Chapter 1: Vormir - Flashback
    




Chapter Text
Clint's pov.Me and Nat were in Vormir, staring below the rocky cliff. The sun was far beyond, scorching red and bright. It lit the bottom of the pit, quite subtle, from the distance.The cliff was rather high, where winds kept blowing. Her golden-tipped hair kept afloat by the rushing air, while the back of my head felt cool, brushed by the wind.

"What you seek lies in front of you. In order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love," the Red Skull's voice echoed in the lonely planet, "An everlasting exchange. A soul, for a soul."I tilted my head a little to understand better of that steep ground all the way down. I knew, it had to be it. A sacrifice.I had to be the one, I had to. My family would understand, my life for billions. They would be sad, but proud. Meanwhile, Nat would be angry at me, though, but she couldn't get a revenge this time. She really needed to get a life, for all the things she had experienced in the Red Room, the place which snatched her choices away from her. I knew she always wanted the experience all women do, but she wasn't allowed, not even after joining the Avengers. She was a sister to me, dearly, ever since we've met. I'm ready to do anything for her.However, I didn't think it would be easy.Natasha's pov.Clint was standing beside me, looking rather solemn. I knew what he was thinking and planning to do. We both knew.I was pretty sure he would start up a fight if I told him my decision, even if he expected me to blurt that out. But I was destined, for the red in my ledger. Clint had always told me it wasn't my fault at all, that I didn't have a choice. The thing is, I've done it. Many innocent lives, lost because of me. Being a part of the Red Room. Me.Clint has a family, and would be brought back, and with the other billions of people, so I am extremely willing to be destined to that. He is a kind man, and a brother. He's family. One of my only.We were both in deep thoughts, while reading each others' minds without observing expressions. We knew well about one another.Clint's pov.We were in this together. It's just that one was going to sacrifice, while the other bares pain. We were still together.Nat sat down on a thick root, fidgeting her fingers."It's not a coincidence. No, I don't think so," she murmured."Cuz he knew your daddy's name?" I joked."I didn't. Thanos left here with the stone," she shook her head a little, " without his daughter."

She paused for her while. She seemed to be thinking that she should be the one who falls to the pit. Her eyes started to shimmer under the dim light. I saw fear, but bravery and commitment. She really didn't care of anything when it came to life and death, she hid her fear so well, and didn't show much in her face. Her eyes betray her though, I knew her too well. She took a breath, and whispered, "Whatever it takes.""Whatever it takes," I resonated.After some seconds, she jumped up from the root and walked towards me. She looked up at me with serious eyes, and stated, "If we don't get that stone, billions of people stay dead.""Then I guess we both know who it's got to be," I mumbled."I guess we do," she mumbled in return.I held my hand up a little to hold Nat's. She held mine in return, her other hand clasping the back of my hand. We felt encouragement and confidence, yet we knew one would lose the other upon leaving the planet.

I tilted my head up and glanced at her, trying to take a better look of her, before I do my part of retrieving the stone. Nat was furrowing her eyebrows, her emerald orbs focusing on mine when she looked up at me. At this point I couldn't read her face, she looked confident, yet uncertain. I gave her a look and smirked a little, "I'm starting to think we mean different people here, Natasha." I grinned upon finishing my sentence.She looked at me with all her faith, her eyes never leaving mine, "For the last five years I've been trying to do one thing, get to right here. That's all it's been about. Bringing everybody back."I knew she would say that. She was trying to wipe the red out of her ledger, but it wasn't her fault. She didn't have a choice back then."Oh, don't you get all decent on me now," I joked in return."What, you think I want to do it? I'm trying to save your life, you idiot."I felt the sadness burning over her body. She was blaming herself again, and trying to compensate, or wipe the red, by losing her life. I wouldn't let that happen. It would be hard to do, I can see the immense dedication of her."Yeah, well, I don't want you to, how's that? Natasha, you know what I've done. You know what I've become." I nodded at her, as I knew that she knew the terrible things I've done. I was hoping this would make me somewhat worser, a reason for deserving to die."Well, I don't judge people on their worst mistakes," she replied, trying to comfort me. Even at this crisis, she was still so calm, thoughtful, understanding. If I let her die, I'll nev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
rogers - Freeform
romanoff - Freeform
Natasha - Freeform
Marvel - Freeform
brucebanner - Freeform
steve - Freeform
Banner
Endgame
Thor - Freeform
Bruce - Freeform
steverogers - Freeform
Fanfic
Avengers - Freeform
ClintBarton - Freeform
thorodinson
odinson - Freeform
barton - Freeform
natasharomanoff - Freeform
Clint - Freeform

fandom: 
None
