Work Text:
Steve moves back into his old apartment building on a Tuesday in May. He can't quite believe it's the same place--the neighborhood is so different--but Howard had bought the building back in the forties, after the war, and Tony'd had it refurbished when Steve decided he needed his own place. There's a gym in the basement and one of the bedrooms on the top floor has been converted into a studio. It faces east, gets amazing light in the morning.He hadn't expected to have the whole building to himself, but Pepper explained that this way they could minimize the danger to civilians. It's better that way. Steve's not sure he's capable of being sociable anymore with people who aren't involved in top secret government agencies attempting to save the world. Thanks to Darcy, he can fake his way through small talk at Tony's parties, and have a serious discussion about the geopolitical ramifications of the US fielding its own superhero team, but anything that regular people would want to discuss leaves him floundering. He's slowly working his way through the shelves of books and movies the others keep giving him, but sometimes he misses Jack Benny and Count Basie, wishes for the comfort of people who get his references, of people he doesn't have to decode to understand.The Dodgers are playing the Giants that night, but they're doing it in Los Angeles. Tony assures him he'll be able to watch it as soon as he moves in, thanks to Pepper's ability to wrangle even the normally recalcitrant cable company, and a subscription to some network that shows every game, but Steve chooses to listen to the Mets lose on the radio instead. It's more familiar, even if he doesn't recognize the names of any of the players. He also doesn't really care if they lose (which is good, because they do); it's the rhythm of the game he finds appealing. Comforting, if he's being honest. He lies in the dark and lets the play-by-play lull him. He thinks it's funny, because if SHIELD had chosen a game from sometime after he'd gone off to Europe, he might have bought their little charade at first and maybe he'd have been allowed to live on his own earlier.In the morning, he wakes up and goes for a run, relearning the streets of the place he grew up. There are a few buildings he recognizes under their new coats of paint, and one or two shops that claim to have been around since 1940, but he can't honestly say they look familiar.The Starbucks is all new, though, one on every other block it seems, and this modern craze for coffee is one of the few he's appreciated since he got back, so he stops in and gets himself a fancy caffeinated beverage. He's used to it now, doesn't stumble over his order the way he did the first few times, when he felt awkward about ordering a caramel macchiato or a vanilla latte instead of coffee, black, the way he drank it during the war. He picks up a copy of the Times to read with his breakfast. He's engrossed in a story about the Mets' inability to hit with runners in scoring position when he nearly bumps into the guy walking into Starbucks while he's walking out. "Excuse me," he says, embarrassed, stepping back and looking up from his newspaper into bright blue eyes and a smirking, familiar face. Steve freezes, unable to breathe, and stares, suddenly transported back to 1943. "No problem." The guy shows no sign of recognition, and Steve tells himself not to be ridiculous. It can't be Bucky, even though he sounds like him, and underneath the scent of coffee and cigarettes, he smells like him. The guy's holding the door open, eyebrow raised in inquiry, and after a long moment of staring, heat rising under his skin, Steve realizes he's supposed to step through.He smiles apologetically and walks through the door, but has to stop and stand on the sidewalk for a long moment and breathe through the sudden tightness in his throat. He takes a sip of coffee to relieve the dryness in his mouth, and reminds himself that there are a lot of blue-eyed, brown-haired men in New York City, and none of them are Bucky.Still, he spends a couple of hours hunched over a sketchpad, trying to capture the exact blue of the guy's eyes, the ridiculous wave of his hair, the curving pink bow of his mouth. Aside from some fine lines around his eyes and mouth, he's a dead ringer for the sketches of Bucky Steve's been drawing since he learned how to sketch. He shakes his head and puts the sketchpad away with a rueful laugh.*Steve settles into a routine over the next few weeks. He spends a couple of nights at the mansion Tony's set up in the city for the Avengers, enough for them to start to gel as a team both on and off duty, and as much time as Fury requires on the Helicarrier when there's a crisis brewing, but the rest of his time is his own for now, and he spends it exploring the city and slowly turning the apartment into a place that he can call home, instead of a really expensive extended stay hotel room.What with one thing and another, it's a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Amnesia
barista
Pining
Remix

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

