Work Text:
Tony doesn't tell anyone because no one else deserves to know. Or at least, that's what he like to tell himself. At night, when he's alone in his bed and dizzy with the need to sleep and the fear of nightmares, he knows it's because he's already too weak. Tony Stark not recommended, right? If his team knew, if SHIELD knew, he would lose everything. Right now, the only thing holding him together is the fact that he's an Avenger. It's just a lot easier to push away the thoughts of what he's lost during the day.But he keeps it private and tells himself that it shouldn't matter, because really it had only happened a handful of times. Maybe a dozen at the most, and that's not so much, right? So it shouldn't matter like this. It shouldn't hit him in the belly like a craving when he spots something that reminds him - and that seems to happen all the fucking time. It shouldn't make him cry at night like the baby he's trying so hard not to be, covering his face while the huge, shuddering sobs shake him from head to toe. It shouldn't make Pepper look at him with obvious concern, or Rhodey place a series of increasingly worried phone calls about the state of Tony's health.He should be holding it together better than this.About two months after the Battle of New York he wets the bed, wakes up crying and muffles it with his pillow because no one's coming. He finds a pacifier in his bedside table and gives it a few quick, guilty sucks in the hopes of getting calmer, but it's not the one he really wants. No, that one - the one that was painted to look like Cap's shield - had a special place in the pocket of a suit jacket, where it was always on hand when Tony needed it the most. He's never had the nerve to search the SHIELD servers to see if anyone found it after the fact, because what if someone notices his curiosity and puts two and two together? It takes effort to keep himself awake the rest of the night, but he doesn't dare try to go back to sleep. He takes the longest shower he can bear and gets dressed, fumbling his wet sheets into the garbage instead of down the laundry chute, and then he sits down with his back to the wall and just stares. He thinks about indulging in a glass of whiskey, maybe just one, but he's not supposed to be doing that anymore. Those oft repeated words ghost through his mind and he chokes on another sob, putting his hands over his ears. It's not supposed to be like this. For all Tony knows, it was nothing more than a way to get him to warm up to Shield. There's a good possibility that it didn't really mean anything.
Babies aren't supposed to have alcohol, Tony, you know that.
He tells himself that over and over again, that maybe it didn't mean anything, that it mattered so much more to him, but he doesn't really believe it until he stumbles down to breakfast that morning. The rest of the team was already there, because for people who'd claimed they were going their separate ways, they'd showed up alarmingly fast at the tower, and it occurs to Tony that it's a lot later than he thought it was. Steve is cooking breakfast with Thor's help, and Bruce and Natasha and Clint are already sitting at the table, and that's right about when Tony's mind grinds to a complete stop.Phil Coulson looks back at him with an even expression.Hallucination is the first thing that goes through his head, but then Clint turns to him and says something and Phil rolls his eyes. It's natural, easy, in a way that dispels any notion that Clint might have just found out. And if Clint can see him too, than that means either they're all hallucinating or that he's real. Tony's not sure which he wants more, but he is sure that his legs can no longer hold him. The sound his shoulder makes when he slumps sideways against the doorframe catches Natasha's attention, and she frowns at him."What are you doing, Stark?"Words. Words are things that Tony needs to remember how to use. "I... you... you're alive."Something changes in Phil's face, but it's Clint who answers. "Yeah, didn't you hear? We've known for like a month now, but he just got clearance to leave the medical bays a couple days ago. Apparently the doctors didn't trust him not to pull his stitches open. I wonder where they got an idea like that from." He's grinning like it's a big joke, and Tony can't breathe.A month. Tony doesn't know what kind of sound comes out of his mouth. It can't be a good one. The grin vanishes from Clint's face and Steve and Thor spin around and Phil starts to stand, but it turns out that his legs will support him after all because Tony's already stumbling away. He can't really see where he's going, his eyes are so full of tears, but he's been in the tower long enough that he should know it like the back of his hand. He still bangs his shin hard into the coffee table and the momentum is enough to take him down, crumbling into a pathetic heap right there on the floor for everyone to see. A month."Tony, baby, shh. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
Baby!Tony
daddy!Phil
Post Avengers
Coulson Lives
Protective Phil Coulson
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bed-Wetting
Wetting
Diapers
Pacifiers
Platonic Cuddling
Panic Attacks
Grief
Mourning
Denial
Cuddling
Fluff
Crying
all the feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Infantilism
non sexual infantilism

fandom: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

