Work Text:
Things calmed in the wake of Fisk’s capture, which, while good for Foggy’s peace of mind, was bad for business. As March faded to April and their cases remained de facto pro bono, that fact did not escape him. The days began to warm in spikes, one day it’s a brisk fifty degrees, the next it’s pushing seventy before plummeting back down to forty.One Wednesday peaked at eighty degrees, and Foggy felt like he was going to melt out of his suit—the good one his mother and his aunts went in together to buy him. There was no air in their office, just like there was barely heat in the winter, and the beat up fan Karen brought in just pushed the hot air around. Even sitting where he was, at the end of Karen’s desk, practically in front of it, provided no relief. All the windows were open, but the heat always sent everyone outside at street level, and it was loud enough that Foggy couldn't concentrate. He wondered how Matt was doing.Things still weren’t great between them after, well, everything. They’d never be what they were, but they were doing better all the time. It was enough to make Foggy think this might have actually been good for them.Matt still came in bruised and bloody, still had nights where he couldn’t be reached by phone and walked like he was ninety the next day, but with the Kingpin’s empire in tatters, the newly christened Daredevil was dealing mostly street crime. A snatched purse. A stolen wallet. Muggers. Assaults. Murder—all averted because of the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen.“My god,” Karen moaned, dropping her head to her desk. “This fucking heat.”“Try not to think about it,” Matt said, low and amused. Today was a good day. The bruises were all fading, no open wounds. He even managed to shave this morning, which usually meant things were on the up in the World of Matt Murdock.“What else am I going to think about?” Karen asked. “We have no clients.”Now it was Foggy’s turn to groan. “Don’t remind me.”A chair creaked—Matt’s, and Foggy looked through the glass. Matt had stood and made his way to the doorway of his office. He had taken his jacket off, rolled his sleeves up the elbow. It was a good look on him. He wasn’t sweating through the back of his shirt, like Foggy was. Jerk. “You can go home, if you want,” Matt said. “No sense staying here and baking.”Karen smiled at him. Her smiles had been tired of late. The last time he and Matt were at Josie’s, Matt had mentioned that he was worried about Karen; there was something bothering her, something he had expected to disappear when the threat of Fisk had been eliminated. At the time, Foggy has said it was a normal, non-vigilante reaction to everything they had been through. Now, Foggy couldn’t not see it.“So I can go home and bake?” Karen asked. “No thanks. My apartment’s on the third floor, too. It wouldn’t be any better.”“Better than the fifth,” Matt said, and Foggy couldn’t help himself.“You hear this guy?” He said to Karen. “They only ever plead the fifth when they’ve done something wrong.”Matt stuck his tongue out at him, but Karen laughed, which was the point. Score one for Foggy. “Maybe I will head out, if you don’t need me,” she said. “I’ve been meaning to visit with Doris. I can wait out the worst of it there.” Doris Urich.Foggy closed his eyes for a moment; it had been necessary, to miss Ben’s funeral, but it was something that Foggy was going to regret for a long time.Karen stood, gathered her things, and left with a cheery wave. Foggy waited until he couldn’t hear her anymore before he spoke.“My apartment isn’t any lower to the ground, either,” he said. “Josie’s?” he asked, not really expecting Matt to say yes, and ready for Matt to reject him and gallivant off into the hazy afternoon to fight crime and muss up his unbruised look of utter normalcy. Matt hesitated for just a moment, shoulders tense, but then he relaxed all at once, and smiled gently. “Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good.”Foggy snapped his fingers, pointing at Matt. “Excellent! Grab your stuff, lets lock up and go.” He spun, throwing his jacket over his arm and grabbing his case, and went to wait by the door. It usually took Matt an extra second, even now when he let himself relax. Karen gone, Matt was less careful—his stick remained propped in it’s usual place by his door, his steps were sure and—actually, now that Foggy was watching, he realized how little had actually changed about how Matt moved. He almost always left his stick by the door because he knew the layout of his office, and had for weeks. It was the same way he had moved around their dorm room, or his apartment, or Foggy’s apartment.Huh.“You’re staring,” Matt said.“Yeah,” Foggy said, not bothering to deny it. “I keep expecting you to, I don’t know, break out some sweet-ass ninja moves or something.”“In these pants?” Matt asked. Foggy snorted. “Please. I’ve seen the sorry excuse for a costume you used to go out in. I’m surprised more people don’t realize you’re blind.”“Har har,” Matt said, and reached out. F
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Complete
First Time
Dirty Talk
Avocados at Love

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

