Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Bucky would never have thought that such a thing could happen to him. At first, it looked like the usual mission with Sam. They got a tip on a small group of Flagsmashers supporters who managed to escape. Sam informed him that it was an old factory and that there should be only a few people. Maybe three super soldiers? Bucky felt a little confident about it. They've been through this before, they can do it a second time. But the whole place was a problem from the beginning. The area was huge. And even though Bucky could barely find shelter, he certainly counted more than three super soldiers. And many more weapons than they expected. " We have to go back!  " it came from the radio. "  It's a trap! " Bucky looked around. There had to be a way out! And then he heard it. Steps. And before he could turn around, a few gunshots. Bucky grabbed his stomach with a painful exhalation, too aware of the warm blood that began to wet his palm. "Finally," the masked man muttered, coming closer. "The famous Bucky Barnes..." Bucky tried to scramble to his feet. But then the barrel of the weapon pressed against his forehead. And the last shot was fired.    Bucky took a deep breath and opened his eyes hard. Wherever he was, it was dark around. His head ached, he felt strangely numb. What the hell... And then, after a few seconds of touching his forehead, he remembered. Gunshot. Bucky blinked again to look around. Where the hell was he ?! And how could he survive a headshot? Even with his recovery, it wouldn't work... So why was he alive... There was a window nearby, ajar. After a moment of concentration, Bucky heard some sounds in the street. Cars drove by, and people talking. It sounded normal. Too normal. With another breath, Bucky sat up slowly and looked at his stomach. He was wearing a shabby T-shirt. The tactical gear he had on the mission was gone. But the stomach was fine, just old scars. Something was definitely wrong. Bucky looked around. And then he shook his head in shock. He knew this room all too well. Peeled walls, a few pieces of old furniture. Romania. He was in Romania. But how the hell did he get here?!  
 Bucky hoped that when he finally got up, he would be able to find out who got him here. He had no handcuffs, nothing. So it didn't look like a kidnapping. Sam was nowhere around. But as soon as Bucky got to his feet, he noticed something that scared him more than Romania. He had a silver arm. His left arm from Wakanda was gone. And instead, he had his old arm that Hydra had given him. Even the red star on his shoulder was the same. But that was not possible! The arm was destroyed. And why would anyone put in the effort to make an exact replica! Bucky took off his T-shirt and looked at his shoulder in the small dirty mirror that hung on the wall. The scars were old, no one could do that recently. And when he looked around, he realized that he didn't look the same. Longer hair, shoulder-length. That neglected stubble. Bucky knew well when he had last looked like this. When he fled to Romania. Almost a year before Steve found him, all hell broke out with the Avengers. Bucky has experienced a lot of weird things. He saw even more of them. He knew Steve was gone in past. But it was using a machine! Bucky was... he was on a mission... on a mission with Sam... And then he realized it all. He died on that mission.  
 Bucky spent the next hour literally in a mental breakdown. How could he end up here! If it really wasn't a kidnapping, it started to look more and more absurd, and it really was in the past... Why him? And why here, why Romania?   Bucky finally dared to go out. The streets of Bucharest looked as busy as he remembered. No one paid any attention to him, and then Bucky managed to get to the square where he used to go to buy food without any problems. Everything looked fine, except for a small crowd at the newsstand. Bucky looked around halfway to make sure he wasn't being watched and stepped closer. The salesman quickly handed out the newspaper to the outstretched hands of customers and took the money while the locals stood nearby, looking at the newspaper and talking excitedly. Bucky quietly joined one group of older women and looked over their shoulders. And he swallowed. The entire front page was occupied by information about the attack on Sokovia, accompanied by several photographs of the destroyed capital and speculation about the participation of the Avengers. Bucky didn't remember if he was interested in this for the first time. Most of the time, he just hid in a small apartment and prayed that Hydra wouldn't find him. But if this was the destruction of Novi Grad, it must have been 2015. So he was eight years back. Which meant he had almost a year before Steve found him, and everything was going to hell again. Bucky quietly walked away from the crowd and looked around again to be sure. He's used to being too paranoid. But in 2015, he was not at the mercy 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo

freeform: 
Time Travel Fix-It
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Battle of Sokovia
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Helmut Zemo

