Chapter 1: The Beginning
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Years, centuries had passed as she rested within the earth. Not even the magic that suffused it could shorten the time it took for the last smoldering sparks of life within her form to burn brighter and fill with life and magic once more. Time was irrelevant, and she felt it pass as the earth felt it pass. She existed. She was not awake, however. She knew she'd been awake once, and this felt like hovering on the edge of dreaming, when awareness was only starting to creep through the grey haze.
The earth cradled her within its embrace and she felt no cold and no heat, only vaguely aware of the changing seasons. And with every season that came and went, she grew a little stronger. Eventually, she was able to stretch invisible hands out to feel the land around her and lap at the well of its power. Power that felt familiar; it caressed her in return and she relaxed further into its touch, weakly holding on. Over time her grip grew stronger and she began to feel beyond the earth around her: there were trees, grass, stones, and the occasional bird. And water all around.
She wasn't sure when the first time she felt the other presence was. It came from the water and moved upon the land. She felt its steps like clear bells, vibrating with power that resonated deeply into the land. It was a pleasant sound: warm and strong like the earth, and vibrant and weighty like magic.
It didn't stay long, but after it left, the first memories began to emerge. Flashes of faces, places and sometimes objects danced across her mind in between the endless silence of the earth. She didn't recognize them, but felt joy or sadness when they flashed. Emotions: she'd forgotten those as well.
She was different from the Earth, she realized, but what her existence meant beyond that eluded her.
The presence returned a few times after that and once, she felt its touch embrace her briefly. It was long gone again when she recognized the emotion she'd felt from it as surprise. Then she began to remember more. Sometimes a trinket would pop into her mind and she'd remember wearing it, or remember the person giving it to her. She remembered a castle and an island. She remembered a room full of vials and talismans, infused with the smell of dried herbs and incense. She remembered the smell of smoke and burning flesh, anger and grief molten ball within her chest.
The next time the presence returned, she remembered his name. For the first time during her existence within the arms of the earth, she felt her lips move as she whispered his other name. The land shivered with delight and she felt the earth above her move. Soil whispered as it slid to the side and leaves rustled as they, too, rolled away. The sun's rays kissed her bare flesh for the first time in centuries.
She stretched out her stiff limbs and moved, rolling over onto her back. For a few moments more she simply relished the warmth of the sun and the coolness of the soft breeze. After her cocoon of silence, the world on the surface was loud, and it took a long while for birdsong to sound less abrasive.
Her eyelashes fluttered, her lids as stiff as the rest of her, caked and crusted-over from lack of use. Eventually, she opened her eyes and looked up into the sun.
Then she remembered her name.
She smirked. Now she remembered what had happened, why she'd needed to rest within the earth for so long. She was probably lucky; he'd been just a boy when he'd faced her, all anger and righteousness. He'd no more understood what she'd done than what he'd left undone that day. As though a simple lightening strike could kill a Priestess of the Old Religion.
She stood slowly on shaking legs, feeling like a newborn colt, but refusing to wait any longer. She didn't feel hunger yet, but she staggered to a nearby stream to quench her thirst. She could feel his presence at the edge of the island, unmoving. Waiting for her.
With every step she felt stronger, her magic burrowing into the land, into the sacred soil beneath her and augmenting her power. Her steps became surer, her back straighter and she stopped twitching at every sound. By the time she reached the edge of the island, she was once again a formidable opponent.
He was sitting on the grass with his back to her, looking out at the gently rolling waves on the lake. His hair was much longer than she remembered and tied behind him with a black bow, his clothing of a much finer material than she ever remembered him wearing, with tall boots of soft brown leather. Uncaring of her own dirt-smeared nakedness, she stopped several steps behind him and smirked.
“Well, hello Merlin, it's been a long time,” she said.
He continued to stare out at the lake. “Hello, Nimueh,” he said simply, a weight and weariness to his words that were also new. “I think it's been longer than you realize. Tell me, do you approach as friend or foe?”
The question startle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Merlin/Nimueh friendship
MCU cannon relationships

freeform: 
Drama
Humor
Fantasy
Magic
Immortal Merlin
High Priestess Nimueh
Artist Steve Rogers
Mutant Politics
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Secret Identity
Loosely woven together plotlines

fandom: 
Merlin/Nimueh friendship
MCU cannon relationships

