Chapter 1: Prologue / The Text
    




Chapter Text
 “Please, even if just for an hour.” Stephen frowned, walking toward the hospital locker rooms.“You can't convince me.” Christine shook her head, walking by his side.“I don't like going to events alone.” Stephen glanced over at her.“You won't be alone. Its a fancy dinner, Stephen, there will be plenty of other award-worthy people there.” Christine shrugged.“Fine,” Stephen sighed when they reached the locker rooms, turning to Christine, “I don't like going to events without you.”“Well, you’re going to have to get used to it.” Christine spoke as she walked into her locker room, shutting the door behind her.Stephen’s mouth opened and closed as he tried to think of something in response — he was used to himself being the abrupt one. Sighing to himself, he walked into the male locker room and over to his locker, getting changed out of his scrubs. He tucked his shirt into his pants clumsily and made his way back out of the room as quickly as possible — hoping to catch Christine once more just outside. As he stuffed his scrubs into his bag, he heard footsteps coming toward the door and quickly looked up.“To me, a party isn't a party without a pretty little thing on my arm.” Stephen tried his best to offer a charming smile as Christine walked out of the door.“Well, that’s just it, isn't it?” Christine rolled her eyes, not even slowing her walking as she continued to head toward the exit of the hospital.“What?” Stephen pursed his lips, walking in his strides to try and keep up with her.“That’s all I was to you, wasn't it?” She glanced over at him, “Just another accessory to inflate your ego.”“What, no!” Stephen scoffed and shook his head quickly with a scowl, following her outside, “Come tonight and I’ll prove to you that you are much more than that.”“No, Stephen,” She sighed, walking toward her car, “Even if I wanted to be a part in your egotistical parade, I can't.”“Christine, wait—!” Stephen called to her as she continued to veer in a different direction.“Have a good night, Stephen.” She spoke bluntly as she opened her car door.“Uh, yeah, you—...” He paused as she forcefully closed the car door and turned on the engine, “...too.”--- The dinner was good, not as good as it would have been with Christine to look at across the table or by his side, but still good enough to enjoy. Christine kept to her word and didn't attend whatsoever, not even a text to ask him how it was going. Truthfully, he knew that was a bit arrogant of him to presume she would, even for him, but it didn't stop him checking his phone every five minutes.The ride home in the back of the taxi made him feel a little queasy in his mildly tipsy state, but he tried to take his mind off it by thinking about Christine. His thoughts went back to the times shared together in the back of several taxis; wandering hands, his fingers under the hem of her dresses, her fingers fumbling with the opening of his pants, lost in kisses until the driver stopped abruptly outside his apartment to remind them where they were. He rested his forehead against the window and exhaled slowly, almost feeling her lips upon his neck as he closed his eyes. He had his chances with several women tonight, but brushed them off besides exchanging numbers. Right now, however, as he fidgeted irritably against the seat, he was regretting not taking any of them up on their suggestions.“Sir.” The driver spoke as he pulled up outside Stephen’s apartment, bringing him out of his trance.“Hm, what?” He blinked hard and lifted his head, “Oh, thank you.”“Goodnight, Mr Strange.” The driver looked over his shoulder as Stephen opened the door.“Goodnight.” Stephen nodded and climbed out of the car, shutting the door behind him before walking toward his apartment.He had to steady himself a couple of times on his way up, but he eventually made it to his door in one piece. Once inside his apartment, he stumbled over to his whisky table and poured himself a glass. A drop of the liquid threatened to spill when he slumped back into his large arm chair, kicking his shoes off and bringing the glass to his lips.“Ah, you can never get a hangover if you never sober up.” He mumbled against the rim of the glass before taking a sip and sinking further into the chair.He leaned his head back against the top of the chair and exhaled deeply, resting his glass on his knee as he stared up at the ceiling. The large apartment being so empty and quiet made him long for company even more, but being unsure himself of what his intentions would be when said company would arrive was what made him question whether or not it was a good idea. More often than not, he didn't care as long as he got his fix, but the main problem as of late was that he had come to the conclusion that nobody was capable of satisfying him the way Christine did. He pushed his hand into his pocket and gripped onto his phone, bringing the glass back to his lips.“Fine,” He grumbled to himself, downing what
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange

