Work Text:
It starts the night after their final in Contracts--after Foggy spent a good two hours goading Matt into doing shots that neither of them can really afford at some obscenely expensive bar.  Marci had invited them to come along to celebrate their last exam as first year law students, only to ditch them halfway into the evening to go clubbing with some sleazy wall street types who had come uptown specifically to pick up girls still young and new enough to New York City to overlook what total douchebags they really were. ("I'll look after them," Marci had told Foggy with a wicked smile, slinging her jacket over her shoulder and blowing them as kiss as she left the bar to follow her friends out.)"You should have gone with them," Matt tells Foggy's shoulder as he's got his arm slung around Foggy's neck.  Foggy's leading the way at this point--Matt's cane held limply in his hand halfheartedly tapping at the sidewalk but most of his weight on Foggy's side."And miss you taking a shot of squid ink?" Foggy asks, "You are such a fucking lightweight, Murdock."Matt makes a face--which, from the angle that Foggy's looking at him, is totally adorable.  Not that Foggy spends any conscious thought on how adorable Foggy finds some of Matt's expressions or anything, hahaha.  That would be ludicrous.  Totally the alcohol talking."The cow's blood thing," Matt says, "That has to be breaking some sort of FDA regulation.""Do you know," Foggy says seriously as they reach the front door of their apartment complex, "I bet if you vomited right now we could use the contents of your stomach to summon the devil."Matt leans against the wall as Foggy fishes out his keys, tilting his head against the brick.  Foggy misses the keyhole twice because he's definitely not distracted by the line of Matt's throat in the light of the landing--must be the alcohol again.  All three shots of the bourbon served in ice shot glasses that cost more than his entire weekly food budget."Don't talk about vomiting," Matt tells him."Dude, you are plastered," Foggy says, delighted.Matt hits him with his cane."Abuse," Foggy complains, pushing the door open."Oh sorry," Matt says, "Was that you?  I can't see very well.""Because you're plastered," Foggy says triumphantly, looping his arm in Matt's as he pulls Matt away from the wall.  Matt leans on him again as they make their way up the stairs."Do you think the devil copies and pastes all the contracts he uses to get people to sign their souls away?" Matt asks as they reach their apartment.  Their massively upgraded (a burst pipe had flooded their original room at the end of first semester) but still shitty Columbia-subsidized matchbox-sized apartment hasn't been cleaned since before they started cramming a week ago.  Or rather, just since Foggy starting cramming since Matt had spent months listening and relistening to the recorded lectures like the huge nerd he was.  Point being, there were probably ants feasting on the stale box of Dunkin Donuts in the kitchenette and Foggy really really wasn't looking forward to clearing away nine days worth of dishes with a hangover in the morning."Aren't you supposed to be a nice Catholic boy?" Foggy asks, flicking on the lights.  "Doesn't speculating about the devil fall under some rule of blasphemy or whatever?"Matt laughs.  Foggy notices the way that the corners of his eyes crinkle up behind his glasses and oh come on, that just wasn't fair.  When Matt smiled--like, really really smiled--Foggy always wanted to--Well.  He wasn't really sure what he wanted to do but he sure as hell couldn't help but smile back."I think we should drink water," Foggy whispers."Why are you whispering?" Matt whispers back."Don't want the devil to get any ideas for how he's going to customize my version of his mad libs contract," Foggy whispers.  Matt, honest to god, actually giggles."You are so plastered," Foggy points out for the millionth time."Soberer one has to pour water," Matt says solemnly."That's just pure laziness, that's what that is," Foggy says, but he's already trying to find clean cups in the mess on the table.  One of them seems fairly clean but the other one has orange juice bits down at the bottom.  Foggy has to angle his cup weirdly to get any water into it since there are approximately nine million unwashed dishes in the sink.By the time he's got two glasses of (reasonably clean) water, Matt's already disappeared into his room.  Foggy crosses the tiny common space to peer into the neatly organized room, only to realize that Matt's lying on the floor in the dark."Bed's over there," Foggy says, but takes a seat down next to Matt and sets Matt's water down on the floor next to his head.  Matt turns his head towards Foggy, the light filtering in from the kitchenette hitting the lower half of his face just right to illuminate the tiny smile that he gives Foggy."I'm glad we don't have any exams left," Matt says."Me too buddy," Foggy says.  The tiny smile is still on Matt's f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson/Marci Stahl

freeform: 
Pre-Canon
Law School
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
Pining
Fake/Pretend Relationship

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson/Marci Stahl

