Chapter 1: The Beginning of Sin [Boruto: Naruto Next Generations]
    


Summary:

A wife depressed about her sex life finds a lover in a boy genius [Shikadai/Karui]



Notes:
Content Warnings/Themes: Infidelity, blowjob

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


Marrying Chouji was by far one of the most wrong choices Karui had ever made in her life.  She remembered the first time he asked her out — during the wedding of Uzumaki Naruto — and his daring to compare her to the cake at the ceremony, which she would later discover had a special meaning. At the time, the kunoichi of Kumo gave in to his advances out of pure pity and in order to make him realize that she was not good company. But Akimichi held on like no other. God, his persistence was so great! He put up with her bad moods, her annoyances, her ignorance, absolutely everything. In the face of all these things she gave him a chance, and it wasn't long before they had a relationship, followed by pregnancy. When Karui took Chouchou in her arms for the first time, she felt the most grateful woman in the world; he was responsible for giving her the most precious thing she could ever have in her life.Over the years she nurtured a fondness for Chouji, they had always been such companions and perhaps this was the big mistake. As a woman, she always felt incomplete, unwanted. He seemed more like her best friend than her husband, and this fact frustrated her for so many years. However, the day came when she decided to free herself from those negative feelings, and it took her even longer than imagined to make such a decision. It was not her fault, but that of her spouse. Karui discovered this when I noticed Chouchou's teammate — Shikadai Nara — staring at her longingly with those penetrating eyes while waiting for her teammate to go on a mission. From that day on things changed completely and she promised herself that she would win the young genius on a whim.Shikadai smelled of sin. So young, a teenager just graduated from the Ninja Academy. It was a sin she wanted to commit as soon as possible. And it wasn't a very difficult task, because in the first charm move he was already in the palm of the older woman's hand. It was a Sunday, late afternoon, Karui pretended to need help cleaning the kitchen and her idiot husband didn't even mention to lift his fat ass off the couch because he was so busy talking to Chouchou about various flavors of snacks. Temari's son then set out to help the former Kumo kunoichi politely.Once there, it was only a matter of a short time before she was on her knees in front of Shikadai, sucking his cock and sucking with unusual eagerness. The MILF remembered perfectly well him holding back her moans and the astonished face he made when she swallowed the entire thick load of semen that filled his mouth. Upon returning to the room she made a point of kissing Chouji, squinting at her new lover squirting an almost imperceptible corner smile.Since that afternoon she and Nara had been seeing each other quite frequently. Always without the slightest remorse, without feeling any guilt or pity for Chouji. That's how Karui started cheating on her husband with a boy and didn't intend to stop any time soon.




Notes:

For requests the following requirements:Only ShotaconF/M at this first momentNo Crossover at this first momentIncest will be accepted.You can suggest scenarios, but if I don't feel comfortable with the theme I will change it to fit.The reader who requests it needs to comment on the chapter in order to request it again.I won't promise long chapters, it will all depend on my creativity when it comes to writing.My English is bad, as long as you don't mind that go ahead and I'll make an effort to do something decent.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
MILFs
Smut
Sex
Shotacon
NSFW
Explicit Sexual Content
One Shot Collection
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Underage Sex
Older Woman/Younger Man
Animated GIFs
Age Difference
Extremely Underage
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Bad English
Embedded Images
Loss of Virginity
Size Difference

fandom: 
None
