Chapter 1





Chapter Text
'Tony. Tony. Tony!'
Sighing, Tony hit save and turned to face his father.
Having got Tony's attention, Howard crossed his arms and frowned. 'We have to talk.'
'Does it have to be now?' Tony glanced wistfully at the work on the screen. 'I'm just-'
Howard sighed, and leaned across Tony to turn the screen off. 'Tony,' he said again. 'You're my son, and I love you, but you're whack-a-mole crazy at the moment.'
'Look, Dad,' Tony ran his hands through his hair, even though he knew that it left him looking like a dark-haired Albert Einstein. 'I know I was a little off the mark with the talking house 1.0, but that was more a coding issue than-'
'You're taking a leave of absence.'
'-a problem with the concept,' Tony trailed off. 'Wait, what?'
'You're doing increasingly shonky work in increasingly bizarre areas,' Howard laid a hand on Tony's shoulder. 'And you're a PR disaster. I need you to go home, get your head straight, and for God's sake try to keep it in your pants and out of the papers, OK?'
Tony's mouth dropped open. 'Excuse me?'
Howard gripped Tony's other shoulder, bending to force eye contact. 'Tony. It's a tricky time for the company, and your mother is all over the place helping your Pepper with the wedding. I need for you to get out of the public eye, at least until after the wedding, and that means no slutting around the clubs with those Hilton girls and the like.'
'Howard, this is-' Tony tried to push his father away, but his hands just tightened.
'No, Tony,' Howard had his sympathetic-but-firm expression on, the one he used on the board. 'Your mother doesn't need the stress, and the company needs your head on straight. Which means no smart house, no tabloid spreads of you stumbling out of shitty clubs at three am wearing someone else's clothes and an idiotic grin.'
'OK, I understand I'm not exactly winning prizes for sensible in the media,' Tony waved a hand at his lab. 'But I'm hardly wasting company funds down here.'
Howard raised an eyebrow. 'Exactly how marketable do you think that lab assistance robot with the personality of a truculent two year old is? Or the kitchen appliances with AI but no cooking skills?'
'You can't kick me out just for a few-' Tony batted his father's hands away, and jumped up to pace. 'Just a few false starts!'
'I'm not discussing this,Tony,' Howard sliced a hand through the air. 'You're on leave until this wedding nonsense is over and done with. If you can keep out of the tabloids for that long, and you start bringing sensible projects to the table, then the head of R&D position is yours.'
'What the hell am I supposed to do until then?' Tony demanded, refusing to be distracted. 'If I'm not allowed to go out, and I'm not allowed to work, what is there?!'
'You might consider settling down yourself,' Howard smiled. 'Your mother's getting clucky, you know.'
Tony turned to stare. 'You want me to spend I can't even remember how many months hunting down a wife so Mom can start redecorating for a nursery. Instead of working. Are you mad?'
'I'm not arguing with you about this, Tony,' Howard turned to leave. 'Are you going to make me call security to escort you out?'
The closest award to hand made a satisfying sound when it shattered against the wall beside the door, but didn't make Tony feel any better, all told.
****
Having too much pride to let his father have rent-a-cops drag him out, Tony found himself standing outside Stark Tower at ten am on a Wednesday, blinking in the natural light and trying to decide whether to be furious or hysterically amused.
'Until the wedding', Howard had said, but Pepper's wedding was – ten? Eleven? - months away. Cut off from his work, forbidden from partying (at least publicly), and damn everything! He'd left his cell phone in the lab. Well, it could just stay there; he wasn't going to the desk cap in hand to ask to be let in again for his phone.
'Aaahh, screw it,' he shoved his hands in his pockets and headed for the subway.
****
Tony's apartment, purchased in a fit of pique immediately after college, was all the way over in Brooklyn. Not terribly convenient, but on the plus side, even less convenient for Howard's Manhattan sensibilities.
True to overprotective and interfering form, as soon as the ink was dry on Tony's deed of purchase, Howard had bought the  building to keep an eye on him. He still thought Tony didn't know.
The elevator turned out to be broken again, so Tony trudged up three flights of stairs to his door, silently cursing everything about his life. He paused in front of his apartment, leaning his forehead against the cool wood.
Across the hallway, 4B's door opened to let its criminally hot tennant into the hall.
'Oh,' he said when he saw Tony, looking surprised. 'Hi,' 4B jingled his keys absently. 'You're home early.'
Tony, with great effort, refrained from checking him out. 'Yes, yes I am.'
4B stepped forward, reaching out hesitantly. 'Are you...?'
Tony threw a grin towards him, opened his door and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Others
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Maria Hill/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Remy LeBeau/Tony Stark

freeform: 
AU
Romance
Ridiculous
Poor Life Choices
Calm Down Erik
sluts united
Alternate Universe - No Powers
UST ahoy
super mushy ending
No beta we die like mne

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Others
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Maria Hill/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Remy LeBeau/Tony Stark

