Chapter 1





Chapter Text
She’s sorry to say they’ve both seen it before. They both know what the circa 7 foot long stretch of disheveled earth means. She wonders if Clint can tell how many hours old it is. (It’s a little over a day, saturated by that morning’s thunderstorm.)She, normally masked in eloquence, can’t think of what to say.Clint clears his throat, “Don’t ever tell Kate about this one.”“Of course not.” Natasha agrees. She can hear him fading away, the small, easy affection in his tone replaced with one of sorrow. His words echo with emptiness.She abandons the unmarked grave, searches nearby for a shovel. (Is it carelessness that she finds one? Maybe. Maybe no one thought it would matter.)“I want to see a body,” she declares.The statement doesn’t draw a reaction from Clint. Though once she breaks the earth he does come and help.There’s nothing they can do to change the situation. The body they’re going to dig up will either be alive or it won’t. (And Natasha knows the odds, knows how many hours of air a coffin holds. It won’t.) But there’s nothing else they can do.--His hands and ankles are zip tied, his hands behind him, straining his shoulders. Wherever he is, it’s small and cramped and silent. He tries to wiggle loose anyway, only to crash against the sides of the…Far away and above him is the sound of rain on the earth—dirt and grass for as far as he can hear.…Coffin.No one is looking for him. He has faith the Russians didn’t leave any kind of trail. Not for Claire or Foggy or Karen. Not for the police. He was an annoyance, a distraction, a nuisance, finally taken care of.He does the only thing he can do, meditates. Even if he knows all it will do is prolong the inevitable.--It starts raining again and the sides of their hole, now five feet deep, threaten to cave in.--His lungs burn. His face feels hot where he’s breathing in his recycled breath over and over again. Everywhere else is cold. He tries to extend his senses, only to find he can’t feel past his own body. To find that he can’t even feel large parts of his own body. His awareness of his limbs even existing is gone, it’s like his legs just aren’t there. He tries to kick out, to ram them against the side of the coffin, and he can’t tell if he succeeds. There’s no pressure, no sensation of a collision. And his ears are ringing so badly he can’t tell if it made a thud.What he can sense, mostly his neck and chest, is cold, stiff, useless.This is dying, he thinks to himself, over and over again. And it’s almost a meditation. And somehow it’s keeping him from hyperventilating - from using up the last little bit of oxygen he’s got.--“Nat…”“Dig.” I am not going to let you blame yourself for this until we know for a fact this isn’t some trick, that the grave is not empty.--It’s impossible not to hyperventilate at the last moment, not to be aware. His head pounds, his heart feels like it’s going to explode. His lungs, despite them working overtime, seem empty and hollow, like a vacuum. And that’s all the sensation he has. When he’s used to a whole world of balance and spacial awareness, of being able to sense direction and temperature and air currents…It’s like the spins. It’s so much worse than the spins.It’s so much worse than being blinded, those last few moments of the world, his dad’s face, fading away into nothingness. It’s not one sense that’s gone but all of them, all at once.His face, which was so hot before, doesn’t register any temperature at all. Any sensation of his body, of having a body, is gone. He could be a brain in a vat and he wouldn’t know the difference. He can’t feel the silk lining the coffin. He can’t hear his own breath racing in and out of him. He can only feel his heartbeat, feel the pounding, the rushing of it and the desperate, desperate need for air.--And then it’s whooshing into his lungs like a miracle. And he takes great mouthfuls of it, panting, choking, crying.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock & Claire Temple
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock

freeform: 
Buried Alive
Horror
Hurt/Comfort
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Sharing a Bed
Party Games
Fluff
Humor
Trust
Canon Disabled Character
Disabled Character

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock & Claire Temple
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock

