Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Quite frankly, Happiness was being a bit of a stubborn ass about the whole honeymoon thing. 

“Okay, but see, I have a jet.  Jets, actually.  Plural. With food and wine and one has this pole—“ Tony started to explain, then promptly clamped his mouth shut.
“There is no reason we can’t take a regular flight just like everyone else, Tony.  We can charter a boat to the island once we get there,” Steve replied, clearly not understanding about the pole, thank God.  He suspected Steve would not approve. 
“Really, Tony. I appreciate it, but can’t we just be regular people out celebrating our Bonding?  It doesn’t have to be an exercise in extravagance, and even if it did, I think the private island probably took care of that.  It isn’t that I don’t appreciate the thought.  Really, Tony.  Well, except maybe the thing about the pole,” Steve said, looking at Tony out of the corner of his eye with a slight smirk.  Dammit.  Steve did not approve. 
“That was for in-flight safety,” Tony assured him hurriedly.
“To be fair, those stewardesses probably couldn’t have bent quite like that without it,” Steve agreed, reaching for his plate of pancakes.
“Exactly!” Tony replied happily, then caught Steve’s side-eyed look. “Wait—“
“Look, Tony, all I’m saying is that just because you can spend money doesn’t mean you should.  Not when there’s a perfectly good alternative available,” Steve argued, because he was responsible like that. He also mended his clothes when they inevitably got torn, recycled like it was a religion and spent way too much time discussing the merits of various composts with Bruce.  How was Tony to know they meant actual teabagging?
“Fine,” Tony capitulated.  “We’ll take the commercial flight, if that’s really what you want.”
Steve looked at him for a long moment before putting his forkful of pancakes down.  “You’re just going to buy all the seats on the plane, aren’t you?” Steve questioned resignedly.  All the seats on the plane, of course.  That made so much more sense than buying the airline.  Steve was so frugal.
“Relationships are about compromise, Steve,” Tony reminded him astutely.
“Okay, yes, but you realize that’s not at all what that means,” Steve objected mildly, shaking his head and going back to his pancakes and paper.
“Yeah, see, Cap, and far be it for me to agree with Stark, but it’s maybe been awhile since you’ve flown commercial.  These days…not exactly the friendly skies up there,” Clint remarked as he stacked pancakes on his plate. 
“Those are for Steve,” Tony informed Clint, staring accusingly at the plate of pancakes.  “I sent a memo.  But Clint makes the rare valid point.”
“Clint can have some pancakes, Tony,” Steve said evenly, reaching for the sports section, though Tony grabbed it first and spread it out in front of Steve’s place at the table.  Paper cuts. Couldn’t be too careful. 
“But I made the pancakes for you,” Tony grumbled.  “Well, I paid the people who came here and made the pancakes for you.”
“Thank you.  They’re really good,” Steve told him. Tony beamed.  He was obviously having the pancake people come every day. 
Forever.
“I paid them.  The pancake people,” Tony repeated.  “With money that is mine.”
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve replied with a small smile. 
“God, is he going to get like this every time you get near a Heat?” Clint asked in what Tony felt was a bit of exaggerated exasperation.  “I saw your memo, Tony.   I saw it, because you taped it inside the fucking vents, you insane, hormone-addled Alpha with jetboots!  I cannot believe this is my life.”
“Ah-ha!” Tony shouted, pointing an accusing finger at Clint.  “But see, you did see it,” Tony pointed out triumphantly.  “And I’m fine.  Bruce even said this was not like the whole bonding thing.  Bagel?” he asked Steve, holding up a sesame one.  “Isn’t that right, Bruce?” Tony called.
“Yes,” Bruce shouted from across the living room where he was eating his omelet.  “This is different.”
“See? Bruce is a doctor, and he knows doctor stuff,” Tony remarked, waving to Bruce.  “And also, he got the memo,” Tony said happily because Bruce, bless him, was respecting the—okay, he wasn’t actually allowed to call it a bubble anymore because there had been words, and Clint had gotten a bubble machine and like eight gallons of dish detergent and then Steve’s face had done that frowning thing that Tony hated except that it was hard not to find it adorable—anyway, maybe the restricted area? Eh, too clinical.  The Steve Zone?  That sounded nicer because it had Steve in the name, but he really didn’t relish the idea of anyone else thinking about how nice Steve’s name sounded.  
“Toast?” Tony asked Steve, shoving a plate of buttered toast Steve’s way.
“It doesn’t seem very different,” Clint grumbled, but he put down the plate of pancakes, so Tony decided to let that go and reached over to slide the plate of toast closer to Steve, just in case.  “Except he’s trying to feed him instead of fu—“
“Hey!  Steve doesn’t like that kind
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Tony
Omega Steve
Omega Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Mpreg
Mpreg is inherently funny
Crack
Ridiculousness
Even more ridiculous than the first one
Fluff and Crack
Alternate Universe
Did I Mention Crack?
Bonding
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Coming Untouched
Armor Kink
Prostate Massage
Prostate Milking
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Armor sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Rimming
Deepthroating
Face-Fucking
thigh fucking
But in a really loving way
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

