Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Steven jolts awake on the tense arm wrapped around his shoulder, sputtering out sand and— blood? His fingers grope along his face where a dribble of something warm is wetting his chin and upper lip. He gasps, then gags on the overwhelming intrusion of air, and hiccups once, loudly. Layla's hand comes down hard on his mouth, smothering his breath and, quite honestly, the swift and unmerciful tide of blather that threatens to drown him whenever a sympathetic eye turns his way. And now, under Layla's insistent grip and strong, clever fingers, Steven knows the compulsion to chit chat would be impossible to sit on. Like a worm impaled on a hook, the only way forward he'd ever known was to wriggle and squirm himself out of his own discomfort. He would wag his tongue until he was free or else plunge himself deeper into the point of agony. He swallowed his distress and craned his head to stare at Layla with what he hoped was reserve and gentle chastisement, but feared was less than dignified as he felt his eyes watering over with tears from suppressed hiccups. Layla released him from her grip, which Steven missed entirely too soon. If she hadn't had him all but slung over her lap, he'd be in swoon. She looked at him, not unkindly. "Steven?" She rested her fingers tentatively on his shoulder, speaking softly. Steven smiled. "I might've had a kip for a minute or two. But, uh, where— where exactly are we?" He swiveled his head around, then hastily retracted it into his shoulders like a turtle. Despite the time of night and the light of recent events, they were implanted in a bustling thoroughfare. He gulped the saffron-tinged air, the swish of fabric and grain making him shrink. He'd loved being part of the crowd, once upon a time. Often, the crush of people could surprisingly uplift a chap. Steven knew he was lonely, that people didn't usually seek intimate moments with strangers. But there was a sort of social contract on the tube or park bench. No matter what Steven did—drool on a commuter's jumper or rhapsodize to the golden man—the world just didn't. Steven was used to nonreaction, to no one receiving his profuse, unbridled signals. See me, you see me? Look my way, look, look over here. But it had all changed, hadn't it? It'd gone all topsy turvy. Now, the world demanded his attention, screaming for him to listen and to be used. Listen to me, Steven Marc had sneered. Give up your body, Steven Khonshu hissed. But both of them were gone, as far as Steven could tell. And as much as he told himself that he wasn't gutted, that he was just fine, thank you, the hole from their unsettling silence still clung to his belly. He vehemently wanted to miss the life where he was a telegraph key tapping out babbles of code into an unfeeling universe. But he didn't. And it made the hole grow deeper. Layla pinched his elbow, eyebrows raised. "Hey. Stopping nodding off. We're almost there." "Wha—" Before Steven could open his mouth wider, she gathered him up firmly and walked him down the narrow street like he was sluggish Corgi. Steven let himself be jelly in her arms and closed all further inquiry with a savage mental kick. He tried not to enjoy the scent of her hair too much. ****He was alone, again. Trapped under scratchy hotel linen. And a bad boner.And it wasn't supposed to be this sort of big thing, right? He's bloody well got a right to have a boner. It's just, it's been a while. Since he, you know. With someone or himself. But here was his moment of freedom, however fleeting it was. Who knew what tomorrow would bring to disturb the cool quiet space padding his mind this very moment. No niggling sense of being watched by a giant bird. No whispers that pleaded or prodded, teased or demanded. It was, in truth, the first real vacation Steven Grant had ever had. He took inventory of the situation at hand because in his heart of hearts, he was an Englishman. And if he had the gall to be flummoxed, he might as well try to take some account of the ordeal and wring some sense out of it, if for nothing else but to set his mind at ease. One. His name is Steven. Of course.Two. He can't jack off. Bugger.Three. The open window is letting in a breeze that's just on the uncomfortable side of cool, and it's making his nipples stiff. The ventilation does nothing, however, to alleviate the scratchiness of the sheets. Four. Layla's room shares the wall the head of his bed leans against, and he can hear her gentle snoring.Five. He hasn't had sex since he was twenty-four. If he searches his memories for inspired horniness, he comes up with a blank. It's not like the history doesn't exist, it's only that the particular good times he's had were not remarkably good. He's not not the sort of bloke who jacks off to nothing is he? There has to be something, anything, to uncoil the tightening belt of unease and confusion squeezing his stomach. Six. He touches his dick. He just sort of holds it in a loose fist, fingers too d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steven Grant & Marc Spector
Steven Grant/Marc Spector
Layla El-Faouly & Steven Grant

freeform: 
Masturbation
but with character introspection ya feel me
Resurrection
of sorts
Steven-centric
Marc Is Trying His Best
Layla keeps the one braincell for herself because she's a good girl
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Steven Grant & Marc Spector
Steven Grant/Marc Spector
Layla El-Faouly & Steven Grant

