Work Text:
Hier steh ich an den Marken meiner Tage – Here I stand at the Mile-Stone of My DaysHe spoke German, of course. He even sounded native—he had a slightly strange accent, but it could easily be attributed to one or other far-away region. Germany was coalesced by so many different people, the language shifted a little within its borders. Erik’s own accent was a little off, and he had been born in Germany, if up against the Swiss border. His eyes were certainly blue enough to be Arian, his skin dove-white pale, even if his hair was dark. It was, Erik thought, the way he moved that was rather peculiar. He had a militarized air, certainly, but not the movements of a soldier. “Strategist,” the boy-man answered when he asked. “Although I did go through boot-camp.” “That’s reassuring,” Erik released smoke through slightly parted lips, eyes fixed on the boy’s shockingly blue eyes. “You’ll know to run when they find you out.” “There’s no need for that,” the boy chided, not amused, composed as an Englishman can never fail to be. “I have been running in and out of the line for months, and I haven’t yet been caught.” “You will as soon as they hear that accent of yours.” “I don’t speak English openly, Mr. Klein. Now to the point, if you may?”There was something there—something in the boy’s too-blue eyes, almost turquoise, on his masculine yet soft jawline, in his too-long slender neck. “How do you not draw everyone’s eyes right away? You’re certainly not inconspicuous. Spies don’t have your eyes.” “I don’t look many people in the eye,” the strategist looked slightly exasperated now. “Do my looks really bother you this much, Mr. Klein?” Not in the least, Erik thought, and smiled like a wound. Oxford was the kind of boyish man someone like Erik would enjoy drawing in, playing with. But Oxford was also an English strategist deep behind enemy lines, and he was Erik’s contact with the British army, so there would be no playing about. Even if his eyes were alluringly blue, and his lips too full for a man, and he had precisely the kind of throat Erik liked to bite. Effeminate, however, was not the word Erik would apply to him. “About Bastogne,” he started, tapping his cigarette against the ashtray and looking around the damp basement. Oxford wrote with quick, sure lines and translated everything into coded gibberish as easily as he breathed, clearly adding his own notations and observations to Erik’s. “Why send you and not some nameless soldier?” Erik asked when they were done, before he opened the door and they parted ways. “I don’t send someone to do something I won’t do myself,” Oxford replied, blue eyes stark against his pale skin, lips too red, too red. Erik nodded wordlessly and took the street in the opposite direction. +++They met again two weeks later, and there was a new wound over Oxford’s right eyebrow, deep enough that it would leave a scar. It suited him, Erik thought.  “It makes you recognizable,” Erik said, gesturing at the scar with the tip of his lit cigarette. “Identifiable marks like that don’t suit a spy.” “We’re at war,” Oxford leveled him with a steady look. He was too serious and severe to be this young. He couldn’t possibly be over thirty years old. It was always the young ones, Erik mused silently, thinking of the other four contacts he’d had before this boy, thinking of their unburied bodies lying helpless waiting to be the feast of vultures.  Oxford was still speaking, cultured accent clipped and firm. “Wounds and scars are an everyday thing now.” “Won’t your lover mourn your pretty face?” Erik asked, grinning like a crocodile. “She’s a nurse in a hospital,” Oxford answered distractedly, looking down at his notes. “I’m certain she knows how to cope with scars.” “What’s her name?” Erik asked, smoke drifting from his nostrils. Oxford pinned him with his eyes. “She doesn’t have one.” Erik grinned, letting his head roll back and reaching up to open the fastening of his uniform collar, relaxing into the chair. “You’re too serious, my boy. Life is short.”“Shorter for some,” Oxford said quietly, lifting his head to look at the window, glass panes invisible beneath the wood paneling. “Have you heard anything from the people that have gone missing?”Erik clenched his fist beneath the table, swallowing. “I’m not of enough rank to know about that. Yet.” “It’s not just the Jewish anymore,” Oxford’s eyes were almost electrical blue in the dimness if the room. “They are also taking men who fancy other men, women who fancy other women, gypsies, and more. It seems as though everything Hitler finds undesirable goes to the relocation camps.”“And then?” Erik stared at the covered window, eyes half lidded, stomach twisting, heart racing. “I wonder,” Oxford murmured. +++“My family has left Germany,” Erik said, a month and a half later as Oxford un-winded a long scarf from around his neck. “Do they need assistance?” Oxford asked carefully, sitting down. “Do you?”Erik dismissed the matter with a wave of his hand. “I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
WWII AU
spies and liaisons

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

