Chapter 1: The first day
    




Chapter Text
Charles feels the first wave of heat hit him when he's in the middle of purchasing supplies for his latest experiment. Sod this, he waited weeks for the minerals, he won't leave them behind now just because of some stupid biological issues. He should be fine for another hour, two hours at least. It's plenty of time to finish his purchase and head back to the estate.
And, well, it would have been, too, but then he unconsciously takes the road where the bookstore is, and stops there for just a minute to look through the newest scientific publications and – how on earth did it become two hours later, that can't be possible!
He has been ignoring the building tension and warmth in his body in favor of concentrating on that fascinating article in this journal and so the second wave hits him as a bit of a surprise. He rather unceremoniously drops the journal and hurries out of the door, determined to get back to the safety of his own rooms in time.
Everyone knows what happens to unclaimed Omegas who are so reckless as to venture outside alone while in heat. Waking up mated to an Alpha who happened to be in the vicinity is the best-case-scenario and he has heard enough gruesome tales of Omegas who have been raped and left behind to last him a lifetime. He's been avoiding this fate quite easily so far, which is not very hard when you live in a giant mansion and tend to spend your days holed up either in the library or in your study.
He's not even a quarter of a mile deep into the woods surrounding the estate when the third wave hits him – it's beginning for real, now. The tremors start and the heat spreads through his whole body and won't subside and his clothes are feeling constricting and itchy. Normally, this would be his cue to curl up in bed and slip out of rational thinking for the next three days until he surfaces again in a bed with fresh sheets and a lot of water and comfort food on his bedside table. He's eternally grateful for Mrs McCloud who cares for him (and all other unbound Omegas on the estate) during such times.
Well, not this time. His legs are so shaky, they just give out under him and he barely makes it to the side of the road on his hands and knees, hiding behind some bushes in the last feeble attempt of self-preservation he's able to manage before he just collapses to the ground with a groan.
He feels too hot and too cold at the same time, slipping in and out of consciousness a few times before he finally goes under as the sun sets.
The last things he remembers before loosing coherency are warm and strong hands lifting him up and a gruff voice muttering, "What a goddamn fool goes for a walk in the woods when he knows his heat is coming on?"
His nose tells him Alpha, yes, good, secure and he feels instinct taking over his brain with a force like never before. He doesn't mind, though.
Well. He didn't mind back then during the heat – he does mind quite a bit waking up next to a virtual stranger three days later in a room in the tavern in town with a bonding bracelet on his wrist.
This is what he has learned happened during the time he was in heat:
Erik Lehnsherr, that's what he's called, is on his way back home from a market day where he was selling his baskets. Then he catches the scent of Charles by the side of the road and like any self-respecting previously unbound Alpha simply has to aid him in this time of need. So he takes him back to the tavern in town where they are, of course, prepared for this sort of thing and also know Charles' name and that his family will pay for all expenses.
Once in such close proximity to an available Alpha Charles' body can't rest until he's mated, of course. He wishes he had some memories that are a bit more detailed than a vague sense of being cared for and feeling the awful tension of heat melt away for the first time in … forever, actually. He's not overly sore, either. All of this tells him that Lehnsherr must have treated him right, but that doesn't help his frustration at being trapped in the life of an Omega mated to a commoner.
His mother and stepfather seem rather relieved to see him go, and the one bag of possessions he has been allowed to take is far too small (he longs to take his entire library – how can he part from any of his beloved books?) and far too heavy simultaneously (after carrying that blasted thing miles and miles through the landscape - honestly, how does Lehnsherr ever get into Westchester town on a market day? Does he leave in the middle of the night?).
He heaves a long-suffering sigh and shifts the strap of his bag to his other shoulder.
"I can't believe it! Me, former future Earl of Xavier, bonded to a lowly basket maker of all people! All my ancestors must be turning in their graves!" Charles grumbles as he trails sullenly behind his new mate, kicking at stones on the street.
"Shut up, Xavier," the peasant growls, and Charles bristles at the nerve of that bloody commoner.
"That's My L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Raven | Mystique
Ruth Eisenhardt/OMC

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
X-Men First Class Kink Meme
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Romance
Nobility
Mpreg
Spanking
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Switching
Non-Consensual Spanking
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Kid Fic
Influenza
Alpha/Omega
Falling In Love
Friendship
Happy Ending
School
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Raven | Mystique
Ruth Eisenhardt/OMC

