Chapter 1: Oral Fixation
    




Chapter Text
Given her profession, Natasha noticed things most people missed. So, living in a tower with five others, she found herself naturally picking up on their unique traits and quirks. For instance, Steve would eat all of one type of food on his plate before moving onto the next and Bruce would only sit at the end of the couch and never in the middle.  These great skills in observation are what led her to be the first to discover Tony’s oral fixation. 
She’d first noticed it working for Stark as Natalie Rushman when she’d found him in his office reading over legal documents while sucking on the end of a pen. Since then, she’d spotted him do it with kitchen utensils, screwdrivers—even on the edge of a blanket once during movie night. His favorite thing to suck or nibble on, though, was his thumb. It was something she’d caught him doing multiple times while deep in thought or when seemingly alone and exhausted after a long day’s work.
Almost always, Tony would be struck with the sudden realization of what he was doing and try to slyly hide the fact. Natasha never brought it up, sticking to silent observation. Rogers, however, once admonished him for chewing on the thumb of his dirty armor after a particularly grueling mission. His face had gone red, but he quickly played if off with a snide comment about mother henning.
These occurrences are what stopped her from being shocked when she entered Stark’s workshop this afternoon. He’d taken her widow’s bites earlier that day mumbling to himself about “finetuning”, “re-routing power”, and “packing a Hulk sized punch” before shouting over his shoulder the time to come pick them up.
She smirked to herself as she stepped into the lab to see Tony slumped over his worktable. DUMM-E chirped at her as she crept up next to the sleeping man. Leave it to Tony to overwork himself. As she got a better look at him, her face softened. Tony had his thumb firmly placed on his mouth and was lazily sucking on it. 
“Hey, Stark,” she gently placed a hand on his back. “Stark, time to get up and get to an actual bed.”
“Wah?” tired, confused eyes blinked open and landed on her.
“Hi.”
Tony shot up, yanking his thumb out of his mouth while Natasha gave a bemused smile. He wiped the drool coming out the side of his mouth on his arm as he stumbled over himself, “N—Nat. Hey! Uh. What are you—what time is it?”
Tony Stark blubbering over his words, she’d seen it so few times that it could be counted on one hand. 
“It’s 5pm.”
He inconspicuously rubbed his thumb dry on his shirt, “Oh. Oh yeah! Here’s your widow’s bites!” He picked up the twin weapons that had been sitting in front of him and passed them to her. “The cooling system has been modified to allow for increased power without causing overheating.”
As he rambled on, she couldn’t help but feel maybe it was finally time to let him know she knew about his oral needs. Maybe then he would be less shy about hiding it, at least around her. If it brought him comfort, who was she to judge?
“Give it a try in the training room and let me know how they work and if anything feels off.”
“I’m sure they work perfectly. Thanks, Tony.” She stood there and continued to smirk at him.
“Yes? Something else you need, Red?”
“Are we just not going to talk about it?”
He turned back to a piece of machinery on his desk and began tinkering with it. Purposely not giving her eye contact, she noted. “Hm? About what?”
She shrugged, “That’s okay. I’m fine with ignoring it if that makes you more comfortable. Just know that I don’t judge you either way for it.”
There was a slight red tint to his ears now, “Don’t know what you’re talking about. Sure, you’re not the sleep deprived one?”
“Have it your way then,” she said, running a hand through his soft hair before turning to leave. “Go to bed early, Tony.”
“I still don’t know what you’re talking about!” he yelled after her.
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
A week passed by after that in which Tony continued to put random things in his mouth. Only now, after noticing what he was doing, he’d immediately turn mortified eyes towards Natasha to see if she’d noticed. Of course, she did, but she continued as always; not saying anything and acting with indifference. Unfortunately, his knowledge of her knowing seemed to be causing him greater distress and that is the last thing she wanted.
While online she came across a surprising find and something she thought might be helpful to him. After a bit of mental debating, she ordered it and JARVIS let her know when her package arrived. It was something she knew needed to be hand delivered to Tony who, as always, was down in his workshop. She entered the genius’ space, music blaring at levels she did not understand how he found bearable. 
Unlike the last time she’d come down here, she did not immediately spot him at his workbench. Instead, he was on the floor working under one of his many cars. The combination of his hyper focus, loud music, and Natasha’s nat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Pacifiers
Wetting
Diapers
Team as Family
tony gets babied
Little!Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Infantilism
Thumb-sucking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

