Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 

 



Fall 2024

You were out of touch with the world and everything that was going on in it, which had to be a lot - it was always a lot. 
You finally mustered up the courage to leave your new home, scratch that apartment, nothing and no one was ever going to be home to you again.
You were done, done looking at the brighter side of things like Tony told you to do, you should have listened to Natasha, love was for children and you were so young when you fell in love with him, and the two of you were most certainly not children anymore.
Life was hard, you always knew it would be but you never in a hundred years expected your path to go the way it did. 
How did you get it so wrong? You couldn’t stop thinking maybe you shouldn’t have mustered up the courage to talk to the boy next door when you were an adolescent, that you should have just let it be and maybe you wouldn’t have been sucked into the whirlpool that was your life. 
That maybe you would have found a husband, had a couple of children and died at 80 like everyone you had ever known did. 







Keep reading


When you appeared out of thin air, you knew with everything you were made of nothing was right or where it should be and when that door in the white room opened up and Steve walked thru you couldn’t help but laugh, did you really die of heart ache and go to heaven, because that made more sense then it being 2011 when you could have sworn two seconds ago it was 1945 and Steve was dead. 
And you were waiting anxiously for Bucky to walk in the door Steve came through, because if he was dead, and you were dead, Bucky had to have been there too right?
Wrong.
You were oh so very wrong because it wasnt heaven, it was some safehouse on the outskirts of New York that some government agency called SHIELD occupied, and Bucky was still dead, Steve wasn't and neither were you.
 
 













···




Fall 2012

“Were going to be okay y/n/n, i promise” His hand reached out to squeeze yours 


You gave him the best smile you could “How is any of this okay Steve? I have no idea how I’m here or why? I just went out for a walk after that lady told me about you and next thing i know im here? And you're here, you're supposed to be dead” You were standing up now and rain was hammering against the window “And he's still gone, how is that fair? How is this okay?” 


A man burst into the room you were in “If you don’t calm her down were gonna be under water here in a few seconds”


Your eyes shot back to Steve “What's he talking about?”


Steve sighed and stood up off the chair “I haven't told her yet” 


The man rolled his eyes and adjusted his stance to face you “Look sleeping beauty, i know this is a lot, i get that i truly do, i feel for you, but we’re beating around the bush here”


“Stark” Steve warned 


The man waved him off, his brown eyes still staring into yours “You have powers, yes super powers, abilities whatever you wanna call em”


A crackle of thunder boomed from above you. 


He gave you a reassuring smile as he pointed to the window “All that, is you, your doing that”


Your mouth parted, you shook your head and averted your stare to Steve “He’s telling the truth y/n”


“I always am”


You took a step towards the window looking outside, you could feel it inside you, you closed your eyes, taking a deep breath, watching 

his

 smile play out behind your eyes. 


You felt them both behind you, Stark spoke “Pretty cool aint it”


Opening your eyes you see the rain dried up, a rainbow taking its place in the sky. 


Steve smiled at you, placing an arm around your shoulder he whispered in your ear “For Bucky”














···




You weren’t sure how you felt about that memory, you were so greatful at the time to at least have one of your boys back in your life. And you were so happy to have a new one, Tony meant so much to you, he was one of the best people you had the pleasure of meeting in your century long life. 
But of course that didn't last long, nothing good ever does. 
You thought after what Tony kept telling you that this was ’it’, this was the big fight, the fight of your lives, you thought maybe you would have been able to pull a win out of thin air like the team always seemed to do even in a last second ditch effort. But that was when the team was whole, and not scattered, tossed around carelessly.
As you were on a planet in outer fricken space, you watched everyone slowly turn to dust, as the fight you thought for sure you’d win scatter into thin air like everyone seemed to be doing. You held onto Peter’s hand offering any support you could, but when he was gone your started to feel it. 













···






Summer 2018


“Tony” you voice was hoarse

He looked up from the spot Peter just was, your hand still where his left yours “No”


“I’m sorry”


Realization dawned in his eyes, leaning forward picking your hand up “No kid, not you too”


You watched your hand turned to dust “Its okay, its okay” 











[starting tags]
relationship: 
tasm!peter parker x reader
Peter Parker x Reader
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Peter Parker/You

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
tasm!peter parker x reader
Peter Parker x Reader
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Peter Parker/You

