Chapter 1



Notes:
bee sent me this with the caption "this would be cw bucky texting sam as hes running thru europe" and then i wrote this over discord dms this morning lmao as always, comments are very much appreciated <3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
They’re somewhere in Belarus when Sam’s phone chimes.Steve had gotten some new intel from God knows where saying there’d been a possible sighting of Bucky here, and Sam had tagged along despite knowing good and well that it’s bad intel. Last Bucky had told him, he was headed to Italy.He knows this is going to leave Steve disappointed as always, but he also knows he has no chance of getting Steve to stop checking out every lead despite any protesting on Sam’s part. More than anything, though, he knows that Bucky isn’t ready to see Steve, and maybe even that Steve isn’t quite ready to see Bucky.He is, admittedly, a little bummed he didn’t get the touristy vacation to Florence Bucky had promised, but Steve’s puppy dog eyes are just a little too sad not to follow him to Belarus, making plans to find a man who desperately doesn’t want Steve to find him.“Need to grab that?” Steve asks, his ears perked up at the chime.“Probably not,” Sam says, but he checks his phone anyways, just in case it’s Sarah.The number on his screen isn’t saved to his phone and has a country code he doesn’t recognize, which means Bucky’s got a new burner. Sam thanks his past self for the forethought to turn off text previews after Bucky first started texting him a few weeks ago; he’s learned by now that new burner phones always come with a horribly cheesy sext, and Steve’s been staring straight at his screen since he went to check the message. Sam puts his phone back in his pocket, message unread.“Who’s that? Why don’t you have the number saved?” Steve asks, obviously painfully curious. Sam just kind of shrugs him off, momentarily very glad he got a lot of practice in lying about talking to boys when he was younger. “Some girl I was flirting with a couple of countries back in a bar. Exchanged numbers, but I’m still not so sure about her, so I haven’t saved it yet.” Steve raises his eyebrows. “You gonna read it?”Sam shakes his head. “Nah, too busy right now. Like I said, I’m not sure about her yet.” He figures the safest way to distract from Sam’s text from Bucky is to switch over to talking about Steve’s favorite subject: Bucky. “So you said you heard there was an old HYDRA base here? Working on an entrance strategy yet? Don’t want to scare him off.”Steve immediately forgets about the text and launches into some plan that Sam knows is going to leave his back aching tomorrow. He puts the text into the back of his mind and inputs strategy into Steve’s plan where he’s missing it, tries not to feel guilty that he knows for a fact they won’t find the Winter Soldier there.He doesn’t get to actually open the text until they go to bed, Sam holed up in his shitty hostel bunk. It’s a picture of an ass, and Sam’s eyes widen. They’d been sexting for weeks, sure, but they hadn’t progressed to pictures just yet. He blinks before he realizes it’s not actually Bucky’s ass, but one made out of literal white marble.  davids ass aint got nothing on urs, sweetheart,  the caption says.  wish i was staring @ urs instead. As always, it’s cheesy as hell, but Sam would be lying if he says he isn’t into it. Sarah always did tell him he had the absolute worst taste in men, and he’s never been able to successfully argue. Bucky had sent that text a good while ago, but they haven’t texted in a while, and Sam wants this to keep going. He’s sure Bucky’s still awake despite the late hour anyways, so he sends back, and what exactly are you gonna do with my ass once you do see it, buck? hope you’re not just gonna stare. Whatever phone Bucky’s using most definitely does not have iMessage, so Sam doesn’t have proof that he’s texting back right away, but he knows him well enough by now to wait a minute or two; he’d be damn surprised if Bucky doesn’t send something back that’s almost embarrassingly thirsty.Sure enough, Sam gets a text back a little over a minute later:  id stare enuff, sweet<3,  a weird mixture of text slang Sam’s still getting used to.  but after id lay u down nd eat ur ass 4 hrs, til ur beggin 4 it. Sam knows more is coming, so he spares a moment to be thankful for the little sheet keeping anyone from seeing into his bunk and slowly reaches his hand down into his boxers, waiting for whatever 2005-esque sext Bucky’s going to send next. Instead he gets,  put in ur earphones, angel,  and Sam’s confused, but he does as he’s asked. About thirty seconds later, he gets an incoming call. “Don’t worry, sweetheart,” Bucky says when Sam picks up the phone. “You don’t gotta say nothing at all. Just listen to me for a bit, doll.”Sam’s breathing a little heavily already, but he hopes it’s nothing too noticeable to anyone else. He brings his hand up to his mouth and l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Sexting
Phone Sex
Dirty Talk
Sam Finds Bucky Before Civil War
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fisting
Bottom Sam Wilson

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

