Chapter 1: The job interview
    




Chapter Text
 "You know you can stay, don't you schatz? There's no big hurry.."
"I know mum. - Erik smiled as he looked at the endless array of filled plates the woman was placing in front of him. Not even an army would have been able to consume that breakfast, but that was Edie's way: whatever happened to her, she cooked and there was nothing that satisfied her more than seeing her son's jaw move. - But I'm going to have to use that degree sometime, aren't I? And the more time goes by, the more my stock goes down..."
It wasn't exactly the truth but Erik couldn't say exactly what he thought. His father had died many years before and it was only thanks to that woman's hard work that Erik had been able to enroll in college instead of ending up as a clerk at McDonald's. 
But Edie would always feed on guilt. No matter that Erik would point out to her that the three jobs she had held at the same time had allowed him many things he could never have dreamed of, Edie would still dwell on the fact that she had never been home and had neglected him.
Erik hadn't spent much time with his mother, but he knew that, however little, it had been a wonderful time and he wouldn't trade his life, and his mum, for anyone else's.
It was time for him to do his part.
It was time for him to become independent. 
Shaw's group was the most important publishing house in Los Angeles. It owned several newspapers and magazines in various fields. Every young journalism graduate hoped to start working there, and Erik was no different.
Moreover, journalism was not Erik's first area of interest. Throughout his childhood and adolescence he had found himself alone a lot, which had led him to become an avid reader and an aspiring writer. His passion for Stephen King had naturally led him to start experimenting with the horror genre and he had written a number of short stories, which were published under a pseudonym in his high school newspaper.
In the folder under his arm, Erik had also included the only book he had ever managed to finish. Getting a job with Shaw's group would have been very satisfying, but getting the work published would have been incredibly lucky.
Some of his friends had advised him not to put everything on the scale already, but to aim for the lowest prize and then make the climb from the inside, but Erik was confident enough to border on arrogance. Life had taught him that the only things you could achieve were those you took for yourself.
The interview was directly with the owner of the editorial house.
Sebastian Shaw was known as a publishing shark who did not disdain unconventional working methods and was a perfect centraliser. He liked to rule his kingdom like a tyrant and control every little aspect of his business. In fact, he was one of the few principals who personally conducted the hiring interviews of every single employee who crossed the threshold of his company.
Erik ignored the cramp in his stomach when he heard his name spoken by Mr Shaw's pretty secretary and masked his nervousness with a firm, determined walk.
The office was huge and extremely luxurious. The man sat with his legs crossed in an expensive dark leather chair. He was at least two decades older than Erik, with short ash-blond hair and a face with small, cold eyes that immediately relaxed as soon as Erik walked through the office door.
At a nod from the man, the boy sat down in a chair opposite him, resting his briefcase on his long legs and trying to sustain a slow, appreciative look that made him feel suddenly uncomfortable. He didn't like the man at all but that was the hurdle he had to overcome to get the job. He had to put on a good face.
"Mr. Lehnsherr right? - The man had a low, mellifluous voice that only added to Erik's irritation. He merely nodded, deciding to give Shaw as little interaction as possible. - I'm presuming you're here because of the position we opened in the fashion department..."
Erik had never been interested in fashion.
"No sir. Unless the journalist position you offered was for that field..."
"No, actually we were interested in a journalist for foreign policy... - Shaw broke into a slimy smile that sickened Erik to his core. - But I didn't think a good-looking guy like you would be interested in journalism..."
"I have a degree in that field...sir..."
Shaw motioned to hand him the folder. Erik was already thinking about explaining the nature of its contents when Shaw opened a drawer in one fluid motion and made it disappear inside without so much as a glance.
Erik felt a vein bulge in his neck and began to think about some breathing exercises that would help him calm down. He wasn't doing well at all.
'What if I told you that the pay in the fashion industry is much higher?' - Shaw tilted his head and searched Erik's body a couple of times. The boy immediately regretted choosing that slightly too tight white shirt. God, nothing had prepared him to play the part of the harassed girl at 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Sebastian Shaw

freeform: 
Poor Erik Lehnsherr
Sebastian Shaw Being an Asshole
Extremely Dubious Consent
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Dubiously Consensual Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Sebastian Shaw

