Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Well, that was quick,” commented Deputy Director Fury, his attention suddenly caught by one of the video feeds. The scene was of a pair of combatants sparring in the nearly empty gym.
“But not at all surprising. She was brought up by Lian and has been training to fight since she could just about walk,” said Director Carter dismissively after a short glance at the sight. Melinda May had just taken down her sparring partner and had a foot resting lightly on the chest of the man who was on his back on the mat. She knew that Melinda had never lost a fight since she started at the Academy.
“Not what I’m talking about,” said Fury with a slight frown, focusing on the scene.
“What do you mean, Nick? We already know that she can take down several men even bigger than that by herself in less than 2 minutes flat,” stated Carter with some annoyance. They had a lot of work to get done and she was getting irritated at Fury’s procrastinating tactics. Melinda May was small in stature but incredibly lethal in force and she assumed that one of the other male cadets had underestimated her again. There had already been several men who had done that including Fury himself, who found out first hand how painful that could be.
“No, Director. I’m talking about that look,” Fury replied, rewinding the recent feed on another screen and zooming in for a close up of the faces.
Director Carter took note of the tone of Fury’s voice and watched the tape he pulled up. The figures had moved fast and Melinda had just dropped the cadet Peggy recognized as Phil Coulson, the one Nick Fury had personally recruited. He landed hard on the mat and Melinda stood over him triumphantly.
“Damn,” whispered Carter, who had now seen what Nick Fury was pointing out.
The unmistakable look of pure love and devotion on Phil Coulson’s expression as he gazed up at his sparring partner. His smile up at her was radiant even though he’d likely be sporting multiple bruises from their sparring. Melinda May’s tiny but visibly genuine smile back down at him. Carter and Fury could feel the strong bond between the two young cadets even from just watching it on the screen.  Their chemistry together was scorching and they were simply looking at each other. Unaware that they were being observed closely, Phil and Melinda had resumed their sparring session without missing a beat. Phil had only been down for a few seconds.
“They’ve just met here?” asked Carter, combing a hand through her hair tiredly.
“As far as we all know, Phillip J Coulson and Melinda QiaoLian May met at orientation at the SHIELD Academy a few weeks ago,” confirmed Fury.
They were both silent, Peggy Carter’s thoughts now completely derailed from her current tasks. They both knew the costs and sacrifices of working for SHIELD. It was a dangerous life and having close attachments among agents were not encouraged because being involved could severely compromise one’s judgements in critical situations. She had personally recruited Melinda and was confidant in the woman’s ability to go far as an agent. She knew that Nick considered Coulson his protégé. Both of them were exceptional and ambitious young people and they were quite obviously in love with each other.
“Looks like this time the rumour mill wasn’t that far off the mark,” remarked Nick dryly.
“Do you think that they will be up for advancing far in SHIELD and what we have planned for them? Hmmm, Lian is probably not going to be pleased,” reflected Peggy.
“I don’t think any of us have a say in what happens in their relationship, even Lian May. But it could make things a lot harder for them,” sighed Nick.
“Or just maybe it will make them stronger together,” said Peggy.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May

freeform: 
Academy Era

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May

