Chapter 1: New beginnings
    




Chapter Text
A cold wind blows.Its icy touch colliding with the hot metal that had just landed there. This metal was huge and purple in color,from it a singular yellow dot appeared to spark out of nowhere.
"groan" "wh-where am I?" wondered the metal machine.
"what is this place?", The machines name was Shockwave,and he had already had enough of this new trick he suspected the autobots pulled on him. However this was no trick he truly was somewhere entirely new.
From the right of his eye he noticed a glow. A glow unlike any other,not even a glow alike to the sun for this was even more magnificent. It was a throne,from it he noticed to what appeared to be symbols on said throne.
"This is the throne of the primes!" He exclaimed in what little emotion he had left in his spark for that was lost long ago.
"How can this be, it was said to be myth"
On the throne he noticed what appeared to be groves and holes all over it,as if something was meant to be placed in it.
"Shockwave" said a faded and quiet voice
"Who's there?,who calls me?" he said as he looks around hoping to find the source of the voice,with no apparent luck.
"Shockwave" whispered the voice again. This time Shockwave able to identify its source immediately by merely turning his head away from the throne.
"I've had enough of these autobot games!" he exclaimed in annoyance as he approached the source of the whispering voice. However when he approached,he found nothing the but what appeared to be a sarcophagus.Trying to piece together his thoughts from the already disorienting wake he had,along with the confusion of the voice,he thought it best to merely observe the sarcophagus. This would only last but a moment as the sarcophagus would loudly open itself to him. The noise of the scraping rock and metal nearly deafening amongst the sea of silence that surrounded him. From it emits an ocean of purple and green light as it nearly blinds him, only for a moment apparently as the light faded away nearly immediately.
"It cannot be!" He exclaimed,as his eye bared witness.
"The primemaster of liege maximo!" A warm wind blew in from the outside, a refreshing yet comforting thing to her as she lay on the wooden floor. It's warm welcome awakening her nice and gently. Rubbing her eyes as she awoke, she wondered "What was I doing again?"Suddenly  a wave of anger blew over as she realized what she supposed to be doing."Satsuki kiryuuin!!" she exclaimed as she jumped from the floor ready to face her opponent. There was no one there,it was just what appeared to be the empty interior of a nice wooden cabin. "Where is she!" she yelled as she bust down the door,knocking it from its hinges effortlessly. As soon as the door fell she was blinded from the outdoor sunlight. It immediately desipated however as a long shadow covered it blocking it out from sight. However it took Ryuko Matoi mere seconds to realize not only was something blocking the sunlight but whatever was would be immediately making contact with her. "CRASH!!" Everything goes flying through the air including ryuko her self,only being able yell "WHAT THE HELL?" Barely being able to land on the palm of her feet. She looks over to see what on earth had nearly crushed her. It was a metal man or what appeared to be a metal man,it was shaped like a human. One head, two arms, and two feet sure,but still it had all these sharp ends and was that mask or its real face? "No time for questions" she thought to herself as she sprinted over yelling "Hey asshole!!,what the hell is the big idea!"
A bright flash of purple light beams its self all they way to ryuko in seconds.She dodges it but by the skin of her teeth,stopping her in her footsteps as the very heat it emits nearly burns her alive.
The metal man rises screaming "Stay out of this!". Tarn who was once a giant to humans,is now nearly the size of one himself. Quickly bouncing back on his feet and jumping in the air using the propulsion of his double fusion canon,he leaps away from the gaping hole he left in the cabin and away from ryuko,towards the beast that threw him there in the first place, a Green dragon.
The titan of a beast realeses its gaseous attack of a breath upon him,quickly evading its attack,he again he leaps towards the dragon from right side,charging a blow with his fusion canons,but before shot is fired the beast quickly turns to its rear smacking him with his tail across the forest field the fight upon.
Flying through dozens of trees, his momentum stopped by a giant boulder the dragon quickly closes the distance landing its full body weight and talons upon his chest nearly piercing his spark.
"This was quite the show my metal friend" speaks the dragon with its earily similar voice to his."But alas all good things come to end eventually, wouldn't you say." As the beast prepares its final breath attack that would disintegrate tarn a scream is heard ."Life fiber synchronize,kamui senketsu!
A red slash fades in from acros
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Multiple Crossovers
Crack Crossover
Action/Adventure
Action & Romance
Inspired by The Hunger Games
Penis In Vagina Sex
Blood and Injury
Blood and Violence
Blood and Gore
Magical Artifacts
Quests
Sibling Bonding
Jealousy
War
Civil War
Ultimate Sacrifice
Character Death
Major Character Injury
Major Character(s)
Confusion
Amnesia
Size Difference
Magic Cock
Personal Growth
Memory Alteration
Memory Loss
Sex Magic
Multiverse

fandom: 
None
