Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A groan slipped through Peter’s lips as he gained consciousness, a pain shooting through his ribs as he sat up, a reminder of the crimes he had stopped the night before. He looked around, making sure his web shooters were on and ready to be fired. He took note of the silhouettes on the floor, all of them still unconscious. Eventually, he counted ten figures and moved on, scanning the room for an exit. He found none.He had just started to walk along the walls of the room, dragging his hands on the wall in search of a way out, when he heard somebody moving. He spun around, ready to shoot webs at them if they attacked. He watched as they sat up and looked around, freezing when they saw Peter’s shadow.“You’re Tony’s kid, Spider-man?”Peter’s breath hitched, both at the mention of Tony and the familiar voice.“Captain”Steve stood up and started to walk closer, raising his hands in surrender when Peter didn’t lower his web shooters. “It’s just me..”Peter scoffed, watching Steve’s hands carefully. “Forgive me for not trusting somebody who abandoned their friends. Besides, you’re supposed to be dead so you’re almost definitely not you”Steve winced but kept walking. “I’m not going to hurt you, kid. I wouldn’t of left if the world wasn’t safe-“He was cut of by a humorless laugh from Peter. “You thought the world was safe? Why do you think i’m being so mistrusting right now, Captain?”Steve stopped, considering his words. Peter sighed and lowered his arms, too tired to argue with a 100 year old man. “Do you know how we got here?” Steve shook his head, lowering his hands as well. Peter jerked his head towards the sleeping people before continuing to walk. “This isn’t me trusting you, you know”“I know.” But it’s a step. Steve crept over to one of the people, sighing in relief when he recognized them as Bucky Barnes. He noted the differences in his friend since they last saw each other. His hair was shorter, he had shaved and seemed to have adapted to modern fashion. He shook Bucky lightly, watching as his eyes fluttered open and he sat up in a panic. “Steve?”He nodded, with a small smile. “How’d you get here? Scratch that, where is here?” Bucky asked, brows furrowed. Steve helped him up quickly and explained everything he knew, which, admittedly wasn’t much. Bucky nodded, taking everything in, before looking over at Peter. Steve moved on to the next person, squeezing Bucky’s wrist before leaving. “Hey Parker” Peter looked around at Bucky and managed a smile, he wasn’t entirely sure what was happening or how they remembered him but he was planning to figure it out.“You know anything Steve doesn’t?” Bucky questioned, shoulders dropping when Peter shook his head. “I think i know less” People weren’t supposed to remember him. That wasn’t the deal. He was supposed to be at home, or fighting criminals somewhere, or working his butt of to pay for rent and food, not stuck in a room with a bunch of people he might not even know. Peter Parker was supposed to be forgotten.“Tony wait-““Kid?”The air left Peter’s lungs immediately, he was vaguely aware of Bucky’s outstretched arm, ready to steady him if he fainted or something. “Nope! This is one to far, who are you?”Guilt flooded Tony as he remembered his state in Peter’s time. “Pete, its okay, it’s me-““NO ITS NOT! WHO ARE YOU?” Peter yelled, losing his patience with his supposed mentor. Other people were getting up now, it made sense, that him and Steve woke first. They had enhanced healing and senses, and Bucky was easy to wake. It all made sense, except for how they got there and how people has risen from the dead.“Peter! I need you to listen to me, you know time travel is real, yeah?”Peter nodded, so he continued. “Now I don’t know how we got here, I don’t know how i’m alive right now, but I know I’m very much real.”Peter’s face was scrunched up, “Can you.. can you prove it?” He asked, an apologetic tone in his voice. Tony just nodded.“You’re Peter Parker, technically we first met at the Stark expo, you were a little kid in an Iron Man helmet who thought they could fight off a drone. I saved you and we didn’t meet again until 2016. I was fighting with Cap and I knew you were Spider-man. I gave you a suit which you decided to hack into… so..” He paused, looking at Peter to see if that was enough. “..Tony?”“Yeah”Peter’s eyes dropped to the floor and Tony rushed forward. “Can i touch you?” Peter nodded hastily and had his first hug in six months, and his first hug with Tony in over a year.A voice rang out from the ceiling, startling Peter out of his trance. He backed out of the hug and looked around warily, building his walls back up.“Before you freak out-““Great way to start a sentence” Clint quipped, making Peter aware of everyone in the room.“Look I’m on the spot here, you’re here to watch the past of one among you. This may be difficult for said person, so if you feel the need to leave and take a breather there is a room to your left.”As they spoke an o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Domestic Avengers
Avengers react
Marvel - Freeform
Peter Parker - Freeform
reaction fic

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

