Chapter 1: Spa Guilt
    




Chapter Text



 
“You’re joking right? There’s no way that I’m stripping down to my birthday-suit just to enter some goddamn spa. We just need to meet our guy, have a chat and then move on, the clothes can stay firmly attached to my sexy body,” corrected Peter Quill as he tried to walk past the large, looming creature, unsure which pair of eyes his brown orbs should gaze into. “You received a suit on your birthday? And you’re wearing it now? I too wish for you to undress, I want to see it,” questioned Drax as he turned his attention away from the overgrown alien towards his captain, already trying to pull on the iconic red-jacket and long-sleeved shirt. The human made an ‘L’ with his right hand to signal the strong slab of grey muscle that he was once again taking things too literally, having to work out the small gesture to keep his bones intact everytime he wished he was dead and was violently tackled to the ground with love and support.
“Was depositing our weapons in the appropriate dispensary not enough? Surely our clothing is the least of your concerns,” commented Thor as he too found the request a little strange, looking over the beast’s frame and noticing all the naked beings within, blushing and averting his eyes ever so slightly. “Hey I was just about to say that! Forget what he just said, pretend I brought up that point. So, why all the rules man? You scared I got a huge bomb in my pants?” redirected the Terran as he pointed towards his bulging crotch, the alien letting out what could’ve been a sigh from one of its numerous vents which dotted its slimy skin. “Look, I’m just the door-guy but its a security-enforced rule. If you want to enter the Crucible’s rest and relaxation quadrant, you gotta be free of any and all material not required for metabolic function. So unless you wanna keep wasting my time, buzz off,” spat the annoyed bouncer as he raised a tentacle and flared the very tip, Odinson chuckling to himself as he recognised the foul meaning of the gesture.
Checking his watch and realising they didn’t have much time at all to make contact with the information broker, Starlord began to undress, making it a point of contention that he was not ashamed of his body in the slightest, a serious expression crossing his bearded face as he allowed his jacket, shirt, rucksack and jeans to drop into a pile by his feet. Drax, having almost nothing on his grey and red body to begin with, removed his thick pants and charged forwards, his impressive manhood hanging like a third leg. “I’ll meet you guys inside, I really gotta empty my bladder of urine!” shouted the hulking ball of strength as he pushed numerous Kree and aliens out of the way, a few shocked shouts emerging from within the spa, the bouncer still hyper-focused on the two humanoid ‘wise guys’ standing before him. 
“I bet you’re a pervert, you enjoy making us strip before you? You like what you see ... dude? I was a cage-dancer you know so I’m used to freaks like you who whack their wet tentacles off to a live show,” moaned Peter in an obnoxious tone, slowly peeling down his underwear while wriggling his ass from side-to-side, chiming a slow and sensual tune as he finally unveiled his family jewels. The bouncer let out another ‘sigh’ from one of its vents, this one even deeper and louder than the last, always seeming to get the entitled pricks whenever he was the on duty. “Let me guess Thor, you’re too modest and proud of a God to undress like the rest of us backwater loser-” began Quill coyly as he slowly turned around and was shocked to see his blonde companion already fully unveiled, his eyes unable to avoid the massive manhood which hung down like a spear, almost choking on his sentence as he was completely caught off guard.
“Looks like he wins in the appendage department. You humanoids are all the same, every single one,” chuckled the bouncer as he clearly recognised the look of envy in the loud Terran’s visage, hoping this would mean a stop to the frustration. “Did you say my name?” asked the blonde Asgardian as he neatly folded his civilian duds, confidently striding towards his equally naked companion, beginning to kneel down to help collect his Captain’s numerous articles of clothing. “No don’t bend down in front of me like that, what the fuck man!” yelped Starlord as he quickly dropped to his knees and scooped up all his loose belongings in both arms, feeling an odd redness cross his face, holding the ‘ball’ of stuff over his crotch as he ascended, making sure not to accidentally brush his head against the protruding ‘hammer’ which was even larger up close.
The slight smell of sweat and pungent musk wafted by Quill’s nose as he rose up off the ground, his frazzled mind ignoring the ever-familiar scent to prevent any more intrusions, once again pissed off that this whole stripping thing was even happening in the first place. He was a goddamn Guardian of the freaking Galaxy, the last thing that should be hol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Starlord/Thor
Peter Quill/Thor Odinson
Thorquill - Relationship

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
Making Out
Making Up
Kissing
Nudity
Naked Cuddling
Pec Rubbing
hickey
Massaging
Touching
Exhibitionism
Raunch
musk
Beefy Bodies
Hard Cocks
Pre-Cum
striptease
Lapdance
Dubious Consent
Drugged Sex
Plants
Egg Laying
Vines
Tentacles
Bulging Belly
Anal Gaping
Anal
Forced Sex
Forced Foreplay
Spitroast
Bound and Restrained
Breeding
Breeding Vessels
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Prostate Milking
Milking
Stretched Holes
nipple sucking

fandom: 
Starlord/Thor
Peter Quill/Thor Odinson
Thorquill - Relationship

