Chapter 1: Addiction
    




Chapter Text
As soon as Phil entered the house, he realized why SHIELD had sent him. At first, the reason hadn’t been exactly clear. It wasn’t like going to check on various agents was a high-risk job; it was something newbies got asked to do, unless the agents were very dangerous. This particular agent was not. But only one look around the darkened apartment, and he knew.He waited while his eyes adjusted to the dark. It was nearly eleven, and not a single light illuminated the home. Still, Phil could see the state of ruin the apartment was in: clothes draped haphazardly across the furniture, rugs covered in garbage, the occasional empty glass bottle throw into a corner.In layman’s terms: Not good.“[Name]?” Phil barely raised his voice as he stepped more deeply inside.If he had been hoping to unearth you, you granted his wish. From the kitchen, he heard a loud crash and then several very shaky footsteps. Then you appeared. Your [color] hair formed wild tendrils around your face, obviously unwashed for who knew how long. Your eyes were glassy, your cheeks pink, and your filthy shirt (which was, Phil could not help but notice, the only thing you had on) covered in what he could only assume was most of the contents of the half-empty beer bottle clutched in your hand.Phil didn’t have to say anything, because the moment you saw him, your mouth popped open. You lifted a shaky hand to your lips, and he watched as your knees quivered.“Oh my god,” you said.“[Name],” Phil began, but your legs gave out before he could continue.“Oh my god.” Phil took a step forward, and you looked up at him to slur, “Am I dead?”He took a deep breath before shaking his head. “No. You’re not dead.”You took one look at the drink in your hand before you threw it across the room. The brown bottle shattered on impact, sending bits of glass skittering across the floor.“Then I’m hallucinating.”“You’re not hallucinating either.”“Oh my god,” you said again, clutching your head between your hands. “I’m drunk. I am so drunk.”“I certainly can’t argue that.”He glanced once behind him at the closed door. When Director Fury had said the incident of his “death” had upset you and that Phil needed to go take of the problem, Phil hadn’t expected things to be quite this bad.Moving carefully, he moved to kneel next to you. “You’ve got a problem.”Instead of protesting this (possibly because you wouldn’t be able to, given the state of things), you just looked up at Phil and burst into tears. He patted you gently on the head until you found the strength to say something.“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. You went off to confront Loki, and I let you go without any backup. If I’d just…” You trailed away and buried your face in your hands, shoulders wracking with your sobs. “And now you’re dead.”Alcohol, Phil mused, was a powerful substance. He’d seen its work on Stark well enough but there was something even more jarring seeing it on you. Before his “disappearance,” Phil could remember you being the kind of person who smiled more than frowned and who always had a wisecrack waiting when someone, even if it was you, screwed up.“I’m not dead,” he said with a soft smile. “I got stabbed, that’s all. Director Fury thought it’d be good for the team if I…took some paid leave. A vacation. He said after ten years it was about time I took one.”Slowly, you removed your hands. The tears made sticky trails through the grime on your cheeks. “You’re not dead?” you whispered.“I’m not dead,” Phil said again.You swallowed and then did something very unexpected:You slapped him.Phil blinked as he pressed one hand to his stinging cheek. “I suppose I deserved that.”Your eyes narrowed, then filled with tears again. He thought you might try to slap him a second time, but instead you did something else surprising: You sat up, wrapped your arms around his neck, and pulled him into a  smelly hug.“I missed you,” you sobbed into Phil’s neck.Phil took a deep breath and patted you gently on the back. “Yes, well, you’re drunk.”You pulled away, sniffed, and managed a smile. “Maybe just a little.”You needed out of this apartment, that much he knew. Director Fury would have to send someone in to clean up the mess. Maybe Natasha could help with finding you some clean clothes. For the moment, Phil didn’t think you were quite ready to hear any that. He doubted your ability to even follow him out the door. After working out the details of the plan in his head, Phil nodded.“Let’s get you cleaned up,” he said.He waited only long enough to see that you had passed out, head lolling against the white painted door frame. Then he picked you up and carried you from the room.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
POV Second Person
Post-Avengers (2012)
SHIELD Agent Reader (Marvel)
Survivor Guilt
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Depression
Grief/Mourning
Partial Nudity
Face Slapping
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Reader's Gender Unspecified
Rehabilitation
Time Skips

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Reader

