Chapter 1: It's a girl!
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
   Sam has been really damn tired and really damn busy. And now, he finally has the perfect excuse to lie flat on his back, have the TV on a dumb channel, and no one will tell him to get off his lazy ass and do something productive.So the situation isn’t all that bad, really.“Fuck, man,” Adam says as he lumbers into his hospital room with a helium balloon bouncing after him. “Scared the heebie-jeebies out of us.” He is leaving muddy footprints. Tori is right behind, notepad in hand. They are both still in uniform. The balloon is pink and says ‘it’s a girl!’ and Sam says “you better be visiting an old friend in the maternity ward right after this because—”Adam grins and tugs at the string. “Grabbed the first thing I saw, but I think it suits you.”They stand at the foot of the bed, both of them, and they are blocking his TV with their stupid big police coats. Tori is already flipping through her notepad with her usual sharp motions. She perfunctorily asks him about his head and then follows up with: “So do you remember all the details from last night?”“Sorry,” Sam says, “is this a friendly visit or detectives on the case?”Her eyes flash. “I’m gonna catch the asshole who stabbed you, and that’s as friendly as you’ll ever get me.”“I remember the details,” Sam says. He had been called to the scene by a colleague who was surveying a clogged up intersection. She had spotted a possible fake license plate on one of the cars. When Sam knocked against the window, the driver had thrown the door open and taken off on foot. Sam pursued him into an underground parking lot where the damn guy got the jump on him: stabbed him in the upper arm, smashed his head into a concrete pillar.Tori hums at his story. “Spider-Man was at the scene.”“Yeah, he was around. Somewhere overhead.”“Huh,” she says and Sam knows that look on her face.“He didn’t stab me, chief. It was the driver.”“Spider-Man was standing right over you when we arrived at the scene. And you said you didn’t get a good look at your attacker.”“No, but I think I would have noticed if he was half my size and dressed in red and blue! Have you ever seen Spider-Man running around with a knife?”“It’s not on profile, no,” Tori agrees. “But for all we know, he could be part of their criminal network.”“Could be,” Sam says, supremely unconvinced. “You two are blocking my program. How am I supposed to have a swift recovery without my shot of Tyra Banks?”Adam steps aside. Tori does not. “I’ll keep you up to date on the case,” she says. “Hope to see you back at work soon.”She leaves.“She’s full of shit,” Adam says as he pulls up a chair. “I mean brimming with shit. I ran in ahead of her. I saw Spider-Man. He was one hundred percent first aid responder-mode, putting pressure on the wound, man, trying to help you. Took off once we got closer, but that doesn’t mean anything: dude is just camera-shy. But you know Tori. She’d rather let criminals walk free than catch them with the help of an enhanced. And she’d probably rather let our sorry asses bleed out than let us be saved by an enhanced.”Or a ‘renegade’, as Tori prefers to call them. Sam gives a lopsided grin as he massages his heavily bandaged upper arm. “She’s a good cop. Good chief.”“Terrible person. Stole my cigarettes last week.”“You wanted to quit.”“Stole my blueberry muffins, too. And I sure as hell don’t want to lose weight. Dad bod is all the rage.” He leans back in his chair and pats both hands against his belly.“It’s hilarious how scared you are of her.”“I know,” Adam agrees. “If I ran out of gas in the middle of a no-go zone, I’d rather ask a street gang to help me siphon some gas than call Tori and explain my mistake. I’d never hear the end of it.”Sam’s head thuds against his pillow as he laughs. “Man. Just give me that damn balloon,” he says.-“They must have given me the really good drugs,” Sam says when he wakes up again and Iron Man and Captain America are at his bedside.“Oh,” Captain America says and hooks his thumbs around the back of his chair, ridiculously large muscles stretching under his shirt. “Are you— Is he on painkillers? Because we do need him lucid for this conversation.”“Really? I always get my business partners high before I make them sign anything,” Iron Man says. “He’ll be fine, I’m sure.” He tips his sunglasses down and looks at Sam. “No introductions required, I’m sure?”“Just an explanation would be good.”“Let’s not pussyfoot around then,” Iron Man says. “We have a business proposal.” He’s in an expensive suit. Or he’s in a suit, and Sam assumes it’s expensive. Either way, it looks ridiculous next to Captain America who is just sitting there in jeans and a t-shirt. Someone is overcompensating.Captain America clears his throat. “We’ve been working on operation ‘clean sweep’, monitoring the newest enhanced activity in the city. If they’re a threat, we help SHIELD to bring them in. If 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
(ex) cop Sam Wilson
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Avengers Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson

