Chapter 1





Chapter Text
1 
It was a fatal night. A pregnant woman and her husband decided to go on a car ride to look for their lost children again. Another hopeful attempt. Hope they are still alive. "Are you sure you want to come, Sally?" The man with salt-and-pepper hair questioned worriedly. "Because of the baby.." 

"Of course I want to come. These are my babies. They are alive. And, I'm going to find them. With or without your help." She responded firmly, opening the car door and stepping into the car. Paul sighed heavily and got into the car. Of course he wouldn't argue with his wife. She was right afterall. She always was. 

They started driving around Manhattan and usually they would drive farther. Looking into alleys and little nooks in the streets for their sons. They would drive further than Manhattan however, Paul could clearly see that his wife was falling asleep in the backseat. He decided that being pregnant and falling asleep in the car would be extremely uncomfortable. Paul turned the car around and drove back the way he came. Back through the same shady paths and crooked streets. 

His eyes started drooping but couldn't fall asleep. At least not now. He had to get Sally home. That's when he looked back at Sally. The cause of it all. Paul wasn't looking. Wasnt looking at the drunk driver. The driver sped towards them. That was it. 

The lights brightened in Paul's face. The wheels skidded across the road. He tried to stop it. He tried to brake. It was effortless. It was like it was planned. There was no going back. He looked back at Sally. She was asleep, still as peaceful as ever. He smiled and braced for the impact. This was the last thing he saw. The last thought he thought: 'I'm sorry Percy and Jayden.'
 ….  After the war with Gaia, Percy returned to his mother and step-dad's apartment. It was locked. It was odd. Not unusual as it was 2am. Odd, but not unusual. He used his key and the door clicked open. He peered inside. Percy crept inside and noticed a rotten smell. It was coming from the kitchen. He went towards the kitchen trying to sniff out the pungent odor. His nose led him to the worktop where a bowl of mouldy fish and old chips lay on it. Percy scrunched up his nose in disgust. 'Mom wouldn't have forgotten to put this away. Even if she did, Paul would've done it. Especially due to the smell. It reeked. He picked it up, using one hand to pinch his nose so he couldn't smell it and the other to pick up the plate to throw it (with the food on it) into the trash. After that, whatever that was, Percy went in search of his mom and step-dad. "Mom." He called into the darkness with the words bouncing around the house with a serious echo. "Mom?" He called again, more worried. "Paul?" He tried. No one answered. "...Anyone?" He whispered meekly into the darkness. Still no answer. He was beginning to grow agitated. Percy ran straight into their room. There was no one there. It was empty. The bed had a duvet thrown across it; the wardrobe door nearly closed, not completely; the desk was in its usual condition; the drawers of the desk had been flung over; clothes, papers, pens and other bits and bobs decorated the floor. Someone was here. And, it looks like they were in a rush. Percy scoured the rest of the apartment, desperate to find something, anything. Any clues. Any reasons. Anything. He marched to his room. He sat on his bed, head in his hands. He was thinking. Where? Where were they? Almost coincidentally, the doorbell rang. Percy looked for his alarm clock. It was 3:30am. Who in their right mind would turn up at someone's house at half three in the morning? Nobody sane enough to talk to Percy, that's who.After having a debate whether or not to open the door, he finally decided to open it. Percy peeled it open so painfully slowly that the person on the other side practically shoved the door in his face in an attempt to open it properly. He bruised his nose. Faint, but it was there. He rubbed in in frustration. The other person coughed obnoxiously loud to gain Percy's attention. "I'd there something stuck in your throat?" He asked with an ever-so sickening smile. The tall lady in a black pantsuit did not look impressed. Actually, she looked ready to rip his head off to be honest. She composed herself and started speaking. "Perseus Jackson, am I correct?" She asked with a high eyebrow raise. "Depends who's asking." He responded.She sighed. "I'll take that as a yes. Well, Perseus-""Percy.""Well, Percy, one of your neighbours called to say that you had returned to your apartment due to the loud noises and voices coming from this now abandoned apartment.""Abandoned? That's not true. My mom and step-dad live here." He shot back."Your mom and step-dad?... Names, please?""Sally Jackson-Blofis and Paul Blofis" He replied sternly with his arms crossed together. The lady pursed her lips together like she was dreading to tell him something, which she very much was. "Percy Jackson, I'm afraid to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase & Percy Jackson
Nico di Angelo/Jason Grace/Percy Jackson/Loki (Marvel)/Will Solace/Leo Valdez
Nico di Angelo & Will Solace
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Betty Brant & Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Camp Half-Blood (Percy Jackson)
Alternate Universe - Percy Jackson Fusion
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Original Character(s)

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase & Percy Jackson
Nico di Angelo/Jason Grace/Percy Jackson/Loki (Marvel)/Will Solace/Leo Valdez
Nico di Angelo & Will Solace
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Betty Brant & Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

