Chapter 1: The First Date
    




Chapter Text

 “I've never opened up to anyone 

 So hard to hold back 
when I'm holding you in my arms 

 We don't need to rush this, Let's just take it slow 

 Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight 

 Just a touch of the fire burning so bright 

 No I don't want to mess this thing up 

 No I don't want to push too far


 Just a shot in the dark that you just might 

 Be the one I've been waiting for my whole life 

So baby I'm alright with just a kiss goodnight.” -“Just A Kiss” by Lady A

Bruce Banner carefully examined the green liquid in his beaker, carefully adding the material in the test tube into it, and found himself thrilled by the small reaction it caused. Excited, he shut off the Bunsen burner for the time being and grabbed a pencil to scribble down his notes in his favored notebook. Rarely did he bring his laptop into the lab when working with chemicals, preferring to write notes by hand to transcribe to his laptop later. It wasn’t often that he strayed from his preferred areas of learning about Gamma Radiation or Quantum Physics, but sometimes, he found himself straying off the beaten path for something a bit different. And the fact that he was working on forming a chemical compound that could potentially neutralize or even block Gamma radiation made it all the more fun.Apart from the scratching of his pencil on paper the laboratory was relatively quiet without the hissing of gas flames or bubbling of chemicals, leaving him to hear the unfamiliar sound of heels clicking on the hard flooring.Looking up from his notes, he saw Natasha striding toward him and promptly set down his pencil and removed his goggles. The only explanation that would bring her down here was that something was wrong with Steve.“Hey.” He said.“Hey.”“Everything okay?“ He asked.“Steve’s fine, just taking a nap right now, but he got a bunch of paint all over his floor and it’s acrylic so it’s not coming out easily. The regular stain remover wasn’t helping that much so I figured you might know what would help get it out.”“What exactly did it get on?” He asked, unabashedly curious.“The couch, carpet, and walls. And one of his wooden tables.”“…Do I want to know what happened?”“You know that toddler phase of “I can do everything adults do and don’t need to listen to mom because I can do it myself”? Apply that to his adult paint sets, add in a chase around the living room, and there’s your answer.”“I’m kind of sorry I missed it.” He said, smirking. “Rubbing alcohol will get it off of the wood and walls easy enough. For the carpet and clothes, try scrubbing it with detergent first and then hit it with the rubbing alcohol.”“Worth a shot.” She shrugged.“You need some help cleaning it up?” He asked. “I can finish up here later if necessary.”“That’s alright, but thank you.”“When is he waking up?” Bruce asked.Natasha checked her watch. “About half an hour.”“Did he eat yet?”“Right before his nap, yeah.” “Did you?”“Not yet. I probably won’t get to between the paint and when he wakes up.”“Alright… Well if you can’t do lunch, how about dinner? My treat?”Natasha’s eyes flashed in surprise, eyebrows raising. “Are you asking me out on a date?”“Unless I didn’t do it right, yeah, that was the intention. I was thinking we could go to La Pecora Bianca. It’s not too far of a walk from here and it’s right by Bryant Park.”Natasha found herself pleasantly surprised. “You put a lot of thought into that didn’t you?”He shrugged. “I figured even if you didn’t end up liking the food a walk in the park wouldn’t be bad. And since they have food stands in the park, we could always cut our losses there.”She found herself smiling a little as she nodded. “Okay, sure. I think dinner would be nice. What time did you want to go?”“Six okay with you?”“Sounds good.”“I’ll meet you on your floor then?”“Sure.” She said. “See you then.”“See you at six!” He called after her.It was only after she’d left the laboratory that he allowed himself to smile. Finally, he’d gotten up the courage to ask her out.At Six sharp, Bruce Banner arrived on Natasha’s floor. Having changed out of his lab attire, a crisp purple dress shirt, khaki colored dress pants, a dark grey sport coat, and black dress shoes were his clothes of choice for the evening. Slightly dressy but still casual, which was reflective of how he hoped the date would go.When the elevator opened, he stepped out. Not seeing her nearby, but not wanting to snoop either, he called out to her.“Nat?”“I’ll be there in a second!” Came the call.He waited, and smiled when he saw her round the corner to the elevator. Her long red tresses were made into almost beachy waves, and In a black dress and matching boots with a long gold pendant necklace on, she looked elegant and yet still comfortable, which was certainly what he hoped for considering they would be walking to dinner.“You look beautiful.” He said, and barely remembered the rose he’d been holding behind his back. “For you.” “Thank you.” Sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Romance
One Shot Collection
Origin Story
First Dates
Roses
Kissing
Secret Relationship
Relationship Reveal
Lemon
Sex
Storms
Baking
Love Confessions

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

