Work Text:
It’s not so much the comments she minds, as that they don’t seem to make any particular effort to keep them secret from her. Phil expects better from her agents. Though at least they aren’t quite as crude about it as some of the DoD liaisons. Phil has overheard more variations on ‘diversity hiring’ than she has energy to fight about. “A black guy with an eye-patch, a girl, and a dyke.” The prime topic of conversation seems to be what secondary box Maria is ticking, given that just being female isn’t notable enough in this organisation. Phil could point out a number of things: that if diversity hiring was truly in operation, there would be a hell of a lot more diversity in her junior agents; that there isn’t the space for her, Maria or Fury to be anything less than excellent; and also that she isn’t technically a dyke. She’s a woman who fucks men (and some women), and that’s not quite the same thing. Still, she’s used to the misunderstanding. Her underlings, however, should be trained better than to ever let her hear those sorts of whisperings – as a senior member of a covert organisation, she’s more than mildly offended that she has to point out the value of discretion. Maria just shrugs. “Men talk. Better about us than their missions.”Phil concedes this point. The relevance still escapes her, but that had always been the case. She blames her mother, really, for being so unfazed by Phil turning fifteen and shaving her head. It had given Phil the idea that the people who mattered wouldn’t care. They didn’t care so much in her small high school, although at this distance Phil now suspects her mother may have had a hand in that too. At college, the lesbian implication had made itself known to her, even though she’d let her hair grow out a little by then. In law school they had all assumed she was going to go out to Washington and join a lobby group and fight the good fight. She did, in a manner of speaking, but apparently the military thing was a shock. Again, her mother was unperturbed. Clint looks at her one day and asks, “You know they call the three of you Fury’s Angels?” Phil says, “I assume Natasha is the third? So what does that make you?”Clint shrugs. “I forget the name of the other guy. He was boring anyway.”Phil gives this the courtesy it deserves. “Was there anything you needed, Agent Barton?”“No ma’am.” He walks with Phil to her office anyway. Some of the agents in the bullpen – Langer, certainly, and possibly Armstrong – watch the way Clint follows her in and closes the door behind them. She’s tried before to stop Clint from doing this kind of thing – she has work to finish – but he has worse habits than sitting on the floor of her office waiting for her to find him something to do. He picks up a scrap of paper from the chair and folds it into a narrow missile. When it bounces off the side of her head, Phil lifts it from the desk and tucks it behind her ear, pushing the loose hair back. *The first op she worked with Clint, she didn’t see him for twenty-seven hours. He had been out with a team, doing recon around an industrial bunker. The mission had gone south – the target had spotted Clint’s handler and the back-up team. The agent in charge had been killed and the team pulled back, with Clint still in enemy territory. Clint had been alone out there for two days before Fury was able to scramble a recovery team. Phil was sent out to meet up with the remnants of the mission team. At the time, she had thought the sniper was probably already dead – she couldn’t see how he would have managed out there on his own with the target looking for him. Natasha had seen Barton in action, and she hadn’t been so sure.Phil got into range and tried SHIELD secure frequencies one by one. “Hawkeye? Hawkeye this is SHIELD, please respond.”Finally, she got a heavy silence instead of just crackle. Then: “This is Hawkeye. Who am I talking to?”Phil had exhaled. “This is Agent Coulson. I’m going to bring you home.”Barton’s voice was barely a whisper. “The mission? I have the intel, I can still take it.”“Hawkeye, where are you?”“In position, as ordered. I can finish this, if someone can-.”Phil made a decision. “I have the plans. I can guide you through if you think you can do it. We don’t have the manpower for a retrieval from inside - there’s just me.”“I can work with that,” he said, and she couldn’t picture what he must look like at that moment, smiling. All she had right then was the photograph on file. “And afterwards?” he said.“Afterwards, I’ll guide you back to me,” she said, “and we both go home. Sound good?”“Yeah, that sounds- yeah.”Phil had guided him in and out of a heavily guarded base and then back through the forest to her truck. She didn’t catch sight of him until he wanted her to, appearing out of the shadows between the trees. He was filthy, covered in mud and bits of foliage. He brushed himself off and then moved towards the truck.Clint’s eyes had tracked across the SHIELD operatives and she was pr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Homophobic Language
Genderswap
Alternate Universe - Always the Opposite Sex
Queer Het
Female Friendship
Gender Issues
Rape/Non-con References
Pegging
Explicit Sexual Content
Woman on Top
Women Being Awesome

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

