Chapter 1: I Love You So
    




Chapter Text

The boy across the street. His name unknown to you other than the big bold letters on the mailbox at the front of the house  - Castle. 

Mystery man Castle, he peeked your interest your entire life. 

You’ve lived across the street from them from the ages of 3 to 25 and this- this was the story of how you met, mourned and rekindled the love of your life in the blink of an eye. 


Junior Year Of High School 

Frank - who you deemed mystery man Castle was only a year older than you. Even though the two of you grew up across the street from each other, you didn’t meet until your junior year of high school. You watch him pull out of his driveway from your bedroom window every morning like clockwork- 8:25 on the dot but you were just waking up at that point, granted that school didn’t start until 9:30. You always wondered where he went during the extra hour and 5 minutes he had. The high school was a 15 minutes walk or 5 minute drive so why’d he leave so early ? Perhaps he has a girlfriend. The thought made you sick to your stomach. What were you thinking? You didn’t even know this guy. Why the hell would you care if he had a girlfriend or not? Maybe he wasn’t even into girls, you’d never know because you never spoke to him. You would have kept it that way had you not stayed after school for homework help. It was 5 in the afternoon and it was pouring hell to high-water at this point. You called your dad 4 times and when he didn’t pick up, you decided to buck up and walk home. Your backpack pulled over your head, you trudged through the rain and down the street. A car horn startled you, you glanced to your left to see Frank had pulled up beside you. He rolled out the window, “get in!” he shouted and you walked up to the car and leaned down to see him better. “I don’t get into cars with strangers!” you shout over the pouring rain. You meant it to be humorous but there was truth to your words. You didn’t know anything about Frank other than the basics - he lived across the street from you, he left his house at 8:25 every morning and that he was on the basketball team. “I’ll drive you home! You live across the street, right ?!” he shouts back to you, leaning to unlock the door. You should really walk away but something urges you to get into the car - if it’s trust or curiosity, you’d never know. Pushing past your better judgement, you get into the car. “Why are you out in the rain ?” Frank asks, pulling off from the spot. “Stayed back for something. Why are you picking up a random girl ?” “Why did you get in the car?” he rebuts, you roll your eyes at his obvious reply which earns you a slight smile. The microscopic gesture made your stomach flutter and heart swoon. Frank drove in silence, you watched as the raindrops rolled down the window and the buildings passed by. The car comes to a stop in front of your house, Frank says nothing to the fact that you aren’t getting out of the car. Instead he sits there in silence as you watch the rain on the window. He knew something had always been a bit off at your house. As long as he could remember, there were two of you and your parents - you and your brother, Micheal. Michael joined the military, he had seen you and your mother saying goodbye to him as your father drove him off to what Frank could only assume was training. Micheal seemed to disappear after that point. Frank wasn’t sure when your brother was deployed but he had seen the array of tears between everyone on the front lawn with your brother in his uniform and a bag tossed over his shoulder. It was a day much like today, raining and gloomy when Frank arrived home to see the two men on your front step, a sheet of paper and a box in their hands. He knew it wasn’t good news. He sat in the car, watching in the side view mirror as your mother opened the front door. The scream she let out was heard even with the doors and windows shut, the kind of scream that made his blood run cold. From that day things changed in the house across the street. The happy family buried their son, their moods permanently dampening as they went with the motions of life purely for the sake of it. Frank’s warm hand on your shoulder pulled you from your thoughts. “You alright?” Nodding, your hand wipes away the one stray tear from your eye before you pull your bag up from between your legs. “Thanks for the ride.” You give him a tight lipped smile. “No need to thank me.” he hums, watching as you get out of the car. You slowly walk up to the front door as you hear Frank pull off and into his driveway. The car door slammed and he shouts, “hey!” You turn to see him standing in the middle of the driveway. “What’s your name?!” “Y/n!” you shout back to him and he nods. You thought he was insane. He wanted to know your name ? But seriously, there were a million different ways he could have asked but shouting in the rain was very notebook of him. Your brain ran through all the different scenarios that co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/Original Female Character(s)
Frank Castle & Maria Castle
Billy Russo & Reader
Karen Page & Reader
Matt Murdock/Reader
Maria Castle & Billy Russo

freeform: 
Mentions of kidnapping
shitty home situation/life
school girl crush turned more
shitty parents
References to Depression
Mentions of War
Unplanned Pregnancy
few harsh words
Arguing
Requited Love
Requited Unrequited Love
Billy Russo is a big flirt
reader is over everyone and their shit
Alcohol
Suggestive comments
Marriage of Convenience
Sibling Death
Parent Death
Love Confessions
Drunken Confessions
Growing Up Together
Assumptions
Fighting
Pre-Relationship
brief religious mention
Court Trial
murder mention
Blood and Injury
Reconciliation
Flirting
Panic Attacks
Cemetery
Cheating
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Emotional Baggage
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Smoking
References to Sex
Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots

fandom: 
Frank Castle/Original Female Character(s)
Frank Castle & Maria Castle
Billy Russo & Reader
Karen Page & Reader
Matt Murdock/Reader
Maria Castle & Billy Russo

