Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Alright Swan you’re up!” Dr. Virdi exclaimed out.Anna sighed and tried one more time to talk sense into the lead scientist. “Sir are you sure about this? Don’t you want to do more tests before trying on a human?” Anna asked hoping the crazy man in front of her didn’t realize the shake in her voice was of fear and not excitement.“I’m sure! We’ve tried the test on countless animals. Our success rate is higher than ever!” he answered without turning around to face Anna. This wasn’t the first time Anna regretted working with Dr. Virdi, hopefully it wouldn’t be the last time either. She was too young to die, like the poor bunnies that came back burnt or dismembered.Back when she first applied for the job Anna had been desperate. Dr. Virdi had seemed like a kind man to work for and the pay while wasn’t a lot was enough to get her out of her rut. She should have paid closer attention then maybe she wouldn’t have been stuck in this situation. Running away had frequently crossed her mind but the contract she signed held her hostage. If Anna ran she knew Dr. Virdi would see to it that she spends her life in jail for breaking the contract.“Anna he’s getting impatient” Susan, a researcher, whispered softly.“I’m going,” Anna stated forcing herself to walk forward closer to the metal death trap that was in the middle of the room.No one made eye contact with Anna as she walked going out of their way to avoid looking directly at her. She wanted to hate them for it. Scream and cry pleading them to do something. Anything that would get her out of this situation. But just like her they too were trapped by the mad scientist.“Anna do you remember your role?” Dr. Virdi asked when she made it beside him. Then without waiting for a reply he continued. “You’re just going to be in the machine and we’ll be sending you just three feet over to the blue X over there. Don’t move and stay still until you land”Not being able to speak Anna just nodded her head before she was shoved into the death trap of a machine.With a loud clunk the metal doors shut sealing Anna into the box surrounded in the darkness. Anna could feel herself sweating and shaking in fear as she desperately tried to listen to the muffled voices. She wanted to be prepared for what was coming no matter the outcome.“10” Anna sucked in a breath when the countdown started.“9” She wrapped her arms around herself and forced herself to hold still.“8” the image of dead bunnies wouldn’t leave her mind.“7” she should never have chosen this job.“6” Anna closed her eyes tightly as she heard the hum of the machine powering up.“5” Anna took it back hearing the countdown wasn’t helpful at all. Especially with how slow they were counting.“4” if she survives this Anna didn’t care she was quitting.“3” Jail would be better than this.“2” She’s going to kill Dr. Virdi if she survives.“1” Boom.A scream ripped through Anna’s throat as she felt herself being yanked. No matter how much she told herself not to move and stay still it wasn’t possible as her body was being pulled in what seemed like every direction. Anna’s body hurt from all the constant pulling. Her legs hurt, her arms hurt, her chest hurt. She wanted the pain to end. It took forever for the pain to somewhat subside leaving her body feeling sore and bruised. Anna’s head felt creepily light, everything was spinning around her or was it her that was still spinning? Her legs felt like jelly and it didn’t surprise her when she fell down onto the cold hard floor.That fucking hurt was Anna’s first coherent thought. I’m fucking alive was her second thought.A scream penetrated the quite room confusing Anna. She hadn’t screamed this time, who was screaming? Could they stop because her brain felt like it just went through a blender…like the rest of her body.“Jane what the fuck did you do!” A somewhat familiar voice yelled out.Was this a co-worker of hers? Anna couldn’t place her voice and she also didn’t know anyone named Jane.“Help” Anna moaned out struggling to get up.“Your alive!” the relief was evident in the woman’s voice.Anna felt herself being lifted up into a sitting position and for the first time she was able to get a good look at the place around her. She was in a lab of some sort but not in the one she worked in.“hey are you ok? Tell me your name…and why your naked”“Anna Swan…did you say naked” Anna looked down at herself and sure enough she was naked as the day she was born.With energy she didn’t know she had she moved her arms to cover herself and looked around in panic.“Hey it’s alright, we’ll figure this out” The brunette reassured taking off her sweater and helping Anna slip into it.“I don’t have extra pants here, but I do have a blanket you can wrap around yourself. Don’t worry it’s clean. I don’t know how you got here, but I’m blaming Jane’s experiment. I can take you to my place and then when your feeling better I’ll help you get home. Just don’t sue me” The woman rambled as she helped Anna to he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Dimension Travel
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Hurt Tony
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Steve Rogers bashing
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Original Female Character(s)

