Chapter 1: steal the things I know
    


Summary:

They fuck, they talk, and they dance.Smut at the top, followed by feelings.



Notes:
This is part of the Songs for Sylki challenge. The song prompt I was given was Fire on Fire by Sam Smith. The title, chapter titles, and ending epigraphs are quotes from the song.This story has two chapters. Chapter 2 will be up next week!CW: Some dom/sub stuff - mild clit torture and light choking. Safe word is available, but not used.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


 He lashed her with his tongue, harder and harder, as her wrists remained bound to the bedposts. She had requested this, of course, and she could blast her way out of it if she felt the need. It wasn’t like she would truly trust him any time soon. Or believe him.But he wouldn’t stop trying, on both counts.And in the meantime…She whimpered. He took a moment to glance up at her face; her eyes were  almost  closed. Almost. (Never quite.) But her jaw hung open and her chest was heaving rapidly.He slid his hands up and around her hips, pulling her tighter against his face. He’d considered switching to his thumb, to torture her properly, but no, his tongue was strong enough. He flicked her clit back and forth back and forth;  it hardened under his efforts, and he hummed into her pelvis. His chin grazed against her dripping slit. His lips, periodically, kissed the outskirts of her abused clit.She knew the safe word, of course. She could say it at any time.And she would never give him that satisfaction.Her breathing became more erratic; her arms tugged at her restraints; he felt her shiver and watched her nipples come to attention above him. He bore down harder, harder,  harder…
 Fuck it. 
He snaked a hand around to her clit, shifting his tongue lower and entering her.  Slap.  He brought three flattened fingers down on the sensitive little nub that was peeking out coyly from its hood. “AH—” Sylvie winced, and her hips spasmed. Slap.  He fucked her relentlessly with his tongue as he prepared his fingers again.  Slap. “Fuck. Fuck. It’s too… fuck.” As long as he didn’t hear the word, he wouldn’t stop.
 Slap. 
He could live here. Truly. If she wanted  this, eternally, he would give it to her.She was getting close, though. He could smell it, the  shift,  as she moved into the final stages of her approach. Smiling, he switched to the upward angle that she liked so much, for the end.
 Slap. 
Her clit pulsed under his hand as he held it firm against her this time, pressing  pressing  down hard and circling faster, faster; her walls contracted unevenly, left side then right, staggered and unpredictable.  Chaos, this orgasm was utter chaos, and he breathed it in.
 My Sylvie, mine. 

 (Whatever I may be to her...) 
In his moment of distraction, she blasted free of her bonds and slammed him onto his back, his head hanging off the foot of the bed. As she slid down onto his leaking cock, he could feel the throes of her orgasm, still raging, alive and well as she ground her clit into his pelvic bone. His cock filled her; he bucked up into her and she consumed him.Her hands rested lightly on his throat. She wouldn’t go further, wouldn’t edge into outright choking unless he requested it. But this, he liked — and she knew it. Even though she didn’t put pressure down, his breath was gone, his thoughts were gone, everything but Sylvie was  gone  and he felt himself stutter inside her  up, up, THERE oh there  and he was spilling into her, utterly unable to regain his breath or his mind until…Her cunt still spasmed around him…Her coarsened fingers massaged his throat…His spend coated her core…
 Sylvie… 
And he stilled.
 Sylvie. 
 His love.  If only she…After a chummy brush of his cheek and a little smirk, she swung her leg over him and climbed off the bed.They didn’t sleep together.She always left the bed to him. He’d tried many times to switch, or to conjure her her  own  bed, but really, she seemed to prefer the couch.Loki rolled onto his side, curled in a ball, and watched her emerge from the bathroom in her tank top and shorts.“Good night,” she called.After three months, this separation shouldn’t still give him a lump in his throat. But it did. As did the sword she clutched in her arms as she prepared to sleep.
 Good night. 
  He returned from his water-gathering mission to find her whittling a knife.“Why do you need a wooden knife?” He plunked the water bucket on the table.“Don’t,” she said shortly. “But what else am I supposed to do on this godforsaken planet with its stone-age technology?”“We could move. Different place, time, timeline. Somewhere with…I dunno…fields of roses and lots of streaming services.” “You  can move,” she corrected.  “I  cannot. You are under absolutely no obligation to stay with me. But of course,” she stopped whittling and looked at him. “You’re not going to do that, because you’re here for the power you hope to gain by fucking your way into the goo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)

freeform: 
Reunions
Friends With Benefits
Pining
Sexual Content
Switch Loki (Marvel)
switch sylvie
Light Dom/sub
Post-Canon
Canon-Typical Violence
Trust Issues
Love Confessions
Songfic

fandom: 
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)

