Chapter 1





Chapter Text
She was loud.She was unprofessional.She dressed in garish colors that practically glowed in the dark at times.She was one of the more controversial employee choices for Fury to bring onto staff at his new improved SHIELD. Having rebuilt it from the ground up after the HYDRA uprising attempt. They needed as many smart minds in the labs as they could get, but they also needed people who could be trusted, vetted, safe. Darcy Lewis clearly fit those criteria though, as much as Brock disliked her. At least he acted like he didn’t like her. If you asked anyone else that saw the two of them interact that would be the conclusion they would come to.“Damn it Lewis! How many times have I told you to keep your sugary baked goods away from my STRIKE team.” Brock was standing in the break room, arms crossed, a very fierce look in his eyes as he stared down the petite brunette as she sat at a small table, surrounded by half of the STRIKE team members, smiling and sharing a platter of cookies.His team members had enough sense to look slightly guilty as they stood and filed out of the small room, all except Jack who just stood leaning against the back wall still eating his cookie and smiling. Darcy stood up and walked towards the stern STRIKE Commander, a sarcastic frown on her face, “Oh, you are such a party pooper Commander tight ass. You should learn to loosen up a bit.” Darcy poked Brock in the gut, “Wouldn’t want you to have an aneurysm over some cookies, even if my baking is to die for.” Darcy laughed as she made her way past him and out of the room.-----------Brock still had some minor scarring left after his recovery from the triskelion disaster. He and Jack had been deep undercover within the ranks of HYDRA, so deep that the line between the lies and the truth had started to blur for him. After he was pulled out of the wreckage of the collapsed building he had a lot of trouble sliding back into his normal life.He was angry and depressed. He felt like he had been betrayed by Furyand left for dead, as a simple loose end to be snipped. It was how HYDRA might have dealt with the situation and he was so used to that being the norm it was hard to see it as anything else.Luckily Jack was able to talk some sense into him. Brock hadn’t been abandoned, Fury was just busy dealing with the fall out of the failed uprising and the info dump. Jack got Brock in touch with a great therapist and he managed to work through all the fear and distrust he had, but he still had a lot of anger. Therapy helped him focus his rage on HYDRA, and Fury gave him the opportunity to get some of that rage out by working as Crossbones to find the few HYDRA bases that were going to ground. Brock helped SHIELD pull them all out by the roots.After he had gotten the last one he came back to the states to a cold welcome from the remainder of SHIELD. Even with Fury and Rogers vouching for him people still gave him a wide berth. He got used to looks of suspicion and fear, even after he had some time in the cradle to heal his burns and nerve damage and he looked more like his old self. Brock did his best to not let it get to him, and just do his best to prove his loyalty. The fact that Cameron still flinches everytime Brock walks past him makes him a little sad. He apologized to the younger man, and Cameron accepted it, and said he understood, he was just a little shook up still. So Brock knew he was loyal, he knew he had Fury to back him up and Jack as well. Things are starting to get a little better, but the looks still get to him on occasion. Then Dr. Darcy Lewis joined the science team. People seemed to stop paying any attention to him as her personality filled every room she entered. At first Brock felt relief that the eyes were pointed in another direction, but then Lewis seemed to focus on him, pulling the eyes back towards him. Now they were on him for a totally new reason, it was like they were waiting for him to blow up at her any time they were in a room together. She was not much more than a nuisance at first with her inappropriate nicknames and gregarious behavior, but then she started bringing the baked goods. He tried to explain to her that the STRIKE team needed to be in prime fighting form and having fatty snacks constantly was going to impact their health and ability to do their job. She just smiled at him and nodded in understanding but then poked his bicep, “Certainly wouldn’t want to do that. It might bring down overall morale if the company hotties weren’t as hot anymore. Who would we daydream about then, hmm?”Brock rolled his eyes at her then, before turning and stomping out of the room, but he could hear Jack laughing at her antics even then. ------------Jack walked into Brock’s office shortly after the cookie incident with a smile on his face and a cookie in his hand. Brock growled at him, “Why do you encourage her? I’m trying to hold the team to a higher standard and you are just laughing away at her under
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Awesome Darcy Lewis
triple agent brock rumlow
triple agent Jack Rollins
Not Canon Compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Darcy Lewis Bakes
scarred brock rumlow
Jack is a good bro
Depression
Self-Esteem Issues
Kidnapping
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
the hard one loves the soft one
Only One Bed
Vaginal Fingering
Sleep Sex
Wet Dream
Vaginal Sex
Unsafe Sex
Friends With Benefits
past Brock x Sinthea Schmit

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow

