Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint Barton takes a breath. 
He inhales guilt. 

"Let me go. It's okay."

No, he thinks, it's not. He almost begins to think that she's lucky because she doesn't have to deal with his pain, but then he remembers that she's suffering a fate worse than what they're all going through. She's dead and alone in the Soulworld. 
His guilt deepens. 
Why couldn't he have held on? 
--------------------------
Tony Stark takes a breath.
He inhales shame. 

"Do we know if she had family?" 

The question shouldn't have had to be asked. He should have known. He thinks back to years ago, after the Avengers' civil war. "It must be hard to shake the double agent thing. Sticks in the DNA," he had said quite bitterly. 
His shame deepens. 
Why couldn't he have gotten over his pride? 
--------------------------- 
Steve Rogers takes a breath. 
He inhales sorrow. 

"See you in a minute." 

How wrong she was. He recalls watching her step up to lead the Avengers when half the world was gone, when he had stepped away. How good of a leader she was. He stepped away. 
His sorrow deepens. 
Why couldn't he have been by her side?
--------------------------- 
Bruce Banner takes a breath. 
He inhales regret. 

"How long until you trust me?" 

He trusts her with his life, with everything. He misses the kisses they shared, the kisses they could've shared. 
His regret deepens. 
Why couldn't he have asked her out? 
--------------------------- 
Thor Odinson takes a breath. 
He inhales frustration. 

"I'm sorry, no offence, but you're a very earthly being, okay, and we're talking about space magic."

Thanos' stupid glove should of been able to bring her back. He was from Asgard, one of the - if not the most - powerful realms in existence. 
His frustration deepens.
Why couldn't Asgard produce a reversal to death? 
--------------------------- 
Bucky Barnes takes a breath. 
He inhales curiosity.

"You could at least 
recognize me." 

The Red Room. Training. Was that it? He hadn't known her for long, he fought her for most of it, but he wonders about her as a human being. 
His curiosity deepens. 
Why couldn't he have gotten to know her better? 
---------------------------
Sam Wilson takes a breath. 
He inhales admiration. 

"Everyone we know is trying to kill us."

And despite that, she continued to be a hero. Coming back from the snap, Sam returned to a world that Natasha had made better with the Avengers. 
His admiration deepens. 
Why couldn't he stand along beside her? 
---------------------------- 
Yelena Belova takes a breath. 
She inhales vengeance. 

"I need to tell her I'm ok." 

And she never got the chance. Even though Clint didn't kill her, Yelena still has a desire to inflict pain on everyone who hurt her. 
Her vengeance deepens.
Why couldn't she be ok?
---------------------------- 
Alexei Shostakov takes a breath. 
He inhales anger.

"You were even younger."

He allowed her to go to the Red Room, and he wasted away in a prison while she suffered. 
His anger deepens. 
Why couldn't he have done the right thing?
----------------------------- 
Melina Vostokoff takes a breath. 
She inhales familiarity. 

"Pain only makes you stronger."

Whether she willingly allowed it to be or not, being a mother is in her blood. It's in everything she has done, since the moment Natasha returned to her. 
Her familiarity deepens. 
Why couldn't she still have her children together? 
---------------------------- 
Slowly, Phil, Maria, and Fury come together and take a breath. 
They inhale remembrance. 
From the moment they met her, to missions beside her, to saying goodbye. 
Their memory deepens. 
Why couldn't they have had more time with her? 
---------------------------- 
Natasha Romanoff takes a breath. 
She inhales life. 
Opening her eyes, she sees Steve looking back at her, holding the Soul Stone, saying he didn't know how that had happened. 
Her life deepens. 
Why now?  
What next?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Avengers Team & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Thor
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Alexei Shostakov | Alexi Shostakov
Natasha Romanov & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Feels
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Has Issues
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Minor Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Hurt Natasha Romanov
Bucky Barnes & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Protective Avengers
Domestic Avengers
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Avengers Family
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies

fandom: 
Avengers Team & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Thor
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Alexei Shostakov | Alexi Shostakov
Natasha Romanov & Melina Vostokoff
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill & Natasha Romanov

