Chapter 1: The Meeting
    




Chapter Text
Tony paced the length of the hotel suite he'd chosen to be their meeting place. He was a seasoned agent, skilled in multiple forms of hand-to-hand combat, ridiculously proficient with anything electrical, and a genius to boot. He shouldn't be nervous about turning an enemy operative. He sparred with Natasha, the Black Widow, for Christ's sake! Except…this wasn't just any enemy operative. If his contact was who he claimed to be, this was the Winter Soldier.The Winter Soldier was a legend within the world of espionage, more of a ghost story than anything else. He was the Boogeyman's Boogeyman. Tony hadn't even believed he existed until Natasha claimed he killed a scientist she'd been assigned to project, shot the man through Natasha's abdomen. Moreover, he was claiming to work for HYDRA, an organization SHIELD had been warring with since before Tony's parents had even met. They claimed they wanted to bring peace to the world, but their version of peace included subjugation and killing off anyone that didn't agree with them.It'd been nearly eight months since Tony had found the encrypted message on a hacker site he regularly trolled to see if he could find any interesting recruits. It was a request for help and protection in exchange for information. It wasn't an entirely unusual post, but Tony had been struck that this person was looking for protection for their husband as well even though the poster had aready identified themselves as male. Tony had only had to think of his own husband back home and knew he would at least follow this through to the end.Tony and the operative had sent several messages back and forth, each providing small bits of information to prove they were who they said they were, before the poster claimed to be the Winter Soldier. He'd signed on thinking he would be helping people, but the longer he worked for HYDRA the less sure he had become. When he finally stumbled upon some extremely incriminating files, he made the decision to get out. Those files were what he was offering SHIELD in exchange for their protection.There were still nearly twenty minutes before the meeting was supposed to take place when Tony's phone went off. He'd been waiting in the room for two hours already so as not to arouse suspicion and the sudden break in the silence nearly made him jump out of his skin. He instantly recognized the tone as Bucky's and a smile slid onto his face as he swiped his thumb to answer the call. Some quality time with his husband was exactly what he needed in order to relax and get his head settled."Hey, lover. How did the interview go? Calling to tell me how much loved you and that you got the job?"Bucky was a researcher for a major law firm and had recently decided he needed a change. He was supposed to be meeting with a potential new employer, which suited Tony just fine. He'd rather focus on anything than the possibility that the Winter Soldier would just shoot him between the eyes as soon as he opened the door. God, Bucky would kill him if that happened. Not that Bucky knew Tony was a spy/assassin/hacker/practically a god. Well, he might know that last part."I haven't had the meeting yet," Bucky huffed in amusement. "And I told you, it's not an interview. It's just an initial meet n' greet."Tony could hear his husband's nervousness in his voice. It made him smile to think they were feeling the same things in such different situation."Want me to distract you with phone sex?"Bucky snorted."I'm in public! I can't!""I'm not!" Tony grinned. "C'mon, you know you want me whispering dirty things in your ear while all those people are around, not having a clue what's going on right under their noses."His voice had already dropped into a more seductive tone, but Bucky remained unaffected."You're ridiculous.""So that's a yes?""It's a no." His tone was firm, but Tony could hear the undercurrent of amusement that said he wasn't irritated. "That's not the state I want to be in when I go into this thing.""What a shame!" Tony lamented dramatically, throwing himself down in the suite's armchair with the phone still pressed to his ear. "Lawyers are so boring, babe. I don't know how you can deal with them. It'd probably be the closest that bastard has been to sex in years!"That actually managed to startle a bark of laughter out of the other man and Tony counted that as a win. Sometimes Bucky could be so serious it was absolutely ridiculous."You know I love you, right?""I would certainly hope so. You did marry me, after all.""I just…Sometimes I feel like I don't say it enough. And you deserve to hear it more often.""Don't worry," Tony said softly, meaning it. "I've never doubted it for a second. I love you, too.""Good. Listen, I've gotta head into this meeting. I'll see you at home tonight.""Dinner's at seven.""It always is."Tony knew he had a big, dopey smile on his face as he slipped the phone back into his pocket. He stood and straightened out his suit, f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
Tumblr Prompt

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

