Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“The Cube is a doorway to the other end of space, right? Doors open both ways.” Lights of all colors streaked past at an unfathomable pace, it felt like a strange mix of apparition and portkey travel. Finally, the sensation slowed and the lights became a steady pulse of soft blue, bracing herself as if it was a portkey Hermione steadied and walked out confidently into what looked like a large utilitarian warehouse space. First impressions and all that she thought to herself head high and straightening her maroon Unspeakable robes.Quickly several guns were pointed at her, the closest of which being held by an angry-looking man black man with an eye patch who was standing next to a gob-smacked older man.“Americans” she huffed waving her hand and calling all the guns and knives to her before erecting a shield around herself and the pile.“Do you have the correct paperwork for this project?” she asked walking around what looked like a projector stand with an illuminated blue cube on it, clearly the source of the blue light and the reason for her surprise trip. “This appears to be a class 9 artifact. Who is your MACUSA liaison?”“Now wait a minute,"  eyepatch barked out.He made a move to grab back his gun and found his arms pinned to his side.“Who are you. And where did you come from?”An arrow pinged off of her shield.“How rude.” With another wandless accio a bow and several arrows joined the pile of weapons on the floor.“Please tell your people to stand down before this turns into an international incident. I really don’t want to do any additional paperwork. I have plans this weekend. If you do not know who I am then you do not have the clearance for that information and then you most certainly do not have the clearance for this artifact. I suggest you start answering my questions.”She flexed her fingers tightening the invisible restraints around him. “Now tell me who do you work for because I don’t believe that it is the US government or we would not be having this miscommunication. The INC and MACUSA accords are very clear so let me ask you again. Who are you and who do you work for?”“If you don’t know who I am your clearance isn’t high enough,” he said in his blunt American accent.She grabbed his chin and looked into his eye. “Legilimens,” she whispered close enough that he could smell the coffee on her breath.“What…” he mumbled as he felt the restraints loosen a bit and he stumbled a bit.“Well, that is new…” she whispered releasing his chin and turning her attention back to the cube. “Interdimensional travel, I’ve read the theory, of course, but I am sure that is not what Theo was working on. Perhaps this artifact interfered with the radiant energy of another in the space room.”“Dimensional travel?” blurted out the scruffy-looking older man in a quiet Scandanavian accent. “Are you saying you are not from this earth?” he said with an awed voice.Hermione smiled at him, her eyes bright with curiosity. She released his bonds.“Yes, isn’t it fascinating? Are you the lead scientist behind this,” she asked gesturing at the cube and the various screens and other monitoring equipment. “I am Dr. Erik Selvig I am leading the team behind this particular project yes but I am here at Fury’s behest. He is the Director of Shield, the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division.” He stepped towards the closest monitor.“There was a spike in the radiation readings, particularly the in the gamma radiation readings shortly before you stepped through. The Tesseract has been producing random fluctuations recently, as if it has been activated.”“Doctor I must insist you stop speaking right now. She is an alien”“I am not an alien! For goodness sakes did you not hear what we just said. I am not from this earth I am from another. I am as human as you.”“Our humans don’t read minds,” he snarked back straining against his invisible bonds. “And they don’t have powers that do this.”“Fair enough, most humans on my earth don’t either,” she said still examining the cube closer. Grabbing her wand from her tight bun her dark brown curls fell freely down her back. She ran a few diagnostic charms the readings appearing in the air above the cube.  “Doctor, can you tell me more about the origin of this artifact?” It is not reading like anything I have come across before.”Just then a man grabbed her around the middle, pinning her arms to her side, picking her up, and pulling her back against him.“Release him,” the stranger demanded his hot breath against her neck.She wriggled in his arms pressing her hands against his legs and sending a stinging hex but he just squeezed her tighter.“Release him,” he said again.“Harry is going to have a fit about this,” she gasped out and then sent a stupefy towards his leg. It was not her best idea as they both went flying backward but he released her in his surprise and she rolled away from him and petrifying him just as he had maneuvered into a crouched position. No
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury & Hermione Granger

freeform: 
BAMF Hermione Granger
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Harry Potter Epilogue What Epilogue | EWE

fandom: 
Nick Fury & Hermione Granger

