Work Text:





“So it’s really young James you’ve come for?” Mrs. Zola said, wiping delicately at her face with her white handkerchief. 
 “Yes,” Phil replied. He watched out of the corner of his eye as ‘young James’ wandered around the too-white kitchen. To the untrained observer, it would look like James was completely oblivious to his almost-former foster-mother and the other person sitting at the kitchen table. Like he wasn't part of the world. But Phil had been a police officer with the NYPD for nearly thirty-three years, the last fifteen of which were spent as a Detective in several investigative units. He could see the tension in James’ shoulders underneath the bulky hoodie he wore, the way that he tilted his head slightly to capture the conversation going on behind him. James was clearly paying attention, no matter how much it seemed like he was blithely ignoring everything going on around him. 
“I can’t say I’ll miss him,” Mrs. Zola sniffed, taking a sip of her tea. Phil had drunk some of the offered beverage merely to be polite. It hadn’t been steeped long enough, and was as pallid and insipid as the woman in front of them. 
“Oh?” Phil had been in Mrs. Zola’s house for less than an hour, but already he couldn't believe that Child Protection Services had felt that she'd be a good match for James, even on a short-term basis. Clearly Melinda hadn’t been involved in the original placement decision because she would never have let this stand.
“Yes,” Mrs. Zola continued, putting her cup delicately back on the saucer and then adjusting the handle so the patterns lined up. “His silence is…” she paused for drama, “unnerving.” 
Over her shoulder, Phil watched as James went to the fridge and took out the milk. He then took down a glass from the cupboard, carefully filling it up two-thirds full before putting the jug back. James was missing his left arm from just below the elbow but his movements were as graceful and deft as someone with both hands. 
“I could see how it might be,” Phil said. He forced himself to not cross his arms while he was speaking to her, keeping his hands lose and ready on the table and his expression open. be nice! he reminded himself. It would do James no good if Phil alienated Mrs. Zola before the transfer of care was complete. 
Still looking over her shoulder, he watched as James pulled a jar of peanut butter and then a plate out of a cupboard and then a knife from the drawer, clearly planning on making himself a sandwich. He was still acting like he was the only one in the room. 
“Oh yes.” She nodded. “More so than you could possibly imagine.” She sighed. “I had so hoped for some company from some lost little boy or girl after my Arnim died. How unfortunate that the boy I was given to foster was more damaged than one would have expected.” 
 Phil’s eyebrows drew down. “You think James is damaged?” 
“Obviously,” she sniffed. “I mean the arm would be difficult enough, but the not talking…” 
“James doesn’t speak because of the trauma he experienced as a child,” Phil said flatly. “That’s a coping mechanism. Not ‘damage.’” 
She sniffed again. “Either way, it’s very peculiar.” 
Behind Mrs. Zola’s chair, Phil saw James stiffen at her words and carefully put down the knife he’d been using to put peanut butter on his bread. Phil could see the hurt and anger in every line of James’ back, and it took all his self-control to not run over to comfort the boy. He forced himself to smile blandly. “I’m sure it’s been quite difficult, which is why I’ll be happy to take him off your hands. As I’m sure James’ case manager has told you, I have a particular knack for children with his type of history. Now if you’ll just let me gather his things…” he made to rise.
“I think he’s soft,” Mrs. Zola continued as if Phil hadn’t spoken. 
Phil sank back into his seat. “I beg your pardon?” 
“Soft,” she repeated, “You know, in the head? I think that when his parents were killed—poor souls!—that perhaps he received some brain damage.“
“No that’s not what—!“ Phil exclaimed, just as James, very deliberately, picked up his glass, turned towards their table, and then dropped it on the tile floor.
“Goodness! James!” Mrs. Zola cried as she sprang to her feet. “So clumsy!” The floor was covered in a spray of glass and liquid, the white milk blending seamlessly into the white tiles. 
“He breaks something every day,” she continued as she went to the counter to get the paper towel. “If that doesn’t show brain damage, I don’t know what does!”
James was standing by the counter, his shoes and the bottom of his jeans were splattered with drops of milk. His one hand was clenched in a fist, but other than that reaction he looked like he wasn’t even aware of Mrs. Zola as she minced around trying to pick up the shards of glass and liquid at the same time. 
Phil found himself smiling. “Hello, James,” he said as he stood. James’ eyes snapped to his, the hurt and anger reflected in them was as plain as day. “My name’s Phil Coulson and I’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - High School
Phil Coulson is a Great Dad
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
Protective Phil Coulson
Adopted Children
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Mute Bucky
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Clint Barton
Hurt Tony Stark
All the Boys Get Hurt
Past Child Abuse
Past Mention of Parent Death
BAMF Pepper Potts
Alternate Universe - No Junior Drivers' License Regulations
Apologies to the NY State DMV

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor

