Chapter 1: i’m thinking something’s gotta give
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter is so fucking tired.
Being a graduate student is like two full time jobs in and of itself.
But being a graduate student, a freelance photographer, and a friendly nighttime vigilante?
Now that’s just suicide.
He knew something would have to give. Eventually. But it was always just one more paragraph on his thesis, one more photo to make sure he didn’t starve that week, and what’s one more hour of patrol when he’s already on a roll anyways?
And because he’s Peter Parker, something did give.
Literally. As in, not metaphorically. At the worst time possible.
As in it’s-finals-week-and-also-his-rent-is-due-tomorrow-and-he-needs-to-sell-the-pictures-in-the-morning-to-make-that-but-he’s-currently-immobile-in-an-alley-because-both-of-his-legs-are-twisted-in-ways-they-shouldn’t-be type of bad timing.
So, maybe he got a bit overzealous with thinking his patrol could go on just a little longer. And maybe he really didn’t want to take the night off to restock his web fluid even though he knows he should have because he’s 98% sure he flunked his exam earlier and needed to let some steam off—I mean, who even decided that a B in graduate seminars is failing anyways? Peter would like to have a talk with them. A conversation, if you will. One that maybe involves just a teeny bit more intimidation than is probably acceptable for the average exchange of words.
But. He can’t. Do any of that, that is. Because he can’t fucking move.
He barely registers the pain, for some reason. All he feels is the gravelly asphalt against his back, the freezing rain falling against his face.
Ok, well, not for no reason. Peter is smart (see: graduate student, although you don’t need to have a brain so much as you do sheer willpower via spite, and luckily Peter hates himself so much that he just has enough of the latter). He knows he’s in shock.
One moment he was swinging, and when he reached to continue propelling himself…nothing happened. The shooter gave out.
He slammed face first into a building and fell about a cool, say, twenty stories, while wildly flailing about before landing feet first. Honestly, breaking both legs was probably the best possible outcome he could ask for in that situation.
He wills himself to lift his head to try to assess the damage further, but his head instantly swims and nausea threatens to consume him. Head back down it is. Considering how hard he both slammed into the building and fell over after hitting the ground, he wouldn’t be surprised if he was also concussed.
So, that was a problem.
Sure, he had enhanced healing, but there was no way his legs were going to be fully functional for a few days. Maybe he could manage to drag himself home on them by the morning, but it would be fucking tedious.
Yet another stupid mistake. Another hour was another mile he strayed further from his place. Granted, it still wasn’t as far as Queens, which he promptly left after suffocating in the familiarity as a forgotten face. It was easier to live in the city proper anyways with going to school and working there, but man don’t even get him started on the price, he’s luckily got a good thing going on with Mrs. Gao by renting the space above her Chinatown restaurant, which is both a blessing and a curse because he has to live above the most amazing smells that he very often can’t afford but she gives him a pretty good rate on the place and man, he really doesn’t want to miss this rent payment tomorrow—
He wills himself to focus, trying to ignore the bubbling building in his brain. He’s not even sure what he means by that, but the description fits.
The facts are this: he’s in an alley. Somewhere in Midtown, he’s pretty sure. It’s dark and well-removed, so he at least doesn’t need to worry about the cops finding him for a bit. It would really suck to try to run from the police on two broken legs.
He can’t bring himself to lift his head again, so he brings his wrist to his face to check the time on his very practical and inexpensive digital watch, since he’s taken to losing them on a near monthly basis. It’s hard to make out the time through the rain, or maybe it’s the potential head injury, but he thinks the display blinks back 3am.
Sunrise is at 7am. That gives him about four hours to pull himself behind the nearby dumpster and try to lick his wounds enough to make it home before the sun comes up. He already owns crutches but man that’s going to suck getting up the stairs to his apartment, but he can make more web fluid to help himself tomorrow assuming his head is actually functional which, considering his relatively coherent thoughts, he’s sure it will be. He can get over a minor concussion pretty fast, and he thinks his thoughts are getting imperceptibly sharper as he thinks them.
Suddenly, a sound cuts through said thoughts. Probably undetectable over the light pattering of rain to the av
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Peter is 22
Matt is 28
Peter Parker is a Mess
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
they’re honestly made for each other
Peter Parker’s internal monologue is almost a character in and of itself
Jewish Atheist Peter Parker
Injury
Major Character Injury
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Medical Inaccuracies
Vomiting
Secret Identity

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker

