Chapter 1: Please Remember
    




Chapter Text
You and Yelena glare at each other. Her gun is trained on your head, yours on hers. You thought she'd recognize you, but here you are, questioning everything. You click the safety off and clear your throat. "Так ты собираешься опустить пистолет или мне придется прижать тебя?" You say, stepping closer. She stepped back in response, stumbling slightly on something on the floor. "Don't trip." You say, a smirk forming on your face. She ignores you.  "Почему я должен тебе доверять?" She replies. You could see the bitterness in her eyes, and it made you want to walk away. But you stayed where you were. 
"You don't have to trust me to understand that it's either you put it down or I make you." You take another step. She backed into the counter, making he fall back slightly. You smirked again, but your mind raced to find a plan. Coming here was sort of an impulse decision. You had no idea what you'd do after you took her down. You came here for answers, and now that you knew she didn't remember you, you knew she couldn't help you. Not that she would, anyways. 
 
"What's it gonna be, Светляк?" Firefly. Her old nickname. You waited tensely for her reaction, covering your anxiety with your signature smirk again. It seemed to be how you hid most of you emotions. She stiffened as a slight look of recognition covered her face, but before you could say more the recognition disappeared, like a spark that had died out instantly. You saw her glance behind you. Even though it was only for a moment, you knew instantaneously that you two weren't alone.
 
In one fluid movement, you ducked and stuck your leg out, swinging it and tripping a dark haired girl dressed in purple and black holding a bow. The girl fell to the ground with a thud, and so did her bow. It slid across the floor. The two of you made eye contact before your reached for it. An inch away from it, someone yanked you into a headlock. You grabbed the arm around your neck and flipped them over, but Yelena was smarter than that. She took you down with her.
 
The air was knocked out of you but you still managed to get to your feet. You saw Yelena at the counter, knife in hand, out of breath. You realized that this would either end very luckily for you or very badly. You mouthed a silent prayer to the void that it'd be in your favor and prepared for the worst. She came at you with a right hook, exactly what you'd expected. You landed a blow to her ribs and she staggered back. You took your chance and pinned her down to the ground, and she stared up at you, still panting. You were slightly out of breath as well. 
 
Then, once again, the same look of confused recognition shined on your face when your eyes met. You hoped she'd truly remember this time. "Who are you?" Her Russian accent was thick with emotion you couldn't recognize. 
 
You thought of how to answer. You were hoping she'd know who you were, 'cause you sure as hell didn't know. All you knew was that your name was Y/N, and that you woke up in a stranger's house two weeks ago. And that Yelena knew you since you were kids. But before you had time to reply, something crashed into your head and shattered around you. Your vision went black as a dark blanket of unconsciousness fell over you. The last thing you remember is when your head hit the cold tile floor.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Yelena Belova/Reader
Yelena Belova & Reader
Kate Bishop/Reader
Kate Bishop & Reader
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop/Reader

freeform: 
Soft Yelena Belova
Bisexual Kate Bishop
POV Female Character
Protective Kate Bishop
Protective Yelena Belova

fandom: 
Yelena Belova/Reader
Yelena Belova & Reader
Kate Bishop/Reader
Kate Bishop & Reader
Yelena Belova/Kate Bishop/Reader

