Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Druig’s nervous. He can’t deny it, as much as he wants to, but he thinks it’s perfectly reasonable to be nervous for your first party at university. Maybe it’s a bit sad, that it’s early November and this is Druig’s first university party, but in his defence, he deliberately picked the same university as Ajak and Phastos so he wouldn’t have to strike out and attempt to make friends on his own.And he’s been content with Ajak and Phastos, has always been content with Ajak and Phastos, but since Ajak first started hanging out with her roommate Sersi and her friends at the start of the year, introducing them to Druig and Phastos has been her pet project.It all comes to a head here, Druig thinks, at Ajak’s birthday party. That’s the part that gets him het-up, stressing about not being chatty enough or funny enough or smiley enough, but he owes it to Ajak to deal with it, he thinks, because after all it is her birthday and after all it is Ajak, but Druig still wants to bolt when she knocks on the door. Beside him, Phastos grits his teeth in sympathy, his eyes on his phone as he presumably texts the guy he’d recently started dating, Ben. Druig steels himself as they hear footsteps on the other side of the door, someone’s shadow growing closer through the frosted glass. He feels… wrong. Even though he’s got his binder on, having gone without it all day because Ajak has a sixth sense for when he binds unsafely and would absolutely have called him out on it, Druig’s suddenly too aware of it all. The slight bump of his chest. The way the curve of his hips is visible through his t-shirt when the wind blows his jacket aside.The door opens, revealing a tall, broad-shouldered young man around Druig’s age. He fills the doorframe so completely that the door seems to cringe away from him into submission, yet the illusion is sort of ruined by the tray of pizzas balanced precariously on one large hand and the purple and yellow flowery apron stretched over his muscled chest.  Druig’s mind thankfully supplies the boy’s name immediately, the several frantic questions he’d asked Ajak as they walked over finally bearing fruit. The boy’s name is Gilgamesh, Druig’s pretty sure. He studies catering. “Birthday girl!” Gilgamesh beams, moving forward to hug Ajak and then belatedly realising he has his arms full of pizza. He kisses her cheek instead, before turning to Druig and Phastos, hovering awkwardly behind Ajak. “Druig and Phastos, right?”“Right!” says Druig, and to his ears he sounds too much, too chirpy, but Gilgamesh doesn’t seem to notice. “And you’re Gilgamesh, right?”“That’s me!”“I hear your cooking is excellent,” Phastos grins. It seems to break the ice, because Gilgamesh starts loading them up with slices of pizza, describing the flavours and the other food awaiting them in the kitchen. Druig starts to relax a little, because Gilgamesh seems perfectly nice and anyway, he’s not convinced anyone could feel anxious when they’re eating pizza this good, with such a crisp, crunchy crust and topped with seemingly every topping Druig likes. He wonders if Ajak tipped Gilgamesh off and told him that Druig likes ham and pineapple and Phastos likes mushrooms and peppers and extra cheese, and the thought warms his heart. Later, though, Druig’s feeling anything but at ease, even after successfully navigating the treacherous waters of introducing himself to all of Ajak’s friends. They’ve sung Ajak happy birthday and she’s opened all her presents and the pizza and cake have all been demolished, so Druig isn’t too worried about missing out on anything key as he slips outside for a breather. It’s not that Druig dislikes parties, it’s just that after a while they get a little bit unbearable. Well. More than a little bit. He’d tried to make his excuses a while ago, when Kingo turned up the music and started pulling people up to dance, but when Sersi’s friend Dane arrived with a gang of his fellow English Literature students in tow, Druig decided he really had had enough for a while. Phastos is nowhere in sight, probably texting Ben party updates somewhere less offensively loud, so Druig snags another beer from the fridge and sneaks outside. The cool air stings his too-hot face in the best kind of way and when Druig sighs he feels the tension building up inside him start to dissolve. He checks his phone, finding a text from Ajak letting him know she’d save him a couple of shots if he wanted them. Druig replies, letting her know that he’s gone outside for a bit, and then leans against the wide, bumpy trunk of a sturdy oak tree, drawing idle patterns in the soil with the toe of his boot. The person comes from nowhere, dropping from the branches above Druig in a red and gold whirl and landing on the ground with a bump. If he’s ever asked, Druig will deny the fact that he yelped with surprise, hopping away from the tree as fast as his legs can carry him. He looks up at the person, managing to put a name to the face. Makkar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)
Ajak & Druig (Eternals)
Druig & Phastos (Marvel)
Ajak & Druig & Gilgamesh & Ikaris & Kingo & Makkari & Phastos & Sersi & Sprite & Thena (Eternals)
background Phastos/Ben
background Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

freeform: 
Trans Druig
Trans Male Character
Druig is on the Asexuality Spectrum
Makkari is on the Asexuality Spectrum
Queerplatonic Relationships
Alternate Universe - College/University
Getting Together
Drukkari Supremacy
ajak is the mum friend argue with the wall
Alternate Universe - No Powers
but i make way too many jokes about druig being a mind reader
Dysphoria
Transphobia
Nonbinary Sprite (Eternals)

fandom: 
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)
Ajak & Druig (Eternals)
Druig & Phastos (Marvel)
Ajak & Druig & Gilgamesh & Ikaris & Kingo & Makkari & Phastos & Sersi & Sprite & Thena (Eternals)
background Phastos/Ben
background Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

