Work Text:
"You get along very well with him."Anthony's eyebrows furrowed for a moment in confusion as he looked up from his tablet so Loki elaborated."Barnes."The mortal snorted and turned back to his work."Yeah, well, you knew I would before you ever brought him here. Wasn't that what the whole scene upstairs was about?"Barnes had only left them about an hour beforehand, once Tony had dragged them both down to the lab and taken a look at the metal arm. He'd tweaked it a bit and had informed the assassin that he'd have an upgraded model figured out and created by their next playdate."I certainly knew you would find him attractive. I suppose I underestimated how much you would like him as an individual, though."A brunette head popped up again and huge, honey-colored eyes stared at him in disbelief."Oh, my God, are you jealous?"Loki bristled, snarling as he heard the amusement in his lover's voice."No.""You are!"Anthony sounded completely too over-joyed for Loki's tastes, but he was setting aside his tablet and making a beeline for the god anyway. He slid his hands up to cup either side of Loki's face and rose up on his tiptoes to kiss him like the building was burning down around them. His eyes were smoldering by the time he pulled away."I don't think you have any idea how hot that is."Tension eased out of Loki at Anthony's words. Objectively, he knew that his lover hadn't been making fun of him, but it was hard to shake off over a thousand years of conditioned response. To know that Anthony actually found his jealousy, because, yes, he was jealous, attractive was more than he had honestly hoped for. He arched one eyebrow delicately."Really? Is that was gets you off, dearest? Knowing that I loathe the thought of you with another? I thought we'd long-since been over that."He purred into Anthony's ear, his tongue darting out to lightly trace the shell of it and make the mortal shudder in his arms."Yeah, but to see it?" The man pushed in close, his erection pressing against Loki's thigh. "Indescribable."A growl wrenched itself from Loki's throat as he hoisted Anthony into the air, spinning and slamming the mortal's back against the nearest wall. Anthony grunted with the impact, but was still quick to use it as leverage to arch his body further into Loki's. The god could feel the mortal's half-hard cock pressing against his stomach as Anthony's legs bracketed his hips."You test me, mortal." Nose buried in Anthony's neck, it only took Loki a mere thought to banish the inventor's shirt and skim his sides with his fingertips. "You Midgardians are so fragile, so easy to break…Surely it would be too much for you to be intimate so soon after our recent activities."Barnes had stayed for two more rounds and a nap before they'd finally managed to head down to the lab, and then only at Anthony's insistence. Loki had been quite glad that he'd given Anthony a steady supply of potions to up his stamina. The fact that they would also help his rate of healing and possibly extend his life a bit was entirely irrelevant. Really."Oh, babe," Anthony gasped as he ground their hips together, "I can take anything you have to give me."Loki panted hotly, lavishing the skin before him with kisses before biting down savagely enough for the skin to break and blood to flood his mouth. He licked the wound soothingly, knowing the potions would keep it from scaring but that it would still last for some time. He did so enjoy marking his mortal with the signs of ownership."Do not tempt me so, my love. It would be so simple to ruin you, to wreck you completely. Always, I must be wary of the strength I use, how much you can handle. It would be such a pity to break you beyond repair."Anthony's head lolled back against the wall as he all but rutted against Loki's frame. His erection was like a brand, even through Loki's clothes, and it was obvious how much the mortal wanted it. It never failed to amaze Loki how sometimes his lover could be so calm and collected in bed and others he was little more than a begging, mewling puddle of desire."Maybe I wanna be wrecked." Anthony pulled the god's face up to mouth along his jawline, licking away the traces of blood that were smeared around his mouth. "Maybe I want you to pound me into the wall right here and right now because I know how much more I would feel it. I bet you wouldn't even need to stretch me."Loki's hands slid down to grab hold of Anthony's ass and squeeze tightly, making the mortal whimper deliciously. He banished the man's jeans with merely a thought so he could feel the other's flesh beneath his fingers."How sore you must be…If I were to flip you over right now and look, would you hole be red and puffy from how much you were worked earlier? Would it still be spread wide and fluttering as it begged to be filled?" He thrust up, grinding his own erection against the cleft of Anthony's ass. "Do you still ache for a cock after all you have already had? What a greedy boy you are."Anthony captured
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Referenced James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP without Porn
Smut
Jealousy
Dirty Talk
Dom/sub
Collars
Possessive Behavior

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Referenced James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

