Work Text:
The two men stared at each other.
“I-I…”
“Spidey!” Wade cut him off with a squeak. “You’re pretty!”
Peter flushed. His mask had been destroyed in the last alien attack and he had hightailed it home before anyone could see him. Since it was past midnight, and the aliens had only just been vanquished, he figured no one would see him.
He hadn’t counted on one crazy merc.

XXX

“Wade you can’t…. you can’t tell anyone about this.”
Wade blinked twice, not listening to him. Spidey was hot. 
“Wade!”
“Hmm?”
“You. Can’t. Tell. Anyone.”
“What will you give me for it?” Wade said, his mouth working without any input from his brain, which had probably fried with Peter’s hotness. He was too hot.
[Hot damn]
“W-what?”
“Have sex with me.”
Wow, had he said that? He hadn’t meant that. He opened his mouth to laugh it off, make some sort of joke-
“Okay.”
Wade blinked twice and bit back a confused “What”. This was a negotiation after all, and if Wade knew one thing, besides chimichangas, guns, or the Golden Girls, it was negotiating. 
“Real, proper sex,” Wade clarified.
Spidey gave him a look. “I get the idea.”

XXX

Peter examined Wade carefully.
He wasn’t used to dealing with him unmasked. Normally there was a thin layer of cloth to protect his face from Wade’s scrutiny. Now he was standing there, bare, flushing and agreeing to have sex with someone who, was not only deranged and a murderer, but the source of constant frustration for the Spider-Man.
And for Peter too – but for a completely different reason.
Not that he’d ever ever admit being attracted to Wade. Because he wasn’t. He just had a type, and Wade just happened to fit that type. The funny, tall, muscle type, full of pop culture references that only got, strong enough to handle whatever Peter gave him and… and maybe his type had evolved a bit since meeting Wade.
He was a superhero, it made sense for him to want people in the same line of work, right? He was almost 100% sure that Captain America and Iron Man was sleeping together, so it wasn’t that weird that scrawny Parker would be attracted to Deadpool. It was just nature. Darwin’s theory of evolution. Survival of the fittest. And god, was Wade fit.
Which he definitely wasn’t thinking about, cos he was still unmasked and Wade was three feet away.
And it wasn’t as if being a superhero gave him many chances to hook up. More often than not, he went to bed unsatisfied. And here Wade was, offering himself on a silver platter. A win-win scenario, if Wade could keep his word and not tell anyone his secret identity. Peter pushed the thought away. Even if Wade didn’t renegade on the deal, it wasn’t as if Peter was helpless. He had the Avengers on his side after all, and Tony had come out and then retconned more times than Peter could count. Not that anyone would believe Deadpool anyway.
He looked Wade in the eyes.
“Where do you want to do this?”
Wade tilted his head. “I hear the rooftops are a classic,” he said cautiously.
Peter looked around the rooftop they were on. “It’s a bit dirty.”
“What we’re about to do is even dirtier.”
“Right, so other people can see me and then I’ll have to pay them off too?”
“I have an apartment nearby,” Wade finally said.
Peter waved a hand. Technically they were on his building, but he didn’t want to let Wade know that just yet. May as well keep some secrets. “Lead the way.”

XXX

“Enjoy Casa Deadpool!” Wade said as he opened his penthouse’s door.
The apartment was one of Wade’s good ones, fancy and barely lived in. After all, if he was going to get laid, and this wasn’t some cruel joke on Spidey’s part… may as well do it in style.
And hey, maybe the nice sheets might distract Spidey from all his scars.
He rubbed the back of his head awkwardly and turned to face Spider-Man, who was looking around sheepishly.
Wade’s hands hovered by his side. “Ready?”
“Bedroom?”
Wade nodded and strode towards the bedroom, not looking back to check if the other was following, giving the man the chance to run away.
He was almost surprised when the door shut behind him with Spidey still in the room.
Spider-Man gave him an unflinching look.
“Last chance to run,” Wade chirped.
Spider-Man nodded, but made no move to go.
“Okay,” Wade said, his hands reaching up to touch his mask. He hesitated again, and then, in a swift move, pulled it off and closed the distance between them, moving to get in a kiss before Spidey ran screaming.
The other man stiffened for a second, then tilted his head, pulling on Wade’s outfit and pulling him closer.
[Is he blind?]
‘No I think that’s another hero.’
[He’s not running.]
‘He’s kissing us.’
[Weird.]
‘What do we do?’
[Milk it for all it’s worth.]
‘Sounds good to me.’

XXX

Peter reluctantly pulled away, resting his head on Wade’s chest and breathing in.
Wade was a good kisser. He tasted stronger than anyone Peter had ever kissed before, a mixture of spice and blood, still recovering from some fight or other, his lips dry and scarred, a completely unique experience.
Peter was doom
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spideypool

freeform: 
Smut
First Time
possible dub con
Identity Reveal
Scarred Wade
Humor
Light Angst
Mutual Pining
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Spideypool

