Chapter 1: ACT 1:  “Are you jealous?”
    




Chapter Text
 They were almost done with the briefing for their next mission when Coulson’s phone rang.However, it wasn’t Coulson’s usual phone.It was the ancient Nokia that he usually only had on him when he was back at HQ, or off duty.  He never carried in when on a mission.Clint had heard it ring three times before in the six years he’d known Coulson, although he was pretty sure he’d missed a bunch of them, mainly because he might have developed feelings for the man but that didn’t mean he hung around Coulson all the time. He just kinda wanted to.The first time had been just after Coulson had decided to take on a cocky, asshole archer who’d been freshly recruited to SHIELD by the selfsame Phil Coulson, with a well-placed bullet in the thigh.  It had been during a lecture where Clint was supposed to act contrite for putting blue dye in another agent’s shampoo, because he’d questioned the archer’s shooting abilities.  Coulson was supposed to have been chewing him a new one but was actually finding the situation hilarious, which meant he tacitly approved but had to go through the motions and pretend to be upset.  The phone had rung, Coulson had held up a single finger, pulled that ugly, boxy phone out of his desk drawer, and had spoken to the person on the other end for two minutes.  The conversation had been somewhat cryptic to Clint’s curious ears although he understood the acceptance of dinner at someplace called Giuseppe’s well enough. It had been the first time the archer had seen Coulson truly smile.After he’d hung up, Clint had had to be an asshole about it – what could he say, it had been his default setting back then, not that it was anymore – and ask his new handler if he had some sort of hot date.“Classified,” Coulson had answered, his lips still smiling.Clint could possibly put that moment as the beginning of his slow slide into unrequited love for Phil Coulson.  That smile had been deadly in its pure happiness.The second time had been just as they were starting a debrief from what had been an easy bag and tag mission; honestly, those sorts of missions shouldn’t even need debriefs, they were that boring and a waste of Strike Team Delta’s talents.  Coulson had taken that call, his face going from pleasure into a sick sort of paleness; he’d said, “I’ll be right there,” and then hung up.  Natasha and Clint had glanced at one another as Coulson stood up hurriedly, telling them that the debrief was on hold, and had left in a flurry of flying coattails and horror.He'd returned two days later, looking very much better.  Clint had asked him if everything was alright, and Coulson had nodded, said something about a sick friend, and had left it at that.Some friend, if Coulson had taken off out of there so fast.  And Fury had let him, apparently, because there hadn’t been any temper tantrums while Coulson hadn’t been there to be the buffer between Fury and idiocy, as he was so good at being.Then, the third time, Clint had only caught the last part of the conversation; it sounded as if Coulson was making a date for something, but he hadn’t been able to make it out; one of his hearing aids had shorted out during an op, and he’d been waiting for the replacement so his hearing hadn’t been up to snuff.  After that, Coulson had taken a week’s vacation, coming back with a tan, a healing scrape across one cheek, a fading black eye, a bounce in his step and a smug expression on his face.“Bird watching,” was the answer he gave when Clint has asked about the injuries. “Some birds,” he’d snarked back, in order to hide the way he suddenly wanted to take Coulson home and feed him soup.Coulson had given him a shit-eating grin.  “You have no idea.”“I’m not letting you go on one of those damned thrush hunts again if you come back damaged,” Fury had raged about it, cornering Coulson in his office in order to rant.  Coulson had simply given him a nod, his eyes smiling even as his features were that bland mask that was louder than someone screaming, ‘Fuck you!’, and had let himself get chewed out.   Fury must have realized he wasn’t getting his point across because he’d just stormed out of Coulson’s office, his coat flowing dramatically behind him, muttering something about an ‘Uncle’ and ‘Waverly’.Clint had just stared.  And fallen in love with Coulson all over again at the sheer badassery of standing up to Nick Motherfucking Fury like that.  Anyone else would have been shitting themselves.Although, he was really curious about that ‘thrush hunt’ thing.  Because no bird would have caused those injuries, unless Coulson was out there wrestling mutant birds or something. That was unfair if he had been, because Clint wanted to see mutant birds.  That would have been awesome.This time, they’d been going over the mission they were scheduled to go on tomorrow when the mysterious phone rang; some gun runner was bringing weapons into Belize, and it was rumored that some of them were actual 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Napoleon Solo & Phil Coulson
Strike Team Delta - Relationship

freeform: 
Crossover
Not Canon Compliant
Canon-Typical Violence
Napoleon and Phil are Army Buddies
Mutual Pining
Jealousy
Explosions

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Napoleon Solo & Phil Coulson
Strike Team Delta - Relationship

