Chapter 1: The Moment You Wonder Far From Me
    




Chapter Text

An eight year old Wade Wilson clung to his mother, her soft blonde hair falling into his face as he pouted, “But 

mère

, I don’t want to leave. I love Canada!” he felt tears in his blue eyes.

His  mother held him tightly, “I know that you do, 

mon petit lion

, but we have to leave. Your father...he wasn’t the same man I fell in love with many years ago when he came back from the military.” she looked sad, and Wade wondered why, he knew his dad was a ‘bad man’ but sighed and nodded, “I know, 

mère

, I’ll go pack my stuff.” he shot her a toothy grin, getting down and packing his expansive Hello Kitty backpack full of things; a few sets of clothes, shoes, a toothbrush, some toys and a blanket or two, he loved soft fluffy blankets. He threw his favourite hoodie over his head, it was red and had patches of leather on the elbows, with a Hello Kitty symbol on the left side of the chest, people were dumb, in Wade’s opinion, to say that Sanrio was just for girls, because Sanrio was awesome.

His mother took his hand and he noticed a taxi in the yard waiting to bring them to the airport, he thought and grinned, he’d never been on a plane before and this would definitely be exciting. He fell asleep shortly after getting into the taxi, his mother smiling fondly at him.

He woke up when the plane landed and grinned broadly, “

Mère, sommes-nous là maintenant ?

” She smiled softly at him, noticing he had been practising the French books she had given him, people sometimes spoke French in Canada, and she had always loved the language, some of her family coming from there. She replied softly, “You’ve been practising, 

mon petit un

. You’ve gotten very good at it and yes, we’re here, Wade.” He grinned and softly spoke, “Yay! I can’t wait to see our new house, do we have a new house, 

mère

?”

She smiled softly, “Yes, we do. Come now, let’s go.” They got settled with their bags, getting a taxi to the small house that they would be living in until Hailey could get a job, hoping to look into that very soon, but Wade would be going to his new school the next morning, so they got set to unpacking, and soon, ordered takeout from a nearby French bakery, baguettes and onion soup with quiche, little chocolate pastries to finish.

Wade asked his mother, “Can I bring some of those to school tomorrow in case I make friends?” he looked at her softly. She nodded, putting them into a small Tupperware dish for him, “I’ll keep them in the fridge so that they are fresh for the morning. Now, go get your pyjamas on and I’ll come tuck you in.” A half hour’s time ran by and soon the young blond haired man was tucked into bed, snuggling close to a huge fuzzy Kitty White plush, who was dressed in a pretty blue and white sailor outfit with a blue bow on her ear instead of the traditional red or pink.

Morning came, and he excitedly got ready for breakfast, grabbing some croissants and a banana for breakfast with orange juice before getting changed and waiting for his mother to drop him off, putting the Tupperware box of chocolate pastries in his bag with a smile.

The first few hours of school were hard, there was a guy in his class that was a real jerk, Eugene Thompson, who everyone called Flash. Wade had decided that he didn’t like him, a stubborn decision for a third-grader. He went outside during recess and decided that no one in his grade was worth making friends with, most were too scared or in awe of Flash to even try and make friends with him, but that was just fine.

A few minutes later, he saw a cute brown haired boy being pushed to the ground by one of Flash’s cronies, the kid couldn’t have been that much younger than him, but he was so small, litle a kitten. Wade noticed that he was all alone too, so he walked over when the crowd disappeared.

“Hey, I’m Wade, I saw what they did, it was so mean! You seem nice and I wondered if you’d want to sit with me?” he asked the sniffing brunet.

Peter got up and nodded slowly, offering him his hand to shake shyly, “I’m Peter Stark. It’s nice to meet you, Wade. You seem nice too.” he shyly added, mop of brown hair falling into his eyes a little.

Wade looked at him, this boy reminded him of Kitty White; small, soft and cute, so he decided then and there that they’d be friends and he would protect Peter from Flash and his cronies. He gently hugged him, “We’re going to be friends, Pete. If they try to hurt you, just come get me, and I’ll help. I think you’re a few grades below me, but that’s okay.” he shot him an easy grin, pressing his head gently to the top of Peter’s.

The small brunet felt so safe in his new friend’s arms, but wondered why, not questioning it long enough. He grinned toothily at him, “Thank you, Wade! No one’s ever stuck up for me before, not even Harry, who’s supposed to be my best friend...but he forgets sometimes.” Big brown eyes met Wade’s looking vulnerable, “You...you won’t forget me, will you?”


[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is a Mess
Minor Loki/Tony Stark
Flash Thompson Bullies Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Childhood Sweethearts
Spider-Man Identity Reveal
Mean Deadpool Thought Boxes
Trans Peter Parker
Protective Wade Wilson
Wade Wilson Takes Care of Peter Parker
Gwen Stacy & Peter Parker Friendship
Jealous Harry Osborn
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Dirty Talk
Dirty Thoughts
Lube
Anal Fingering
Gentle Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Kissing
Rough Sex
Making Love
Making Out
Loki taught Peter how to be a tease

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

