Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Frigga was finally allowed to see her youngest son after he reverted into his Jötunn skin and started screaming. The guards alerted Odin and she and Thor quickly raced through the palace, Frigga uncaring of the annoyed look her husband gave her. When he tried to stop her from descending into the dungeons she glared at him.'You listen to me,' she hissed, 'you are my King, and my husband. But Loki is my son , no matter what he has done. I will see him now or I will leave you for Vanaheimr and never return, is that understood?'Odin hesitated before he swallowed thickly and stepped back, granting Frigga access. She sniffed at him and hurried down the steps, Thor on her heels.When they reached the last cell Frigga gasped.'Oh Valhalla,' she murmured, 'Odin, allow me through.''Excuse me?' the King demanded.'Loki is in labour!' Frigga shouted at him.Odin's good eye widened and he slammed his stave against the ground, the golden spell keeping Loki in and others out disappearing immediately. Loki was curled up on the floor, in the corner, on a bed of blankets and pillows. His hands were pressed against the rounded swell of his stomach and sweat was beading his sapphire blue skin, turning to ice before it could travel past his cheekbones.The glamour that he had been using to hide his condition was gone.'M-Mother,' Loki stuttered through the pain.'You stupid boy,' Frigga growled, 'why did you not tell us?'Loki's eyes flashed over her shoulder. 'You know what will happen now,' he said. 'The Fates have seen that my children will help destroy Asgard. It is why I've never had children bef-  ah !' He hunched over himself as best he could, but his magic was failing him; it was allowing pain through, stripped away due to the impending birth. Frigga wondered how long Loki had been this way- how long had he been able to hide his labour while stuck in this cell?Frigga pushed Loki's hands aside and laid her own on his stomach, fingers digging in through his soft green tunic. It was ripping at the seams due to Loki's weight gain, and she stared at the threads barely holding it together as she worked her healing magic.'It is time,' she announced. 'Odin, Thor, leave. I will deliver the babe.''But Mother-' Thor tried, only for the Queen to round on him.'I was not asking, Thor!' she snapped. 'I was ordering! Odin, take our son and your guards and  leave .'Odin didn't hesitate this time; he nodded and drew the guards away, Thor trailing behind him looking lost. She heard them stop at the end of the room, leaving her and her baby boy only a small sliver of privacy.Loki chuckled, drawing her attention back to him.'He will return,' the Frost Giant said, teeth gritted. 'He will return and steal my babe, and I will not be able to stop him. Failing motherhood and I have not even truly begun.''Nonsense,' Frigga tsked. 'You risked your life to keep this babe safe, Loki. You are already a wonderful mother.'Loki's eyes went hooded at that, dark, and Frigga pursed her lips. Once upon a time her youngest had lapped up all praise she gave him, for he got it nowhere else. Now he accepted nothing, saw lies beneath every word spoken to him.He did not even believe his mother any more. And Frigga could not blame him.What happened next stole Frigga's attention and she concentrated on delivering Loki's babe, her grandson or granddaughter. Loki didn't scream until his body ripped, and then it echoed throughout the hall, grating on Frigga's ears and making her wish that there was more that she could do.But there was no time. Within twenty minutes of arriving, the babe was out, screaming along with  his father.A boy.Frigga summoned one of Loki's tunics and wrapped the babe, cleaning everything away with spells and her own two hands. Loki slumped heavily against the wall, deep purple bags beneath his red eyes. Frost clung to his hair and the temperature within the cell had plummeted, barely above freezing.Despite his obvious exhaustion, Loki propped himself up as best he could and reached for the babe. Frigga handed him over, watching the love that only a parent could feel spread over Loki's face.'Hello, little one,' Loki whispered. The babe cried out and Loki shushed him. 'It is okay. I will take care of-' He cut himself off suddenly and swallowed. When he looked up at Frigga his eyes were green, and as she watched his skin bled from blue to white. 'What now?' he asked.Frigga wet her lips. 'Now you name him, Loki.'Loki scoffed. 'So he can have a name before he is executed?'' Loki .''He will do it and you know it,' Loki muttered. 'He would have executed me if not for you. Do not tell me you believe otherwise, my Queen.''I am your  mother , Loki, and that will never change!' Frigga said sharply. Loki didn't look at her, his eyes remaining on his son.The babe had wisps of dark brown hair atop his head, and when he sluggishly peeled his eyes open they were a warm o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
non-graphic birth scene
More tags to be added
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki Needs a Hug
Intersex Loki
Kid Fic
or baby fic rather

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

