Chapter 1: Prologue/Chapter 1: Guess I’m Immortal/ I Just Want Some Coffee
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It started all the way back in World War Two. Well, technically it started on April 17th, 1920. I was born Zachary Morgan, the lone son of a farmer and a woman I never knew. I grew up pretty normal, or as normal as you could in the time of the first war. We called it the Great War then. How foolish was that?Anyway, it did start in World War Two. I was 21 or so at the time, and America had decided to enter the war. I was drafted to enter, and I went. I’ll be honest, the first few years of my life were boring as hell. But, then something changed. I was assigned to storm Omaha Beach on D-Day. It’s ironic that the day known as ‘Doomsday’ would be the start of my life, but I don’t control fate. Or at least, I didn’t then.The first thing I remembered after the ringing in my ears died down was that I needed to move. I had no clue what had just happened, but I had enough sense still in me to get behind cover. I somehow got to a tank blocker unharmed, and I leaned against it, starting to assess the situation. But as I remembered, it made no sense.I recalled the sound of the raft’s door opening, and the hot wet feeling of blood on my face, placed there by the explosion of a soldier's head in front of me. I kept moving, as ordered by a shouting officer before his stomach turned red, and got to the shore. Before I could get behind cover, I felt twin impacts slam into my chest and knee, and went down.But, then I got up again. I didn’t know what had happened. I looked down, and saw the tears in my uniform, one where my ribs met and another underneath my kneecap. I prodded the hole in my shirt, but felt no hole, no pain. I felt the other hole in my pants, to the same result. And, as any sane person would when faced with an implausible survival would react, I laughed maniacally, waving my arms and screaming “I’m never gonna die!” at the top of my lungs. Naturally, I was then slammed into the ground by a mortar shell.And then, I got up again, taking in a deep breath. I looked down, and found my clothes burnt and scorched. But, as with the bullet holes, I wasn’t injured. Having realized what was happening, I looked to my left, and found a dead soldier's uniform. In a daze, I reclothed myself, grabbed my tags and reloaded the Garand beside the dead soldier, and got back into the fight. Later, they told me I stormed 3 bunkers and killed over 50 soldiers. A lot of others were amazed by how I wasn’t harmed in the slightest. But I was focused on something else.During the battle, I ran into someone. She was tall, taller than most of the other men in the army. She had odd clothing, so like the dumb American I used to be, I assumed she was French. I watched her run into a bunker without a weapon, seemingly without a plan. Thinking both her and myself crazy, I followed her, storming into the bunker with my Garand fully loaded.But what I saw astounded me. She was slamming into the Germans with strength unknown, sending them flying into the concrete walls of the bunker. I stood there, shocked, my eyes wide. I barely even noticed when she used a glowing lasso to pull a running German to her, before this strange woman, this wonderful woman, flew off into the sky. I shook myself out of my stupor, and continued onward. I later learned that the public called her Wonder Woman.After the war, I returned to America with a Medal Of Honor. I was informed coldly that my father had died of heart failure during the time I was away, and that I now owned the farm. I sold said farm to a young man that wanted to be called Mr. Kent. I called him Johnny, and told him to take care of the farm. I moved, and started a company in a relatively large town outside of Gotham, making prosthetics for vets of the recent war, and those to come.My business grew, as I branched out to help anyone who had lost limbs in the war. But, I wanted to avoid the spotlight, so I never disclosed my name. I kept my small job, moving the company and myself to Gotham. We were approached by many companies, but I ignored them all, citing to the news that “I want to help people, not line anyone’s pockets.”I faded from the public eye, as the years went on. I quickly learned what had saved me from dying on D-Day, as well as multiple points later in the war. From what I had gathered, I had the ability to evolve. That was a blanket term, but it was the best I had. When my body was about to die, or was about to be in a scenario in which I was going to die, my body evolved to negate that death, and gain traits to never die from that scenario again. When I was shot, my body evolved to completely halt any pointed projectiles that would have impacted me. When I was hit by the mortar, my body gained complete resistance against explosives. Of course, I learned the latter ability after stepping on twelve mines, but I digress.I lived 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
This has been in my brain for weeks
this is gonna be a long thing
OP OC
Flipping Timelines
Probs a Power Trip
but idk
Chapters Will Be scattered
Bruce Wayne is a Good Parent
Bruce Wayne is Bad at Communicating
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Jason Todd Needs A Hug
Protecting Jason Todd
Protecting Peter Parker
Joker is gonna die
Like outright

fandom: 
None
