Work Text:
Okay. This was the way life worked, if you were Tony Stark. Something would happen, some crisis or other, a stock crash, or a market-anticipation failure, or an alien invasion, or a World-Destroying-Weapon-Of-DOOM about to go off. You know, things. Something would happen, and he'd rush in, do something impossibly brilliant and incredibly foolhardy to fix it, save the day, and then one of two things would happen. Everyone around him would praise him as the best thing since sliced bread (his adoring public), or everyone around him would yell at him for six successive days for being a blithering idiot (everyone in authority, ever).He was rapidly discovering that SHIELD and the Avengers, like Pepper and Rhodey and most of the American military brass before them, tended more towards the latter than the former. In particular, Captain goddamn America, who seemed to take it as a personal affront if anyone outside of himself put themselves at risk at all, Agent Impossibly Stoic Coulson, who had this bland little eyebrow thing he did that managed to convey an entire week's worth of incoherent yelling in one brief, smooth movement, and of course the One-Eyed Wonder himself, Nick Fury, who Tony was beginning to think was more basilisk than cyclops. (What? He dated a few anthropology majors in his day, okay?)Point being, quite a lot of the time, Tony figured that the only one impressed with him on this new team of theirs was himself, Thor (who, to be fair, had the whole rush-blindly-into-danger thing down to a science, but, unfortunately, also had the fact that he was a god to back himself up with), and Barton, who seemed to be mildly sociopathic at times and perfectly happy to cheer Tony blowing himself up if he looked cool doing it. Which, you know, Tony could get behind, if the man didn't have a worrying tendency to cheer himself on doing the same thing, without, you know, the massively high-tech suit of armour to back him up.Tony sometimes figured that Clint was the reason Coulson had that whole eyebrow thing perfected, was his point. Also, that having those two on his side didn't actually do him all that many favours with, you know, the entire rest of SHIELD, and definitely not with Cap.So the one day Tony found himself very clumsily coming in for a landing after the fight, sparking fitfully from (quite a few) places on the armour, but otherwise perfectly fine, thank you very much, to find literally the whole team, Clint and Thor very much included, bracing up to yell at him ... Yeah. That wasn't a good day, okay? And he was all fired set to get into a (very hoarse) screaming row with Cap and Coulson, right there in the street, in fact had his helmet off to do so (though, yeah, also so he could breathe, minor air-filtration problem, nothing too bad, really), when there was a massive THUD right behind him, and Cap's face went from furious to slightly panicked, and Coulson's hand went automatically to his taser, and Tony remembered that, oh yeah, the 'whole team' included one very pissed off, and currently really, really green, Bruce Banner.He was just turning, big reassuring grin fixed to his face, yup, no problems here, sorry about that, Big Guy, when one massive hand wrapped itself securely around his torso, and the whole world got really, really confusing for a minute, because the Hulk plucked him into the air and shook him until his teeth rattled. Just a great big wall of green in front of Tony's face, and a great big wall of sound around Tony's head, because Hulk roared when he was pissed. Boy, did he ever. And Tony hadn't exactly been all that steady before the Jolly Green Giant decided to use him for a maraca (not a concussion, just, you know, some minor light-headedness from the breathing problems, and, um, the slight panic attack/flashback thingy because not being able to breathe sent him back to bad, bad places, but we're not mentioning that one, m'kay?), so ... It took quite a few minutes after the Hulk apparently stopped shaking him for the world to make sense again.It possibly also took a bit longer than that, because the non-violently-shaking world he came back into still didn't make that much sense. Because, when he came back, he was ... pressed up against a great green chest, a thick green arm around the armour's waist keeping him there, with a great big rumbling sound vibrating around him as the Hulk backed up somewhere. Okay. He could have understood that part. It was that ... the Hulk's other hand, the great, big, green, potentially-skull-crushing hand, was ... cupped around the back of Tony's head, kind of shielding the part of him the armour didn't cover at the minute, and one great big thumb was ... brushing, gently, against the side of his head. Kind of ... soothingly? Ish?And it felt familiar, distantly, but he just sort of didn't get it, for a long few minutes, until the little thing at the back of his head that matched up sensations to memories while his higher functions were offl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Team - Relationship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Team Dynamics
PTSD
Natasha is missing for some reason
Mild Language
Fluff
Schmoop

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Team - Relationship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

