Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“Good morning, Miss Stark.  Your mother asked me to wake you now.”Groaning, Felicity Stark rolled over in bed, pushing some of her blonde hair out of her face.  “Why?  And what time is it, JARVIS?”“You would have to ask Mrs. Stark about her reasons.  And it is eight-thirty, Miss Stark.”  The disembodied voice of JARVIS managed to sound discreet and apologetic all at once.  Not bad for an AI originally programmed over thirty years ago.  But after all, her dad was a genius.Throwing back the covers, Felicity sat up, only to flop back down.In response, JARVIS removed the tinting from the smart windows, letting bright sunshine fall over her bed.  He also turned on three different video windows, one of them featuring the grating voice of KTLA’s morning anchor, Tiffany Trent.“The business world is whipping itself into a frenzy this morning, in preparation for today’s Stark Industries press conference.  Tony Stark is expected to make a major announcement about the future of the company--a future rumored to be in the hands of his daughter, Felicity Stark.  The beautiful graduate of MIT has been working at her father’s company for the past six months and--”“Mute, JARVIS, mute!” Felicity whined, pushing herself up.  “I’m up, I’m up.  Just stop her.”Glaring a little at the silenced image of Tiffany--who had been Felicity’s nemesis since they were eight and Tiffany went by Tiffy--Felicity climbed out of bed, her bare feet padding against the floor as she left her room.As she walked through the house towards the kitchen, Felicity rubbed her eyes.  Considering she had gone to bed less than five hours earlier, she felt relatively awake.  A couple of cups of coffee and she’d be good.That is, if her mother didn’t have anything to say about it.Stepping into the kitchen, Felicity spotted her mother sitting at the island, ankles crossed, hair back in a perfect ponytail as she sipped some tea.  Without looking up from the three newspapers spread in front of her, her mother spoke.  “What time did you go to bed?”“Around three-thirty.  Ish,” Felicity said, making a beeline for the coffeemaker.  “I remembered the rule.”Pepper Potts-Stark, CEO of Stark Industries and one of the most powerful women on the West Coast, if not the country, gave Felicity a soft smile. “Four hours before flashbulbs,” she said, referring to the family rule that before any planned press interaction, four hours of sleep was the bare minimum.“Yep,” Felicity said, slurping down her coffee as she watched her mother.  “I had to stop right in the middle of something.  Dad’s gonna be very annoyed.  Well, annoyed until he gets distracted by just what I’ve discovered and then he’ll start talking about how to better optimize the transfer rates and--”“Felicity,” her mother said, smiling softly.  “There is no way your father would be annoyed with you.  Especially not today.”Shuffling her feet, Felicity smiled a little.  “He’s pretty proud, isn’t he?”“We both are,” Pepper said, standing up and walking over to Felicity.  “Although I want to remind you that with the new position, you’re going to have to stop with your student habits.  No more staying up all night to code, all right?”  Pepper paused, then broke out her mischievous grin.  “At least not every night.”Felicity grinned back.  “Thanks, Mom.”  She hugged Pepper tightly, closing her eyes as the fragrance that said ‘Mom’ surrounded her--freesia, citrus, and tea.Pulling back, Felicity finished the coffee in her mug.  “Where’s Dad?” she asked, putting some bread in the toaster.“In his lab, I think,” Pepper said, tidying up her newspaper and carrying her own mug over to the sink.  “I need to get into the office and prep for this afternoon.  JARVIS is under orders to lock you both out of everything at noon, so you have time to get ready for the press conference.”“You know, Mom, I’m twenty-one now.  I don't think I need an electronic babysitter anymore.  And between the two of us, Dad and I could override JARVIS,” Felicity said, leaning back against the counter.“Really?” her mother asked, one strawberry-blonde eyebrow arching.Uh-oh. Felicity put on a big smile.  “I shouldn’t be using JARVIS as a crutch.  And you’re right, I do need to be more responsible with my new position.”Pepper eyed her, then grinned back.  “Nice try, sweetheart.  But you are too much your father’s daughter.”  Felicity knew her mom was proud of her accomplishments and glad that she took after her dad.  But Felicity knew she was also her mother’s daughter, too.  Reaching out, Felicity grabbed Pepper’s hand.  “You know, Starling City is practically a rainforest.  I’m going to need to overhaul my wardrobe.  You want to help me with that this weekend?”  With a happy smile, Pepper nodded.  “I’d love to.”  She pressed a kiss to Felicity’s cheek.  “Have a piece of fruit and some yogurt with your toast, okay?  I’ll see you and your father at the office.”“Two o’clock.  We’ll be there,” Felicity said, heading toward th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Oliver Queen/Felicity Smoak
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
Future Fic

fandom: 
Oliver Queen/Felicity Smoak
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

