Work Text:
 
“I thought we said no phones during study sessions?”  
“We did.”  
“So why have you been sneakily peeking at yours every five minutes?”  
“I haven’t.” 
Peter looks up from his laptop in time to see Shanna slide her phone back under her open textbook. He gives her a pointed look, and she gives him a small sheepish smile in return. Peter sighs and looks back at the graphs for his Advanced Quantum Mechanics class that was pulled up in a powerpoint on his laptop.  
Weekly study sessions at the Empire State library was a normal thing for Peter ever since he had started college four years ago. No matter how busy he got he was strict with himself about setting aside time to actually study. Physics was a hard major and he had learned early on that he couldn’t half ass his work and still get an ‘A’ like he did in high school.
Six months ago Shanna had started joining him when she decided to get a few speciality certifications. Unlike her best friend who went the college route she had decided to jump right into the workforce, and with the recommendation of a friend of her mothers got a job as an ophthalmic medical technician. 
She loved it and three years in she decided she wanted to be able to advance her responsibilities and prospects at the practice she had been working at. Regrettably for her the only way to do so was through night classes and a test that would lead to certification. 
Lucky for her Peter had been supportive and encouraging as he always was, and invited her to be a part of his private study sessions, and had been the one keeping her on track because while she wasn’t dumb, she always found formal education difficult. 
Especially when there were so many other things distracting her mind.
“What were you looking at on your phone?”  
“Nothing….the usual….you know social media stuff….” Shanna fingers one of the pages of her text book nervously. She was just now realizing that she’d been on the same page for over ten minutes and had only read two paragraphs. “Hey, do you remember Eugene?”
“Eugene? The delivery boy from Deluxe Mart who always dropped your groceries on the wrong floor?”
“Yes. But no, not him. Uhm Eugene…..‘Flash’ Thompson from high school.”
“How can I forget the person who single handedly went out of their way to make my entire life a living hell.” Peters voice takes a hard edge as just the mention of his old high school bully brings up an array of unpleasant memories from those times. “Why are you asking about Flash?”
“I was….I was looking at his social media profile. He seems to have changed a lot since high school. A lot more chill and stuff.”  
Peter snorted loudly, but he didn’t care. It was early in the morning and the two had reserved a private study room, so there was no one to be distracted by their conversation or his harsh words. “Flash was born an asshole. People like him don’t change. If anything they get worse.”
“That’s not fair to say. You always say that p-”  
“Why are we even talking about Flash? Why were you looking him up?”  
“I wasn’t…I just….sometimes I look up our old classmates and see what they’re up to.”  
“That’s not creepy at all.”  
“It’s not! I get curious. Don’t you get curious about what happened to everyone after graduation?”  
“Sometimes. But seriously Flash? Did you forget he was a jerk to you too.”
Shanna looks over Peter’s shoulder at the door behind him, because she can’t look in his eyes. If she does she’ll see his irritation and even the pain from the memories she was bringing back up. She didn’t bring the subject up because she wanted to hurt him, and of course she hasn’t forgotten about high-school or how awful Flash Thompson was. Not just to Peter, but to the both of them. They had been outcasts, and he made that fact more painful.
‘But that was nearly five years ago.’ Shanna wants to say and looks at Peter about to say so, but quickly loses her will when she sees just how intense his eyes still are.
“I know…..I-forget I ever brought him up.”
  ➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖⠿⠿➖
 
Shanna knows she told Peter to forget about her bringing up Flash which he did, but she couldn’t do the same. The conversation about their old high school tormentor is all that she’s been able to think about for the last two weeks. 
‘Should she have approached the conversation differently? Should she have pushed more that day? Should she have tried to bring it up again?’ She was usually good at reading Peter after all they had been friends since middle school, but she was having difficulty navigating this situation.
Eugene ‘Flash’ Thompson always brought out the worst in him. But that was the old Flash. And that boy was nowhere near the man who was sitting in the driver's side of his car, looking down at her with serious blue eyes. 
Shanna glances out the passenger side window to see that they were parked in front of her apartment and then glances back at Eugene with an almost apologetic smile. They had just come back from a date that involved amazing pizza
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Original Female Character(s)
Flash Thompson/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
College Student Peter Parker
Bully Flash Thompson
Flash Thompson Redemption
Peter Parker is Spider-Man
Peter Parker in Love
Best Friends
hidden feeling
Yandere Peter Parker
Aftermath of Violence
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Forced Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Original Female Character(s)
Flash Thompson/Original Female Character(s)

