Chapter 1: "Oh, we blew it!"
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 2012, New York
“Bucky…is…alive.”Those were the last words Steve expected out of Loki, and his grip on the other man—currently morphed into an identical version of himself—loosened. “What?”  Bucky?  The face came to his mind instantly, blue eyes, a crooked smile. How would Loki know anything about Bucky? Hell, how had he gotten the photo of Peggy?The punch to Steve’s face was swift. He realized the deception too late as the tip of the Scepter touched his chest, and the world went dark.-0- -0- -0-Rogers held the case with the Scepter. He needed to return it to the time and place from which he took it, but he couldn’t very well run into himself in the elevator. He waited below, and when Rumlow and the others walked off the lift, Rogers squared his shoulders and marched forward confidently.“Threat has been neutralized.” He handed the case to Rumlow. “Make sure this stays safe, gentlemen.”Surprise flashed across Rumlow’s face, then his gaze narrowed skeptically. He exchanged glances with Sitwell, then took the case with a nod. “It’s good to have you on the team, Cap.”Rogers eyed Rumlow and forced his face into neutral arrogance even though he  really wanted to smash the man’s nose into pulp.Rumlow’s words—words not yet uttered in this timeline—came back to Rogers.  “You know he knew you…Your pal, your buddy, your Bucky. He remembered you. I was there. He got all weepy about it, ‘til they put his brain back in a blender.” He hated turning the Scepter over to Hydra, but if he didn’t, the Avengers wouldn’t search for it, wouldn’t run into Wanda and Pietro. Wanda would never join the Avengers. Vision would never exist.On the other hand, without the Scepter, Ultron wouldn’t happen. Sokovia wouldn’t be destroyed. Zemo wouldn’t lose his family and seek revenge on the Avengers. The Accords might never happen.With bile in the back of his throat, Rogers gave an affirming nod, turned on his heels, and marched away from the group that would send Bucky after Fury, Natasha, and himself and try to use the Insight helicarriers to kill millions of people.As Rogers headed to an isolated spot to take his next time jump, he wondered how things would unfold in this timeline they’d messed up. Loki was gone with the cube, Rumlow and the others thought Captain America was a Hydra agent, and his younger self had a seed planted in his mind that Bucky might still be alive. -0- -0- -0-“He had a vibranium shield and the compass with Peggy’s photo in it, exactly like mine. If Loki disappeared, then who the hell was I fighting?” Steve asked as he stared at the screen. The footage was paused on a figure that looked just like himself, heading out of the elevator with the Scepter’s case.Natasha, Tony, Thor, Clint, and Bruce were in the conference room trying to figure out what the hell had happened.“That’s a great question, Old Timer,” Tony said, absently rubbing his chest. “And, Capsickle two  returned  the Scepter a few minutes later? Why, that-good-for-nothing…borrower.”“Doesn’t sound like Loki,” Clint commented, his gaze far off. “If he had the cube and the scepter, he’d have vanished. Guy talks big, and he’s smart as hell, but he’s a coward when his chips are down. Why would he risk capture and impersonate Cap? Also, he had you down, but he didn’t follow through. Left you alive, even though he has a score to settle. Then he returned the Scepter a few minutes later. We all know there’s no way Loki would do any of those things.”“He said Bucky’s alive,” Steve muttered.“Bucky?” Bruce shook his head, face pinched in confusion. “Who’s that?”“My best friend.”  Who I let die. It may have been almost 70 years for the world, but for him, it was only months ago. “He can’t be alive.” There were still many nights when he woke to the sound of Bucky’s fading scream.“Bucky Barnes?” Natasha asked. “The only Howling Commando to sacrifice his life in service to his country?” “An honorable death,” Thor commented. “Your friend was a true warrior.”Clint perked up, a crinkle at the edges of his eyes. “Cap and the Howling Commandos were pretty much the first Avengers, if you think about it.”“Fury did, actually. It was part of his inspiration for the Avengers,” Natasha said, the barest hint of a smile on her lips. “Cap and the Howling Commandos turned the tide of the War and saved the world. Fury thought if a few guys from the 40s could defeat Hydra–even though Hydra used the Tesseract to develop advanced weapons that should have been unstoppable at the time–that a similar team today might come in handy against even greater threats.”Steve tried to muster an appreciative smile, but he wasn’t sure he succeeded. Natasha’s words reminded him that Bucky never got the honors and recognition he deserved–not while he was alive, anyway. He didn’t even get a proper burial at home since his body was never found. 
 Never found….Just like mine, until I tur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Multiverse
Alternate Universe - Canon
Canon Compliant
ambiguous Stucky
can be read fandom blind
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
POV Bucky Barnes
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Gen Work
Sleep Deprivation
Solitary Confinement
Torture
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
1920s
1930s
1940s
Time Travel

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

