Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 He wakes up to find six people hovering over him.“Shit,” he hisses, and attempts to scramble away, but it's a mistake because apparently some of his ribs are bruised and maybe even broken, and his knee is fucked.“Whoa!” one of the people says, holding his hands up in front of him. “It's okay.”Matt takes a second to let it all in, reaches his senses out to examine the room around him. It sounds like a hospital, and smells like one too, but it isn't, because no hospital has ever been this quiet.“Where am I?” he asks.The same man that spoke before speaks again. “You're safe. We took you back with us because you were unconscious. Do you remember what happened?”“That didn't answer my question,” Matt hisses. He focuses on the people. Five men, one woman. Most of them had moved back when he first awoke, agitated and confused, and he was grateful for that.“Right, sorry. You're in Avengers Tower.”“...what?” Matt manages. The adrenaline is fading and his ribs are aching and his arms no longer want to support him. He sinks back into the pillows behind him. Definitely in a bed then.“I'm Bruce Banner. You might know me better as the Hulk, but don't worry, I won't hurt you. The other guys are here too. You were helping us. Do you remember that?”Matt furrows his brow. That doesn't really sound like something he'd do. He likes to stick to small time criminals and not venture out of Hell's Kitchen. He doubts the Avengers would have waded in if it was something small.“Oh wow... you're... you guys are the Avengers?”“Thought the costumes would have given us away,” another man snorts, and oh wow, Matt knows that voice, it's Tony fucking Stark, Iron Man himself. That explains the whirring noises. He's still in his armour.Matt smiles a little. He's certainly not going to tell them he's blind. His mask is still on, which means his identity is safe. It's a nice change.“Excuse me for being a little distracted,” he mutters.The largest man, probably Thor, the god of thunder, shifts loudly.“I assume you're the Daredevil we've been hearing about,” another man says, and holy crap it's Steve Rogers, Captain America. Oh man, he's in the same room as Captain America. Foggy would be so jealous.“I guess,” Matt offers.Rogers nods. “It's good to see you're okay. We can talk in a bit. We just have to debrief. Doctor Banner will take good care of you.”Matt nods in response as the five Avengers leave the room. “They're not usually so quiet,” Banner offers. “I think they were worried about you. You took quite a beating. How are you feeling?” he continues.“My ribs are sore, maybe broken? Can't tell for the swelling. And my knee is... something.”Banner nods. “Can I check it?”Matt realizes he's asking for permission to remove his costume. Very polite of him.“Oh, yeah. There should be a zipper on the side so you don't have to cut it.”Matt struggles with his gloves on for a minute before Banner finds what he's looking for and undoes the zipper.“This is probably going to hurt,” Banner says apologetically, before pressing gloved hands to Matt's knee. It does hurt, of course, and the warning doesn't make it any better, but it does prevent him from retaliating at the sudden contact.“I don't think anything's broken,” he concludes. “And I don't think you've torn anything important. I think it's just soft tissue damage. I'd like to do some scans to make sure though.”“Scans,” Matt repeats. “Right. I can't go to a hospital.” He levers himself up on his arms again. If they think he's going to a hospital, they've got another thing coming.“No, we can do them here,” Banner says quickly. “No hospital.”Matt smirks. “Got your own hospital here then?”“Something like that,” Banner says wryly. “Surprisingly enough, no one likes going to the hospital, and because I have basic medical knowledge, I end up having to patch them up more often than not. How's your head?”“Intact,” Matt replies honestly. “Possibly a bit scrambled. I don't really remember what we were doing.”“Okay. Any double vision, dizziness?”Matt snorts. “Um, I don't think so.”“How many fingers?” Banner asks, holding up a hand.With a little extra concentration, Matt can sense the fingers the man is holding up. “Three.”Banner nods. “The amnesia may go. Should probably do a head scan too.”Matt winces. “I'd rather limit the amount of things you do. I don't want to be a bother. I can just go.”“It's no bother,” Banner says firmly. He's not lying. “You were a big help to us today, and we all want to make sure you're alright.”Matt tilts his head. “Okay,” he acquiesces.  Two scans later and he's been diagnosed with a concussion (no brain bleeds) and a soft tissue injury to his right knee.“Nothing serious,” Banner tells him. “Should heal up with a bit of rest. Same goes for the ribs. Sure you don't want an x-ray?”Matt shakes his head. “Don't really need one.”Banner nods. “Alright. Just rest up for while, okay?”Matt smirks. “That is something I don't really have time for.”Banner sighs at him. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
First Meetings
Misunderstandings
Medical
Deaf Clint Barton
Secret Identity

fandom: 
None
