Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter teared up as he swung away from MJ. He knew that they would reunite eventually. He just hated that it had to end this way. He sobbed when he felt a magical shock-wave course through his own universe. He didn’t look back as he stopped on top of the building that used to belong to Stark Industries. It was even worse that Morgan and Pepper would forget him too. It would be so agonizing for them to forget who he is. He wondered if his name would be stricken from the Stark’s will. He crossed his legs and rested his hands over his face as he wept. He didn’t have anyone to console him this time around. He’d just have to try and find Ned and MJ later. Maybe they’d just be better off without him anyway. Anyone he had ever formed a deep bond with ends up dying anyway. Maybe it was a good thing that Morgan would forget him. His stupid luck wouldn't be able to take her like it had taken everyone else.He hadn’t even looked back to see his other selves disappear. He was happy that they were going back to their own homes, but it was saddening that he would lose more people that he had come to think of as brothers.He was still weeping as a sling ring appeared behind him, and went unnoticed until he heard his name shouted out by MJ’s beautiful voice.Peter furrowed his brow and looked back, but before he could even get up, he was bombarded by a hug from MJ. Ned also joined the hug soon after. He smiled though he was still confused. He looked back to the portal and saw Dr. Strange standing there with a tearful grin on his face. Peter looked up at Stephen and stuttered out “H-How?”Strange smirked and said “I didn’t used to be called the Sorcerer Supreme for nothing, kid. I was able to make some provisions to the spell before it was cast. It was much like the original spell, and I almost didn’t get everything done in time to prevent the multiverse from collapsing, but I managed. Everyone who knew you were Spider-Man before the Mysterio incident still knows who you are and what events transpired. Your legal documents and pictures still exist, but no one recognizes you. You’ll still be able to finish school, but to everyone else there, you’ll just be the new kid.”MJ cried as she hugged him harder and said “Don’t ever try to wipe yourself from our memories again. I love you.”Peter then gazed into her eyes and finally said “I love you too, MJ.”Ned and Stephen shared an uncomfortable glance at each other as Peter and MJ continued to embrace and kiss again. Stephen huffed and Peter finally looked at him again.Stephen then said “There may be a slight problem though. I wasn’t able to send your doppelgangers or their villains home. As they did not originate in our universe, they all still remember who you are, but it should not be problematic.They are stuck here indefinitely until I can figure something out that won’t completely unravel the multiverse. Let’s go to the Sanctum. We have much to discuss.”Peter nodded and he and MJ stood. The three friends went through the portal with Dr. Strange. None of them were quite sure what would happen now.~~~~~~Peter three helped the devastated Norman Osborn stand. He was tearing up and mumbling things under his breath about how sorry he was. Peter two was still leaning quite heavily against his other side. Norman was practically weeping as he stared at Peter two. Peter two glanced at him with eyes full of understanding. He hated that Norman had to live knowing that his alter-ego had committed so many atrocities.“I-I-I’m s-sorry. I-I d-didn’t know w-what I w-was doing! It w-wasn’t me! I’ll a-admit that I-I was n-never a g-good man, b-but that s-serum c-changed me! I have t-to talk t-to the k-kid! I-I need to tell h-him s-something i-important, but I c-can’t remember what.” Norman rambled as Peter two furrowed his brow.Peter two said “Norman, it’s too late. We’ll be returning home soon.”Shortly after he said that, a sling ring appeared and Norman fell back while mumbling “N-no! T-The D-devil’s coming f-for me!”Peter two furrowed his brow in concern as Dr. Strange appeared in front of him.Dr. Strange sighed and said “I’m sorry, but I couldn't return you home without breaking the multiverse. I’m going to look into how to send you home without disrupting your timelines, but it will take a while. Please follow me to the sanctum. I am working on gathering all of the cured right now.”Peter three’s eyes widened and he said “W-what? We’re not going home? I mean, it was rough where I lived, and I was in a dark patch, but it was still home, and I still need to help Queens.”Dr. Strange sighed and said “I am sorry, but there’s nothing I can do for the moment.”Peter three sighed and helped Peter two walk through the portal while the Cloak gently picked up an extremely spooked Norman Osborn and carried him through the portal. Soon enough, all of those who originated elsewhere were gathered at the Sanctum. ~~~~~~Eddie Brock burped grossly as the bartender shook his head. Venom was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker One & Peter Parker Two & Peter Parker Three
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Presumed Dead
Not Canon Compliant
Fix-It of Sorts
Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Kidnapping
Grief/Mourning
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Comic Book Science

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker One & Peter Parker Two & Peter Parker Three
Happy Hogan/May Parker (Spider-Man)

