Chapter 1: How They Met, The Long Version
    




Chapter Text
Kate woke up with a sense of optimism. It was a rare sight.After all, it's her partner that carries the light between them. She often carries something else entirely. Usually, it's a sucker punch ready to go.She drew the curtains open and let the sun rays enter the room. Hello world and all that inhabit it, her internal monologued cried out. A smile was ready to greet the outside world.Once the curtains flung to the window's sides, her smile faded with it. The clouds were dreary and so were the people below. She sighed, rolled her eyes, and walked away in a huff.This is exactly the reason she hates building up her expectations. She could’ve really used some sunlight right now. With how their petty heist unfolded last night, some false promise of a better day would’ve been nice.She was never a morning person. For all intents and purposes, she shone bright by nightfall. The moon up on the ink black, starry night sky made her feel in control. She felt more human, more herself. It’s not to say she hates the sun. In fact, she knew how necessary the sun was. Winter fell onto her life way too soon. It wrapped her life in pale white. The scalding, shrill cold leaving her heart frostbitten. Nowadays, she’d like to think it has thawed. It’s been given purpose and meaning. Once her sun came crashing into her life, bright and demanding, icicles hanging above her melted. Flowers bloomed as it should. Everything was set into place. Mornings will never be made for her. She knew that. But with Loki in her life, she yearned for peace with dawn. When the sun catches your eye, it either leaves you with a smile or a glare. It was never indifference. The sun, after all, demands reaction. It demands to be seen. Unavoidable at all costs.The two of them met under a scorching hot summer sun inside a local diner that the entire town forgot. As a night owl, Kate hated the sensation so much, its etched in her brain forever. She always remember the temperature that day. 71.9, the Local 5 weather lady’s voiced informed everyone. The patrons didn't need to know the specifics. They felt the specifics through beads of sweat soaking on their undershirts, gliding through their napes, demanding to be seen and felt. And she suppose, that's what he was as a person. He demands to be perceived. What happens right after is beyond his control.They either flourish or burn. It all ends with him giving his best smile. Kate was seated at the edge of the diner. She wallowed behind her dark, oval sunglasses as she sat near the register. There were so many things she complained about in her head; her ass sweating on the vinyl stool she was too short for, the slow service from ageing waitresses, and the nauseating aroma of cigarettes, stale coffee, and working class boredom.Isabela’s Diner was a bad way to start your morning. However, it was the best cure for whiskey-related hangovers. Everyone were background noises to her. The jackhammer pain of last night’s debaucheries were too loud to ignore. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she ruminated about never drinking again for the nth time.And then, the glass door bell rang. Clearer to her than anyone else. Here enters, Loki.Her head turned as if she expected him. On that fateful day, she quickly learned he’s the person people avoid crossing paths with. Loki’s strawberry blonde hair pulls everyone in. It’s a tuft of golden threads affixed on his head, pairing well with a smile he wore. His novelty Hawaiian shirt was loud. However, that’s nothing compared to the sound of his 44 Remington Magnum hoisted near his multi-colored fanny pack.Each step he made took everyone’s breath away. When he swooped in, the humidity in the air turned dry, although bodies inside say otherwise. Everyone froze in fear except for Kate—the girl in the dark oval sunglasses.Pulling out his gun with assurance gave the impression this won’t be his first or last heist. If anything, he was just passing through. The demand for everyone’s attention too tempestuous for Loki to ignore. He panned the barrel across the room. The smile on his face wasn’t mischievous—it was gleeful. “Hello, lovely patrons!” he exclaimed in the Queen’s English. “By now, you’d know what will happen today…” he trailed off. The barrel stopped dead at the sight of her. “….so I expect everyone to cooperate accordingly.” When their eyes met, they were both struck with a sense of familiarity. They both knew they’ve never crossed paths ‘till now. In perfect synchronicity, they tilted their heads ever so slightly as they took each other in. Kate knew she’d never, in a million years, sleep with a man wearing awful tourist garb. Loki figured they’ve crossed paths once. In his mind, maybe he granted her an act of kindness once. Maybe back then when his hair was dark and raven. More Dior, less kitsch. She wondered why she smiled back at him with the same glee. He took this as a sign they were kindred spirits. And ye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kate Bishop/Loki

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Kate Bishop/Loki

