Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was hardly three days after she sent Rogers on a wild goose chase when Barnes showed up at her door with a ghost of a smile and a soft, “Hi, Natalia”. Everything after that was simple logic. She'd known he would show up on her doorstep one day, but she'd expected him to be a bit more brainwashed and much more inclined to kill her. Instead, there had been bags under his eyes and he'd been hunched in on himself until he looked hardly more threatening than a wet dog. She'd let him inside, of course, and locked the door behind him.It took several days for her to realize he wasn't going to kill her and almost a week for her to realize he remembered more than he was letting on. He slept on her couch and she woke up to him crying. He spoke Russian and she pretended that her heart didn't stutter at the sound. When he did finally admit it, it was almost a relief."I remember who you were to me," he had muttered, not quite meeting her eyes, "but there're still a lot of gaps."She could work with that, though, and so she did.
Four weeks after Barnes appeared on her doorstep, he started sleeping in her room and neither of them mentioned it. She bought their groceries, he cooked their meals, and they both worked through the jumbled mess of memories that were trapped in his head. One thread often led to another and neither of them would sleep until they were too drained to think on it more.Six weeks after he appeared, she woke up crying from a nightmare and something between them changed. Barnes became James and Natalia would sometimes be Nata or―when he thought she wouldn't notice―lyubov. From there, it was only a matter of time before they returned to each other.On the morning when Rogers called, officially requesting her to join him and Wilson on their hunt, she'd still been tangled in James's arms despite noon drawing nearer."We got a lead, Nat," Steve's voice said through her phone. "Hydra's been searching for him and Sam tagged their team a while ago. They think he's hiding out somewhere in Maine.""As much as I'd love to join the fun," Natalia said, "I've got my hands full. Personal project."Her eyes flickered over James as he laid beside her, arm thrown over her waist as he laid on his stomach. His eyes were closed, but his hold on her was a little too firm to fool her into thinking he was asleep."Personal project?" Steve echoed. Natalia hummed. "I thought you said you were lying low.""I am," Natalia replied. "Espionage isn't my only hobby, Rogers."Steve's laugh echoed through the receiver."Call me if you get another lead," Natalia instructed, "and keep me updated about Hydra.""Yes, ma'am," Steve promised. After a reminder that she was always welcome to join him and Sam, Steve let her go."We're in Maine," James muttered, eyes still closed."You eavesdropped?" Natalia's fingers combed through his hair, entirely unsurprised James had been listening, but still wanting to tease him for it."That runt has a voice that carries a mile over," James grumbled. He poked one eye open. "It hardly counts as eavesdropping."Natalia let out a huff of a laugh. "Don't worry," she told him softly. "If Hydra gets too close, we'll know."As they both pulled themselves from the bed, they switched from talking about Hydra to talking about breakfast. After a bit of bickering, a deal was struck: if Natalia made their coffees, James would make french toast instead of pancakes.Despite Steve's call, it was still easy to fall into their routine once they reached the kitchen."Beijing, 1978," James murmured, dropping a plate in front of her. "Were you there?"With a hum, Natalia passed him his cup of coffee and nodded. "I got shot, too. You killed everyone in sight and stitched me up before they extracted us.""I was sort of hoping that was just a dream."For her part, Natalia didn't grimace. It was, all things considered, not her worst memory with James and not one that she thought of often. For James, however, it very well might have been brand new."Do you remember when we went back?" Natalia asked softly. She kept her eyes trained on the coffee in front of her. "In ‘82?"At James's confused frown, she took his answer to be no. Rather than shake her head and brush it off like she had during the first few weeks, though, she tried to remember it herself.Sometimes the memories they spoke of were blurry for her, either too long ago or altered in a way Natalia couldn't remember. The first time they'd encountered this problem, they'd spent an entire evening running through their shared memories and searching for discrepancies. It was the first time Natalia had realized that, like James, the Red Room could very well have messed with her mind and made her forget."We were sent to kill a diplomat," Natalia explained. "He'd backed out of an agreement and Andropov wanted him dead. He was a liability to the State."She watched James nod slowly. They'd worked together on his memories long enough now that she could recognize his expressio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
memory recovery
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
but after that it's all au
Kidnapping
Capture
Vengeful Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Waterboarding
mild violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

