Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Hey, did you notice that guy with the baseball cap on the corner back there?" MJ whispered to Peter, the two of them tucked into a seat on the bus.  Her eyes darted around as if to double check that no one else was listening in.  "I think I've seen him outside our school a few times," she added, her words still quiet.Peter nodded, tucking his arm around his girlfriend.  While his Spider sense was annoying at times, it did come in handy in situations like these.  As soon as they left school, that gentle but prickly sensation darted along his spine, notifying him of the potential danger.  He had spotted the man following them a few blocks back, and decided to hop this bus just before it pulled away in hopes of shaking their tail without freaking MJ out."Maybe he works in the neighbourhood or something, but he definitely needs to work on his fashion sense," Peter said with a fake chuckle, watching MJ's reaction carefully.  But then she smiled and made a comment about the jeans the man had on that day, and Peter inwardly sighed.  He would deal with it later that night, as Spiderman.  Because anyone following MJ was simply unacceptable. ***** Bucky was on his way back from his weekly meal with Leah, his belly filled to the limit with food.  This time they decided to try a new dumpling hut in ChinaTown; it had only taken one bite of their peking duck dumpling and Bucky mentally bumped the restaurant up to his top three in the area.  Their conversation had been lively and fun, and Bucky once again thanked Sam in his head for convincing him to try to mend things with Leah after their disastrous date.  Leah was a good friend.It was relatively late, as they had gone over after her shift, and so the streets were dark, with minimal pedestrians; exactly how Bucky preferred it.  The big crowds and the typical bustle of New York City made him wish for the peace and serenity he had back in Wakanda.  A loud clang and a muffled 'Ow!' in the alley he just passed brought him out of his daydreaming.  Stopping abruptly, Bucky back tracked to the alley, wanting to make sure that no one was hurt.  In a matter of seconds after he entered the alley, his hands were pinned up against the brick lined wall, quickly followed by his feet.  Straining against the material, Bucky panicked at his inability to move, shocked that something was strong enough to stop his Vibranium arm.  Then, Bucky recognized the material as the same as the webs from that kid in Germany, and groaned out loud.  He hated to admit it, but the only reason that he and Sam had gotten out of the webs so quickly before was because of Redwing.  That annoying flying heap of metal."Wait, is that you, Sergeant Barnes?" A young voice asked, stepping out of the corner.Bucky had been right, it was the spider kid, although it looked like his suit had been upgraded.  "Yeah, it's me, kid," Bucky said, tilting his head in the direction of the webs.  "Got anything to dissolve these?"But Peter was shaking his head, taking another step forward towards Bucky.  "No way, not until you tell me why you've been stalking MJ and I," Peter said, as he glared daggers at Bucky.Bucky was actually impressed with the look he was receiving, the kid had definitely stepped up in his skills since their tangle in Germany.  He got the sense that Peter wasn't kidding, but he wasn't really sure how to word his response."Look, kid, first of all, I wanted to check in on you, make sure you were doing okay after...well you know," Bucky explained, not wanting to bring up Tony's funeral.  Peter had been devastated.  Bucky remembered him clearly, tears coursing down his face as he stood with Pepper and Morgan, Pepper’s arm wrapped tightly around both kids.  Tony was obviously very important to him.  And Tony was on his list, even though there was no way to ever cross him off now.  So keeping an eye on the kid, superpowers or not, felt like the least he could do.Peter folded his arms, not looking impressed.  "I'm not a little kid, Sergeant, I can take care of myself."Bucky just nodded, not willing to get into an argument over how young Peter was, as it wasn't much of a difference to when he and Steve were in the army.  But Peter still wasn't making a move to free him.Letting his head drop lightly against the wall behind him, Bucky took a moment to think about how he was going to explain the rest of his reason for tracking down Peter.  He never liked asking for help, even though he knew he needed it now.  "And because I could use some advice," Bucky admitted, settling on the most simplest explanation and closed his eyes, not wanting to see the expression on Peter's face."What kind of advice?" Peter asked wearily, taking another step closer to Bucky.  "I've been trying to do some research, you know?  About the civil rights movement, Black history, defunding the police, but I keep getting stuck.  I don't really understand how to use the internet and Leah told me that I can't ask Sam, that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Flufftober2021
Love Notes
Holiday Traditions
Developing Relationship
Friends to Lovers
supportive friends
Bucky Tries to Do Better
White Privilege
Coming Out

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

