Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Population of 3,418.
The end of my 4 hour drive drew near, the beginning of the neighboring town coming into view as I came around the corner, a small town corner store off to the left, the door perched open as flocks of teenagers made their ways in and out. Hands holding ice cream from the parlor attached, drinks or other random assortments of food. My curious mind made me intrigued to see if they had penny candy like the ones I used to buy with friends on our way home from school. 
The weathered wooden siding clearly marked the decades of hard winters, storms, and natural decay it had endured. Getting out of my car I walked to the main doorway and the smell of fresh waffle cones and chocolate fudge beckoned me to get a serving. I stopped to let the group of kids funnel out their cones in hand and conversation strong. I gave a polite nod and smile as I entered the 50's decor and music making this a staple in town. 
"Excuse me." I asked the grey haired man who sat behind the counter, he looked up from his newspaper and gave me a straight look, his eyes showed almost no emotion. 
"Yes?" He asked licking his thumb uncomfortably before he flipped to the next page. 
"I was wondering if you guys sold penny candy?" I asked setting my wallet on the counter
"Penny candy? What is this.. the 1930's?"
"Respectfully sir I'm sure you'd be the one to know if it was seeing as I'm sure you lived through it, but all you had to answer was a simple yes or no." I explained with a hint of annoyance in my voice. 
I picked my keys and wallet up once more before I walked down the steps into the ice cream shop, the freezers took up the back wall and the shelves were lined with colorful candy and chocolates. The smell of the waffle cones and bowls implanting itself in my clothing. The girl behind the counter gave me a polite smile as I approached, she was rolling up a few fresh cones. 
"Don't mind him." She spoke up. "He's a grump, my nana got on him this morning for 'misplacing' his hearing aids and he's been angry ever since." 
"Oh.. that's your grandpa?" 
"Fortunately and unfortunately, it mostly depends on the day." She laughed. "Today has been an unfortunate day."
"Seems that way." I nodded, giving her a smile. "Would I be able to grab a pint of mint chocolate chip and one of strawberry?" 
"Of course, would you want any waffle bowls to take home? We sell them in a bag of 6." 
"Oh, yeah sure why not!" I nodded as she called to a boy who was in the back to bring out the ice cream.
 "Oh! Also, I overheard your question about penny candy, there is a small shop in town on Main street that sells it. Ask for Thomas, he hides the good stuff." She smiled, ringing me up.
"I appreciate the information, they closed the store I had back home years ago and I haven't been able to find any since."
"They have closed most of the ones around here sadly, the one on Main Street has a select variety but they said they won't ever get rid of it." 
She carefully bagged up my order and put my receipt inside. "One more thing, watch out for Cooper, he's a dog that has made a home here but loves to harass the Locals for some of their snacks and ice cream. He's kinda irresistible."
"A semi broke recent college graduate meets a homeless dog? What harm could that do?" I joked. 
"A lot!" She chuckled. "Enjoy your candy." 
"Thank you..." I trailed off completely oblivious to her name. 
"Emily. My name is Emily." 
"Sophie." I introduced myself. "Hopefully I'll see you around?" 
She gave me another smile before getting back to work, I walked back out to the door and to my car, I put the ice cream in the back seat and closed the door to see a brown and white blob curled up on the warm cement, I walked over and kneeled down to his level. 
"Well buddy I take it you're the infamous cooper?" I asked, absolutely clueless that the dog in front of me was bound to bring out the best version of myself as well as bring new and unsuspecting relationships my way.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
steve rogers - Freeform
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Captain America - Freeform
Dom Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Original Female Character(s)

