Chapter 1: Odd Ducks
    


Summary:

Foggy notices a few of Matt's...eccentricities.





Chapter Text
Matthew Murdock is confident and charming and well-adjusted, except for how he is literally none of those things.Well, Foggy will admit that he's charming as hell.But mostly, Matthew Murdock is deeply, deeply weird and screwed up in lots of ways that Foggy didn't even know people could be screwed up.Here's the deal: Matt seems to have a personal vendetta against being comfortable or even happy. He spends seventy percent of his time studying (honestly, Foggy studies too, but Matt's slavish devotion to law school is worrisome) and the other thirty percent of his time hanging out with Foggy. He appears to make a concentrated effort to not make any other friends, since whenever Foggy tries to introduce him to somebody Matt smiles distantly, shakes their hand, says a few kind words, and then walks off, probably to study more. Nerd.Foggy's sometimes pretty sure that the only reason Matt became friends with him at all was because there was no way to stop it. They just, like, imprinted on each other. Like ducks.For the first month of school, Foggy's pretty sure that Matt's so weird about his clothes and food and stuff because he doesn't have any money or because he grew up without money or whatever. Matt's clothes are neat but worn (and boring as fuck, but Foggy's pretty sure that's more blindness than anything), and his cane looks pretty old too, and whenever they go out to get burritos Matt always gets rice and chicken and literally nothing else.("Don't you like sour cream or guac?" Foggy asks once."I love guac," Matt says cheerfully."Then why don't you ever get it?"At this point Matt mumbles something unintelligible and shoves half of his burrito into his mouth, and Foggy doesn't say anything else.)Then Foggy realizes that Matt does have money, and he does spend money. He just appears to be allergic to spending it on something for himself. His tips are impressive and whenever he buys stuff like coffee for other people he refuses to let them pay him back.And then Matt's sunglasses break and Foggy catches him trying his very best to put them back together with duct tape when he definitely has enough money to buy replacements. Honestly, that's kind of ridiculous, especially considering that Matt's not exactly going to do a bang-up job of patching up his glasses, which means he won't look all that good, which is exactly the opposite of the look Matt's going for. Foggy's honestly not sure what's gotten into him, if he's in some kind of fugue state where his complex about always looking dignified has been overridden by his complex about living like a monk. Yeah, Foggy's not here for this shit, so he finally says, "Dude. Who the fuck told you that you can't have nice things? I mean, is it a Catholic thing?"Matt looks taken aback. "No," he says. "It's not a Catholic thing." Matt pauses and then says, quickly, "And nobody told me that. I can have nice things, I'm perfectly aware of that, there are just things I don't really need, the glasses are fine, I'm going to get new ones soon, nobody told me that," Matt then mumbles something unintelligible (because apparently in Murdock land that's a great way to get out of uncomfortable conversations) and walks out of the room."Dude," Foggy says. "It's one am, where the fuck are you going?"Matt doesn't come back for the rest of the night. Foggy's pretty sure he went to brood. Matt could win an Olympic gold medal in brooding.But by now Foggy's one hundred percent sure that the reason Matt doesn't let himself have nice things (even though he spends fifty minutes feeling silk sheets and nice shirts and pants every time they go out shopping) and takes being fiercely independent and self-sacrificing to truly heroic levels has nothing to do with money. It has to do with something else in his past. Or, more accurately, somebody.It annoys the hell out of Foggy to think that somebody or more than one somebody made Matt feel like he didn't have the right to comfort or happiness or whatever.So Foggy starts giving Matt toy dinosaurs. No, seriously, that's how it starts. Matt just holds the toy dinosaur like it's a tiny alien, and Foggy explains that it might be nice to have something to fidget with. Fidgeting is great, right?"I don't fidget," Matt says."Yeah, you do," Foggy says unapologetically. "Your sheets are getting destroyed from you picking at them all the time."Matt puts the dinosaur down on his desk and completely ignores it for days until eventually Foggy does see him lying back on his bed, running his fingers over the ridges of the little dinosaur.Also, once Matt took a sip of Foggy's mocha and appeared to fall in deep love with it, but no matter what, he always gets his coffee black. Literally no matter what, even though he doesn't like it. Foggy knows he doesn't like it, because Matt makes a face every time he takes the first sip of his drink.And so Foggy makes the mistake of o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Happiness
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson/Marci Stahl

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Pre-Canon
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Friendship
Family
Family Feels
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Angst and Humor
Mental Health Issues
Self-Harm
Panic Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Happiness
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson/Marci Stahl

