Work Text:
Fury says, “Coulson, I’ve got a job and only you can do it.”Phil allows himself to crack the tiniest of tiny smiles. There is something incredibly gratifying about being found indispensable to a shadowy, secretive government organization, but then Fury ruins everything and follows that up with, “You’re going on a diner stakeout tonight.”Diner stakeouts mean meetings with potential contacts. Diner stakeouts mean sitting for hours eating greasy food and hoping that said contact actually decides to come in. Diner stakeouts are what junior agents cut their teeth on, and Phil is a junior agent but he’s not that junior.“Sir,” Phil says, only partly a question. He tamps down viciously on passing thoughts of milkshakes.Fury leans back in his chair and regards him with one eye. Phil has no idea what he’s seeing. He knows what he wants Fury to see, which is a hyper-competent, unflappable government agent capable of following orders and thinking outside the box, but he suspects that what Fury sees is what the rest of the world tends to see: sort of weedy, balding just a little, probably really great at paperwork.“I have a talent,” Fury tells him, at last, while Phil continues to stand at attention. “That talent is the ability to recognize unique abilities in others and then deploy those same talented individuals in a way that best serves this organization. Would you like to know what your talent is, Agent Coulson?”“Sir,” Phil says, again.Fury grins at him, which is downright terrifying. “I wouldn’t want to ruin the surprise,” he says. He slides a white stub of paper across his desk. “The address, and your target. Wear something you can run in.”//There is a name printed on the paper, beneath the diner address: “Clint Barton.” In parentheses beneath it, in small, scrunched up block letters, someone else has added, “(Hawkeye, world’s Greatest marksman)”. His orders are to bring this Barton in without committing serious bodily harm, or, ideally, any harm at all; Barton is to be viewed as an asset in need of assistance. He has been authorized to use an agency credit card to pay for bribes in the form of burgers and fries.Phil slides into a booth and prepares to settle in for the long haul, but the bell above the door rings almost immediately. Phil glances up just in time to see a kid -- and it’s definitely a kid, maybe fifteen or sixteen -- skulk through the door and glance around, a little anxiously. He catches sight of Phil and makes a beeline for him, stopping just short of the booth. Up this close, Phil can see the thin layer of grime coating his skin, the way his eyes dart around the room, hypervigilant, and the careful way he's standing, protecting his ribs and his left forearm. Weakness, Phil assesses automatically, and then, mindful of his orders and the relative youth of his target, re-diagnoses that as injury. They stare at one another for a moment.The kid clears his throat. “You Fury?”“I - no,” Phil says. “I’m Agent Coulson. Are you --”“I’m not talking to anyone but Fury,” probably-Clint-Barton says. He takes a single step back from the table, wary, which doesn’t actually put him out of Phil’s range but clearly makes him feel better.“Deputy Director Fury is a very busy man,” says Phil. “He sent me here personally.”“Prove it,” probably-Barton says. He clenches his right hand into a fist, carefully shoves the left one inside his jacket in a suspicious way, and scowls at Phil, who examines this slightly more aggressive posture with a sense of growing disbelief. The kid is maybe 5’7”, looks like he could probably stand to sit down and eat a bribery burger or six, and definitely doesn’t have a gun in his pocket; Phil is in a suit but he’s got running shoes on his feet and nearly ten years of training and field-experience from several different covert agencies. He has this in the bag.“I don’t have to prove anything to you,” Phil says, and definitely-Barton bolts immediately, which means that was the wrong answer and also that Fury is going to do that intense-stare-disappointed-face he gets when someone fucks up.Phil leaps up after him and out the diner door, and they race through the city streets, dodging in and out of the circles of light provided by the street lamps. Barton is fast, and not above knocking over garbage cans and diving through crowds of late-night tourists. Phil dodges a rolling trash bin, hurdles over a stroller with a real live baby inside it, sprints between the back bumper of a minivan and the front bumper of a taxi, and then promptly trips headfirst into a girl with a skateboard. She stumbles out of the way, cursing, but Phil’s momentum takes him and the skateboard another three feet, where he’s clotheslined by an actual clothesline and manages to spin into Barton, who has been taken out by the skateboard that preceded Phil by about four seconds.They collapse together in the alley, both groaning pitifully. Several shirts flutter down to land on them. “I’m here,” Phil pants, “to take you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
AU
Origin Story
i come from the jeremy renner school of archery

fandom: 
None
