Work Text:
Phil’s not normally one for dirty talk, but there’s something about Clint that drives him crazy. Clint’s been driving him crazy for months, pushing and taunting and overstepping the line, and now they’ve finally got their shit together Phil is burning with the need to touch him. He wants to touch him everywhere, taste him everywhere, learn every little secret about this one side of Clint that he hasn’t been witness to through the course of their working relationship. Clint’s the same, if the way he’s spreading his legs out wide and grinding up into Phil’s thigh is anything to go by, head tilting back to thud dully against the bedroom wall, and Phil drags his mouth from Clint’s just to breath into his ear, hot and heavy.“You have no idea how much I want to fuck you, Barton,” Phil says. The words are bypassing the rational part of his brain, short-circuiting for the first time in longer than he can remember now that Clint Barton is in his bedroom, mouth wet and red from kissing him.Clint groans, hips jerking up hard. One hand drops down to Phil’s ass, fingertips digging in and pulling him closer. “Yeah?” he says. He sounds even more breathless than Phil feels, more breathless than either of them has any right to be given their training and field experience. “How – how much?”Phil keeps one hand tangled in Clint’s hair, knuckles brushing the wall. He moves the other down to Clint’s thigh, feeling the heat and muscle under his palm through Clint’s pants as he curls his fingers and gets enough of a grip to lift it. After a second Clint gets the idea, hooks his thigh around Phil’s waist, and it opens a whole lot more space between them. Phil rolls his hips against Clint’s, a slow and deliberate grind, and he lets the hardness between his legs answer for him.“Fuck,” Clint breathes, long and low and drawn out, and it shouldn’t be a surprise that he’s this vocal. He’s a mouthy fuck when it comes to interacting with Phil on a day to day basis, but the rough catch of Clint’s voice now shoots straight through him, white hot, right to his dick. Another hit right on target. Clint’s fingers dig harder into his ass. “Not gonna give me the five point run down of it?”Phil hides his smile against the strong line of Clint’s jaw, pressing a soft kiss there, nudging his way back toward Clint’s mouth. “It’s called a five point plan,” he murmurs. “I can if you want. Get us over to the bed, get you out of those clothes.” He pauses, swallows. He can feel his cheeks reddening, more than just the hot flush of being turned on and so close to Clint, but Clint’s eyes are dark and fixed on his mouth like he’s looking at it through crosshairs. “Open you up if that’s what you want. Slowly, take my time.”“You and – fucking thoroughness,” Clint gasps out. Phil hums, attempts the closest approximation of his matter of fact work voice as he can manage with the muscles of Clint’s thigh flexing under his hand as Clint moves to meet him. “If it’s a job worth doing,” Phil says, “it’s worth doing well.”He’s said those very words to Clint before, weary reprimands about field reports and case write ups. They’ve never pulled out this reaction before: Clint biting his lip and shuddering, not even giving voice to the joke Phil is half-expecting about doing him well. They’re so close Phil can feel every movement. When he moves to pull back, to inch closer to the bed, Clint tugs him back in and kisses him hard, arching into him.“Yeah,” Clint pants out, “yeah, do it,” but even as he speaks he’s twisting out of Phil’s grip, planting both feet firmly back on the floor and sliding down the wall, folding to his knees.The breath rushes out of Phil like he’s been punched in the gut at the sight of Clint kneeling like this, caught between Phil and the wall, his hands making fast work of Phil’s belt. Clint’s breathing through his mouth, lips parted, looking up at Phil and sliding his hands under Phil’s waistband without needing to glance down and see what he’s doing. He’s coordinated, quick; the efficiency and competence in his movements makes Phil swallow hard again, his fingers twitching uselessly at his sides.“Jesus.” Clint ducks his head as he speaks and presses his mouth to Phil’s underwear without another word, shaping the hard line of Phil’s cock through the thin material, getting it wet under his tongue, and Phil clutches tightly at his shoulders. “I’ve wanted to do this,” he mutters, and he wraps his hand around the base of Phil’s dick and pulls him out of his boxers, licks a filthy stripe across the sticky head as he shoves the underwear down with his other hand, trails it back up Phil’s thigh, over his hips, and pushes his shirt up to splay his fingers across the tensed muscles of his stomach. He tilts his head, drags his open mouth up the side of Phil’s cock, and closes his mouth around the head. The feeling makes Phil’s knees go weak, wet heat and suction, Clint’s tongue working at the underside.Clint sucks dick the way he does everything else
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Secretly a Virgin
First Time

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

