Chapter 1: Anything is possible
    




Chapter Text

Tony has been up in his lab for hours now. Which isn’t exactly abnormal. Sometimes he’s up there for so long they’d find him asleep on the floor, his tools and random metal trinkets all around him.
 
But something must be different this time because usually when he’s up there the only person who’s allowed to ‘disturb’ him is Bruce. But this time FRIDAY, Tony’s AI machine (and probably his closest friend figuring how much he talks to the dang thing) has requested that all of them come up to his lab immediately. (With the exception of Thor who had to run or well, fly, to Asgard for a couple of days) 
 
They thought maybe he needed help or something bad had happened so Steve, Natasha, Clint, and Bruce rushed to the elevator and went to his lab.
 
But instead of finding some sort of threat, they found Tony’s desk covered in newspapers some dating back to 2014, along with that, Tony was sitting on the floor swiping on one of the four- no five tablets that were around him, looking at what they thought was old security footage tapes. 
 
“Hey how much do you guys know about this Daredevil guy?” He asks without even looking up from the hologram he was now tapping away on. 
 
They looked at him for a moment, Clint was the one to speak up first, “you mean that vigilante from Hell’s Kitchen?”
 
“That’s the one, have you ever actually met him?” 
 
“No, but I’ve seen him on the news a couple of times.”
 
Bruce spoke now, “he took down that Wilson Fisk guy too right?” 
 
“Yeah,” Tony said while simultaneously pushing a newspaper talking about the vigilante and Fisk with his foot the the four Avengers, “twice actually. Both times before we even realized he was a threat. He also took down the Russian mob, and the Yakuza.” 
 
“All without help?” Steve asked, he’s heard of Daredevil, or, The Devil of Hell’s Kitchen as he used to be known as, but he never really took the time to look into it. Hell’s Kitchen wasn’t exactly a safe neighborhood, so what if some guy wanted to help try and fix that? 
 
To be honest, from the little Steve has heard about the guy, he respects what he’s trying to do, he’d be a hypocrite if he said the guy was wrong because being a vigilante it a crime. Steve Rodgers may be America’s Golden Boy, but he’s broken more laws in the last 5 years than some might have in a life time. 
 
“Well he’s been spotted working with people a few of times, but usually, yeah, he works alone.” Tony answered. 
 
“Is this why you called us up here Tony?” Natasha asked,
 
“So you guys have all heard of him, but have any of you actually seen him fight?” Tony continues, without answering Natasha,
 
Nobody answered, it’s true, they’ve all heard of The Man Without Fear, but have only seen photos of him on TV or in the newspaper. 
 
“Let’s change that, FRIDAY?” Tony continues without an answer, 
 
“Right away sir.” A female robotic voice answers as a giant hologram pops up on Tony’s other, less paper covered, desk. 
 
The four were shocked. Daredevil was like a machine. They watched him take on 5 guys in an alleyway at night, all armed with knives and two with guns. He knocked the first guy out with a single punch that threw him into the corner of a dumpster before blocking an incoming knife aimed for the back of his neck, hitting the second guy in the head with a billy club. 
 
Stepping over the second guy, he blocked a punch, uppercutting the third man in the chin and slamming him into a wall punching him in the stomach a couple of times until the guy started coughing up blood. Without looking behind him, he threw his billy club at the fourth guys hand knocking his gun away before back flipping and knocking the guy to the ground, hitting him in the face a couple of times for good measure.
 
They thought the fight was over but as Daredevil was looking down at the guy he just knocked out the first man he knocked out, the one who hit the dumpster, got up slowly, he pulled out his gun and quietly pointed it at the back of Daredevils head. 
 
For a split second, Clint thought they were about to witness the end of The Devil of Hell’s Kitchen, but then, out of nowhere, Daredevil ducked milliseconds before the gun went off, he rolled to the side and kicked the gun out of the man’s hand before pounding on the guy with what Bruce could only describe as rage. After all, Bruce has had first hand experience with it, with the hulk. 
 
Tony paused the CCTV footage after Daredevil flipped onto a fire escape and disappeared from camera view. 
 
“I’ve been looking at several other bits of footage just like this, and going over police interviews from guys who took on Daredevil himself, everything I find looks and sounds the same. This guy can do things no normal human could, like, how the hell did he know that gun was pointed at him? The guy was behind him and it was dark in that alley. That’s what I can’t figure out, how the hell is he doing what he’s doing?!” Tony rambled quickly, clearly he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Daredevil & The Avengers
Daredevil & Hawkeye
Daredevil & Natasha Romanoff
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor
Daredevil & Ironman
Daredevil & Thor
Daredevil & Steve Rodgers
Daredevil & Bruce Banner
Avengers Team & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Frank Castle & Matt Murdock
Frank Castle/ Matt Murdock (if you squint)

freeform: 
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Foggy Nelson Is a Good Bro
POV Avengers
POV Daredevil
Blood and Violence
Warnings May Change
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Hurt Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock Angst
Catholic Matt Murdock
Canon Disabled Character
Protective Matt Murdock
Tags Are Hard
underage drug use mentioned
PTSD
Sadness
See my username? Yeah that’s the goal.

fandom: 
Daredevil & The Avengers
Daredevil & Hawkeye
Daredevil & Natasha Romanoff
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor
Daredevil & Ironman
Daredevil & Thor
Daredevil & Steve Rodgers
Daredevil & Bruce Banner
Avengers Team & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Frank Castle & Matt Murdock
Frank Castle/ Matt Murdock (if you squint)

