Chapter 1: *The Spider, The Cat, & The Hawk*
    


Summary:

'Yep, the Cat is out of the bag...and the Hawk...is worm food.'





Chapter Text
Chapter 1
An attempt was made to kidnap Deputy Director Maria Hill, and that fact makes Natasha Romanoff very angry. Maria had left the Helicarrier for a scheduled 48 hour leave, and had barely reached the steps of her apartment building when the three would be kidnappers made their move. They had clearly not been expecting her to fight back, and had dispersed quickly upon realizing that they would not be able to bring her down quietly. She had walked away from the attack with a few scratches, a split lip, bruised ribs, and one hell of a headache. Until the persons responsible are caught (or dead as Natasha prefers) SHIELD protocol mandates that an Agent remain with her at all times.Natasha is currently sitting in the infirmary, watching over Maria because of course...she volunteered. The painkillers are doing their job, and Maria is sleeping peacefully. Natasha is under strict orders from Director Fury not to let Maria out of her sight. She watches the steady rise and fall of Maria's chest from her chair in the far corner of the private infirmary room. She lets her own breathing pattern fall in with Maria's in an attempt to calm the uncharacteristic uneasiness that has been plaguing her upon hearing that Maria was attacked."How is she?" Agent Clint Barton (Hawkeye) asks, pulling up a chair next to Natasha's."She's going to be fine," Natasha whispers, and Clint wonders for a moment if the statement is meant to inform him or reassure her. "She put up one hell of a fight from the sounds of it."Maria becomes slowly aware of the voices in the room, but she remains still, hoping to fall back to sleep. Her head is pounding. The painkillers seem to be wearing off."I heard you volunteered for the protection detail," he whispers back."Yeah." Natasha's response is drawn out, her tone dangerous, and her eyebrow raised. She regards her best friend and partner critically. He clearly has something on his mind that he is reluctant to share."Are you sure that's wise Tasha?" He asks hesitantly. "Can you be objective with the way you feel about her?""Liking her does not compromise my judgment Barton, and this has nothing to do with how I feel," Natasha says curtly. "I'm just doing my job!""Bullshit," he shoots back, louder than is necessary in the small room."Can you two go be loud somewhere else?" Maria interjects, effectively cutting off Natasha's response.Barton winces, wondering how much of their conversation their boss heard, and how dead Natasha is going to make him. Natasha's eyes widen, and the look she shoots him answers the second of his questions...he's toast. Barton has the decency to look guilty. His eyes dart back and forth between The Deputy Director and his best friend."Our apologies Deputy Director," Natasha says quietly. Her tone is calm and as smooth as warm honey. "Agent Barton was just on his way out." He winces again as he stands, mouthing an, "I'm sorry," to Natasha on his way out the door. They are silent for several minutes. Natasha loses herself in thought.'I guess the Cat is out of the bag thanks to the Hawk. Why does she have to be so unreadable!' she muses silently. 'The Black Widow - Master Assassin, Spy, and Seductress - is afraid to ask this woman out to dinner. Pathetic.'Maria coughs suddenly, letting out a quiet whimper as her bruised ribs make themselves known. The sound interrupts Natasha's internal musings, and she is at Maria's side in the blink of an eye. She rests one hand gently on Maria's shoulder.The heat from Natasha's hand is intense even through the material of her t-shirt. Maria fights a blush as the heat spreads from her shoulder, to her center, and then down through her toes, enveloping her whole body. The unexpected gentleness in the touch only amplifies the feeling."I'm okay Agent," Maria strains to speak. "Could you please get me a glass of water?" Natasha hesitates for a second, before reaching across Maria and pressing the call button on the bed. Maria's expression is unreadable as she watches Natasha's movements."My apologies Deputy Director Hill, but Director Fury instructed me not to let you out of my sight under any circumstances," Natasha explains. Her words and tone remain professional, but Maria can see the concern clearly in her eyes.'How could I have missed the way she's looking at me?' Maria questions herself silently."It's okay Agent Romanoff," Maria intones. Their eyes meet for a brief moment. Maria licks her lips subconsciously, and Natasha's eyes track the movement. Natasha clears her throat uncomfortably, stepping away from the bed as the nurse enters the room."Would you please get The Deputy Director a glass of ice water Nurse?" Natasha addresses the elderly woman."Right away ma'am," is the instant response. The nurse returns a moment later, handing a styrofoam cup with a straw to Natasha."Thank you," Natasha says w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Developing Relationship
Developing Friendships
Sexual Content
Falling In Love
Family
Avengers Family
Red Room
Timeline What Timeline

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

