Chapter 1: can’t the future just wait
    




Chapter Text
Clint looked around her apartment. “How many entrances are there to this place?” He asked, looking at the front door, where the dog sat, looking at the door. He wanted to go outside. The dog was mangy. “Just the door… and the fire escape.” Kate replied. “What, do-do you think they followed us?” She asked, thinking of the Tracksuits. He looked back towards her with a shake of his head. She was still dressed in the Ronin suit, having forgotten to take it off when they got back to her apartment. “No. No one trailed us on the way back.” He sounded sure so she believed him. He sighed, his lips pursed for a moment. “Alright, I need you to think, Kate. Did you go  anywhere after the auction?” Clint’s voice was serious and he looked down towards her; he had a foot on her. She was five feet, plus a few inches. He was at least six feet tall. He wasn’t sure how old she was. She looked like she could be anywhere from sixteen to twenty two. She had eyeliner, which made her look -probably- a little older than she was. He just knew she was too young to be doing this. Kate thought for a moment, but she shrugged with a shake of her head. “No, I just dropped the dog off.” Kate replied, looking up towards him. He looked down towards her, his features slack, and there was a hint of realization that came to her features. “... oh.” She muttered. “Take the suit off.” He asked quickly, and she nodded, going to move towards the stairs, but there was a shatter of glass outside and they both looked towards the windows. He sighed, but he took his bow from the table. She followed what he did, and took her bow. “Maybe they’re here for someone else.” Kate sighed with a shrug, but then there was a calling of her name from outside, a Russian tinge to it, and Clint sighed, a look of annoyance on his features. “Okay, yeah, this could be bad.” She exhaled, and she went to walk towards the windows, but he held his arm before her, keeping her from going to close. She looked at him, and he sighed, trying to think of something. “Okay, let’s-” He was cut off as there was the sound of glass breaking. He looked towards the window, and there was a flaming bottle that soared through.  Molotov.  He thought with a grimace. The glass broke across the staircase and there was a fire that framed her stairs. Kate’s eyes widened for a moment.  My stuff. She realized. This apartment was all she had. She looked up towards the sprinkler system. She pursed her lips together and she took an arrow from her quiver, and pulled it back in her bowstring. She released the arrow and it struck the sprinkler system, and there was quickly mist that came down from the ceiling. He glanced towards her, impressed for a moment, but it was only a moment. Kate quickly stamped out the rest of the fire. “Let’s get out of here.” He ordered. “Give me a sec.” She replied, and he looked towards her, but she quickly ran back up the stair-case; they were going to torch her apartment, she had some things that she  couldn’t lose. There was a room beside her own with a lock on it. She quickly took the key from her back pocket and turned it in the door. Kate rushed inside; it was like a walk in closet, but a little larger. There was a bulletin board with red strings; it was a little juvenile. There were different photos of her ‘family.’ She was trying to figure out where she was from. “Kate, hurry up!” He ordered from the first floor and she nodded, forgetting he couldn’t see. Yeah, yeah. She thought. Here was the thing about Kate, the thing that made her stand out, besides from being uncannily amazing at archery. Every night when she shut her eyes, there were dreams, or… nightmares, more accurately. Whenever she slept, there were these memories that came back to her. There were cold rooms, and the faces of little girls. And there was a lot of  pain. Kate wouldn’t have thought much of it at first. Everyone had nightmares sometimes. But when she woke up, having nightmares of being tortured by these scientists or soldiers, she’d pull back her sleeve or pull up her shirt and there would be very faint scars that matched the pain in her dreams. It scared her. So she was doing some investigating. She knew that something had happened to her. She knew that she wasn’t born in a hospital in midtown like her mother said. She knew that she didn’t learn to fight by watching YouTube videos of Avengers, like she told everyone. Kate knew that she had been somewhere bad for some period of time, and she was going to find out where. And she was going to find out who did all of this to her. Kate knew she’d hurt people. She knew she didn’t remember any of it, just that she’d hurt people; killed some. And she knew her mother didn’t tell her about any of it. It wasn’t like Eleanor really ever - truly  - loved Kate. Eleanor loved her daughter more as an object than a person. Kate was used to it. She knew her mother wasn’t a good mom, but her mom was all she 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Laura Barton & Kate Bishop
Eleanor Bishop & Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop
Kate Bishop & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Clint Barton is Kate Bishop's Parent
POV Kate Bishop
BAMF Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop Friendship
Protective Kate Bishop
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Protective Clint Barton
BAMF Clint Barton
Clint Barton Feels
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton-centric
Clint Barton's Farm
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Clint and Laura Barton's Family
BAMF Laura Barton
Protective Laura Barton
Mentioned Laura Barton
SHIELD Agent Laura Barton
Aromantic Yelena Belova
Yelena Belova is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Lives

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Laura Barton & Kate Bishop
Eleanor Bishop & Kate Bishop
Yelena Belova & Kate Bishop
Kate Bishop & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

