Work Text:

Confusion is something Steve has grown used to in the 21st century.

Every time someone names a clearly popular reference everyone else takes for granted, he feels confused, but that doesn’t bug him anymore; he just writes it down and decides to google it as soon as he can.

When someone behaves in a way that would have attracted stares back in the 40s but everyone acts unphased, he keeps himself from staring and goes on with his life, deciding he’ll ask someone he trusts about it at some point.

Confusion is a state of mind Steve has made himself acquainted with; so much so, it no longer registers as something strange, but rather as this constant thing that’s always there, always in the back of his mind, no longer taking all the space it once took. It's become something that doesn't make him trip anymore.

At least, that’s what he thought until Tony started obeying orders.

Well, in truth, it isn’t so much about the obeying part; after all, Tony knows when Steve is right and can respect that, and he knows when he’s wrong and doesn’t hesitate to tell him so.

It’s got more to do with the way he’s started obeying them.

It sounds strange to even say it but, suddenly, Tony seems 

eager 

to obey his orders. Not Nat's and certainly not Fury's, but 

his.


Steve didn’t realize what was happening overnight.

In the beginning, the first time it happened, Steve thought it was just another one of Tony’s weird moments. Being used as he is to being confused, that didn’t register as anything else.

But then, in the middle of a special mission in Japan, Steve ordered Tony to double-check the perimeter, already half-expecting Tony’s sly remark about how one single check was more than enough, and doing it twice wouldn’t be practical. He had been expecting him to tell him he would be more useful in the battle, when Tony, quickly and with a strained, raw voice, had said, “sure, Cap” before flying away and leaving not only Steve but also everyone else on the team speechless.

And that was only the beginning. 

For months on end, Steve found himself thrown out of balance time and time again every time he gave Tony an order and, while expecting to be told off, found him obeying without putting out a battle first.


Eagerly

.

At some point, Steve found himself trying to test the waters by giving Tony more and more orders on the field; small, little things he could very easily dismiss in the heat of the battle.

And he found his every order being obeyed, if not every single time, most of them.

And sure, Steve Rogers can stand confusion better than most of the men both of his time and this one, but if there’s one thing he isn’t immune to, that’s curiosity.

So that’s why that afternoon, after returning from a mission report, he goes straight to Tony’s workshop, unsure about what he’s going to ask but sure he needs all the answers he can get.

What he'll do with them, he doesn't know.

“Is Tony available?” Steve asks JARVIS once the doors open.

There’s a brief silence and then, JARVIS answers, “Sir is available, yes.”

Taking that as the permission it is, he enters Tony’s workshop and finds him working on a bunch of holograms, humming every few seconds as he manipulates them and moves stuff around with a quick dance of fingers that traps Steve's attention.

It’s been happening more and more lately, this phenomenon where Steve’s attention goes from the absolute general of a whole room to focusing on a single point, everything else losing interest to him.

This time, he spends more time than he’d like to admit observing the way Tony’s muscles look like they’re a second away from bursting out of those rolled-up sleeves.

He shakes his head. 

Focus.


“Tony?” Steve says, softly, in an attempt not to spook him. Tony jumps slightly in his place and turns to look at him, seeming confused by his presence. “I was wondering if we could have a word?”

“Well, if that doesn’t sound ominous,” Tony chuckles, giving his back to all the holograms he’s been working on and leaning into his chair’s back, arms crossed over his chest. Steve avoids looking at them very pointedly. “What do you want to talk about?”

Steve bits his lip, doubting how to put it before he blurts it out, “is there any reason why you’re suddenly obeying orders so… frequently?”

He doesn’t know how else to put it, so he settles with that and watches Tony’s expression go from one of curiosity to one of… discomfort? He isn’t sure, but it certainly seems like it, what with the way he’s suddenly looking to the floor, a sudden tension in his expression that wasn’t there an instant before and…

“Are you blushing?” Steve asks before he can contain himself. When Tony lifts his gaze, offended, he sees it clearly. “You are! Why?”

Tony mumbles something so lowly, Steve doesn’t understand it.

“What did you just…?”

“It’s hot, okay?” Tony ends up snapping before Steve can even finish the question.

“What is?” Steve asks, totally at a loss. 

“Oh my god, I can’t believe I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mutual Pining
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Flirting
Love Confessions
First Kiss
Getting Together

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

