Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He woke up in the sand, feeling better than he had any right to, having been shot in the fucking face.In fact, the most pressing sensation he currently felt was hunger, which was unusual these days given the state of his gut, being rotted out from cancer and all. Alfie lay in the sand, feeling the waves as they crashed onto the shore, ruining his good coat, and Cyril was barking, which was getting very fucking annoying actually.Then he’s overtaken with a desperate, overpowering urge to EAT Cyril. Which fucking what now? Alfie managed to keep back the urge, but there’s a little voice in his head, shouting something about brains, and honestly, if Tommy Shelby has gone and made Alfie lose that tiny shred of sanity he’d been holding on to since the war, he’s going to be very cross indeed. Ropable, even.
“WHO IS TOMMY SHELBY?”
Right, well that voice was an unusual one to be living in his head, given Alfie could blow his brains out every day for the next hundred thousand years, and he wouldn’t forget Thomas Fucking Shelby. He’d been nigh on obsessed with the little cunt since the day he walked into his bakery, and Alfie had enjoyed pulling at his braids ever since, likely the closest he was ever going to get to the Peaky Fucker.
“WE NEED FOOD.”
Well, the voice had a point, he was still fucking starving, and laying on this beach weren’t going to help matters at all, were they? Besides, the desire to eat Cyril was still there, and that just wasn’t fucking happening now, yeah?
“WHY CAN’T WE EAT CYRIL?”
“Because Cyril is a trusted and loyal companion, and that’s just not fair play to eat him after his years of loyal friendship, is it?” Alfie muttered, standing up and doing his best to brush the sand from his clothing. There was a decent amount of blood soaking into the sand where he’d been laying, which was concerning really. Circled right back to the issue of being shot in the face by the man he’d loved (after not a little coaxing from Alfie, but the point still stood) and somehow, right, somehow Alfie was still standing. Actually, hunger not withstanding, he felt better than he had in years.
“I HAVE MADE US BETTER, ALFIE. I WILL KEEP YOU STRONG.”
Right, so that voice didn’t seem to be going anywhere, then. Perhaps that was something better explored in the privacy of a man’s own home, after all.
“I AM NOT A VOICE. I AM IN YOU NOW, IN YOUR HEAD. I AM VENOM. WE ARE VENOM..”
“Right, right you are, mate. Venom, is it? Alright, so what business do you have, yeah, being in a man’s head and keeping him from his well-deserved rest?” Alfie couldn’t keep the curiosity out of his voice. If he couldn’t die in the manner of his choosing, at least this was something interesting happening. Alfie began the walk up to the house, taking the same lumbering steps he’d grown accustomed to since his numerous, heroically-earned battle wounds. But the ache in his hip, the catch of thigh-muscle against cartilage, was gone. Alfie paused, suspicious. He took another step, faster, less coddling of his left side. No pain. No limp.“I TOLD YOU WE MADE YOU BETTER.” Venom’s voice filled his mind.“Right, mate. You did, yeah.” Alfie continued walking, his mood lifting as he moved with the grace of his 20-year old self, which admittedly, was not exceptionally graceful at all, rather a broad, pounding sort of gait, like a bear building momentum. It did feel rather fucking wonderful. “Alright then, Venom, was it? Let’s see what we can do about food, then?” Images of red meat flashed through his head, followed by the urge to CONSUME. “My nurse, Edna, she’s been slaving away over a lunch for us, she had. I didn’t have the heart to tell her I was not long for this mortal coil and that she could be saving herself the trouble of cooking, but its good for a person to keep their hands busy. Idle hands are the devil’s plaything, and all that.”
“THIS EDNA HAS FOOD?”
“Yeah, mate. Matzo ball soup, and latkes, if I recall. Good stuff, good stuff.” Alfie chatted amiably as he made his way up the pathway to the house.“SOUP IS NOT FOOD.” Venom protested. His hunger grew, and his mouth began watering.“I think you’ll find it is, actually.”“NO! WITHOUT PROPER SUSTENANCE, WE WILL DIE!” Alfie had the distinct sensation of hands pounding on a window.He sighed. “And what to you is ‘proper sustenance’, then?”No sooner had the question left his lips than a sinewy black tentacle, tar-like in appearance, burst forward from his chest, capturing a nearby seagull (fucking rats, they are) that had been loitering on his balcony wall. Teeth, and a long red tongue, pointed at the end, and large white eyes, emerged from somewhere near his left shoulder, and consumed the seagull whole, in a burst of grey and white feathers.The hunger, while not gone, faded into the back of Alfie’s mind.He took a moment to process what had just happened.“Now, I don’t care a whit if you want to kill more of these fucking flying vessels of pestilence, love, but I won’t lie and say
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tommy Shelby/Alfie Solomons
Alfie Solomons/Venom
Tommy Shelby/Alfie Solomons/Venom

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Tommy Shelby/Alfie Solomons
Alfie Solomons/Venom
Tommy Shelby/Alfie Solomons/Venom

