Work Text:

   WARNINGS: implied/referenced sex, choking, lots sexual innuendos/allusions and comments, profanity 
 
     A young girl dressed in a Thai school uniform perched atop an abandoned rooftop, dangling her legs lazily over the concrete ledge. The cry of a distant car horn echoed through the otherwise quiet night, and the street below was illuminated with the artificial glow of the electric lamps. Hanging above her in the deep black of the night sky was a glowing full moon. The sheer black of the girl’s blunt black bangs reflected the eery heavenly figure, glinting a bright silverish white. Despite the intermittent gusts of the night breeze, not a single hair on her head was out of place. Each section of her hair was carefully divided on either side of her head, hanging mid-shoulder length in a straight, sharp horizontal. Her hair cut was as blunt and severe as she was.

     The shimmer of moonlight disappeared as a dark, hunkling shadow appeared behind her. The girl neither flinched nor showed any expression of surprise at the sudden appearance as she leisurely drew back her legs from over the ledge and turned her head slowly to stare at her companion. 

     “Khonshu,” the girl greeted with cool indifference.

     The moon God chuckled lowly, a fond distaste born from a mutual distaste caught in the low timber of his voice. He dipped into a sarcastic bow, his ceremonial dressings blowing lightly in the wind. “Demon-spawn,” he responded, his faux politeness blending with his harsh words as well as oil and water.

     The girl’s grin widened before it sunk into a pout. In a child-like voice, she bemoaned, “Why you always so displeased to see me? We are on same side, you and I.”

     The God scoffed indignantly. “We are 

not 

the same. I punish those who have already done wrong, who have already violated the laws of what is good and divine, I am the — ”

    “ — protector of travelers, chronic bird seed consumer, 

blah blah blah

,” the girl cut him off sharply. “How is that any different from what 

I

 do? I expose those who have done wrong, with hidden selfish desires — ”

    “You,” Khonshu lifted up a skeletal hand and pointed it at her accusingly. “Seek to corrupt the innocent. You drive them into committing heinous acts, into unearthing their most malicious desires so you may punish them. That is not justice.”

     “Justice is what 

we 

make it. The human world is too foolish to decide what is justice and what is not — it is up to 

us 

to deal out consequences.” 

     The moon God snarled at her. “Your justice is as corrupt as humanity. You help no one but yourself.”

     The girl let out a high pitched, chilling laugh that seemed to stretch on for an eternity in the night air. “You fancy yourself as humanity’s savior then?” 

     She got up and walked pointedly towards him. With a flourish, she fell to her knees and in front of him and clasped her hands mockingly as if to pray to him. “Oh Khonshu, the high and mighty purveyor of justice and vengeance,” she prayed in a high-pitched, grating voice. The God let out a cry of aggravation and stormed away to the opposite side of the rooftop, very pointedly directing his gaze to the horizon. Still, she followed him, crawling on her hands and knees and scrapping the delicate skin of her kneecaps on the asphalt floor. “Oh Khonshu, please punish my 

wicked, cruel soul

.” 

     Scoffing, she rose from the ground and brushed away the pebbles of asphalt embedded into her skin. Taking her pointer finger, she ran her finger over her scraped knees, now smeared and scratched with blood, and stuck it into her mouth. Khonshu made a noise of disgust as she began suck on her bloodied finger. Releasing her finger with a 

pop

 from between ruby lips, she smirked. “You act very righteous for someone who seeks to ‘corrupt’ as much as I do.”

     Khonshu startled — although he would never admit it — and swiveled his massive beak to face her. “You talk nonsense.” 

     “But it’s true, isn’t it? Take your new human pet, for example — ”

     “He is my avatar, not a plaything — ”

     “— one man’s feeble mind split into so many piece.” She stalked closer to the God, the picture of a coy tabby cat toying with a mouse. “Fascinating, is it?” The girl pondered to herself, lifting a lean finger to point at the night sky. 

     “A mind like scattered star dust, each fragment with unique memories, personalities, and abilities. Did you seek a broken man so it would be easier to infiltrate his mind?”

     She leaned in so close to the moon God that she could almost smell the stale musk of his wrappings, could hear the thrumming of ancient power surrounding him like a hive of bees.

      In a voice as sweet as honey, she whispered, “Did you send Mr. Ernst to shatter young Spector’s mind, so you could forge the fragments into a weapon?”

     Khonshu recoiled in disgust, slamming his crescent staff against the ground in agitation. “Shut your mouth, demon. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Khonshu (Moon Knight)/Original Female Character(s)
Steven Grant (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Marc Spector/Original Female Character(s)
Steven Grant & Marc Spector

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Sex
Ancient Egyptian Literature & Mythology
Ancient Egyptian Deities
Not Canon Compliant
Supernatural Elements
Mentions of Yitz Perlman/Ernst
Fuck Ernst
This is so not canon aligned
Unresolved Sexual Tension

fandom: 
Khonshu (Moon Knight)/Original Female Character(s)
Steven Grant (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Marc Spector/Original Female Character(s)
Steven Grant & Marc Spector

