Work Text:

“Peter, honey, have you done your homework?” 

Peter nodded, keeping his eyes on his plate as he shoveled in more rice, he looked up when Tony cleared his throat. Both Pepper and Tony were giving him a knowing look. “It’s just a little world hist left, but I can do that in homeroom.”

“You know the rules, Pete.” 

“But it’s so boring!” Peter protested. 

“Just do what I did,” Harley recommended with a mouthful of food, “record Steve talking and then get Fri to filter out the boring shi-” 

“Do 

not

 copy your brother,” Tony sent Harley a glare, “and you know our deal Petey, homework before patrol.” 

Peter let out a sigh but nodded, he knew he needed to get better at lying, at least then he wouldn’t have to suffer through doing something which happened nearly a hundred years ago. 

“It won't take long,” Pepper assured him, “then you can get on with your night.”

Peter withheld a grumble, he didn’t want to get a lecture over how supposedly important world history was. Instead he just pushed his dinner around his plate. 

Tony sighed as he heard Morgan shout for Pepper, he stood, placing his napkin on the table next to his clear plate, “I’ll go help her, Harls quit trying to steal Peter’s food.”

“He’s not eatin’ it, he’s busy sulking.” 

“I’m not sulking!” 

“Harley, there’s some left in the oven if you’re still hungry. And Peter, finish eating, please.”
  



Tony smiled as he headed toward Morgan in the bathroom, he knew that Pepper had the boys handled, and that helping Morgan would be easier than getting them to do as he wanted them to. 

“Moo?” 

“Daddy! In here, quick!”

Tony rushed into the bathroom, hoping that she wasn’t sick, or that she filled the bathroom with bubbles… again. But when he passed the door there was… nothing… not even a weird smell. “What’s goin’ on little boss, you gotta be at the table if you want dessert.”

“Yeah but I found a new friend!” 

Tony frowned, “Is this one of those freaky kid things where you see dead people? Cause if it is your moms gonna deal with this one.” 

“It’s not a ghost daddy, look!” she pointed up at the corner of the room. 

Tony withheld a sigh and followed her finger. 

He jumped back, “Oh shi-! For f-,” he sucked in a breath cutting off his own swear words, “Mo that’s not a friend that’s a…” 

“It’s a spider like Petey, can we keep it?”

“No! I mean,” he tried to sound calmer, “no, honey, erm, the spider doesn’t want to live in our bathroom, it’ll have to leave to go back to it’s possibly murderous family.”

“Aw! But daddy!” 

“Nuh uh.” his eyes flickered up back to the corner of the room. He took a slow steady breath before yelling for Peter.
    
“Whatever it is, I didn’t do it.” Peter frowned as he walked into the bathroom, “What’s…. There’s nothing here…” 

“What did you think you were going to find- actually no,” Tony shook his head, “Not the point, Morgan needs your help.”

“You need to tell daddy that we’re keeping Stanley.” 

“... Who’s Stanley?”

“Our new pet!” 

“No, Morgan, we’re not keeping the spider. It’s a pest not a pet.”

“There’s a spider?” Peter’s question was a little higher in pitch than he had intended… a 

lot

 higher in pitch. 

Tony’s worried look softened to amusement, “Petey Pie… are you scared of spiders?” 

“No! Of course not! I just…. We have a shared, y’know… kinship… And…” 

The spider took a step out of the corner and both Tony and Peter jumped back, Tony darting behind his kids. 

“Don’t use me as a shield!” Peter pushed his way behind Tony, “I’m calling CPS.” 

“Peter, you’re 

Spiderman, you

 should be able to deal with this.”

“I help old ladies cross roads! I don’t deal with venomous beasts! You won’t let me!”

“I’ll let you this one and only time.”

Peter glared and didn’t move from his place hiding behind Tony. 

“Hey Fri could you laser this spi-”

“-No! You can’t do that!”

Tony let out a splutter, holding out his hands in a ‘what the hell’ gesture, “Well I can’t reach, and you’re obviously scared, so Friday can deal with it.”

“You can’t kill it.”

“You can’t do that daddy!” 

“She’s right!” 

“Fri-” Tony trailed off as both Morgan and Peter sent him puppy dog eyes.

“Yes, Boss? Would you like me to ignore the wishes of your children?” 

“Why the hell do I program these things like this,” Tony grumbled under his breath, “No just…” he sighed again as he looked at Peter and Morgan, Morgan looked hopeful, but Peter kept the look firmly on his face. “Get Harley in here, tell him not to tell Pep.”

Peter tilted his head to the side, “Why don’t you want her to know?” Peter leant back against the doorway in an effort to seem cool…. But his eyes were firmly on the spider. 

“Because I told her when we bought the lake house that I was fine with all of the outdoors.”

“So you lied?” 

“I didn’t lie, I just… expedited my losing of the fea- disliking of creepy crawlies.” He rolled his eyes at the look Morgan sent him and the snort Peter sent his way. 
  



“What do you want?” Harley sauntered into the bathr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

freeform: 
Dialogue Heavy
Spiders
Iron Family
Iron Dad
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
blah blah blah spider who caught the fly and all that
anyway this family is chaotic
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Adopted Child
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Adopted Child
or - Freeform
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
Harley Keener is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
morgan stark - Freeform
Stark Siblings - Freeform
Harley Keener & Peter Parker are Siblings

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Morgan Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

