Work Text:
The pain in your eyes is almost unbearable. You're surprised you'd retained consciousness as you were rushed to the hospital via ambulance. The paramedics kept assuring you that everything would be okay, but you're certain you'll never be able to see again with the way your eyes feel.You'd been involved in a chemical explosion thanks to the Green Goblin. Thankfully it had sounded like Spider-Man had arrived on scene fairly quickly, giving the paramedics the safety to get you and presumably the other innocent bystanders into ambulances.You did end up drifting in and out of consciousness. You vaguely remember being moved from a stretcher to another surface, then a doctor explaining to you that they could save your vision but it would involve surgery. After that things became more of a blur as you were put under anesthesia for the surgery, and then given plenty of medication afterwards that left you loopy.The next couple of days pass by unbearably slowly as you lay in the hospital bed with nothing to do and no one to talk to except the doctor and the nurses who come in to check on you every few hours.You're wearing bandages fully covering both eyes and making it impossible for you to see, which severely limits your choices in entertainment, and with your living situation you don't have anyone you can call for help at the moment. Your family is both estranged and half-way across the country. Your friends are even further away, and you feel like you'd relied on them enough already before you'd moved to New York. Unfortunately, you're on your own for this.After two days had passed, the doctors told you you could go home as long as you used your medication regularly and kept your eyes bandaged. While you had the option to stay longer, you already aren't sure how you're going to afford your hospital bill and really don't want to increase it further.The hospital releases you with strict care instructions, and then you're on your own to make your way home with the bandages still covering your eyes. You aren't supposed to remove them for the first 24 hours at all, and after that only to apply eye drops for at least the next week. Your check-up is in two weeks, and if it's deemed that your eyes are healing well enough you'll be allowed to completely remove them.Thankfully, you're familiar with the hospital you'd been brought to and it's location, due to it being only a few blocks from your apartment. You're confident you can make it home on your own, even without your eyesight.Once you get your prescription filled from the pharmacy in the hospital, you brave the streets of New York. You'd always had a good memory for directions, so you don't even hesitate as you turn right and start making your way towards your apartment. You walk slowly and used the cane they'd given you at the hospital to make sure you don't trip over anything or run into anyone.You were just mentally patting yourself on the back for making it halfway there when you hear a commotion. It sounds like a lot of very large objects crashing into other very large things (buildings? the road?) combined with an odd metallic whirring noise. You can of course also hear the large number of people screaming as they run back the way you came, but you can't follow nearly as quickly without risk of tripping and getting injured. A few people roughly shove against you as they push past, resulting in you falling on the ground anyways and losing your grip on your cane.Oh no, not again. A super-powered fight was what had landed you in this situation in the first place. How could you be so unlucky to have another one happen next to you the instant you were returning home? You can hear the crashing and whirring getting closer.Your thoughts race as you struggle to push yourself off the ground as quickly as possible, but just as you get to your feet, you feel something made of metal snake around your waist."Let go!" you yell, even though you never for a moment think the command will work."Sorry dear, I need a hostage, and you seem to be the only one around." The voice sounds villainous enough to match what he's saying. At least you're pretty sure this isn't the Green Goblin again. That was really the one thing that would've made this worse."You heard the lady, let her go!" You hear another voice. You sincerely hope this is Spider-Man, and it certainly seems likely, although you aren't familiar enough with his voice to be completely certain."Let me leave and I'll let her go safely once I'm sure I'm not being followed. Keep fighting me, or try to tail me, and she dies."As if to punctuate his sentence, the metal thing that's wrapped around you squeezes tighter and then lifts you so that your feet no longer touch the ground. You barely manage to hold in a scream, realizing it won't help and not wanting the last thing you potentially do to be screaming in fear."Fine. I won't follow you. Just let her go safely. Please."What? Spider-Man was just going to negotiate with th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Otto Octavius/Reader
Otto Octavius/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
reader is female
doesn't use y/n
Secret Identity
Sort Of
Lies of Omission
Fear
Age Difference
Size Difference
possibly unrealistic medical procedures and recovery

fandom: 
Otto Octavius/Reader
Otto Octavius/Original Female Character(s)

