Work Text:
When you love something the feeling is incredible, your heart jumps when you see it and you can't help but to stare. When you lose someone you love, it feels like a hit from mjolnir to the heart. Completely and utterly destroying. Tony Stark loves Peter Parker. Tony Stark lost Peter Parker and has yet to find a way to mend his broken heart. "Tony! Get off the couch and into a nice suit! You have a meeting in three minutes!" Pepper Potts says looking at the man wearing a too tight grease stained shirt with the phrase 'I survived my trip to New York'. "Hmmm...... Cancel it" He replied, waving his hand dismissively "I can't keep canceling everything! Look... Tony I know how much you loved him but you have to accept that hes..." Pepper snapped being cut off before finishing her sentence "Don't you dare finish that sentence!!" The angered man replied quick sitting up to point a threatening finger at her. Pepper, shocked, jumped back a bit assuming he was going to hit her. "Oh.... Oh Pep.. I'm sorry. I just.. I'm not ready to accept that I lost MY kid. My 15 year old kid! He earned a scholarship to favorite college, and I didn't even arrange that for him! He had so much going for him... then I threw him into a battle he couldn't handle. And now.. he's... he's.... and theres nothing I can do" he explained putting his face in his dirty hands. Pepper straightened her dress and nodded "cancel the meeting yourself. Consider me on vacation until you get your self out of this slump. Death is death. Accept that." She sneered her high heels tapping on the floor as she walked away. Tony didn't fight her. Time skip bc my writing is shit~! After Pepper had left Friday took it upon herself to cancel Tony's next few weeks of... everything, thus raising a few eyebrows of Tony's concerned friends. "Tony? Are you in there?" Called out Steve lightly tapping the wooden door. (Tony had moved himself to a place other then Stark industries to avoid anything like this. "You know I am, why don't you just come in?" He lazily yelled. Steve slowly opened the door revealing himself, Rhodey and Wilson. Tony put a hand over his face and sighed shaking his head slightly "If you think I'm going to talk to that shit you're wrong so you might as well leave before I make you" he snapped pointing to the door they'd come through. Steve shook his head and walked over to the wreck of a man "You don't have to talk if you don't want to but.... You can't be like this. None of us like this but.. Peter is dead and you'll just have to learn to accept that" Steve said, Tony jumped up from the couch and slapped him, it probably hurt his hand more than Steve's face but he was pissed. Steve (who was relatively unfazed by the outburst) simply put a hand over his cheek and sighed "Tony I'm sorry. I spoke to harshly.. but the kid is gone" Steve spoke softly putting a comforting hand on his shoulder "Steve the kid was 15..... I can't just accept it" Tony spat swiping Steve's hand away Time and location skip  'Darkness. That's the first thing I remember. It was dark, it was cold, and I was scared' but then I saw the bright blinding ceiling light.' "Aha Finally awake Spider-man" A man spoke stepping out of the shadows to where Peter could see him, it was only then Pete realized he had his mask on still. "I am Doctor Pitch, welcome to Hydra" (Yes there are references to Rotg lol, yes I know he isn't really a marvel character and no I will not be using any real Hydra agents, other than Capsical who I know marvel was only joking abt being a part of hydra) Peter took the silence to look over the doctor, he had Spikey black hair and stunning blue eyes, not that Peter thought of them as stunning, but he was to far in the dark to tell what his skin tone is, if he had to guess he'd guess a fair to mid-tone. Peter squinted his eyes a bit and tilted his head "You didn't take off my mask" he muttered staring at the creepy old man in front of him "I wanted to see your reaction, I wanted to wait but you seem to be eager" 'Pitch' Said with a sickening smile, slowly walking up the the young hero. "NO!!" He'd never been as scared as he is now his beat was beating way to fast even for him and he had no way to escape the incoming danger, he tried to break his arms free from the restraints only to be disappointed that they weren't budging. "Let's see who's under this mask." Pitchs voice had darkened and Peter wasn't sure he'd leave this place alive anymore. "No." Demanded Peter trying to hide how absolutely terrified he was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Depression
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Out of Character
No beta we die like Tony's will to live

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

