Work Text:
“Where are we?” Steve asked as the group of beaten heroes stepped off the StarkJet.Clint who had brought the group to his homestead, didn’t say a word. Instead, he helped Nat and led the way to the house. He kept an ear on the group, but he knew that his aids might not pick up on everything.“Some kind of a safe house,” Tony commented as he frowned at the open area. He followed after Hawkeye and Widow but he was skeptical of the whole thing. His nose wrinkled a little at the idea of being on what was proving to be a farm.Bruce and Thor followed after Tony and Steve, all of them a little weary about being somewhere that wasn’t safe. Each had their own thoughts of where exactly Barton had taken them and why, but none of them were going to voice them as they stepped inside the home to hear Clint utter some of the most surprising words ever.“Honey, I’m home,” Clint called as he entered the house, while it wasn’t pristine clean, it was tidy and looked lived in. Footsteps pounded through the house, as three excited children made there way into the living room. Six arms wrapped themselves around the archer’s legs. Clint briefly let go of Nat to accept the hugs and kisses from his three children.“Clint, is that you?” a voice called from a different part of the farm house.The Avengers, minus Nat, looked at their marksman with wide eyes as they realized the voice belonged to someone who wasn’t American but rather someone from England. The accent was enough to make Steve slightly uncomfortable as he remembered what it was he had seen in his vision.Before any of the Avengers could ask questions, the owner of the voice came into the living room. Eyes widened and jaws dropped at the sight of a curly haired brunette, with a rounded waist.Hermione froze in the doorway as she took in the sight of a tired Nat, but also the rest of the Avengers, who looked as if they had all been through something. More mental than physical really, but she could never quite tell with her husband and his team mates, just as Clint was never sure what kind of adventures she had been up to in the Auror department with Harry, Draco, Astoria, and Theo.“Oh, hello,” she greeted the gathered group, as she made her way to join her husband’s side.Clint wrapped an arm around Hermione’s waist, he pressed a kiss to her temple.Tony waved awkwardly, while Steve nodded in greeting. Bruce and Thor were both still weary of the new people in the room.“Everyone this is Hermione,” Clint introduced the Avengers to his wife.“I already know who you all are,” Hermione said as she looked at the group. “And I’m sure if Clint brought you to the farm, then it must be important. You’re more than welcome to stay as long as you need.”Clint nodded in agreement at his wife’s words. He watched as little Rose hesitantly approached the Super Soldier and Norse God. He bit back a grin as his daughter gave them a warm smile as she introduced herself.“I’m Rose Barton, are you really Captain America and Thor?” the curly haired girl asked in curiosity.Steve bent down to get a better look at the girl, in front of him. “Hello, Miss Rose, yes we really are Captain America and Thor. But you can just call me Steve,” he said as he gave her a gentle smile. She was cute, she looked like her mom and reminded him of Peggy in a lot of ways. His heart clenched as he remembered the vision world he had been in. He missed Peggy, but there was no way that he would be able to go back and have a life with her. He had lost those years with her, simply by being frozen.“Did you bring Auntie Nat?” Lila asked as she looked at her father with bright eyes.“Why don’t you come over here and find out?” Nat asked with a warm smile as her oldest niece and goddaughter ran and wrapped her arms around her waist.As the family was happily reunited, with Clint happily giving his wife a kiss on the cheek, and the kids all awestruck with the fact that the Avengers were there in their home. Thor shook his head and left the house with Steve trailing behind him.Both Hermione and Clint watched with concern but neither said anything. Instead they merely shared a look, before Hermione offered Tony and Bruce the use of the different bathrooms if they wanted to get showered and changed. The men took up the offers, with Clint showing them the way to said rooms. She hadn’t bothered with Nat, since the Spider had her own room at the farm.“So, how’s little Natasha?” Nat asked as she gave a gentle brush to her friend’s bump. She was excited to have another niece to love and spoil.A grimace graced Hermione’s face before she told Nat, “She’s actually a Nathaniel.”Nat bent down to the bump with her nephew, “Traitor,” she grumbled. “I owe Malfoy ten bucks too.”Hermione gave a breathy laugh before she hugged Nat. “I wouldn’t worry too much about him. He just loves to take the piss out of everything,” she reminded Nat as they both made their way upstairs.“Thanks Hermione, for all of this,” Nat said as she stopped with Hermione just 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger/Clint Barton
Hermione Granger & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

freeform: 
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Family
Pregnant Hermione
Clint married Hermione
Auror Hermione Granger
Rose is a Barton
Deaf Clint Barton
He does use hearing aids

fandom: 
Hermione Granger/Clint Barton
Hermione Granger & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)

