Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Part 1 “Hey kid, you ready?” Steve asks as he approaches the young girl, still kicking himself for agreeing to this.She was only twenty-two; old enough to volunteer, but too young to understand the risks. He reminds himself that he was her age and trying to volunteer for the war, but that doesn’t stop the worry.She reminded him of himself the day they hashed out the plan; not budging an inch when she knew there was something she could do to help.
“They’ve fought enough,” she argued.  

“They know what to expect, you don’t. It could be dangerous; stuff could go wrong.”

“The only…” she let out a short breath, willing away the burn at the back of her throat. “The only ones left that know what to expect are either injured, off-world, or with their families. They’ve given everything already, let me help. Let me do it for them.”
“Ready for anything,” the girl nods, bouncing on her toes in excitement.Misplaced, he thinks before taking a step towards her.“I need you to do me a favor,” he says, watching her cock a brow in defiance. He waits for her to challenge him, something along the lines of ‘what’s in it for me?’ like she had asked so many times before, but instead she waits for him to speak. “When you go to Lehigh, I need you to return these,” he says, passing her a handful of red vials identical to those already in her belt. “I figure we should return the vials I stole when we jumped the first time. You know; in case I set off some mess of events.”“Bruce already explained that that’s not how it works,” she lectures mockingly, but dropping the four red vials into a compartment on her hip none the less. “Why four?”“We had already lost a stone once, I didn’t want to risk getting stuck somewhere,” he offers, but his eyes squint in the way she’d learned meant he wasn’t telling the whole story. It was like he was trying to force the truth through his eyes, but it only served as an indicator.She’d first seen it a year ago, when he claimed he had no personal connection to the mission.Six years, she reminds herself.Six years because she’d been gone for five. Dead for five. Whatever half-truth Steve was telling her, she wasn’t going to push it. She couldn’t imagine the storm within his head right now, dealing with loss after loss over the last five years. She’d have all the time in the world to ask him about it when they were finished for today.Right now, they had a job to do.“You ready?” she asks, repeating his earlier words.He opens his mouth, almost looking like he’s going to agree when he clamps his jaw and drops his head. She’d learned in their time that that meant he wasn’t ready. Nowhere near it.She steps forward immediately, wrapping her arms around his torso because she couldn’t reach around his shoulders, and feeling his arms squeeze her.“You know I’m proud of you, right Marlow?”She freezes against himIn the year and a half she’d known him, he’d never spared to show that he supported her, that he would fight for her, that he was proud, but he never said it. No one, in fact, had ever told Marlow that they were proud of her, but she always knew that he was. They were work associates that became friends that became the closest thing possible to siblings in their short time together, and so he never had to. She just knew that he was.But him saying it now—moments before they embark on the most insane mission she’d ever planned with him—makes her blood run cold.“Please don’t,” she begs quietly. She didn’t know what she was asking him not to do, but she couldn’t bare it.“I won’t be gone. Not really.”
“Please”. 
“It’s alright. You’ll be alright… But when I’m not around, watch out for Bucky will you? He’s gonna say he doesn’t need it, he might even try to fight you on it, but watch out for him?”Marlow doesn’t say anything. She can’t. If she does, she knows she’ll start crying and that wasn’t something she was going to do. Not in front of him. Not when she knew he had already decided to follow through with his plan, and she wouldn’t make him feel more guilt than he already was.It takes a few minutes for that burn to disappear. A few minutes of the two standing silently in the locker room of the pop-up military encampment they’d been staying in since their fight against Thanos. Since so many lives were lost.
The burn is back. 
“I’ll try my best,” she says finally, “although you both seem to share the same pig-headedness.”“We do,” he chuckles against her hair. “But I think you can get to him…”“I’m going to miss you.”“I won’t be gone long. Just a minute.”“Okay,” she nods. “A minute.” ⁂ Now in the clearing a half mile from the ruined Avengers Compound, they run through final checks for the mission.“May 4th, twenty-twelve, 3:43 PM, 177A Bleeker street, Manhattan,” Marlow repeats from memory.“On the rooftop. She’ll be expecting you,” Bruce adds, the pencil in his hand swirling through the air as he speaks.“Right. Then to Stark Tower, same time and day to return that bad boy,” she says, nodding to t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Quantum Realm
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie)
Time Travel
Reality Stones
Eventual Relationships
Post-Blip
Pre-Episode: s01e01 New World Order (The Falcon and the Winter Soldier)
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV) Trailers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Friends to Lovers
Marvel OC
Hydra (Marvel)
Original Character(s)
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

