Work Text:
Marc stared into the ceiling as the butterflies fluttered in his chest. He tried to take a deep breath, a pitiful attempt to settle them. He was unsure how they had gotten inside of him in the first place. He just knew they were there. Could feel their wings beating against his ribs, his throat, his heart. The air caught before he could finish taking a full breath.
Why’d you keep fucking it up?
He felt a few climb their way out of his throat, making their way out past his parted lips as he breathed out. If he had been better, if he had been honest with everyone maybe they wouldn’t have escaped. He blinked slowly, watching their white wings dance in front of him, red drops falling with every movement.
I hate to say I told you so…
His chest hurt as he took another stuttering breath. They crawled through the small holes looking for any way out. The Water lapping at his sides washed away more of them. Their small bodies drowning before they could take flight.You can’t breathe on your own.Marc felt himself sinking without them. Melting into the cold recesses of his mind. He wished he could bring them back. He hadn’t realized their importance before. Hadn’t known how vital those small creatures were. He had always been able to see the holes in others. Was able to see those insignificant bugs crawling through them. Feasting on their blood. Staining their skin.Marc.He sighed closing his eyes. It didn’t matter now he supposed. They were leaving, and there was nothing he could do. No way to collect them, to keep them inside anymore. He had thought maybe after all this he could have a future, but there wasn’t a chance in hell.
It’s ok
He could feel arms wrapping around him. A small smile spread across his lips, as he felt his skin begin to peel from his bones. He was being unmade. The butterflies taking everything as he drifted further and further into the void.The setting sun illuminated the butterflies in his chest. Their red wings glistening in the light as they followed Marc, marching side by side, as he breathed one last breath.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Character Death
Coping with Death
free form
Body Horror

fandom: 
None
