Chapter 1: Meat and Greet
    




Chapter Text
“Stay here, Raze,” Raven told the eight-year-old. She ruffled his hair gently, touched his cheek. Raze smiled and leaned against her touch.It didn’t happen much anymore. He was growing up. Raze still liked touch even if he was growing, though. He didn’t really get why it had to happen less.“’Kay,” he said.“Good boy,” Raven murmured. Raze’s chest swelled with pride.Mama left the right backseat and circled the car, walked up the long road to the cabin. A big, scary-looking man walked to meet her. Raze’s face was glued to the car window. He tried to alter his body to listen better, but he wasn’t so good at shifting intricately yet. After a few minutes, his head hurt a little, so he stopped trying and just watched.The scary man was Uncle Victor. Raze had never met him before, but Mama made him watch lots of videos. He knew Uncle Victor tore people apart easy, and fought a lot with Logan – the man who didn’t want Raze as his son – and he did a lot of illegal work for criminals just like Mama did. He knew Uncle Victor was gonna teach him lots.“You scared?” the chauffeur asked.“No. I’m gonna learn lots from him,” Raze said, carefree. “I’m gonna be a little like him when I’m big, an’ people will be scared of me. Then I won’t have to fight so much.”The chauffeur snorted. “Smart. Does Ms Darkholme approve?”Raze huffed and slid back in the seat, crossed his arms over his chest. “Dunno. Not gonna tell ‘er. An’ you better not if ya wanna keep your job.”“Typical,” he muttered under his breath. The kid was already learning evil shit from his mom. Whatever. If she was teachinng a little kid to lie and blackmail, she deserved to be lied to. “I won’t tell, Mr Darkholme.”“’Kay. Just call me Raze, though. I don’t feel like a boy now,” they said, changing back to their natural form.“Gotcha, Raze. Ah, look. Ms Darkholme wants you,” the chauffeur said. He got out and opened Raze’s door, then gathered the baggage from the trunk. Raze let him take care of that, and went to see Mama and Uncle Victor. 
 Meanwhile:“Good mornin’, Raven,” Victor said, voice a bit gruff. He wasn’t exactly elated at having to babysit.“Hello, Victor,” she responded.“What exactly are ya wantin’ me t’do to the kid?”Raven raised a brow. “You’re unusually straight-forward today.”“Well, we both know by now trainin’ kids is tricky.”Graydon Creed was an unfortunate smear on their shared past, no matter how much their regret had faded over decades. Raven’s own – Kurt and Anna Marie – had deviated from the path she would’ve preferred. She didn’t begrudge them their autonomy. But it was about time one of her children grew up with their purpose in mind.“I’ve started withdrawing affection. Raze needs to separate from me to a degree. Whatever you do to them, let them bond to you. They’ll need that rebellion against me. To be more practical: I won’t be teaching them my fighting style. They’re too desparate for it, so I’ll use the hope to bend and shape them. You need to teach them all you know when it comes to fighting. I’ll continue to focus on stealth, logistics, organization. You train them in physical disciplines, weapons. They’re squeamish with dead bodies, even animals. You’ll need to work on that. I want them starting kill missions this fall. And…”She hesitated. Victor raised a brow this time.“They’re too soft-hearted.”Victor nodded in understanding. He purred. “You’ll have a difficult time takin’ that away.”Raven didn’t respond. All her children were soft and innocent at the core, especially so young. She hated the hardening process. But it was necessary. “They’ll need less heart if they’re going to stand up for themself against people like their father. There isn’t room for emotion. They’re too easily manipulated.”Victor hummed and scratched his cheek. “Well. With the stable infant bonding with you an’ some roughin’ up now with me, maybe they’ll be enough of an individual to stand firm when Daken comes ‘round.”Daken had murdered every one of his siblings. Raven and Victor figured it was well within his capability and desire to destroy his own son.“We have an understanding.”Victor nodded. “You keep talkin’ about whatchu want, when ya want it. An’ I’ll letcha know if I got questions.”Raven nodded back. She turned and waved at the car, beckoning forward. The chauffeur responded promptly. Soon, Raze came walking down the road.Victor squinted. “Pretty thing. Got all the grace an’ curves o’both their parents. Gonna break hearts when they’re older.”Raven huffed. “You should see what they do to get their way. They’ll break people when they’re older.”“Needs a haircut.”The wild red hair stuck out all over the place, three inches here and two there.“I like it like that. They keep it the way they like. Don’t fuss at the appearance. It’s a delicate thing for us shifters,” Raven murmured.“Yeah, yeah.”Raze was within earshot now, so the two adults kept quiet. They were slouching, but drew themself up straight for twofold reasons:
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Childhood Trauma
Emotional Manipulation
Child Abuse
Animal Death
Mild Gore
Shapeshifting
Genderfluid Character
Manipulation
Bad Parenting
Blackmail
Threats
Child Neglect
I cant think of what else fits here
i think that's all the obviously triggery stuff
Chapter two brought
An adult considering
Pedophilia
he chose not to but he's still being gross and inappropriate
Sadism
Victor creed everybody.
the creepiest fucker ever invented
second only to panzram

fandom: 
None
