Work Text:
 
 

“What good will this do? How does father think 

this 

will help me in battle?” Loki asked Thor in an angry, but hushed tone as they both left the All-Father’s presence. 


“Don't you get it, brother? He's sending 

women 

to your chambers. To –”


Loki rolled his eyes so dramatically, Thor decided not to finish. 


“I don't 

want 

strange women in my room, Thor. I know that is the sort of thing you do in your spare time, but random sex with strangers does not appeal to me. It's impersonal and, to be quite honest, disgusting.” 


Thor snorted.  “Send them to me, then.”

 

It wasn't long before rumors spread all over Asgard. “

Odin is hand picking maidens for the younger prince to mate with!

” Your closest friend whispered as you both took your after dinner walk. 


“I actually heard that he's not hand picking them. He's having his guards bring eligible women-” you started, but couldn't bring yourself to finish. The thought of all those women with Loki made you sick to your stomach. 


You had developed some complicated feelings for the young prince, but you had never told anyone. It started with a book. You had been walking through the queen's garden one evening when you noticed it lying in the grass and you knew almost immediately who it belonged to. 


You opened the cover just in case its owner had written a note inside, and dozens of tiny scraps of paper fell out. 


“What are you doing?” 


You yelped, dropping the book and whirling around to face him. 


“I– I'm sorry. I thought you forgot it. I was trying to make sure it was yours before I– brought it back to you.” 


Loki's face was unreadable for so long, you almost ran away, but then he grinned mischievously. 


“I frightened you.”


You nodded seriously, but you couldn't help smiling back. 






“Do you think they'll pick one of us?!” Your friend asked, tearing you away from your memory. 


Jealousy washed over you, thick and hot and utterly miserable as you imagined listening to her gush about spending the night with Loki- 

your 

Loki. 


“No. I don't.” You said harshly, eliciting a curious glance from her. 


“There are thousands of 

eligible 

women in Asgard. I'm sure we will be overlooked.” 


You sighed deeply.


“I must be getting home now. It's late.”






You ignored the shocked expression on her face as you stalked away, even though you knew that none of this was her fault. You just couldn't deal with any more questions at the moment. Your mind kept wandering to the next time you encountered Loki. 


You'd told your friend that neither of you would be chosen because there were just

 so many women

, but the real reason 

you 

wouldn't be chosen was far more complicated. You knew who Loki really was, and you'd promised him you would never ever tell. 


It had been an accident. You were looking for a place to hide from your ex, and Loki had been trying to warm up before returning to the ball. It was unseasonably cold that night, and you remembered wishing you'd skipped the ridiculous event altogether. Going alone had been a terrible idea, especially since your ex had decided to harass you every time he saw you. So rather than continue fighting with him in public, you stealthily escaped into the palace and ran as fast as you could upstairs, not knowing where you would go. When you finally slowed down, you heard a voice from one of the empty rooms in the tower so you peered inside, curious to know who was 

also 

hiding up there. 


“Get 

out!

” 


You gasped as Loki yelled in your direction. You knew he didn't actually see you. He hadn't even raised his head. But there was something…off about him. 


“I—I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to snoop, I just– I was looking for somewhere to hide and–” 


At the sound of your voice, Loki lifted his head slowly, revealing the brilliant blue color on his skin and the characteristic crimson eyes of a frost giant. You stifled your gasp, but he heard it anyway. His head dropped into his hands.


“Please, y/n… don't speak of this. You'd be in danger and so would I.” 


The pain in his voice was so tangible, it took your breath away and you took a small step toward him. 


“Loki…” You breathed, “Your secret is safe. I swear… on my life.”


You'd never been close to a frost giant before, especially since everyone in Asgard talked about how ruthless and barbaric they were. You'd imagined them to be grotesque, difficult to gaze upon. But Loki was 

lovely. 

His eyes glowed softly and his skin looked like the night sky when the moon was full. Bright and deep all at once. 


“Who are you hiding from?” He whispered. 






You stayed there with him, talking softly and sitting so close together that your hands brushed against each other's, then entwined almost of their own volition. 







When the first maiden arrived accompanied by guards, Loki glared at Odin's men and graciously invited her inside. He knew there was no point in fighting it. 


But before she could say more than th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/you

freeform: 
Self Insert
Romance
Odin's world class parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting (Marvel)
Prince Loki

fandom: 
Loki/you

