Work Text:
 1. first quarterShe’s not quite sure how it happened.  They’d just sort of reached for each other — still hot, still sweaty from the fighting — in some mutual unspoken agreement.  Perhaps it was the leftover adrenaline. Or maybe it was realising just how  goddamn good  the other looked while beating up a bunch of smuggling thugs. Nothing so sweet and innocent as being afraid of losing each other, surely.  Well, however it happened, she’s here in his lap in this too-small tent, and it’s  very  clear where this is going to go. He breaks their kiss to ask in a low voice, “You want this?” God, as if she hasn’t wanted to do this since she first laid eyes on him. “Yes, yes, I do.” She tugs off his shirt and presses her lips to where his neck meets his shoulder, tasting the salt of his sweat on the tip of her tongue.  “God, you’re gorgeous,” he tells her as he undresses her. “You’re not bad yourself,” she replies with a smirk. She runs her hands across the olive expanse of his chest and wets her lips. She flirts her way through the whole thing, but feels the guards she's put up around her heart coming down one by one, and by the time he leaves her with a smile and a kiss, she's forced by the giddy, light happiness that wells up in her to admit to herself that  oh  ,  I'm that far gone.  

2. waxing gibbousIt's a little funny, if mostly heartbreaking, to find out that he's a traditionalist  after she marries him. "Why are you acting like we haven't done this before?" she asks with some frustration as he dallies nervously, picking at the cuffs of his shirt, not looking at her. "Is this the same man who shagged me in the back of a Jeep where the driver could  clearly hear us  because the perfume I had on was somehow ‘insanely aphrodisiacal’?"  He laughs, at that, and looks up at her. "You haven't got it on now." She pouts playfully. "My mistake. If I'd known you'd be like this tonight, I would've flown back to Bahrain just to get more." He drops his gaze again, and she regrets her words immediately. She scoots a little closer to him on their bed and tilts his head up with a hand.  "Hey. What's wrong?" "Nothing's wrong, I-" "You know we don't have to if you don't want to." "No! I do want to. I do want to, Layla." She purses her lips and tilts her head at him — then why? "It's just, well, this feels different." "Because we just got married today?" "Yeah, that. Like — fuck, I don't know. I feel like it's supposed to be special, supposed to be  better , you know what I mean?" She squints at him. "Is it?" He looks offended. "How can you say that? Layla, we're husband and wife now. That counts for nothing?" "No, I mean, obviously it does. But there's no reason the sex needs to be like, suddenly earth-shattering or groundbreaking or whatever. Anyway, it's not like it wasn't like that before," she says, smirking. He frowns, completely ignoring her last sentence. "Okay, but—" "What are you afraid of?"  He is silent for a long moment. Then, in a very small voice — "I'm afraid that I'm not… that I won't be good enough for you." It's possibly the most honest he's ever been with her. "Oh, Marc. You know that's not true." "It could be." "You love me. You asked me to marry you. I'm in love with you. That's good enough for me." “Yeah? You don’t—” “Shh. Let me take care of you tonight. Okay? Let me show you you’re good enough for me.” He nods slowly and lets her unbutton his shirt gently, fits his hands around her as she kisses him and climbs on top of him, and moans obligingly when she takes him. There is no more self-deprecation that night. 3. full moonShe cringes when she cuts away his shirt. The wound is large and gaping and showing clear signs of infection. “How long ago did they do this to you?” “Don’t know exactly. Two weeks? One?” He squints, trying to remember. “Probably somewhere in between.” She shakes her head in disbelief and goes to wash her hands. “Want something to bite down on?” “No.” “Suit yourself, then.”  She’s so relieved that he’s home that she doesn’t even laugh or say ‘I told you so’ when he hisses and curses copiously as she washes his wound with a warm, wet cloth. “Sorry,  ya amar ,” she tells him, and kisses him lightly before going to find the antiseptic gel they’ve got somewhere in their really messy bathroom cabinet. "What did that mean?" he asks, when she comes back. "Hmm?" "What you called me. 'Ya-ma'? You've never called me that before." "Oh," she says. " Ya amar. It means 'my moon'." "I like it," he says, and smiles at her. Tears well in her eyes all of a sudden. "I missed you so much," she says. "I missed you. I was so worried. I thought you might be dead."  He looks vaguely alarmed for a moment, then gestures towards his lap. She sits in it as carefully as she can while sniffling, and he takes the tube of antiseptic from her gently and puts it on the arm of the sofa before putting his good arm around her. "I'm safe now," he says. "I'm here, Layla." "I know. I know, I just—" "I love you,"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Layla El-Faouly/Marc Spector
Layla El-Faouly/Steven Grant

freeform: 
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Layla El-Faouly/Marc Spector
Layla El-Faouly/Steven Grant

