Work Text:

As soon as Marc feels Steven fall out of consciousness he finally takes over the body, stretching out his limbs slowly until he hears a pop. 

He reaches down and unbuckles the restraint tied around his ankle, throwing it to the side and getting up from the bed. He walks away, cursing as he accidentally steps through the sand Steven had left around the bed. He crouches down and pats it lightly to fix the footsteps he had left imprinted on the sand before standing back up and walking off towards Steven’s dresser. 

He pulls off his pajama shirt and reaches down to untie the drawstring on his sweatpants, but his movements quickly come to a halt as he hears a familiar ringtone.

He looks over in the direction of the sound, eyes wide in shock. He quickly runs over to where he knows the phone will be, pushing over the table and knocking over a few cups in his haste. 

He lifts the loose board and grabs the flip phone, quickly silencing it before staring down at the device. He must’ve accidentally left the ringer on the last time he used it.

Layla’s name shone in the darkness before disappearing off the screen. He glances over the hundreds of missed calls and messages, all from her, wishing he could answer just one. 

Marc’s heart sinks in his chest, guilt flooding his brain. He wishes he didn’t have to do this, but this is the only way he can protect her. From himself and from Khonshu. Maybe one day she’ll understand.

“

Marc.

” 

Marc jumps at the loud voice, turning around to face the god behind him. The other always seems to show up at the worst time possible. 

“What do you want?” Marc huffs as he scrolls through the list of missed calls, the same name repeating in his head over and over again. How could he do this to her? He tries to tell himself that it’s for her own good—and it is—but the shame still riddles his mind. 

“

We must continue our search for the scarab.

” Khonshu reminds him. 

“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Marc rolls his eyes at the answer distractedly, one that he’s heard millions of times before. Marc can make out the sound of Khonshu speaking but he is too preoccupied with looking through Layla's text messages to care. He sighs as he scrolls down to the newest one, clutching the phone harder in his grasp.


“Are you listening to me?” 

Khonshu repeats, raising his voice to catch Marc’s attention. 

He ignores the deity in favor of walking over towards the kitchen. He pulls open the cabinet where he knows Steven stores the liquor.

Marc grabs the fullest bottle, not even bothering to look at the label. He slumps onto the floor, back resting against the closed cabinet door. He lets out a long, drawn out sigh. 

He tries to remember the last conversation he had had with Layla, but unsurprisingly his mind is blank. The only reason he even has to distance himself is to protect her. Protect her from danger, but most importantly from Khonshu. He knows what the god has in store for her if Marc ever stops being his avatar. Maybe, Marc thought, if he left her out of it, Khonshu would choose someone else. 

Marc lazily unscrews the cap and brings the bottle to his lips, but before he can take a sip, Khonshu taps his staff on the ground. Marc glances over at the god, almost having forgotten he was there. 

“

You can’t fight if you’re intoxicated, Marc.

” Khonshu reprimands.

“I can fight just fine either way,” Marc glares up at him, taking a long swig of his drink. 

“

You must stay focused on our quest to find Ammit.

” Khonshu says, appearing in front of Marc, leaning against the countertop and startling him. 

“Yeah? And why should I?” Marc retaliates between two gulps of liquor.

“

Have you forgotten? You are my avatar.

” 

“How could I have forgotten?” Marc scoffs. “You ruined my fucking life.” 

“

I 

saved

 your life!” 

Khonshu retorts, his voice loud and angry, pounding in Marc’s ears. 

“Maybe you should’ve just left me to die then.” Marc snaps back, the words leaving his mouth before he could stop them. 

Khonshu forcefully stabs the blunt end of his staff into Marc’s bare chest, leaning in slowly. “

If that’s what you really want I can always just bring you back down to hell.

”

Marc ignores the deity, instead downing almost a quarter of the bottle in a single movement, tilting his head all the way back and letting it knock against the cabinet door. Before he even realizes what’s happening, he feels the bottle get knocked out of his grasp. His ears ring at the sharp sound of glass being shattered against the surface of the floor. He feels something wet dripping down his thigh, blood. It only takes him a second before he realizes it’s his own, registering the pain spreading across his leg. 

“What the fuck!?” Marc shouts at the god. 

“

It seems I must remind you just exactly who it is you serve…” 

Khonshu mutters in disdain. 

“I don’t serve shit.” Marc says between clenched teeth. 

Khonshu points the sharp end of his staff at Marc’s throat, running it down his neck slo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Khonshu/Marc Spector

freeform: 
Masturbation
Forced Masturbation
Cheating
Dom/sub Undertones
Blood
but barely
Drinking
The Author Regrets Everything
Mildly Dubious Consent
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
Khonshu/Marc Spector

