Work Text:

Marc gritted his teeth as he felt Harrow’s hand run down his back. His own hands were tied, a piece of rope between bars on a headboard. Marc could break it. He 

had 

broken it before, but it never seemed to do them any good. No matter what Marc tried, Harrow always seemed just a step ahead of him.

“This will be easier if you just give me Steven,” Harrow said calmly, his tone ever patronizing.

When Marc didn’t respond, Harrow sighed. It didn’t stop him. His hands roughly grabbed Marc’s hips and forced him to raise his lower half off the bed. No wasn’t an answer, verbal or otherwise.

Marc knew what to expect by now, if that was any consolation. He tried not to wince at the loud 

pop 

of the bottle of lube being opened. Despite knowing the cold press of Harrow’s slicked fingers would follow only moments later, his body still tensed.

“You’ll hurt Steven if you don’t relax.”

Bile rose in Marc’s throat, eyes pinching shut. He let out a heavy breath, trying to relax his body as best as he could. No matter how many times they repeated this process, Marc would never be able to completely relax into Harrow’s hands. His entrance ached at the intrusion. The stretch around Harrow’s fingers was methodical, a means to an end. No. Harrow wasn’t sweet on him, not like how he was with Steven.

Marc had all but started to block everything out when Harrow’s fingers withdrew and instead his cock pressed in.


“Shit!” 

Marc cursed, body seizing up. It hurt.

Harrow paused for a moment, but it likely wasn’t for Marc’s sake. 

“You know, refusing to give up control to Steven is starting to make me think you enjoy being treated like this,” Harrow said, as if casually commenting on the weather. “I know you can be good too. Just give me Steven.”

Marc wanted to glare at Harrow but refused to turn his head. He wasn’t going to look at that man. No matter what Harrow believed, Marc was protecting Steven.

Keeping his head down, Marc tried to focus on himself and block Harrow out. All his comments, his gentle pleads for Steven. Harrow didn’t make it easy; his thrusts were rough, his hand yanked at Marc’s curls.


I hate this, I hate this, I—


He’d give anything for this to be over. Over the years, Marc had dealt with his fair share of hardships and traumas, but nothing else had made him feel quite so ashamed and disgusted on a personal level.


Please just finish.


His mind repeated the mantra until it went silent, closing in on himself.

“A-Arthur,” his voice cracked, “please be gentle.”

It was like a switch flipped in Arthur, slowly stopping as his body draped over the other man’s back.

“Shhh,” Arthur cooed, “it’s alright, Steven.”

His arms wrapped around Steven, hand pressing against his chest to feel the wild beat of his heart.

Steven wanted to find comfort in the embrace, feel love in the kisses Arthur was pressing against his shoulder. In some twisted way, maybe it was love in Arthur’s eyes.

“I-it hurts,” Steven stammered, trying to force back those panicked and pained tears that always tried to force their way out in situations like these.

Arthur hummed, pressing one final kiss between Steven’s shoulder blades before pulling back. “I know, I’m sorry.” He manhandled Steven into rolling over before cupping his cheeks with both hands.

The loving gesture always made Steven’s heart ache in a way he couldn’t explain, but his eyes didn’t shut as Arthur kissed him. Slow and passionate, as if he had all the time in the world to spend on Steven.

In spite of himself, Steven relaxed, eyes slowly falling shut.

One of Arthur’s hands left his face to stroke down his body, the rough calluses on his hand making Steven shiver. Once down to his thigh, he gently encouraged Steven to spread his legs without his lips ever leaving the other’s mouth.

Although Steven was plenty stretched at this point, Arthur still slipped two of his fingers back into Steven’s hole. They pumped in and out slowly, as if trying to soothe the earlier sting.

He cried out as Arthur’s fingers pressed against his prostate.

“Good boy, Steven,” Arthur murmured, watching Steven’s face as he stroked the spot in rhythmic curls.

Steven’s stomach flared up with heat as he moaned. His stomach felt just about as his chest did, panting for breath as Arthur played with his body.

“Too much,” Steven said breathily, knowing Arthur would listen to him.

Arthur smiled. “Alright.” He kissed Steven soft and sweet. “You’re doing so well.”

The earlier ache was still there as Arthur pressed his cock back inside, but it didn’t string nearly as bad.

It was easier for Steven to handle this. He didn’t 

want 

Marc to protect him, not when Arthur liked him better, not when he could save them from the pain. Steven didn’t want Marc to suffer.

Whether Arthur fully realized that or thought Steven liked him back, the latter was never sure. It didn’t matter though.

Arthur fucked him slowly, more like making love than the fucked up sexual act this really was. He held S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steven Grant/Arthur Harrow
Arthur Harrow/Marc Spector

freeform: 
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
like seriously
Rape/Non-con Elements
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Abuse
Arthur tries forcing a switch

fandom: 
Steven Grant/Arthur Harrow
Arthur Harrow/Marc Spector

