Work Text:

“Layla!” Marc calls into the apartment. He stands by the door, uncomfortable in the suit he has to wear for this event they’re going to. He fiddles with his bowtie mindlessly, anxious energy flowing through him. Marc is more than comfortable in battle situations, but not so much in formal events, such as the one they’re going to tonight. 
 
“Just a minute!” She calls back. 
 
They’re meeting one of her contacts tonight to get some artifact from him. Marc’s not really sure of all the specifics, all he knows is that once he heard about the plan he was determined to be a part of it. 
 
“We’re going to be la-” Marc turns and sees Layla coming down the hall, putting an earring in. His mouth goes dry. 
 
Layla is wearing a deep green dress that hugs her frame just right. The top comes to a tie around her neck, leaving her shoulders and back bare. Her hair is pulled up into a loose knot on the top of her head, leaving her kneck beautifully exposed. This skirt is flowy, cut in a handkerchief style. 
 
Layla looks gorgeous no matter what she’s wearing, Marc would almost swear she's a goddess. But in this dress, in this moment, Marc would swear that he’s never seen anything more stunning in his life. 
 
“I know, I know. We’re going to be late.” She says, putting her other earring in. She goes to slide past Marc and get to the front door, but she’s stopped when he wraps an arm around her waist and pulls her flush against him. 
 
“Hey, what’s the rush? We’ve got time.” Marc says as he leans down, capturing his wife’s lips with his own. She smiles into the kiss, indulging him for a moment before pulling away. 
 
“No, we don’t.” She pats his chest as she slips out of his hold. “Geovany hates when people are late.” She opens their front door before looking back over her shoulder at him, a mischievous smile playing on her lips. “Besides, the sooner we get there, the sooner we can leave.” 
 
With that she leaves, taking any hope Marc might have of a…. quick distraction with her. With a groan, he looks into the mirror.
 
“You like the dress? I helped her pick it out.” Jake smirks at Marc in his reflection. 
 
“I helped with the color!” Steven adds, a smile on his face. 
 
“Of the two of you did.” Bastards. The both of them. They know what they’ve done. 
  
This is going to be a very long night. 

At the party, Marc feels very out of place, but Layla looks like she could never belong anywhere more. Amongst the opulent decorations, the decadent food, the large glittering chandeliers, and the beautiful gowns draped over the ladies in attendance, Layla is still the most lovely of it all. 
 
Tonight, everyone gets to see Layla exactly how Marc sees her every day, even when she's sweaty and covered in dirt, she looks alluring.
 
The only problem with everyone else getting to see Layla the way that Marc sees her every day, is that other people now want to act on it. It’s like the ring on her finger and Marc by her side mean nothing. Or like it’s some kind of obstacle to overcome. 
 
“Layla El-Faouly.” A tall, tanned man with dark slicked-back hair approaches her, confidence oozing out of him, not even glancing at Marc. 
 
“Geovany.” Layla greets him with a warm smile, holding out her hand. He takes it and presses a long kiss against her knuckles. “Have you met my husband-”
 
“Charmed, I’m sure. He says, cutting Layla off without even glancing over at Marc. “Miss. El-Faouly, would you do me the honor of dancing with me?” 
 
Marc stiffens at the pointed use of ‘Miss’ despite Layla clearly just calling him her husband. She must sense it, or feel the same way, because she very subtly takes Marc’s hand and squeezes gently, reassuringly. 
 
“Geovany.” She lightly scolds. “We have business to attend to.” 
 
“I never attend to business without some pleasure first.” He leers at her and oh god, Marc wants to hit him so badly. “Come on Layla, just one dance.” 
 
Layla sighs, but keeps the smile on her face. She turns to Marc and squeezes his hand once again. “I’ll be right back.” She promises softly. The touch lingers until the last possible second as she follows Geovany toward the center of the room. 
 
Marc watches closely, very very closely, as Geovany pulls her close, his hand resting on her lower back, almost too low. A slow song plays and they sway, it’s probably some dance that Marc just can’t name at this moment. 
 
Layla throws back her head and laughs as Geovany whispers something in her ear. Even from halfway across the room, Marc is able to see her eyes light up with whatever he said. Marc wants to cut across the room and cut it, he should be the one holding his wife close, his hand sliding just south of decent, making her laugh.
 
But this is important. This deal, the hand-off. It’s so important to Layla, and Marc is not going to ruin this for her. 
 
Once the music ends, Geovany leads Layla over to the bar and flags the bartender down, who places two flutes of champagne down. He hands one to Layla and takes the other 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Layla El-Faouly/Marc Spector

freeform: 
Steven and Jake show up briefly
for like a second
I was listening to Green Green Dress
and thinking about Marc and Layla
and so.... this
Marc is a simp for his wife
so Marc Simptor

fandom: 
Layla El-Faouly/Marc Spector

