Work Text:

“You good up there?”


David knows he’s winding Frank up, but as far as he’s concerned it’s a perfectly fair question. The guy looked clammy and halfway green this morning when he rolled out of bed to get going on the stakeout - some shithole in East Orange, guys coming in and out all day and most of them probably deserve a bullet but one of them is gonna get his sooner than later provided Frank gets his shit together, which is looking increasingly doubtful. He’s been breathing kinda heavy since he got set up on the roof, rustling around over the comlink like he can’t get comfortable; for the past hour or so David’s been able to hear him making these thick labored swallowing sounds every so often, choking back whatever’s trying to seep up his throat. Clearly, he’s coming down with 

something

 - whether from an overage of diner food or from going facedown in a dirty alley against one of the many costumed pricks New York City has to offer, who can say, but the result is the same. The Punisher is squeezed in on stakeout in New Jersey and trying not to hurl.


“Just as good as I was half an hour ago,” Frank mutters down the com, then falls silent except for the grunt of another swallow. Yeah, okay. David does his best to hold back on saying 

That bad, huh,

 because really, what would it help. All he can do is settle back and keep watching the danger points, make sure the stakeout doesn’t go south by any external influence.


And listen.


Listen to the noises Frank’s making in David’s ear over the radio that doesn’t turn off - the bitten-off grunts of discomfort, the wet sound of his throat flexing and releasing, the gurgle coming up from his insides that he can hear crisply thanks to the com’s positioning at Frank’s collar. 


Shift in his seat a bit; readjust his pants against his dick.


He should probably feel worse about this than he does.


But there’s something about it, right? David doesn’t know why, exactly. Maybe it’s that the sounds Frank’s making now, without visual input, are pretty much indistinguishable from the sounds he makes when he’s gagging himself on David’s dick - yeah, there’s that. There’s the memory of Frank’s throat around him, Frank’s face buried in his lap - right here in the van, even, that big body roped round with so much barely constrained power, constraining itself at 

his

 feet, making himself open for David to use the way Frank needs to be used from time to time. Yeah, there’s that, David thinks, rubbing himself hard through his pants. Definitely that.


But it’s not 

just

 that. There’s some other shit mixed in there too, David figures, something that makes it uniquely exciting to listen to Frank try not to lose his lunch. Something about— Frank’s big strong soldier shit, the way he just squints and grits his teeth and powers through everything because he wants the general consensus to be that he can’t actually physically feel pain. The way he’s putting the lie to that right now, shifting around on the rooftop, sort of groaning under his breath barely loud enough for David to hear, like he doesn’t even know he’s making noise. Again, kinda reminiscent of how he gets sometimes when David fucks him, when David presses him facedown and does his best to knock him out of his head, when David gets his balls in one hand and tugs down sharp enough he gets a sympathy twinge from his own nuts and a mindless ragged yell from Frank - when he gets so deep in the feeling that David can tell he’s edging towards out of his mind with it. Different kinds of pain, same result. 


David gives the screens in front of him another good pass, making sure there’s nothing unexpected coming up - but his ear is on the com the whole time, listening to Frank’s stomach churn. He’s under no illusions about the nature of their relationship; he knows Frank won’t let David put him to bed or feed him soup or stroke his forehead ‘til he’s better. But maybe, he thinks, Frank would let him come in close, box him in from behind so he can get his face up in the sour sweat at his nape, and press on his gut. Make him keep grinding out those little pained sounds louder and louder, make him desperate and shaky, 200 pounds of dead weight slumping back against David. Make him, eventually, when he’s been drooling down his chin and gagging hard for a minute or so trying not to - make him blow chunks down his front. Soak his shirt and crust onto his chin and drip down out of his mouth in helpless little retches, body moving out of his control like it does when he lets David do all this other shit to him. Different pain, same result - making big scary shithouse Frank Castle into David’s sweet little slut. 



Jesus.

 David scrubs a hand down his face and squints at the camera feeds that would let him know if anyone was coming up on Frank’s back. All clear. Still, he thinks, he really shouldn’t be doing this shit. Besides the obvious, the utter weirdness of getting off on Frank’s discomfort like it’s a speci
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/David "Micro" Lieberman

freeform: 
Emetophilia
Fantasizing
Voyeurism
Hand Jobs
Frank "No Kink Negotiation" Castle
in my Monkey On Typewriter era

fandom: 
Frank Castle/David "Micro" Lieberman

