Work Text:

The woods were still filled with the sound of merrymaking. You watched Helios rise sleepily  in the sky, bathing everything in his warm golden light. You yawned and stretched with a low groan, held close by your two curious satyrs. 

They were your newest discovery, found only in the past week. You had done your nightly whirling dance to Selene, safe by the reeds of your riverbank. 

Your voice was pure and steady as you sang your devotion to the observant moon. Your dark skin gleamed in the moonlight, your eyes glowing with the river’s power. You were one with the land beneath your bare feet, the wet soil comfortingly cool.

The sound of voices broke your offering. You returned to the water, your face filled with worry. Was it mortals? 

Your sisters were further downstream. You liked to dance alone. You swam silently towards the voices, almost invisible against the dark of the water. You would enchant them and allow them to drown, if need be. 

But it wasn’t humans. You could see their horns and fur-covered legs. Their cloven hooves trampled the grass below. Satyrs. You tilted your head in confusion as you watched them. 

They seemed interested in the sky. Perhaps these children of Dionysus also devoted themselves to Selene as you did. You smiled softly at the thought.

You emerged gracefully from the water, your hair springing to life. You walked up to the satyrs unafraid. You were one with the earth. She would protect her child.

“Ho, favoured children of Dionysus! Speak you to Selene?” 

The smaller satyr stopped speaking, looking at you in surprise. They were both tanned, with dark eyes. The smaller one had a mischievous, boyish face, his messy hair streaked with silver. The larger one had curly silver hair, with a wide, expressive face that seemed nervous. 

You all regarded each other warily.

“Are you not afraid, water maiden?” The small one wore a lecherous grin. “Know you not of our temperament?” 

You could see his cock stirring to life. You ignored it. That was their nature. You shook your head, pointing at the sky. “What seeks your attention up there?”

The larger one spoke. His soft, relaxed voice belied the concern in his eyes. “We follow the stars.”

You frowned. Why do such a thing? They were the spirits of noble heroes, placed there by the will of Olympus. “Why, faun?”

“I am called Bruce.”

You laughed. What a strange name. “Bruce?”

He nodded, his face bashful. “I hail from a foreign land in the north. My name is common there.”

He put his arm around his friend. This is Antonios, he is nicer than he appears.”

You looked at him disbelievingly. Antonios tried to give his most winning smile. You laughed softly, the sound as gentle as a spring wind. 

The satyrs were momentarily undone. Nymphs were always a weakness, but you seemed different. Beautiful as the rest, of course, but there was a spark in your eyes. Perhaps you would be interested in their ideas.

You told them your name, feeling suddenly shy. Bruce beamed at you as Antonios put his arm around your shoulder. You noticed a deep, rough scar in the centre of his chest. He looked downward as he saw your look of sympathy.

“Sit with us, let us show you our discoveries. We have spoken with the mortals, shared our findings.” Antonios’ eyes were filled with a wondrous excitement. They were both quite handsome. 

You were impressed. “You are most unique, Bruce and Antonios of the woods. To speak with mortals of the stars!” 

You looked up as you sat on the ground, smoothing your pale chiton. “Teach me what my goddess illuminates.”

You spent the night listening to them, caught up in their excitement about other heavenly spheres. Your eyes shone bright as you looked at these sylvan teachers, delighting in the unknown. 

You worshipped the nocturnal gods. The obscure, the arcane, these unknown things were sacred. This was a most holy discovery. 

You stayed with them until Selene began her daily slumber and your sisters called. You stood quickly.

“Thank you, Bruce and Antonios. This was a most fascinating evening. I will spend the day thinking about what you have shown me.”

With a kiss on both their horns, you vanished back into the water. Bruce and Antonios looked at each other, a slight flush on their cheeks. They laughed as they stood, returning to their home. 

What a strange, and interesting, maiden. 

——

The next night you returned to the same point in the river. You sang and danced towards the sound of your satyrs, your wet chiton revealing your body as it clung to you. 

You greeted Antonios and Bruce, who were rendered mute at the sight of you. You grinned at them, they could not help their wild nature anymore than you could.

“I thought about our conversation all day. I did not tell my sisters, I wanted the night to belong to me alone.”

Bruce nodded in understanding. He took your hand in his. It was large and rough, yet his touch was gentle. It was oddly comforting. 

You allowed yourself to be taken away from the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Orgy
Bacchanalian Feasts
Breeding Kink
Come Eating
Public Sex
Public Blow Jobs
Monsterfucking
Fauns & Satyrs
Nymphs & Dryads

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader

