Work Text:
Fen had once considered her life predictable—for a princess, that is. The duties to her kingdom and people were facts of life she had prepared for, and she understood the sacrifices those duties would ask of her.
 
But her own damned curiosity and one stupid, beautiful surfacer sunk all predictability in her life down to the depths.
 
Fen stood on the ice shelf, not far from where she had first met Leonard all those years ago. Her gills ached from being closed against the air for so long, but she was loath to return underwater; she would not cut short her son’s fun just yet.
 
It was still strange to watch Namor in the air, looking for all intents and purposes like any swimming Atlantean, yet defying the gravity that pinned any other whenever they surfaced. His wings had dramatically sprouted barely a week before. With all the medical and magical examinations out of the way—the physicians speculated everything from surface disease to dark curses—the prince was eager to practice his newfound ability. It was not the most graceful thing at first: Namor would often overestimate his maneuverability and come to a skidding stop on the ice, but would always jump back up and into the air again before Fen could convince him to rest. While Namor had not yet developed the invulnerable skin inherent to the royal line, he had manifested his rapid healing fairly early, impressing all except the Emperor. For all Tha-korr attempted at civility in front of Fen, his disdain for his grandson was still obvious, Namor’s recent mutation further linking him to the surface only worsened the Emperor’s sentiment.
 
But even with the increased ostracization and expansion of Namor’s recklessness, Fen would not take this rare joy from him.
 

“What are the ones that walk on the ice called?” Fen had asked Leonard one night aboard his ship, an English encyclopedia on the table between them. “They move like this.” She pinned her arms to her sides and swayed left to right.


 

Leonard’s laughter was like sunlight from the surface. “Penguins, those would be penguins. Or pingüinos.” 

 


“They are different from the ones that prefer the sky, yes?”


 


“Yes, they tend to prefer the water, like you,” Leonard said, green eyes bright against his dark skin.


 


“Hm, what about the wandering ones with long fins—or wings. They are also white and black.” Fen had long-since given up the pretense of gathering surfacer information that would benefit the kingdom.


 


Leonard thought for a moment, hand scratching idly at his beard. Fen resisted the urge to distract him and scratch through it herself. “I think you mean albatrosses,” he said finally. “Sailors consider them a sign of good or bad luck depending on how you treat them. From what I’ve read, I think they prefer the sky and sea.”


 


Fen rested her head on one hand fiddled with the thin material of the book. “It seems lonely, to be away the land, from their home,” she said.


 


Leonard simply shrugged, as human a gesture as she had learned. “Maybe the sky and sea are their home.”


 

Fen was shaken from her reverie by the sound of ice crunching and a pained noise from her son. She was by his side in an instant, holding him by the shoulders and checking for any serious injuries. Namor wriggled like an eel against her hold. “I am fine! I was just seeing how fast I could go.”
 
“And how hard you could hit the ice,” Fen added, wiping at his forehead as a small cut healed before her eyes. “You must make sure your senses are as quick as your wings, my son.”
 
“Yes, mother,” Namor was quick to reply. He was already looking toward the sky and bouncing on the balls of his feet.
 
“I believe that is enough adventure for one day. Let us return home.”
 
Namor’s face fell, green eyes pleading. Cleito must truly hate her, to have made her son look so much like his father. “Could we stay just a bit longer? I am not even tired yet.”
 
“We can return tomorrow morning. We will travel further north, if you like.” While Fen typically tried to keep them far away from the human encampments on the Antarctic, she knew the lure of the unknown would convince her son. Namor was not aware of the encampments, but he was convinced that if he flew high enough, he would catch a glimpse of the land continent to the north.
 
Namor nodded, attempting a princely calmness despite still pouting. By now, her son had come to understand the royal hierarchy, knowing he had to listen to Fen not only because she was his mother, but also because she was Princess of the royal blood. Fen suspected that Namor showed deference to Tha-korr less out of familial respect and more so because of the Emperor’s power over their lives. It was an unpleasant reality that Fen tried not to mull over, most days.
 
She lifted Namor onto her back—weighing almost nothing at all to Fen, despite him coming into his adolescence—and secured his arms around her neck. With a final look to the icy landscape, she dove back into the water.
 
Namor 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Fen & Namor the Sub-Mariner

freeform: 
Parenthood
Dysfunctional Family
Memories

fandom: 
Fen & Namor the Sub-Mariner

