Work Text:

Wanda gives you a dangerous look, piercing your soul with her dark onyx eyes. Her eyes shimmer with a thousand sparkles, glittering like starlight in a vast galaxy.


You swallow nervously, but step closer, entranced by her beauty. 
She holds her hand out to stop you.

 “Please, Y/N…I can’t,” she says, her beautiful, soft looking lips twisted in a regretful frown. 

“Why?” you ask. Looking as if every word pains her, she replies. “I’m not good for you, Y/N. Everywhere I go, death and pain always follow. I can’t do that to you.” 
You are already shaking your head, even before she finishes her sentence. “I don’t care. You’re the only one for me,” you say, and step forward, breaking the chalk circle surrounding Wanda.
You place your hands around her waist, being careful not to touch the massive crimson wings on her back. Wanda looks at you, the twisted horns on her skull casting a shadow on your face.

 “I don’t care,” you say again, and press a soft kiss to her lips. She hesitates for a moment, and you almost pull away, but then she kisses you back, her hands resting gently on the small of your back.

You lean away after a few seconds and lean your forehead against hers, closing your eyes in bliss. Wanda tightens her grip around you, pulling you close to her chest.

 You look up at her and smile. She smiles back. “You’re the only one for me, too,” she says, and closes her red wings around you. The wings envelop you in a warm hold, and you sigh in contentment.


Wanda turns quickly in a circle, and you both blink out of your world, leaving behind only a few stray feathers.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader

freeform: 
Female Reader
Demons
Demon/Human Relationships
BAMF Wanda Maximoff
Lesbian Wanda Maximoff
Protective Wanda Maximoff
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
human reader
Demon Summoning (implied)
Wingfic (kind of)
Wanda has wings
Reader does not
Romance
Forbidden Love
POV reader
POV Second Person
I'm Bad At Summaries

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader

