Chapter 1



Notes:
So I've been trying so hard to think of new chapters and find the energy to update all the stories I already have in progress. But, my dumb brain refuses to give me plans for any of those, and instead only gives me ideas for new stories!I can't say this is well written, but I'm tired of trying to perfect it, so here's the first 5 chapters anyway, in all their unrevised gloryFeel free to point out any mistakes




Chapter Text



 "Winter. Wake up, sweetheart. It's morning now. Let me see those beautiful blues." Winter opens his eyes, smiling up at daddy around his pacifier.  "There you are. Are you ready to start the day?" Winter nods. "Good. Let's get you dressed and we'll have some breakfast." Says daddy. "It's Saturday. That means I get to spend all day taking care of my little boy." Daddy goes to the shelves across the room to grab Winter's clothes. He comes back and unlocks the pacifier. It's attached to leather straps that go around his head and lock in the back, so he doesn't lose it, daddy says. Daddy starts helping Winter get undressed.  "You naughty little boy. Look how wet you are! You should know better by now." Daddy says, when he gets Winter's pants down and sees his wet diaper. "Sorry, daddy!"  "Sorry doesn't cut it, mister. You always say sorry, but you continue to misbehave. You can expect a spanking after breakfast." "M' sorry, daddy! I'll be good." "You're never good." Says daddy. Winter stays quiet after that. It's not worth worsening his punishment with backtalk.  Daddy gets him changed and dressed, and leaves to go get breakfast.  He comes back shortly with a tray containing apple slices and peanut butter, and Winter's baby bottle full of milk. After Winter has eaten and drank his milk, he goes over daddy's lap for his spanking. Daddy uses the paddle this time. Sometimes he uses a paddle, sometimes a belt, sometimes his hand. Winter tries to stay good and quiet even though it hurts. He can't cry. That's what bad boys do. "Now, what was that for?" Daddy asks when he's done. "Used my diaper." Winter whimpers, trying to hold back the tears. "Without daddy's permission. That's naughty, isn't it?" "Yes, daddy." "Are you sorry?"  "Yes, daddy." "Will you do it again?" "No, daddy." "Get up." Says daddy. Winter stands and daddy puts his diaper back on and pulls up his pants.  "You know I only hurt you because I love you, darling. You'll never learn to be a good boy if daddy doesn't correct your mistakes, right?" "Yes, daddy." Winter answers, sniffling. "Are those tears I see?" Daddy asks, his tone now harsh and cold. "No, daddy!" Winter says, furiously wiping his eyes. Good boys don't cry. Good boys don't manipulate and guilt their daddies with emotions they don't really have. Daddy stares at him for a moment, but he seems to decide Winter is telling the truth. "Okay. You can go play now."  Winter goes over to the toy box, still sniffling as he opens it and pulls out his shape sorting blocks.  Daddy watches him play for a while before he gets on his phone, reading emails or whatever it is that daddies do. After a while daddy tells him to put his blocks away and eat lunch. Winter eats his food like a good boy, but when he reaches for his sippy cup, it hits him that he needs to go potty. He gets scared, trying to decide what to do. He usually can't tell when he has to go anymore, but when he can, it's when he really has to go. He knows he can't hold it in. He doesn't want to ask so soon after being punished, daddy might be angry. But if he doesn't, he'll have an accident, and daddy will be angry anyway. "Daddy?" Winter asks sheepishly. "I gotta go potty." "No you don't. You just went. You got a spanking for it, remember? You know how I feel about lying, little boy." "But daddy-" "But daddy nothing. Drink your juice." "Please, daddy. I need to go bad." Winter whimpers. "Stop your whining this instant. What did I just say? Drink your juice. You can go after your nap." "Yes, daddy." Winter picks up his cup and starts drinking his juice like daddy told him. He tries to be good, he wants to be good. But he can already feel his pee trickling out even though he's trying his best to hold it in. He's being so naughty. Daddy takes his sippy cup when he's finished, and puts it with his plate back on the tray. "Go lay down." Daddy says. Winter goes to bed and daddy comes to tuck him in. But first, to Winter's horror, daddy pulls out his waistband and puts his hand in his pants to feel his diaper. "You bad disgusting little boy. I told you no!" Daddy growls. "Why do you make it so hard for daddy to love you? Why do you have to be so naughty?" "M' sorry, daddy." Winter whimpers. He hates being a bad boy. He doesn't know why he's so naughty.  Daddy sighs. "Hush, Winter. You're acting out because you're tired. Go to sleep and we'll see to your punishment when you wake up."  "Yes, daddy." Says Winter. "I love you, daddy." "I know you do, snowflake. I wish I could love you, too. It would be much
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
APSHDS Inspired
alexander pierce should have died slower
Creepy Alexander Pierce
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Rape/Non-con
Abuse
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Past Abuse
Age Regression/De-Aging
Diapers
Wetting
Bed-Wetting
Omorashi
Punishment
Non-Sexual Age Play
(eventually) - Freeform
Right now it's sexual with Pierce the Pervert
Forced Infantilism
Hydra (Marvel)
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Evil Alexander Pierce
Spanking
Strapping
Whipping
Beating
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con

fandom: 
None
