Work Text:
“I’m sorry, May. Lost track of time. Can I just crash here tonight? We are still elbow deep in this project.” Peter glanced down at free arm, covered in grease, bits of web fluid, and... was that jelly? Anyway, the term ‘elbow deep’ was proving to be quite literal.Tony snorted seeing the look on Peter’s face when he looked at himself, pouring himself a cup of coffee, and then, on a whim- decided to pour the kid a cup too. He could practically hear Pepper scolding him for being a bad influence, reminding him that he should be encouraging the kid to sleep instead of staying up all night working in the lab like he did. But when inspiration struck, it was difficult to just put the idea to bed. That was something he and Peter definitely had in common. “She said it’s okay!” Peter beamed, setting his phone back on his own workbench before taking the cup of coffee as Tony passed it off to him. The grin slowly shifted into a frown as he stared down at the foreign drink in his hand. It wasn’t like he’d never seen coffee before- he just never had any desire to drink it.Actually, he usually stayed away from caffeine in general out of habit more than anything from being told no so much as a kid. “Having second thoughts? I can see if Happy is still up to...” Tony started, his eyebrows pinched as he watched the kid carefully.”Oh no, definitely not. Let’s get back to work.” Then the grin was back on his face as if it had never left and he quickly sat back down at his station, pouring over the notes they’d been working on for the new suits. He practically downed the coffee in one go- much to Tony’s amusement. It was only about fifteen minutes later, when Peter started to feel... different. Everything on his desk started to shift in and out of focus and he raised his eyebrows, blinking rapidly at the words and numbers. No matter how hard he tried to clear his vision, the letters just seemed to dance on the paper. “Mr. Stark?””Hm?” He acknowledged, barely glancing up from where he was still tinkering with the housing unit for his new nano technology. “What was in that coffee?” There was something in Peter’s voice that fully pulled Tony from his work, and he quickly turned a concerned gaze towards the kid who was still writing absently and staring at his notebook like it grew legs and a couple heads or something. “Umm... some sugar? A little milk?”Peter didn’t answer though, aside from a distracted nod as he stood, his pen clattering to the floor, and made his way around the lab. “Pete, you good?” “Oh yeah, I’m great. Don’t mind me!” Peter waved him off, his arms flapping over dramatically. Tony watched him for a minute longer, but after deciding that he must actually be okay- he probably just wanted to stretch his legs. All he was doing was taking laps around the lab- Tony went back to work.Until - “FRIDAY! Please play Can’t Feel My Face by The Weeknd!” Peter said suddenly, and when Tony looked up again, the kid had at some point taken his shirt off and tied it around his head. Peter was now swaying to the music with an enthusiasm that Tony never thought he’d see, next to Dum-E, who was comically and dangerously trying to sway along with him.”Oh my god. What was in that coffee.” Tony muttered, his eyes wide, and the project now completely forgotten. “Kid, what are you - don’t!” Peter, instead of paying any attention to what Tony was saying, hopped on a stool and went sliding across the room, hopping off just before he crashed into the table at the end of the room as dum-e whirred excitedly. Peter’s hands flew into the air as he spun around and landed on the ground with one knee.“Superhero landing!” Then in a blink he was back on two feet. Tony could barely keep up with him. What the hell was happening to his kid. To the kid. To Peter. Peter, who was running across the lab again, coming to a skidding stop in front of the couch.“Kid, there’s a rule about running,” Stark warned, even as he pulled his phone out and hit record, barely containing a laugh when Peter started to dance again.“Not running, Mr. Stark. I’m dancing.” The kid said, so matter-of-factly that Tony snorted. “Right. Well, I think it’s time I be the responsible adult here, and get you some water.” With that, he stood and crossed the room to get a bottled water from the fridge. He froze, bottle in hand when he heard something clatter to the floor and quiet “oof”. “Peter, I swear -“ he spun around, freezing again when he immediately spotted Peter, crashed on the couch, completely asleep. Any mild annoyance he was feeling completely floated away at the sight of him laying there, fast asleep. If he’s said it once, he’s said it a thousand times, he bit off way more than he could chew when he walked into that tiny Queens apartment to recruit a 14 year old kid to be part of his team. There were lots of things that he regretted about doing that - but how could regret this? “Kid, you’re going to be the death of me one of these days.” He grumbled, replacing the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Exasperated Tony Stark
Drunk Peter Parker
(kind of)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

