Work Text:
Steve adjusted his back so that his spine wasn’t hitting one of the twelve random divots dotting the inside of the jet’s walls anymore. The man in his arms whimpered quietly and Steve made sure not to tighten his grip any more than he already was, but he did pull the heated blanket tighter around the other man’s shoulders. The man didn’t respond other than to press his frozen nose against Steve’s chest.
Steve felt the minute shifting as the jet stabilized and knew that Bucky had set the jet to autopilot which meant he didn’t think they were in any immediate danger. Considering the very reasonable amounts of paranoia that Bucky had, it was reassuring when Bucky deemed them safe for the moment.
Bucky appeared in the doorway of the cockpit and came to stand where Steve had set up camp. He stared at the stranger in Steve’s arms in silence for a few minutes before his steel gray eyes met Steve’s blue eyes.
“Any change?” Bucky asked quietly.
“No,” Steve said, equally quietly. “He hasn’t regained consciousness.”
Bucky didn’t reply. He moved across the narrow aisleway to rummage in the overhead storage and pulled another blanket out before shutting the door with a quiet click. Without another word, Bucky draped the blanket over both the man in Steve’s arms and Steve himself. They had stocked this jet with themselves in mind so everything was sized to match.
“You realize that if we hadn’t chosen Antarctica on a whim, that he’d be dead,” Bucky murmured.
Steve exhaled sharply because he had been avoiding thinking about that.
Steve had been slipping out of New York frequently ever since the reveal of Hydra. At first it was to meet up with Bucky once Bucky had regained enough of himself to trust Steve again, but then it was to help Bucky start picking Hydra bases off the map. Hydra would never not be a threat to them and Steve had made his career out of stomping Hydra into the ground so it wasn’t really a hard decision to make.
Bucky had his own reasons and Steve hadn’t asked after them, though he could make some educated guesses.
Deciding to fly about Antarctica to scan for facilities that shouldn’t be there had been a one-off. They had joked that the only continents without a Hydra presence were Antarctica and Australia. Then they had both remembered at about the same time that the base where Bucky had been kept most of the time had been in Siberia and that Hydra had been very invested in trying to find the Valkyrie first which had crashed near the Arctic tip.
They hadn’t gotten the chance to do their scan because they had been alerted to a single human life-sign down on the ice. They had landed the jet and Steve had gotten far enough from the ramp in time to see a single figure stumble, fall, and not get back up.
Steve had scooped up the stranger and carried him back onto the jet without pause while Bucky had set a course to take them back to the states.
The stranger was a young man, probably about five or so years younger than Steve’s physical age in his mid or early twenties. He had long auburn hair cut to just below his earlobes and Caucasian skin that had probably been tanned, but exposure to the Arctic air had turned him nearly gray with his lips and fingernails blue.
The younger man had been dressed in a type of lightweight armor in knee high steel-toe boots and a floor length coat. The clothes could probably be saved in the future, but they had been frozen to him so Steve had had no choice but to strip the man and try to dry him off before bundling him in a heated blanket and pressing him against Steve himself.
Steve still remembered huddling with Bucky for heat during the winters back in their rickety apartment and the tiny little wood stove that they couldn’t afford to heat most nights, but the serum had made him run hotter than the baseline human by several degrees. It was something that they had discovered had several uses during the war when they had been trekking through those European winters and Steve had joked with Bucky that it was his turn to share the heat.
It was the best he could do for the moment, so he hoped the stranger would forgive him the indignity. Steve would weather any kind of embarrassment if it kept him alive. He had no idea who he was and the only identifying thing about him had been the abundance of scars all over his body that spoke to a hard life, but Steve wouldn’t hesitate to save a life until the other man proved that he was a threat.
The man whimpered again, turning his head, and whispering hoarsely.
Steve recognized a variant of French, distinctly different from the native French that Dernier had taught him during the war, but similar enough that Steve had no trouble translating it.
“Please, don’t leave me. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to. Please, don’t leave.”
Steve froze and forced himself not to react. He swallowed as the man continued to whisper pleas not to be left behind. His fingers curled into Steve’s shirt, the material thin and lightweight that he wore under t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hypothermia
Remy Lebeau Antarctica Arc
because there should be more about this
inadvertent rescue mission
movie-verse and comic-verse colliding
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
the other avengers are mentioned but not present

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

