Chapter 1: Want
    




Chapter Text
“Steven!” You were sprinting towards your friend, heart beating out of your chest. “Steven, stop running!”




 Give Marc the body, Worm! 



Your whole body seemed to be set ablaze when you heard his voice. Khonshu would not leave Steven alone and you were growing angry. You finally reached Steven and pulled him tight into your grasp.


“Steven,” You whispered to him, cupping his face, “Listen-”


“Do you see that?” His eyes peered over your shoulder and you turned. The lights flickered and in between the flashes you saw Khonshu coming towards you.


“I need you to trust me- Okay?” You caught his attention and he looked at you with wide, worried eyes, “Look at me.”


When Steven wouldn’t give you his full attention you turned around and took a step forward. Steven grabbed your wrist and gently tugged away from him. You let out a low growl and put your hand up.


“Khonshu!” You screamed, your voice echoing through the hall. “Leave him alone!”


The lights stopped flickering and suddenly, the large God walking towards you was gone. You sighed and turned towards Steven. His eyes were wide with fear and began pulling him down the hall. Steven followed you, without hesitation, and the silence that was lingering became heavy and awkward.

Steven’s hand was clammy and his breathing was heavy. You reach your flat and open the door. You pull Steven in and quickly shut your door, lokcing it out of habit. You knew Khonshu could just come into your home if he so wished, locks would not stop him.

“How did you do that?” Steven’s voice was barely above a whisper.

“I don’t have too much time to explain, whatever I just did isn’t going to last for long I don’t think…” You were hurrying around your apartment, before finally getting you Steven settled on the couch. “Steven, there is a lot we aren’t telling each other, but I trust you. I trust you to open up when the time is right. But, until then, I may be able to ease your fear, even if just temporarily. Do you trust me?”

Steven swallowed hard, his eyes leaving yours briefly. Once his sights were back on you, he nodded, “I trust you.”

“Okay, I know you haven’t been sleeping well at night, I can help with that. But I need to know you trust me completely. This won’t work unless you do. I don’t want to hurt you-”

“Hurt me?!” Steven was quick to interrupt.

“No- Not you- Look, I know a little more than you’ve told me. You’re tired, I know you’re so tired. I can help you in the morning, but until then, I can help you get rest.”

Steven wanted a good night's rest more than anything. He sighed. “I trust you. Completely. I know you wouldn't hurt me, but I don’t want to hurt you.”

“You won't, I promise. I have you.” Steven immediately relaxed into your touch. “This isn’t going to hurt, at all. But you may feel a little fuzzy. Do you mind if I-” You motioned towards getting closer to him and he nodded. You gently cupped his cheeks and pressed your forehead to his. Your eyes locked onto his and suddenly, he was in a trance. His eyes became heavy and within seconds his eyes were shut and he was asleep.

You lied his back on the couch, letting out a sigh. You inhaled sharply and moved yourself to the floor. You held Steven’s hand tightly, making sure he stayed asleep. You grabbed the TV remote and turned on some cartoon and let your eyelids grow heavy. You trusted that you could keep Steven asleep until morning, even if you slept yourself.

-----~-~-----


 Wake up. 


You jolted awake, your touch briefly leaving Steven, before latching back onto him. The room was covered in darkness, your TV being the only source of light. Out of the corner of your eye you saw him, though.

“Khonshu…” You whispered, your eyes widening. “I will banish you again-”

No you won’t, His voice deep and full of anger. You used up too much power earlier.

Khonshu’s head turned towards Steven and he let out a low growl, causing your stomach to turn. Swallowing hard, your hand grabbed Steven’s a little tighter, for comfort. You may have knocked his ass out, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t be soothing.

What did you do to Marc? Khonshu roared.

It was your turn to growl. “He’s sleeping. Steven and Marc are both sleeping. They deserve it, Khonshu. You wouldn’t know anything about that though, would you?” This caused Khonshu to grow infuriated. You rolled your eyes at the God and laughed, “What are you gonna do? Get Marc to kill me when I wake him up?”


 No, I’m taking care of you myself. 


Khonshu disappeared, but only for a second. He was in front of you, crouching, his beak pointed downwards, his eye sockets at eye level with you. Your breath caught in your throat and your back hit the couch harder than you expected as you tried to back away.

“How do you think Marc will feel when he wakes up, finding his old friend dead by the hands of his God? Hm?”


 I never said I was killing you. 


Suddenly, Khonshu’s staff hit the ground and hands were pulling at your hips. You
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Khonshu (Moon Knight)/Reader

freeform: 
Vaginal Fingering
Finger Sucking
Reader is a mutant
Rating: M
Khonshu is so fucking mmph
i wanna sit on his lap
More warnings to come!
Canon-Typical Violence
mental illness innit
Reader is mentally ill

fandom: 
Khonshu (Moon Knight)/Reader

