Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"You promised that the last blind date would be the last time I helped you out with this..." Natasha protested."I know I did, but I thought it would have been enough for my father to stop," Wanda complained, "I mean, we both did. We scared the shit out of that man, now everyone thinks that I'm some sort of crazy expert at martial arts."Natasha chuckled as she remembered the last time she had filled in for her friend on a blind date. She'd almost broken Brock Rumlow's arm. He was really lucky to have gotten away with only a dislocated shoulder.Who the hell did he think he was to go around touching women inappropriately? Did he actually believe he had a free pass just because he was the director of a big armaments company? That he could just grope women as he willed? The first two times he did it, she dismissed it as an accident. Very convenient accidents, she thought. The third time, however, was enough to send her over the edge and she all but held a knife to this throat and threatened to kill himAnd the thought that he believed he would be able to do that to his friend and not suffer any consequences made her blood boil.He didn't even press charges for the assault, fearing that his sexual harassment would come to light and, you know, "harm his company stocks".Either way, word got around and no one wanted to date the infamous daughter of the Maximoff family anymore. Apparently, that had been enough for a while. Natasha honestly thought it would have lasted a little longer."Who is the guy, this time?" Natasha asked with a sigh, maybe she could help Wanda one last time.“I don’t know his name.” Wanda said and took a sip of her coffee before adding, “I think my father was scared to tell me, thinking I would do something crazy.”“He isn’t that wrong though.” Natasha laughed.“Yeah, I guess.” Her friend chuckled as well.“Look, Wanda, you know I usually help you out with this kind of stuff, but you know I’ve been really busy with work lately. Ever since my laptop broke, I’ve been working overtime at the office.” Natasha looked at her hands. The red nail polish on her nails was chipped, she didn’t even have the time to get a manicure.“Yeah, yeah, I know…” The woman sighed.“Well, now that that’s solved, I have to get back to work.” Natasha reached for her bag, getting ready to leave.“No, wait!” Wanda exclaimed rising from her chair, “I have a proposal for you.”Natasha stopped. She raised one of her eyebrows.“A proposal?” She asked, “and just what might that be, Miss Maximoff? Are you going to ask me to marry you?”“If you help me out just this last time – and I promise this will be the last – I’ll get you a new laptop. Any model you want, I don’t care about the price.” Wanda pleaded, “I know you’ve been working a lot, well, you just said so yourself, with a new laptop you’ll be able to leave work early and work from home.”“This really sounds like you’re trying to pimp me out.”  Natasha laughed.Wanda giggled.“Not really, just think of this as a business proposal. It’s not like I’m asking you to sleep with him or anything like that.” She crossed her arms across her chest with a mischievous smile, “All you have to do is go there and ruin everything, so he never wants a second date. Quick and easy.”“Hm…” Natasha mixed her iced coffee with the straw while thinking. “And you’ll get me a new laptop?”“Yes. And new clothes too, so you can go on the date.” Wanda added.Natasha took a sip from her drink.“Any model laptop?”“Any model.”“Okay, I’ll think it over.” Natasha finally decided. “When is the date?”“It’s in two days.” Wanda smiled. She really had been born to be a lawyer, always getting her way.“Okay, I’ll get back to you with an answer then.” Natasha finished her iced coffee. “I really need to get going now. My lunch break is almost over.”“Thankyouthankyouthanyou!” Wanda exclaimed and practically jumped from her chair so she could hug her friend, almost spilling her own coffee in doing so.“I just said I’ll think about it.” Natasha laughed as the air was squeezed out of her lungs from the bear hug she got.“You’re the best, Nat! I mean it.” Her friend smiled. “Now get going, I know how important this job is to you.”Natasha left the café and crossed the street towards the office. She rubbed her hands together to warm up a little. Maybe an iced coffee hadn’t been the best idea with the rapidly changing weather. Spring was almost ending, and Berlin was getting colder by the day.As she entered the office, she noticed the rest of the team hadn’t come back from lunch yet. Natasha logged into her computer to resume the search for the mistake Peter, the new intern had made, but as soon as she begun, the phone on her desk rang.“Great, just what I needed.” She muttered to herself and picked up the phone with a sigh. “Romanoff here.”“Hi, Natasha, this is Tony. Can you please come up to my office for a second?” It was Tony Stark, the vice-president of Shield Cyber Security, like he needed any introduction.“Yes,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
CEO Steve Rogers
business proposal au
romanogers - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff

