Chapter 1: Harry Osborn- Part 1
    




Chapter Text
It’s a chilly, gray day. Harry is starting to regret this. He definitely should’ve just invited Peter to his house. It would’ve seemed more personal, more  him . But then again, this school playground was him. It was where he and Peter first met. Over to his left, by the bright red slide…   
Harry’s hair was messy. Harry’s hands were covered in dry paint. He knew his father would have a fit, but he didn’t want to think about that. There were more important thoughts in his little five year old mind, like slides. Harry really loved slides.  

 “Hey, d’you mind moving? I… I wanna slide.” There was another boy on the slide. The only problem was, he wasn’t sliding. In fact, he looked slightly terrified. 

“I can’t do it.” It came out in a slight whisper. 

 “Huh?” Harry’s face twisted in confusion. “What are you saying?” 

 “I can’t do it. I can’t slide. I’m too scared.” 

 “Well, if you’re not gonna go, can I go?” Harry really, REALLY wanted to slide, and recess was almost over. 

 “I don’t think I can move.” The other boy looked close to tears now. Harry felt a small bit of sadness, this poor boy couldn’t slide! 

 “Hey, I can slide first and you can see and it won’t be scary!” Harry said, grinning at his own plan. “What’s your name?” 

 “Peter.” Peter’s voice wobbled slightly, but his face looked much happier. 

 “Ok Peter, I’m Harry. So you want me to slide?”  

 “Yes.” 

 Harry helped Peter off the slide, and slid down.  

 “See,” Harry beamed up at Peter. “It’s fun!” 

 Peter looked slightly unsure, but took a deep breath and slid down anyway, eyes shut. When he felt himself stop, he opened his eyes and felt Harry’s arms hugging him. 

 “Yay! You slided!” Harry was jumping excitedly up and down, and Peter felt compelled to join in. “I said you could do it, I said it wasn't scary, it’s fun!” 
 “Harry!” Peter’s voice snapped Harry out of the past. He could see Peter waving to him, getting closer and closer and closer… which meant the moment he had been worried about was here. Time to tell him. Just spit it out. “Peter, hey,” Harry stood, walking over towards his friend. “Ummm, I wanted to talk to you about something.”  Well. That was a horrible opening statement.  Peter’s eyes widened in some weird form of unexpected surprise the way they do. “Oh?”“Yeah… um, geez, why didn’t I write this down. Um, I don’t even know why I’m telling you it’s not like it’s even that important… well, I mean, of course it’s important to me, but uh…” Harry ran a hand through his hair, looking equal parts nervous and thoughtful. “Hey, c’mon, you can tell me. If it’s important to you then it’s important to me. You’re my best friend.” Peter said, putting a hand on Harry’s shoulder. “Shit, ok, here goes. Um, I’m ace.” Harry stared at the ground. He knew if he looked at Peter’s face he would freak out in some way.“Huh?” Peter stared at him blankly. “Um, I’m sure you are…?”Harry’s face fell. “I… OH. Oh, you don’t know that word, I mean asexual. Well, gray ace.”Peter smiled slightly. “Ohhhh, ok. Yeah, I gotcha now. Um, I… I’m sorry, I have no idea what I’m supposed to say…” Peter saw the slight worry on Harry’s face, realized that he had  not answered the way Harry hoped. “Thank you for telling me Harry… I’m sorry I was so…” he waved his hands, “Well… I know that was probably… well, scary? For you to tell me, and I appreciate that you feel comfortable enough to tell me. You’re my best friend, and you always will be, you got that? Aw, c’mere.” Peter pulled Harry into a hug. “Thanks Peter… I- that means a lot…” Harry buried his face in Peter’s shoulder, not letting go until he had to. “Can I ask, what made you decide to tell me now…?” Peter asked.Harry had to think for a while. How could he answer this question without somehow unintentionally hurting Peter? He’d seen it in movies, friend comes out to friend, friend is mad that first friend didn’t tell them sooner. He could just hear Peter’s feelings getting hurt. How was he going to tell Peter that Norman, Peter’s science idol had ridiculed and dismissed Harry when he tried to talk to him about this. Not like Norman had been a great dad anyways. That just gave his father one more reason to prefer Peter to Harry. How  normal  Peter was. A smart, independent,  normal teenage boy…  “What the  hell  are you talking about Harry?” Norman stared at his son in disbelief. 
 “I just… I think that maybe I won’t feel like that about… anyone.” Harry was starting to regret ever talking to his dad about this.  

 “Harry, you’re talking nonsense. What’s put this stuff in your head?” 
 “I- nothing, it’s just… how I feel…” Don’t start crying Harry, don’t start crying Harry.  “Harry!” Norman sighed exasperatedly, rubbing his forehead. “  Why  can’t you be a normal teenager. Not flunking out of schools, or talking about… whatever the hell this is.” Norman waved his wands vaguely at Harry, which caused him to flinch slightly. “Peter never flunks anything, wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Asexual Harry Osborn
Norman Osborn's A+ parenting
Norman Osborn Being a Jerk
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Comfort
graysexual
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
None
