Work Text:
“Leo!” I shouted running into the lab. “Oh Jesus Christ, you scared me,” He said, turning around to face me. “What did you need?” He says putting down whatever he was working on. “I just wanted to see what you were doing” I said sitting on the chair next to him. “Oh well you see-” He started to ramble like he always does when I ask him about what he’s working on. So I just listened and nodded and watched him. He’s cute when he rambles about things he likes. Then I heard my name being called, breaking me out of my trance. I turn around to face the voice. “Yes Skye” I say as she walks over to me. “Coulson’s finally letting us go out, are you coming?” She asked tugging on my arm silently asking for a yes. “Who’s all going?” I said standing up. “Simmons, Ward, Me, Fitz you wanna come too?” She said turning to face him. “I don’t know-” He started but I cut him off. “Oh come on Leo, it’ll be fun” I said, grabbing his arm. “Alright fine” He said as he let me pull him out of the lab. 
   “Where are we going?” I asked as Skye continued to pull Leo and I outside. “To eat, and then to the park” Skye said as we all got in the car. I sat in the middle between Leo and Jemma. Skye and Ward were in the front, Ward driving obviously. I leaned on Leo as we headed off. I must have drifted off to sleep because next thing I know I'm being shaken. Gently but still, “Come on, we’re here” I hear Leo say as I sit up. “Sorry for falling asleep on you” I said slightly embarrassed. “You’re alright” He said getting out but not fast enough for me to miss the light pink on his cheeks. I followed him out and fell into pace with him and Jemma. “Apple bees?” I said looking up at the sign for the restaurant. “Hey ward picked it not me” Skye said, putting her hands up. “You got something against apple bees?” Ward said, looking at me. “No, I love apple bees. My family used to take me and my siblings all the time” I said as Ward and Leo held open the doors.
  I walked through Leo’s open door. “Thank you” I said as I walked to the next set of doors and held one open as Jemma took the other side. “Thank you” Leo said walking in. I stood next to him as Skye gave the woman at the desk our reservation name. We followed her to the table and Ward slid into one side followed by Jemma and Skye leaving Leo and I on the other side. The waitress came and we all ordered. We were talking about normal things till Leo went to the bathroom and Jemma asked “So when are you gonna tell Fitz you love him?” I looked up from my food. “What are you talking about?” I said looking away from the three of them. “Oh come on, don’t act like we don’t know” Ward said, taking a fry off my plate. “Yeah, besides you’re so obvious” Skye said laughing. “I can’t be that obvious if he hasn’t noticed and besides what about you two” I said pointing at Jemma and Skye. “We have been secretly dating for a month,” Jemma said. “I can’t believe you guys didn’t tell me,” I said, faking offense. “You didn’t tell us you are in love with Leo” Skye said, “Shh he is coming back” She said grabbing her drink. 
  I moved out of the way so Leo could sit back down. “Are you guys ready to leave yet? I need some fresh air” I said, sipping my drink. “Yeah just as soon as the waitress comes back” Skye said, as the waitress walked over. “Are you guys ready for the check?” She said coming to stand next to the table. “Yes, thank you,” Skye said. “Alright, I will be right back” She said walking off. “What park are we going to?” Leo asked as we left. “I don’t remember what it’s called but it’s just down the street” She said as we all got back into the car. We got to the park and saw there was an ice cream truck parked right next to it. We all went up and ordered but they said Skye’s, Jemma’s and Ward’s would take a few minutes. “Do you guys want us to wait for you?” I said taking mine from the man. “Thank you” I said before turning back to the group. “No, you and Fitz go ahead,” Ward said. “Alright” Leo said, grabbing my hand and leading us down the path. We walked hand in hand for about ten minutes before we realized they were no longer behind us. “Where’d they go?” I asked Leo. “I don’t know, let’s just keep walking,” He said, continuing to walk.
  We walked for a few more minutes before we passed an older couple. “You guys are such a cute couple” The woman said as we passed. “Oh thank you” Leo said as we continued walking. “Leo?” I said after a few seconds. “Yes?” He turned slightly to face me. “We’re not a couple” I said laughing at how casual he was being. “Do you want to change that?” He said pulling me to a bench. “I love you, I have for a while actually, will you be my girlfriend?” He said taking my hands in his. “I love you too, and yes, I was starting to think you didn’t like me” I said, squeezing his hands. “Now that’s just silly” He said laughing. He stopped and then just sat there looking at me. “Can I kiss you?” He asked quietly. I nodded and then leaned in. It was a good kiss, it’s not
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Leo Fitz/Reader
Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
Leo Fitz/Reader
Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson

