Chapter 1





Chapter Text
1Bucky helped Steve up in the corner of the park. It smelt of urine and it was damp. It was a hot day.“Thanks,” Steve said.“How about staying out of trouble, hm?” Bucky replied. “How about not getting beat every five minutes.”“I have to stand up for what is right,” Steve said as part of the all too familiar conversation.Steve had this character that he stuck to. It was strange to say character, because it really was him as well. It was like it was all he had. He had to be a gentleman, he had to be old fashioned (he had the temperament of a father or grandad rather than a young man) and he had to stand up for ‘what was right’, which often meant telling teens not to cuss or chew gum – thus resulting in routinely being assaulted. Conversely, Steve was not a big strong guy. He was short, he was gaunt, each rib was as defined as his spine. He was pale, hell, he was ugly. He wore the smart haircut of the time with pride, and always, a loose grey suit.“Is there a part of you that likes being beat up? Do you think you deserve it or something?”There was a little betrayal in Steve’s eyes. “No. I just have to-”“-Stand up for what is right. Got it. Right, well I’m starving. Wanna get a hotdog?”“Yeah.”2Bucky was tall, strapping, handsome. Why were they friends again? All the dames loved him. Maybe they didn’t notice everything that Steve did – like the beautiful curve of his lip, or the exquisiteness of genuine emotion on his face, when he scrunched up his nose…but they certainly saw the square jaw, dark hair and piercing blue eyes like cut jewels. He didn’t have any trouble getting dates, unlike Steve. Hell, he was seeing a different lady every week. Steve didn’t mind, obviously. Every week they would go dancing in the smoky bars, jazz and brown liquor everywhere. One woman would be glued to Bucky, her red lipstick perfect and her curls quaffed and static, while another sat coldly, a polite enough distance from Steve, silent after the proper amount of polite conversation. Why didn’t Bucky ever stay with one of these dames? Steve would have. Steve would do right by a woman.Steve had never…been intimate with a woman. Or with anyone. He didn’t mind at all. Well, not really. He figured it would happen when it would happen. Or if, he was starting to think. He was very shy and nervous when it came to his body. He didn’t like looking at himself in a mirror, only ever doing it long enough to wash.Bucky had a small apartment in Brooklyn that didn’t let in much light, and Steve found it unbelievably cosy. It was like heaven to him. He had been crashing there for a while. It was morning and Steve was washing his face in his white vest and pants when Bucky brushed past him to take a piss. Steve jumped way more than he should have and blushed. He refused to look in Bucky’s direction. Bucky always seemed to do this, and it was something that was acknowledged between the two of them but never, ever, on pain of death spoken of; the fact that in private Bucky would  breeze past him like this and give him ghostly touches, or embrace him, no more than you would a brother mind, or make some brief contact with Steve’s hand. Steve didn’t know what to make of it other than the fact that he deliberately didn’t think of it, and didn’t think about how much he enjoyed it. “We still on for tonight?” Bucky said, as he tucked himself back in his trousers. Steve had seen Bucky’s manhood before out of the corner of his eye and it had been thick, almost too thick, and big, although it was more notable in thickness than in length, and hairy, not that Steve had ever, ever looked-“Steve?”“Yes! Yeah I uh, we’re meeting that dame, Peggy is it?”Bucky smiled his beautiful, lopsided smile. “And a friend. We’re going dancing.”3It was nice for Steve to be out. These double dates were just about all the excursion he got apart from his lonesome contemplative walks, and they made him feel normal. If he didn’t know Bucky, would he just spiral off the surface of the planet?The beer in Steve’s belly was comforting. He watched Bucky chat to Peggy at the bar with a cheeky smile and things were as they should be. He had chatted a bit to her friend, Pamela, but Pamela had gone cold now, and honestly he had just been waiting until she had, and now she was looking around the heaving bar of soldiers, scouting for another man she probably wouldn’t find.“So where to from here?” Peggy sighed at Bucky. He really was cocky, but goodness was he charming.“Well darlin’ I would love to meet again,” Bucky drawled. His soldier’s hat was a little big for his head. “But I got exercise tomorrow. Next week?”Peggy did not show anything on her face. She knew a blowoff when she experienced one. “Maybe,” she shrugged, and with that went and powdered her nose.Bucky did not have exercise the next day. Bucky was quite drunk, having had several whiskies for each one of Steve’s beers. Bucky was already a little disturbed from the action that he had seen out on the field,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

