Work Text:
Like almost everyone nowadays, Wanda had to get used to the new normal of wearing a mask whenever she was outside. She had them in various colours and styles, also one to pair with each of her most worn outfits. However, one accessory that had recently become a part of her outdoor outfits, was her neon pink ball bag. Since coming to the US, Wanda had slowly but surely fallen for all things bondage. She loved the way it looked, her lips framing the shiny gag in her mouth. It made her feel vulnerable and even submissive, a feeling she never thought she would experience. Walking around in public, gaged behind her mask, was something Wanda enjoyed immensely. Going for longer walks each time she tried it, just to push herself, though only when she went out alone. Despite the growing confidence that Wanda had found within herself, she was still petrified of being found out, whether that was by an Avenger or a member of the public. Wanda didn't know what would be worse, but regardless being too bold with it wasn't worse than the risk.The actual purchase of the gag had occurred just a few weeks or so prior, Wanda had been aimless scrolling through her phone, courtesy of SHIELD when Tony Stark had ‘requested her presence’ as FRIDAY had put it. Assuming she was about to be reprimanded for something, a slip in her training performance perhaps, thankfully he had handed her a credit card. A card allowing Wanda spending freedom, again funded through SHIELD and government grants to the Avengers programme. “We've all been given one, don't go too crazy.” He had joked.“Says the billionaire.” She retorted back, in good faith.“Do as I say, not as I do.” After that, as she took the elevator back up to her room, Wanda wondered what she should treat herself to. HYDRA had never given her any freedoms, never mind with money, they were loyal soldiers not paid ones. It was as she unlocked her room, that her mind arrived at something. Her own gag, like the one she’d seen in videos, pictures and the online forums she had joined. It was a small enough item that Wanda could easily hide, but also fairly cheap enough that Wanda wouldn't feel bad buying it with SHIELD’s money.On the fifth week of owning and wearing the gag in public, Wanda had started her day off with some breakfast in the common room, dressed in a pair of pale blue, ripped jeans and a grey V-neck tee, when Natasha confidently walked into the room.“Oh Wanda, perfect, would you mind picking up my new Widow Bites. They're just at the SHIELD HQ, I’d prefer to go myself but I'm swamped with paperwork and I want them for training tomorrow. Can I trust you?”“Of course, Natasha. I was meaning to go for a walk anyway today.”“Great, thanks, Wanda. I’ll let them know to expect you.” “Well, at least this will be a good way of proving myself to Nat, maybe even go some way to winning back her trust.” Wanda thought as she made her back to her room.Opening her nightstand drawer for her pass and dark grey mask, Wanda touched her gag pushed right at the back.
 “I could wear… No, I can’t I'd be going inside a SHIELD building if someone were to see it would… But then how would anyone know. Ah fuck it, I’ll wear it. 
Pulling it out, Wanda unbuckled the strap and positioned the ball between her lips, the pleasing smell of rubber hitting her nose, and as she passed the straps behind her head and under her hair, the telekinetic revelled in the feeling of the leather straps against her skin. Covering it up with the mask, Wanda checked herself in the mirror before locking her door and taking the elevator down to reception.She passed through reception without a hitch, simply nodding to security at the doors before stepping out onto the streets of New York. The walk to the HQ was only a block or so, and Wanda soon found herself at the doors of the building. As she walked up to the security barrier, the Scarlett Witch suddenly realised that she would have to give her name and reason for being there. That would give the game away since she obviously couldn’t speak with a gag in, it wasn't big by any means but still near-on impossible to form words behind. Thankfully, she was recognised and all the guard did was nod as he waved her through. Better still, it looked as if someone was waiting for her at reception. “Follow me please Ms Maximoff.”Wanda nodded and followed the women through some double doors, and into a waiting area.“Wait here, please.” The assident said, before quickly disappearing.Sitting down, Wanda relaxed,  “That could’ve been really bad, I got very lucky.” As Wanda sat and waited, her mind wandered further along the thought train, what if she’d been found out by the security guard. Would he take her to a back room to be questioned further, maybe he would go further, bend her over his desk and fuck her from behind. “ Oh god, that would be so fucking hot. Being punished for being a naughty girl, by a stranger.” “Ms Maximoff?”Wanda’s head shot up, pulling herself abruptly from he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Solo!Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Gags
Masturbation
Ball Gag Under Mask

fandom: 
Solo!Wanda Maximoff

