Work Text:
“You have a problem,” said Sam, a third-grade teacher.“No I don’t,” Bucky protested.“A  Steve Rogers  problem,” he clarified.“Nothing is going on between Steve and me.”“That’s the problem,” Natasha, a fifth-grade teacher, cut in.“We work together and I occasionally see him when my kids have art that day. That’s it.”“You’re pining and it’s painfully obvious,” Sam pointed out, sipping at his styrofoam cup of half-ass coffee. He forgot to bring his own that morning and complained about it for a good half hour before they settled on Bucky’s love life. Or lack of one, to be more specific.“Good morning, everyone,” Steve, the art teacher and man in question, announced as he stepped into the teacher’s lounge. He was dressed in the light blue button-down that drove Bucky crazy and had various paint stains on his hands and thin wrists, as was a normal occurrence for him. “Buck, you all right?”Natasha nudged Bucky with her elbow and he shut his mouth with a sharp click. “Yeah, I’m good, I’m good. Just a little tired, you know. Time change. Jet lag. You know how it is.”“Mercury out of retrograde,” Natasha added.Bucky shook his head but went with it anyway. “Sure, that too.”“If you ever need anything you can always tell me.” Steve grabbed an overripe banana from the fruit basket by the kitchen sink. “See you in art.” And just like that, he was gone.Bucky dropped his head on the table and slowly banged against it. “Why does he reduce me to a puddle of goo? I’ve never been this bad with someone, not even in high school. Hell, I was a  stud.”“If you have to say that you were a ‘stud’ then you probably weren’t one,” said Sam.Bucky grumbled to himself before sighing in defeat. “I’m screwed, aren’t I?”“Royally,” Natasha and Sam agreed.Peter Parker, a wiggly seven-year-old with an odd obsession with spiders (who also had cartoon pictures of them on his shirts and backpack) raised his hand. Bucky knew what he was going to ask since he asked it every day, but he relented anyway. “Yes, Peter?”“Can I be the line leader? Please?” He continued to wave his hand in the air. “I’ll be very good. No talking or anything.”“Any other volunteers?” Bucky asked the room, but no one stepped up. “All right, you can lead the way to art.”“Yes,” Peter exclaimed, already pushing himself out of his seat and heading for the front of the room.“Finish up what you’re working on and then we can go to art. We still have a few minutes,” Bucky reminded him.“Oh, right, I knew that,” Peter jogged back to his seat and scribbled chicken scratch on his Language Arts worksheet. “Psssttt, Ned. Ned, Ned, Ned.”“What?” Ned, Peter’s best friend for all of two months asked.“How do you spell ‘black widow?’” Ned scrunched up his face in concentration and thought long and hard about it. “Uh, b-l-a-c-k  w-i-d-d-o-h.”“Thank you!” Peter wrote that down in a hurry.“Actually, it’s w-i-d-o-w,” Bucky corrected. “But that was close.”After the class finished their worksheets, Peter got everyone to line up straight with their hands tucked at their sides. He shushed Kate and America who were talking about having a sleepover that weekend and charged back to the front of the line.The whole thing reminded Bucky of his time in the military when his CO was  very  particular about lines and marches—even more so than most. Well, good thing he was only in the Army to pay for college and got out as soon as he could anyway. Natasha’s husband, Clint, another ex-military man, knew that Bucky was always the talkative type. (Probably why he made such a good teacher, Bucky thought smugly.)Bucky took his place at the back of the line, making sure every kid got to the art room in one piece. Of course, that was when Natasha passed by with a take-out lunch bag in her arms. Knowing her, it was probably mostly crinkle fries and ketchup packets.“It’s now or never, Barnes,” she called out in a sing-song voice.“I’m working!” Bucky protested in a loud whisper.“Do you  want  to be lonely during the holidays?”He paused, thinking of how his mother tried to set him up at her annual Hanukkah party last year. The guy ended up bashing on Bucky’s profession and left early with nearly all of the gelt shoved down his pants, the bastard. “No.”“Then get a move on already. I’m looking out for my friend here, making sure he doesn’t die surrounded by cats like my babushka.““What’s so bad about that?”She sighed. “I’m a matchmaker by trade, Barnes. Can’t help it.”“Because that worked so well the last time.”“How was I supposed to know that the guy was a tool?”“I wish Wanda wasn’t on maternity leave right now; she would back me up here.”“No, she’d want you to be happy,” Natasha argued. “Now go catch up with your kids. I think Pete just bit someone’s head off for taking a step out of line.”Bucky called out, “Peter, it’s fine!”Peter ignored him and continued to dutifully usher everyone inside. Bucky caught up with his class and clambered inside the colorful art room. Finger paintings lined the walls as a tray of clay f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Elementary School
Art teacher Steve Rogers
Teacher Bucky Barnes
Everyone Is A Teacher Let’s Be Real
secret bets
Mutual Pining
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

