Work Text:
Propped up in her hospital bed, Glenda glanced between her companions. First to Peter, the teen sat at the foot of the bed. His troubled expression prompted her to offer another smile, it had a slight effect in improving his mood. A temporary lift that was all too short lived. He returned to a furrowed concern. Across the room, Jackson lounged by the window, the worn heels of his boots resting against the sill. Arms loosely crossed over his chest as he reclined and cast a long gaze to nothing in particular. Outside, the passage of time marked by the sky’s faint darkening was of little concern to the trio.
The Robinson family how had a unique character to it, despite only knowing some of the residents and even then to only a certain degree. It hadn’t been for lack of trying or engagement, rather Peter couldn’t fully learn his hosts just from spending time with them. Some things would be revealed only in specific circumstances. He was more then content with the way their relationship had been developing. 

With his engagement among the sisters complicated by distance, he did appreciate their efforts also. Jessica seeming to be the most enthused about informing him of the latest goings on ‘Up Country’ as she referred to New York. He enjoyed her presentation style, in both her phone calls and the distinctive emails she’d send. Though he’d ventured with revealing more to her parents. Given his and Jessica’s respective locations, both away from home. He couldn’t fully commit to attempting the same approach with her. Or any of the others. 

When alone Peter tended to find himself working through thoughts. Sometime he would enjoy returning, perhaps at the holidays the various range he had to choose from and with Glenda’s expressed intrigue of connecting closer with their unconventionally shared background. The rising excitement had to be curbed, when it became too prominent. On occasions where Peter was so assured that it’d be as easy as booking a flight and dropping by. 

Much as he’d enjoy surprising the Robinsons, Spider-Man had to be a constant. Beyond preserving his and loved ones safety, the lone Avenger who still possessed a secret identity, he considered it for very good reason. Once wouldn’t do, he wanted to spend time with his new friends, to really appreciate their company. That would be exactly what lead to the consequences he feared. Brushing off anything as ‘incidental’ was a risk, to ignore entire patterns was wilful.

Yet his mind was undeterred, a small part of him entertained ludicrous scenarios, where Tony could create a functioning automaton to arrive whenever Peter wanted to step away. The depth of lies and construction needed to form the cover story for it to ‘succeed’ was so grand, even in his fantasy it struck a fatal flaw every time. Resigned to the inevitability that his imagination couldn’t even save him, the failed respite from reality was a frustration but not sufficient to make him resentful, he couldn’t allow himself to be.

A part of him was a little envious of Mason. The other man was away on an excursion with friends of his, Glenda had been more than encouraging, her husband’s slight wavering in his acceptance had been overcome by her insistence. Peter’s subtle envy that the choice was so available that he could push it off and still be given the opportunity was something he pushed back against. He and Mason’s lives were so very different, it didn’t compare, it couldn’t. A man who’d lived a lifetime more compared to Peter. But still he had responsibilities of his own that few others could understand, less could relate to and solely upon him was fulfilling them. 

Keeping his loved ones safe. Again the thought surfaced, emerging as something grander then a reminder. It was a looming, demanding recurrence. It grounded him.

Peter didn’t find himself grappling with his conscience when the thundering knock roused him. Jolting in his seat on the couch, the muted television set continued to play. The laptop on the coffee table seemed like it should have rattled, the shock-wave of the ‘greeting’ reverberating. Leaping to his feet and bounding across the room, Peter realized he’d not announced himself when he was halfway.

 

The unfamiliar man filled the doorway yet seemed in no great haste despite his loud announcement. His drawling accent similarly suggested a laid back quality that sharply differed from Peter’s state. “Peter. Let’s go, man.” Stammering through a response, that the recognition wasn’t mutual only added to his wariness. “I’m sorry, what do you mean?” A thrust of his hand, Jackson responded bluntly. “Don’t be.” Peter hesitantly stepped back, in turn the other man relented with a gentler tone. “Look, Glenda had a fall at work-” 

Before he’d fully said it, Peter recoiled. An immediate reaction that he partially wished he could rescind, not wanting to appear so easily frightened, that a little unpleasant news could rattle him. Jackson seemed unmoved by Peter’s emot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)

