Work Text:

Loki and Mobius laid in bed together, panting for breath and attempting to avoid patches of wetness- sweat or pleasure- among the sheets. Mobius felt satisfied yet still energized. 
 
Not a moment later, Loki climbed back on top for more. Mobius grinned, toying with the god’s long hair. Loki enticed Mobius into stiffness again, kissing his chest and rubbing against him. They shot him longing, tempting gazes with their face low to his chest and their perky ass up in the air. Their hips swayed contentedly as they kissed down to his belly button.
 
"You look like a bunny," said Mobius, as Loki’s hair slid from his fingers in their descent.
 
They sat up, looking almost offended at first, but then merely curious. Loki stroked playful fingers along Mobius' chest. 
 
"Well, certainly no one's ever compared me to a rabbit before. Wolves, yes. Snakes, yes. But not-" he paused, dramatically. "Bunnies."
 
"Not even for your fucking habits?" Mobius quipped, making Loki snicker. 
 
"No, not even then," Loki sighed.
 
Mobius squeezed Loki’s hip. Loki squirmed atop him, brushing them together teasingly.
 
"You wanna be my bunny?" Mobius asked, surprising himself with his brazenness.
 
Loki smirked even as he shivered at the deep, sensual tone of Mobius' voice. Loki didn't ask Mobius what he meant by that; he simply let his mind wander.
 
What he came up with involved a corset, crotchless panties, a garter belt with thigh-high stockings, and a pair of stilettos. But it was the tall ears and fluffy tail that did Mobius in, even before he noticed the collar with a slender chain hanging from it. Mobius reached for it instinctively, but paused to look at Loki’s eyes for reassurance.
 
“It’s for you, you know!” Loki laughed. He set the chain in Mobius’ hand. At the end of it was a small metal tag stamped with the words “Mobius’ Bunny.”
 
“Loki-” he gasped as Loki teased their teeth against his nipple.
 
“What are you gonna do with your bunny?” Loki asked playfully, gazing up at Mobius.
 
Mobius felt a thrill shoot through his body, from the blush on his cheeks to the root of his sex. Something inside him seemed to flip. 
 
“Show off for me a little, baby,” he commanded playfully.
 
Loki beamed. They’re very good at showing off. They jumped off the bed and Mobius moved to sit at the foot to better watch them. 
 
Loki struck a few poses, eyes hanging on Mobius’ face, watching his expression. As Mobius began to lick his lips, and his stare deepened with lust, Loki’s movements became slow and sensual.
 
Mobius liked Loki’s ass framed in lace, bushy little bunny tail swaying with their movements. His hands kept reaching for them, and finally they moved close enough to let him touch them. Mobius planted a kiss on the exposed skin between the corset and panties. Then Loki turned their back to him.
 
They teased him by straddling his knees and bending over. His hands slid up their thighs, brushing over the clasps of the garter belt. His hands met on their ass, caressing the muscles and sliding a finger teasingly between the cheeks. He toyed with the fluffy tail attached to the garter belt. 
 
Mobius shoved his face into Loki’s taint, smelling their arousal. He brushed a knuckle against their wet cleft and his tongue teased their rim. Loki moaned his name.
 
"Baby," Mobius crooned, "give me something cute to put in your ass."
 
Loki chuckled, wiggling his hips again. He summoned a glass plug with a base sculpted like rose petals. 
 
"Yes." Mobius grinned as he watched Loki suck on the toy, preparing it for themself.
 
They handed it to Mobius, who teased the tapered length across their yoni to slick it even more before he eased it into them. Loki whined and purred as it entered him and its bulb lodged securely inside. 
 
Mobius continued to play with them in the bent-over position, one hand stroking their length while he quenched his thirst with their juice. He spanked their ass and rubbed a thumb firmly in the center of the rose. 
 
His tongue stroked from the base of their dick, across their labia, and dipped inside their shallow hole before he suctioned his lips around their taint, directly under the plug. When he pulled away, he grinned.
 
"My bunny tastes so sweet," he told them. He drank from their hole and then suckled their head. 
 
Mobius devoured them thoroughly, but Loki's fluids covered his hands simply for being anywhere close. Juice dripped down Loki’s thighs, gathering at the hem of their stockings. Loki palmed the back of their knees, bending low enough that their dripping juices stained their silky pink corset.
 
Loki pushed back against him hungrily. "I'm so wet. Let me fuck you, come on," Loki whined. 
 
Mobius leaned back. "You wanna get in my lap?"
 
"Yes!" 
 
Loki instantly moved to drop their ass on his thighs but he caught their hips and stood. He turned and redirected them onto the bed. 
 
"First let's take care of this-" Mobius caught Loki's hips and pulled them back toward him as they crawled towar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

freeform: 
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Anal Sex
Food Kink
Lingerie
Dirty Talk
Pet Names
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Top Mobius M. Mobius
Spanking
Light Bondage
Collars
Cupcakes
Condoms
Object Insertion
Butt Plugs
Sex Toys
Come Eating
Oral Sex
Rimming

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius

