Work Text:
The girl across from him was pretty. Every girl he sat across from was pretty. Michael picked up his coffee, taking a sip as the girl prattled on about.. something. He only was half paying attention. He only ever half paid attention. He had other things to think about.Chiefly, he was thinking about the sounds this one would make when he killed her. How would she look? How she'd fight back. How much pleasure he would get when she finally stopped moving. Stopped fighting. Stopped breathing.The thought sent a thrill down his spine.She wasn't the first. She wouldn't be the last. The police had already given him a name from the last five women he'd left scattered around the city: the SanFran Ripper. Hardly original, but it made him grin seeing it, hearing about himself in the news. "So," her voice broke through,and Micheal pulled his attention back to her. "What about you?" She smiled wide, open and eager. "What do you do for a living?""Mostly work at home," he told her, setting his cup down. "Write articles.""Oh! So you're a journalist?" She asked, picking up her own cup, taking a sip from it. "What do you write on?""Nothing that I think is appropriate for public discussion." Michael smiled, "more of the, darker things that go on around the city. Let's leave it at that." The woman nodded, accepting the answer. The conversation changed. The woman was eager to fill the silence. What was her name, anyway? Amy? Amanda? Something with an A, he was certain.As she spoke, though, Micheal felt a prickling sensation that someone was watching him. He blinked, shifting his gaze to just over Anna's shoulder. He saw a man sitting a few tables away by himself. A laptop was in front of him. He looked like he was relaxing, gazing off. Every so often his mouth moved, and Micheal saw a black cord being fidgeted with, and assumed he was talking with someone. He probably wasn't aware he was looking. Micheal watched the man blink, and turn his head back to his laptop, confirming the assumption.Micheal returned his gaze to Allison, who was talking about her sister's wedding that she was supposed to be in next month. Shame that she'd miss that. Ava. That was her name. He only knew because she took a phone call, and whoever was on the other end could be heard happily saying her name.Ava had her arms wrapped around Micheal’s as the two walked, having exited the coffeehouse. It was well after noon, now, and he just had to wait until it was dark. He tucked his other hand into his pocket, glancing over as Ava laughed, her own hand fluttering around as she talked. She was a very chatty one. Too chatty. She was getting on his nerves.“I hope you don't mind that I didn't tell my friend." Ava said, blushing, "They don't know I'm still dating. They think I already have a boyfriend." Michael smiled, laughing, "I take it you said you had a plus one for the wedding?" He asked, watching as Ava blushed more, and nodded."I'm hoping I can find someone to hang around long enough to take with." She looked over, her smile softening, "Maybe I found him?"Micheal removed his arm from Ava's, and wrapped it around her shoulders, causing her breath to hitch. "Maybe." He agreed, allowing her to lean against him.Once more, Ava began to talk, her hands free to move and flit around in front of her as they walked, and he let his mind wander once more.  The two found themselves dipping into a local chocolate shop. Ava looked through the shelves, pointing out her favorites, asking Micheal what his preferences were.“I don’t eat chocolate much,” he admitted, eying a row of dark chocolate. “I never had a sweet tooth, I guess.” he picked up a package, seeing it was raspberry filled. The chocolate on the cover split open, the dark red filling pouring out onto a white tablecloth, staining it. He put it back on the shelf.“I suppose nobody is perfect,” Ava teased, laughing as she picked up a package. Somewhere behind him, he heard a quiet voice. “Not yet, love.” Micheal ignored it. It wasn’t like they were the only people shopping today. As he and Ava walked through the shelves, he caught sight of someone. He recognised it as the man from the coffee shop. A thin cord wrapped around his neck, and was holding a small stack of chocolate. Micheal saw the raspberry filled chocolate on top. He narrowed his eyes, though the man didn’t seem to be looking at him, speaking to whoever was on the other end of his call. “We don’t need anymore, babe.” he said, affection filling his words. He paused, listening to the response, and sighed, “Look, we’ll get something nice and stay in tomorrow. Just you and me. We’ll watch whatever movie you want.” He laughed in the lull of conversation. “Yes, whatever you want.” Micheal drew his attention away, following Ava as she made her purchase and the two left the shop. Micheal glanced towards the sky, seeing the sun sinking lower, though they must have had at least another hour of proper light.  Ava seemed to notice, and she frowned. “I can’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
POV Original Character
Attempted Murder
Original Character Death(s)
Cannibalism
I'm Bad At Tagging
I'm Bad At Summaries
i'm trying guys

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

