Chapter 1: Super Rich Kids
    




Chapter Text
His head is pounding, the three little white pills taking their time to disperse throughout his body. He thinks he might have slept last night, but he can't exactly remember; only sure he spent the night toeing the line between euphoria and a blackness inexplicably different to the restful kind. Cold water splashes in his face as he tries in vain to wake himself up- the weekend is over, now his real performance starts. Anthony Edward Stark is scrubbing fruitlessly at his tortured face in the bathroom. Tony Stark needs to walk out the door. The world is spinning slightly, but he stabilises it well enough on his own. He's played this role countless times, rehearsing and repeating day in and out. All he needs is his backpack, he packed it Friday night in anticipation for Anthony's return home. Now that Tony's back, he can take control, hand in his assignments and homework. Perform, perform, perform. Keep his grades up, keep his reputation. Don't break character; talk is cheap, and it moves quickly. Translucent sunglasses slide onto to a subtly crooked nose, brushing through gelled brown hair. Tony is yet to decide whether or not he hates the gel, but Howard's been pushing it. It's professional, apparently. Sleek. It could be worse, he supposes. It's easy, it's not horrible. Though it does make the ends of his hair curl awkwardly. Thinking quickly, he slips the tub into his bag, along with the sticky comb he would usually rest atop the lid. The costuming is just as important as the acting. Slipping on a ludicrously expensive silver watch, the hands slip to announce the curtain call.Just before the ostentatious foyer, Jarvis stands waiting with a fresh cup of coffee in hand, as usual."Good morning, sir." Tony goes to grab the cup but is met with a standard resistance from the butler.Tony grins good-naturedly, he knows this game well, fully aware of the caring place it comes from. "Morning, J. Can I have my coffee, please? Pretty please, even?" He's sure Jarvis can see his eyebrows wiggle even behind the useless, decorative sunglasses he wears. His faux-father grins warmly, a glimpse of the kind of truth Tony is desperately deficient in. "Might I persuade you to take some actual food with you this morning, sir? I believe there should be some protein bars at the very least." The request is nothing new, the exchange one of the Stark household's few rituals Tony actually enjoys. "Tempting, J, but I'm afraid I'll have to decline today. Besides, coffee counts as food; it's made from beans. And beans are one of the five food groups. You wouldn't want me to be deprived of vital nutrients, would you?" Though it's only a joke, Tony can almost see the wince his statement invokes. He grins wider, trying to brush it off, but can't help the tinge of guilt that floods to his cheeks. Yet another disappointed patriarch.  It shouldn't hurt him anymore. He should know his lines off by heart, should have them down to a 'T'.The only class he's never hacked. In the car, the air conditioning is blasting at Tony's insistence. He could always stop wearing long sleeves when the sun glistens with a vengeance, but then again, he couldn't. He has to stay on script. The driver doesn't say a word, obeying only the stage instructions. He hasn't been given any lines. But it's fine, Tony doesn't have any either. Instead, he's busy rehearsing the next scene, touching up his costume. There's a topic test in chemistry, which shouldn't be too bad, and he's got lab today as well. And his robotics project coming up. Which is fine, because he's started. He's on top of it. He's fine, he's fine, he's fine. He knows his lines. Knows the staging. He's going to walk through the doors and ace it. He's going to ace it, because he has to.His grin is glued on, confidence flooding through him as the pills finally kick in. Anthony Edward Stark is safely tucked away at home. Tony Stark is walking towards the school gates and his crowd of adoring fans.Well, adoring should Howard be asking. If it was anyone from the Academy talking, however, the reviews would be mixed to say the least. It was truthful to at least say that Tony was popular, though only in the most fleeting of senses. Throw enough money, sex and booze at people and they tend to stick around without a whole lot of fuss. Given Howard's tendency to disappear for business at the drop of a hat, and Maria's tendency to follow blindly, the Stark mansion had seen its fair share of less than formal parties. Tony was eternally grateful for his easy charm; it meant that hushing the household staff was a simple matter of a few misplaced bills and a smile. He didn't want to admit that there might be other factors at play in their decision to remain silent about the copious levels on hedonism they'd watched Tony exhibit over the years, didn't want to admit it might not be the money, but some twisted sense of pity or protectiveness buying their silence instead. No, Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting (Marvel)
Teen Romance
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Human
Everyone Needs A Hug
Everyone Has Issues
Child Abuse
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Unhealthy Relationships
Self-Indulgent
Tags May Change

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

