Work Text:
"Is that a challenge?" Otto growled, barely lifting his eyes from his drink. As you two sat on the couch, his mechanical  arms began to whir. Leaning over to him, you chuckle. "I'm just offering, dear; you've treated me so well, don't you want to let go a little bit, doctor?" There was a deafening silence as your confidence faded; had you made him angry? Otto sighed and smiled mischievously at you. "I like things better when I make you squirm, when I hear your lovely moans, when I make you cum. Are you telling me you'd like to do that to me?" 
In that moment, you felt two feet tall. 
you knew then that it would be hard to break the scientist's 'bad' habits. Otto's smooth voice cut through your thoughts.
"I'll take you up on your offer, (y/n), but I'm a little inexperienced." He pushed you closer to him with one of his aculators. "Would you like to walk me through it?" As he rapidly advanced the situation, you decided to suspend it, so Otto to preserve all of his energy for when you were better prepared. You got off the couch and told him to wait until it was time for bed and try your best to exit the room, leaving Otto hot and bothered. Later that night, you read a book in bed, and as Otto walked into the room, he inquired about your offer. "Oh, looks like you're chickening out."
He moves one of his mechanical hands to grab the blanket from the bed, but just as he's about to get in, you move closer to him, until your chests are inches apart. Otto looked straight at you, eyebrows furrowed, deep in thought, trying to figure out your next move. Quickly, you slam your mouth into the scientists, while reaching behind him and into the nightstand for a new bottle of lube.Otto notices your scheme and grips the wrist with one of his actuators. "You sly dog." "Deactivate them."Otto rolled his eyes, laid his extra limbs on the bed, and cautiously shut off his mechanical spine, all while you kept a close eye on him to ensure he followed through. Hungry to continue, you pull Otto back into the kiss. As his tongue slides its way into your mouth, You begin to moan into his. The scientist tries to dominate you and distract you from your mission, but as he grabs your side, you step up and stop his hand. After sliding his hand away you gently push Otto until he falls back into the bed. "Aren't we gonna get on with it, honey?Or are we going to foreplay all night..." You turn away from the bed to get ready, and while you're doing so, Otto unbottons his shirt and lets down his pants. When you turn back around, you see the scientist leaning back on the matress, shirt discarded, pants and underwear wrapped around his ankles. Your heart skips a beat as you open the lube bottle and bend down by the bed, telling Otto to get on his knees. "As you wish." You lubricate your fingers and slide one into Otto's asshole, slowly flexing it."How's that feeling, Otto? Are you okay?" You ask, and Otto is shockingly quiet. "Ye-Yeah, it just... feels a little strange." He can feel your worried eyes burning into him, so he tries to reassure you. "You don't have to be gentle with me (y/n), you're the expert." After a few minutes of stretching and fingering him, you asked Otto if he's ready for you, which felt embarrassing to say. He raises his head and casts a glance over his shoulder at you. "Well, ah, we've come this far, love, and you did just fingerblast me for 10 minutes, so..."You tentatively grip his hips, trying not to dig your nails into his skin as you slide inside of him with a quiet squelch. Otto shuddered, but he tried to remain calm. "And you told me you were good at this?
I d-didn't even feel you, ungh, p-put it in." You knew Otto was lying, but the attempt was to make everything feel less awkward, and you admired that.The attempt didn't work that well, as you eventually freeze in place, an awkwardness filling the air.  Otto let out a small chuckle as you sheepishly asked if you could start moving. "You've got me on my knees, honey. Yes, I'm all yours tonight." Confidence washes over you, and it took all of your strength not to cum right then and there.You gradually began to jerk your hips back and forth, eliciting groans from the man bending over in front of you.
When you felt Otto throbbing around you, you groped his hips and started going faster to see how he'd react. Otto bit his lips, attempting to mask his moans, but you leant down over his shoulder and kissed his neck, persuading the scientist to stop. "Come on, Otto, you sound like you're having a good time." You try to maintain your composure as your pleasure grows. Otto stopped bitiing his lip, but he turned his head away from you. "I can't hear you, Otto." He still refused to moan for you, so you decided to provoke them.  Otto felt your hands prying around his body, hazily grabbing at his nipples and fluffing up his hair. You could feel him clenching tightly around you, unaccustomed to being touched. "Relax, Otto, it's ok, I'm taking care of you." You fawned at h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Otto Octavius/Reader

freeform: 
Gay Male Character
Trans Male Character
Bisexual Male Character
Trans Female Character
Bisexual Female Character
Nonbinary Character
Strap-Ons
Penises
Body Image
Choose Your Own Character
Bottom Otto Octavius
Praise Kink
First Time Bottoming
Moaning
Explicit Consent
Nipple Play
Hand Jobs
Lube
Slow Burn
Anal Sex
Tender Sex
Awkwardness
Sexual Inexperience
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Otto Octavius/Reader

