Work Text:
 “[Name], wait!”
The familiar voice calling out behind you made the fire of anger course all the more quickly through your veins. Instead of doing as the owner of that voice asked, though, you just kept marching forward. He could stop you if he really wanted to, and apparently he did. A large hand brought you to a grinding halt before you could pass the curb.
“What?” you spat.
Steve’s eyes tightened as he licked his lips, looking, perhaps, for the right words. He did not find them. “I’m sorry.”
You snorted. “I’ve heard that before.”
“Look, [Name], this isn’t my fault.”
“Oh? Then whose fault is it?”
“I–Nobody’s!” Steve said. He’d released you, but the proximity of his body to yours made it clear you wouldn’t get far if you tried to leave again. “It just happens!”
“So those people just trip and their tongues accidentally fall in your mouth, huh?”
“I didn’t say that.” He rolled his eyes heavenward, but brought them back to your face before he spoke again. “I’m Captain America. They just…kiss me. It’s not like I’m asking for it.”
“Have you tried, oh, I don’t know, pushing them away?”
“I don’t want to hurt anybody.”
“Right, Steve. That’s what’s going on here,” you said.
His expression hardened. Somehow, you already knew what was coming next.
“You know, Peggy forgave me when she found out that other woman was the one that kissed me,” he said.
Oh, yes. The Peggy Card. Why were you not surprised? You leveled a glare at Steve, then whirled about and strode quickly back the way you’d been going. Steve’s exasperated sigh could be heard even above the gentle hum of the late night traffic.
“[Name], wait. I’m sorry.”
You turned and walked back only to jab a finger into his chest. “You know what, Steve? I don’t give a fuck anymore. Why don’t you just go back to Peggy, if she was so damn perfect?”
“You know why I can’t,” he said softly.
He would never know how much that sorry excuse for an explanation broke your heart.
“Then one of those other people, Steve,” you whispered, “because we’re through.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
POV Second Person
Post-Avengers (2012)
Explicit Language
Out Of Character Steve Rogers
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Reader's Gender Unspecified

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

