Work Text:

 

  With both of their busy schedules, their days off usually didn’t line up. It’s also their senior year in college and things are piling up, and deadlines are getting closer. Taking most of their time and energy. Most days they’re lucky if they can eat a meal together. A quick peck and a snuggle goodnight. Today, Steve had plans to get caught up on a paper. His plans slip out of his head when he sees Bucky looking so sweet laying next to him. It’s Sunday after all, and he misses him.
 
  They forgot to shut the curtains last night. Which Bucky hates waking up early from the sun, so he usually makes sure they are shut without the possibility of light to sneak through any cracks. Steve tunes in to the pouring of rain outside which is the reason their room is thankfully still pretty much dark for 8 am. Small victories. 
 
  His boyfriend is just starting to twitch a little into consciousness. When Bucky rolls onto his back, Steve smiles at the red pillow marks on his cheeks. Last night they didn’t even make it through one show they just started on Netflix until they were passed out, pushing the laptop to the floor to land on a heap of clothing. 
 
  Bucky had plans today too, which he whispered in Steve’s ear filthily. It made Steve blush to say the least. They hadn’t had much time for sex beyond a quickie here and there, the past week. So Bucky telling Steve how he wants him all day gets Steve more than a little excited. Deciding to start the day in morning Bucky’s good graces Steve rolls out of bed. He grabs one of Bucky’s hoodies from the closet on the way to the kitchen. Fingers tap mindlessly as he waits for the coffee machine to heat up. 
 
  The apartment was cheap for Manhattan, which is what drew it to them in the first place. They filled the place with secondhand furniture from their parents and Steve’s art hung on the walls. Little knick knacks of things Bucky is sentimental about on shelves. While the coffee is brewing he tidies up the mess they left in the living room last night. Folding the blanket his mom knitted for them, and putting the textbooks in neat stacks on the coffee table. 
 
  A creak in the hardwood has Steve turning his head up. Bucky is shirtless, in his briefs with his arms wrapped around his torso. Steve snorts at Bucky’s pout. 
 
“’S cold.” And there’s that morning voice that Steve just adores. God he loves him. 
 
“Oh baby, come here.” Steve teases lovingly. 
 
  When Bucky is pressed against him Steve rubs his hands on his biceps and back to warm him up. Bucky grumbles about the rain, but hums happily under Steve’s touch. He gets him on the couch tucked into Sarah Rogers’ famous blanket, which he just folded. Has he mentioned that he loves Bucky? Steve comes back into the living room a couple minutes later with their coffee and a plate of toast. 
 
“I knew there was a reason I asked you to move in with me.” Bucky sighs making grabby hands for his cup. 
 
Steve shakes his head with a huff curling up his legs. He doesn’t bring up that Steve is the one that asked Bucky first. 
 
“You look fucking adorable in my hoodie too, that’s a plus.” Bucky leans in kissing his lips, quicker than Steve would like. 
 
“Yeah I know, look better than you.” Steve lies. Bucky is a dream always, he looks stunning with and without hoodies. 
 
“You wound me Stevie.” Bucky lets out a hurt gasp, just to make Steve laugh. 
 
  They eat quietly after that. Steve opened the windows in the room so he can hear the rain better and smell the earthy scent when the wind blows it in. The big windows were what sold Steve on the place. Big storm clouds loom over the city. Setting their dishes on the table, Bucky murmurs a thank you into Steve’s messy hair. He fits perfectly against Bucky. Thin limbs tuck between Bucky’s mouth watering thick thighs. He’s always fit, ever since they were just kids that meant the world to each other. Steve wishes they could have more mornings like this. 
 
“Do you remember what we talked about last night?” Bucky says after some time startling Steve. He thought he went back to sleep honestly. 
 
“Remind me?” He says, even though they both know there is no way Steve could forget. 
 
“I asked you if you wanted to touch yourself in front of me, and we’d see how long I’d last before needing to touch you.” He says matter of factly. Shit. Like that isn’t one of the hottest ideas ever. 
 
“Fuck. I remember.” Breathless now. 
 
“You wanna?” Bucky tilts Steve’s chin up to look at him. 
 
“Yeah, Buck. Please.” Steve rushes before lurching up to kiss him.
 
  Bucky chuckles at his eagerness. Lips wetly rub against each other, a gentle tug and suck. Then Bucky slips his tongue against Steve’s, both moaning. Big palms are holding Steve’s head in place so Bucky can lick into his mouth how he wants. It’s so much and so good. Kissing Bucky always makes Steve feel like he’s about to burst into flames. He lets Bucky kiss him for a minute longer before he is pulling off just as fast as he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Established Relationship
Explicit Sexual Content
Masturbation
but Bucky's watching
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Slice of Life
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
just a little plot to set up the porn
I don't know what I'm doing
THEY LOVE EACH OTHER OKAY?
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
shrinkyclinks
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

