Work Text:
 The first thing Tony notices is how dark it is. That is to say completely, totally, dark. He couldn't see his hand in front of his face. If he could move his hand to his face. Which is the second thing he notices. He can't move. Anything. Mildly alarming. The final thing he notices is a hot movement of air by his ear. He lies still and listens. Soft measured breathing turns slowly into a quiet laugh. Okay, very alarming.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Then he feels something at his neck and he's not sure what it is but it’s something sharp. He opens his mouth to call for Jarvis, to Pepper, to anyone, to say there's been some kind of security breach. Except he doesn’t. Except he can’t. And for some goddamn reason he isn’t panicking. The blade – Nail? Letter opener? – Presses down harder on his skin and skates up to his jaw. It catches as it goes, but there's no slick feeling, no quick sting of a cut. Incidentally, it is the only thing he can feel move besides his heart and his lungs. He feels the breath at his ear quicken, get closer, and feels something like pressure, something like teeth on the shell of his ear. He strains as hard as he can and suddenly sits up gasping for air in his own bed, lamp on. His tablet, still on, lays to his side. "What, the hell?" He brings his hand up to his neck and his other to rub the phantom feeling from his ear.  
 After a day working in a sleep deprived daze and a few hours research on sleep paralysis, Tony decides he won't burn the midnight oil this time.  "Jarvis, dim the lights and set an alarm for whenever I have to wake up.""Yes sir," comes a pleasant voice from nowhere specific. "Goodnight, sir." "Yeah, well, let's hope." Tony turns on his side and closes his eyes. Before long he feels himself start to drift to sleep. He opens his eyes at a noise, a shuffle of fabric, and suddenly his lights have gone black. The room shrouded in total darkness, and while this should probably be more concerning, all he can think is:
Not again. 
He feels a pressure on his shoulder quickly going from amorphous to a solid form with five unique pressure points. So, a hand then. The hand turns him onto his back and comes up to brush the backs of its fingers down his face, across his stubble and stopping at the line of his jaw.Then the feeling of teeth is back. They light on his neck and bite there, tentative at first. Feeling out his response, maybe? Then they clamp down hard. And if he could, Tony would gasp. Instead he feels his heart quicken. First teeth, then tongue to sooth over the harsh bite, and Tony's sure if he could he'd be getting turned on. As far as sleep paralysis hallucinations go this is nothing like he'd read. Maybe he just got lucky.The hand slips down and pauses at the sheets of his bed, stops with fingertips just barely under them. Like his phantom is unsure if he should continue. 
He?
Yes he, Tony remembers the laugh he heard on the night before. Tony strains again. It worked last time. It does not work this time. He feels more than hears the laugh against the column of his throat. That same damn laugh, and it's so familiar but he can't place it.The hand slips under his sheets and plays along his abdomen, grazing across the dusting of hair that runs down to his boxers. And Tony reevaluates his situation because he definitely is getting turned on. He can feel it now.
One hell of a wet dream, Tony. You go a couple months without and even your sleep paralysis demon thinks you need some.
He snaps back to attention when he gasps. He's actually able to gasp, and thank God because he is now being palmed through his boxers and he wishes he could do more than gasp because the feeling just isn't enough. He tries to buck his hips and he still can't manage that. Then there's that mouth on his neck again licking up to the rough stubble on his jaw and biting just at his pulse point and sucking.He moans. And everything stops. He can feel the hand tense and draw away. He wants to say No, don't stop. To say anything really. But he can’t, and the next thing he knows he opens his eyes and the room is just how he left it. Lights dim but not off, clock reading 3am. He sighs and starts to get out of bed only to notice he was more than a little affected by his dream. “Alright, well I’ll count that as a positive.” 
 The next day is spent almost entirely on sleep paralysis research. He runs tox reports on his blood and does research on different paralytic agents as well, because it all felt so damn real. Bruce stops by to check on him. The conversation is mostly pleasant, until he smiles half teasing and points to his own neck. "So are you seeing someone?" Tony stares at him blankly. No. He isn’t. "Your, um, neck. There." He points and Tony laughs. A little too loud."Right
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Violent Sex
Choking
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Loki (Marvel)
Rough Sex
Knifeplay
Bloodplay
Paralysis
dream sex... kind of
magic as restraints

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

