Chapter 1: Love To Make You Lose Control (Maybe A Little Too Much)
    




Chapter Text
Steve’s phone dinged. He grabbed it.
Bucky: Daddy may I go?
Steve grumbled reading the message. He texted back.
Steve: I told you no bathroom breaks at work. You’re just going to have to hold it.
Steve was Bucky’s dom in two things. He controlled when Bucky was allowed to piss, and when he was allowed to cum. Steve thought about the key he wore around his neck to the cage that was clamped down on Bucky’s cock. He hadn’t let Bucky cum in weeks. Bucky had mailed Steve the key to his cage. Bucky had an emergency back up that he was to keep in his pocket at all times, but he wasn’t allowed to use it unless it was a true emergency. Bucky also wasn’t allowed to pee unless Steve allowed him too. If he messed up, he got an extra week in the cage without an orgasm.
Bucky: But daddy I really need to go :C
Steve shook his head.
Steve: Who’s fault is that? You know you get to go before and after work only, and then before bed. If you make a mess of yourself you’ll be in the cage another week
Steve set his phone down. He loved controlling Bucky’s bladder. Steve worked from home as a computer programmer, and on the side he liked to be a dom for a few people. Some people sent him their cock cage key and asked for nothing in return, except for him to tell them no when they asked to cum. Some of those men hadn’t had an orgasm in nearly a year. He wondered how they were still sane. Bucky on the other hand, was regularly let out and allowed to orgasm. He usually did excellent with it. Though he did keep a few sets of extra clothes at his workplace in case he had an accident.A few more hours went by and Steve knew when Bucky got off of work. He knew he’d take the train home, and like clockwork he’d FaceTime Steve asking for permission to take a piss after work. Steve liked to watch. Bucky even figured out a way to set up a camera right in front of his toilet so Steve could see it all. He loved to watch caged cocks piss, and he loved that Bucky let him see it.The FaceTime ringer went off and Steve answered.“Hi daddy, can I please go?” Bucky asked. He was already in his bathroom. Steve pursed his lips.“Not yet. I want you to sit on the toilet but not go. You were a bad boy today, asking me over and over,” Steve said. Bucky nodded and set his camera up facing the toilet. He watched Bucky pull his pants and underwear down and sit on the toilet, his caged cock hanging between his legs, pointed down. Bucky whined and rubbed his legs, trying not to pee without permission. He knew what the consequences were. Steve was getting hard and decided to reach down into his sweats and play with himself as he watched.“Daddy please,” Bucky whined.“Pull up your shirt and show daddy your belly,” Steve said. Bucky did as he was told and pulled up his work shirt to reveal a bladder bulge.“My my, you’re a lot fuller than you normally are at this hour. Little piss baby had some coffee? Some tea at work? Hm?” Steve teased. Bucky bit his lip.“My coworker got us all some Starbucks and I didn’t even think,” Bucky said.“Of course you didn’t,” Steve cut him off. “And now look at you? It’s only been nine hours Bucky since you last went. You usually hold that long or longer most nights,” Steve said. Bucky nodded. Steve stroked himself just to keep himself on the edge. Bucky bounced his legs and let his shirt drop. He winced and arched his back.“What did you get from Starbucks?” Steve asked.“I got a grande mocha latte,” Bucky said, his voice was whiny now. Steve loved it when he got whiny and needy.“Uh huh. That’s in addition to what you normally drink at work?” Steve asked. Bucky nodded.“Put your hand on your bladder Bucky and press on it but if you piss you’re in that cage for another week. It’s been… six weeks hasn’t it? My little piss boy can’t even cum without daddy’s permission, let alone piss? Hm?” Steve teased. Bucky did as he was told and pressed on his bladder and moaned and jiggled his legs.“Daddy please let me go please please,” Bucky begged.“Not yet baby boy, you have to wait a little bit longer. Want you to think about what you’ve done today. Bugging me all day to let you go piss. But you didn’t, did you? Such a good boy, holding it all in for me,” Steve said. Bucky nodded and whined. A few more minutes of Bucky whining went by and Steve kept edging himself to the sounds of his gasping breaths.“Pick up your phone and point it at your caged cock for me,” Steve said, breath husky. Bucky did. Steve turned off his camera.“Look at your cock all cooped up in its cage. Bet you’re dying to cum too, huh?” Steve said. He was close. He was gonna jerk off into his pants but he didn’t care.“Daddy please,” Bucky whined.“Okay, go piss for Daddy,” Steve said. On command Bucky’s piss rushed out of him in a messy hiss as it left his cage. Steve watched it spray out of him and into the toilet. He muted himself with his free hand and came in his pants to the sounds of Bucky’s pis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Dom/sub
established relationships - Freeform
BDSM
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Cock Cages
Piss Denial
toilet denial
Daddy Kink
Humiliation kink
Phone Sex
phone dom
Praise Kink
Bladder Control
Masturbation
Wetting
Chastity Device
Peeing on towels
Bladder torture
Desperation
Desperation Play
Omorashi
waterworks
water sports
Pining
Crying
Orgasm Delay/Denial

fandom: 
None
