Chapter 1: Captain Carter
    




Chapter Text
"You all deserve to know more about the wider cosmos, the threats facing it, as well as the struggles yourselves and your fellow heroes have gone through." The Watcher stated. "For that reason, I've prepared more for you all to view." Uatu's voice faded again as he shut up. "So, what is this going to show us?" Nick Fury asked the room in large. "I've no idea." Steve shrugged. "Something important, no doubt." Matt noted. "I need to know what these threats are and how to stop them." Carol stated. 
"Time. Space. Reality. It's more than a linear path. It's a prism of endless possibility. Where a single choice can branch out into infinite realities. Creating alternate worlds from the ones you know. I am the Watcher. I am your guide to these vast new realities. Follow me, and ponder the question...What If?"
 "So, this is about the Watcher?" Ned asked. "I am merely a guide." Uatu's voice stated. "These are about the heroes of Earth and beyond." 
"Earth. June, 1943. The Nazi army marches across Europe, leaving death and destruction. The Allied armies band together to create a new kind of solider. A super solider. At humanity's darkest hour, a skinny kid from Brooklyn became Captain America. After turning the tide of World War II, he made the ultimate sacrifice, restoring peace and saving this universe. But in another universe, a single choice created a whole new hero."
 "Who are these Nazi people?" Mantis asked, feeling the negative emotions around her at their mention and seeing the angry looks on the faces of Steve and Bucky especially. "Imagine Ego but human versions." Quill told her, as she gasped. Someone else who wanted to wipe out everyone else except themselves? How could anyone actually want to do that? "It's talking about you, isn't it?" Ikaris asked, eyeing Steve up. "It appears to be, but if a different choice made a whole new hero, then I must not feature too much in this, if at all." Steve agreed. 
The scene showed the presentation where they prepared to make Steve Rogers into the first super soldier, with Peggy Carter and Steve Rogers talking about it. Peggy was asked if she would want to wait in the booth, looking at Steve, she declined, choosing to stay in the main operating room. The Watcher explained that this was the moment that created a new universe, where Peggy Carter chose to remain in the room.
 “Peggy is going to be the hero of this new world?!” Steve asked, stunned. “It appears so.” Strange said. “Good for her. She deserved more credit than she got in our universe.” Steve simply replied. “I’m sure you tell her that all the time in your life together.” Tony teased him. “I'm sure I do.” Steve grinned back. 
Peggy noticed the Hydra agent about to explode the room with his bomb, too late to save Erskine or Colonel Philips, who died in the blast. Colonel Flynn ordered Steve into the machine, after he was shot trying to stop the agent, Peggy stated he was too injured, as Flynn and Howard Stark argued about continuing the project, Peggy told Steve to wait, stripping off her jacket and ordering Howard to give her the serum instead of Steve.
 “I’m sorry, Steve.” Bruce said, seeing the crestfallen expression on Steve’s face. “I didn’t get on with Colonel Phillips all that much, but he helped to found SHIELD, and Doctor Erskine was a great man, he inspired me to do more than I ever thought I could. I owe everything to him.” Steve explained. “I tried for years to replicate his formula, ended up being The Hulk.” Bruce said. “As smart as I am, I’ll be the first to admit, he may be smarter than even I am.” “Steve!” Sam yelled, seeing the Hydra agent shoot the Steve on the screen. “I guess that’s why I don’t become Captain America in that universe.” Steve tried said, horrified at what he was seeing on the screen. “Always the hero, even when a punk.” Bucky shook his head ruefully. “He cant seriously expect you to be able to complete the operation, can he?” Hope asked, stunned. “I guess he seems to think a gunshot is nothing.” Steve laughed. “He wants my dad to become Captain America?” Tony snorted. “That’d go over well, he’d still refuse to take orders.” “She is a remarkable woman.” Loki noted, seeing the bravery that Peggy was showing, willing to risk it all to make sure the mission succeeded. "She really was." Sharon breathed. “That’s Peggy.” Steve beamed. “Does he want a super soldier or not? Telling Stark Senior not to do it now?” Phastos asked. He was conflicted seeing Howard Stark on a screen, on one hand, he respected intelligence and ingenuity, and Howard had both. On the other, Howard had a large hand in the Manhattan Project and Phastos was still angry that humans had created such a thing to wipe one another out. Part of him still believed they weren’t worth saving. “He’s sexist.” Natasha spat. “Sadly, still a widely accepted thing today.” “Humans still base things around gender? Primitive.” Nebula scoffed. 
Leaving the machine with Howard's help, S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Avengers Watching The Shows
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

