Work Text:
Outside, the sun is just starting to rise. After all these years he's learned to feel it, even without his lunar passenger in his head. It's a liminal time, between work and sleep, not quite night or morning, the moment he can snatch some spare time for himself. It's been a hot night and it's going to be a hotter day.  Marc starts peeling off his mask before he even unlocks the door. Sometimes head-to-toe white kevlar blend feels like a mistake, and not just when he has to do his own laundry."I swear the goons get dumber every year," he says as he walks into his apartment. "You think it's all the concussions?"Steven, called into consciousness by the question, smiles. "I wouldn't think too hard about that, given how many times you've had your bell rung." Between the illegal prize fights and the superheroing, it has been a lot. "Not to mention the times you've been dead.""One of them tried to bribe me tonight.  With the diamonds he was stealing. I ask you, criminals these days.""Next time take the diamonds. We could use more seed capital for the Midnight Mission."He strips off the costume as he walks through the apartment, leaving a trail of sweat-soaked white fabric between the front door and the kitchen, where he sticks his head under the tap for an entire blissful minute."You might want to try the actual shower," Steven says."No," Marc says, "not yet."  It's been a rough week and a rough night, but – not rough in the right way. There's something else he wants first.***"Is that OK?""Yes," Marc says, tilting his head back and closing his eyes. They've been doing this, one way or another, since they hit puberty. It's not like Steven doesn't know how to jerk him off.  Decades later, and he still checks in every time, and Marc still tries to answer politely instead of telling him it's stupid to ask.He knows that what he perceives isn't what's happening in the physical world, but if he doesn't  actually think about it he has no trouble believing that his hands are bound over his head, the blood restricted so he can't really feel them. As far as his mind can tell, it's Steven's hand pulling on his cock. That feels as real to him as the guy he punched in the face earlier, or any lover he's ever had. More so, maybe.The sheets are already drenched with sweat, but he feels like he could go all day. He was tired when he came in the door, but now he's flooded with adrenaline all over again, straining into Steven's grip.  Never quite firm enough for his taste.Which is why Jake is here, too, standing in the corner and smirking."Are you just going to lurk there all morning?" Marc asks, when this has been going on about as long as he can stand. Steven has at least taken off his jacket and rolled up his shirt sleeves, but Jake is fully dressed, right up to the stupid hat."Ask for what you want," Jake says, "like a good boy."He shouldn't have to ask. That's the point of having other people in your head."Get the dagger," he says, trying to make it sound like he's giving an order instead of begging.Marc tells himself this is his best option. Relationships are complicated and dangerous. And it's not that there aren't plenty of people out there who want to fuck him up, but he can't exactly ask the next crazed villain who comes after him to wait for him to take his pants off first. That would be weird, even by his admittedly extremely weird standards.Jake takes the dagger off the night stand, measuring its weight. This one is broken, one edge jagged where it snapped off embedded in the armour of one of those rare super-villain minions smart enough to wear a vest.  He took the pieces home with him, although at the time he had no particular plans for them. If Khonshu was here, he'd never have dared to use a crescent dagger for this, not even one that's past being used for its intended purpose.  He half expects his god to appear to him right now, freed from the dungeons of Asgard by the knowledge that his fist is defiling his tools and himself."If Khonshu could see us now ..." Steven says. Well, of course he can read Marc's mind, that's where he comes from."This feels – blasphemous," Marc admits."Who cares what he thinks? " Jake says. "I do not miss that bony motherfucker's running commentary, let me tell you. It's a good thing that he's gone."Marc isn't sure he feels the same. Without Khonshu his head feels empty, no matter how many other people he shares it with. A shameful part of him wants the sensation of being overwhelmed by divinity back, no matter how often he's wanted it to end. It's not just about believing in the mission for him, whatever he tells people."Yeah, maybe," is the most he can muster in agreement."Do you need me to call you a worthless vessel to get you off?" Jake says, amused. "No," Marc replies. "I don't think Khonshu has ever been – helpful, in that department." For someone who was meant to be a fertility god, he never seemed to have much use for sex, no matter what kind Marc was having or who with
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Marc Spector/Steven Grant/Jake Lockley

freeform: 
Knifeplay
Masturbation
Self-Harm
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Unsafe Sex
... by which I mean that Marc's kink is being unsafe
Does it still count as self-harm if you make the other guy in your head do it?

fandom: 
Marc Spector/Steven Grant/Jake Lockley

