Chapter 1: Rocks and gold and all things cold, that’s what chaos Gods are made of.
    




Chapter Text

Fingers digging into the damp, dark concrete Loki slowly raised his head and scanned his surroundings.  Litter tossed skyward by the air displacement of his arrival tumbled back to earth in a chaotic jumble, and as the ringing in his ears subsided, he could hear the steady drip, drip, drip of blood, running from his nose and hitting the ground beneath him.  He felt beaten, abused, and discarded on this midden heap of humanity, but he was free and despite the pain lancing through his muscles, he had to fight the urge to flip back his head and howl in triumph at the moon.

It was perhaps fortunate that his celebration was interrupted by the sharp clatter of metal striking concrete and he froze.  He wasn’t alone.  Someone or something moved in the shadows of the alleyway.  Wiping the blood from his nose, he sniffed the air, trying to identify the threat.  Immediately his lips peeled back in a snarl, scrubbing a fist across his face.  That had been a mistake, the narrow passageway stank of human detritus and waste.

His vision pixelated into a predator's gaze, erasing irrelevant detail and focussing only on movement.  Other senses sharpened, he paused, waiting.  A cold smile twitched one corner of his lips, he could hear an accelerated heartbeat and immediately turned to follow the direction.  


There she was!  


His eyes locked onto her face, bone-white under the combination of terror and moonlight before she ducked out of sight.  Slowly he began his advance, waiting for that moment when fear would overwhelm her sense of caution and she’d sacrifice her hiding place.  Stealth unnecessary, he stalked deeper into the shadows.  Three heavy footsteps were all it took for him to shatter her nerve; forcing her to break cover and sprint for freedom.  Loki smiled, his prey was running!  This would be fun.  Brief, but fun.  Daggers drawn, he gave chase, long limbs easily eating up the distance between them.

The dank passageway ended abruptly on the towpath running alongside the canal.  The figure ahead of him hesitated, clearly torn between which direction to take and that split second of doubt gave Loki the upper hand.  As soon as she made her decision and committed to going left he let his daggers fly.  The first sank with a thud into a wooden board a few feet ahead of her and she threw her weight backward, trying to change direction.  The second passed so close to her face that she instinctively flinched and twisted to one side. Under the combination of the two, she lost what was left of her balance, and her feet went out from under her.  The next second he was on her, twisting her arms so they were trapped under her torso, his long frame pinning her to damp ground.   Her heels scuffed through the dirt trying to find purchase but other than that the night was so silent he could hear the frantic beat of her heart.

Now that his prey was immobilised Loki had the opportunity for a more thorough appraisal.  She was taller than he’d expected, taller than most of the Midgardian females he’d met, though that still left her six inches shorter than he.  Narrow features combined with that dark, red hair gave her a distinctly vulpine appearance.  Not pretty he decided, far too angular for his taste, but there was a fierce determination to her face that caught his attention.  In the moonlight it was hard to tell the colour of her eyes - rich brown or gunmetal grey, he wasn’t sure?  But even in this hopeless, helpless position, those eyes flashed fire and defiance.  Gently he stroked a damp curl of sweat-soaked hair back from her face and waited for the reality of her situation to sink in, waiting for the first flickers of terror to show in those eyes.

“You mortals are so pathetically weak.  I could kill you right here without lifting a finger, all I need to do is wait.  Every time you take a breath you have to lift my weight.  Gradually the effort of that will drain what little strength you possess.”  He dipped his lips towards her - amused to see her twist her head to the side.  Did she think he meant to kiss her?  That he, Loki of Asgard, would ever soil his flesh to touch one such as her? He whispered his next words directly into the shell of her ear, a promise of what was to come.  “Your breathing will become shallower as you fight for every gasp, less and less oxygen reaching your brain, reaching your muscles.  Eventually, your strength will fail and you’ll be unable to fill your lungs at all.  Your chest will burn, your muscles screaming as they release acid into your limbs and your body starts to devour itself.  Then your consciousness will mercifully begin to fade.” He raised his face to watch her expression as the truth sank in. “You feel it don’t you?”

The squirming figure beneath him lunged at him; sharp, white teeth snapping together as they met only air.  The little vixen has some fight left in her.  Loki ts
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Escape
On the Run
Kidnapping
Alternate Universe - Dark

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

