Work Text:
It was dark.  It was dark enough that there was nothing to distract Hisako from her thoughts and she wanted to stop thinking.  Hot tears squeezed out from under her eyelids and tracked their way slowly down her cheeks to join the others already dampening her hair.  She took a deep breath and rolled on her side, pulling her covers higher.The pillow was wet.  Violently, Hisako sat up and threw the pillow across the room.  Climbing to her feet, she grabbed her robe from the foot of her bed.  Shoving her arms into it, she tied it around her waist and pushed open the door.  She didn’t bother with shoes.The hallway was quiet, but that was unsurprising.  It had been an eventful night, between the X-men going on a mission and finding Piotr Rasputin and Ord attacking the mansion.  Hisako doubted anyone was asleep, but she didn’t blame them for laying low.  If she could just get the sound of Wing’s cries out of her mind, she might have done the same thing.Silently, Hisako made her way down to the infirmary.  The smell of antiseptic tickled her nose, and she could hear machines whirring softly behind closed doors.  She was almost at the end of the hallway when an arm appeared through the wall that led to the lab.  Squeaking in surprise, Hisako backed away two steps before the rest of the body followed.“Hello?”  Kitty Pryde looked almost as alarmed as Hisako felt.  “What are you doing here?”“You scared me!”  Hisako shot back, hand still pressed to her stomach.  She could feel the energy shields of her armor just under her skin and took a deep breath.  There was no way she wanted any of the teachers to know just how spooked she still was.Kitty’s face softened and Hisako realized that Kitty was exhausted.  It wasn’t surprising, if even half of what she’d heard was true.  “I’m sorry,” Kitty said.  “I didn’t mean to frighten you.  I didn’t think anyone would be out here.”“Yeah.  It is the middle of the night.”  Hisako pulled her robe tighter, feeling ridiculously underdressed next to the woman who was still in her uniform.Kitty pushed a few stray strands of hair out of her eyes.  “Hisako, right?  Did you come to check on Eddie?”“He goes by Wing.”  The answer was immediate and defensive and Hisako flushed.  “Wing.”  Kitty confirmed gently, shifting her weight.Hisako shrugged, feeling stupid.  “I just wanted to make sure he was…” She trailed off.  He was what?  Fine?  Comfortable?  Not dead?  She shrugged again.“I think he’s asleep.”  Kitty answered, kindly.  “I heard Hank say that you saved him.”“No, I didn’t.”  Hisako looked down at her feet.  The red polish she’d put on her toes was chipping off.  “I didn’t save him.”“You caught him,” Kitty corrected.  “You caught him when he was falling.”“I broke half the bones in his body.”  Hisako looked up, eyes bright with anger.  “If it hadn’t been for Josh … Elixir, Wing would have died.”“If you hadn’t caught him, he would have died.” Kitty reached out to rest a hand on Hisako’s shoulder and Hisako shrugged it off.  Kitty’s hand dropped to the bench between them.  “That wouldn’t have been your fault either.”“Really?” Hisako challenged.  “You wouldn’t feel guilty if our positions were reversed?  Who are you here to see?”Kitty flushed and looked away and Hisako immediately felt like a bitch.  “I’m sorry.  It’s none of my business.”“It’s all right.  It hasn’t been a good night for anyone.  What we do, being X-men,” she glanced at Hisako, “or training to be X-men – it isn’t easy.  Sometimes bad things happen.  Sometimes in life, bad things happen.”“I’ll say.”  Hisako slumped against the wall.  She could feel tears threatening again.  “Wing is a good guy.  He’s my best friend.  It isn’t fair.”“No.”  Kitty’s voice was very quiet.  “It isn’t fair when bad things happen to good people.  But it does.  And it will.  We can only do so much, Hisako.  The important thing is that we keep doing it.”“How is Mr. Rasputin?”  The question burst out of Hisako’s mouth before she could change her mind, but she didn’t turn away.“Hank says that he’s physically healthy.”  Kitty’s answer was carefully neutral.  “He needs rest.”“I guess coming back from the dead is hard work.”  Hisako could feel a thread of hysteria in her gut and she clapped her hand over her mouth, stifling her giggles.  Kitty blinked at her in astonishment, then slowly cracked a smile.“It must be.  It always takes a lot out of everybody when it happens.”“What about when it doesn’t happen?” Hisako asked, suddenly sober.  “What are we supposed to do if Ord comes back?  If someone else comes?  They always keep coming.”This time Hisako didn’t move away from Kitty’s touch and Kitty squeezed her shoulder.  “We do just what you did.  Catch our friends when they fall.  Try and help them recover.  Be their friend.”“Wing has a crush on you.”  Hisako blurted out that secret before she could stop herself and Kitty laughed softly.“Are you sure he doesn’t think I’m a fucking retard?”Hisako and Kitty both burst into giggles.  “He told me about
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Astonishing X-Men - Freeform

fandom: 
None
