Work Text:
Jake was self-aware. He was the protector. He was there to keep them safe. He was a chill guy. Didn’t mind getting the job done, and didn’t care for recognition. He was okay, living in the shadows. Frankly, he simply didn’t much care for fronting.
If he were to describe himself with one word, it would probably be tired.
There was a sense of exhaustion ever-present, that came with being the one to get the job done. He was capable, and that meant he did things. He didn’t complain. He didn’t mind. He was practical, and that meant he focused on the task and simply tried to find a chance to rest after. That usually meant leaving Marc and Steven to deal with the world and sitting back and just watching quietly, recuperating, trying to find a source of peace and calm or at the very least, some amusement.
It was maybe overly dramatic, however, to say tired was all he was. Being dramatic simply wasn’t his thing - it was more something that could be used to describe Marc, out of them all, or most certainly Khonshu. Jake preferred to see himself as living in the moment.
If the guy he needed to talk to was dead, there was no point crying over spilt milk, and he simply needed to find a solution. If there was danger around, there was no point panicking, when he could simply kill the opponent. And when Steven started freaking out about all the blood, well. Sometimes, the answer was to slide away and let him deal with it if he was so dead set on pacifism. See how that worked out for him. Jake was used to cleaning messes. He didn’t mind watching them be made anyway.
Truth be told, many people who were in his situation would freak out. Lord knows Steven did, and continuously kept doing so. But Jake was observant. He paid attention to detail. He noticed long ago that he wasn’t quite like everyone else. That there were things he put down somewhere that suddenly changed places.  The strange feeling of presence in the back of his mind. Mirrors acting just a little bit off, which mirrors shouldn’t do, and gaps in his memory.
It was the 21st century. He had google.
He supposed some people (still you, Steven) upon discovering they were a part of a system may freak out and start questioning their sense of self. Wonder if they were real, ponder the implications of knowing who the host was, ask themselves their purpose. But Jake didn’t really care much for who thought if he was real enough. He was an alter, he was one with Marc and Steven and very much himself despite it. He was part French, part British, and he had a moustache, even if Marc shaved it off whenever he tried to grow it properly. There was no point in asking him how real he was when he was literally there, cleaning up leftovers after Steven because they fell asleep over a book halfway through dinner again. Life was simple - philosophical questions meant little, in the grand scheme of things, in comparison to the guy shooting you or the fact Gus needed to be fed.
That was something he really wanted to hit Marc over the head about more than once.
He may never forgive him for Gus.
If he gets to see Marc again. Jake had a wide array of life experiences. Between being part of a system that had a guy who was a mercenary and one who worked in a museum gift shop, which he happily did himself part-time (the kids were hilarious), he would dare even say he had been through a bit more than most people.
And yes, technically he died once already.  
Although that was more on Marc, and Jake didn’t remember much of it. But he was aware, on a more logical level, that it happened. It didn’t make it easier to actually be there, even without fronting, and feel getting shot through the heart.
And it sucked.
Because this time, he realized, Khonshu wouldn’t swoop in and save the day. Because Khonshu got himself ushabti’d for making a sky show with Steven because Osiris was a fucking dickhead. But even as he thought about it, there was a much stranger realization.
Namely, darkness.
An overwhelming, ever-present, almost tangible darkness. Not the kind that came with being unconscious, or even closing your eyes, but the kind that came with a dark room or a night in the desert. And when Jake reached out his hand, he felt something. More specifically, something close.
He was inside a box. Inside... something. And he was fronting, or so he thought, because he was very much present physically in a tight, small, dark space and not liking it. Did he have claustrophobia? He didn’t think he did, but he was not happy with this situation at all, all the more so because no matter how hard he tried searching within himself, he couldn’t find Marc or Steven.
Did they die? Did all of them die, or only him, or only them?
Where was he?
He focused on what seemed to be the wall, lid, box, thing in front of him and tried hitting it, because when you were trapped, be it physically or mentally, brute force usually helped, no matter what everyone tried to preach. And it felt like the box hypothesis was right. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steven Grant & Jake Lockley & Marc Spector
Steven Grant/Marc Spector

freeform: 
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Introspection
Character Study
Jake Lockley centric
Season 1 Episode 4 Coda
Family
How Do I Tag
Marc and Steven's relationship is pretty background here
Like one Layla mention but up to you what that relationship is like

fandom: 
Steven Grant & Jake Lockley & Marc Spector
Steven Grant/Marc Spector

