Work Text:

“And we join the younger Stark son in his final throw of the championship,” Harley spoke into an imaginary microphone in his well practised commentator voice, “he’s already beaten his previous record, but will he be able to get this elusive final throw?”

“Harl, shut up, I’m trying to…” Peter readjusted Cap’s shield in his hand, he looked sideways to the kitchen where an apple stood on top of a bottle. All he had to do was curve the shield around the pillar, and into the kitchen to chop the apple in half. 

“Will he be able to beat his better looking and more talented older brother? Unlikely, yet-”

“Shut. 

Up.

” When he said ‘up’ he let go of the shield, waiting for it to go flying, and it did, but…. He had let it go at the wrong time. 

There was a hiss and Peter slowly turned his head forward, to the television… with Captain America’s shield stuck in the screen. 

“Oh fuuuuu-”

“It seems…. That Peter Stark is completely fucked, a memorial will be held-”

“Harley! You distracted me!” 

“How’s that my fault? You’re the one who threw it.” 

“You distracted me!” Peter yelled back at him, he glanced between the tv and Harley, “I- I… what am I gonna do?” 

Harley paused, deciding between winding Peter up even more, or helping his brother, but the look on Peter’s face made him sigh. “We can fix this before the parents are home.”

There was a bang from the television. 

“...Probably…”
  
  
Peter and Harley stood over the broken television, they had moved it from the wall to the floor in hopes of taking a closer look at it to fix it. 

“What’s the internet say?”

“It says that we’re fucked.”

“Harl!” 

“I’m serious, there’s no answer to what to do in this situation,” he shrugged and slipped his cellphone into his pocket, “I guess we just try and get the shield out, then maybe we can rewire it, then I guess make our own LED TV?” 

Peter bit his lip, “But that’ll take forever. Fri how long til mom and dad get home?”


“You have approximately two hours. Would you like me to call them for you?”


“No!”


“Don’t!”

“Just…” Peter sucked in a breath, “just don’t tell them anything Friday, please, we’ve got this.” Peter looked at his older brother, “We 

have

 got this… right?”

Harley grimaced… “Eh… maybe…?”

They couldn’t raid Tony’s lab or garage, they knew that he had an alarm set if they even headed down to those rooms when Tony wasn’t home. And even their own toolkit were kept down there, something about Harley accidentally dismantling his bed, and then something about a chemical gas leak in Peter’s room…

“Maybe we should just try and disguise it?”

“You really think we can just, like, hang some lights on it?”

“I didn’t say that, we can take the shield out and then hide it behind something?”

Harley should really be getting some sort of reward for being so kind to Peter, twice in one day, he really needed a medal. “I think mom has some art she didn’t get around to hanging, they’re in her office, in a closet, I’ll hang this back up and you go find one, we can cover it until we can build a new screen. 
  



“It looks… good?”

“Yeah, yeah it looks… it’s fine, they won’t know.”

“Yeah, totally.” 

The boys stood in front of the slightly crooked canvas, they had found a piece of Iron Man inspired art which was the perfect size to hang over the tv, but it wasn’t exactly subtle between the tv and the canvas it stuck out from the wall way too much. 

“Maybe… they won’t notice?”

“Yeah… maybe they’ve gone blind on the way home.”

“Harley-!”

Before Peter could find what to yell at his brother the elevator dinged, the two boys froze. 

“Hey we’re-... What the hell have you two done?”

Harley turned slowly, wincing as he met Pepper and Tony’s wide eyes, he let out a sigh and pushed Peter so he was having to meet their eyes too, Harley had already helped him enough. 

“We… We can explain…”

Pepper raised an eyebrow, doubting that very much. “I am going to go make coffee, you are dealing with this.”

“Wha- how come I’ve gotta deal with this?” Tony protested, he followed Pepper’s nod to the shield barely concealed beneath a blanket. Then sighed loudly. He turned his attention back to the boys, “Can you two really not be left alone for a few hours?”

“Wh-What do you mean?” Peter asked, taking a step to better hide the television hanging behind him. 

“Congratulations,” Tony deadpanned, “on being stupid.” He rolled his eyes. “Now what the hell did you guys do?”

“Erm….we were just playing around….”

Tony raised an eyebrow. “Y’know what, I don’t actually want to know. I’m ordering a new TV, and you two are grounded. And you’re both helping me install it.”

“Great,” Harley mumbled under his breath, “wonder if he’ll break it like he did last time.” 

“I heard that!”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker are Siblings
breaking their home
cause they're idiots
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Harley Keener is a Good Brother
Iron Family
iron family chaos
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker is Pepper Potts's Biological Child
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Harley Keener is Pepper Potts's Biological Child

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

