Work Text:
1939It was Christmas Eve two years later. Peggy had taken little Steve up to her moms and he'd had to stay behind because once again the Morning Glory was in the area.  Penny was performing a Christmas show and he thought he'd pick her up and take her out of the city for a little sightseeing to make up for his mad dash out of the suite the last time.Truth be told, he was head over heels for both Peggy and Penny.  He'd been hoping the picture and note would be enough till he could be enough…But, here he was at eleven o'clock waiting for that feisty woman to appear when at exactly eleven forty-five as promised the tall girl, face looked familiar but the hair was much shorter and poofy and well pink.  Penny had a white satin top hat pinned into it and she pulled out a fur stole and slid into the opposite side of the bench.  She was wearing a blood red corset that barely covered her breasts.Luckily, a white satin tails tux jacket covered those, a hint of peppermint glued to her nipples he figured he was imagining things and handed her a menu.  "You know you could have changed… order our hotel suite is paid for the weekend.""oh, okay.  Thank you Steve. you know after you ditched…""I got called away I explained in the no…""I never read it…." she sighed, ordered the turkey dinner and a slice of pecan pie and a good old Coca-cola. the waitress nodded and walked off as she leaned across the table to touch his cheek and he smiled."I'm me Penny.  I have clothes waiting for us at the cabin.  its a view of the city and ocean.  The weekend is for you to have what ever you want within reason.  Without hurting yourself or me.  Think you can handle that?" Steve leaned back and watched her drinking his tea until he almost spit it across the table when he found a booted foot between his strong thighs and he swallowed unfastening the zipper and buckle pulling the stockinged foot out before pressing it into his right thigh and he shivered."Hello, Penny."She just smiled at him as she let out a low sound as she slid it up higher until she had it rubbing at the apex of his thighs and he was straining in his trousers.  She stroked him with her foot until he almost came and dinner came and she ate and he paid and they went out to his bike where he adjusted himself and they headed out of town.They arrived and Penny gasped at the view.  The cabin was small, but everything so far was perfect. He carried her sleeping form to a roaring fire, a semi private bedroom off the great room, the queen size bed was built over two rows of drawers and the bathroom was directly across.  the bath was added on and huge.  Penny found the lovely nightgown and she stood in the bath and took off the hat and wig she pulled out all the pins and her real tiny braids she normally saw on ethnic women in the phone pool.  They looked good on her.  She smiled weakly. "I need help with the corset please."  he nodded and came to stand behind her opening the corset, freeing her waist and chest.  Her breasts spilling forward and he couldn't help but drop his head to kiss her shoulder and side of her neck, "just as beautiful as I remember.""I'm just gonna go check the kitchen." he said backing up as she watched out, "Stay…"He sat on the small dressing chair in the corner as she finished undressing and washing away the pancake performance makeup and then she pulled into the silk loose elastic lace collar top and elastic sleeves.  Penny walked toward Steve as she smiled as she reached to coax him to stand, "Captain sir you are in need of a change to bed clothes as well.  Lets get you stropped." She started popping buttons on his wool jacket and hung it up before she worked him out of his shirt and undershirt before he handed her a pillow and she dropped to her knees and popped his trouser buttons and opened his pants pulling them and his boxers then socks off before she wrapped her hand around his erection.  "oh God, Jesus …,"Penny helped him into his soft sleeping pants and pulled back the bedding as she slid in the blankets hiking the gown up and Steve sat down to talk with her as she patted the mattress, "Come on Steve, there's plenty of room.""There's plenty of room. But if I get in that bed I may never get out of your arms and I love Peggy too and I swore before God to love her until death. Oh, please no don't I'll lay by you… okay. Just lay by you."Penny sniffled and turned her back to him as he climbed into the bed with her, "It's a little chilly over here do you need another blanket?""No. I'm, okay." she mumbled to the wall.  She sniffed a few times audibly so he knew she was either crying or trying to stop crying.  It was about three in the morning and he needed sleep.  The whole goal of moving Penny out of the city was to try and catch the Winter Soldier without him being destroyed or maimed which was what her programming and underlying training was for.He woke up at six to find her standing in just the cotton shift on the deck at sunrise, her cocoa 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
From Sex to Love
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

