Work Text:
It’s strange, to be loved so completely, so surely, yet so differently.  Because it’s  excruciating,  the feel of Sylvie’s dagger dragging over his already-abused skin at such an angle that it stings and bruises more than it cuts, but it’s  love, it’s adoration, it’s worship, even, in its own right. He is close to her, open for her, his eyes locked into hers as they fill with tears once more, readily spilling down his cheeks, and her own eyes pierce through him with the intensity of her gaze, drinking in his suffering, savoring it.  And it’s love, too, when a gentle hand wipes the tears from his cheeks, the other tangled into his hair. His head is dead weight in Mobius’s lap; he’s given himself over to them both, and Mobius hums as he soothes each hurt as it comes. It’s quiet like this: soft sounds of pleasure and satisfaction from Sylvie as she masterfully crafts the patterns of pain against his skin, short gasps, shaky little almost-sobs from Loki as he’s taken to the edge of overwhelm and then guided back, only to be pushed  over  it for a moment once again, and soothing shushes and whispers from Mobius, holding Loki’s face tenderly as he shivers and shudders. It’s beautiful and reverent; he is surrounded and enveloped and sheltered, and his world is narrowed to the tiny space where he exists between Mobius above him and Sylvie beside him. His chest is on fire as Sylvie continues to work at a patch of him that’s already red and angry, already beaded all over with the deep, sanguine evidence of her exquisite torture. She moves the blade, angles it down so that its sharp point rests on the edge of the tormented section of his skin, and  presses.  Not too hard, never too hard; just enough for it to sink in a few layers deep, to open him up, expose more raw, delicate nerves that were meant to stay concealed, leaving them burning and screaming. It’s been  so much  already, but  this  , this is  too  much. Loki whimpers sharply, jerking away from the sting of the blade, but Mobius grasps his shoulders firmly, holds him in place while Sylvie moves on to yet another afflicted spot and Loki whines and fights against them both, his body protesting what his mind won’t. Won’t, because gods, this is  Mobius  and  Sylvie  and this is  everything,  even if he feels like he’ll break, even if he  does  break. Tears stream down his face, dripping off of his chin without Mobius’s loving hands to catch them—loving, still, always loving, even as they hold him down, forcefully at times, so Sylvie can tear him to shreds—and he cries out when they reach the raw, abraded skin on his chest, burning, sizzling, like acid. “You’re okay, Loki, you’re okay, sweetheart, we’ve got you.” He chokes out a little sob at the sound of Mobius’s voice, so gentle and still such a balm to the state of frantic overwhelm that he’s trapped in. Loki hones in on that soft, even cadence, still whispering words of comfort and affirmation and praise, and slowly, slowly, feels himself sink deeper into them. Into these two precious entities who hold him, who  behold  him, who have taken him apart and put him back together so many times there’s not a single cell of his body, a grain of his soul, they’ve not seen and held and turned over in their hands in reverent examination before replacing it, all of it, exactly as it was.  Exactly as he is.  And he feels it again, in the pain, in the burning, excruciating sensations, the  love,  as Sylvie painstakingly destroys him, deconstructs him, pours all of herself into him through every little pinprick hole. Distantly,  so, so  distantly, because he’s truly drifting now, some small part of him  knows  that they’re smiling, their gazes brushing one another just briefly in gratitude: because Mobius looks after Loki, he soothes him and encourages him and leaves Sylvie to concentrate,  really  concentrate on the act of breaking him down, unburdened from those concerns. And  Sylvie—  she gives Mobius the gift of Loki’s essence laid bare, as he shivers and weeps and offers himself, open and candid, to their will. All of this, shared in silent glances over his body, and he feels  that  love, too, complementing their love for him, his love for each of them, compounding and growing it.  When Sylvie is finished with him, some time later, his chest marked everywhere with her searing, ruthless affection, they’ll make love, slow and lazy, but no less passionate for it. It’s draining for each of them, this experience, but undeniably rewarding, as well. They will cling to one another in the quiet, only soft gasps and hushed whispers and barely perceptible little expressions of need and satisfaction escaping them from time to time, moving together unhurriedly, with no goal but for the closeness, the comfort, of it all; a winding, meandering path to eventual gratification as Loki is borne back and forth, gently, between them, filled just as equally by the way that they reach for him as he is when they reach across him fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius/Sylvie (Loki TV)
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Mobius M. Mobius/Sylvie (Loki TV)
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)

freeform: 
Non-Explicit Sex
non explicit kink
Knifeplay
Sadomasochism
Sadistic sex goddess sylvie
Sadist Sylvie
soft sadist Sylvie
Masochist Loki (Marvel)
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Dom Sylvie (Loki TV)
Dom Mobius M. Mobius
way more love than anybody knows what to do with
like just ridiculous amounts of OT3 feelings
more feels than you can shake a stick at
just feelings
Intense
Feelings
intense feelings
Crying Loki (Marvel)
Aftercare
Did I mention there were feelings

fandom: 
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius/Sylvie (Loki TV)
Loki/Mobius M. Mobius
Mobius M. Mobius/Sylvie (Loki TV)
Loki/Sylvie (Loki TV)

