Chapter 1: Making The Most Of An Awkward Situation
    




Chapter Text
You couldn't deny it; it really was nice to be able to spend the whole day with Kitty, just hanging around together in the city before returning to X-mansion. The two of you had been dating for quite a while now, enjoying casual dates where you would just go out for the day. It was fun when you hung with some of your fellow mutants but when it was just you and Kitty alone together, it was just nice to have that time. A quiet day out could be rare so it was best to savour it.The two of you had returned to the mansion after your date, finding it to be rather quiet which was a rarity considering how many people were accommodated in the large house. Professor X was away on a trip to visit an old friend in Scotland, leaving some of his more seasoned X-men in charge, but even then it was quiet.Maybe that was why Kitty immediately threw her arms around you and mashed her lips against yours in a deep kiss, a playful look in her eyes as you were caught off guard and stumbled before regaining yourself. Your hands went to her waist as you parted the kiss, looking flustered at Kitty pouncing on you and she giggled as you asked where that came from. Kitty responded by saying she just wanted a kiss and you went to reply that she could have just asked before she pushed her lips against yours again.The two of you stood in the hallway whilst making out, nobody was there to catch you after all. And then Kitty slipped her hands into yours, smiling as she pulled back to say she enjoyed your date. "I love when it's just us two" she said and you replied that you were always happy to spend some time with her alone, a line that made her lean in to peck your lips before she leaned to your ear."How about we head to your room to continue our date then? She asked and you purse your lips, knowing exactly what she was hinting at. Kitty knew you understood her hint, a playful smirk curling on her lips as she held your hands whilst backing up. She led you up towards your room but paused as you went to round the corner, dragging you back and planting her lips against yours as you were pushed up against the wall...and then you went right through it to land on your bed.Kitty used her mutant powers to phase you through the wall and you bounced a little on the mattress before looking up at her as she was leaning through the wall still. "Well, that's convenient" you mused and Kitty grinned before shifting forward to phase the rest of the way through the wall...but she didn't."Kitty?" You spoke cautiously as an expression of concern turned on her face. She placed her hands on the wall and made to push, but she didn't fall through and onto you. "I-I think I'm stuck, don't tell me my powers are malfunctioning now!" She voiced her concern, trying to push some more but she didn't seem to budge. Kitty was stuck half way through the wall; one side in your room whilst her rear stuck out the other end."I'll go see if I can find someone" you went to rush to your feet; but Kitty caught your hand, stopping you as she didn’t want anyone else to see her with her ass sticking out one side of a wall. So what were you going to do? Even after having her powers for some years now, Kitty's phasing does malfunction from time to time and it's never convenient. But now of all times? When she's bent half way through a wall? The fact this interrupted what would have likely been a fun time wasn't on your mind though, you were more focused on Kitty.You asked what you should do and she looked to be pondering a thought before looking at you, a coy expression on her face as she said you should make use of the time. "I mean I was rather excited about what we were going to do, maybe we could still do it" she said and you were taken aback for a moment before asking how you would do that. Kitty just smirked."Oh don't tell me you don't know about the implications for my current position" she said before she started to overact her next words; "oh no, I'm stuck, whatever will we do?" She asked and you gulped at the idea. "My powers may be acting up, but what about yours?" She then asked and you sputtered over your words, stuttering as you asked Kitty if she was serious.Your mutant powers allowed you to create a duplicate of yourself, an exact duplicate...in every regard as Kitty has come to learn during some adventurous nights of passion. "I mean, right now?" You asked as Kitty reached her hands to your pants, a playful expression on her face as she said it would pass the time. Besides, she may be stuck but that didn't mean she couldn’t take your cock."What do you say?" Kitty asked, fingers playing with your zipper and you gulped before kneeling up on the bed and her eyes lit up at the fact you were on board. She then unzipped your pants and pushed them down so your dick was freed; you were becoming erect rather quickly so clearly you were on board with this idea. Kitty commented on this and you rubbed the bac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kitty Pryde/Reader

freeform: 
Relationship(s)
powers
Mutant Powers
Clones
Clone Sex
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Clothed Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Sex Positions
Harems
Multiple Partners
Semi-Public Sex
Improper use of powers

fandom: 
Kitty Pryde/Reader

