Work Text:
The first text comes in only moments after Thor’s dropped his shirt in the laundry basket. His phone lights up from its spot on the bed where he tossed it after sending the first picture, overcome by an uncharacteristic fit of nerves. What if Tony hadn’t liked it? He’d been reliably informed by Clint—and then by Natasha when he’d found that he hadn’t fully believed Clint’s laughing reassurances that he wasn’t trying to prank him—that this is an acceptable way to tease one’s beloved, but what if he’d taken it too far? Tony’s in an important meeting, after all, one that he can’t get out of; he might not appreciate Thor’s… presumptuousness.He picks up the phone, gone dark now, and turns it back on, opening the text from Tony: Thor you fucking teaseAh. Not upset then. He’s been dating Tony long enough now to know that if Tony were really upset then, he would have told him to stop sending pictures.Sorry, beloved, he sends back. You know I don’t really understand this silly human technology. I meant to post my workout picture to the Instagram. Natasha tells me it would do very well there.A brief pause and then, You fucking liar

I would never.


Post-workout, my ass

I can SEE our bedroom behind you
He laughs and palms himself through the jeans Tony bought him for Christmas last year, slowly hardening with thoughts about what Tony had looked like last night after Thor had finished with him, sweat-soaked and gasping and dripping Thor’s come out of his gaping hole. He waits just long enough for Tony to likely start wondering if Thor had been serious about sending him the picture mistakenly and then hooks his thumb in his beltloop and pulls his jeans away from his body so that both the bulge in his pants and the silk lining of his boxers—the ones that Tony had given him only a few days ago—are visible on his phone. He finds it sweet that Tony is so set on buying things for him. As a prince of Asgard, his wealth far outstrips Tony’s own, but this is how Tony shows his affection, and Thor loves him for it.He takes another picture of himself, checks it to make sure he got the angle right—he didn’t, so he takes another one—and sends the second one off to Tony, still lazily palming himself.Tony’s text comes a moment later: Don’t you dare tell me you meant to send that one to someone else

My mistake. I meant to save it rather than send it to you.

Clint had been right. This is a wonderful game.
Yeah right

Manage to make me believe ONE time that you broke the toaster because you didn’t understand it and not because you and Clint were fucking around with it and suddenly you think you can convince me you never understand our tech

Well good fucking luck with that
Thor throws his head back and laughs. Truly, that had been a fantastic jest; Clint’s idea of putting the poptarts in their silver packaging in the toaster to see what would happen had been inspired. And he can’t even bring himself to feel bad about it, not when the aftermath had been what brought him and Tony together.He slides his jeans over his hips and down his legs, stepping out of them. He takes the time to take them to the laundry bin, same as he did with his shirt, knowing that the delay between pictures will cause the tension in Tony to ratchet higher (and Loki said there wasn’t a mischievous bone in his body).When he gets back to the bed, he has a text from Tony waiting, just one word, a plea that comes across so clearly in text, he can almost hear it as though Tony is standing next to him: ThorHe smirks and sends back, Since I’ve got your attention… He takes a picture of his clothed cock, pulling the slippery material taut around him so that his cock is clearly outlined, a dark spot on the fabric where his precome has leaked through. Look at how wet I am for you, beloved.
Thor

Please

I’m in a meeting

Pepper will kill me if she realizes I’m sexting

Don’t give me a boner when I have to listen to a discussion on OSHA

People will think I have weird kinks
You do have weird kinks, Thor replies, thinking of that thing they did with the wine bottle a few months ago.
Yeah but that doesn’t mean the board needs to know about them
Thor shakes his head fondly and finally takes his boxers off. He leaves them on the floor, suddenly too impatient to bother with teasing any further, and crawls up the bed, settling against the headrest. He fishes out the lube from underneath one of the pillows, left there since the night before, and pours some into his hand.With his other hand, he taps out a message to Tony: I wish you were here with me. You left too early this morning.
Again, I had a board meeting

Can’t skip those if I want to keep my company


Do you want me to stop?


Hell no

Show me what you look like, darling
Thor cups himself and groans at the sensation. He closes his eyes, lets his mouth fall open, and fists his cock, stroking himself with one long, slow slide from base to foreskin. He thumbs back his foreskin, the head poking through, as he fumble
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Masturbation
Sexting
Thor is Not Stupid (Marvel)
Sex Toys
Strip Tease
Nude Photos
In that Thor is sending them to Tony not that there are nude photos in the fic
Phone Calls & Telephones

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

