Work Text:
There was a rule. It wasn’t universal, but it was certainly well known. Many arrogant or stupid warriors and sailors had made the mistake of ignoring it. Most people knew better. The price was high and usually came with blood.But the rule itself was simple.When it came to Anthony Stark; famed pirate of the galaxies, all around rascal and master of the sword.You. Didn’t. Touch. His. Stuff.And as of a decade ago, the second prince of Asgard had become his.Anthony had walked into a tavern with the same swagger he brought everywhere. He’d been in his leathers with his bright red coat. His hair was unfashionably short, and his earrings denounced him as strange.Everyone in the tavern had known he was Stark. He had no family name, and came with more stories, mysteries and warnings than anyone in the Nine Realms. And when he had seen the clearly rich group sitting in the corner; his hands had twitched to steal from them.He was a thief, a pirate, and a man who loved a challenge.But where most of them were oblivious, the lithe green-eyed beauty was not. His plan for a drink, a lay, and a spot of thievery had been well met by the sharp-witted mischievous prince. Anthony had enjoyed his evening so much; he had even returned the prince’s dagger to his pocket after he’d slipped out in the night.He had not anticipated to walk onto his ship and find the man sitting on a crate, unconcerned by the array of weapons pointed at him. He’d smiled cheerfully and declared his intention to tag along. Anthony had denied him, but the prince had not budged and after a thoroughly convincing two hours in his cabin, Anthony had accepted their new temporary crew member on board.
 And he had made a grand pirate.Loki despised rules and enjoyed being able to spread his chaos and mischief without consequence. Anthony enjoyed having the man in his bed, keeping it warm, delighting him with stories and kissing him into the late evening.But Loki was not a gilded treasure to capture and hold on his ship. The prince would come and he would go. Showing up without warning and disappearing with a searing kiss.It could be said that Loki Odinson belonged to no one.But it could equally be said, that he was a member of Anthony’s crew. A member of his bed. A person whom Anthony had let rest closer than any other soul in the galaxy.And when a rumour reached his ears, when the facts were confirmed, the rage that overtook Anthony was beyond anything his crew had ever seen.Because there were some treasures that Anthony would murder for – and this was one of them.Asgard didn’t know what it had coming. The crew, usually loud and boisterous, eager to spill blood and claim riches, felt Anthony’s quiet fury and became silent, but more determined too. Anthony noticed, pleased as he realised that the crew cared for Loki too as if he was one of them, not just the captain’s stuff. He’d thought that this might be the case however he could never have been certain as Loki drank them under the table, fought at their side and then swindled them out of their coins at the next board game.But his thoughts had only a short lifespan, as he was eager to set foot on Asgard’s rotten land.Their plan was simple, short and on point. Rescue Loki.At first, the simple minded Æsir didn’t think anything bad when they neared Asgard, circling around it to watch out for any defences and they must have assumed they were looking for a spot to land their ship.Heimdall did not stop them. While the guardian was an obsessive stalker and had to see everything, he could not read thoughts. Anthony and his crew had stopped by on Asgard a few times, to trade and sell and stock up, nobody thought they would do them any harm.Clearly, it was their fault for thinking Anthony wouldn’t know. That he wouldn’t care. They realised their mistake soon enough.“Let’s give them a taste of Helheim,” Anthony growled, giving signal to land their ship.Usually, he was all about flash and style when it came to raids but not when it was about Loki. They would use the advantage they had for as long as possible and then when their true intentions were discovered for there was no reason for a large group to enter the royal palace, they would reach to their weapons and fight.At first, the Æsir simply let them pass as they walked up the coast, their ship left behind with a few men to get the machine running when they had to depart.Maybe it was the lack of greetings.Maybe it was the fact that they wore their weapons transparently, didn’t hide them away as usual.Or maybe, Odin All-Father had more sense in his cursed head than Anthony had thought; the Einherjar were soon upon them in their golden armour and trying to take them.Anthony and his people would not have that, delighted as they finally drew their weapons and stormed towards the soldiers who were intent on stopping them.There weren’t a lot, Odin must have underestimated their willpower because soon enough, the batch of maybe a dozen soldiers laid at their feet, bl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: 1.000-5.000
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pirates
Space Pirates
Loki Does What Loki Wants (Marvel)
BAMF Tony Stark
Blink and you'll miss it explosion
Prisoner Loki (Marvel)
tony stark to the rescue

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

