Work Text:
 
“Marc.”

If he doesn’t open his eyes, then he doesn’t have to listen. And if he doesn’t have to listen, then he doesn’t have to think about the fact that his name has never sounded as soft as it does in Steven’s mouth. 

“Marc, please.” Steven’s voice is gentle, no more than a whisper. Even with the sounds of the city waking all around him, vendors calling out and traffic rushing by, it was all Marc heard. Like Steven was the center of the goddamn universe. 

“Can we not do this?” The blood on his knuckles is tacky, a few dried flakes falling away when Marc flexes his fingers before he picks up the bottle again. It was the duty free airport special, whatever the hell ended up in his hand the second he stepped up to the shelf. It was getting the job done at least, his stomach swimming with cheap booze and no food, and nowhere near enough sleep. “Can I not have ten minutes of peace to myself?”

It’s a messed up thing to say. Steven had been a sullen reflection in the plane’s window the whole way here, silent and doe eyed. It was enough that Marc had to yank the window cover down to get away from it for a little while. 

Steven wasn’t the one who made him trash the hotel room and put his fist in the mirror. That was all Marc. 

Any time everything went to shit, it was all Marc.

“No. I mean–yes. Yes you can, of course. I only thought you might want a bit of sleep. Before you–we go and try and find…whatever it is we’re here to find, is all.” Out of the corner of his eye, he can see Steven shift, tugging the sheet up further around his shoulders to cocoon himself in it. 

“That’d be great, Steven.” Marc makes an effort to pull some of the edge out of his voice. Yelling at Steven wasn’t going to change this clusterfuck. He reaches up, running a hand through his hair and finally gives in, dropping his head against the side of the bed so that it can loll and look at Steven. “But in case you hadn’t noticed, I can’t sleep.” Marc lifts the bottle still curled in his loose fist, the remaining dregs of the liquid sloshing around in the bottom.

That was the one upside to all of this. As far as Marc could tell, they were just roommates in a body. Steven couldn’t hear what he was thinking, or God forbid, feel what he felt. They talked and they switched and that was it. A nice, neat border on one of the many disasters in Marc’s life. 

“Well yes. I know, I’m not an idiot, I can see that.” Steven sits up a little straighter, the sheet falling from one of his shoulders to pool around his waist. He looked like some kind of statue out of that museum he used to work in, cut from marble and meant to be stared at. 

Thank 

fuck

 they didn’t hear each other think. Marc was a good looking guy, he knew that. And when he looked in the mirror and only saw himself, it was…okay. He was okay. He knew how to clean up, how to look sharp and how to get a girl to pay attention to him. But looking at Steven was different. Looking at Steven, all he could see were the differences. Steven’s eyes were warm. His mouth was always softer, it wasn’t set in a thin line the way Marc’s usually was. He was…fuck it all, he was easy to look at. 

Marc makes a gesture, a little twist of the hand to mean 

sorry, go on

 and follows through the end of it to upend the bottle and down the contents. It makes his stomach feel warm, that heat coiling nicely in his gut. 

“Right. As I was saying. There are…

ways

 to release stress and cause sleep. It’s like the opposite of all the things in my audiobook, yeah? Don’t read, don’t drink coffee, don’t let your mind get focused on something. Just…relax.” Steven pulls in a big, theatrical breath and lets it out from deep in his belly. “See? Like that. 

Relax.

” 

Marc closes his eyes again. He knows Steven means well, but meditation wasn’t going to do the trick tonight. There was no way Marc was going to be able to shut off his thoughts. They were running away from him, and that train had jumped the track hours ago. 

“Or you could have a wank.” Marc’s eyes snap open, and he finds himself face to face with Steven’s guileless expression. “What? It’s completely natural. Everybody does it.” Steven was getting flustered now, lifting up his arms until he could gesture with his hands, the sheet fluttering down past his waist to land on the bed behind him. “Just because I haven’t had a girlfriend in a dog’s age doesn’t mean I don’t tend to my own needs. I’m a man, Marc.”

“I know you are.” It is absolutely the wrong thing to say. Because Marc is letting that genie out of the bottle and he shouldn’t. When he cared about people, they got hurt. Steven being inside of him was no exception to the rule. It just meant Steven would go down in flames with him, whether he wanted to escape or not. 

“Trust me, I know.” The words come out husky, too low in his throat for their intent to be anything but fucking neon. Steven is watching him now, the same way Marc has watched him look at hieroglyphs or cuneiform. Like he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steven Grant/Marc Spector

freeform: 
Mirror Sex
Mutual Masturbation
Dirty Talk
Love Confessions
Dissociative Identity Disorder

fandom: 
Steven Grant/Marc Spector

