Work Text:
-
There were dragons when I was a boy.
-Peter has always loved dragons, his earliest memory of one was of his father's Triple Stryke (Violet, he remembers reading in his father's journal). While the memory itself wasn't his happiest one (the leathery scales pressing into his tiny five year old hands, a quiet and sad trill) he still loved them-
There were great, grim, sky dragons that nested on the cliff-tops like gigantic, scary birds.
-Peter was seven years old when he got his dragon. It was his first time visiting the Hidden World. Sat between his Aunt and Uncle on the back of Bee, high above the clouds where they couldn’t be seen.Toothless was the second dragon he had ever met, the king of dragons had scared him at first, he knows now that the Night Fury would never hurt him. Ash was the third dragon he had ever met, surrounded by other baby dragons the young Death Cutter had tackled him and nearly knocked him down. Peter had left the hidden world like he had come there, sat between his Aunt and Uncle on the back of Bee. But this time holding a Death Song with two pairs of wings.-
Little brown, scuttly dragons that hunted down the mice and rats in well-organized packs.
-Peter was ten years old when he slipped up and mentioned Ash to Ned. It was a dumb slip up, he was talking about his day like he normally did at lunch when he got a too distracted in the drawing he was making and mentioned how Ash was stealing snacks from the cabinets and ambering them to spread around the house. He didn’t notice the slip up for a few minutes until he stopped talking.Ned was staring at him in surprise before repeating what he said about Ash, Peter paused and went pale, he told Ned to not mention it to anyone and that he’ll let him see Ash if he doesn’t-
 Preposterously huge sea dragons that were twenty times as big as the big blue whale.
-Peter was eleven years old when Ned met Ash.Peter had told his aunt and uncle the day when he had slipped up, they were worried if anyone else had overheard but no one else had. They both trusted Ned but it took a while for them to convince the dragons (Bee specifically, Ash had always liked Ned since Peter had told the dragon about him)When Peter told Ned he could meet the dragons (after making sure there was no one around them) Ned had freaked out before Peter calmed him down. Ned’s first reaction to the dragons was, understandably, to freak out. It took the dragons by surprise at first. After he had calmed down the dragons had liked him.It ended up becoming a regular thing for Ned to come over and hang out with Peter and Ash-
Some say that the dragons retreated back into the seas leaving not a bone, nor a fang, for men to remember them by.
-Peter was fourteen years old when he got bitten by a spider.He didn’t mean to, it's just that the door was open and he was supposed to be in the bathroom and he wasn’t going to be in there for long, just a couple of minutes max. Enough time for him to take a quick glance and leave without it being suspicious. Also, it wasn’t really his fault, the door was open and there were no guards or signs that said he couldn’t go in.Inside were spiders, tons of them in different tanks and containers, he took a few pictures (he has to show this to Ned) but as he was leaving he noticed the top of a tank was open a little bit, that could cause one of the spiders to get out so he went to close it when the spider in it leaped out and bit him.Peter jumped back in surprise and shook his hand, he closed the tank and left the room, his arm ached but not much so he ignored it and joined back with the class. -
Others say they were nothing but folktales to begin with... uh, I'm okay with that. 
-Peter was fourteen years old when he watched his uncle die.It had been a normal day, a saturday. He had woken up as normal, it was a few weeks after he had “gotten the flu” and he had been able to control his new powers, which he hadn’t told his aunt and uncle about… but he was planning to! He just wanted to know more about them first.Aunt May couldn't come to lunch because she was taking an extra shift at work so it was just him and Uncle Ben, a new restaurant had recently opened and they decided to eat there. On their way home Peter saw a cat hidden in an alley and had wanted to get some food for it.The screech of a dramilion was heard through the city.-
Legends say that when the ground quakes or lava spews from the earth, it's the dragons letting us know that they're still here, waiting for us to figure out how to get along.
-Peter was fourteen and a half when he became Spider-Man.He said he wouldn’t, he said to himself and Ash and even to Ned that it was a one-time thing, that all he would do is find his uncle’s murderer and turn them in. But ever since he got bit he's heard so much more. And after he found his uncle’s murderer? He felt like he could hear everything. He could hear the person on the top floors music in their headphones, the lady on the corner who trip
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
(Kind of) - Relationship
Peter Parker & Original Character(s)
Dragon characters - Relationship
Peter Parker & Toothless (How to Train Your Dragon)

freeform: 
Dragons
Alternate Universe - Dragons
sorta - Freeform
Peter Parker is related to Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III
Canonical Character Death
It's Ben
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
honestly not fully compliant to any mcu movie
I just pick and choose what to say it canon and ignore any repercussions
Peter Parker has a dragon
also Ben does
or did
May didn't and then did

fandom: 
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
(Kind of) - Relationship
Peter Parker & Original Character(s)
Dragon characters - Relationship
Peter Parker & Toothless (How to Train Your Dragon)

