Work Text:
Two nights ago, I came upstairs to find the Grandmaster and Loki sitting up in bed, fully clothed, talking, so I took my time in the bathroom. Eventually the Grandmaster called my name. “It’s time to come to bed,” he said.
“Yes, Sir,” I called back. I still had to undress and brush my teeth, though, so I did that. Then I found something else I had to do. It didn’t take long, but he was not happy when I finally made it into the bedroom.
By this time, he and Loki had both undressed and gotten back into bed. I stood by the bed, pulling on a flimsy tank top and naughty panties. The Grandmaster looked up at me darkly. “When I call you, I, uh, expect you to come immediately.”
There are those times when his admonishments sound playful at least. This was not one of those times.
“I’m sorry, Grandmaster,” I said and hurried to turn off the light, which I had forgotten to do in my nervousness. When I returned, they moved apart and let me have the middle spot.
The Grandmaster looked at me. “Nope,” he said. “I want you naked.” I moved quickly to bare myself for him.
The Grandmaster raised up on an elbow and placed his warm palm along my cheek, lowering his head and kissing me. He had neglected to remove the blue makeup on his lip and chin. I found the blue on his full bottom lip ridiculously sensual.
Loki took my nipple in his mouth and began teasing it with the tip of his tongue. When the kiss was over, the Grandmaster began playing his hand over my nude body. I could feel his erection against my leg. “I’m having her first,” he said, wasting no time mounting me. “Open wider,” he ordered. I opened my legs for him. I put my palms against his chest, toyed with his erect nipple. As usual, his skin was hot to the touch.
In that moment, I was very aware of the power this man possessed. He looked down at me, and I could see he had heard my thought. “I have absolute power over you,” he purred. “You’d, uh, be wise to remember that.”
“Yes, Grandmaster.”
Loki moved aside as the Grandmaster found my opening with his cock and slid inside me. He gave me a wide, delighted smile. “Mmm…fear makes you so wet,” he said, moving his hips against me. I shivered all over as fear and excitement mingled in a familiar and necessary cocktail.
The Grandmaster lowered his body, pressing himself against the full length of my body while giving me a few tiny, preliminary thrusts, priming my body to take his fucking. I moved my hips against him in response. His intoxicating earthy scent surrounded me, covered me, marked me as his. He placed his lips against my ear and made a purring sound. “Like that, baby?” he asked.
“Yes,” I breathed.
The Grandmaster’s lovemaking is always overwhelming, right from the beginning. And it quickly turns to fucking.
“You’ve been naughty,” he purred as he thrusted into me. “Very, very naughty.” His voice was darkly playful, dripping with suggestiveness. He covered my lips with his and gave me a demanding, probing kiss. I could feel the soft oiliness of the blue makeup smearing my chin. I responded desperately.
The Grandmaster’s every action is a demand for submission. Those who belong to him don’t dare refuse. “You are property,” he said. “And you belong to me.”
I wanted to say, “I belong to Loki too,” but I didn’t dare.
“I’m yours,” I breathed, suddenly aware that Loki was propped on an elbow, watching us while pleasuring himself.
“That’s my good girl,” the Grandmaster said. “I take you when I want, however I want.”
I whimpered at his show of dominance. From there, things got really dark.
“I’m raping you right now,” he said.
A jolt of electricity passed through my body. I became even wetter for him. My breath hitched. I was powerless against this man, and he knew it. After all, most people are.
His thrusting became more forceful. “I’m taking you by force,” he insisted, even though I submitted to him. “If you resist me, I will hold you down and teach you who is in control here.”
It was almost more than I could take. I was already at the edge of climax.
His voice was a low, slinky rumble. “One day soon, I want you to fight me, so I can force you,” he cooed. I could barely stand it.
“Fuck me Grandmaster,” I begged. “Fuck me with your huge cock.”
“Mmm…” he said. “I will gladly fuck you.” He gave me a few extra hard, staccato thrusts to punctuate his words. Then, he began to rotate his hips deliciously. “You love it when I fuck you. You love it when I rape you,” he said, dominating me completely.
That was it. The orgasm started in the pit of my groin and spread all over my body. I cried out as a mix of pain and pleasure overtook me.
“That’s it,” he encouraged. “Come for me.”
“Grandmaster,” I gasped as wave after wave of intense sensation passed through me. I was drowning in pleasure.
“Yes,” he breathed, allowing his own excitement to grow. “Fucking you…ah…fucking you…so good, baby…so good…”
He fucked me relatively hard for a long time, lost in his own pleasure. My body strained to please him. The sound of our hard b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Grandmaster x Loki x OC (writer)

freeform: 
elements of non-con/rape
Consensual Non-Consent
the word "rape" as part of sex talk
Ownership
domination (Grandmaster to OC)
fear as a turn-on
playing with very dark desires
Control

fandom: 
Grandmaster x Loki x OC (writer)

