Chapter 1: When Harry met Loki
    




Chapter Text

I am not JK Rowling, and my last name is not Disney so I do not own Harry Potter or the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) although I do play in their sandboxes

For those who like Norse mythology, enjoy
Everyone still had a tiny part deep inside the human psyche that allowed us to survive the ancient African savannah, including the exalted members stationed on one of SHIELD's premier Helicarrier. That psychological fight-flight response kicked off with a vengeance when a black portal suddenly opened on the bridge, dropping the temperature thirty degrees.Like a dear caught in the headlight of an oncoming car, everyone stopped moving. Many could hardly breathe as they felt that something was coming, primordial and terrifying."Come on, Haraldur, let's find father and tell him the good news." A definite female voice called out unexpectedly from inside the portal."One moment, luv, alright, let's go," a deep male voice replied.Two beings stepped through the portal. The woman wearing a dusky mantle trimmed in red came through first. An ethereal beauty whose bright blue eyes burned with an inner firePushing her stark white hair out of her face, members of SHIELD witnessed half of the beautiful woman turn into a decaying and grotesque corpse. It was only for a moment, but it sent chills down every mortal's spine.The second figure could hardly be seen, cloaked in darkness, but his presence was felt. When asked later, only a few were able to give a description of a young man with messy black hair and glowing green eyes."Why must mortals involve themselves with things that should be left alone," the man sighed, looking up the stairs."Haraldur?"Although many in the room didn't see it, the one called Haraldur, once called Harry Potter, gave his companion a warm smile. "Seems we have to pick up something before talking with your wayward father."Hel, the Norse goddess of death, returned the smile and raised her arm for him to take, which he did so happily."Oh, didn't expect someone to be playing video games." Harry chuckled, looking over at one screen."Shall we be on our way, Haraldur?""Of course," turning to those on the bridge, the Master of Death announced cheerfully, "Carry on."Harry Potter of old would have stared in wonder at the technology surrounding him, but that little boy who once slept under the stairs had long disappeared. After the defeat of the Dark Lord Voldemort, life went on as expected. Or so he hoped.Working as an Auror and getting married to his childhood sweetheart were all within his grasp. That was until a young man who lost his parents to Death Eaters decided it had been Harry's fault for not defeating Voldemort quick enough.He and his girlfriend had been eating lunch at Hogsmeade Village when a green spell hit him in the back of the head. The people in the pub were quick to subdue the wizard who cast the killing curse. What they didn't expect was for their savior to sit back up.It seemed as if the magical world turned on him again, much as it had done throughout his school years. Eventually, it became too much when even his friends appeared uncomfortable around him.Those who witnessed the murder inside the Three Broomsticks felt as if something had changed in the room when those green eyes opened again. Something dark, cold, and it scared them.Cries of Harry being the next Dark Lord, to whatever woke up on the floor was someone else appeared in the newspapers. Deciding to leave England, he traveled the world, visiting ancient sites and studying magic. He soaked up knowledge like fish to water, from ancient Mayan magic in the Americas to rituals taught by African shamans and even Onmyōdō magic in Japan.When Harry returned home, he found that his friends had moved on. But one thing that he did not do was age. Glamours worked for a while, but eventually, he was found out, and once again, cries of him being a Dark Lord followed him everywhere.He had enough.Apparating into the Ministry took no effort, and the Master of Death took a familiar path to the Department of Mysteries. However, a few brave Aurors confronted him, but their spells failed. Even one he once called a friend, his red hair standing out, stood in his way. But he had no time for them. Those who crossed his path felt as if death was judging them, and most fled in panic."Are you alright, my love?" Hel said softly as the pair continued to make their way towards where Loki was kept."Old memories remind me that mortals fear what they do not understand."Hel stopped, looking very serious, and said, "Well, I am scared of you, terrified even."Harry laughed, then kissed his betrothed on the nose. "I'm sure."Those who knew her would be shocked when the goddess of death giggled and snuggled up to her beloved. Someone who also understood betrayal and loneliness."Ahh, this must be the place," Harry stopped before a door.Thor, the god of lightning and storms, had almost stumbled when the portal opened
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
