Work Text:

You take a deep breath in, preparing yourself for the trial ahead. You are nervous, but you feel confident in your skills.


You carefully start inscribing the required symbols on the wooden floor with your chalk, checking the book in your hand to be sure you are writing them correctly.

 You finish writing and step back, scanning the symbols for any errors. Finding none, you smile and step back further, almost to the back of the room.

 You bend down and start drawing a large chalk circle around the symbols. By the time you are done, the circle spans almost the entire room. After you are finished, you check your book once more to ensure you haven’t messed up any part of the process. 

Finding that you haven't, you flip to a new page and start reading. The strange, otherworldly words roll off your tongue like music, the unnatural sounds filling the air.

 You had been worried about this part, concerned you wouldn’t be able to pronounce the words, but now that you were speaking them, you realize your fears had been unfounded. The words were strange and at first glance, they looked unpronounceable, but when you started speaking, your mind somehow instinctively recognized them and your mouth was somehow able to utter them without issue.

 As you spoke, you can see wisps of light gray smoke begin to waft up from the floorboards, even though nothing was burning. The smoke thickened, spreading around the circle, until the whole bottom of the circle was concealed. 

The smoke was trying to get out of the enclosed space, but it was stopped by the edges of the circle, an invisible barrier that you knew wouldn’t let anything escape, not even the smallest wisp of smoke. 

As you watch, the smoke darkens, turning a dark crimson red color. The room you were in starts shaking, the various items on shelves trembling and shuddering in response to some unknown force. You take a small step back from the circle, frightened. 

You want to stop, but you know you can’t, not after you have gotten this far. The words feel like ash in your mouth, but you continue speaking.

 The smoke in the circle was now filling the space, towering above you in a tall column. You can see hazy shapes forming inside. The tip of a black horn, the feather of a wing, and two glowing red eyes.

 You finish reading and close the book, eager to see the creature you had summoned. 

The smoke dissipated, leaving behind a large figure. It had wrapped itself in its large, red wings, with two twisted horns protruding from its head. You stare in wonder, hardly able to believe you had succeeded. 

The creature lifts its head from inside its wings and unfurls them. The wings are massive and missing feathers in places, but they are beautiful. They shimmer with numerous shades of red and black. 

You have never seen anything like them before, but their beauty pales in comparison to the creature that possesses them. 

She is tall and imposing, her face sharp and angular. She opens her eyes and stares at you. You gasp in awe at her beautiful black eyes, shimmering like stars. They are glowing a bright red, but as you watch, the glow slowly fades until her eyes are solid black.

 She looks almost human, but something warns you that she is most assuredly not. There is something in the angles of her face that broadcast danger and unnaturalness. 

Despite this, you take a step forward, drawn by her exquisite beauty. You stop yourself from moving further forward, your extensive research warning you not to step into the circle. You know that if you did so, you would be easy prey for the being inside.


Looking up at her face, you find her looking back at you. You swallow nervously, feeling small under her piercing stare. 

You clear your throat and speak, albeit with a shaking voice. 
“I charge you to reveal your name,” you say. 

She narrows her eyes slightly, but, powerless to the demand, she replies. 

“My name is Wanda, mortal.” 

You smile, glad to have a name for this beautiful being before you. “Hello, Wanda. We’re going to have quite the time together.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Female Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Demons
Demon Summoning
Demon/Human Relationships
POV reader
BAMF Wanda Maximoff
Attraction
Demon Wanda Maximoff
human reader
Love at First Sight

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Female Reader

