Work Text:

You leaned against the wall as you twisted the champagne glass in between your fingers. Your boyfriend was currently flirting with Maria Hill, obviously unaware that she was very much into women. Resting your head against the wall, you knew what was going to happen the next day. A text on your phone, reading, “Sorry, this just isn’t working out.”


Your relationships never worked out. You always found there was some conflict. The Avengers needed too much of your time, or your PTSD stopped them from connecting with you, you were too cold, too needy, too shallow, too analyzing… There was someone who was always a better fit for your partners, male or otherwise.


And then he started dancing with someone else. You supposed they were a friend to someone, because you had never seen them around. All the things you weren’t, you downed the rest of your champagne. As you set the glass down, a hand grabbed your wrist.


Looking at the woman gripping your wrist, you looked into the forest-green eyes of Natasha Romanoff. Her red-painted lips curved into a smile as she leaned down, her lips ghosting on the shell of your ear. 


“I could be a better boyfriend than him,” Natasha murmured. A shiver wracked your spine as you fully realized what she had said. Everything that had happened in the past few months finally clicked into place.



You punched at the kickboxing bag in front of you. A mental chant sat in the back of your head. One, two, kick. One, two, uppercut. As you swung out again, a soft touch made you stiffen, finally aware of another presence in the training room.




A soft voice whispered in your ear, “Shift your stance.”




Natasha slowly adjusted your hips, showing you how to add more power into your stance. While you knew she was trying to help, there was something so… obviously seductive about the way she showed you. Lingering touches on your hips, the “good girl” uttered quietly, the soft continuing touches on your arm…




And then there was the kiss she pressed to your cheek before you left. You couldn’t help the blush that spread across your face in the weeks to come.



You tried to keep your cool. “He’s a great boyfriend.”


Her eyes glittered in amusement as a few pieces of her hair slipped from behind her ears. “I could do the shit that he never did.”


“Natasha…” you said, as you tugged your wrist from her grip. “Please don’t mess with me. I don’t need that right now.”


“

Detka…

” she whispered, leaning closer to you. You could practically taste the cocktail Natasha was so fond of making. “I’ve been dropping hints for weeks. I thought you were a tactical agent.”


“Not for love,” you scoffed. “Besides, I just came out as bisexual. I didn’t think anyone would drop hints that fast.”


“Pity,” she murmured, somehow even closer.


You tilted your head up towards hers, her lips ghosting over yours. “It’s a bad idea to get involved with me.”


“Everything we do is a bad idea,” she whispered before cupping your face and pulling you into a kiss.


Your hands gripped onto her wrists as your eyes slipped closed. The kiss was everything you had been looking for, the ones that the romance novels you had read talked about. It was fireworks, it was the ocean crashing over you, it was passion and romance and overwhelming.


She pulled away, a grin toying at the edges of her smile. “I don’t think I need to tell you twice all the ways he can’t suffice.”


You couldn’t help your own smile that was spreading across your face. “I don’t need to tell you all the ways you’re better than him.”


Another song played on the dance floor and you almost started laughing at the irony that was presented to you.



If I could give you some advice, I’d leave with me tonight.



“I swear I didn’t plan it,” Natasha said, shaking her head. You looked at Tony, who was currently messing with the music. He winked at you before he moved off to talk to someone else. You sighed.


“He likes to meddle too much.”



The universe must have divined this.



Natasha took your hand in hers, the warm presence against yours reminding you of what just happened. A giggle slipped through your lips as you came to the full realization that Natasha Romanoff, Avenger and professional badass, had kissed you.



Ladies first, baby, I insist.



You looked at her and decided to take the situation into your own hands. “Come home with me.”


“Your… boyfriend isn’t going to cause a fuss?” Natasha asked, clearly trying to figure out what was going to happen.


“No,” you said, watching him tug another woman out the door, heading to his own apartment. “I think him and I are done.”


“He didn’t deserve you anyway,” Natasha murmured.


You shrugged. “He didn’t understand the way we have to live our life so everyone else can have theirs. It’s why he and I didn’t last… and why you and I will.”



Thinking I’m gonna steal you from him.



As she kissed you one last time, you couldn’t help but think maybe it was a good thing your boyfriend couldn’t con
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader

freeform: 
Drabble
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Feels
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Implied/Referenced Cheating
Reader-Insert
Gender-Neutral Pronouns
Awkward Romance
avenger!reader
The Author Regrets Everything
No beta I die like Loki
No Plot/Plotless
No Spoilers
I'm Sorry
Oops
Based on a song

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader

