Chapter 1: Before I Knew
    




Chapter Text
Okay, so maybe I should’ve vetted my new housemates a bit more closely. But, in my defense, that rent was fucking irresistible. And it’s not like they were murderers or anything. Just, well, a bunch of pornstars.***I’d moved in a few months ago, mostly out of desperation. I needed a place to stay, and they had an available room in a beautiful house, which was practically impossible to find anywhere near New York. I jumped at the chance.All they told me was that they had a small film company together. I chose not to press it; when I asked if I knew any of their stuff, they just answered “probably not”, and we all left it at that.But then, one night, I got bored and decided to have a bit of alone time. I wasn’t someone who watched porn often, but that night I felt like it. I ignored the ‘home page’, instead going straight for the search bar.
Bondage
Okay, so yeah, I hadn’t tried it in real life, but I liked the videos. Who could blame me?I slowly scrolled down, looking for something that seemed interesting.

The Winter Solider ties up & fucks his target

Who the fuck is the Winter Soldier? What kind of pornstar name is that? I had to admit, though, my curiosity was piqued; I tapped on the video.
A man with a shining, plated silver prosthetic arm stalked through a forest. The camera cut to a girl with brown hair; her face wasn’t visible as she ran down a path, breathing heavy. The camera cut back, this time showing the man’s face; it was covered by a black mask. Only his eyes were visible, shaded by dark hair that flowed around his face.
I wondered briefly if I’d watched a video with him before, since his face seemed so familiar, but brushed it off. I would’ve recognized that name. Besides, just because I knew one guy that had a metal arm doesn’t mean anything.
The man was approaching the woman; she was now visible in the far background of a shot showing his back. She was running, but he was still gaining on her. He gave a low growl.
I shivered, slowly slipping my hand under my waistband.
He caught up with her. No words were exchanged; instead, she was immediately forced onto her knees. One of the man’s hands quickly worked his pants open.
“Holy shit,” I breathed. This ‘Winter Soldier’ dude was fucking hung.
The woman opened her jaw, and he fucked her mouth roughly. Her hands, placed gently on his thighs, moved back and forth with his hips. She moaned around him; he answered with a deep groan of pleasure as she took him all the way down. His metal hand held her there for several seconds before releasing her; when she was finally allowed to pull away, she was gasping for breath, lines of saliva connecting them.

The man picked up the woman. The screen crossfaded; they were in a small, dark apartment now. He threw her onto the bed, securing her arms and legs with black leather cuffs.

“Let me see you while you fuck me, please, soldier,” the woman begged.

The man reached up and took off his mask.
I gasped and threw my phone across the room. No way. No. Fucking. Way.The Winter Soldier was my housemate, James Barnes, who we all affectionately called Bucky.And I’d just started masturbating to a video of him.I scrambled over to my phone and picked it up. Almost scared of what I was going to find, I tapped on the search bar again.
The Winter Soldier
Video after video, all of my housemate. Men, women, threesomes, orgies, any category I could think of and some I’d never even heard of.
What. The. Fuck.
***I had no idea who to talk to. Did my other housemates know about this? They said they worked together but maybe this was a side gig. Maybe I’d uncovered his dark secret.
There’s no way Matthew knows. He’s blind. He’d never find out. I’ll talk to Matt.
Matt’s room was closest to the top of the stairs, mostly for ease of access. I took a deep breath before walking over and knocking on his door.“Come on in, Hunter,” he called from inside.
How did he know it was me?
I opened the door slowly. Matt’s room was freakishly neat, although I supposed it made sense considering he needed to be organized in order to find what he was looking for.“What can I help you with?” Matt asked from his bed.“I- uh-” I closed the door behind me. “Promise no judgement?”Matt crossed himself. “I promise.”“So I was, uh, I was looking at PornHub last night, and, well- I found- um- IfoundabunchofvideosofBucky.” The last words came out in a rush.“Say that again, slower?”“I was looking at PornHub and found a bunch of videos of Bucky.”To my shock, Matt simply smiled. “Hunter, darling, do you know what our film company actually does?”I shook my head. “You never specified, so I didn’t ask.”“Do me a favor and look up Marvel Studios.”Confused, I did as he asked, typing the words into my browser.

Marvel Studios is an adult film company that focuses mainly on kink-oriented, sometimes fantasy narratives.

No. Fucking. Way.“You-”“Work for a porn company, yes. I’m honestly surprised you didn’t know earlier.”I didn’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Matt Murdock/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Pornstars
Alternate Universe - Porn
Porn
Dom/sub
Switching
everyone is a switch
Switch Peter Parker
Switch Bucky Barnes
Switch Matt Murdock
Switch Steve Rogers
Switch Loki (Marvel)
Switch Tony Stark
Switch Wade Wilson
Switch Wanda Maximoff
Switch Natasha Romanov
Switch Reader
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Except not the avengers because it's a porn company
Alternate Universe - Roommates/Housemates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Matt Murdock/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader

