Work Text:
As soon as they arrived at the Malibu Mansion, Steve got to setting up the house for their stay, and made Tony head straight to their bedroom so he could begin nesting. Most of the house had already been prepared, and all Steve had to do was stock the huge bags of their favorite food that they had gone shopping for in the pantry. By the time Steve was done and he headed to their room, Tony had finished their nest, and it was the most beautiful nest he had seen. “Sweetheart, this is beautiful…” Steve admired as he joined his omega in the nest. Tony crept closer, finding himself surrounded by his alpha’s warmth, “You like it?” he grinned. “Sweetheart, I love this…” Steve murmured, tucking his omega’s head under his chin, “I love everything you create.” Tony laid his arm around Steve’s torso, and the scent of apple pie and cinnamon, with a slight hint of pine, hit his senses, making him sigh contentedly as he cuddled closer to his alpha. They spent most of the next week simply holding each other close, no matter what they did, whether it was simply relaxing by the pool, or watching television. Steve left Tony alone only when strictly necessary, like getting the food delivery from the door. Of course, Tony would even complain during those thirty seconds without any remorse whatsoever. Nearly a week later, Steve woke up to a stronger than usual scent of chocolate and vanilla, mixed in with a slight hint of roses, and he smiled to himself, looking at his precious omega, who would be in heat soon. He was getting warmer too, which meant it wouldn’t be long now. Tony woke up soon, feeling the beginnings of his heat creeping in. He felt his alpha’s smile before he even opened his eyes, and it was such a pure and beautiful feeling. Of course, that didn’t last very long before the omega’s hormones took over his urges. Steve simply lay on the extremely soft cushions, letting his omega take control the way he wanted. Clothes flew all over the room, and within minutes, Tony was fully naked, straddling his alpha and running his hands all over his chest, exploring every ridge on his stomach. Tony was just about to get Steve’s underwear off, but the alpha stopped him, “Sweetheart, I need to wait until you’re fully in heat,” he took his hands, pulling him close so their foreheads touched, “You’re so pretty,” he grinned. “You’re sexy,” Tony giggled, brushing his lips against Steve’s. He began grinding his hips against Steve’s washboard abs, reveling in the friction it produced. His hands trailed down his alpha’s thick neck back to the hard, bulging, muscular pecs, fingers running through the soft hair. He found the pert pink nipples, and he leaned in to brush one of them with his lips before he bit down on it, making the alpha groan. Steve’s hands found their way to Tony’s back, running over the corded muscles there, feeling their way up into the omega’s beautiful hair. The wet heat of his omega’s mouth on his nipples felt out of this world, especially with the atmosphere in the room being so sultry from Tony’s impending heat. He could feel his deepest, animalistic, alpha urges roaring in his subconscious, waiting to be released. The need to breed his omega, to fill him up with his babies, was steadily taking over him. Tony pulled away from Steve, straddling his abs once again, and Steve ran his fingers down his omega’s chest and abs, only the slightest ghost of a touch. His hands went over to Tony’s hips, his grip strong enough to leave bruises there. Tony’s hips began moving once again with his alpha’s hands, his entrance rutting against Steve’s rock-hard abs. He began rutting faster, his pussy dripping slick as he smeared it all over his alpha’s chest. Steve just loved it when they both made a mess. It wasn’t long after that Tony came with a whimper, soaking his alpha’s chest in his slick and come, and some of it even flew into his beard. The omega was left panting as Steve settled him onto the cushions. They both cuddled for a while before Tony fell asleep. The next time Tony woke up, his heat had fully set in, and Steve had to pinch himself every five minutes because his omega needed to eat something before getting down to business. The omega wasn’t any better, constantly trying to climb him like a ladder as his alpha tried to feed him. There was a point Tony almost threw the pizza at the wall, almost. When all else was done and dusted, Steve climbed into bed, fully naked, and Tony did not waste a single moment to pull him in, hard enough that Steve practically fell on top of him. He pressed their lips together in a bruising kiss, making even the alpha groan at his excitement. “Omega…” Steve rumbled, making Tony still in his tracks with the alpha voice. Tony let out a low whimper as his body went slack, and Steve took over the kiss, nipping and biting down on his omega’s lips like his life depended on it. After leaving Tony gasping for breath from his thoroughly, Steve decided to finally trail kisses along his j
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Oral Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Nesting
Established Relationship
Domestic Bliss
Steve Rogers' Monster Cock
Hairy Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

