Work Text:
When Taweret had allowed the two men to be resurrected within the mortal world after purging their souls, she had opened a portal at the other end of the hospital. Without thinking twice, they had started to run as quickly as possible. The portal between the two worlds wouldn't last very long. Marc Spector ran slightly faster. The task wasn’t easy. The places rocked, as if they were on a boat. All his clothes were now damp with sweat. However, he managed his breath much better than his sidekick and had taken a slight lead. He wanted to find their body back. Find Khonshu. Find Layla.So when he saw Steven suddenly stop a meter away from the gigantic luminous and purple portal, he stopped in turn, almost tripping. Frowning, he turned to his Alter."Come on Steven, we don't have much time!" He growled between his teeth, stress overwhelming him. Now was not the time for an argument.Steven had his eyes wide open on the portal, his mouth slightly parted and his hair flying in all directions against the current of air it caused. He swallowed before looking at Marc in turn. He looked lost in thought."Leave me here."“What?!” he cried, swinging his arms in the air in confusion.The Brit started to take a few steps back. “Khonshu said it! I'm just a burden!"“Steven-!” He sighed loudly, glancing anxiously at the portal. It could disappear at any moment. He started to walk in his partner’s direction.He softened as he felt Steven's hands grip his shoulders firmly. The man looked straight into his eyes. "It's now or never. Go through the portal and do your duty. You do not need me. Layla and Khonshu are in great danger and they need you-““Then we’re both dying.” Spector cut him off, not showing the slightest doubt on his face.Steven, looked at him confused. His heart panicked at the idea of seeing Marc Spector dying definitively. It wasn't something he wanted to consider. Never.“NO!" He exclaimed when his brain imagined Marc's inert body, looking at him with a painful gaze.Marc took the opportunity to grab his hand in his. If he was surprised at first by the strength of his grip, he was then instantly relaxed when he felt the softness of his skin. The mercenary pulled him towards the portal and he didn't even have time to blink when he found himself thrown against his will into a colored tunnel that sucked him in. ___ Going through the portal was a terribly strange feeling. Steven had felt a powerful retching when he felt his body shaking in all directions before feeling himself falling into the void at high speed. He screamed using all the strength of his lungs. The adrenaline he had felt at that moment had been insurmountable. His body ended up hitting hard against a sandy hill, right in the middle of the Egyptian desert.Fuck. Was the only thing he could think of. A big migraine and violent aches crossed him. After a few seconds, he heard the echo of Marc's cries which approached him before he too fell, a few inches away, lifting a ton of sand into the air before falling back on Steven's clothes.The latter somehow lifted himself up using his forearms to look around. There was absolutely nothing around them. Sand as far as the eye can see. And a multitude of stars which were the only sources of light in this deep night. His gaze met that of Marc, fallen beside him on his back. He too had straightened up thanks to his arms.The curls of his hair, damp from the effort, fell over his eyes. He found himself feeling the urge to run his hand over Marc's forehead and push them away. But he restrained himself and quickly looked away. Luckily for Steven's red cheeks, it was dark. Bloody handsome, he thought.To clear his head, he decided to get into a sitting position, cross-legged.Marc had taken the time to collect himself before imitating the Brit and sitting down beside him, while running his hands over his clothes to remove the sand. Even if he pretended the opposite, Steven observed the slightest of his actions out of the corner of his eye.The duplication of their bodies was all new to him. But being able to touch his Alter was something he never thought possible, and he didn't know when he’ll have the opportunity to feel his physical presence next to him again.Maybe never.Did he necessarily need to have a near-death experience to really be able to face Marc again?The feeling was becoming addictive. He hadn't realized that he was now staring intently at the superhero’s face as he pondered the idea of one day intentionally injuring himself badly just to have the opportunity to hug Marc, once again.“OK. I think we’re dead.” Marc said suddenly, raising his head towards Steven.“Perfect.” He whispered as his gaze fell on Marc's hands. Powerful. Solid. They had the power to inflict death on anyone but also to cause pleasant chills. How could they-“Excuse me?” Marc asked, raising his eyebrows, not sure if he heard him correctly.Steven jolted and turned his head to the sky. Let’s look at the stars. Stars are great. “’Doesn't lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steven Grant/Marc Spector

freeform: 
Almost Kiss
Internal world
Seductive Marc
Flirting
Frustration
Teasing
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Alters In Love
Near Death Experiences

fandom: 
Steven Grant/Marc Spector

