Work Text:
Wade is currently coming down from his last manic episode. Yesterday ended with a forced suicide nap and he thankfully hadn't woken up to an excruciating migraine and a head half healed, but that doesn't make him any less exhausted. 
He managed to go through his day like normal. Less joke-y and more kill-y than usual, but it comes with the whole... brain blasting thing. And he let out his tension with the only jobs he took today― thankfully, he didn't need to pull his punches.
So now, Wade's back home getting rid of last night's silly little mistakes. He should've thought about it before blowing his skull open, there's shit (literally, and piss!) all over his bed.
Once he's content knowing at least he didn't need to buy a new mattress yet, he puts on a VHS tape of his favorite movie to distract himself. He has no one close to him anymore, and it was obviously taking a toll on him. Plus he hated seeing Shiklah like this, though he knew she'd be a hell of a distraction. He deserves to be alone, anyway. Better for anyone involved, himself included, not having to deal with anyone being pissed off with him for something he most-likely did do. He just needed to keep to himself.
But... fuck, was he lonely. He was sitting on his couch trying to pretend he could have a normal night in, without hiring any "Ladies Of The Night" and paying them triple their fee to at least have them pretend they weren't repulsed by his looks. That shit normally didn't bother him too much, but today wasn't one of those days, was it?
And, as numb as he felt, as desperate as he was desperate to feel something— anything— today he has a "date" out of the country tomorrow and he doesn't get to take a 15 hour suicide nap again, so beating his dick will have to do.
Wade sighed and looked down at himself, moving to push down his pants and expose his cock, which wasn't even close to interested in what was happening, spit on his hand and held himself.
Squeezing and pulling at himself, he took his pants off entirely and  played with his testicles, waiting for his cock to respond.
"Nada." Nearly felt okay, and that isn't good enough.
Right then, he got a bit of a nutsy idea, which shocked him. He'd tried all sorts of crazy shit before, and they involved a crazy, sadistic, demon wife who cuts his balls off at punishment for petty misunderstandings!
But this? Wade took a second to glance at his Colt and really thought about it for a couple seconds before deciding, fuck it. What's the worse that could happen?
Wade took the weapon and shot 3 times through his left palm.
"FUCK!", panting, he thinks maybe he'd finally lost it and it's just showing now through other areas of his life and not just work and relationships.
"Fuck." he frowns and throws his head back for a moment before looking at the hole in his hand again. Then he realizes it worked.
His cock is half hard already,
"From the adrenaline. Definitely the adrenaline," he tells himself, because it's happened before when he's working. Gets hard to ignore, and the sexual innuendos flow out way easier because of them. He touches the inside of his hand, hissing silently at he takes out shards of broken bone. 
As alone as obviously is, he can't help but feeling like he's being watched and he feels shame through his veins, but not nearly enough to stop his intrusive thoughts to continue winning tonight, though.
He holds his cock up with his good hand, pumping it a few times and letting out a groan in relief, before holding it up straight and letting his wounded hand down and rub against his head. Wade whimpered, for once scared (if only for a moment) of the pain and the pleasure he might put himself through, but he lets himself go.
With his heavy panting and hissing, he bites his lip to muffle himself as he let his cock go through his hand fully, letting out a low guttural sound. He uses his free hand slide to get a knife from his pants and grips it to press it down against his leg, maybe to distract himself from the pain with more pain.
He can feel his hand regenerating around his cock and it's getting tighter, and he can't deny the tightness of his hand and the warmness from his own blood feels incredible. At some point while pumping his dick with an open wound he knows what's getting him off is in fact how painfully delicious and disgusting everything about this feels. Out of all the things he enjoys doing, he honestly believes this should simply not be one of them. He has morals! He can tell right from wrong, as much as he loves blurring the line but this is fucked up. And he loves it.
His moans fill in an otherwise quiet apartment, the movie he was watching ended a while ago. He feels his bones scratching on the side of his length, letting out a few curses, "It's like I'm face fucking a virgin," making himself chuckle. He uses his good hand to play with the head and starts muttering gibberish as he gets closer to finishing.
He pulls his hand up on his cock and starts fucking his cock to i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Mentions of Suicide
Self-Harm
I think... but make it kinky?
Self-Hatred
Blood
Gore
Masturbation
Listen I'm bad at tags but know this one is kinda fucked up
Short One Shot
One Shot
Porn With Plot
but just a bit

fandom: 
None
