Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Subject A396420
Civilian Name: Avan Crowley
Date of Admittance: 3/2/20XX
 
Test 1: Distance.
Subject was asked to activate power 2B. Subject complied with some encouragement, and effectively made a copy of itself. Copy A was left at Facility C29 in North America. Copy B dissipated 4,200km from A.
 
...
 
“Are you positive about this?”
 
“Of course I am. Why? Are you not?”
 
“We’re entering unknown territory. Their territory to be exact. Who knows what waits for us?”
 
“Perhaps you overthink.”
 
“Or, get this, maybe I think the normal amount and you  underthink . Kind of ironic for an ‘America’s smartest.’” 
 
“First part wrong, second part sort of right. In case I might remind you I am not only America’s smartest in generations, but also richest. If you’d like to still have a home under my roof, I’d suggest you stop doubting me.”
 
“Yeah, okay Tony.” Banner says non-committedly. He wasn’t one for arguments, despite what most people might think, and decided to end it before it really started.
 
Tony crossed his arms, a smug look on his face. Satisfied at every victory, no matter how small.
 
Banner rolled his eyes and sighed, “so, where exactly are we going again.”
 
“Arkansas, the natural state, to the middle of nowhere.”
 
The non-green version of the scientist leaned back into his seat and stared up at the roof of the plane, wondering why he agreed to this.
 
It was early summer, the grass was green and so were the trees. The Quinn jet landed in the middle of an open field, dotted with wildflowers. Trees bordered the field in every direction, the wind rustling the leaves. It was breezy, offering a small relief from the relentless sun. Banner and Tony stepped out of the Quinjet, into the open air. Banner nervously wrapped his arms around himself. Confident as ever, Tony had his hands in his pockets, comfortably in his Civilian clothes. 
 
“Where’s the suit? You’re not gonna bring the suit?” Banner asked nervously. He knew he was being brought in as a sort of last resort, with Thor somewhere off-world, Natasha on a separate mission, and Barton MIA.
 
“Nope. The suit would only threaten her, which is the last thing we want.” Stark said casually, as if that wasn’t problematic at all and brilliant reasoning.
 
“What if she is threatened, what would we do then?”
 
“That’s what you’re for,” Tony said with a not-very-reassuring reassuring smile. He gave Banner a friendly pat on the shoulder as he started for the forest that surrounded the field in a seemingly random direction. Banner watched Tony walk for a second, staring in disbelief, before stumbling after him.
 
…
 
Banner was only kind of sure what they were there for. Tony simply told him to be ready and on the jet in 15 minutes, and that they were going on a field trip. Only once Bruce had been taken a couple hours away from the Avengers Compound did Tony finally reveal their plan. The we’re looking for a new recruit of unknown origins. All they knew is that there had been a dozen reports of them being spotted in this forest, and chasing off any who came near 
 
They’d been walking through the forest for about 30 minutes now, and he was sure he’d have like 3 ticks by the time they got back on the jet. They’d had to walk through a thorn patch, not noticing it until they were in the middle of it. Banner wondered briefly how close they were to this stranger’s home, and how accommodating they were to guests. Considering how deep they were in the forest, either they were lost and nowhere near their territory, or they at least heard people out. 
 
The billionaire’s fancy suit pants were already slightly torn around the ankles from the thorns, not meant for the sharp treatment.Truthfully, Tony had started sweating underneath his blazer about 10 minutes ago, but refused to swallow his pride and take it off. He had to look prestigious for his first introduction, after all. Banner wore simple clothes, a dress shirt, favoring sleeves, and blue jeans. To him, it didn’t matter what he wore as it would probably get ripped eventually from the uneasy transition to the Hulk.
 
Tony had told Banner that they were scouting for a new recruit, with unknown powers, and he had tracked them down to Chester, Arkansas.
 
Tony stopped in the middle of the forest, so abruptly that Banner who was following close behind nearly bumped into him. They’d been walking silently, and Tony stayed quiet. Curious, Banner peaked around Stark’s shoulder and his brow raised at the sight in front of him.
 
A small cottage couldn't have had more than two rooms, ivy covering its walls more than anything else. A pretty garden that looked well-kept bordered one side of the quaint home, filled with various herbs like thyme and rosemary. Smoke rose from the chimney, and the front door, as well as all of the windows, were open. 
 
“Is this.. where we’re supposed to be?” Banner asked, hesitant. 
 
Tony took a couple seconds to respond. “Probably.” He said, simply, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Original Character(s)
makes no sense
oneshots that might turn into a story

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Original Character(s)

