Chapter 1: Why Use Serious Titles When
    




Chapter Text

“You know, I never thought that you were the ugliest princess of Atlantica-” the latest clown that your father wanted you to marry commented. 

“Then why are you bringing it up?” You asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Well I just wanted to let you know that I’m not like the other members of my family, I happen to see past… the exterior.” he waved all over your body, and you frowned.

“What exactly are you implying?” you snapped.

“Princess, I mean no ill will, it’s just that being… your size.” He stammered. 

You rolled your eyes, they were all the same, judging you by the shape of your body before they even knew a thing about you. You sighed as you got up, your midnight blue tail flicked irritably. The man got up.

“I didn’t mean it like that, no please Princess!” you slammed the door in front of his face. 

“I apologize for my cousin, he can be… thick-headed. You’re Princess Y/N?” a woman asked, swimming in front of you.

“I am,” you said curtly. 

“I’m Lady Theadora of the Gulfamexaconias.” She kissed your hand and winked, you scoffed.

“Another suitor?” you asked.

“I wouldn’t think of it like that, I heard of the eldest Atlantian daughter, her sharp tongue unmatched by all as well as her voice that could calm a raging hurricane and cause men to dive into the sea with madness, and I just had to hear it for myself,” she smirked.

“Well, am I everything you hoped for?” you asked.

“So far, yes you are. I passed by your garden, it’s quite beautiful, do you mind giving me a tour?” she asked.

“THEA! How dare you-” the man that you were trying to get away from burst out of the room, fuming. You forgot his name… you didn’t need to remember it. 

“I would love to.” You smiled as you offered your arm, Theadora took it and you led her outside towards the gardens, you caught your father out of the corner of his eye, watching you skeptically. You fought back a frown, you didn’t want to deal with him today, even though you were eventually going to later tonight. 

Theadora was… fine. There was nothing special about her, you suppose that if it came down to it, she would be one of your first picks. You led her back to her chambers and she trailed her finger down your arm.

“Are you sure that you don’t want to come in with me?” she purred, you gave a small smile and shook your head.

“I apologize, but I must decline. My father and I need to discuss some things,” you explained.

“Very well… my door is always open.” She gave you a quick kiss on the cheek as she went into her room. As soon as she was out of earshot, you exhaled. 

“Let’s get this over with,” you muttered as you swam into your father's throne room, he was staring at a huge shell, which was carved in such a way to show a map of Atlantica, as well as the land that met it. Several of his military officers let you in next to him. 

“The humans run on trade routes, and many of the routes are on our oceans, and the increase in population is causing the humans to get more desperate.” Your father muttered.

“A coral reef was just destroyed by those blasted fishing nets, we’re still helping citizens recover.” a military officer added, you sighed.

“And this is why we need the full might of the seven seas, my daughter, have you finally decided on a suitor?” Your father asked, looking down on you. You hated it when he did that, you were 35, and even though he may be 260 years old, you were still considered to be an adult.

“No, I have not,” you answered. The room fell silent.

“Everyone please leave… I need to speak to my daughter privately,” he ordered, no one objected. You sighed as you turned to face him.

“We need you to marry one of the nobility from the Gulfamexaconias, they’re the final kingdom needed to secure our alliance to destroy the humans.” your father reminded you.

“I am well aware of that, but I don’t see why we have to go to war with the humans.”

Your father scoffed, but you continued.

“They don’t even know that we exist, we’re simply legends and fairytales up there. What if they don’t know the harm that they’re causing?” 

“I do wish you would stop bringing this argument up.” 

“I’ve seen some of the human creations, I believe that we can learn some things from them, and they from us. If a war could be prevented, then why don’t we spare the lives and at least try?” you pleaded.

“Do you remember what they did to your mother? To your two older sisters?” Your father asked, and you stayed silent.

“They harpooned your mother, and they tied her onto the cursed bow of their ship as some trophy.” He spat.

“Not all humans are-” you started.

“And your sisters, suffocated by their wicked fishing nets? And don’t forget the countless number of our subjects who are slaughtered and served to them on a silver platter, they must be wiped out!” your father got more worked up, and you sighed. You knew what they had done to your mother and your sisters, you knew the dangers. But why wouldn’t your father at 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Olivia Octavius/Reader
Olivia Octavius/Original Female Character(s)
Otto Octavius/Reader
Otto Octavius/Original Female Character(s)
Otto Octavius & Reader
Otto Octavius & Original Female Character(s)
Otto Octavius & Other(s)
Otto Octavius/Olivia Octavius/Reader

freeform: 
I dunno if i'm doing a love triangle yet
Eh we'll see what happens
Alternate Universe - The Little Mermaid Fusion
Little Mermaid Elements
Inspired by The Little Mermaid (1989)
Fairy Tale Retellings
alternative universe
Little Mermaid Retelling
disaster bisexual
the inherent eroticism of being doc ock
three idiots one braincell
I'll come up with more tags later
Age Difference

fandom: 
Olivia Octavius/Reader
Olivia Octavius/Original Female Character(s)
Otto Octavius/Reader
Otto Octavius/Original Female Character(s)
Otto Octavius & Reader
Otto Octavius & Original Female Character(s)
Otto Octavius & Other(s)
Otto Octavius/Olivia Octavius/Reader

