Work Text:
They leave him for dead, not once but three times over. Shot and shot again and drowned, when any one of those would have been sufficient. But then, she thinks as she kneels by the pool, if anyone was going to outstubborn a single bullet it would have been Marc. The surface of the water is smooth, mirrorlike. If it weren't for the wavering ribbons of red spreading like kelp she could almost imagine that she's caught sight of their reflections in a window, Marc away behind her and oblivious to her gaze. A tear slips from her cheek and the ripples makes the illusion shiver, briefly bringing the familiar face to life. But without Marc's burning intensity - or Steven's awestruck bewilderment - behind it, it's uncanny and just plain wrong; it just makes the emptiness of death more apparent.She stifles a scream when the hippopotamus looms over her reflection. They kill over 500 people a year she thinks. What a stupid way to go after all this. It's not a hippo. Exactly. In retrospect, it's ridiculous to think a hippopotamus could somehow make its way to a chamber in the tomb of Alexander the Great. A chimera ancient Egyptian goddess is far more probable. Obviously.She takes in the full absurdity of her new companion, who stands off to one side with her hands clasped anxiously in front of her chest. A visibly nervous mostly-hippopotamus goddess with a solar disc headdress. No, an visibly nervous -and very pregnant- mostly-hippopotamus goddess with a solar disc headdress. Even within a pantheon with an assortment of deities with animal features, there's only one hippo-croco-lion up the duff she can think of. Taweret, Lady of Heaven and the Pure Waters. Who, based on what Layla can remember, wasn't generally regarded as a particularly anxious figure. Although they also didn't typically describe the god of the Moon as a 'bit of a dick' which seemed to be the consensus from those who had met him.The voice in her head is surprisingly light and soft, not at all what she is expecting.
Your fractured man is not truly dead, Layla El-Faouly. And we need his help.
The tiny flicker of hope is tempered by suspicion. The last few days have been an object lesson that  offers of assistance from these gods come at a heavy price."Go on." She prompts.
Too many of our kin have been imprisoned. For all his previous transgressions, Khonshu is not a liar, and that sham of a trial has proven that there are some among us who seek  to thin our numbers for their own ends. 
Taweret's not just jittery because she's bending the rules being here, Leyla realises. This is a last throw of the dice for her and her allies. There's more at stake for them than Ammit's pre-emptive judgement of the human race. A goddess with no skin in the game doesn't suddenly step in to subvert the punishment of an outcast god already on his last warning."And where does Marc fit in this?" She asks. She's already getting a picture of where this is going, and she's not sure she likes it.
As an avatar he still has an affinity with Khonshu, despite his imprisonment. He can free him from the ushabti, where others could not. Together, they can free our kin.
 "So where is he?" She waves a hand at the pool. "The rest of him, I mean. His soul, or whatever you want to call it?"He is barred from the Field of Reeds and waits, trapped with a tomb of mind in the Duat. He cannot return unaided.And there it is, she thinks. The stumbling block that's dropped another god into our lives. They need Marc, but they also need someone in our world to help them send him back.The return is a vulnerable time, and we must avoid prying eyes. Protective magics are needed to allow your husband to safely regain his body."OK, so cast your magic, I'll pull him out of the water and with any luck he can be smashing statues by tomorrow evening." She doesn't mean to sound flippant. This is what she wants more than anything else in the world, but Taweret is dancing around something here and she's had enough of these gods and their bullshit.I cannot. You need to become my avatar, my Guardian of Pure Waters, and place the wards yourself.
Oh. Well at least we got there quickly.
"Like Marc and Khonshu?"Not exactly. I do not call upon my followers to fight for me. And it would be temporary, until my kin are free. The goddess' tone changes, becomes almost pleading.  And you will have Marc back.A sudden panic overtakes her. She's seriously considering pledging  herself to an ancient god for Marc's sake, but just who will this actually bring back? The thought of Steven left behind, lost and alone in the dark constricts her heart like a fist."You call him my fractured man. Will you return both Marc and Steven?"He will be remade as he was when he died, but carrying the knowledge of self bought dearly in the Duat.Unhelpfully cryptic, but not a no. It will have to do. It does feel uncomfortably like she's gambling against the universe with Steven as the stake, though.Marc's going to kill her when he finds out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Layla El-Faouly/Marc Spector
Layla El-Faouly/Steven Grant

freeform: 
post episode 4

fandom: 
Layla El-Faouly/Marc Spector
Layla El-Faouly/Steven Grant

