Work Text:
 
 


 God of our ancestors in faith 


 by the covenant made on Mount Sinai 


 you taught your people to strengthen the bonds of family 


 through faith, honor, love. 


 Look kindly upon Sarah, 


 a mother who sought to bind her child to you. 


 Bring her one day to our heavenly home 


 where the saints dwell in blessedness and peace. 


 We ask this through Christ our Lord. AMEN. 

 
Funerals should never be allowed to happen in the summer, Steve decided.  The soft heat of the early morning hadn’t yet burned off the mist coming off the cemetery grass, and the huge oak that shaded his father, and now his mother, still stretched its shadow in long, oblique angles across the ground.  It all felt far too idyllic to be the sort of day to put his mother in the ground.
“Steven?”  The priest touched Steve’s wrist gently.  “It’s time.”
Steve nodded down at the brilliant coral-colored peony in his hands.  His mom’s team had all already taken their turn and laid their flowers on her coffin, and now the glossy black was dotted with her favorite flower in all different shades of pink.   
“Can I…?” he turned back, searching for the priest.
“Take your time, son,” Father Finnerty said with a small nod.
When Steve nodded back, Father Finnerty turned to speak softly to the nurses who’d followed Steve from the church to the cemetery, and he began shaking their hands and squeezing their shoulders in farewell.
“I–I know it’s selfish, but how am I gonna make it through this season without you in the stands?”  He stepped forward and placed the flower he’d bought that morning from the shop she’d always bought herself birthday and anniversary flowers from right over where her heart lay silent beneath inches of steel and fabric.
“What’m I gonna do without you, ma?” Steve asked around a sob as he laid his hand on the coffin lid just starting to warm from the summer sun.  
The only answer was a mourning dove cooing for its mate.
He let his hand slide off the metal then slipped his hands into his pockets and stared for a moment longer and his mother’s coffin.  “I–You’ll always be on my mind, ma,” he promised.
When he turned to start back to the sleek Lincoln Continental waiting for him on the road, Alice Hulsey, the co-lead on the neonatal ward stepped up beside him.  “You coming to my house?  I’ve got lunch and drinks ready.”
Steve shook his head.  “I wish I could, but I’ve got to get back to Austin.”
“I don’t see why they can’t spare you for another day,” she griped.
He turned back, one foot already in the car.  “It’ll be easier if I’m working.  Doing something.”  He offered her a tired smile.  “Plus, I’ll have my team to take care of me.”
Mrs. Hulsey snatched him up in a fierce hug.  “We’re your family, Steve.”
“I know,” he promised, hugging her back just as tightly.  
She eventually let him go with a final squeeze of his shoulders.  “Call me when you get in.”
“I will.”
“And don’t push yourself too hard,” she scolded.  “Keep something for yourself.”
Steve nodded.  “I will.  Promise.”
Once the door closed and the low thrum of the engine picked up as the car started moving, Steve pulled out his phone and tapped through his contacts until he found the number he needed.
Two rings jangled in his ear before a gruff voice picked up.  “Rogers, that you?”
“It–yeah,” Steve answered.  “I was just calling to–I wanted you to know I’ll be back in town in time for the evening meeting.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
One Shot
Steve Rogers loves his mama
Parent Death
Off screen
but it did happen

fandom: 
None
