Work Text:
A game of tag. You’re running from the tagger constantly to try and save yourself from having the same fate as them. You feel the thrill but also the nervousness, you know if you loose sight any minute they could be right behind you. You feel the rise and fall of your chest getting quicker and quicker as your heart beats faster and faster and your legs move in sync. You’re constantly on edge, wondering if they’ve gone to catch someone else or if they’re waiting for the right moment to pounce on you from wherever they may be. You start to look around for them but see nothing. And then.. you feel the hand on you back and hear the yell. You’ve been caught. Maria felt her life was like a game of tag. Her whole childhood she was that person trying not to be caught. She constantly found herself wanting to run away as fast as she could and never look back but there were so many things stopping her. Where would she go? How would she get the money she needed? What if he finds her? He was Edward Hill, her father. Edward or Ed, as he was known by few, was a funny man, full of life with a perfect life. He had a nice house, good job which provided a steady income and he was married to the love of his life Meredith, a beautiful woman who he loved and who loved him. She was also carrying his first child, which had made him love her more than he had previously (though then he thought it was impossible to love her anymore, but as she always did she proved him wrong) Absolutely everything about his life was going so well.. And then his child was born. Many parents will say the best day of their life was the day their child was born. Ed, however, would describe it as the worst. Maria Meredith Hill was born on the 4th April 1982 at 17:48, Meredith Jane Hill died at 18:03 that same day. As anyone would be Ed was heartbroken. He had lost the person he’d planned to grow old with, raise a child with. Now he had that child. But he didn’t have his partner. He would have to raise Maria alone. At least you’d think that’s what he thought. You’d think he told himself he was going to love this child unconditionally, make sure the world never hurt her the way it had hurt him by taking his wife away, make sure she was safe, as she was the only part of Meredith he had left, and that’s what she’d want him to do. But he didn’t. Instead the man subjected himself to mourning and resentment. He erased anything that reminded him of Meredith. He moved himself and a now five months old Maria into a small apartment, stopped contact with the friends he and Meredith had made throughout their 8 years together, collected every item that reminded him of her and threw it away or stored it in a box far away and allowed himself to drink until he didn’t recognise the man he saw when he looked in the mirror some mornings after waking up in the same position on the his signature armchair, tv blaring and a bottle fallen out of his open hand dripping small buds of amber liquid he now seemed to love more than his own daughter onto the already stained dull grey carpet that should’ve been changed to wooden floorboards months ago because then at least when the beer hit the ground it didn’t leave a disgusting mark. Sometimes Ed himself wondered why he had that bed. It was left untouched. His room was like a storage room instead of a place of comfort. He went into his room to complete daily tasks (which he only sometimes actually does), like change but it is no more than that. It will never been more than that As Maria grew older it was uncanny how much she resembled her mother. By the time she was six every time Ed looked at her all he could think about was his dead wife. It infuriated him. Why was the world doing this to him! What had he done to deserve this? He had thought that Meredith’s death was enough and now seeing how his daughter’s eyes are the same crystal blue as hers were, seeing how his daughter’s hair matched that of his late wife’s, seeing how his daughter was in so many ways, her mother’s child. It all felt too cruel, and so bittersweet. He longed to have Meredith back since the day she died, especially for those first few months, but this was not the way he meant it. He wanted Meredith, not Maria. At the same time at six years old, at school on a day in March, Maria’s teacher had told the children to make mother’s day cards to give to their moms as the day of the event was coming up shortly. As all the other children were folding card and scribbling out drawings of flowers or hearts, stick figures of what were supposed to be them with their mothers or bad representations of items they knew their mother’s liked, Maria sat,  completely still, watching with wide eyes and enhanced pupils as she wondered if she had a mother. “Dad?” Maria asked, walking over to her father’s armchair when she got home from school that day. He turned to focus his attention away from whatever show was on the tv, taking the bottle from his lips to the coffee table in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill & Ed Vernon
Maria Hill & Original Female Character(s)
Maria Hill & Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Maria Hill Feels
Maria Hill Needs a Hug
Lesbian Maria Hill
Maria Hill-centric
Kid Maria Hill
LGBTQ Themes
LGBTQ Female Character
Headcanon
lesbian headcanon
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism

fandom: 
Maria Hill & Ed Vernon
Maria Hill & Original Female Character(s)
Maria Hill & Original Character(s)

