Work Text:
You jolted awake in sweat and tears, your heart beating as though it was about to leap out of your chest. Tears rolled gradually down your face, which was still flushed with fear. You turned to see Natasha snoring softly, You bit your lip as the tears proceeded to drop onto the bed sheets, a sound you could only hear within the still silence that fell all through your shared home at this early hour.
It was when you lightly sniffled that Natasha's eyes shuddered open, unexpectedly sitting up as she realized you were crying. “Hey, hey Люблю, are you okay? What’s wrong?” she questioned you as she held your face. “I’m fine nat, i just had a bad dream” you admitted wearily. “Hydra?” she looked into your eyes with worry, you nodded and began to cry even more. “Люблю don’t cry, everything is fine” she kissed you tears. Natasha held you gently and rocked you back and forth while singing a russian lullaby. “You’re okay presently, You're safe with me, I'll stay with you and protect you." she whispered while she sluggishly ran her fingers over your back, minutes afterward you fell in a deep slumber. When you woke up, you felt warm and comfortable against Natasha’s chest, you angled your head to see at your beautiful wife’s face, guilt consumed you as you remember last night, you didn’t mean to wake her up. You were so lost in your thoughts you didn’t realize that Natasha woke up. “Didn’t you know it’s rude to stare?” she grinned down at you, you rolled your eyes and came off of her which resulted in her pulling you against her chest and kissed the side of your neck. “How did you sleep” she muttered in your hair “I slept okay, and i’m sorry for waking you up, it wasn't my intention” you faced her.She lifted your face and stroked it gently, “Oh Люблю, why are you sorry? You’re my wife and I'm supposed to be at your side at all times and to protect you. It's my job to keep you safe and loved, you’re my everything and i don’t know who i am without you” She kissed you gently.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
natasha Romanoff/reader

freeform: 
Nightmares
Cute stuff ig
Hydra

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov (Marvel)/Reader
Natasha Romanov (Marvel) & Reader
natasha Romanoff/reader

