Work Text:

Helen Parr took a deep breath as she looked around this new location, an admittedly homey-looking village under a night sky filled with stars. After so many moves in the past, the feeling of walking into a strange new place shouldn’t have been so…intense. It was just a new neighborhood, after all. A new place to call home until further notice. So what was so different about this new place?
 
Well…everything, really. Every other move her family had gone through, from city to country to 

continent, 

had at least taken place in a single world. This place, Traverse Town, very much 

wasn’t

.
 
How they’d all gotten to this point was still…confusing. Apparently, there was some sort of multidimensional battle that involved the forces of light and darkness, and one particularly powerful creature of darkness had swallowed up their world despite the Incredibles’ best efforts. The super family had only gotten away thanks to the intervention of some strange-looking teenagers with big keys the size of swords. They had reassured them that their world wasn’t destroyed, just “frozen in darkness”, and that they would be able to return home to their regular lives once this ‘war’ was over. In the meantime, they and everyone else who’d lost their homes to this darkness would find shelter here.
 
“This is where we’ll be staying?” Dash squinted at the cobblestone buildings and dim lights as they approached the main entrance. 
 
“Yes, Dash.” Bob nodded somberly as he made a show of struggling with the large briefcase carrying all their super suits.
 
“This looks like a grandma land!” Dash complained. “Is there even electricity? Snacks? Can I even play video games here?”





Despite herself, Helen chuckled to Jack-Jack in her arms. At least they were handling this bewildering situation pretty well. Superheroes had to adapt to crazy things like this quickly, and they certainly had experience with moving.
 
“I’m sure you’ll survive, speedy.” Violet just rolled her eyes.
 
Dash wasn’t appeased and began charging up his legs until they started to become a blur. “I can’t take that chance! I’m gonna take a look around for an arcade, be back in tw-”
 
A mother’s hand on his shoulder stopped him from super speeding off. “Dash, 

no. 

We might be in a strange new world, but we still need to keep a low profile here. Remember what I said about our identities?”
 
Bob nodded with a sigh. “We shouldn’t…advertise that we’re supers. Not yet.”
 
“Yeah, the talking animals and the marshmallow robot might think we’re weird.” Violet snarked.
 
“What do yo-” Helen looked up and realized that the individuals greeting refugees at the main gates were, in fact, talking animals and a marshmallow robot. 
 
A female rabbit with gray fur and what looked like a police uniform was hurriedly writing down notes on a clipboard while an orange fox wearing a green shirt and loose purple tie smiled at the slightly bewildered family. “Hey there, welcome to Traverse Town. I’m Nick, this is Judy, and the walking balloon is -”
 

Hello! I am Baymax, and I have been assigned as the resident health care specialist. I will scan your family and add you to the Traverse Town health database. 

 
Bob froze up. Supers always had to be careful about getting themselves on medical records. “Um, we don’t need-”
 

Scan complete. You are exceptionally healthy. 

 
“...darn it.” Bob groaned. “But thanks.”
 
“Ok, we just need your names for our records, and we can set you up in the third district.” Judy explained. 
 
“We’re the…um…” Should they come up with new identities for this new place? That was what usually happened.
 
“Dashiell Parr.” Dash ended 

that 

train of thought with his impatience. 
 
“Violet.”
 
“Bob.”
 
“Helen. And this is Jack-Jack.” The baby cooed in delight at the sight of the bunny, and the rabbit smiled back. 
 
“Ok, the Parr family, then. Don’t forget to write that down, Carrots.” Nick remarked, nudging Judy’s clipboard into her chest. With an embarrassed chuckle, the rabbit quickly added their names to what looked like a pretty long list of refugees from the darkness.
 
“How soon can a house be ready?” Helen asked, glancing up at the sky. “We should get some sleep, it’s been a long day and it must be pretty late…”
 
“Actually, it’s only mid-afternoon.” Nick explained casually, tapping his watch. “There isn’t really ‘daytime’ here, so you gotta follow the clocks.”
 

I would also recommend taking Vitamin D supplements for your stay. 

Baymax chimed in. 

Honey Lemon will be happy to provide them at the pharmacy next to Julieta’s healing bakery in the main square.

 The entire family blinked in shock as the news was calmly delivered. There was no sun here? Every other place they went, they could count on the sun rising in the morning. The fact that there wasn’t one here was a sharp reminder that they were in an entirely different world from the one they’d grown up in, facing an uncertain future. Even more so than the talking animals. 
Violet too
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Traverse Town (Kingdom Hearts)
Speculation
Kingdom Hearts IV Speculation
Refugees
cartoon
Disney Multiverse
Crossover
Slice of Life
Interaction
superhero
Superpowers

fandom: 
None
