Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 


When I was little, I dreamed of what the future would hold but then I stopped believing in useless things. I've started believing in my own freedom and I never stopped fighting for it.

 

My name is Damon Mikaelson(no, not related to Niklaus), I was born in New Orleans into a military family. I was born a female and with an older brother. A few months after I was born, my family moved to North Carolina and I lived there until I was 8. I miss living there.. I then moved to California, I lived there until I was 15-16, that’s when my life went to crap. When I was 10, I was getting tested for my second gender. Omega. I was early than most but it was okay because the doctor had said that me changing was rare when my coming-of-age was 2 years away. Surprisingly, even when I was early, I still didn't get my heat. The doctor said it was because I wasn't of age yet so when I turn 12, my mom got really worried. Which then was lead to a lot of testing, turns out, my body haven't full developed yet and because of that, my heat didn't come. 
 
When I turned 14, my school went into lockdown when I was in the bathroom. I was really scared and to make it worse, my heat came. Apparently, the lockdown is real and I was going to die. I don't remember much because my omega locked the memory away, what I do remember is my face being pushed into the floor and my butt was in the air. I remember crying in pain and then there was nothing, when I turned around, there was a man with a metal arm looking right back at me. His eyes looked like a storm before they turned red, was all I need to know. The man in front of me was an alpha and though I was scared, my omega happily accepted his offer for a hug. I remember smelling gun powder on him, blood, fear, and what smelled like woods. The man had told me not to look, to hide my face and not to look up so I did. In darkness, I heard talking, in what sounded like Russian. Why? I haven't got a clue.
 
I don't remember how but one minute I was at school and the next, I was tied to a table in an unknown room. My eyes were covered and I can hear yelling and arguing but all I can see is darkness. I remember the pain, the screams that weren't mine and then nothing. I'm not sure how long I was there, I just knew that I wanted to go home. So I did, I saw a chance and I took it. I ran as fast and as far as could, I kept running when I was tired and I couldn't feel my legs anymore. But I fainted. And when I woke, I was in a hospital with my family. I was gone for 3 months. 3 months that I don't want to experience again. I found out later that I was found by an avenger, Natasha Romanoff. She's an omega and yet such a badass, I wanted to be just like her. So I started taking classes, self-defense, archery, etc. It had turned out that the 3 months I was kidnapped, my omega was cut down. Everything that made me an omega was taken, my ability to have a child, heats, all but my status and my omega itself was gone. I was tainted. Used. Worthless. I was nothing but a pathetic excuse for an omega. Somehow, Natasha found out that I was depressed and wanted to end it all. She had taken me to SHIELD and had started training me, it took a lot of help but I was able to move pass my lowest and move turns a greater me.
 
Codename: Wolf.
 
When I was 18, Nat and Clint has helped me transition due to a mission gone wrong and destroying my breast. I had decided to fulling transition since I can't give birth to a child. Nat and Clint were very supportive of me and my decisions, I forgot to mention that this happened a year after Loki attacked New York and about 2 months after the mission. I was thankful for both of them and Fury, I just wish things didn't happen like they did.
 "I guess if I'm going to tell this Story, I should tell it right, huh?" I softly chuckled and looked down at the young girl who was staring up at me with awe. "So where should I start?" I asked her and she immediately said "When you met daddy and mommy!" I laughed and looked over at the two with a raised eyebrow. "Well, let's see. Where...oh, I remember now." I looked at the young girl and smiled.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Self-Insert
Tags May Change
Background Relationships
Minor Character Death
I'm Bad At Tagging
I'm Bad At Summaries
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
No Smut
Asexual Character
Asexual Relationship
Trans Character

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

