Work Text:

One day during a chill lab session, Peter revealed to Tony that he’s bisexual. Tony told him he was too and that he accepted Peter.
  
Anyway, Peter is sat next to Tony on the couch scrolling through his phone as the man checks emails. Peter snorts when he comes across something amusing, clicking on it. Tony hums, a silent way of letting the teenager know he wants in on whats so funny.
  
“Hey, Mister Stark?” Peter asks, looking up from his phone for the first time in a while.
  
“What’s up, kiddo?” Tony also looks up from the screen he’s been glued to.
  
Peter holds in his laughter. Tony tilts his head, giving the teenager a quizzical stare. He reaches out to the table and picks up his coffee, taking a sip from the cup. He barely gets to enjoy it when Peter speaks next. “Smash or pass on the Avengers?” 
  
The sentence makes Tony’s eyes widen and he spits out his coffee in surprise, glaring at Peter who laughs it off. “You little shit!” He yells while Peter calms down. 
  
“But seriously, smash or pass on the Avengers?” Peter pushes.
  
Tony’s eyebrows furrow together in confusion. “You’re going to have to elaborate a bit more, kid.”
  
Peter facepalms. “Oh my..” He mumbles, trailing off and then points at Tony. “And you call yourself a genius.” Peter shakes his head.
  
Tony gapes at him like a fish. “Hey!”
  
“We’re playing a game, well, more like you are, of smash or pass but it’s the Avengers. I’ll tell you the name of an Avenger and—“
  
“Yeah, yeah, I get it. You might not want to hear the answer to a lot of these, though..” Tony waves him off. Peter scrunches up his nose in disgust.
  
“This was a bad idea.” He shakes his head.
  
“No backing out now!” Tony smiles and crosses his arms.
  
Peter sighs and succumbs to fate. “Okay, okay. Steve—“
  
“Smash, definite smash. Have you 

seen

 that man? If Pepper and I had an open relationship—“
  
“Mister Stark!” Peter almost drops his phone and hides behind his hands. 
  
Tony just shrugs with a smug smile. “You’re the one that asked, kid. I’m just being honest.”
  
Peter nods his head and clears his throat. “Right, okay. Next one, smash or pass Bruce?” He leans back slightly and observes Tony, waiting for his reaction.
  
The man proceeds to hum and stroke his chin in thought. “I’d probably smash but there’d have to be precautions taken.” The reason behind it goes unsaid, but they both know why.
  
“Okay.” Peter mumbles distractedly as he scrolls to the next on the list. “Would you smash or pass Nat?”
  
There a beat of silence, followed by a sigh. “She’d probably kill me, so I’ll pass.” Tony suppresses a shudder at the thought.
  
“Smash or pass Clint?” Peter asks immediately. Tony’s eyes widen at the sudden pace change.
  
“He’s married. Laura would kill me if she found out I smashed her husband. I’ll pass.” Tony slowly takes a sip of his coffee, hoping to not spit it out like earlier.
  
Peter squints his eyes at Tony. “These are quite violent scenarios, Mister Stark.” He giggles to himself quietly.
  
Tony puts his hands up, as if surrendering and then points at Peter. “You never know.” He says before dropping his hand back down.
  
“And last but certainly not least, smash or pass Thor?” Peter keeps his eyes glued to the screen as he asks.
  
“I don’t know..most likely smash.” Tony smiles and goes to pick up his tablet to start reading emails again.
  
Peter nods and sinks into the couch. “That went better than I expected.”
  
Tony tilts his head questioningly. “Not gonna do any of the other Avengers?” He asks and it sounds like he’s anticipating for more so he doesn’t have to get dragged back to doing work.
  
“Nope. There’s too many.” Peter shakes his head with a laugh.
  
“Ah, makes sense.” Tony says before drinking the last of his coffee (which has definitely got to be cold by now, but he doesn’t seem to care). He gets up and goes into the kitchen to make another. Peter follows him like a lost duckling and suggests some dinner alongside a movie night.
  
And who is Tony to disagree? It gets him out of doing work. Even if he will have to catch up on it later, at least for now he doesn’t have to worry about it.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mentioned Steve Rogers
Mentioned Bruce Banner
Mentioned Natasha Romanov
Mentioned Clint Barton
Mentioned Laura Barton
Mentioned Thor (Marvel)
Mentioned Pepper Potts
Smash or Pass
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Bisexual Peter Parker
Bisexual Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Comfort
Banter
Questions
Movie Night
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Bonding
Family Bonding

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

