Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text





This was not happening. He was not in this situation again. Peter closed his eyes off from the scene in front of him for a brief moment. When he opened them again, nothing had changed. But this couldn't be happening to him, again.
While his eyes and brain struggled to come to the realization that his heart accepted, he took in the circumstances around him. He was standing at the top of Avenger Tower craning his neck to see three figures in a helicopter above him. Two of the people were dressed in black from head to toe and sporting large rifles. The third could not have looked more out of place. With his enhanced vision, Peter could see the terror in Pepper Potts' eyes. Dressed in her everyday black pencil skirt, silk blouse, and high heels, she stood as stiff as a plank, angling herself away from the open door as best as she could. Her normally tidy hair whipped around and Peter tried not to imagine that her hair was blonde. Pepper isn't Gwen, he said in his head. But because he had been in this situation before, his brain was having a hard time separating that memory from reality. He would blink and see Gwen in Harry's arms trying to talk him out of doing something terrible. He would blink again and see Pepper yelling at the masked man. Blink. There was Gwen falling gracefully down to him. Blink. Pepper hadn't moved. Of course she hadn't moved, it wasn't too late for her. Peter hadn't saved Gwen; but, he could save Pepper.
"She isn't Gwen." This time he said it aloud. Maybe hearing it with his own ears would make it more real. It didn't help. When he looked up at the helicopter, Gwen was standing beside Pepper and the two assailants, her eyes begged him to do something- anything!
"You weren't invited to this party," A voice rang out from Peter's left. "Move along before someone gets hurt." His eyes darted from the sky to ground where a walkie-talkie was. Returning his attention back to Pepper, he crouched down and lifted the device to his mouth.
"Doesn't look like much of a party to me," Peter quipped back, attempting to lighten the situation some and put Pepper at ease. "I think you need more people for it to be considered a party. We could maybe call this a meeting or a small gathering. But it is definitely not a party. The lady there certainly isn't having fun. You guys are atrocious hosts." He knew he sounded like an idiot but damnit he didn't care. All he had to do was stall until the others got here.
Today had started out as a normal day. He was spending the morning with Aunt May when the call came in. When the word 'Work' popped onto his phone, he quickly put his poker face on. "Hello, Mr. Jamison." He plastered a fake look of annoyance onto his face and rolled his eyes for dramatic effect. Aunt May quickly turned the volume down on the television, not that he needed her to or that he could tell her that his hearing was better than perfect, and he flashed a smile of thanks at her.
"Peter, we have a situation." The concern and authority in Steve's voice practically oozed out of the receiver. "I just got a call from Happy, Tony's driver. He and Ms. Potts were attacked as they were leaving the Stark Industries building about ten minutes ago. Someone blew up the car as they were walking towards it. He was able to get them away from the blast but it was all planned. As soon as they ran for cover someone was waiting for them in a side alley. They knocked him out and took her."
Peter could feel his blood turning to ice. He only hoped that his façade didn't crumble as he responded, "Oh, someone spotted Spider-Man? I'm sure if I hurry I can get a couple good pictures of him in action and get them uploaded before another newspaper." He mouthed a 'Sorry!' to his Aunt before running up the stairs to his bedroom. "Okay, I'm alone," he dropped the act. "Do you have any idea where she is or who took her?"
"As of right now, we don't have any intel on them. They had a helicopter and were last seen heading towards The Tower. Natasha and I are en route from D.C."
"What about Stark?" He interrupted as he quickly threw some supplies and his mask into his photography bag.
"He had meetings in California this week. Happy called him but it's going to take some time-"
Peter interrupted again, getting straight to the point. "I'm the only one in town, aren't I?"
"Bruce is at SHIELD helping to track her location, but we really can't get The Hulk involved unless there is no other option. Clint is out of the country."
"And Thor is off planet," Peter finished the sentence for the good Captain. "Okay, so I'll head downtown and find the helicopter. I'll find her, Steve." He raced down the stairs and out the front door, sounding more confident than he was feeling. "I'll be back later, Aunt May!" She probably yelled something back but Peter was too busy listening to Steve to hear.
"Listen Pete," His voice softened but still managed to ring with authority. "I know that this is hitting close 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post The Amazing Spiderman 2
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

