Work Text:
There’s a few seconds where it feels like a normal morning. Normal is relative, obviously, because one-year-ago-Peter would never have thought his identity would ever be out. Or—okay, Peter from a year ago might have imagined it, but waaaaay less than two-(six?)-years-ago Peter, who kind of fantasized about it, but only when he was getting tardies for oversleeping after a late night swing around the neighborhood. Two-years-ago Peter hadn’t died though, so current-Peter doesn’t trust him to picture the future properly.
Just now, the future seems kind of exhausting. In those few moments of sleepy peace, Peter can picture a day where he’s throwing breakfast together, May already up and gone to put in extra work at F.E.A.S.T. because the whole Mysterio-killed-by-Spider-Man had kind of thrown the charity into question. The Spider-Man supporters and haters were balancing out, but May still loved working there. Happy, of course, would still be around—it was his apartment after all—grumpily drinking coffee and warning Peter not to let any of the crazies follow him back to “the oasis” after school. Then, Peter would spend the day on edge in his classes, retreating to the roof with Ned and MJ whenever possible, fantasizing about university life and just breathing.
Peter almost doesn’t want to get up.
He’s painfully reminded of winter’s approach when his brain recognizes the cold in his bones. He moans, but dutifully pushes himself up even as he pulls threadbare sheets around his shoulders. Blinking sleepily, he realizes—this isn’t Happy’s apartment. This- this isn’t even his and May’s, or any apartment he recognizes.
Has he been kidnapped?
That wakes him up, hard. No, he—no, that was his stuff, strewn across the scant counter in a corner and cluttering a folding table. But… where is he? And why is he here and not with May? Stumbling around the room, blanket still pulled around him, he finds that though the front (and only) door is locked, the key is on the counter. He holds it in his hand for a second. Two seconds. Three seconds?
Nah, he doesn’t have the patience for that. He’s gonna see if May’s at home. A glance out the window reveals that he’s still in Queens—he must’ve missed a few weeks; snow’s piled up like it’s the dead of December. He sighs. He’s gonna need some warmer clothes.
 
Peter checks Happy’s apartment first and finds it under serious construction. Well, at least he knows why he didn’t wake up there, but that doesn’t explain where May is. The room he’d woken up in might generously be called an apartment, but it had just one room and just one bed. There’d been some tight spots just after the blip, but he doesn’t think he and May could both fit in there. Besides, it doesn’t have the security to protect them (May) from the people mad at Spider-Man.
Just to be safe, he checks their old apartment—May’s not there, and neither is any of their stuff. Someone else lives there. Fear squeezes his heart—it’s just like after the Blip. He can’t even get into the building, and no matter how many of the neighbors that he asks, none of them will buzz him in. Sure, he’s been living at Happy’s for a few months but he’d have thought—and with the reveal… it doesn’t make sense. How come none of them seem to recognize him?
Briefly, he imagines crawling up the building and straight into his room, but even though his secret is out, or perhaps because it’s out, he’s highly uncomfortable doing things like that in public. Not without the suit, at least. It’s… different, when it’s his face. Even when people know it’s him, the mask still feels protective, and his neck prickles if he tries to do stuff like that in the open.
He hesitates. Should he check F.E.A.S.T? Surely May wouldn’t go in to work without leaving a note about… whatever happened to Happy’s apartment. He gulps, and it’s like trying to swallow a lemon drop whole. Had he been there when the apartment was destroyed? Had he been in a coma? What if they thought he’d never wake up?
A burly man pushes past him, and suddenly, Peter remembers that oh yeah, he probably shouldn’t stand in the middle of the sidewalk. “Watch it,” the man grumbles, and doesn’t say a peep about running into Spider-Man.
There’s only one more place he can check, one more place he’s called home. Peter turns back down the street, straight to Ned’s.
To his surprise, MJ opens the door. He guesses it makes sense, but MJ never really struck him as the type to hang out at other people’s houses. Or her own house. She always seemed to want to be out there in the city, doing mildly questionable things like hanging out with a supposed murderer on rooftops.
She stares at him blankly, and Peter struggles to swallow around the lemon drop. “…Can I help you?”
“I…”
She lifts an eyebrow. Peter’s always been jealous; he can’t raise an eyebrow without the other following. “Are you a friend of Ned’s?” she asks, and his heart just about shatters. He stops breathing for a second, and his voice won’t work right, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt No Comfort
Hopeful Ending
I mean I wrote it that way but it's mostly subtext
Canon Compliant
Post-Spider-Man: No Way Home (Movie)
Temporary Amnesia
MJ is mj

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

