Work Text:


“What, are you saying —” Clint smirks, and there’s a hot dark jolt through Bucky’s gut. “Yeah, darlin’, I’m saying exactly what you think I’m saying. I was pretty young, but… the internet is forever, right?” He’s so fucking casual about it, so unashamed, and Bucky loves that. “What — how — why —” Oh, for fuck’s sake. “I just... gah?” Clint laughs. “You wanna see,” he says, and it’s not a question. Bucky nods like a goddamn bobblehead doll. 
And he didn’t exactly expect Clint to be shy — he knows better — but he also didn’t expect him to get off the couch and grab his laptop from the desk, either. 

“Now?” Bucky asks. 

“You got somewhere else to be?” Clint drawls, already typing something into the address bar. 

“Fuck, no.” 

Bucky snuggles closer, tucking himself under Clint’s arm as he scrolls through  search results. He bites his lip when Clint clicks on a link and hits “fullscreen” before setting the laptop on the coffee table in front of them. Clint slouches back and pulls Bucky against his side again. 

The video quality isn’t great, and it’s clearly handmade, but that’s Clint alright. He’s got the camera set up on something at the foot of the bed, angled down to where Clint’s sitting with his back to the headboard — it hides his face, but gives a fantastic view of his crotch. 

He doesn’t have any ink, which is strange; he looks naked without it. But he has the barbells through his nipples, and Bucky knows the patchy red birthmark that’s visible on his thigh as he adjusts the camera. 

He also knows that cock, not fully hard yet but still fucking impressive, and he knows the little hum of enjoyment that comes through the speakers. Clint’s working himself up, using one hand to toy with the nipple piercings as he palms himself, slow and luxurious. 

Bucky shifts, wondering if Clint can see how fast he’s getting hard. They put on pajama pants when the pizza arrived, but the thin cotton isn’t hiding much. 

“Can I ask why?” Bucky asks. 

“Money, mostly,” Clint says promptly, unbothered. “But also… I dunno. I liked it.” His voice drops into a conspiratorial tone as he adds, “You might’ve noticed I have a bit of an exhibitionist streak.” 

Bucky chokes on a laugh. “Yeah, I noticed that.” 

There’s something about the video that’s fucking mesmerizing. He can see the differences so clearly, see the way Clint’s grown into himself, grown into his skin; he can see the first glimmers of Clint’s unshakeable confidence, in the grainy distorted footage, hints of the commanding presence he carries so easily now. 

“How old were you?”

“Old enough, don’t worry,” Clint laughs. 

“Was this the only video you did?” 

“Yeah, ‘cause then I discovered cams,” Clint says nonchalantly. “Money was better, but also… I just really liked knowing that there were people out there watching me. Getting off thinking about how good I looked.” 

“You do look good,” Bucky says quietly. 

“Yeah?” 

“Don’t act like you don’t know,” Bucky laughs. The outline of his erection is plainly visible through his pajama pants now. 

“Let’s see, then,” Clint says, all wolfish and sexy. 

“You mean —” 

“Strip. 

Bucky is a little too eager to follow that particular order. He lifts his hips to pull them down, shoves them to his knees and then kicks them off the rest of the way — inelegant, but it works, and his dick is all heavy and flushed where it curves up along his belly. 

Clint’s staring at him hungrily, working his lower lip between his teeth. Bucky knows that expression; Clint’s deciding how to take him apart. 

Bucky raises an eyebrow at him, slowly running a hand up his own thigh like he’s going to touch himself, and Clint’s eyes go dark. 

“No,” he says sharply, and Bucky freezes before he can consider questioning the order. “Hands off. Stay right here.”

Clint gets up, heading toward the bedroom, and Bucky asks, “What are you —” 

“Stay,” Clint repeats. “Watch.” 

Bucky feels like maybe he should be bothered by the casual way Clint tells him what to do, but… no, not so much. 

So he watches. He can see the way Clint’s just enjoying himself, letting out deep, easy sighs of pleasure, rocking up into his loosely-curled fingers. His entire body gets into it; he arches his spine with the inhales, rolls his hips with the exhales, lets his head tilt back. 

Then he reaches for something and comes back with a toy, a simple, slim black vibrator. He smirks right at the camera as he lubes it up. 

It’s the smile that does it for Bucky, more than the sight of the toy sliding in or the throaty, hedonistic moan Clint lets out. He’s got one knee pulled up to his chest, exposing himself, showing off the way his body opens up around the toy as he fucks himself with it slowly… but Bucky can’t take his eyes off Clint’s face, flushed and heavy-lidded, the way his eyelashes flutter and his lips part around quick panting moans. 

Bucky’s so goddamn hard it almost hurts. 

“Being good for me?” Clint asks, and Bucky starts at the sound. 

Clint’s slou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Dom Clint Barton
Dom/sub Undertones
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Porn Watching
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

