Chapter 1





Chapter Text

I feel a little out of place, even in my best dress: a green one that I made; the top part looks like a pair of gloves covering my chest and little ties attach it to a flowy skirt. I had never been in Avengers Tower before; and yet here I am, dressed to the nines, clutching a tiny purse, and sweating on a Friday night.


I glance around. The crowd is almost overwhelming in the high-ceilinged room; I spot Thor in a ring of people, tossing his large hammer in the air. He’s hard to miss.


I decide to head to the large glass bar on the far wall. Before I can get there, Tony Stark grabs my arm.


“Saturday!” He beams. “I’m so glad you made it! C’mon, let me show you around.” My name isn’t Saturday, but he seems tipsy so I let him lead me by my arm. Straight to Steve Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes. I almost lose my footing in my platforms. “Steve, Barnes, this is Saturday. She’s super nice.”


“My name’s not Saturday.” I tell them my name and, the gentlemen they are, they both shake my hand.


“She’s killer with a camera, if you know what I mean. I picked her up at NBC,” Tony says before melting into the crowd. I anxiously stare after him. At least he was my height; Steve and Bucky tower over me.


“You work at NBC?” Steve asks. He offers me a fruity little drink from a passing tray and I gratefully take it.


“Thank you.” I blush. “Um, technically, yes. I’m a director at Saturday Night Live, which NBC runs. Tony stopped by to see a show and insisted on a tour, and he took a liking to me, I guess? He invited me, at least.” I clutch my glass like a lifeline.


“I’ve never heard of Saturday Night Live,” Bucky frowns.


I take a sip of the drink and almost cough at the amount of vodka. “It’s a live comedy sketch show. It’s been running since the seventies. But hey, you can’t expect a ninety-year-old to keep track of everything, can you?” I bite my lip after I stop talking. Bucky stares at me and I start sweating even more. 

I shouldn’t have cracked a joke about his age, it’s too soon, we barely know each other, he is literally a traumatized assassin, why can’t -- 



Breaking my spiralling train of thought, Steve bursts out laughing and hangs on Bucky’s arm. “She’s got you there, Buck.” Steve slaps Bucky’s chest and he cracks a smile.


“Touche, Saturday.” Bucky nods at me and I let out a weak laugh and take another sip of my drink.


“Are you enjoying the party?” Steve asks.


I glance around the room. “It’s certainly very… opulent. It’s nice to have an excuse to dress up. You guys look great,” I say, gesturing vaguely at their chests.


“Not as good as you,” Bucky says, giving me a quick once-over. My heart leaps into my throat. Maybe it’s the alcohol.


I give him a little mock bow. “I made my dress, so that means a lot.”


“No shit,” Bucky says. Steve asks me about what I do at my job, so I give him a short skimming of my responsibilities, and, somehow, the three of us continue chatting. Bucky mostly looks at me, which makes me so nervous that I end up draining my drink in under ten minutes. Steve is decent enough to switch between looking at Bucky and I and around the room and not stare me down like a circling wolf.


Feeling a little woozy and finally finding a lull in the conversation, I excuse myself. “Sorry, but this drink had a lot of vodka and I’m feeling tipsy so I’m going to go get some water. It was so nice meeting the two of you!”


Thankfully, I make it to the bar without incident and grab a glass of water. I nibble on some pretzels after draining it, turning around to scan the wide, open room. Steve and Bucky are where I left them. Tony is talking to a man with dark hair. Sam Wilson is hitting on a guy by the windows. In between the few Avengers I can see, there are close to fifty people dancing, drinking, and talking.


I turn around to pick up my glass when there’s a crashing sound from across the room. Jumping in surprise, I whip my head around to see Thor sheepishly saying sorry to Tony. “Wow,” I mumble, turning to face the bar and practically bumping into someone. “Fuck! Oh, sorry, you scared the hell out of me,” I apologize to a man with cropped black hair and piercing blue eyes who is far too close to me. “You can’t just sneak up on people like that.”


“Can’t I?” The man asks in a British accent. Something in it reminds me of Thor. I scrutinize his face -- high cheekbones, straight nose -- and realization hits me like a truck.


“Aren’t you supposed to be in Asgard?” I ask, palms starting to sweat. I glance around, looking for anyone else who has recognized him.


The man chuckles condescendingly. “You recognize me?”


“You were on every TV for a week. I pay attention to stuff like that.”


“Stuff like that?” He enunciates crisply.


I roll my eyes. He’s still way too close to me. “The news. Why aren’t you in Asgard again?”


“I am in exile,” Loki drawls.


“And you’re at a party… because why? To cause panic?” I pop another pretzel in my mouth, feeling the edg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Mildly Dubious Consent
Alcohol
Implied cockwarming

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

