Work Text:
“Foggy?” Matt said looking up from his work. “Yes Matt?” Foggy said, also looking up from his work. Matt tilted his head in the direction of the photo sitting on the desk next to them. The photo has Matt, Karen, Foggy and you in it. You moved upstate a few months ago and it’s been really hard on Matt. “She’s still in it” Foggy said, letting out a little sigh of relief. “I don’t know why you keep asking, you know I would tell you if she wasn’t in it anymore” Foggy said quietly. “I just-” Matt started then stopped. “I just need to make sure,” Matt said quietly. “I know Matt,” Foggy said before leaving the room. Matt was left alone in the room sitting there quietly.  The next day everything went pretty smoothly going as it normally does. “Matt?” Foggy said walking into Matt’s office. Matt looked up fast. “What, what is it?” Matt said quickly. “It’s not about that, she’s fine. Karen’s not though, her friend died” Foggy said sitting at a chair in front of Matt’s desk. “Oh, is she okay?” Matt said, setting down the file he was holding. “No but we’re headed to Josie's, are you coming?”, “Not tonight, tell Karen i’m sorry”, “You can’t stay in here forever Matt” Foggy said before leaving. He wouldn’t sit in here forever but maybe just long enough for you to make your way back to him. Matt’s phone rang, his automatic ringtone repeating your name over and over. He quickly picked up the phone softly saying your name.  “Matt? Hey” You said on the other end. “Yeah hey, how are you?” Matt said, trying to calm himself down. “I’m good, I was just calling because I haven’t called in a while and I’m walking home from work,” You hesitated for a minute before continuing “and it’s dark and i’m alone, Dave couldn’t walk me home like he normally does, he got sick, and I needed a comforting voice” You said panicking slightly. “Are you okay?, and you know i’m always here whenever you need to talk”, “Yeah i’m okay and thank you, please tell me about your day”, “It was pretty much the same as it always is, another case”, “Still pretty interesting, hey I see my building now so i’m gonna go, talk to you later, thank you, bye Matt”, “You’re welcome, call whenever please, bye” then you hung up the phone. Continuing to walk before someone grabbed you and dragged you down an alley.  It wasn’t till about fifteen minutes later when Foggy and Karen came back. Both of them were crying which wouldn’t have been that weird considering Karen’s friend died but Foggy was crying too. Foggy walked over to the desk and picked up the framed photo. “So- So it is true” Foggy said as Karen walked over and wrapped her arms around him. “What- what is it?” Matt said standing up. “She’s gone Matt,” Foggy said quietly. “No that’s impossible I just talked to her on the phone, she said she was okay, she said she was almost to her building, she was fine, she was safe, why wasn’t I there, why wasn’t she here, this is all my fault-” Matt started rambling before falling into Foggy and Karen's arms. “Matt it wasn’t your fault, none of us could have helped” Karen said through the tears. “I could have helped, I should have been there, she should have been here, I drove her away, I drive everyone away” Matt said continuing to sob.  After about ten minutes Foggy told Karen he was going to take Matt home. They left and got a cab. Heading to Matt’s apartment and arriving in about ten minutes. Foggy walked Matt in and laid him on the bed, under the covers. “Foggy?” Matt said after a minute. “Can you pass me the sweater on that chair?” Matt said, pointing in the direction of the chair in the corner. Foggy walked over and grabbed the sweater off the chair before passing it to Matt. Matt lifted the sweater up to his face and inhaled. The sweater was yours and even after five months he could still smell you. “Foggy, stay, please”, “I'll be on the couch Matt” Foggy said before leaving the room. It was the next morning when Matt woke up to Coffee being made in his kitchen. “Please tell me it was a dream” Matt said as he walked out with the sweater. Foggy started crying again, “It wasn’t a dream Matt, I called her parents last night, her funeral is in a few days” Foggy said, setting a cup in front of Matt. “Oh” was all Matt said.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Reader

freeform: 
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Reader

