Chapter 1: Dusk
    




Chapter Text
       She couldn't open the door fast enough. a few error swipes of her hotel key and bought of frustration before the door finally opened. she felt the rush of the cool air of a freshly cleaned hotel room, it was a welcoming sight from gazing at a constant sea of people. 
People packed in airports, people packed in planes.
People packed in the streets and people packed in cars.
Finally she had some space to herself, finally she could breathe.
 
       The door closed behind her, that much was certain. Once the lock clicked she flopped on the crisp clean sheets, breathing in the scent of laundry detergent and fabric softener. When was the last time she slept so well? Instantly feeling her limbs sink into the comfort of fine cotton with a high thread count. She dared to enjoy this moment of decadence, she wished to have enjoyed it longer if she knew what was to greet her when she awakened.
The trappings of the five star hotel room weren't there, having somehow transformed into the furnishings of a unkempt room. Her head was spinning in a blurred mess opening to a ceiling covered in dust and slate grey paint. She rose from the bed in her stupor surprised to find her ankle tethered to the bed post in what appeared to be a cushioned cuff.


What the fuck?

She went to unbuckle the cuff only to stop mid way. Her chest was uncomfortable, a dreadful feeling rose from her gut and nested in her rib cage. Every breath was labored pricking her ribs as a million sharp needles. Franticly she looked around, finding no trace of her luggage or anything she had traveled with. Panic was setting is, she needed to escape. 
       "This wont do" a voice as deep as time spoke from the empty space. She was still disoriented struggling to climb out of the bed, only to forced on her back by unseen hands. "We cant have another episode like before. We don't need to startle HER." Her breathing intensified, hot and painful the air filled and exited her lungs. she needed to escape, her medication, to call the police, to do something for some kind of control. the force wouldn't relent, holding her  in place feeling as if she being dragged to the bottom of the ocean.
       "Calm her down My Son." a shadow loomed over her. the figure of an unknown man towered above. the heat of his body, the smell of his sweat and cavalry clothes was overwhelming. 
Blood.
She smelled blood, faint and rusty. The dull taste tickled her tongue. It raced her heart, beating as a drum against her lungs, pushing her organs against her bones. -click- She looked down at white gloved hands unbuckling the cuffs around her ankles. White slacks walked over to the other side and further opened the curtains allowing the moon light to flood the room.
Books.
Dozens of books littered the floor. Books that filled the shelves to capacity and towered towards the ceiling, books that covered the desk and whatever table top there was. Stationary, mugs of cold coffee and takeout bins remained else where but what was most jarring of all was a circle of sand around the bed.
       "Forgive the mess, there wasn't much time to clean up." The matter-of-fact coldness of his voice didn't lower her guard, but she could feel her anxiety calming and the pain subsiding enough for her to breathe easier. she felt his eyes on her, the man in white slacks stood mostly in the shadows saw for white eyes that peered at her from the darkness. 
      "Wh-where am I?"
      " Somewhere safe for now. Can you tell me what todays date is?"
       "Where's my medication?" a hoarse voice breezed through her lips as she finally rose form the bed, looking around for something familiar to her. White eyes glared at her, slighted with annoyance but none the less motioned to a pile of bags on the floor. "Your a considerate kidnapper at least."  She spoke rummaging through her bag for the mentioned medication. 
       "do you take it often, your medication?" He asked the question with ease watching her swallow two of the tiny grey pills.
       "Only when needed." Despite the pressure receding her head still throbbed with pain, one of the worse migraines she's had in a long time.
       "You seem to be taking the situation rather well, anyone else would be scared shitless finding themselves in a unknown room with a stranger." the white eyes turned away from her, taking a seat in the darkness beyond the moon's reach. It wouldn't be the first time she was in a situation like this. Kidnapped and held captive in a secluded space. A mysterious man with mysterious intentions showing her hospitality while keeping his intentions to himself. "Do you know who I am?" she wasn't sure how to answer his question. nothing about him triggered anything. She didn't know the sound of his voice, had never seen his aura before. Even his musk, sweat and blood was new to her. The best she could deduce was that he was a man of European decent, confident and capable. 
      "No?"
His ears perked at 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Khonshu (Moon Knight) & Original Character(s)
Steven Grant/Marc Spector
Steven Grant/Khonshu (Moon Knight)/Marc Spector

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Action & Romance
Horror
Supernatural Elements
Witchcraft

fandom: 
Khonshu (Moon Knight) & Original Character(s)
Steven Grant/Marc Spector
Steven Grant/Khonshu (Moon Knight)/Marc Spector

