Work Text:
***"Something's bothering you," Loki says, looking at Dahlia."I'm worried about a lot of things," Dahlia began from afar. — I just don't know how to formulate it."First you have to say something," Loki began. — Let's do it like before.— As before ... — the enchantress sadly lowered her head on bent knees. "That's what I used to miss, Loki. I really miss the former Asgard, — blue eyes met with green. Tears slowly flowed down the cheeks of the young goddess. — Of course I like it here, but it's still not the same, — Dahlia's head slowly sank on Loki's shoulder. — There will be no more Heimdall from whom I will ask if the borders are safe and thank you for your service, — her voice dropped to a whisper. — There will be no more father who will sincerely smile for the tapestry with the image of some event presented by me, - the voice of the goddess became even quieter. "There will be no more mother who loved her eternal gardens so much," a sob was heard. — who was for her children with all her heart and soul, — the words are given harder and harder every time. — who died the death of a brave war fighting for Asgard against Malekith and his warriors, — unable to stand the goddess began to cry.— Dahlia, — Loki gently called his sister, but she did not react in any way. — Sister, — and again no reaction, to which the trickster silently pulled the enchantress to him. — I miss my father and mother too, — whatever you say, but it's hard for Loki to talk about deceased, albeit adopted, parents. — I really miss them, but as people say, we should not give up. For their sake, we must be strong," Dahlia looks up at her brother. — We have to stick together, help each other, support each other. I love you and Thor, I have no one but you and you know it," the brother smiled gently at his sister and kissed her on the forehead with all his love for her.— And I love you, my brother.—Well, it's time to go, or Thor won't leave a stone unturned again," Loki says, getting up from the grass and giving Dahlia his hand like a true prince."It's not funny, Loki," the enchantress says, accepting her hand.— It's true! — exclaims the God of Deception.— Is the God of Deception true? Dahlia asks with a grin.— Goddess of Wisdom and nonsense? — The magician echoes her. - It's the truth! On the same day when our brother sat on the throne, Asgard was completely destroyed!— I remind you, my beloved brother, — the Goddess of Wisdom began, how brazenly she was killed by the God of Deception.— So I'm still a beloved brother? Trickster asks with a smile.— If you don't shut up, you will become unloved, — blue eyes with all severity looks at the green opposite. — Asgard destroyed Ragnarok, which was caused by Surtur and Thor's fault is not in this, — Loki was about to object, but Dahlia continued. "And I'll remind you that it was you who summoned Surtur.— It was Thor's plan, so it's not even a drop of my fault, — Dahlia just opened her mouth as Loki continued. — And in general Surtur was called because of Hela, so we conclude that our elder sister is to blame.— It's not right to blame only Hela for the reason that her father himself kept her for several thousand years."How could I forget that my beloved sister is not only the Goddess of Wisdom, but also of Justice," Loki received Dahlia's indignant look at this remark. — And don't look like that.— You brazenly interrupted me, how else can I look at you?!— I am your older brother, I have the right to do this."This is arrogance, and seniority does not allow you to interrupt me," the goddess said resentfully.— Don't be offended, I was joking, — the magician pulled the enchantress to him and kissed her on the temple. — You know I don't share the jester.— Jokes for good and bad, yes, I remember it, Loki, — the girl says, getting out of her brother's embrace, going forward.—Sister," the man says, catching up with the enchantress. — I said without thinking, — the man stops the girl holding her elbow. — Don't be offended with me, — Loki turned the girl completely around and looked into her eyes."Okay," the girl says, pausing. — But keep in mind that next time you won't get off so easily.— I decided that I need to live for today, — Loki solemnly spread his hands to the side. — And for this reason, I didn't think that my words would hurt you so much.— Since when did you decide to live for today? — the enchantress asks with bewilderment. — Just like a man.— Since then, — Loki says with a smile, but seeing the uncomprehending look of his sister, he explains. — Now we live among people, so why not live like them? Thanks to this, people's lives are many times richer than ours, although it is many times shorter.—Gods," the girl says, covering her eyes with her palm. — It was necessary to think of this! Dahlia exclaimed."Brilliant, isn't it," the man said with a smile.— Let's go already, — Dahlia began to walk towards the houses.— Yes, — said Loki catching up with his sister. — Otherwise Thor will destroy thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Platonic Relationships
Family
Gods
New Asgard (Marvel)
Drabble

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)

