Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

The school was abuzz as the trio walked out of the principal's office. Much more so than when they first came in. The three adults had stopped in the doorway to make last minute pleasantries. The boy had stopped too, just beside the woman. His attention fully on all the students who seemed to be suddenly interested in their work, friends, or their locker. Really, he shouldn't blame them. Not when a big name like 

Tony Stark 

was being thrown around.  The biggest name in technology, coming to a school all about science and technology… with his new found son. It was big news, even for a school like Midtown. 
 
His blue eyes were disinterested, as he took in the blue and yellow stripes that raced across the white walls. Ignoring the banners and flyers taped against the painted cinder blocks. The low murmur of students filled the hall as their eyes darted from whatever was distracting them, to the visitors. He huffed, rolling his eyes as he came to the sudden realization that everyone here would want to be his best friend. Crossing his arms, he shifted his stance so that his foot stuck out more than it should be. His back was to the entry doors, eyes still on everyone else. He hadn't noticed anyone behind him until he was suddenly shoved forward. 
 
His ears caught a small yelp as the hallways were greeted with a 

thud

 and a smack. 
 
Harley found himself staring down at the white tiles, familiar hands touching his shoulders and back, moving under his armpits to help pull him up. Multiple people helped him up and he brushed himself off as he turned around. Harsh words on his lips escaped him when he was greeted by three people. Two boys and one girl. The two boys pampered the girl, dusting her off and gathering her stuff that fell to the floor. She had turned to the brunette, who was talking to her softly. Brown eyes looking at her solemnly. A smirk tugging at the corners of her lips as she placed a hand on his forearm. 
 
"I'm okay, Pete. Promise." She said softly. However, Harley caught it and he didn't think he was suppose to.
 
He caught his breath, as his eyes looked her over. The way her auburn wavy, hair curled around her face, her nose scrunching upwards as she spoke to the boy, and how her eyebrows scrunched together. She wore no makeup and the clothes she was wearing were nice, just not flashy. Despite himself, Harley fell in love. He fell hard.
 
"Are you okay?" He heard Tony ask him. Harley looked up, giving Tony a nod. Tony raised an eyebrow, eyes on his new found son. 
 
"Are you okay, Sweetie?" Harley heard Pepper ask, his eyes found the girl again and he held back a smirk as it dawned on the girl who was speaking to her. The girl's mouth opened and closed like a fish.
 
"Pep-You- your Pepper Potts!" The girl stuttered. Harley would be lying if he said that the girl's voice didn't help him relax. Then the girl turned to him and Tony. 
 
"Mr. Stark!" She stated with awe, then looked at her two friends, "Pete! Ned! Look- its…"
 
She paused when her eyes fell on Harley. It was then that Harley suddenly felt just like his dad. The girl's eyes were very analytical, staring through him. Like she knew everything about him. Then, her eyes went back to Tony and Pepper- and Harley huffed out the breath he held. A twinge of hurt clenched his heart as he realized that she wasn't going to give him the time of day. 
 
"Oh! Mr. Stark, Mrs. Potts!" Both boys turned to the adults, greeting them. Harley ignored their praise. His eyes stuck on the girl who suddenly found her shirt very interesting. Her books held closely to her as she said something to the brunette. However, the brunette was too distracted by the two famous people. She rolled her eyes, a smirk on her lips.
 
"Sorry, but I'm gonna be late to my first class if I don't go now." She said, looking between Pepper and Tony. Her eyes landed on Harley for a moment, before starting to walk away. 
 
"Wait, Ms. Parker!" The principal called out before she could fully walk away. The girl turned.
 
"Yes, Mr. Morticia?" 
 
"Can you show Mr. Keener around?" 
 
Her brown eyes fell on him. Eyes narrowed slightly with uncertainty, as she looked from Pepper and Tony to him. Then her eyes fell on the principal and back to him. Harley could see the slightly frustrated sigh that escaped her body. 
 
"Yeah, I suppose." She responded. Harley found himself walking to her. Tossing over a bye to his da- Tony and Pepper. She waited for him, watching as he made his way to them. 
 
"I-I'm Harl-" He greeted, letting his southern drawl slip out. 
 
"Stark. Yeah. I know." She interrupted, "Let me see your schedule."
 
He handed her a paper, she took it and looked it over. He blinked when she sucked in a breath. 
 
"Looks like you're following me around today, Stark." She handed it back to him.
 
"Keener." 
 
She stopped, turning to him. He mirrored her, so they were facing each other. She blinked, "What?" 
 
"My name. It's- it's Harley
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Original Female Character(s)
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ben Parker & May Parker & Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Happy Hogan & May Parker & Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ben Parker/May Parker
May Parker/ Happy Hogan
Flash Thompson/ Original Female Character (one-sided)

freeform: 
Hate to Love
Harley Keener is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Acting as Harley Keener's Parental Figure
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark Coparenting Peter Parker
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Harley Keener as Iron Lad
Harley Keener Flirts
I don't know what else
this is my first time writing this trope
please forgive me if its awful
im trying
probably add more tags

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Harley Keener/Original Female Character(s)
Michelle Jones & Harley Keener & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ben Parker & May Parker & Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Happy Hogan & May Parker & Peter Parker & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Ben Parker/May Parker
May Parker/ Happy Hogan
Flash Thompson/ Original Female Character (one-sided)

