Work Text:

The first time he sees Tony-- 


The first time he sees Tony is a hot September night and there's a crowd of mostly drunk frat boys gathered round one of the pool tables, shouting and laughing until the shouts go quiet and the laughter turned to cursing and the prettiest thing he'd ever seen straightened from the table, a grin wide on his face as he plucked his winnings from Jesse's hands. 


The first time he sees Tony, Tony’s hustled a game of pool and the only thing Steve can think is that Tony is 

trouble. 


 

~*~ 

 

He comes in a lot, and Steve watches him, because Tony might be trouble but he’s also a sunshine bright smile, cocky swagger and sad eyes. 


It’s the sad eyes that he keeps tripping over, because he wants to chase all those shadows away, wants to see Tony cocky and grinning and laughing, and he wants it to be for 

him.

 


He comes in with a Black kid, more often than not, regulation haircut and a put upon frown until Tony gets him three shots and two beers into the night and then all bets are off, Rhodey egging on every bad idea Tony throws out and a few he doesn’t. 


Steve pretends he doesn’t see the way that Tony leans into Rhodes, pretends he doesn’t see the sips of beer Tony steals from him and the protective and possessive glares that Rhodes sends his way. 

 

~*~ 

 

When Tony hustles pool, and he 

always

 hustles pool, he comes to the bar after, and Steve leans against it and grins at him. “How’d you do this time, winner?” 


Tony smirks and drops the winnings on the bar because he knows the power of a dollar, of buying people’s good will and it’s never about the money, not really. 


It’s about winning. 


Sometimes--


Sometimes Steve thinks it’s about the smile he always gives Tony, when he wins, when the sadness in his eyes rolls back for just a moment. 

 

~*~ 

 

He comes in early on May 29th, and sits at the long polished bar and Steve stares at him. 


“It’s my birthday,” Tony says, and here’s the thing--Tony has been coming to his bar almost once a week for the past year and he’s never ordered a drink. 


Steve isn’t stupid enough to think he 

doesn’t

 drink--he knows damn well Tony drinks half of what Rhodes buys, knows that he’ll get shit faced other places--but Tony’s never tried to use his fake ID on 

him.

 


“What’ll you have?” he asks, his voice low and Tony’s gaze flicks up, darts over his face, and then down, to the top of his tattoo, the larkspur flower flirting with the hollow of his throat. Tony swallows hard and Steve wants to trace it with his 

tongue.



“Whatever you’ll give me.” 

 

~*~ 

 

The thing is--he sees Tony and he sees 

trouble

 but he sees that damn sadness too, and he’s always been a sucker for the sad ones, the ones who are a little bit damaged, it’s why he fucked Sam, before he and Bucky started dating and got married, it’s why Peggy would never have worked for long. 


He doesn’t want to 

fix

 Tony, he just--


He just wants to pull him apart and crack him open, wants to see all those broken jagged edges, wants to drive the sadness back and see happiness in his whiskey chocolate eyes. 


“You 

want

 to fuck him,” Natasha says, no nonsense and even less judgment. 


Steve flicks her a grin and then lets his gaze be dragged back to Tony’s ass, round and pert and fucking 

bitable

 as he leans over the table and takes the game on a trick shot for two hundred dollars. 


“That too,” Steve agrees and pulls another beer. 

 

~*~ 

 

If it were only that, though. 


If it were as simple as fucking Tony--he’d have done that a long time ago. He could have done that the week after his twenty-first birthday, when he shows up alone and nurses a gin and tonic for an hour before he plays one lackluster game of pool and leaves his winnings, walks home alone, head down against the driving rain. 


He could have done it any night Tony walked through his doors, any night that Tony sat across the bar from him for hours, rambling about his thesis and DUM-E and AI’s and a million things Steve doesn’t always understand. 


He doesn’t want to just fuck Tony, and he realizes that when he sits in Bucky’s chair, tiny pots of ink and Bucky waiting patiently for Steve to tell him what he wants. 


He thinks of the night Tony sat across him, eyes so tired they looked bruised, exhausted as he slumped on the bar stool and talked about his father. 


He’d been half drunk, when he walked in, or Steve thinks he’d never have opened up, had been sloppy and belligerent at the pool table, the only time Steve had ever had to pull him away from it. 


“Sunglasses,” he tells Bucky, thinking of that pair that Tony toyed with, and the star shine sadness, his sun bright smile. “But listen--” 


He walked out with the ink stinging against his ribs, and a bone deep knowledge that whatever it was he wanted from Tony--it wasn’t just a quick fuck. 

 

~*~ 

 

He mops the floor with his little pool shark, and grins sharp and predatory, and takes hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bartender Steve Rogers
Silver Fox Steve Rogers
College Student Tony Stark
Silvertwink
age gap
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
sex with feelings
Tattoos

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

