Work Text:
 



 

Compared to just an hour ago, New York had become a dusty pallet of alien corpses and technology waiting to be snatched up by the government or hustlers seizing their opportunity. It had also dialed down to a silence unfamiliar to the city. There was an assortment of neighborly sirens somewhere in the distance, but nothing too close as the emergency vehicles had to weave through the maze of debris splotching the streets. Still, the faint ambiance soothed the young girl enough for her to steadily slump in Natasha’s direction, the chicken shawarma she got only half eaten. She was just as tired as the rest of the newly formed Avengers, but at least she wasn’t gripped with the heavy physical exhaustion like the adults around her. She had been trapped in her room during the chaos of it all, huddled in her closet as her hands did nothing to conceal the nightmarish roars and indecipherable chittering outside. The only English she did understand was that of Loki’s monologuing, who was too close for comfort throughout almost the entirety of the battle’s end. Sometimes it got so loud the tower trembled to the point it felt like it would crumble beneath her feet.


But now there was solace and stillness in the one small restaurant that managed to survive it all.


Thank goodness too, her father seemed dead set on the shawarmas they currently smacked on. Steve, like the others, appeared to be in deep thought, maybe even more so as he wasn’t as preoccupied by the food compared to the others. He didn’t seem to like it. They were allowed this moment as a minor thanks for saving the city- maybe even the world, but she knew the second they were done, the government, S.H.I.E.L.D, and the general public would be on their backs within the snap of a finger. She wasn’t looking forward to that, she just wanted to take a nap somewhere- anywhere, and right now, it may just be on Natasha. 


The threat of dozing off was interrupted as Natasha shook her awake, murmuring something she couldn’t quite understand in her sleepy haze. She had an idea though, and whined before plopping her face onto the woman’s once-black bodysuit. It was more of a dark gray now, lightened by ash and dust of several messy run-ins. Thankfully, Tony came to the woman’s rescue, coaxing the girl off of her so she could stand.


“Come on, sweetie. Let’s go.” He murmured gently, the tone and nickname a rare phenomenon. He usually spoke to her like that when he felt sympathy and the need to apologize- without actually saying it, of course. 


“Go where?” Her question faded as she leaned forward drowsily. Tony exhaled and sucked his lips in before shrugging, “I don’t know, but you know we can’t stay here forever ‘cause if so… then I call dibs on that corner for my bedroom.” He jerked a thumb behind him to a random part of the restaurant, his goofy remark making her giggle. That little spark was enough to get her to comply, his hand grasping hers as she pushed off the chipping red-cushioned stool. Once they got to the blurry glass door, the murmuring of the crowd waiting outside became audible and there was a collective deep breath before Steve pushed the door open.


Instantly, the hushed voices erupted into a lawless chorus of questions, demands, praises, and curses. Tony was left little room as people crowded his space without a care, the child became glued to his side both out of force and intent, wide eyes trying to make sense of the botched scenery around her. There was so much noise… so many voices, footsteps, slamming of vehicle doors nearby. Her eyes flickered around the fluttering of people’s clothes swimming in her vision as she wasn’t tall enough to breathe above the crowd just yet. She ripped her hand from Tony’s and ducked her head, covering her ears. As if this was some sort of twisted opportunity, people began to step on her feet and push closer to Tony, in turn, shoving her further and further until she came tumbling out of the mob. Stumbling onto the rocky street, her legs did all the work and carried her until she was enveloped with silence once more. Her back hit a brick wall and she carefully peeled her hands from her head, panting both from exhaustion and anxiety as she took a moment to calm down.


Something was wrong… very wrong. She can handle noise, definitely. She’s been kept up all night by her father’s boisterous parties more than once before, and if she wasn’t tucked away in the safety of her room, she was dealing with schmoozers practically screaming over the beat of the music for her company in hopes of cozying up to her dad. Their efforts were ultimately futile, all it took was one wrong night at a Valentine’s day party for him to realize that maybe alluring strangers weren’t always the best source of company. What’s so different now? Why was she suddenly so 

weak

? She has to go back- Happy’s probably arrived by now and her absence is holding up everyone’s escape. The more she thought about going back to the nois
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Original Character-centric
OC insert
Unoriginal Stark kid

fandom: 
None
