Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Hindsight, Darcy Lewis had once been told, was twenty-twenty.She thought that was pretty stupid, because her foresight wasn't even twenty-twenty, so why would her hindsight be better than her foresight. Jane, naturally, had tried to go on this long lecturing tirade about how it meant that things always looked better in retrospect, but Darcy wasn't stupid. She was actually quite bright, she'd been told. She knew that was what the stupid little adage meant, but she didn't see why everyone kept quoting it at people as though it was supposed to be the answer to all of her problems.
That is, she thought so, until a situation occurred in which “hindsight is twenty-twenty” actually made 
perfect
 sense. 
Well. Sort of. Mostly.
Okay, the phrase still wasn't perfect, but it made 
more
 sense than she'd ever thought that it had, before, so that meant that she was at least making progress, she figured. 

Actually, she was pretty sure, this whole situation was whole series of levels of old adages coming to life, and she wasn't sure that was a 
good
 thing.
They were back in their little home-turned-museum-turned-science lab again, and Darcy frowned as she poked about the little space, trying to figure out what was still missing, or if there was anything put in the wrong places. Technically, the SHIELD agents had been quite helpful in hauling everything back into their little headquarters, but she was convinced things were still going to be missing. After all, they had taken her iPod, and that had absolutely nothing to do with science or Jane's research. They'd also cleared out Jane's trailer, so she kept going back into her own bedroom, in their headquarters, and poked around to make sure that everything was still there. Finally, Darcy paused in the middle of the main room, hands on her hips as she looked around. As far as she could tell, the place was put back together. 
The town 
outside
 of their building, not so much, there were construction crews hard at work at picking up the pieces of what the Destroyer had, well, destroyed. She watched, through their remarkably unbroken windows for a long few moments, considering the way that several workers were scooping up pieces of what used to be walls, then shook her head, and went back to “work”.
At the moment, work mostly meant turning each of the computers back on, and checking to make sure that all the passwords were still intact, and that all of the information was still there.Technically, the SHIELD agents that had hauled the equipment back in had said that they were returning everything, but she wouldn't put it past the government to keep some of it. After all, the relationship they were apparently supposed to be having with SHIELD was sort of tenuous and complicated.“Damn,” Darcy said aloud, suddenly, when she was halfway through checking one of the computers. “...am I supposed to be going back to school, or do I actually work for SHIELD, now?”“That, technically, is probably up to you.”Darcy spun in her seat, overshooting the spin in her wheely chair, and had to put down her foot to swing back to face the door. Agent did he even have a first name Coulson was standing in the doorway, his hands draped casually behind his back, and he smiled blandly at her. “...eavesdropping. Not cool.”“I apologize Miss Lewis,” he said, rocking slightly on the balls of his feet. “May I come in?”
She arched her brows, scoffing, and pushed her glasses further up her nose. “You're 
asking
 if you can come in this time? Last time, you just burst in without a warrant, and this time, you're 
asking
?”
“The situation has changed, somewhat.” Coulson said, mildly, and waited.
Darcy continued to watch him, for a long few moments, waiting for him to do 
something
, then realized that he was, in fact, waiting for her to invite him in, and drew herself up a little, feeling sort of important. “All right, well... fine. Come in. But if you get all stealy again, I have every right to kick you right back out.”
“Duly noted,” he nodded, and stepped into the little computer lab they had set up.
She narrowed her eyes at him, watching the government agent for a long moment – and he really 
looked
 like a government agent, even if she hadn't known, seeing him on the street, she'd think he was a man in black or something – then finally huffed, and turned towards the computers. “Look, if you actually wanted to talk about something, then you should actually do that. Otherwise, I have some stuff to fix here, after you guys went and stole everything, so I have a 
whole
 lot of work to do.”
Coulson nodded, and stepped up behind her shoulder, silently.Darcy frowned, and glanced up at him, considering the presence he had, which was surprisingly strong for a man that was just some government dude, and finally said. “Hello? Anybody home?”He glanced down at her, and smiled again, that light little thing. “Everything looks like it is in place, for the most part.”“It might be, but I have a whol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis
Tony Stark/Johnny Storm
Loki/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Unplanned Pregnancy
Secret Marriage
SHIELD

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis
Tony Stark/Johnny Storm
Loki/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor

