Work Text:
Something that T’Challa didn’t expect; Turning into an actual panther whenever he wanted to. He’s heard of the stories of those who ingest the heart shape herb being able to shapeshift but that hasn’t happened for centuries. He assumes the ability wanted to make a comeback this point in time. Surprisingly Erik has little to no knowledge about this, even after all those years of studying Wakandan culture, it just never came up.The first time it happened was when they had kids, one was 15 the other 17. Erik was in the throne room focusing on more important things while T’Challa was roaming about the kingdom. He was admiring the art work on the wall which included panthers looking majestic. T’Challa wondered what it might be like being an actual panther and then…it happened. His body morphed into the animal he was admiring. His 17 year old daughter, Amani, came around the corner unexpectedly. They make eye contact and the worry slowly fills her eyes. She turns on her heels and dashes off to find her mother. T’Challa tries to say her name but then remembers that he’s an animal when it comes out as a distressed growl. He walks the same direction she went and sees her walking into the throne room. Then he hears, “Baba, there’s a panther in the hallway!”T’Challa creeps behind the door and peaks his head in a little bit to see what would happen next. He’s see’s Erik nod at the girl, “Are you talking about the paintings on the wall?” He asked unphased. She sighs, “No Baba, there is an actual panther in the hallway.”Erik nods and then signals Okoye to go check it out. The woman leaves the throne with a smirk and T’Challa cowers behind the door completely. She’s about to pass T’Challa but then she stops in her tracks and looks in his direction. T’Challa freezes as they stare at each other. Okoye slowly walks over and pats T’Challa on his furry head. T’Challa purs in response to her gentleness. She walks back into the doorway of the throne room and says, “There is a panther in the hallway.”Erik sighs before saying, “And how did that happen?”“Someone most likely left a door open.”T’Challa rolls his eyes then makes himself known to Erik by stepping in the doorway and then walking into the room. Him and Erik make eye contact and then Amani says, putting her hand over her fathers eyes, “You’re not suppose to make eye contact with it, they take that as a challenge!” Erik nods and removes her hand and gives it a gentle squeeze. “You worry as much as your mother…speaking of which where is he?”Erik reaches his hand out to pet the animal and it purs in response to his gentleness. Amani whimpers as she watches the interaction. T’Challa wanted to say, ‘I’m right here!’ But…due to the circumstances he can’t. He sees the look of worry on his baby’s face and feels bad. He’s going to cuddle her at every chance when he turns back into his old self. Erik keeps eye contact with the panther and cocks his head to the side. There’s something about this panther…“Wait…”The eyes are what has him captivated. They look so similar, like someone he knows. He thinks back to his studies about people in Wakanda being able to shapeshift sometimes they’re able to shapeshift into other people or animals. T’Challa currently has the herb so… A lightbulb goes off in Erik’s head. “Amani, come here”Amani walks closer to her father, “Yes?”“I think this may be your mother…” Erik says and T’Challa beams. Amani would have laughed if there wasn’t a literal animal in the throne room. “You’re saying, that’s my mama?”Erik and T’Challa both nod. Amani looks at the panther and gets a little feeling within herself and sees the resemblance. She gets closer to the animal and reaches out a shaky hand to pet it. T’Challa gladly accepts the gesture and purs. Amani gives him a quick a grin before taking her hand away. “How could this happen?” Amani asked. Erik sighs, “it could be because he has the herb. I recall reading that stuff like this happens sometimes.” Amani sits down to process her fathers words and then T’Challa is moving towards her and climbing up in her lap. She gasp in surprise at the action. Her mother was thankfully not as heavy as she thought.  “So how do we get him to change back?”Erik shrugs, “He needs to want it.”T’Challa huffs. Erik makes it sound like he doesn’t want to change back. If he was human being he would have a smart retort for his husband and for trying to make this seem small..While T’Challa’s mind was all over the place his daughter noticed how his body began to slowly morph back into his human form. Amani internally cringes as her naked mother lays across her lap. T’Challa sees his daughter looking at him like he’s got a larva growing on his face and he looks towards his husband who has a hand placed over his mouth as if he’s trying not to laugh. “M-mama…you’re human again but you’re naked.” T’Challa looks down at his now human hands and gets off his daughter to see that she was in fact correct. He gets off his daughter quickly.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
T’Challa turns into a panther
its a repost

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

