Work Text:
Flying through New York is more challenging than it seems. The suit is unlikely to let him crash into anything, but this city is full of sharp turns and unexpected construction work, so just finding a good route between skyscrapers can be unpredictably complicated.Tony hasn’t lived in New York since he was a kid, but it seems like he’s going to have to take up residence in Stark Tower for the duration. (For the duration of what he’s not sure yet.) He’s flying back there when he sees the person falling. At this distance it’s just a dark blur, dropping between the buildings. Tony accelerates too much and he’s only a few lengths away from the falling body when he realises that it’s changing direction in midair.The blur has resolved itself into a man, mostly covered in red and blue, who turns his masked head and snarks cheerfully at Tony, “Hey, I’ve got the right of way here!”Tony pulls up vertical. “Hi. Sorry. Thought you were jumping. Falling. Something not…” He can see the fine lines now connecting the man to the nearest two buildings. “You’re Spider-Man.”“What gave me away? Was it the webbing? Damnit, I bet that’s why the bad-guys always know who I am.”Tony can’t see the face under the mask, but he’s heard the tone often enough. He grins back. “I wouldn’t know,” he says. “I try to stay under the radar.”Spider-Man laughs. “Sure. I hear press-conferences are what all the low-profile heroes are doing this fall.” There’s a yell, somewhere far beneath them, and Spider-Man looks down. “That’s my cue.”“You’re okay on your own?”“It’s a liquor store hold-up. I let an out-of-towner help on one of those, in my own city, I will totally deserve the mockery.” He drops twenty feet and then calls, “But thanks for the offer!” *“We should probably stop meeting like this.” Spider-Man flies past him and shoots a jet of webbing at a pair of alarming amphibious eyes.Tony fires his repulsors at another frog, which leaps ridiculously high to avoid him. “Was that really the best you could come up with?” “I’ll admit it wasn’t my best work. Your buddy there is freaking me out. I think he’s trying to eat me. They eat spiders, you know.”“You could have just swung on by. We had this under control.”“You can’t see my eyebrow, but rest assured, it is quirked at a disbelieving angle.”On the comm. by Tony’s ear, someone coughs. Tony looks around and makes the introductions. “Avengers, Spider-Man. Spider-Man, Avengers.”Spider-Man uses a lamppost to flick himself around at high-speed. “Nice to meet you.”Steve fires his shield across the street, taking out an impressive quantity of frogs. He does his little three-finger salute/hello thing. “Good to meet you too.”On radio, Coulson asks, “Stark, how exactly do you know Spider-Man? We don’t-”“Wait a minute. One second Fury’s all ‘part of a bigger universe’, and the next I’m not allowed to talk to new people? And then you wonder why I never know what you want from me. Gah.” It's not so much that the frogs are tough, as that they're persistent and numerous. Thor thwacks one down to the ground and it bounces back up again, bloodied but still determined to do whatever it is giant frogs do. “Hey, isn't this a biblical plague of some kind? Should we be concerned here?”“This is what concerns you?” Natasha asks. She kicks a frog in the throat, which is just the kind of thing that didn't happen to Tony before he met these people. Natasha touches back down to the ground. “So far as signs of apocalypse are concerned, we have seen worse than frogs.”“True,” Tony agrees. “But when the Hudson starts running red, I want it to be noted that I was right.”“I'll let the papers know.” Spider-Man glides past Tony, bouncing off a SHIELD jeep, helicopter and riot-shield in that order. He collects the frogs the team has taken out, binding them together in the middle of the road. “Webbing lasts about an hour. I’d get them out of the way before then. Does SHIELD have a nice pond in the atrium? If not, I know some French restaurants that cater exclusively to giants. I bet you could make some good money.”“We’re actually okay in that regard,” Tony says dryly. “But thanks.”Spider-Man shrugs, and for all that’s he’s skinny, Tony can see the shift of muscles in his shoulders. “Must be nice.”“It's not bad. Are we done here? I have a meeting to avoid. Spidey.” He nods. “Thanks for the assist. And see how we let you help without any out-of-towners crack? Drop by later, I'll even buy you a beer.”Spider-Man leans backwards off the lamp-post, face upside down relative to Tony. “Oh right, I'll just swing by Stark Tower and pick you up will I?”Tony shrugs. “If you like.” * He's still not expecting Spider-Man to come flying through the open window. Tony puts his hand to his chest. “Jesus Christ. Warn a guy.”Clint pokes his head out of the living room. “Are we under attack, or are you just shrieking for no reason? Oh, hey, it's your Spider-friend.” He looks at Spider-Man. “Ignore Tony, he's twitchy about his security. JARVIS is g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hand-wavy Canon
Snark
Secret Identity

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

