Chapter 1: Learning to Walk Again
    




Chapter Text
“Remember, kid… you’re a lot stronger than you used to be.” “No shit,” you sighed as you moved to the centre of the hall, remembering how it was only yesterday you’d accidentally broken a mug or three just by setting them down. “It’s like learning to walk again - at least, that’s how it was for Steve,” Natasha added to Clint’s words, moving to your left side as she spoke. You nodded at her words, contemplating them - and desperately wanting to just return to your room. You didn’t really want to be in the training hall with this newfound strength and all these eyes watching. At first, you didn’t really take the serum that seriously - I mean, Cap seemed fine, didn’t he? In fact, you had vehemently denied your two best friends’ constant requests to train because you knew every movement would be scrutinised and you didn’t want to be treat like a child again, all those years ago at SHIELD. No, there was only one reason you were suddenly determined to put yourself back to the basics. 

”Wanda…?” The woman herself was stood staring in the bathroom mirror, her auburn hair wet around her bare shoulders - but for once, it wasn’t her beauty that had you stalled. Her eyes met yours in the mirror as she quickly pulled her robe back up around herself. “G-“ “Did I… Did I do that?” The silence in the air hung as your eyes didn’t leave her right hip, despite the fabric now covering it. “It is nothing… really.” Wanda moved to place both her hands upon your face, but you gently coaxed them away. “Show me.” Her brilliant green eyes flicked between both of yours, a crease between her brows. “Please.” After a few more seconds, Wanda nodded and reluctantly shifted the robe. Upon her hip was a hand-shaped bruise, fingertips clearly purpling against her skin. 

You swallowed before slowly moving your hand upon it, tracing it gently as your heart sank. “Did it hurt?” “No,” she smiled, shaking her head and placing her hand upon yours. You didn’t believe her, and she knew it. “I was… too distracted to notice,” she giggled lightly, clearly attempting to reassure you, but for once her sweet voice did little in doing so. She continued anyway. “I like it. It is like… leaving your mark on me.” Her Sokovian-thick words had good intent, but your heart sank further still and you frowned as you thought back to last night, the image of her pressed against the mattress beneath you, your hands keeping her hips pinned and legs apart as your name left her lips- 
“…so we’ll just stick to the basics for now, alright?” You quickly snapped out of your thoughts as Steve stood before you; you had no idea when he had arrived. “Sure,” you shrugged, quickly glancing around the room; Clint and Nat were stood to the right of the hall now as the fellow super soldier moved into position. Wanda was nowhere to be seen, though you weren’t surprised; since seeing the bruise, you had been reluctant to touch her. Of course this had upset her, but she understood too. You had already hurt your colleagues enough, the last thing you had ever wanted to do was hurt her. Although, the thought of ‘leaving your mark’ on her wouldn’t be such a bad thing under different circumstances…
“Sorry-“ you realised eyes were upon you again and quickly got into position. It made sense with Steve being the ‘punching bag’ of course, but it didn’t lessen your guilt as you began to spar. Once, twice, three times in a row you hit him far harder than you had intended. You caught a glimpse of Clint’s face, which seemed to express ‘I’m glad it’s not me’ and Natasha, who despite the circumstances, looked quite proud. Steve picked himself back up each time. By the end of it, he had asked for his shield and you had somewhat improved, though you were surprised at the endurance and stamina you seemed to have gained. Natasha was right, it really was like learning to walk all over again. 
“Alright, that’s enough for now, kid.” You were grateful Clint spoke up for you were beginning to lose your willpower. Steve gave your shoulder a squeeze and a smile in encouragement. “You’ll get there, G. It just takes some getting used to.” You nodded at his words as he turned and made his way out of the hall. “Start by lifting weights smallest to largest again,” Nat began as you headed to the door. “Rogers used to line up punching bags and use them to get used to it, too. He was accidentally punching them from their hooks at first. ” You nodded in agreement, appreciating her attempt, before exiting the hall and making your way back to your room, the reflection of yourself you would catch in the gleaming white walls feeling a little less familiar each time. 
“How did it go?” You shut your bedroom door and turned to face Wanda, perched on the end of your bed, sitcoms in the background. Her smile was warm and welcoming, one leg dangling over the mattress, but you didn’t want to talk. Instead, you moved over to her and leaned down, your lips searching for the comfo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader

freeform: 
Protective Wanda Maximoff
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Hydra (Marvel)
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Avenger Reader (Marvel)

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Reader

