Work Text:
This had not been a part of Peter’s plans. It was his senior prom, and his girlfriend would be expecting him to show up to this dance. He knew MJ would understand if he had to go out as Spider-Man to save people’s lives, he just wasn’t sure if this qualified as an acceptable excuse. He turned to Happy. “Why is Miss Potts not doing this?” The man sighed, eyes still locked onto the door in front of them. “Pepper is representing the company, not Tony.” CEO duties, right. Peter was trying not to fidget and failing, but he felt that it was fairly understandable given what he was about to do. “And no one else would be able to represent Mr. Stark?” Happy hesitated before taking a folded paper from his suit pocket and handing it to Peter, not making eye contact. “No one else legally can.” The statement had Peter freezing in place. He hadn’t realized it was more than a stepping in, this was legally binding.  With trembling fingers, Peter slowly opened the tri-fold paper. The crisp paper and neatly typed lines all tied together by a single grand signature. Tony Stark. And at the top was Peter’s smaller signature. Happy sighed. “Kid, you did read all the pages, right?” Peter had skimmed all the pages. There had been at least 50 of them he had to go through and sign!  “Not carefully,” Peter admitted, eyes locked on Mister Stark’s signature. “Are-“ He looked over at Happy. “Are there other documents similar to this one? Like- That put me in charge of things during emergencies.” Happy wouldn’t look at him. “You should probably reread those documents later. Pepper has copies of the records in her office.” Peter didn’t get the chance to protest as the head of security pushed the doors open. Cameras were flashing, and the table of Avengers had a single empty seat waiting. He was sure most of them expected The Tony Stark. But Mister Stark was in a medically induced coma as Doctor Cho was frantically working to remove the magnetic bullet. Peter wished he didn’t have to do this. That Mister Stark was okay.  But he couldn’t change what had already happened. He had to move forward.  All of his mentor’s training was rather useless in this field, The Stark Snark was only tolerated because of the money and power that backed the billionaire. Instead, Peter tapped into his Spidey Sense. Slip into the confidence of Spider-Man. He let the adrenaline for a fight flood his body, bring him to the edge, make every move intentional.  “Who are you?” A voice broke through the shuttering of cameras and Peter paused, turning his attention to the reporter that had spoken up. With the confidence of Spider-Man, Peter gave her a smile with a touch of sass. “Is that really your sole concern in a nationally televised meeting on the topic of balances and checks for heroes?” He didn’t wait to let her finish, continuing to walk toward the table. “You’re far too young to know anything about true power or responsibility to be knowledgeable about the accords.” It wasn’t one of the reporters, it was a general. General Ross, Peter’s memory supplied for him. Peter realized the smile had slipped from his face.  Letting out a breath, an almost laugh, Peter brought the smile back. “I think I can understand now why my mentor thinks each and every single one of you is a remorseless manipulator.” Peter didn’t let his smile falter or grow, just sit. “But now I can see what you really are.” He continued walking. “Scared, desperate people who want nothing more than safety and security.” He stood at the table, looking out at the crowd of reporters and generals, and politicians.  “And you’re willing to rip that away from anyone to secure it for yourself.” Peter tilted his head. “You speak so grandly about responsibility while excusing your own neglect and selfish errands. I promise you that the America I know has no room for anarchy as it does not for tyranny.” Finally, he sat at the table, letting Spider-Man sit confidently and in control. The plan was simple. Represent Tony Stark’s perspective on the Accords.  The irritation and incredulous looks he was receiving from the attending members was slightly validating. Being irritating was Spider-Man’s greatest weapon. It pushed others to be reckless. The leader of the talks was Pepper Potts, much to Peter’s pleasant surprise. “We welcome you all today to the discussions regarding the accords. The legality, reason, and reality.” She spoke with the confidence and power that Peter had seen over and over again in the women in his life. Aunt May. MJ. Gwen. It was inspiring to be sitting beside her. Miss Potts turned to the table. “In attendance, representing those whom the accords affect primarily, are the Avengers.” She met Peter’s eye but made no noticeable move or expression. “Captain America. Black Widow. Falcon. Hawkeye. Scarlet Witch. Vision. War Machine.”  She had skipped over Peter as she moved from Vision to Rhodey. But Miss Potts was clever. “Standing in for Iron Man, as his legal representative, Mister Sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
BAMF Peter Parker
Sassy Peter Parker
snarky Peter Parker
Smart Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is the heir to Stark Industries
He Just Doesn't Know It Yet
Fictional politics
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Captain America
Civil War Team Iron Man
Equal Defense
No Bashing
Well - Freeform
we bash on General Ross
But just a little
Not Canon Compliant
playing loosy goosy with canon

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Avengers Team & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

