Work Text:
He was the God of Fire, which, really, should have been all Tony needed to know that Loki was going to cause him problems. Major problems. There wasn't really any guarantee that he was the real thing, though, at least not from the files SHIELD gave him, and so Tony couldn't be sure until he actually met the guy in Germany. He'd popped the faceplate of the suit once they were on the quinjet after Loki's surrender and it took him less than a second to place that scent.Ashes. Flame. Smoke. Home.He'd always known the old gods existed, of course, but he never thought he'd actually meet one. Especially not this one. His parents had never even met one and they'd been around for ages. Tony was barely more than a wyrmling, though he was fast approaching middle-age by human standards. He'd have to start making contingency for a new identity. (Perhaps he could fake a kid, his skills with illusionary magic were certainly high enough to pull it off with the media. SHIELD and the Avengers team could prove to be a problem, though.)He was surprised Loki didn't react, didn't instantly know he had a foothold among his captors and twist it to his advantage. The red dragon heritage within him, from his father's side, wanted to grab the god and flee immediately. It was only the instincts of his mother's side, his gold dragon half, that held him back. They whispered in his ear that something wasn't right, that he should wait and find out more about the situation. So Tony waited. Of course, it didn't stop him from getting royally pissed when Thor showed up to take Loki away from him. Thor couldn't have him! Tony had only just found him!It took all of his self-control not to shift right there and turn the hammering idiot into burning hunks of meat. (Though his actual ability to do so was somewhat questionable. Sure, he was a dragon and could take any normal human being no problem, but he wasn't exactly one of the ancient, super-powerful ones. Not yet.) Instead he'd stuck to his suit, remained disguised as a human, and never let his cover slip. That didn't mean he was going to be warming up to the thunder god anytime soon, though.It wasn't until he encountered Loki again that things finally clicked into place for Tony. Sure, he was young, but he was still a damn genius. There was no way Loki wouldn't recognize what Tony was when they were alone in his penthouse. His scent was everywhere and he was a creature of fire. He called to Loki in the same way that Loki called to him. They were of the same ilk, except Loki was the source of that ilk. It was startlingly clear that something was just not right. Then Loki had raised his scepter and pressed it to Tony's chest.Barton and Selvig, they were only human, the scepter would have swept through them with little trouble. But Tony? He was a being of magic, a being of fire and cleverness and the very embodiment of stubbornness. He pushed the invasion of his mind back with a vicious growl and then kept right on pushing, pushing until he was in Loki's mind and shoving the influence back and away. Here, in the incorporeal plane, he appeared in his true form and he let loose a torrent of flames, burning away that which invaded what was his. For Loki was certainly his now. The god gasped, shuddered, and would have collapsed completely if it weren't for Tony catching him in his arms.The effort he'd exerted in pushing out the influence meant his glamour had dropped somewhat in the physical world. His hands were taloned, scaled in gleaming red all the way up to his elbow, and his feet weren't in much better shape. He was pretty sure his shoes were utterly ruined. A forked tongue flicked over sharp teeth and he didn't have to look in the mirror to know that his eyes had changed to a swirl of red and gold. His wings and tail had burst through the back of the undersuit, rendering the entirety of his outfit unusable ever again. It was entirely worth it to see the way Loki gazed upon him with such awe…and this wasn't even his final form."Oh, young one…What have I done?"Like this, all of Tony's senses were enhanced and he couldn't resist nuzzling his face into Loki's neck to breath in more of his scent. It was rather intoxicating."Nothing you would have done had your mind been your own. There is still time to stop this."He felt Loki nod before the god pulled away, clearly dragging himself back together. His eyes never strayed from Tony long, though, and the dragon preened at the attention. He knew he was a handsome beast, and he fluffed his wings a bit to make himself appear even larger. Without even thinking of it, he slipped fully into his true form. On all fours, he was about as tall as a horse and quite a bit longer. Horns swept back from the crest of his head and wicked spikes lined his spine all the way to the end of his tail. Despite the vibrant red of the majority of his body, his underbelly was the color of molten gold. Loki appeared completely enamored by him and ran a tentative hand 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Baby Dragon
Possessive Behavior
Deals
Alien Invasion
Bargaining
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Does What He Wants

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

