Work Text:
Strange ReactionsStephen walked in on his partner, arms round Peter and a murmur of “Love you too, Dad.”“Glad you two accepted it, it’s about time.” He said with a smirk, walking behind them with a nod at May, who was looking at them both, eyes red but grinning.He was glad Tony, and to a lesser extent Peter, had finally got to this point. Months of watching them get closer, listening to them both worrying about the other taking things the wrong way. The denials were the worst because they would inevitably do so in each other's presence and therefore they would convince themselves that their familial affections would ultimately be rejected. Peter decided Tony would never think of him as his son, certain that the very idea was ridiculous, Tony tried to convince himself that Peter was just an intern and protégé, that all his worries about the boy where normal and in no way parental, he was also under the mistaken idea that Stephen didn’t want kids anyway and would not be open to the concept. Stephen had known Tony had kids long before they started dating. Even not including Peter, it was obvious from the beginning of their alliance that Tony was a father to his bots and his AIs. Stephan knew that even now, losing JARVIS still hurt. Vision was a bit of a sore point. He loved Vision too, perhaps as the illegitimate son of JARVIS, unlooked for and unexpected but loved. However, he reminded him so strongly of JARVIS that it brought the pain to the surface regularly.They broke apart with matching scowls, aimed entirely his way. They also had matching red eyes to go with May. Surely this hadn’t caused all three of them so much distress. The idea of Tony in tears, in front of others, deeply concerned him and the smirk dropped from Stephen’s face. “Is everything alright? You all look a mess.” He asked, worried that some disaster caused this confession. Not what he’d been hoping for.Three of them smiled back at him, Tony still with his arm around Peter. “Yeah, it’s great Stephen, absolutely great.” Obviously, he was missing something. Tony couldn’t seem to stop smiling. The tears were confusing, but seeing him this happy was wonderful.“Good news then?” He tried, still completely at a blank. All of them were in an odd mood. All three of them had wide smiles despite the red eyes, happy tears?“I’d say so, but I think really, it’s up to you Kid.” He gripped Peter’s shoulder and pulled him close. Peter looked up at him and somehow grinned wider. “Yeah, it’s good news, Dad.” They both blushed at the last word. Whatever it was, they were still in the giddy phase. Or someone had given them both too much caffeine again. Last time Peter had too much coffee, they literally had to peel him off the sofa, because when we finally crashed, that’s where he’d been, and he’d fallen asleep still attached. “Anyone fancy cluing me in?” Stephen asked, waving his hands at the group. Even now, he wasn't a patient.“I’m Peter’s Dad,” Tony said, and Stephen swore he could see tears pooling at the corners of his eye. He’d expected them to get emotional about it, but not like this. Nothing added up.“Well, yes. Been telling you for months, surely it’s not news?” Tony ignored him when he brought it up, but that was largely denial and uncertainty over Peter’s reaction.“No, I mean yes, but that’s not what I meant. I’m his Dad Stephen.” He put an odd emphasis on the word Dad. It must have meant something, but Stephan was still confused.“Yes... we covered that?” He tried again. This time hoping for more logic.“He means my biological dad, Doctor Strange.”“What? I thought Richard Parker was your father?” He was more confused than before. Peter spoke about his parents rarely but, he still knew plenty about them through Tony. Richard and Mary Parker died when Peter was far too young. They’d both been research scientists and, from the odd hint May dropped, they both kept too many secrets. Was this one more secret?“Richard loved him and raised him, but he wasn’t Peter’s biological father,” May said. “We all knew, but until today I’d never known who. As Mary never told a soul.” She was solemn, serious, but not upset. They must have gone over all this before he arrived.“Tony? When? How?” He had so many questions. He looked at Tony, wishing he could understand all this. And understand how everyone had taken it.“I found out a few days ago, Friday’s fault.” There was an odd static noise that Stephan recognised as Friday, showing her annoyance. “Not that I blame her!” He said. Quick to reassure her, and the static stopped. “Took me ‘til today to get my head round it. Told May first, and she agreed to let Peter know.” He grinned at both of them, then back at Stephan. “Only just finished telling him when you arrived. Been a long day, but worth it.Later, they explained the whole story. Tony getting embarrassed when he pointed out he barely remembered Mary, Friday chiming in for her part of the story and May and Peter filling in the rest. “Long day indeed.” He
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

