Work Text:
It was the feeling Eddie would dread. His brain would start going and his body could not keep up. He didn’t ever quite know why. Sometimes he just would panic. 
Eddie, please relax what is wrong?
The gentle but still deep and powerful voice tried to coax Eddie out of his panic. Whenever Eddie would shut down, Venom found himself to almost be detached. All he could feel was the empty and stinging feeling that they shared. 
Eddie please let me come out, let me help

Eddie darling please let me help 
The voice was almost a faint whisper in Eddie's ear as he sat hunched over his desk with his hands against his eyes. His body was stiff and his breath hitched as he sobbed. 
Just bug off, please not now
Eddie admittedly did not understand why he felt this way, it was sudden and unexplained. His week had caught up to him and sometimes something as small as an early morning or the thought of another article being due, would send him over. 
Eddie I can feel you are upset 




No shit just let me deal with this 

Why are we sad Eddie, please 
The voice began to grow in volume as Eddie stopped crying. His eyes were red and he sat up straight. He pulled in a deep breath and let it out through his teeth before speaking
No fucking clue 

Eddie, why are we sad?




Did you not hear me the first time, NO FUCKING CLUE!
Eddie’s voice rose in volume as his anger caught up to himThey both sat idly and Venom felt a small tinge of heat break up the cold and icy feeling. Venom was hopeful that he could try and talk Eddie down.Eddie realized he was yelling and in a calmer more annoyed tone said
Just leave me be and stay out of my way right now 
Eddie got up, still feeling heavy and stressed. He leaned over the bathroom counter and looked at his face in the mirror. His eyes were puffy and tears streamed down his cheeks. He was stressed and sometimes he would get overwhelmed. He knew venom was still there and feeling everything and that was the worst part. He wanted to sit and deal with his outbursts of stress by himself. 
Eddie 




STAY OUT OF IT 
Venom knew Eddie was hurt, what Eddie didn’t know was that Venom was too. He could feel everything. 
Eddie please 




WHAT!?
Eddie let out a sharp yell in a huffy, breathy voice. It was admittedly not the brightest move. With his outburst he got even more stressed that he had angered venom. 
Eddie I am upset 
Eddie paused as he looked in the mirror again 
Huh? 

I am upset, you are upset, we are upset




What do you mean YOU are upset, i’m the one crying here, stressed and a mess for no reason. 

We are upset 
Eddie put his hands over his eyes again and sat down, Venom slowly could feel the icy divide break away even more. He slowly started to creep himself around Eddie. 
No no no, come on hey hey what are you doing?
Before Eddie could go back to pushing away Venom, a slow tendril curled itself around Eddie's hands. He slowly started to see his hands become a large, clawed, black mass of goo. Eddie felt smaller tendrils begin to crawl over his face and cool it down while wiping his tears. It was as if in seconds, a large and warm weighted blanket overtook Eddie, enveloping him until Venom’s form was fully sitting on the hardwood floor. Venom’s voice was now at full normal volume but he still spoke quietly
We are sad, it is okay 
Eddie tried to fight back against Venom, but he was too tired and just sat with the calm feeling of venom surrounding him. 
Yes, we are sad 

And we don’t know why 




No we don’t 
Venom sat with his large form almost completely still, other than the light tapping motion of his claws against the floor Their thoughts raced as Eddie sat thinking about what happened 
I am sorry I was an asshole, idk why I even feel like this. It’s really stupid when you think about it and 

Eddie 
Eddie was cut off from his ramblings as Venom slowly unwound himself from Eddie. Eddie was left sitting on the floor and could finally feel the cool air from the apartment on his face again. He could feel his heart had slowed down and his breathing was normal. 
That’s the stupid thing about panicking you know sometimes I just feel fine and then it just POOF
Eddie hunched over and fiddled with his thumbs as Venom sat still inside of him 
Eddie it is okay, we feel overwhelmed sometimes. I still love you




Well, that’s good 

I know you do not want my help sometimes, but I am here




You are? 

You are not sad, we are sad

You are not overwhelmed, we are overwhelmed 

I am not stupid, you are though 
Eddie let out a laugh and could feel himself become lighter. Venom had been squeezing him and he didn’t even notice 
Wow that’s really nice, now you’re bullying me? 

Not bullying just stating facts here
Venom said in a mocking tone as he lightly toyed with Eddies hair 
Don’t touch you’re not allowed 
Eddie laughed as he swatted at a tendril Venom slowly manifested himself in front of Eddie and looked at him with a toothy smile Eddie gave a small smirk as he leaned over and touched
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Panic Attacks
Comforting
Cute Banter

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

