Work Text:

It's been a while since I did a Bruce/Betty ship fic. Originally, this was going to be a reunion fic, which sees both of them reunite after the events of Endgame, but I decided to make it a wedding fic. It's baffling that Betty never got a mention after The Incredible Hulk, because I enjoyed her interactions with Bruce in that film and the less said about the Bruce/Natasha relationship in Age of Ultron the better. I also don't care much about the upcoming She-Hulk show on Disney, even though Bruce Banner is back in his human form. Bruce/Betty is one of my favorite ships in the MCU and I believe that Mark Ruffalo would've had good chemistry with Liv Tyler as Edward Norton did.

This story will be set after Endgame, but no Professor Hulk, because I wasn't a fan of how that storyline was handled, and just like my 2018 Marvel fanfics, I imagine Ed Norton in the role of Bruce Banner, because while Ruffalo does a great job in the role, Norton resembles the comic book version much more. Also, for this fic, imagine Thor being the one who snapped everyone back to life.

Disclaimer: I do not own The Incredible Hulk or The Marvel Cinematic Universe. They belong to Marvel Studios, Stan Lee and Kevin Feige.
A year has passed since Thanos' defeat at the hands of the Avengers and the reversing of the Snap. The world hadn't felt such peace over the last five years, now that half of the universe had been restored to life. Following the Battle of Earth, the Sokovia Accords had been terminated by the United Nations due to how unconstitutional they had been and soon Thaddeus Ross' illegal imprisonment of the Avengers as well as his illegal manhunt of Bruce Banner and his involvement in recreating the Super Soldier Program had been exposed to the public.Afterwards, Ross was discharged from his duties as Secretary of State by President Ellis and spent the rest of his life in his imprisonment until he suffered a fatal heart attack a year later. He was buried alongside his wife, Karen Lee-Ross. Among the attendees to his funeral was Banner, his daughter Betty, Leonard Samson, Steve Rogers and Sam Wilson, who they attended out of respect for the man only.Steve and Sam comforted Betty at her father's funeral and she told them about her history with Ross. Neither of them expected Ross to have a soft side, in spite of his obsession with capturing superhuman individuals. Bruce remained by her side and helped Betty alleviate her grief. He then sensed a feeling of deja vu; Bruce spent years mourning Betty's death in the Snap and her father, consumed by grief, was determined to turn what was left of the public against the Avengers. Now that Betty was back and reunited with Bruce, Ross never got the chance to see his daughter one last time before his death and now she had to deal with it.Bruce and Betty were now on a small cruise ship that was sailing above the sea. It was a warm, bright summer day. Bruce was wearing a light blue dress shirt and khaki pants and Betty was clad in a black kaftan dress that covered her swimsuit and showcased her beautiful legs. She was lying beside Bruce and had her head resting on his chest as she wrapped her arms around him. Both Bruce and Betty felt the warmth the sunlight provided and enjoyed the sound of the shore. Neither of them had felt such peace in a long time.Bruce couldn't recall the last time he enjoyed such quietness. All of these years spent going on the run from Ross and his forces, who sought to extract the Hulk's powers and recreate more super soldiers. Even when he was working with the Avengers, it wasn't quite the same. While he did care about Natasha and continued to mourn for her, he knew their relationship wasn't going to last, as she used him so the Avengers could keep the Hulk in check and they were trying to break Bruce and Tony's friendship, because Steve was worried that Tony might have had influence over Bruce.Even his time as Sakaar's champion for the Grandmaster didn't provide peace for Bruce. In fact, he felt stressed by the environment provided by the place, causing him to remain as the Hulk for two years, and felt traumatized by the memories of killing opponents for the Grandmaster's pleasure. Had it not been for Thor, Bruce would surely have remained as the Hulk for a long time.When the Hulk lost against Thanos, Bruce's other half was reminded of the abuse he suffered under his father's hand, which scarred him to the point he was unable to come out and help Banner when the Avengers were fighting Thanos. Upon learning about Betty's death in the Snap, Bruce left the Avengers and went on the run from Ross' forces. During these five years, Bruce fell into a deep depression, blaming himself for her death and becoming more isolated.Bruce initially refused the Avengers' offer to rejoin the group but soon relented once he realized this would be an opportunity to bring back everyone back to life. During this time, Bruce sought to make peace with his other half and encourag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Wedding
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

