Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The two boys stood at the playground where they had met just a week before. The smaller was looking at the ground, hair in his face. He didn’t want to look up and meet the equally pained expression of the other boy. The clothes were not that interesting, but they were somewhat of a distraction as hands fidgeted with them. There was an oil stain at the bottom of the taller boy’s shirt. Nothing too important.“Is there really no way to contact you? No way for us to communicate?” He looked up at the boy as he spoke. Dark hair, maybe a fraction of a shade lighter than his own. A bit of scruff indicating a beard was starting to grow in. Brown eyes staring into green. The expression was enough to show that he was upset, in pain, almost as though he had been betrayed. Of course, there had been no betrayal. The shorter boy let his hand fall from his sleeve, shaking his head. “I’m sorry. My father is strict. Being with you this week was dangerous as it was…” He let out a sigh, looking back as though looking for someone watching.“Nothing? No way to just send a letter? Or call me? Hell, I wouldn’t mind you just moving in with me!” There was a feeling of desperation in the voice.“I’m sorry…” The smaller shook his head and looked down. He didn’t want to go. Really, he hadn’t been this happy in a very long time; leaving just felt like he was leaving everything behind.It was silent for a moment, the two of them just standing there. It was starting to drag on before finally, the one moved. The taller of the two stepped forward. His hand reached out to lift the others chin up to make it easier to do one thing.The green eyes widened some as lips pressed against his own. This had not been something he expected… but it had not been something he rejected. He slowly closed his eyes to take the feeling in. This would be their last time together, and though it was painful, this small moment was worth it. The taller pulled away first, looking to make sure he didn’t upset the other too much by his actions. He was relieved to see the other wasn’t offended. “Maybe you can find me when I become big.” The smaller gave out a bit of a chuckle. “Maybe. Hopefully, I will recognize you since we never gave each other our names.” That had been a choice they made since they would only know each other a week. “I’ll see if I can meet with you then.”  Of course, he knew he wouldn’t. There would be no way. “I have to go…” The small smile they had both wore faded as they hugged one another. They both could have shed tears in that moment, but they tried not to. The kiss had been bad enough. They couldn’t cause more pain.And with that, they parted. One went back home to his parents and his engineering, the other… back home to Asgard.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Panic Attacks
some violence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Iron Man 3
Slow Burn
Thor starts being a big brother again
Odin isn't being that bad
Magic
Angst
Fluff
best friend steve rogers
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Using Hel instead of Hela
Forgiveness
Forgiving
Character Death

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

