Work Text:
Listen.The history books don’t mention it for obvious reasons, but it’s honestly common knowledge if you know the right people. For instance: any family member of a Howling Commando ever. Their wives, their children, their children-in-law, even their grandchildren. Everyone’s heard the fucking stories, alright? They all fucking know. Because in their infinite wisdom and increasing age, the Commandos decided somewhere along the way that they would not suffer quietly and they would not suffer alone.Oh, sure, you catch Pappy Dugan or Granddad Jones in a nostalgic mood, they’ll tell you all about the usual things. Dugan misses his bowler hat, Jones misses listening to Dernier talk about his fucking explosives, they both miss the price of eggs and milk, and inevitably they’ll reach for the phone to call up their old buddies.Catch any of them--any of them--when they’ve been drinking, though, and it’s best to get the hell outta Dodge. Take the booze with you and for God’s sake, unplug the fucking phone, because if they get a hold of one of the others in that state, they’re going to be reminded of a story they forgot. A story which they will then feel the need to share with anyone who’s near.So, yeah, their descendants have all been privy to insider knowledge of what it was like to work with Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes. They all know stories that they wish to God they didn’t.And if any of the Avengers had bothered to contact the families of the Commandos after bringing Bucky Barnes home, they would’ve known, too. They would’ve been warned. Any Legacy will tell you: warning is key. Expectation makes it easier, somehow.No one picks up the phone. No one thinks to ask. And the entirety of Stark Tower learns the hard way:Bucky Barnes is obsessed with Steve Rogers’ ass.* * * The first instance is not really an instance at all but it does deserve an honorable mention. And to be fair, that’s because Bucky doesn’t start the discussion of That Ass, he just kind of walks in on it.In the gym. Where Steve is working out. And the rest of the team - sans Thor and Bruce, plus Sam - is admiring his, ah,  form.Bucky, thus far, has used his time in Stark Tower making himself as comfortable as a recovering prisoner of war possibly can be. Most days are spent barefoot in soft sweat pants and black tanks, hair haphazardly pulled back, and always with some sort of snack in hand. Today is no different and the current snack - an apple - is already half gone by the time he finds everyone in the gym.“ -- know how many lunges I’d have to do to get an ass like that?” Clint complains as Bucky sidles into earshot.Tony snorts. “All the lunges in the world couldn’t give you an ass like that, Barton.”Sam pinches the bridge of his nose. “Can we please not talk about my boss’s ass?”Clint ignores this in favor of sniping, “Remind me, Stark, do you have an ass at all?”Tony scowls and crosses his arm defensively. It doesn’t escape anyone’s notice that he turns his body so that his rear is no longer available for critique. Natasha laughs a little meanly.“I never knew you boys could be so insecure about your,” she pauses, “assets.”“With teammates like you and Cap," Sam says, "it’s easy to develop a complex.”He doesn’t actually sound that concerned about the state of his own assets, though.Bucky rolls his eyes and looks across the gym to the subject of conversation. Steve faces away from them, completely focused on decimating the punching bag in front of him and completely oblivious to the audience. Each hit jars his body and does, indeed, bring the focus to his ass which visibly flexes and in some cases even bounces with his movements. It’s far too easy to see in the threadbare sweats he’s wearing, which are not dissimilar to Bucky’s own.Actually, upon closer inspection, those might actually be his sweats.“Stevie ain’t done a lunge in his life,” he says suddenly, still standing behind them. He knows this as fact immediately, though the holes in his memory don’t exactly lend it a lot of credence.  Tony nearly jumps outta his skin, whirling around to glare at him, while Natasha and Clint just spare him a glance. Sam looks about as surprised as Tony but his reaction is much more controlled, merely turning his head to give his attention.“You can still bounce a quarter off that ass, though,” Bucky continues. “I should know; I’ve done it.”He takes a bite of his apple and leaves them in favor of joining Steve, hoping for a chance to spar. As he walks away, the whispers start up.“He didn’t mean he  actually--”“No way, man.”“Hey, Nat, can I...?”“Don’t even think about it, Barton.” * * * It should be noted, of course, that the Commandos and their descendants caution against encouraging Barnes’ fixation in any way. That includes the casual objectification and discussion of That Ass if he’s in the same country, let alone the same building.The Avengers have no way of knowing that and so they have no idea what force they’ve let loose among them. 
 5. 

[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Crack
5+1 Things
Sexual Humor
Gratuitous Alcohol Usage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

