Work Text:
Tony makes it to the end of the road before he stops the car right in the middle of the street. He sits there for a couple of minutes, staring blankly through the windshield. It's a beautiful sunny day, bright enough that he can blame the sudden wetness in his eyes on the fact that he forgot his sunglasses. His fingers start to ache and he realized, somewhat belatedly, that his grip on the steering wheel is so tight that his knuckles have gone white.In front of him lies a drive to the airport, followed by a short flight back to the city, and then another drive back to the tower. The empty tower. Pepper won't be there, because she moved out months ago after she caught him building another Iron Man suit, and their relationship fizzled back into an awkward friendship not long after. And now JARVIS won't be there either. He'll just... be alone.The idea is paralyzing, crippling in its intensity. He's never been alone in the tower before. JARVIS has always been there, even if Pepper wasn't. He's always known that JARVIS would be on his side, supporting him, never betraying him, because JARVIS wasn't human, but he was loyal and amazing and this feels like the worst sort of punishment that anyone could've come up with. If this is what God - or the gods, who even knows at this point - has dreamed up as atonement for his part in creating Ultron and Vision, then fuck them all. Tony wants no part of it.He shuts his eyes and leans forward, drawing in too quick, sharp breaths. He can't go back to New York. He just... can't. If he walks into the tower and has to listen to the silence, to the emptiness, then he's going to kill himself. No one will know, he'll just drown himself in whiskey and vodka until the pain stops and his body can't take it anymore (because the hurt is so jagged, so visceral, that it would only stop when his body shuts down) and it ends.Tony can see the headlines now. And it's tempting, it really is, because no one has ever accused him of being a selfless man. At the same time, he knows he has to atone for his part in what happened. It's his fault. He carries the blood of all those people on his hands. Somehow, he needs to make up for it, and he knows where he needs to start. There's loss, but then there's punishment.His body acts of its own accord, wrenching the steering wheel to the side, foot slamming down on the gas. The car shrieks as it spins around, two tires leaving the pavement for a split second. Tony speeds the whole back to the facility, delighting in the shock stares his approach garners. He slams to a stop, throws the door open and gets out, stalking back inside.There's no need to ask where the rest - other Avengers are. Tony is drawn to them, and he finds them immediately. Rhodey, Sam, Wanda, Vision, and Natasha are all listening while Steve rattles off a lecture about how important team cohesiveness is. Ironic, really, considering everything that they just went through, because the kindest thing that could be said about their team is that they haven't tried to kill each other in the past two days.Natasha spots him first, of course, and her eyes widen just a little. Wanda's head pops up a second later, and then Vision. Rhodey, Sam and Steve all have their backs to him, but Rhodey and Sam still catch on first. By the time they've turned around, Steve's realized that no one is paying attention to him. He starts to turn. Tony gets there first and helps him, fisting his hands in Steve's suit and smashing their mouths together.Steve makes a startled sound, a sort of "gumony?" that is probably supposed to be Tony's name. Tony is beyond caring. He kisses harder, pouring months worth of ignored sexual frustration into that one kiss, until Steve gets the damn memo and starts kissing back. His hands start on Tony's hips before sliding up, ghosting across his ribs."Aw man, I didn't need to see this," Sam complains. "That's just - ow!"The yelp is enough to make Steve jerk away, the material of his suit slithering through Tony's grasping fingers. Wanda is blushing. Vision is already walking away, and doesn't that still make Tony's heart twist. Rhodey is staring hard at Tony. Natasha has Sam's ear in a - Tony knows from experience - grip that is vice tight."When Mom and Dad finally start to make up, you do not interrupt," Natasha said, her voice sweet with an edge of scary. "Weren't you listening to the lecture? Team cohesiveness is important." She starts walking towards the door, hauling Sam along with her. "Come on, Wanda."Still eyeing Steve and Tony with eyes that are a bit too interested for Tony's taste, Wanda trails after them. Rhodey hesitates, still staring at Tony. "You okay, man?""I'm fine," Tony says. It must not come out right, judging from the identical looks of concern. He shoves down the rising tide of emotions and forces a smile. "Steve and I have some unfinished business, that's all.""Right," Rhodey says, clearly skeptical. "Does this have anything to do with you and Pepper
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
heavy spoilers
Mourning
Grief
emotional breakdown
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
failed use of sex as punishment
Angst
Grieving
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
blame
self doubt
Suicidal Thoughts
Bathing
washing
Crying
breakdown - Freeform
Cuddling
Sleeping Together
Hurt/Comfort
Kissing
Getting Together
First Kiss
Hopeful Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

