Chapter 1



Notes:
Someone requested this on my tumblr so I hope you enjoy it.




Chapter Text
“It wasn’t your fault, Steve.”  Bucky said slowly. Steve stood frozen just outside of the hospital room.  From the window he could see Stark, bruised and beaten down worse than he had ever seen him.  Bruce, Clint, and Natasha were in the room with him, hovering a bit too close to the bed and intimidating the doctors and nurses that constantly came in and out of the room. Stark looked far smaller than he had ever been in all the years they had been a team.  Of course, he had always been a small man, taller than Natasha but just a touch shorter than Clint and Bruce.  This was different though.  This was the loud and confidant man lying deathly still in a hospital bed and seemed like such a fragile and delicate thing that had been broken and beaten and damn close to death because Steve made the wrong call. “You know that’s not true.”  He said slowly. Bucky wrapped his arm around his waist and pulled Steve close, turning him so that he was no longer looking into Stark’s hospital room.  “Shut up, Stevie.  You didn’t know it was going to do that.  It was a mistake.  No one blames you.” Steve buried his head into Bucky’s shoulder.  He loved this man, trusted him with everything, but at this moment he was wrong.  It was his fault, he completely believed it was.  He had misjudged the situation, he hadn’t considered the possibilities, and didn’t think twice before ordering Iron Man into what should have been an obvious trap. He was just thinking about the safety of what he thought were civilians in a building that Doom had set to blow.  He thought they had more time before the bomb went off, the timer told them they had more time.  The rest of the team was trying to stop the doombots from attacking the rest of the city, there was no chance they could save the one building that they had planted bombs on. Iron Man’s scanners had said there were no heat signatures, the building was empty and it would be fine.  Stark said he would pay to have it rebuilt so it was an expendable structure.  But Steve had heard it, voices calling for help from the building, and ordered Stark in there to find whoever it was.  Steve didn’t know it was a trap, he didn’t know the doombots had recorded human voices to lure them inside.  He definitely didn’t know the timer on the bombs outside of the building was wrong.  It was a trap, he had fallen for it, the building collapsed, and now Stark was lying unconscious in the ICU. “He’s going to pull through.”  Bucky whispered to him.  “That man can survive on pure stubbornness.  Now let’s go in there and you’re going to take charge like you have to.” Steve nodded against his shoulder.  He loved Bucky so much, would forever be thankful for having him back.  He always knew what had to be done, what would be best for everyone’s wellbeing.  Steve may have been the team leader, but since Bucky had come to the tower a year before he had quickly become everyone’s caretaker, making sure they all felt physically and mentally well. They walked into the room quickly, Steve held onto Bucky’s metal hand as if it were a life preserver.  No one looked up as they entered and no one even acknowledged Steve.  They were all too focused on Stark as he lay motionless in the bed in front of them.  He looked even worse up close.  The deep purple bruises dotted almost all visible skin and he could now make out all the little cuts and scrapes that covered Tony’s body.  A large tube was sticking out of his mouth, a machine breathing for him. “What’s his status?”  Steve asked firmly, keeping his voice as steady as possible. “Lucky to be alive.”  Clint muttered. Bruce shook his head and gave Steve and Bucky a quick glance.  “He has a severe concussion, three broken ribs, he fractured his left radius, and has some slight damage to his spine.”  Steve closed his eyes.  This was terrible and it was all his fault.  He didn’t want to look at anyone, didn’t want to see the judgement in their faces or the damage he had done to his friend and teammate, but he forced his eyes back open and looked at Stark closely. “Damage to his spine?”  Steve asked quickly.  He wasn’t a medical professional but his mother was a nurse and they covered the basics in the army.  Spine injuries were serious. “The doctors have been running tests since he’s arrived.  There is a small amount of trauma induced damage to his neck area.  More precisely, C7 and T1.”  Bruce said slowly.  “They won’t be able to give him neurological tests until he wakes up to see if there is complete or incomplete damage, but they have hopes he won’t be entirely paralyzed.” Steve held in a sigh of relief.  He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he had made the call that paralyzed Iron Man.  But Bruce didn’t sound happy, he sounded distressed and concerned.  Natasha and Clint looked downright devastated. “What is likely to happen?”  He asked.  He really didn’t want to know, but he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Major Character Injury
Hurt Tony
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Avengers
Coma
Head Injury
spinal cord injury
Injury Recovery
Physical Therapy
Caretaking
Relationship Problems
Slight Age of Ultron Spoilers
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Feels
Misunderstandings
Oblivious Tony
Seizures
Abuse
medical misconduct
Non-Consensual Touching

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

