Work Text:
He’s awake before Steve’s out of the shower, but he stays in bed and stretches and scratches at his belly anyway, waiting. Steve’s left coffee for him on the bedside table. He gulps it down even though it burns; he likes it. Eventually the shower shuts off and Steve comes out, just a towel around his waist, pink all over and dripping water. The air in there is hot and the steam spills out behind him. Bucky doesn’t care; his showers are scalding, too. “Mornin’,” Steve says.“Get over here,” Bucky replies. “Ain’t even eight,” Steve complains, but he’s smiling all of a sudden, brighter than the sun coming up outside, and he leans down and lets Bucky kiss him anyway. “Thanks,” Bucky says, for the kiss, but Steve thinks it’s for the coffee, so he doesn’t say anything. “Yeah,” Steve replies, and wrinkles his nose. “It’s only so’s that I can stand to kiss you before you brush your teeth. You know that, right?” Bucky, fond, tugs him down on top of him with a jerk that knocks the air out of them both. They say oof in tandem and it makes Steve laugh. Bucky shuts him up by wrapping his arms around him and kissing him again. His towel’s slipping off his slim little hips, sexy as hell, and Bucky touches his warm pink skin all over, squeezing. Steve is so soft, and he smells so good. “Aren’t you hungry?” Steve asks, breaking off for a second. “I only had two sandwiches. We should go out, get some food.” “You get me up this early, you pay the price,” Bucky tells him. “See, I woke up with this problem, and, uh, I think you’re the one to take care of it, Captain Rogers.” “Problem, huh?” “Yeah, feels like swelling, if you can believe it –” Steve tugs off the towel and suddenly he’s naked on top of him, laughing at the bad line, kissing him still. “I really am hungry,” he insists, after another long second, even though he’s wiggling around like a dog in Bucky’s lap, panting and glad about all recent developments. “Me too. So get up here,” Bucky says. Steve goes to kiss him again, but Bucky ducks. “Nah-uh, up here. You know what I mean. What, you never heard of breakfast in bed? Fuckin’ heathen.” “Buck,” Steve huffs, pleased, anticipatory. A little embarrassed, just a little, knee-jerk when Bucky talks that way. “Jeez.” “What, it’s been a while, baby, s’been a while…” And Steve lets Bucky kiss him, and reach down and squeeze his ass. Steve’s getting hard, and his dick prods and rubs against Bucky’s belly and his own cock in his boxers, hot. “You know how I like it, sweetheart, come on. For me?” “You don’t gotta talk me into it,” Steve chuckles, and then they’re laughing with each other. Steve’s so happy this morning, Bucky can’t even hold the early hour against him. “Yeah, what a burden it is for me, lettin’ you.” “I know it’s rough,” says Bucky seriously, “But I just get concerned about all the dick you get, Steve. I think you need a break sometimes. Make sure everything’s still in working order down there. Tip-top – hah – shape –” “God, shut up,” Steve groans. “You’re awful,” and he clambers up Bucky’s body. “Try not to break the headboard, I’m not shelling out for a new one,” comments Bucky.Steve heels him in the ribs so Bucky smacks him on the ass. “Rude,” Steve grumbles, grabbing onto the headboard. “That’s just – oh –” Bucky’s a guy who has priorities, what can he say. It gets so hot so fast like this, Steve sitting on his face, no other options about where to stick his tongue – so he just gets to it, reaching up, hands spreading his ass open. He flattens his tongue and licks him and almost laughs. Steve’s such a little asshole; he’s always expecting to get some, so he always cleans himself up, routine like tucking in the sheets every morning and checking the give by bouncing his finger off the bed as he walks past. It’s cute, is what it is. Cute like his smile, cute like his ass; frankly a little presumptuous – “Buck,” Steve gasps. This is Bucky’s favorite thing about doing it like this: well, no, he has a lot of favorite things. When it’s a girl, how wet it gets – all over his chin, his mouth. But when it’s Steve, God, when it’s Steve…“Christ,” he says, because Bucky’s nose is nudging against that softest, sweetest little patch of skin behind his balls. Bucky’s drunk on the sounds, the sighs, the hitching, surprised gasps. Steve’s wet enough now – they like sloppy – that Bucky can press his metal thumb inside, hold him open, and so he does, and licks around it, and scrapes his teeth, gentle, gentle. “Buck!” Steve says. “Oh – oh –” That’s what Bucky loves: those soft needy little noises, the hungry, hungry moans. Steve just never knows what to do with himself, if he wants it harder or wants it less. So Bucky goes harder. He butts his nose against Steve’s perineum and then nuzzles into it and slips his thumb in further and shifts around to kiss at it, at that smooth, sensitive skin, press with his mouth. Steve gets all high-pitched and overwhelmed, finally deciding, and grinds down on Bucky’s face. There it is. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Face-Sitting
that's all

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

