Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint had never really worried about bonds before, had never put much thought into it. He tends to avoid spending his heats with anyone, suppresses them or spends them alone for the most part and it is difficult to bond without sharing heats or ruts together. It takes time for a bond to form properly, to become something more than just left over hormones , and there has been only one time when a partial bond started to form and that had not been by Clint’s choice.He still thinks about it sometimes, about the mission that went wrong, being taken and dosed with something that forced a heat, an alpha in rut being placed in the same room with him, being there for days. It had been years ago and a lot of the details are a bit fuzzy but he remembers blue eyes, cool metal fingers touching his skin, how strong the alpha was. He remembers the smell of the alpha, remembers his own forced heat smell, how bitter smelling it was but how it changed after about two days, a natural heat taking over and his smell becoming sweeter. The alpha had nuzzled his neck more when it changed, had breathed it in like he had never smelled something so nice.The alpha had been aggressive, the rut making him want to claim an omega, and he had taken Clint often during those days. Clint fought, tried to stop himself from being taken though the heat and instinct told him not to, that it would be simpler to let the alpha have him, but it did little good. The alpha was strong and fast and subdued Clint and took him. He did not bite but he covered Clint in his scent, left bruises where he could, and he barely let Clint move away from him even as his rut started to subside a bit. When food was brought to them, he had held Clint closer to him, had not let whoever brought the food to them near him.Clint remembers muttered words coming from the alpha, different languages coming at different times. There had been words of possession, words of praise. Most of them did not stick with Clint but there had been one instance when a claiming had been finished, the alpha still inside Clint and holding him close, that he remembers the words spoken clearly.“If it is allowed, I will keep you.”The alpha had claimed Clint’s lips with a kiss after the words, before he could say anything to them, but he can remember the hope in them, the longing in them even years after. Days passed in that room until both the rut and heat had calmed and then Clint was given cloths, taken out of the room, the alpha staying behind when a command was given but his eyes stayed on Clint the whole time. He was able to escape then and he remembers the feeling of wrongness at leaving his alpha behind.SHIELD had evaluated him when he got back, told him it was possible he was partially bonded by what they could find out. The fact that he had ended up with a natural heat during the alpha’s rut had started to trigger the bonding process but it wasn’t completed ,he would feel it for a little while but it would go away. The alpha’s smell had lingered on Clint for about a month and a half and there was a need in him.   When his next heat hit, he did not spend it with anyone else and the bond went away soon after that, though Clint still thought about it at times, had looked into who he thought the alpha might be but it did not lead anywhere. Almost all stories of the winter soldier are ghost stories and Clint does not have time to chase ghosts.Clint moves past the almost bond, is careful to avoid capture and spends his heats almost entirely alone. It works till Loki comes, till New York happens, and then Steve Rogers enters his life and things become different and pretty soon, Clint is no longer spending his heats alone but he doesn’t really think about what that means till Natasha makes him.“You are starting to smell of Rogers.”She says it simply one day as they are having lunch at his place, just the two of them and it makes him put down the bite he was just about to take and stare at her. She doesn’t miss a beat and simply keeps talking.“I noticed it the other day and it hasn’t changed. He smells a bit like you as well.”Clint gives just a bit of a shrug at her words, picks up his fork again and takes a bite before speaking.“We have been spending a lot of time together, it happens.”He tells her this as he tells himself this, tries not to think about certain things. He doesn’t deny what she is saying, he has noticed Steve’s smell lingering on him as well, but he tells himself that it is harmless, doesn’t really mean anything even if he knows it isn’t the truth, even though he feels the pull. Natasha speaks again, voice matter of fact .“You have been spending heats and ruts together. It is not a bonded smell, not yet, but it is getting stronger and you are going to have to decide a few things soon.”He knows what she is saying and he gets it, if things continue the way they are, eventually a full bond is going to start and Clint needs to decide if that is what he wants
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers-past
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Brainwashing
Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dark
Memory Alteration
Stockholm Syndrome
Forced Bonding

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers-past
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

