Work Text:
Cutting his boot repulsors, Tony dropped first to his feet then to his knees. He flipped the catches on his helmet and gauntlets, feeling the bitterly cold mid-winter air on his exposed skin and set them down on cracked sidewalk.
The Hulk’s scream of mingled rage and pain caused the cement underneath Tony to ripple like a breeze-touched pond. Pulling out as many tools as he could reach from the compartment in his shin plate, Tony began cutting into the metal encircling his team-mate’s knee with a mini acetylene torch.
“I know big guy, I know.” Hawkeye tried to console the green goliath, his full-body weight pressing across the Hulk’s chest. It would do little to restrain the Hulk in most circumstances, but Bruce’s psyche had imprinted upon his alter ego one absolute command. Don’t harm the other Avengers.
“What is it?” Captain America asked from just over Tony’s left shoulder as the Hulk’s fist smashed an indentation into the gutter.
“Frankenstein’s bear trap,” Tony answered absently, cutting further into the metal casing. “A restraint manacle that’s been butchered into a torture device, the more he struggles the tighter it gets.”
The condemnation emanating from the Captain threatened to melt the snow pattering gently onto their little tableau. A few moment of relative quiet as Tony tried to identify what the hell this thing was made of.
“He’s shrugged off direct hits from tanks, how is this hurting him?” Cap was now actually at his side and seemed to be protecting Tony’s tools from the minor tremors caused by the Hulks thrashing.
“I don’t know,” Tony gritted out as he tried to catch a wire in some needle-nose pliers that were far too big for the intricate work he was doing. “The metal isn’t metal, but it isn’t anything I’ve worked with. And I’ve worked with every alloy on this planet.”
“Alien then?”
“Depends on who was sponsoring these mooks doesn’t it? They looked human to me.” Tony had recorded everything for his SHEILD masters, but while the weapons were tech no-one had seen before, the terrorists had been human. As far as they knew.
“Off, OFF!” Hulk yelled, shaking off Hawkeye and waving the huge, deadly palm of his hand towards Tony.  Fortunately Cap’s shield blocked the blow and allowed Tony the time he needed to attack the tiny engine within the manacle. 
“Hulk! Stop moving.” The Captain ordered his voice even and sure. “Tony is getting it off for you. Calm. Down.”
“Not too calm.” Tony said, finally using the small pair of pliers to pull a fishing-line snarl of wires into view. “Hulk’s toughness is the only thing stopping it from breaking his knee, if he turns into Bruce….”
“We’d have a crippled Avenger.” Black Widow finished as she dropped from the top of an upturned taxi. “We’ve got the ringleader, and SHEILD are bringing in the last of her troops.”
Cap handed Tony another set of pliers as soon as he had separated five wires from the bundle stretched across his palm. Stripping the casings, he began neatly cutting and finishing each wire, one eye on the slowly tightening circle. Bottle green bruising had started to mottle Hulks lower thigh while Barton literally straddled his chest, speaking urgently into the rage twisted face of their friend.
“Status of the hostages?” Cap spoke to Widow but Tony knew that the clear blue gaze was on his hands and their desperate work.
“Two dead, two injured. Some survivors say the bank teller was the inside man, others that he was just helping them because he was threatened.” She reported without an opinion offered one way or the other.
Silence once again save for the Hulk’s pained grunts and Tony’s humming of the base line of ‘The Beautiful people’. The general chaos of New York after an ‘event’ seemed distant from their little group.
The unmistakable sound of bone cracking was followed by a terrible noise somewhere between a bellow and a cry of agony.
“Stark…” Cap began.
“I know, I know.” But Tony wasn’t there yet, the system was complex and he was pretty certain he’s just caused that broken bone by ripping out the wrong piston. “Here…pass me that cable?”
Quickly Cap handed Tony the piece of sign rigging, watching as Tony forced the half-inch wide metal rope through a small hole he’d made in the manacle. Looping and twisting Tony pushed an end back at Steve. 
“Pull one end and tie the other to a car or something, it might delay the squeeze.” Tony didn’t bother to look as Widow darted to yet another abandoned taxi and Steve leaned back against a power pole, bracing his feet firmly underneath the snow.
“Thor’s still ten minutes away.” Hawkeye reported, hands moving across Hulk’s forehead in an effort to stop the behemoth’s thrashing. 
“We’ll be done by then.” Tony promised, the turn-over of the taxi’s engine causing the cable to pull taut and Hulk’s breathing to slow a fraction.
It also caused the final piston to shudder momentarily, allowing Tony to get deep enough to access the last links to the power source. Four more stripped wires and he was done.
“I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

