Chapter 1: A Truth Universally Acknowledged
    




Chapter Text
 Dragons, humans just love the idea of them, and Darcy loves the humans' ideas about dragons. She loves their ideas about magic too. Because humans think dragons and magic don't exist, and so dragons and magic can be whatever they want it to be. Actual magic is hard work; Darcy prefers the fantasy stuff.Bingley, her clutch-brother, thinks her fascination with the humans' fascination with their species is strange. He doesn't understand her fascination with humans at all, actually; he doesn't understand why she would want to crush herself down into a human shape and play at living a human life.“We are the last ones,” Bingley says to her, when he's consented to visit her tiny apartment in the city and squish his scales down into a human shape to do it.He looks very handsome – never let it be said dragons were not vain – with the thin form, boyish face, and dark hair he's chosen, but Darcy can already tell that the condensed and limiting, white-skinned, and fleshy body is irking his patience. He could never stand to look like anything but the peak of youthful maturity, unlike the aged body his clutch-sister is wearing, and can barely stand being human anyway. She can practically feel the displeased glare of his inhumanly golden eyes, which she knows he keeps purely to freak people out.Darcy doesn't reply to his statement. Bingley is simply working himself up into another rant about how it beneath their dignity to pretend to be a part of the species that drove their own into fleeing for the other realms. He doesn't get it, how nice it is to have company and to fit in, even if only superficially. Bingley would probably stay in his cave with his hoard if he didn't feel the need to grumble at her every few decades or add to his hoard.“We are the last ones,” Bingley repeats, “and you would abandon your true self – your true form and birthright – for this?” He sweeps a hand, curved like a claw, around her parlor. Then he does the same with his eyes and sneers at the knick-knacks that Darcy has filled the small space with.Darcy puts down her book, a recent story of fantasy by an English professor that she has been enjoying immensely. Smaug, with all his wickedness and cleverness, reminds her of their mother before their egg-bearer decided the filth of humanity's presence was too much to bear. This is the fourteenth time she's re-read it, and she always finds something new to appreciate about it each time.She casts Bingley an annoyed look as he pokes a clawbent finger at the mobile of flying glass dragons hanging by the window; he pulls away – dragons respect other dragons' property or get their scales plucked – then goes to poke at her umbrella stand carved to look like a dragon instead – curious, nosy things, dragons are.“For company,” Darcy corrects, scowling. “I would do it for the company.”Bingley turns his neck and shifts his shoulders in such a way that Darcy knows he is trying to flutter his wings in an expression of displeasure. “And what is to be desired about their company?” her clutch-brother demands. “What is the attraction of being surrounded by such petty, murderous, selfish, self-centered creatures who have no awareness of or respect for the world they are destroying?”“That described our species' presence on this planet once upon a time too,” Darcy counters. “Just because we knew more and could reach further into the universe did not make us any less petty or murderous or selfish or... or... what was the last one you said?”“Self-centered,” Bingley bites out with a growl.“Yes, that. Would you honestly try and claim we're not those things, Bing?” Darcy asks.Bingley looks away from her intent stare and pouts openly. Darcy is reminded that he is twenty-seven minutes younger than she is; he had such trouble fighting his way out of the egg and their elder-clutch-brothers and elder-clutch-sisters never let him forget it.“Fine,” he says, “we are petty and murderous, we are selfish and self-centered. But what is the appeal of spending your time among a race that is all those things and small and weak and lacking in knowledge about the greater universe? They are unaware of all the other realms and greater forces, and you have to lie to walk among them! They are so... simple!” “And there's the appeal,” Darcy tells him, tapping a finger against the cover of her book. “They're so naive, Bing. They're so hopeful. They have such wonderful hopes for the greater universe, for the future and what's waiting behind every corner. Such imaginations and ambitions – so ugly and beautiful all at once.”Bingley only scowls at the book she's pointing at, ignoring her words entirely. “Is that the human literature you chose these foolish names from? I told you, they are undignified and I dislike them. Especially when you will not even address me by the full foolish name you have given me this time. It is disrespectful.”“Shut up, Bing,” Darcy replies.“There! There! That
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Universe Alteration
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
Not Canon Compliant
Not Beta Read
Canon-Typical Violence
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Dragons
dragon!Darcy
Darcy Lewis-centric
Awesome Darcy Lewis
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Because I Can I Guess
Crack Treated Seriously
Self-Indulgent
On Hiatus

fandom: 
None
