Work Text:



“This is getting embarrassing pretty fast.”
Tony panted heavily against the floor while at the same time narrowing his eyes into what could pass for a glare at Steve as he laughed at his complaint. A moment later Steve was leaning down to look at him. At least, Tony thought Steve was leaning down to look at him: he could feel Steve's weight shift forward and assumed that's what it meant. Right now Tony was on his stomach, with all patented US muscles of writhing sexiness that was Steve Rogers planted solidly on his back, thighs pressed into thighs and one hand clasping both Tony's wrists together in an entirely impossible to break grip. The other hand was pressing fingertips lightly to the nape of Tony's neck, playing with some tufts of hair there. Tony had been meaning to get that cut.
“Do you give up?”
Flexing a little bit, Tony pondered his position. His breaths came a little slower, gasping pants turning into heavy breathing as he forced his body to calm down and his mind to take back over. Steve's thighs weren't moving anytime soon – those two meat hammocks might as well be made of the gold and titanium alloy used in the Iron Man suit. Tony flexed again, only to confirm that his legs couldn't move any distance at all. Correction: Steve's legs were almost definitely heavier than the Iron Man armor. Great.
“Come on.” Steve's breath was hot against Tony's ear, causing him to jerk beneath the larger man. He had to work to suppress a moan. “Give up.”

Tony flexed his arms. Steve's hand was big, and solid, but he thought... if he could just... Tony considered his wrists. If he could turn them both in, he could make them suddenly thinner in Steve's palm, loosening his grip and giving him the opportunity he needed to break free. “Thinking,” Tony mumbled, just so Steve wouldn't take his silence as acquiescence to defeat. 


As smoothly as he could, Tony twisted his wrists and tugged. He was able to slip out of Steve's grip, freeing both his hands in an instant. Okay. Good. Maybe now he could just shove up with his shoulders and-

“Gotchya. Again.”

Tony huffed petulantly against the padded floor of the gym. His wrists were safely ensnared in Steve's hands – both of his hands, this time. He hadn't even managed to move the big guy: his hips were still pressed tightly against Tony's ass, his thighs locked over Tony's own. Tony squirmed a little, allowing himself a moment's indulgence as he rocked back against Steve's half-hard groin. Fuck. The longer they did this – and they had been wrestling around on the gym floor for almost an hour now – the more the idea of giving up and letting Steve be on top tonight was a good idea. Probably the first good idea Tony had come up with all night, considering his first “good idea” had been to agree to grapple with Steve to decide who would be on top tonight. Pinned beneath all the bulk that was Steve's super-serum enhanced form, Tony couldn't figure out 
what
 he had been thinking at the start of this. That he was smaller than Steve, and somehow more agile? That if they were just grappling and not sparing, Steve's power wouldn't give him as much of an advantage?


Smart, Stark. Really fucking smart. And they call you a genius
. He should give back four of his honorary doctorates just for all the missteps in logic he'd managed to make this evening. 


Tony tried flexing his wrists again. No. This wasn't going to work. Allowing himself one last, good huff into the padded floor, Tony grumbled out: “Okay. Give. One more round, though.”


Immediately Steve's weight was off him, and Tony slowly pulled himself up into a seated position. Fuck. Twisting to the side, Tony stretched until he felt – and heard – his back pop. He rolled his neck as he took Steve's extended hand, popping that as well as he let Steve yank him to his feet. Steve's expression was much to smug for Tony's liking, but he could change that. He just had to win. He hadn't managed to for the past hour, and had gotten pinned about six times, but. Hey. Lucky number seven, right? Tony liked to think Lady Luck had a soft spot for him. And not just because he could screw Vegas royally if he even bothered to pay attention when he gambled. 


Steve's fingers ran through Tony's hair, a grin curling lopsided on his face. Tony rolled his eyes, slapping Steve's hands away and squatting a little as he got ready to go again. “Come on, come on. Let's go.”


Steve shrugged, stretching his arms above his head. His muscles rippled as he did: sweat-slicked skin flexing and contracting, biceps and triceps and trapeziums all moving in a gorgeous, practically Grecian perfection. 


Tony felt a sudden urge to wipe drool from his chin, even if there wasn't any actually there.

“You sure you're ready? Don't need a water break?”

Tony rolled his eyes. Steve barely looked flustered, so therefore Tony shouldn't be feeling 
that
 tired. Even if his muscles did ache, surprisingly much. And his arms and thighs felt a bit like wet nood
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
grapple play
Flirting
Fluff
Anal Sex
Humor
Hair
Roughhousing
Rough Sex
Dirty Talk
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

