Work Text:
1The first time it happened, Tony was joining Steve in the kitchen for a post-post-coital breakfast (Tony added the extra “posts” in his head to emphasize the sheer amount of times he and Steve had fantastic sex the night before. Though really, it should read something like post^4 or 5: depending of course if you counted the amount of times he had achieved orgasm, or Steve. He supposed he could add the two and go with post^9, but that would probably be just bragging). Tony was sitting on a barstool, enjoying his morning drink. Steve was dancing around in an apron and boxer briefs, frying himself up some bacon and eggs. Tony was just sitting back and enjoying the view from his perch on the stool.“Shield brothers!”Tony almost fell off his stool at Thor's grand entrance into the kitchen, setting his drink down onto the kitchen island just in time. Then Thor slapped Tony on the shoulder as he walked passed, and Tony was really glad he had put his drink down.“Hey, big guy.” Tony rubbed his shoulder, chancing a glance down before keeping his eyes steadily trained on Steve. The Captain turned around just in time to spot the same thing Tony had, and flushed bright red. Tony nodded, holding out a hand in a “I'll take care of it” gesture to Steve. “Hey, Thor: remember how we talked about clothes? Outside the bedroom?” Thor glanced down at his bare... well. He looked back up, somewhat bewildered. “Listen, buddy.” Tony clapped a hand to Thor's shoulder. “You're giving poor Steve an aneurism.”Steve definitely looked like he was going pop a blood vessel: face turned all red, eyes staring decidedly upwards as the bacon burned behind him. Suddenly Steve's eyes lit up, and he turned around to scramble through the kitchen drawers. A blur of pink and flowery cloth later, and he emerged triumphant with a fresh apron. He handed it over to Thor, eyes flickering down for just a second before his face turned even brighter red and he looked away again.Reluctantly Thor put the apron on, looking over Steve and imitating the way he had it tied around his neck and waist. It didn't cover his ass, but then again... Tony chanced another glance downward. He could live with that view.“But Brother Steve!” Thor clasped a meaty hand to Steve's equally meaty shoulder. “Surely you are no stranger to the pleasures of the male form?”Tony coughed, returning to his drink. Yeah, he'd let Steve field this one for now. Maybe come to his rescue after a few minutes of Steve spluttering and flushing. After all: he looked so damn adorable when he was embarrassed. Tony wasn't going to come to Steve's defense and deprive himself of the sight just yet.Sure enough, Steve flushed, looked at Tony, flushed some more, and shifted uneasily where he stood. Abruptly he seemed to remember his bacon, and turned back to the stove. Everything was reasonably burned - bacon and eggs both - but he still slid it onto the plate he had ready and started to toss some peppers and onions on the bacon grease leftover in the pan. “I... I don't...”Thor was at Steve's side, one arm wrapped around Steve's shoulder, the other snatching up a piece of bacon as he watched Steve cook. “Don't be bashful, good friend. The walls of our domicile aren't made of hardy Asgardian stone and steel: your nocturnal activities were quite evident to me last night!”Okay. That's enough Steve-embarrassment for one day. Tony finished off his drink and went to set it in the sink, grabbing Thor's attention in the process. “Hey, buddy: over here.”Thor turned eagerly to Tony, eyes glimmering with... praise? Tony shook his head, ducking to hide a grin. His life had taken an interesting turn, as of late: standing in the kitchen with two gorgeous men in aprons, discussing his fantastic sex life with one of them with the other. Not exactly what he figured he'd be doing on the wrong side of forty when he was a young, brash, cocksure kid at MIT. “Now, Tony: I must request something.”Tony waved a hand in a promise to listen. “Sure thing, big guy. Shoot.”Thor frowned at the expression, before his face cleared as he seemed to decide to let it go. He was learning, at least. “When the two of you copulate-”Poor Steve. He launched into an extensive coughing fit over his burnt breakfast.Thor continued, unfazed. “When the two of you copulate, could you keep control of Steve's exclamations of orgasmic bliss? He tends to be rather vocal, and of course even warrior gods need their rest.”Tony considered this for a moment. He would believe aliens needing sleep, but gods? He shook his head, letting it go. After all, Thor's classification as god or alien was still a matter of debate. Instead he patted Thor on the shoulder as he rinsed his glass and put it in the dishwasher. "Sure thing, buddy. I'll do my best to keep Steve quiet next time."Thor laughed, smacking Tony on the shoulder in gratitude - or apparently, congratulations. “Though I must compliment you on wringing such exclamations of ecstasy from your lover, Tony. S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Coitus Interruptus
Humor
Fluff
Flirting
Dirty Talk
Hurt/Comfort
Anal Sex
Sex Toys
Bottom Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

