Chapter 1: Movie Nights
    




Chapter Text
Bucky's first week in the tower was...volatile. At least in his own mind. He was on edge, restless. Couldn't sleep without being inundated by memories he didn't want. Memories of the terrible things he had done. Most of his time was spent in the training rooms punching anything and everything he could, though he refused to spar with anyone. He didn't trust himself that much. The rest of his time was spent wandering. The tower was pretty huge, but it still only took him a few days to memorize the whole thing. He knew all the access points, knew the security shifts, and could've told anyone interested how to get in and out without being noticed.The people were okay. He just had to get used to not regarding everybody and every movement and every second look as a threat. Steve's heart was in the right place, but Bucky couldn't help feeling a little smothered by all the attention. Tony just eyed him warily whenever they were in the same room and occasionally offered to make him a new, less Soviet Union-y arm. Bruce was nice enough. Bucky liked that he could sit in the same room with the man and not be expected to talk. Bruce's lab was a bit of a safe haven when Steve was nagging. Though, eventually the silence got to be too much as well. Except when Tony was there. Bucky had a lot of respect for Pepper, putting up with that guy like she did. Also, she was kind of just motherly in a nice way. Concerned, but not overly so like a certain best friend. He liked Pepper. He was wary of Natasha at the best of times. She was lethal and he knew it. Those were the only people he interacted with that first week. The god guy, Thor, and the one they called Hawkeye were gone on missions or were on other planets or something. Bucky didn't pay that much attention.One night Bucky was wandering the halls aimlessly again. He had fallen asleep for a few hours only to wake up covered in sweat and fluff after having taken a knife to his bed in his sleep. He didn't even know where he had found the knife. Didn't matter though, he definitely wasn't getting anymore sleep that night.He rounded a corner and was surprised to see a light shining out of the door that led to the communal kitchen and rec room. Bucky hadn't spent much time in there, but Steve told him that the team sometimes had movie nights or drinking nights or whatever when they were all in town.He hadn't really planned on interacting with anyone that night, but his curiosity got the better of him, the light drawing him towards it inexplicably. He’d just assumed he was the only one who would be awake at this hour.He stopped in the doorway to the large kitchen and surveyed the room. Fully, possibly overly, stocked modern style kitchen. Sleek. Silver and red. Huge coffee machine to one side that Bucky wouldn't even begin to know how to operate. Two fridges, but if any of the tower's other residents had an appetite to match Steve's, that wasn't that surprising. Sitting on one of the bar stools was a man. Short, cropped blonde hair. Thick arms and shoulders. Large hands with nimble looking fingers. About Bucky's height from what he could tell with the man sitting down. He had a bruise high on his left cheek. Two high tech-looking hearing aids sat on the counter next to his elbow. He was eating a brightly colored cereal and watching Bucky curiously.This must be Hawkeye, Bucky thought. He certainly didn't look like a god, at least. Would a god need hearing aids?Slowly, the man reached for his hearing aids and fixed them into his ears, pressing something on the cell phone that was also sitting there. He raised an eyebrow and took another bite of cereal, still watching Bucky closely. Bucky let his eyes swing around the room again to avoid the man's gaze."Hi," he said after a minute. Presumably after he realized that Bucky wasn't going to say anything. His voice was nice. Even that one syllable sounded like it was on the edge of a laugh. Like he was about to tell the punchline to a joke. Different than everyone else Bucky had met here. Very different from his own. "You must be Barnes. I'm Clint."Bucky nodded once and shoved his hands into the pockets of his sweatpants, suddenly feeling uncomfortable. This man had clearly been told about him and it probably wasn't good things. He shouldn't have even come in here.Just as he was about to turn around and leave, Clint said, "I was going to watch a movie, if you want to join me."Bucky paused and let his gaze slide back to Clint's, the light brown eyes—like a smooth whiskey, Bucky thought—staring back at him. When Clint didn't flinch or look away, he asked, "At 3am?"Clint grinned brightly and shrugged. "Can't sleep, so why not?"This time Bucky held his eyes as Clint studied him. The guy wasn't a threat, not to Bucky, anyway. But his nonchalance at Bucky's presence was still surprising. Bucky was used to being feared, or, at the very least, watched cautiously. That wasn't the way Clint watched him. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Jemma Simmons

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Smut
Fluff
Angst
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
they hug each other
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Jemma Simmons

