Chapter 1: Following the Trail
    




Chapter Text
There was just something about the Avengers tower that absolutely, 100% drove Bucky out of his mind. The HYDRA bases had never been like that. They'd always been scrubbed down of scents, with only the occasional smell of blood or more vile things drifting from the cell block or the interrogation rooms. Even on missions, Bucky had never encountered a smell that called to his Wolf like this one did. It told Bucky to give in to his instincts, to run wild and come find whatever it was that tempted him so.
But he couldn't do that. Steve was counting on him. He was here to break free of what HYDRA had turned him into, not give in to it. He wanted the Wolf they'd put in him gone, even if part of him howled in pain at the prospect. He would not let this scent get the better of him. It was just a smell, nothing more, nothing he couldn't handle. That resolution lasted him all of three weeks and, surprisingly enough, it was Natasha that he managed to get past when the Wolf finally overcame him.
He hadn't even intended it to happen. He was usually well in control when they brought him food, which they did three times a day because he was confined to his room until they could be sure he was stable. His idea, not Steve's. It was just that the scent got so much stronger when they opened the door and let a burst of new air in. It probably didn't help that he hadn't slept in the last 72 hours. He'd knocked her aside and made a run for it before he'd even realized what was going on. The transformation had taken over by the time he'd made it to the stairwell.
His paws found the ground easily without him having to break stride. The HYDRA technicians had done well, his metal arm seamlessly shifting to match his alternative form. His silky black coat shone even in the dim light and he raised his muzzle to sniff at the air. The scent wasn't as strong here, but he could tell the source was only a few floors away. He didn't even have to think before he was bounding up the stairs, ears flicking around at every sound to make sure he wasn't being followed. No doubt Natasha would not be far behind him.
It was three floors, in fact, before the scent from under the door told him he'd found the right place. He pulled the door open with his teeth, not caring to shift back even partially for such a simple task. The Wolf would not allow it. He was only focused on one thing.
The carpet on the other side of the door was plush and soft, pleasing to have under his paws. The HYDRA bases had all been concrete. The Wolf enjoyed the comfort as he trotted into the space. He'd been let out in some type of foyer-come-living room that was thankfully unoccupied. The scent led his across the room and down a hallway on the other side, passing several additional rooms he ignored in pursuit of his goal. A voice spoke from overhead, JARVIS, what was left of his mind foggily supplied, but the Wolf paid it no heed. The voice had no body and thus could do him no harm.
The room at the end of the hall was spacious, dark and quiet except for a bit of a glow coming from a lump on the bed and a faint humming that the Wolf could only pick up because of his enhanced hearing. The scent was everywhere here, filling the space like the warmth of a fire, and the Wolf would have been content to just lay down for a nap except that he wanted to find the source of it. Cautiously, he crept closer to the bed, mindful now that the lump was actually a person.
The man lay on his back, tan skin and the circle of light in his chest exposed except for what was covered by his low-slung sleep pants. If they were both standing, the Wolf's back would easily reach the man's waist. His covers were pushed off to one side and a single hand hung over the side of the bed. The Wolf sniffed at the appendage, his cold nose making the man whine in protest and shift a bit in his sleep. It hardly mattered because a moment later the Wolf was all but climbing onto the bed in his excitement and desire to be close to the man. Yes! This was what he had been looking for! This man was the source of the scent!
"Wha-OH, HOLY FUCK SHIT BALLS!"
The man flailed wildly, jostled awake by the Wolf's assault and scrambling back until he toppled off the other side of the bed. Tail wagging with excitement that his person (because he was certainly the Wolf's now that the Wolf knew he gave of such an amazing, delicious scent) was up and active, he followed after the man.
"Woah! No! Hold on! Uh, uh, fuck! Sit, boy!"
The Wolf's rump hit the mattress like it'd been super glued in place and he whined at not being able to go to his person. He could smell the fear on the man now, intermingling with his natural scent. He didn't want his person to be afraid. Why was his person afraid? The Wolf could help! The Wolf would keep him safe! He would never let anyone hurt his person!
"Oh, thank fuck you take commands! I totally thought you were gonna kill me. How the Hell did you even
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Were-Creatures
Alternate Universe - Supernatural Elements
Vampires
Possessive Behavior
Claiming
Cuddling & Snuggling
Werewolf Mates
Ghosts
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

