Work Text:
When Loki appeared, everyone dove for a weapon except Tony. Partly because there was no way he could reach his suit in time, and partly because the last time he'd seen Loki their verbal fencing had gotten a little out of hand and unexpectedly naked, and he kind of wanted to see how this played out.Also, Loki was holding a potted plant, and really, that just raised so many questions."Housewarming gift?" Tony suggested. He batted his eyes. "Darling, you shouldn't have.""You," Loki said, in a tone of great resentment, which frankly Tony was quite used to from his one-night-stands. But then Loki put the potted plant on the kitchen counter and continued, "I have enough children. This one is yours." And then he fucking vanished.Well, that was weird."Did he just say children?" Tony said uneasily. Not from any real concern - he hadn't been that bad at biology, thank you - but just because 'children' was a word he hated to associate with people he'd slept with. It was the principle of the thing."Is that thing going to explode?" Clint said, keeping his bow up.And Thor walked up to the plant, inexplicably patted it, and beamed. "Welcome, nephew!""Um, Thor." Tony rubbed the back of his neck, not sure how to put this. "That's a houseplant. In a pot.""It's a coleus," Steve said helpfully, and Tony made a mental note to tease him about that later.Thor laughed. "It is far from the strangest thing my brother has given birth to! Why, I recall - but nay, that story is not mine to tell.""Excuse me, did you just say your brother has given birth." This whole conversation was rapidly giving Tony a headache, and then it got worse because Steve sucked in a breath and turned to him with an absolutely horrified and appalled expression."You slept with Loki?!"Well, shit. Tony took a breath, mentally sorting through his options. He'd been drunk? Loki had put some kind of spell on him? He'd been drunk and Loki had put some kind of spell on him?"Nay, my friend," Thor said cheerfully, coming over to clap Steve on the shoulder. "Loki's magics are powerful and at times escape his control. Just as his children are often... unusual, so too is the manner of their conception." He peered over at Tony, looking concerned. "He did not eat any part of you, did he?"Tony choked momentarily on a vivid memory of Loki's mouth on his dick, those sly green eyes gleaming up at him. "Ah... no. Nope. Definitely not.""No matter. There is no way to know what caused this." Thor looked around at them. "My friends, this is a joyous occasion!"Steve smiled hesitantly. Clint looked as doubtful as Tony felt, but he lowered his bow. Natasha was - actually, Natasha was looking at Tony with a deeply suspicious expression, and Tony immediately straightened up and did his best to look like someone who had never had sex with Loki. And definitely not really fucking awesome, hair-pulling, neck-biting, back-scratching sex with Loki on the kitchen counter.Huh. The same kitchen counter the potted plant was sitting on. Tony wondered if that was on purpose.Almost certainly."Okay," he said, aiming to project confidence and nonchalance. "So who wants a possibly-evil houseplant?"Thor looked scandalized. "You cannot simply give away your child!""You mean, like your brother just did?""To the father! It is entirely different." Thor frowned at him, deeply disapproving and somehow it actually made Tony feel a little bit guilty. Goddammit."Look," he tried again. "It's for the best. I'm not really good with plants. Or living things in general, really. If Loki gives birth to a robot or a toy car or something, then sure, I'm your guy, but--"Natasha snorted. She picked up the houseplant, walked over, and shoved it at his chest. Tony's arms came up around it instinctively. "Man up," she said. "Dad."Tony blanched. "I need to call Pepper," he said, shifting the plant to one hand so he could dig out his cellphone. Why did it have to be a plant? Oh god, was this because of all the chlorophyll he drank when he'd had palladium poisoning?"Put her on speaker," Clint suggested. "I want to hear how she reacts when you tell her you're holding your and Loki's lovechild."Tony stopped and put his cellphone away again. "I hate you all," he said bitterly.Thor seemed to understand that as his surrender, and beamed again, throwing his hands out expansively. "This calls for celebration!"--Parenting a houseplant turned out to not be too bad. With Steve's identification of it, Tony was able to delegate all the research to Jarvis and just get beeped with reminders. Give Cole three ounces of water. Turn Cole so his other side got some sun. Check Cole's soil wasn't too dry. And frankly Tony thought the plant actually looked quite good; large green leaves marked with veins in a deep, rich purple. Obviously any kid of his was going to be good-looking, but it was nice to know that his stellar genetics even crossed species barriers.He wasn't sure if the (possibly evil, possibly magical) plant could understand him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Community: norsekink
implied mpreg (if you count Loki)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

