Chapter 1: The Assignment
    


Notes:
This story is for Petite-Madame. She is absolutely wonderful, and I adore her and her art. This story is my 'get well soon' for her as she continues to go through some stuffs.




Chapter Text
Bucky made a point to sit at the back of the classroom. Always. The one time he’d sat at the front of the room, just to try it out? He’d nearly had a panic attack. There was something about having that many sets of eyes on him? Behind him? That freaked him out, especially after returning home from the Sand Box. No he was much more comfortable at the back of the classroom where he could watch everyone else. Plus he didn't like the side eyed looks he’d get from people. Even at his full height of 5’11” and a glare that would make most people’s eyes widen, there were still looks of concern, curiosity and disgust from his shoulder length hair, that sometimes made it into a bun, and an overly worn hoodie that probably needed to be retired, replaced or both. Didn't matter if it was clean, apparently there were far too many holes in it for this fine college, which was ironic considering some of the outfits that Bucky had seen returning back to the states had far more holes in it than his sweatshirt. Plus Bucky didn't want anyone seeing or commenting on the state of his left arm. Bucky didn’t talk much to people either. He didn’t have a lot friends, or people he particularly talked to regularly either. There were people he knew would give him notes from the previous class if he’d missed it, but that’s as far as his ‘friendship’ went with many of the people he encountered day to day in his classes. He ended up doing the majority of the work on group projects, which many of his group mates adored, and kept to himself.  He kept his head down and slowly reminded himself that in order to keep his GI bill he just needed to complete the courses and move on. As much as his therapist encourage him to cultivate friends, he found it really hard to find that balance that wouldn't just end up pushing people away and leaving him in a worse off state than what he’d be before meeting them.If Bucky was really being honest with himself, he led a double life. He had the persona that people saw here, reserved, cut off, shy and book-nerdish, constantly scribbling stories into a notebook, and then there was his alter-ego. The side of him that could pick out a threat in second, assess whether someone had intent to do something, the side that flirted with danger as easy as breathing and had landed him a lot of tail, both male and female, back before his accident. There was a part of him that craved to be that person again, to get back to a place where he could trust being himself again, letting himself be carefree and get the attention and touches that he craved. There was a side to him that longed to be safe, held, worshiped, and if he was being honest told what to do. Bucky was pulled out of his thoughts by a collective groan that rang out through the lecture hall. He lifted his gaze to find Professor Fury looking towards the back of the class, his brown eye zeroing in on Bucky’s row. Bucky shifted in his seat a little, readjusting the grip he had on his pen, his left hand flexing on the desk. “I have received many emails over the last two days asking what your final project was going to be, as it has said TBD on your syllabus, I’m here to put your minds at ease.” The sarcasm dripped from Fury’s voice as he looked around the room, before finally stopping once again on Bucky’s row. “You will be completing a TEAM,” groans once again sounded throughout the room, “essay and project. I will assign your partner to you at the end of the week, and you will have until the following class to make a compelling argument to change your partner if necessary. From that point you will have the remaining ten weeks of this course to research, compile information and thoroughly learn about a subject before presenting it to the class with a very detail oriented presentation. This is not a class where the minimum will get you by. You will need the next ten weeks. This is also the last week to drop with a W. If you wish to leave this class do so now, I’m sure there are a few of you in here hoping to get add numbers still.”The room shifted with movement and only one girl stood and exchanged a few words quietly with Fury before leaving the room. “Is that everyone? Alright then.” Fury turned and tapped the button on the top of the projector and busied himself with lesson preparations. Bucky groaned inwardly, sinking down into his seat as he contemplated working that closely with one of his classmates for ten weeks. Ten fucking weeks. He looked around the classroom, trying to imagine if there was even one person in this room he could fathom spending that much time with so closely, and as he looked around he could feel the signs of a panic attack starting to tighten his chest. His brain continuously started supplying reason after reason
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Brock Rumlow (PAST read tags)

freeform: 
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Military Backstory
Alternate Universe - College/University
Violence
Past Violence
Partner Swapping
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Tattoo
Tattoo Kink
Piercings
piercing kink
Flashbacks
Punk!Steve
punk!natasha
Vet!bucky
Kink Negotiation
Praise Kink
Dom!Steve
Sub!Bucky
dom!Natasha
sub!clint
switch!sam
Angst
mentions of past non-con/rape
Past Non-Con
Past Abuse
Past Relationship(s)
Dark Past
abuse of power over a subordinate
brock rumlow is a dick and should be shot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Brock Rumlow (PAST read tags)

