Work Text:
The worst part about being Tony Stark's paramour beau lover boyfriend -- was that it was nearly impossible to get a word in edgewise."Tony," Steve snapped, and he grabbed both of Tony's wrists, holding them down."Like that, huh?" Tony's eyes darkened, he licked his lips again, smirking. "Yeah, we can do it like that -- I don't mind it a little bit rough, baby, you know I like it when you manhandle me--""Tony!""Sorry, sorry. I'm being quiet." Tony said with a petulant sigh. "Look, look at how quiet I'm being, it's unnatural, it's not like me, Steve, come on, this is mean, don't be mean--""I'm trying to say something," Steve groaned. "It's important, Tony, just listen."Tony put his serious face on, finally stopping his wriggling. He was still perched on Steve's lap, knees braced on either side of him, but having Tony straddling him and silent was at least half of the battle. Steve just needed to get up the courage to get though the other half."Yes?" Tony prompted, smirking again. "Come on, Steve," and Steve thought he was going to have to shut him up again, but Tony fell silent on his own, a contemplative look on his face."It's." Steve said, but then his mind went blank and he had no idea how to go about explaining anything. "I. Uh, I want..."Tony's smile was predatory. He twisted his wrists, breaking out of Steve's grip easily. (Steve wasn't even trying, Tony couldn't have gotten away if Steve was trying to hold him, but that wasn't the point, the point was that Tony knew that, Tony trusted him to let go, and if Tony trusted him then it was really the least he could do to trust Tony back.)"Yes?" Tony prompted. "What do you want, Steve?"And he put his hands low on Steve's sides, a light, steady pressure under his ribcage.Steve blushed, reeling for words, anything that would help him in his predicament. "I," he said, and words failed him once again. "Um," he said inarticulately."You want to ask me to do something." Tony said, taking pity on him.Steve nodded."Is it something we've done before, or do you want to try something new?""We-- we've only ever-- only the once," Steve admitted. "Before, and it--" and Tony was looking at him, eyebrows furrowed slightly, and Steve thought that maybe if he needed him to, Tony would read his mind. That was -- that was good.  If Tony could read his mind, Steve wouldn't need to say things that were appallingly embarrassing."I want, uh, I want you." Steve said. "To -- to do. That. To me.""Oh," Tony said softly. He cupped Steve's face in his hands, leaning in to kiss him on the mouth, almost chaste. "Yeah, okay. We can do that." He kissed Steve again, barely a brush of lips, and when he pulled back, he looked a little amazed, wondrous.They'd only done it like that once before. Steve on his hands and knees on the bed and Tony behind him, because Steve had been embarrassed, hadn't wanted Tony to see his face. He remembered clutching the sheets, pressing his face up against the pillow and trying desperately to not make noise, because it had taken him apart in ways he hadn't understood and he wasn't sure if he'd ever be able to put himself back together. Afterwards, Tony had rubbed his back, long, soothing strokes, and pressed soft kisses to the nape of Steve's neck, and Tony -- Tony hadn't asked again, after that."I thought you didn't like it," Tony said, still cupping Steve's jaw. His thumb brushed over Steve's cheekbone, stroking gently."I liked it," Steve whispered. "I... I liked it, Tony.""Good," Tony said, leaning in close, kissing Steve again. "That's-- that's fine, that's great, Steve, any time you want me to-- to top, you just tell me, I like it either way, I told you that before."And Steve hadn't even thought of that, to use those words, words Tony threw about like they were nothing. It had never occurred to him to ask Tony, can you to be on top this time, hadn't crossed his mind that he could say, I want to be on the bottom--Because Tony was coddling him. Steve felt a mild flare of annoyance, because he didn't need to be handled, didn't need Tony to cushion him from anything. Especially not from words. They were just words, Steve wasn't some fainting miss, some fragile little dame who couldn't stand to hear a curse and who couldn't cuss like the best of them when the situation called for it--Steve held Tony a little tighter, sliding his hands up to cup Tony's shoulders, buried his face in Tony's neck. "I want you to fuck me," he said against his skin, and he could feel Tony's whole body jerk in response."Yeah," Tony murmured, shifting against Steve's hands. "That sounds good, that sounds amazing, Steve-- God, you--" and his hands were everywhere at once, stroking through Steve's hair and down his chest and--"Tony!" Steve had to pin him down, because Tony Stark on a mission was nigh on unstoppable, and he was also really flexible and pretty determined to get his hands on Steve's crotch. "Stop it, will you just--" and he grabbed both of Tony's wrists in one hand, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Porn
Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Dirty Talk
Nicknames
Schmoop
Fluff
Established Relationship
Inexperience
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Banter
No Spoilers
Pet Names
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

