Work Text:
To be honest, Foggy is insanely relieved when his mom asks him to take a gap year and watch over the coffee shop. He should be upset, probably, being a bright young thing fresh out of law school and ready to take on the world, but honestly? He’s fresh out of law school, and his brain is fried and his savings are run dry and he’s one student loan away from holding up a bank at gunpoint. Running a coffee shop is relatively easy by comparison, and it comes with tips, which is always a plus. “Do you have a Venti?” The girl in front of the counter asks, squinting at the menu board. Foggy wants to be annoyed, because she’s the sixth person to ask that today and Starbucks is pretty much the only place in the world that has a Venti. This place is not even close to Starbucks. Still, he sees the haunted look in the girl’s eyes—hidden behind chunky black specs, totally a hipster—and he smiles instead. “Wrapping up finals?” He asks sympathetically, and the girl startles out of her squinty trance and nods, groaning. “Okay, Venti is large, but for you I will put it in the biggest cup we have and add an extra shot of espresso. Okay?” “Thank you.” The girl murmurs reverently, and then she bursts into tears. Definitely wrapping up finals.  About ten minutes later, after the liberal administering of kind words and napkins, she’s toddling out the shop with a drink that would probably give someone a decade older a heart attack. Ah, to be young. He’s already a bit past closing after talking the girl down into some semblance of sanity (he knows what it’s like to be a sleep-deprived student and what they want to hear), so he locks up and goes to wipe down the counter, glancing at the tip jar and smiling gleefully when he sees that it’s full to the brim. God, he loves privileged college students. “That was nice of you.” “Holy hell!” Foggy stumbles back, looking around wildly for the deep, disembodied voice that is apparently impressed with his barista skills. “Um, am I hallucinating from exhaustion, or is there actually someone here?” The deep, rather attractive disembodied voice chuckles, and then becomes significantly less disembodied when a man detaches himself from the shadows and steps forward. He’s rather attractive too, to match the rather attractive voice, even though only super villain ninjas should be able to emerge from shadows. “Have you been there the whole time?” He asks, peering back at the shadowy corner the man emerged from. Foggy didn't even know his coffee shop had shadowy corners.  “And if so, what exactly were you doing? Because I’m pretty sure I didn’t sell you a coffee.” He would definitely remember selling a coffee to this guy. He would also remember scribbling his number on the guy’s coffee cup afterwards, which he totally would have done if given the chance. “I just slipped in a moment ago, actually.” The man smiles apologetically. “Sorry, I didn’t realize you were locking up.” Foggy tilts his head. “Yeah, I actually did lock up. Sorry, I didn’t mean to trap you inside.” He also hadn’t seen the man come in, which is sort of suspicious. Another point in the ninja column. “So, you want something to drink?” The man shakes his head. “No, I couldn’t. You were already putting things away.” Foggy waves him off easily, turning towards the cups. “Nah, it’s fine. For here or to go?” The man tilts his head to match Foggy’s, eyes hidden behind dark glasses. After a moment, his lips quirk into a small smile. “For here, I think, if you don’t mind the company.” 
So very much no. I get to stare at you instead of dirty dishes.

 
“No problem, take a seat. What can I get you?” The man steps towards him, and it takes Foggy a moment to place the man’s stick. It had been hidden before, folded up in the man’s sleeve, but now it’s tapping out a rhythm as he makes his way forward. Huh, blind. At least he won’t be able to see Foggy ogling him. “Left two steps and you won’t get the squeaky chair.” He offers, turning back to the cups. The man’s hums out a sound of thanks and does so, reaching up and finding the back of the chair one away from the creaky one. He smoothly pulls it back and settles himself in. “So, pick your poison. Black, white, mocha--shaken not stirred?” The man laughs. “Actually, a mocha sounds pretty good.” Foggy nods, reaching for his favorite mug. The man deserves the best cup, Foggy can tell. It’s a truly eye-searing shade of red, but it’s a pleasant, rounded shape and it always seems to keep the coffee warm, no matter how long it sits there. “You, my friend, get the red cup. It’s the best one, in case you were wondering.” “I’m honored.” The man says, smiling as Foggy turns away to get the drink started. “I’m Matt, by the way. Matt Murdock.” “Foggy Nelson. Well, Franklin Nelson, but Franklin just makes me think of the tortoise and Foggy sounds much cooler. Mysterious, you know? A dark and foggy night.” The man nods thoughtfully. “I can see that. It’s sort of hard-boiled detective meets sci-fi.” Foggy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
All People Who Pass the Bar Are Destined to Become "Bar"-istas
Vigilantism
Matt has issues
Kidnapping
The Dangers of Dating the Daredevil
The Chaste
Torture
And Yet Somehow Still Fluffy

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

