Work Text:
“Friend Rogers?”  Steve scrounges up a smile and looks up to Thor. His huge frame blocks almost all the light from the doorway. “Hey, sorry.”“For what are you apologizing?”  Steve actually doesn’t know. He’s still nursing the beer from hours before, and he’s been sitting for a long time now in the dim light of the Tower, looking listlessly at the empty takeout boxes. He has nothing to be sorry for, he realizes. He just doesn’t really like taking up space these days.“Nothin’. I don’t know. I should get to bed.” He hasn’t slept in a while. He doesn’t sleep a lot. He keeps the windows open and the door unlocked, when he does. He knows it’s a bad thing to do, especially in someone else’s home. He doesn’t care. He does it anyway. “Did you need something?”Thor looks at him for a moment. Then he strides over and sits on the couch beside Steve, like earlier. “Something troubles you.”Steve experiences a number of terrifying things, consecutively: first he’s gripped by an icy horror, because nobody, no one, can know about Bucky. It’s too dangerous.  But Thor doesn’t know. Thor, for all that he’s some kind of god, can’t know. There’s just no way. Nobody else on the team does except for Nat, and it’s going to stay that way. Then Steve feels ashamed, and then he is devastated. He gets this way a lot, thinking about Buck.“Nah,” Steve says. “I’m fine.”Thor keeps looking at him. “Friend Rogers,” he says, more gently, “You need not lie; nor should you feel obligated to reveal the truth. If it is a secret worth keeping, you are right to keep it. But you should not bear what weighs on you alone.”“I’m just —“ Steve looks down at his hands. The bottle of beer is green, and Steve thinks of pubs and bars in Europe: the late nights, and Bucky’s sweet low laughter, against his neck, into his mouth. Jesus. Jesus, he needs to get it together. “It’s nothing. I’m — I’m missing someone. That’s all.”“A friend from before?” Thor hazards.“Yeah,” agrees Steve, quiet. “Yeah, a friend from before.” He sets his beer on the table and scrubs his hands over his face. His throat is tight. He really should sleep. He knows he looks awful, all red around the eyes, and trying in vain to drink himself to unconsciousness. He gets like this. He hates it.“Friend Rogers,” Thor says, “Steven.”“Steve. Just Steve, Thor.”“Steve. Will you permit me something?”“What’s that?” Steve asks.Thor takes Steve’s face in his big hands and kisses him on the mouth, chastely. Steve knew exactly what he was going to do — Thor kisses people when they’re sad. It’s the same thing for him as giving somebody a hug, or words of encouragement. But humiliatingly Steve’s spine melts, and before he can stop himself he knows he’s leaned too far into it, his mouth opening. Steve jerks away; he’s got no right to abuse a cultural practice or an act of friendship, and he just has. Thor has a girl. Christ.“Sorry,” Steve blurts. “Jesus, I’m sorry. I’ll just, I’ll go. It’s been a long — a really long day for me.”He makes to stand up, but Thor grabs onto his elbow. Now Steve couldn’t move if he wanted to. “You needn’t apologize when you haven’t done any wrong.” Quit sayin’ sorry, Steve hears, in Bucky’s voice. Annoyed, authoritative, worried. Steve tries to swallow.“Steve. You may tell me, if you wish.” Thor’s voice is quiet and deep, and their faces are too close. Suddenly Thor seems to have an idea. “Would it help if I were to continue?” he says.“Continue what?” asks Steve dumbly.Thor cups Steve’s face in his hands again, and again, Steve knows what’s going to happen. When Thor kisses him this time he doesn’t even bother pretending. Thor’s mouth his hot, and his beard scratches all along Steve’s jaw and his chin and his lips. Steve makes a noise he doesn’t mean to make. It just feels so good to have hands on him, big hands. His mind goes quiet. But he feels sick with himself, because it’s not like Thor can be doing this, and it’s not like Steve really should be, either.“We gotta,” Steve says, and pushes back. Thor’s eyes are concerned and blue in the dark light, and brow is furrowed, and strands of hair fall out of the band and into his face. He’s big enough that he’s taller than Steve, even sitting down. “We can’t do this. You have your girl —“Thor is confused. “The Lady Jane and I operate under no such confinements.”Steve blinks.“Our souls,” explains Thor patiently, “Are bound as one, and no force in this universe could separate us. The hunger of the flesh holds no sway over that. We spend much time apart, the Lady Jane and I. It is of no matter to us what the other does when we are not together.”Steve thinks of Peggy’s red smile, and of Bucky’s slew of girls, and even some their guys down at Red Hook. “Sounds familiar.”Thor strokes a hand down Steve’s face, and Steve has to fight like hell not to lean into it. “If you consent, and if you would like it, I shall continue.”“You don’t gotta,” Steve manages. “You got no obligation, just because I’m blue.”“What?”Steve realizes, and ch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
steve misses bucky so thor bangs it better

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

