Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Matt was very glad Karen wasn't around when his phone announced who was calling.
Hawkeye. Hawkeye. Hawkeye. 
He froze momentarily before grabbing for it, but not before Foggy managed to hear it from his office and pretty much ran over to Matt's.Matt ended the call, but the damage was done.“Who was that?” he demanded.“Wrong number,” he muttered.“Oh, no, Matthew Murdock, you are not getting out of this. Tell me, and don't you dare lie, if that was indeed Hawkeye the Avenger calling you.”“Well, it certainly wasn't Hawkeye from MASH calling me,” he replied.Foggy gaped at him. “How the hell did he get your number?”“I honestly don't know,” Matt admitted. Clint wasn't the one who'd figured out his identity, and Natasha had promised him that his secret was safe. He didn't think she was the type to let things slip.“Well maybe you can ask him that when you answer it,” Foggy told him, just before the phone began to ring again.
Hawkeye. Hawkeye. Hawkeye.
Matt answered it this time, only if to stop it from saying that in case Karen came back.“How did you get this number?” he hissed.On the other end of the line, Barton sounded bemused. “Um, hi? This is Daredevil right?”“Yes, but I'm going to say it again. How did you get this number?”“When you were here, Tony did some... phone scanny thing, kinda creepy if I'm gonna be honest, and input all our numbers and contact info into your phone. In case you ever needed us. And then sort of put your number in our phones under Daredevil. So this is me, calling you.”“And here I was thinking it was generous of Rogers to give me a card,” Matt replied.Barton sighed. “Yeah, Tony sometimes goes overboard.”“Sometimes?”On the other end of the line, Barton shrugged. Even if he wasn't blind, Matt wasn't sure that movement would convey over the phone.Foggy was still standing there, gaping at him, but Matt ignored him, continuing on with the call.“You know it wasn't actually clever to put your code names as your contact info?” he pointed out. “Considering this is my personal phone?”Barton paused. “I'll be sure to mention that to Tony. Or you know what, you could yell at him yourself if you came over.” His voice was hopeful.Matt rubbed his forehead. “Came over? And did what exactly?”Barton shrugged again. “Hang out? Show me some of your parkour moves? I wasn't kidding about wanting to teach you to shoot.” He lowered his voice. “To be honest, it would be nice to hang out with some not as super heroes, you know? Pretty much everyone around here has superpowers or something, or is Nat, and it would be good to train with someone not so likely to hurt me.”Matt raised an eyebrow. “Are you saying I think I'll be unable to hurt you?”“No,” Barton said quickly. “You're just less likely to kill me accidentally.”Matt laughed. “I suppose so.”“So what do you say? I realize you probably have a real job, so how about this weekend? Saturday? Sunday? I'm free either way unless some Avenging stuff comes up.”“Not Sunday,” Matt told him, thinking of church and Father Lantom and confession that isn't over a latte.“Alright that's fine, so how about Saturday? You just come by the tower whenever. And dude, you don't have to wear your full costume. Like, maybe the old one? Less conspicuous, and I'm not going to try to kill you, so you don't need the full protection. Hell, just wear sweats and a ski mask if you want, I don't care. Sound good?”“I guess,” Matt replied dubiously.“Great!” Clint chirped. “See you then!”He hung up, and Matt was left with a dial tone in his ear and his best friend in his face.He put the phone down, regretting it immediately, as it was the only reason Foggy hadn't pounced yet.“What the hell man? Was that Hawkeye Hawkeye? Does he know?” he whispered. “Are you guys like, hanging out? Are you fighting crime together? Dude, are you in the Avengers now?”Matt was saved from the barrage of questions by Karen returning from lunch.He had never been so glad for her presence before.“Don't think you're getting out of this conversation,” Foggy hissed at him, before going to help Karen with her leftovers.Matt sank back in his chair. Saturday. That only gave him a few days to get himself ready for this.Give him thugs to beat up any day, but sparring with a person that could be a friend? Matt needed to psych himself up for that one.And figure out what to wear.  That night he stood over the box in his closet that help his gear, pondering what to wear. Barton had encouraged him to wear his old costume, but Natasha's observation him being unable to see through was stuck in his head.Three floors below, Foggy's heartbeat was making his way to Matt, and there was no way to get out of it this time.Matt sighed. He'd been able to avoid Foggy during the work day by sticking close to Karen, offering to walk her out, and then leaving before Foggy could figure out what was going on. But Foggy knew he was home, and even if he wasn't, would just let himself in through the roof door and wait for Matt 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Friendship
Secret Identity
bros being bros
Deaf Clint Barton
Deaf Character
colourblindness
probably inaccurate archery

fandom: 
None
