Chapter 1: Naked Cuddles
    




Chapter Text
During the summer, the apartment felt hotter than hell. During the night, the covers were kicked off of the bed. Pyjamas were not even considered to be worn. Rather Peter tended to sleep in boxer and a tank top and Wade either only wore pyjama bottoms or slept as the day he was born.	Peter moved around their shared bed. A queen that Wade had bought one afternoon after they broke Peter's old one due to their strenuous activities. Peter could not feel comfortable. The sheets stuck to his skin, even as the night air New York blew into the apartment, it did nothing to ease the heat off of his skin.	He flipped again once over, his back to a snoring Wade who looked content and flipped his pillow over to the cool side.	Nothing.	Peter glared into the darkness and thought about just doing some studying or taking a cold shower to be able to sleep because just laying down was killing him.	Peter felt a scarred hand on his back, he stilled, and felt Wade tug on his shirt, pulling it up. Peter turned his head to try to see and saw that Wade still had his eyes closed but his hand was still tugging up.	"What are you doing," the young man asked his boyfriend.	"Helping," Wade's sleepy voice answered not stopping.	Peter rose a brow but allowed Wade to help him remove his tank top which Wade tossed to somewhere in the darkened room. Peter thought that was all but Wade's hand moved down and tugged down his boxers.	"Are you trying to seduce me, Wade," Peter asked the mercenary who peaked an eye open and smiled.	"Nah Petey. If I was, well we would not have just laid down in the first place, and I would not wait for you to get hot and heavy without me doing most of the work. Just trust me."	Peter, of course, trusted Wade, so he allowed for his boxers to be removed. Peter was now naked. He shivered at the feeling of it. Peter did not really enjoy sleeping naked, but Wade was naked beside him.	Wade moved and grabbed Peter pulling him against his chest, releasing a sigh.Peter could feel Wade on his ass, but the mercenary was not having a hard on, so it was just innocent naked cuddling that he was after. Peter turned around in Wade's arms and snuggled closer into Wade's scarred body. He placed a kiss on his chest and felt relaxed. He was not as hot as he was before.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Spideypool - Freeform
Anal Sex
Gay Sex
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Naked Cuddling
Not Beta Read
To Be Edited
Bottom Wade Wilson
Top Peter Parker
Mutual Masturbation
Blow Jobs
Frottage
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
Light Dom/sub
69 (Sex Position)
Barebacking
Sex Toys
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Safeword Use
Consensual Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Crossdressing Kink
Mpreg
Trans Male Character
Stripping
Food Sex
Smut
Established Relationship
Sexual Content
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Alternate Universe - Porn
Daddy Kink
Consensual Kink
Praise Kink
Aftercare
Light BDSM
Phone Sex
Comeplay
Lube
Outdoor Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Shower Sex

fandom: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

