Work Text:
"So, Steve. Could you tell me how this started?"Steve frowned. He was sure that Dr. Faustus had his file, had probably read it back to front, so he must've known the circumstances that surrounded Steve's transformation. Tony made sure that he knew, actually. Steve had thought he was coming to SHIELD for a different kind of visit entirely before he ran into Tony on his way out of the mansion and Tony had wished him luck on his psych eval.When Steve looked surprised, because Director Fury hadn't mentioned that at all, Tony had blinked at him owlishly before he said something about Fury wanting to make sure that Captain America was okay with being "small and fey again" and that Steve wasn't going to jump off the top of the tower at any given moment.Steve knew that Fury was just being practical. It was what any commander would do for a soldier who had been through 'traumatic events' such as this. Still, it pissed him off a little bit that Fury thought he had to lie to him, even if it was only a lie of omission. Did he think that Steve wouldn't be able to handle it?Was this how people would always view him from now on?"Well, as you know Loki has been a rather unfortunate recurrence in our lives the past several months..."
"Brother! Desist this childish behaviour immediately!"Thor's voice boomed from the sky and Steve looked up to catch Loki grin up at his brother evilly and raise a hand, which was crackling with brilliant green energy. He ran forward, getting enough momentum to jump up and land on the side of an overturned bus."Loki!" Steve shouted, trying to catch his attention and give Thor some time. "Under the authority given to me by the United States Army you are under--" Loki's head whipped around and the next thing Steve knew he was on his back in the middle of the street and everything was quiet."...eve? Steve! Can you hear me?""He's down for the count, I think.""Well, don't poke him. Or slap him either, jesus. The guy was just knocked off a bus!""I can't believe he's so tiny. Is this what he looked like before?""You did read the files Fury gave you, right? They're not just acting as the world's most ineffective doorstop?""Pipe down, you two. The last thing he needs is to wake up to your bickering on top of what's happened to him."The voices were familiar but they sounded far off, as though he was underwater. As Steve tried to open his eyes the rest of his body woke up and throbbed. He groaned."He's coming around, give him some-- Stark!"Warm hands cradled his face gently and Steve's eyes fluttered open. He looked up and instantly squeezed his eyes shut again. The sun was still high in the sky so he couldn't have been out that long."Steve? Can you hear me?" Steve opened his eyes a crack and, blurry as his vision was, he recognized the building above him as the bank on 37th street. Right, there was-- a fight?A face swam into view and it looked familiar. "Howard?""Oh, you've got to be kidding me." The hands let go of him and he immediately missed them."Steve, are you okay?" A different face, red hair and large eyes, appeared above him. Natasha, his brain supplied for him. Right, he was in the future. Where everybody carried portable telephones and hamburgers cost upwards of eight dollars apiece. And he was working on a team with a demigod, two government trained assassins, a man who turned into a twenty foot tall green rage monster, and a billionaire who built a flying suit of armour.Speaking of, Steve turned his head and looked for his friend. "Tony?" He should apologize, because he'd read the file. Steve knew that the Howard he remembered and the one who had raised Tony were two very different people and Tony didn't like being reminded of it. Only when he opened his mouth to say something he coughed violently."Ow," he gasped out. He clutched at his stomach, which spasmed and clenched. "My whole body hurts.""That would be what happens when you fall off a bus, Cap." Hawkeye knelt next to him and clapped a hand on his shoulder with what seemed like excessive force. Steve grimaced and the pressure lightened immediately. Clint and Natasha helped him to sit up and Steve swayed. He felt... off, somehow. Like his head was too big for his body. The way Natasha and Clint were looking at him confirmed his theory.Something was wrong."What happened?""What do you remember, Steve?" Tony asked. He'd backed away a few feet and busied himself with putting his gauntlets back on. He'd also shut the faceplate, which Steve frowned at. Tony knew Steve didn't like talking to it outside of battle."We were fighting Loki again and-- Were there horses?" Steve tried. Natasha gave him a tiny smile and Clint outright laughed and clapped him on the shoulder again, much lighter than before."C'mon, Cap. Let's get you up." Steve watched Iron Man's impassive faceplate as he stumbled to his feet with Natasha and Clint's help. "We need to get you checked out by medical.""Isn't anyone going to tell him? Somebody should let him know 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Loki causes trouble
Wee!Steve
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

