Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I swear to God, if you shoot even a single one of my babies, I will be seriously forced to reconsider loving you.”“That's a shame.  I'll miss the sex.”“Whoa, whoa, whoa, who said anything about giving up the sex?  That's not happening.  No way.  I'm just saying that instead of a stable, emotionally fulfilling long term relationship, we'll be forced to just have a lot of angry, angry sex and occasionally make out in supply closets.”“I'm not seeing the downside here.”“You'd miss waking up with me naked in your bed.”“Possibly.  I would not, however, miss the trail of discarded clothing that leads to you being naked in my bed.  With you, there is always an unpleasant trade off of some sort.  Also the snoring, I won't miss that in the least, if you want to know the truth.”Clint Barton grinned, wide and bright and sharp.  “Now, sir, I'm hurt.  Deep down, in the cockles of my soul, I am weeping like a child.”“Luckily, I never expected maturity when I started dating you, Barton,” Phil Coulson said, but his lips curled up, just the tiniest bit.  For Coulson, it was the equivalent of a full body laugh, and Clint loved it.As Clint  watched, Coulson peered around the corner, his back up against the wall, his gun held with easy grace.   Clint took a moment out of the Avengers' most recent crisis to appreciate that, because, damn, he loved it when Coulson was armed.   The man could take out a spec ops operative with a goddamn Christmas wreath (Clint knew that to be a fact, he'd seen it), but arm the agent with an actual weapon and Clint had to seriously fight the urge to start taking his clothes off.To this day, he was certain that the mission where Coulson ended up with both an RPG and an assault rifle had been a secret plot on Fury's part to kill him.“I'm plenty mature,” he said, “I can buy my own booze and everything.”“I cannot believe we let you have a gun.”“Luckily for your peace of mind, I don't like using it,” Clint said, waiting for the signal that he knew was coming.  He could read the lines of Coulson's body, the way his breathing shifted just in advance of his thoughts, the way his eyes went heavy lidded when he was ready.  And that last one fit multiple uses of the word 'ready,' much to Clint's everlasting delight.He was almost certain that Coulson had no idea that he got the same look in his eyes when approaching an op that he did approaching Clint with certain intentions, and Clint wasn't about to tell him.  He did wonder if that meant the ops were as good as sex, or if the sex was just another op, carried out with just as much planning, precision and attention to detail.Either way it ended with orgasms, lots and lots of orgasms, so Clint wasn't really interested in analyzing it too deeply.Coulson didn't even look in Clint's direction, knowing that he'd be moving a step behind Phil, covering his back and watching for their target to double around and try to flank them.  Their feet silent, they headed up the empty corridor, staying low and moving along the cover of the wall.  When they came to a stop, Phil was at the corner, watching.  “Here,” Phil said, shifting his weight and getting a better angle without exposing an inch of himself to the corridor beyond.  It was a thing of beauty, really.  “Intel indicates we have three minutes.”“Not long enough for a quickie, then.”“No.” Phil's eyes found Clint's, hot and sharp.  “Not at work, Barton.”“But you're always at work, and even when we're back at the tower, you're technically doing your job of babysitting Stark and keeping him from prank calling Doom or convincing Steve that Vegemite is a cookie frosting.”“Are you asking me to chose between sex with you and the preservation of Western civilization, Barton?”“I'm saying that I at least merit the consideration of a pity fuck in the supply closet, we have an entire ninety seconds left.”“You want to get laid, perhaps you should work for it.  You're an operative with a dozen years of experience in creative problem solving and goal oriented behavior, I think this is within your skill set.”“You got that off of my annual report.”“I wrote your annual report.  It pretty much was, 'No major international incidents were conclusively linked to Agent Barton.  That's a definite improvement over last year.'”“I've got handcuffs and you get a little sluggish after about ten hours of paperwork,” Clint mused.  “I might be able to pin you down then.  Odds increase if I can switch your coffee out for decalf.”Coulson's lips twitched.  “Try again.”“Listen, if you're going to shoot down my ideas without even giving them a proper chance, then I don't know if I can keep up this charade, sir.”“Find a better idea and I'll humor you by considering it.”“Well, I'm feeling under appreciated.  You don't mind if I sleep around, do you?”  The timer was running in his head, and he crouched down, bow at the ready, waiting, listening.“Not at all. As long as you don't mind your partners disappearing in the middle of the n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Except for Phil and Clint they are full on slashing themselves at every chance
Tony should know better than to install AIs in things
Author has mental issues
Humor

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

