Chapter 1





Chapter Text

There's blood on your lies
Disguised up and wide
There is nowhere for you to hide
The haunting moon is shining
-	 Aurora – Running With The Wolves  
Part 0.5 – James Cold, cold. He feels so cold. But the sun is rising high, warming the soil he’s walking on, filling the leaves of the trees around him with warmth and light, making them sigh and rustle with pleasure.
And yet.Yet, he feels so cold. Everything hurts. His right arm, the poor excuse of his left arm. His feet hurt. (How long had he been walking?) Sweat is pooling at his forehead; the sun shines so bright it’s almost blinding him. Birds are singing their songs, accompanying him on his way with happy chirps. He’s shaking with cold; falling, drowning into nothingness.He’s on top of a hill, watching downwards, breathing heavily. There is something down there. A house. A farm house. Just one house, a barn next to it, in the middle of the forest. He sure must be hallucinating because it looks warm and inviting. Nothing had ever felt warm and inviting for him. There is nothing for him here, in this world where he knows nothing. He’s just a poor, cold soul, wavering through nothingness.He’s been walking and walking, knowing nothing; staring straight ahead. On and on and on. He will walk until he will be tired enough to sleep forever. Because why would he want to live in a world he knows nothing about? He doesn’t even know anything about himself. Nothing.There is only one word which wanders through his mind when he slides down, leaning against a tree, closing his eyes and embracing the cold inside him. One word.James.His name is James.   
Part I – Clinton 
He woke up soaked with sweat. Groaning, he yanked the blanket away from his overheated body and blinked at the alarm clock. It was four in the morning, the birds were chirping and soon the sun would rise. He drained the glass of water which was standing on his bedside table in hasty gulps. He really should have repaired the air conditioning in the bedroom yesterday when the weather forecast had told him that the heat wave would start today with around 100 °F. And now it was four a.m. and he was sweating already. Fuck.  He sighed and fell back into the pillow, closing his eyes again. He knew that he wouldn’t be able to drift off to sleep once more but standing up wasn’t really an option. Because what was there to do? Nothing. There was absolutely nothing to do. He had been in a deep undercover mission when shit hit the fan in D.C. It had been a nasty work to get out of Hydra’s claws who had appeared out of nothing suddenly. Clint had seen Natasha’s speech after the Washington incident in a too expensive bar at the Bangkok airport. There hadn’t been any communication between them. Clint had gathered that S.H.I.E.L.D. simply wasn’t there anymore and he had lost his occupation. Making his decision, he had written to Natasha that he got out safely and would be there when the Avengers would be in need of need him. Like really need him. Something like aAliens try to take over the world scenario. On other occasions he sure as hell wouldn’t drag his ass to NYC. He himself would take time out, thank you very much.I have to deal with my own shit, he had written her, I’ll come along when you guys really need me. But please leave me alone for some time. And don’t eat Cap alive.After that, he had boarded the plane to the States and went to his safe house not even Fury or Natasha knew about. It had been his home long before he was recruited by S.H.I.E.L.D. but he had abandoned it many years ago, only visiting twice a year. ( In his mind, he still could see his mother baking apple pie in the kitchen ) But now it should be a perfect place for some well-deserved rest so he could deal  with some things.And that had been it.He finally came home two weeks ago and all he had done was to restock his supplies and digging some patches for a vegetable garden. It were the simple things in life that kept him from freaking out. And now he was sweating like hell and trying to sleep again. Fucking heat. After tossing and turning forever, he gave up at five a.m. The cold shower did wonders to his tiredness and when the sun rose and shining ruthlessly his pancakes were ready to eat. After breakfast he sat at his table for half an hour, staring into nothing. He really should do some repairs, at least checking what was wrong with the air conditioning…damn, he definitely wasn’t full of vim and vigor. Finally deciding that the air conditioning could wait, he got up and resolved upon checking the outside of the house for easy things to repair. He discovered some rotten wood in the walls of the barn and worked on them for four hours until the midday sun was burning his neck and he fled into the house again for a light lunch and a nap. When he woke up he was covered in sweat again and decided that he really, really needed to repair the air conditioning. It was so hot his whole body seemed to stick together with the c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Clint Barton's Farm
No Barton family just Clint
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
winterhawk - Freeform
Slow Build
a lot of swearing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

