Work Text:
"We have to do what, now?" Steve sputtered."Sorry guys." Clint shrugged, not looking at all apologetic. "We only have the two guest rooms, and since Nat and Bruce are sharing…""What about the couch?" Steve asked."Fury already called it.""Sneaky son of a bitch," Tony muttered under his breath, and Steve did his best to look disapproving, despite the fact that he definitely agreed. Tony sighed and turned to look at him before smirking. "Come on, Cap. It won't be so bad. Don't tell me you never had to share in the army?"Steve nodded. Of course, he had. Though none of his fellow soldiers back in the army had ever made him feel the way Tony did. They'd never made him feel jumpy and scattered, they'd never made his blood boil, or managed to get under his skin the way Tony did. But Steve couldn't say any of that. He still hadn't quite worked out what it all meant, and he certainly didn't need Tony sticking his genius nose into Steve's personal feelings. "You're right, Tony. I suppose I've suffered through worse things than sharing a bed with you for a night." Tony grinned. "Aw, Cap, you always say the sweetest things."

===
Steve woke up feeling wonderfully warm. It had been awhile since he'd woken up in the wrong century, but he still got up most mornings feeling like he'd never be warm again. Icy tendrils of impenetrable cold always awaited him in his dreams and maintained their clawed grip on him long after he awoke. He'd been expecting the dreams to be even worse after that girl had messed with his mind and made him see the ghosts of a life he'd never lived. Which was why it was so strange to wake up wrapped in a cocoon of wonderful heat.He laid there for several moments, just soaking in the decadent temperature, before he registered the heavy arm draped across his middle, and the hot press of a body all along his back. Steve froze for a moment, relaxing only once he recognized the solid outline of the arc reactor pressing against his shoulder blades. Tony. He'd completely forgotten that they were sharing a bed, which was startling, considering how preoccupied he'd been with it last night. And, well, part of the reason he'd been so nervous was because he'd been worried that something like this would happen; it wasn't exactly shocking that they'd ended up in such an...intimate position, considering how small the bed was. What was surprising though, was that with Tony wrapped around him, Steve had gotten some of the best sleep he'd had in a long, long while. Steve sighed and contemplated getting up, knowing that he should slip out Tony's accidental embrace. But it was unusual for him to sleep all the way through the night these days, and he was reluctant to leave the calm sanctuary this bed had provided, especially when he thought about what the next few days would have in store. He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt so safe and relaxed and warm. He knew it wasn't very Captain-y of him, but he wanted to hide away for just a little while longer. Steve focused on the feeling of Tony's body surrounding his, and wondered if he was just imagining the pulse of heat spreading out from the device in Tony's chest. The hand around his stomach tightened, fisting the fabric of his shirt, and Steve felt Tony's breath ghosting against the back of his neck as Tony shifted in his sleep. The movement brought their lower bodies more firmly into contact, and Steve froze as something thick and hard dragged along the curve of his ass. A completely different kind of heat spiked through him and he gasped. His mind raced as he tried to figure out how to extricate himself from the embarrassing situation without waking Tony.He wriggled, trying to slip out of Tony's grasp, but Tony's hand in his shirt tightened, and all Steve managed to accomplish was to press Tony's erection more firmly into the cleft of his pajama-clad ass. Behind him, Tony shifted and murmured some nonsense in his sleep, and Steve tried not to think about the fact that Tony was hard, that Steve was feeling Tony's dick pressing right up against him. Unfortunately, Tony's hips began to rock against Steve's ass, and all hopes of ignoring the situation went straight out the window. Tony gyrated his hips and rutted against him with unconscious abandon, and Steve knew that he really needed to put a stop to this, but embarrassment and arousal made it difficult to find his voice. His own traitorous cock had started stiffening up from the moment he'd realized just whose embrace he'd woken up in, and the feeling of Tony's cock pressing against him so suggestively had Steve rock hard and aching for relief.He was just trying to convince himself that jerking himself off while Tony was still asleep in the same bed was a very bad idea, when the movement behind him stopped, and Tony's entire body went stiff."Tony?" Steve whispered, desperately praying that there'd be no answer.Tony swore softly behind him. "Yeah, Cap? You awake?" His voice was high and strangled.Steve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Missing Scene
Sharing a Bed
Intergluteal Sex
Hand Jobs
Morning Sex
Frottage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

