Work Text:
Splayed out against his dark sheets, Robin—Sparrow? Lark? No, Raven, he recalls suddenly, because he remembers thinking somewhere around drink number four that her name was appropriate with the hip length spill of black curls—Raven looks soft and flushed and delicious.

She's not quite naked, not with her garter belt, underwear, and delicate lace stockings, but she's close enough. There's plenty of smooth skin for him to run fingers over, feeling where she's surprisingly muscled beneath. Tony's mouth curls in a completely devious grin as he stares down at her, and she tilts her head against the pillows, a wicked grin of her own lighting up her face. It looks frighteningly familiar for a moment, before her voice interrupts his thoughts. "Are we waiting for something?" she asks. Innocence sounds like a weapon in her mouth, and she uses it well.

Tony rests his fingers at the hollow of her throat, and Raven breathes softly as he drags his fingers down between her breasts, down her navel, stopping at the edge of the garter belt and scraping his nails gently against the fabric as his fingers move towards her hips. She shivers faintly under the attention, but her green eyes are shuttered. "So tentative. I would have thought the infamous Tony Stark would have been more confident than this." She rolls her hips, an undulating motion, and the shutters open just barely to let a hint of a fever brightness escape.

Tony's grin doesn't relent an inch. "Trust me," he purrs, "Expectation is half the fun." He keeps his touch light. There are few things he likes more than getting a woman worked up, getting her wet and wanting and then delivering—and he always delivers as a point of pride. More than once, if he can help it. It's part of what makes him good at sex—and what makes it so much fun.

Just as Raven is shifting as much in impatience as want, Tony dips his head and presses an open-mouth kiss to her right nipple, thumbing at her left. She arches and it's all skin against skin for a few heady moments as Tony increases the suction. Raven's body is warm beneath his own and she lets out the tiniest moan as Tony's callused fingers rub at the soft flesh of her breasts. The sound pools down south with the rest of his blood, and he grins around her nipple, teeth scraping gently. It earns him a second moan, this one as much vibration as noise, and he can feel it wherever they're touching.

His laugh makes Raven pull him up none too gently and she kisses him like there's a war to be won, like this is something that needs teeth and force. Tony doesn't let her turn this into a battle of wills, not yet, not when he isn't the enemy. Instead he holds her down gently against the sheets and kisses deep, tongues tangling without lashing, teeth used to caress instead of drawing blood. It makes her surge up against him, strangely vulnerable, and Tony wants.

He pulls back, hands going to his slacks. Raven doesn't let him though, lashes hiding her eyes as she knocks away his hands and works the button herself, pushing them down Tony's hips and making him do an awkward wiggle to get out of them. It makes Raven laugh, surprisingly loud. It catches even her by surprise, and it makes her cover her mouth even though her eyes are still snickering at him. Tony makes a face at her, but comments, "It's about time. Seriously, if no one laughs at least once, I'm pretty sure you're not doing it right."

That makes Raven still for a moment, green eyes eerily luminous and haunting for a moment, but before Tony can ask her what's happened, she's chucking his pants off the bed with one hand and rubbing at his cock through his boxers with the other. Anything he was going to say gets lost in the choked sound of surprise that catches in his throat. Raven leans down and nips at his collarbone before laving over the skin with her tongue. She does it again, and again, and again, leaving a row of glistening red marks until Tony is gasping. He buries his hands in the black curtain of her hair tugging her up as she had him earlier, kissing her, losing himself in the sensation of her pliant mouth.

It's as delicious as earlier, the wine and whiskey they'd drunk hours ago almost completely gone, leaving nothing to taste but them. Her breasts soft against the cool metal of the arc reactor, her thighs tight around his hips, her mouth hot against his own, it all makes Tony fight to get a hand between them, trying to get rid of the last barriers between them. He meets Raven's long fingers en route and together they try not to make too much of a hash of getting rid of the vestiges of their clothing. Fumbling in the half-light, bodies unwilling to part, it takes them several minutes of breathed expletives and kisses and fingers on skin before they're finally, truly naked.

It makes Raven pause above him for a brief moment, the faintest sheen of sweat on her skin glimmering in the dim lighting of the room. The way her eyes watch him make his heart pound; for an i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Warning: Loki
Loki really is his own warning

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

