Work Text:
“I’ve really got to go,” Phil says and then pulls Clint in against him, licking back into his mouth and giving his ass a squeeze.
“You sure?” Clint asks.  “You keep saying it.”  He arches his hips forward helplessly.  He got hard so quickly that it should be embarrassing, except it’s been three weeks and Phil is right here.  Phil is hardly ever right here anymore.  
Phil groans and pushes Clint further into the one corner of the parking lot that JARVIS has promised them is completely safe from cameras.
“Stop it,” Phil tells him and kisses him again. “I have to leave.” Another kiss.
Clint tips his head back, breathing hard.  Phil doesn’t let up, just brushes their lips together again and again, wet, chapped skin catching and releasing.
“Phil,” Clint breathes.  He’s not going to ask Phil to stay but god does he want Phil to stay. 
Phil’s hand slides up from Clint’s ass to squeeze his waist.  It’s possessive and Clint leans into it automatically because he’s pretty sure it’s also good night.
Clint is way happier being part of the Avengers than he ever would have predicted but he really fucking hates this part.  If someone could give him regular access to Phil and the chance to keep superhero-ing, life would be pretty sweet.
“There’s an elevator that goes straight up from here to the residential wing,” he says, like Phil doesn’t already know that, like Phil would ever say yes.  They don’t fuck in the Avengers’ Mansion, that’s rule number one of Having A Secret Relationship With Your Ex-Handler.
“Barton,” Phil says tiredly, which is what Clint expected.  Except there was a waver in there, right around the ‘o’ and Clint was not expecting that.
Clint flutters his eyelashes ridiculously and tries to look enticing.  Not that he can ever guess what’ll entice Phil; Clint tends to get jumped most often when he’s doing dumb things like cooking dinner or belting out Journey in the shower. 
Phil’s hair is kind of a mess because Clint is really bad about keeping his hands out of it and his mouth is red for a half-inch all around.  If Phil leaves, Clint is going to crawl back to his room and jerk off for six hours over mental images of his ridiculously hot boyfriend.
“I’m not thinking about it,” Phil tells him.  Right, sure, Clint never expected anything else; he’s definitely not disappointed.  Horny, sure.  Not disappointed.  “Come on.”
“Hey, no,” Clint says, trying and failing to catch hold of Phil’s belt loops to hold him in place for another goodbye kiss or twenty.
Phil just looks at him.  “The longer we wait here, the longer it’ll be until you get your cock in my mouth,” Phil tells him and then turns around heading… Huh, not for the space where his car’s parked but back toward the elevators.
“Seriously?” Clint asks, falling into step beside him and carefully not letting his face look too delighted or smug.  “Seriously?”
Phil glances at him, mock-sternly.  “We can’t get caught,” he says but he’s smiling, just a little, and Clint laughs, feeling giddy and embarrassingly pleased with the world.
“Like we would be,” Clint says, grinning at Phil, “this is us.” 
SHIELD complained about a lot of things when they first paired up (Clint’s attachment to his bow and inability to follow orders, Phil’s complete lack of interest in making him follow orders when they were stupid ones) but one thing no one could complain about was that they were pretty much uncatchable.  
Unless they wanted the bad guys to catch them, of course. 
Phil nods like that’s a good point and then slides into the elevator ahead of Clint.  
Clint’s very good about not jumping Phil in the elevator even though it’s an elevator and that’s basically what they were designed for.  He keeps looking across at Phil, checking that he really is there – seriously, sex in the Mansion? Doesn’t happen – while Phil stares stoically ahead.  Clint doesn’t think for a second that he doesn’t know what Clint’s doing.
There are no cameras up here on Clint’s floor – only JARVIS, and he’s been awesome about keeping their secret so far – but they still sneak down the corridor using all the skills that SHIELD has helped them learn.  Clint has Phil’s sleeve caught between two fingers and he feels like James Bond, flattening himself against walls before making a dash for the next doorway.
Clint’s grinning by the time they reach his rooms and totally unable to resist humming the Mission Impossible theme while he unlocks his door, ushers Phil inside and locks it again behind them. 
Phil shakes his head at him, that familiar what am I going to do with you? expression making way for a smile.
“Are you sure you’re an officially recognised adult?” he asks, unbuttoning his suit jacket and hanging it up in Clint’s closet.
Clint shrugs expansively.  “That’s what it says on the certificate you gave me.”
He presses his ear to the door, but he can’t hear anything out there, so he turns and advances on Phil, putting a little sway into his steps to see if Phil will watch his hips.
Phil does.
“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (implied)

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Secret Relationship
Relationship Reveal

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (implied)

