Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
 

 Dogs barking.  Cats mewling.  All in all, another quiet night at the    Springfield Animal Shelter.   

 Bucky gathered the little bulldog in his arms and carried him from the grooming area near the main lobby down the aisle to the dog cages.  Cheddar wriggled and licked Bucky's chin - h   e    was always happy after a good brushing   .  The canine's brown and white spotted coat gleamed.  Bucky didn't understand why no one had adopted Cheddar yet.  At the same time, he hoped no one would until Bucky could find a place to live that allowed dogs.     

 As Bucky set the pup down in his cage, he heard the main door open.  He let Cheddar drool on his hand as he looked up at the clock.  It was quarter to eight, nearly closing time, and Bucky was the only staff person left.  Usually no one came to the shelter after six, not on a weeknight.  Bucky had signed up for the evening shifts for that reason.  He liked spending time with the animals.  He preferred less time with the humans.   

 Most of the building's walls were made up of windows on the upper half, so people walking in could immediately see all the animals up for adoption.  Through the window that separated the dogs from the lobby, Bucky sized up the blond guy who had entered.  First, the    crew cut and clean shaven jaw.  Second, the tight white t-shirt which showed off the guy's bulging muscles,    and pressed khakis.     

 Bucky returned his attentions to the dog for a moment, trying to overcome the swell of inadequacy he felt.  He did not need to look at his own wrinkled plaid flannel shirt or    the worn jeans covered in grass stains, dog hair, and dirt.  That guy out there was the sort of person his parents wished he was.     

 Standing with a sigh, Bucky shut the gate to Cheddar's cage   .  He wiped his hands on his pants and headed out.  His left hand was shaking already.  Great.   

 "Can I help you?" he asked flatly.     

 "Hi," the guy said.  "Do you work here?"   

 Bucky looked around, presumably for another staff member.  "Uh, yeah."    

 "Oh, good.  I'm looking to adopt a dog?"   

 A smile - t   his guy had blindingly straight white teeth as well.  Bucky scratched the stubble on his chin.  "We close in fifteen minutes."   

 "Well, can I just look around?"   

 Bucky shrugged.  "Fine.  But just so you know, you can't take a dog home tonight.  There's paperwork and my supervisor has to be here."  He opened the door to the dog cages.   

 "No problem."   

 At the scent of a stranger in the room, the dogs went on high alert.  Some perked their ears and wagged their tails.  Others whimpered and cowered in the back of their cages.  One of the beagles - that would be Stella - began barking.  Soon, her sister Izzy joined in.   

 Part of Bucky wanted to just leave the guy to wander around for fifteen minutes, but he might be able to move things along   .  Reluctantly he began asking the rote questions.  "You got a certain breed you're looking for?"     

 In his head, he guessed.      Big dog.  Not a mutt, he'll want a definite breed.  German Shepherd, maybe.  Or a retriever.  A nice, vanilla Golden Retriever.  Yes.  The    All-American breed that would match this guy's blond, All-American good looks.    

 The shelter did not have any Golden Retrievers.  Families always snapped those dogs right up.     

 "I'm not sure.  I just moved into this nice farmhouse, big yard and all.  It's a little too big for me.  I was thinking a dog would be nice company."   

 So the guy owned a house, too.  Bucky looked him over again.  The guy couldn't have been more than twenty-five, the same age as Bucky.  Something about him seemed familiar.   

 Stopping in front of Spock's cage, the guy remarked, "This one seems friendly."    

 The staff had speculated that Spock was a mix of black lab and sheepdog.  He had long black fur with one white paw and a friendly personality   .     

 "You can pet him," Bucky said.   

 Spock was thrilled to be petted, and his tail thumped against the side of the cage.  "You look kind of familiar," the guy said.   

 It took Bucky a second to realize the guy was talking to him and not to the dog.  "Huh?"   

 "Yeah."  The guy was looking at Bucky and smiling.  Bucky drew his shoulders in.  "I don't know, did we go to high school together?  I went to West High?  Class of '08?"   

 "Uh, yeah.  I went there for a bit."  Bucky stared at the duct tape holding his second-hand Doc Martens together.     Idiot,    he told himself.     You didn't have to add that last part.  You went there.  End of story.   

 It wasn't the end of the story, but this guy didn't need to know that.   

 "Yeah..." The guy was saying now.  "Yeah, I definitely remember you.  Barnes, right?  Bucky?"  The guy winced a little at the nickname.  "I hope we didn't call you that behind your back or anything."   

 "No, that's my name.  It's short for my middle name.  My mom's maiden name.  Buchanan."  Bucky's voice had grown quiet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Alternate Universe
Animal Shelter
Brucetasha - Freeform
Not really Brucetasha because their relationship isn't all that great
Puppies
Kittens
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Past Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov
past trauma
PTSD
Hand Jobs
69 (Sex Position)
Past Abuse
Insecure Bucky Barnes
Panic Attacks
Dubious Consent
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve Rogers
Anxiety
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Homelessness
Animal Death
Cock Rings
Smut
Angst
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

