Work Text:
Steve doesn’t see it coming, is the thing.It’s not that he should have expected it: or not expected this thing, this specific wrecking ball to come crashing into his life. But he should have known there would be something, that he’d had it too good for too long. Steve is starting to think he shouldn’t ever stop expecting the world to be pulled out from underneath his feet.He’d been settling in, was the funny thing. Settling into 2012, into the Avengers, into a new life that was a world and a half away from anything he could have wanted or expected before. He’d stopped having nightmares, mostly, stopped falling asleep every night with a pencil in his hand and a half-finished sketch of Peggy in his lap. He let Tony take him out drinking. He was getting to like Bruce’s sly, dry sense of humor. He never pulled his punches, training with Natasha.But then the assassin came to New York.He heard about it first at the morning SHIELD briefing, when Fury slapped a gruesome eight-by-twelve down on the conference table. The man in the photo had a hole in his temple, and that was the part that was easy to look at.The photo made Natasha purse her lips a little, which for Natasha was a lot of expression. “He’s Russian,” she told the table, “and he has-- had-- enough of the best security that he shouldn’t be dead. Whoever this was, he’s good enough that we don’t want him in the city.”It didn’t seem like such a big thing, to Steve. Not that a murder should be overlooked, ever, but they’d just got done with Loki, and he was still thinking in terms of world-ending threats. An assassin-- even a very good assassin-- wasn’t really something the Avengers were needed for. Surely the NYPD, or failing that, the FBI would want to handle it themselves?But it had been handed up to SHIELD, because the dead man was just that important, and other important men were nervous. Tony scoffed at it-- “Bunch of rich old farts, scared the boogeyman’s coming for them--” but he took it a little more seriously after the second assassination, and stopped complaining at all after the third. He’d known the third man-- they’d golfed for charity together, once, apparently, and Tony hadn’t liked him but he didn’t want him dead.The assassin was still smoke in the wind, even then, no real links between the victims and not even the ghost of a trace of a clue. Steve wasn’t a cop, wasn’t good for much but standing outside the crime scenes with Thor and making people feel reassured that the Avengers were handling things while Clint and Natasha and Bruce did the real work. That was why he was looking over the heads of the thronged reporters, trying not to make eye contact with anyone who might ask him a question, when he saw the figure on the opposite roof.There should have been SHIELD agents swarming every building for a three-block radius, but whoever was on that roof didn’t move like a SHIELD agent. “Excuse me,” Steve said to the reporters, starting to push through the crowd, trying to figure out why alarm bells were going off in his brain--A bullet dinged off his helmet. People shrieked around him, threw themselves flat on the ground, took off running. Thor hefted his hammer, and looked up. Steve picked up speed, another bullet cracking off his breastplate, and when he got into the building across the street he bolted for the emergency stairs.The building wasn’t so tall-- only ten stories or so-- and Steve had time to wonder while he was running up the steps. Was this their ghost? Why would he hang around after a hit, and what was he doing taking potshots at Captain America? Thus far he’d been the model of professionalism, leaving nothing but the bodies behind him. What was different now?Steve stopped at the door to the roof, thoughts still racing. He didn’t know what he was walking into, not really. He should have waited for backup, for Thor and Clint and the others. He didn’t know what had made him run like that, what it was about the figure on the roof that had set him off. He still didn’t know, still was breathing too fast, heart pounding in a way that had nothing to do with the stairs.He unholstered his service weapon and stepped through the doorway, covering the rooftop in a quick sweep of his eyes. There was the sniper’s tripod, still set up on the far side of the roof. There were a quartet of SHIELD agents, hopefully just unconscious. And there was a man in loose black clothes, crouched at the edge of the roof, his head in his hands.Steve stepped across the rooftop quickly, gun trained on the man in black. “Put your hands above your head,” he said, and then tried to remember the Russian Natasha was trying to teach him. The first two victims had been Russian, and the third was trying to buy a Russian company the week he died.When he repeated himself, this time in halting Russian, the man looked up at him. He was wearing a black domino mask, and his long hair fell around his face, but he looked familiar. He looked like-- Steve didn’t let himse
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Winter Soldier - Freeform
present day
i have a lot of Bucky feelings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

