Chapter 1: Point Zero
    


Notes:
Trigger warning for: discussion of alcoholism, discussion of drug use, the striking of a child by a parent, implications of past attempted assault, mentions of battle and panic attacks, drinking.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peace without Justice is a low estate,
 A coward cringing to an iron Fate!
 But Peace through Justice is the great ideal;
 We’ll pay the price of war to make it real.
—Henry Van Dyke, “The Price of Peace”…‘ere half my days in this dark world and wide,
And that one talent which is death to hide…
—John Milton, “On His Blindness”Darcy’s fifteen when she gets banned from the local RadioShack for stealing an iPod.Well, okay. First of all, she’s not technically banned, she’s just never stupid enough to go back there again after everything. Secondarily, it’s more of a “I happened to be in that one RadioShack when that gang of kids from my school decided to hold up the store for all its money and valuables, which I had happened to overhear in the locker room, and I just happened to snag an iPod off the floor when they dropped it” circumstance. It had already been stolen. She just reappropriated it when they were dumb enough to drop the damn thing. She was doing her civic duty as a law-abiding citizen and all-around music-lover.Also Fred is better off with her than being sold on the black market for Apple products.Her mom’s fed up with her. It’s not the RadioShack thing, exactly, or the getting-escorted-home-by-the-police thing, or even the iPod thing. No, her mom is sick of Darcy in general. She’s sick of Darcy’s attitude, she says. She’s sick of the fact that Darcy keeps locking Lou, Lorna’s stoner boyfriend, out of the house. She’s sick of Darcy painting her nails black and getting weird piercings and tattoos, and she’s especially sick of how Darcy will lie in wait to dump Lorna’s booze down the toilet at four in the morning. She doesn’t say that last bit, but Darcy knows it’s true, because she throws shit when she can’t find her vodka the next day.It’s the iPod that’s the clincher, though. (Plus the coming-home-with-cops bit, since Lou has bags of weed stashed all over the house and already has a record.) Lorna slams the door after the cops as they go. Darcy compliments her on the whole being concerned thing. “Not like I was nearly just shot, y’know, it’s your boyfriend that matters.” They get into a fight. It’s shitty. Darcy gets punched in the face by her mother. It’s not the first time she’s ever been punched in the face, but it’s the first time she’s been punched by her mother at all. It kind of sucks and is in no way enjoyable. Darcy waits until Lorna slams out of the house, and then packs up her shit, shoves her new iPod into her pocket, and leaves.She has a second-cousin in New York City that reminds Darcy of a mousy Helena Bonham Carter. They’ve only met in person once, but since there’s less of an age gap between them than there is with any of Darcy’s other relatives (ten years instead of twenty-five) they’ve been friends on Facebook since Darcy opened an account. They also play World of Warcraft together, so she knows that Jen is more than willing to have Darcy sleep on her floor for a couple of days.Jen is in her last year of law school, living in a run-down flat in Hell’s Kitchen, and she’s in the process of dyeing her hair a vivid and rather ugly shade of purple when Darcy shows up on her doorstep, looking like she’s had the shit kicked out of her and bearing a please-don’t-hate-me gift of the entirety of her savings. Jen just stares at her for a long moment before stepping out of the way, and letting Darcy in.“Half and half,” she says, when they’ve finished putting Jen’s hair up in plastic wrap. Jen’s taken a good look at Darcy’s black eye and split lip, and can’t seem to decide whether to look angry or just terribly sad. Jen also stutters, and has rimless glasses that reflect light in a way that hurts Darcy’s eyes. “I-If you stay here, you p-pay half the rent. And get a job,” she adds, surprisingly stern. Darcy nods, and flinches when Jen touches a Q-tip to the cut in her eyebrow.“I didn’t come here looking to move in.” Her shitty Southern accent always comes out more when she’s nervous. She sounds like a hick. Darcy draws a breath. “I—I just needed somewhere safe to get back on my feet, you know? I can move out as soon as I find another place.”“Darcy,” says Jen. “You’re fifteen. It would be m-morally d-defunct of me to l-let you wander off. A-And I don’t mind,” Jen adds. “I-It’d be nice. I-I can finally get a cat, since we’ll b-both be here to take care of it.”A cat does sound nice. Darcy swallows. “But I can’t just—”“Y-You’re not just.” Jen peels open a Band-Aid. “I’m o-offering. F-for as long as you want.”Darcy wants to cry. She stops herself, because she has a mighty will and will not cry in front of her cousin, no matter how nice she’s being.“I’m n-not your legal guardian,” Jen 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Matt Murdock
Darcy Lewis & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Darcy Lewis & Karen Page
Darcy Lewis & Claire Temple
Darcy Lewis & Jennifer Walters
Darcy Lewis & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Women Being Awesome
Male-Female Friendship
Female Friendship
Friends to Lovers
Rape Recovery
Trans Female Character
Trans!Kate Bishop
Slow Build
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fix-It of Sorts
Team as Family
Alternate Universe - Darcy Never Met Jane
BAMF Women
Japanese!Kate Bishop
Vanessa Marianna Is No Angel
Karen Page: Milk and Honey Warrior Queen
Don't Fuck With Claire Temple
Elena Escapes The Fridge
Blind Fluffball of Raging Justice
Actual Alley Cat Matthew Murdock
Cliffhanger Conga Line
References to Race Issues
References to Social Justice
Vanessa Headcanons
Madame Gao Headcanons
Marci Stahl Headcanons
Alternate Season/Series 01
Canon Rewrite
Past Rape/Non-con
Foggy Is Done With This Shit (Except Not Really Because They'd All Fall Without Him)
Present Tense
POV Third Person
Feminist Themes
References to Rape Culture
Bechdel Test Pass
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood and Torture

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Matt Murdock
Darcy Lewis & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Darcy Lewis & Karen Page
Darcy Lewis & Claire Temple
Darcy Lewis & Jennifer Walters
Darcy Lewis & Kate Bishop

