Chapter 1: Kidnapping Dr Ross
    




Chapter Text
So. It turned out that Bruce's Betty was, in fact, one Elizabeth Ross. As in, the daughter of General 'I hate you and everything you stand for, Stark' Ross. Also, General 'Leading the charge against the Hulk' Ross. In fact, General 'Just generally not a happy person' Ross.Huh. Awkward. It also turned out that General Ross was more or less the reason that Betty was not firmly ensconced at Bruce's side, fuck you all anyway, thanks. Because, lets be clear, the woman had been trying. Ever since the Avengers had their very, very public battle with Loki, where it had been kinda hard to miss the big green guy laying down the law alongside the rest of them, Ms Ross had been very, very determinedly petitioning first the army, and then SHIELD, and then anyone she could get her hands on, to be allowed to see Bruce, to even know where Bruce was. JARVIS had dug up something on the order of six attempts, in the last few months, to get someone to talk to her, to let her through.And every single time, even after SHIELD had loosened up about Bruce, maybe looked like they'd allow it, General fucking Ross had shoved forward a counter-petition that said if anyone dared put his daughter in range of an unstable biological weapon on loan to SHIELD against his wishes, he would raise the kind of stink that would get SHIELD fucking disbanded, don't think he wouldn't, Fury, fucking try it. Which, naturally, Fury did, because Fury didn't take that shit from anybody, but the whole thing had devolved into a bureaucratic pissing match that had successfully gummed up official channels on the matter for the foreseeable future. Now, Tony was betting SHIELD would win out eventually, especially considering JARVIS had dug up what looked very like Coulson's signature on a few of those counter-counter petitions, and Tony wasn't betting on anyone going up against Coulson in a paperwork war, but still. It was going to take time. Time Ms Ross, judging by the increasingly angry and desperate tone of her petitions, wasn't going to have before she went and did something ... unwise. Like, you know, go on the run with a big green rage monster, or walk onto an active battlefield for Bruce's sake, or ...For the record? Tony was liking this woman. A lot. And he hadn't even met her yet.But, actually. About that. See, Tony wasn't much for official channels on the best of days. He was more a 'better to beg forgiveness' kinda guy. Well, no. More a 'do it anyway and get off scot free' kinda guy, but the principle was the same. And he had a number of advantages SHIELD didn't.Such as, that he was still more or less a civilian consultant. No joining any military outfits for him, thank you, he'd had that argument with Rhodey years ago, and if Rhodey couldn't wheedle him around to it, Fury sure as hell couldn't. So he didn't go through a chain of command (much, anyway), and his actions as a private citizen didn't reflect back on SHIELD itself (much, anyway). And if there was blame to be taken, he could happily be the one to take it.Such as, that the Avengers were no longer living on a top-secret SHIELD base that you needed a pass to access, but at his house. Well. One of them. And it was mostly their house, these days. But. Point was. It was his private property, and he could have any goddamn guests he liked come 'round, couldn't he? If he wanted to invite a pretty woman to stop by, that wasn't any of the army's goddamn business, was it?Such as, that he had a private jet, and an AI pal that could make his travel plans involving said jet and trips to, say, Virginia, more discreet than really should be possible, in these terrorism-friendly days.But, most of all, most importantly, such as the fact that he was Tony fucking Stark, and he was a friend of Bruce's, and if he wanted something, he damn well went and got it. Pretty women willing, anyway.Which was why he was standing here, on Ms Ross' front porch, with a neat little convertible parked in the drive behind him, leaning casually on the doorframe and knocking at the door like he had all the time in the world, and the army none the wiser. Mostly because, for the moment at least, they were none the wiser.There were days it was good to be Tony Stark, you know that?Though, when the door opened and he met the confused, then recognising, then fucking furious eyes of Dr Elizabeth Ross, he maybe gave some thought to reconsidering that statement. You know. Just a little."Mr Stark," Betty said, with a smile that was fixed, and polite, and for some reason reminded Tony of Natasha in a way that made his lizard brain start panicking slightly. "Why don't you come in?""Uh. Sure?" Come on, Tony. It couldn't be any worse than stepping into the lab when Bruce was having a bad day. It definitely couldn't be any worse than getting between Natasha and the alcohol on one of her bad days. (For the record? Don't do that. Don't ever do that. Fucking Coulson didn't do that)."Tea? Coffee?" s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Tony Stark & Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bureaucracy
Army
SHIELD
Tony Stark doesn't do rules
Coulson is kinda badass
Betty is also badass
Tony is messed up

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Tony Stark & Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

