Work Text:







THE MAN IN RED AND GOLD: "WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED."


TONY STARK speaks out for the first time since 2004, only in 
GQ America

words by Gabriella Ramirez


 



September, 2008

It's a warm fall afternoon when I make my way through the lobby of Casa del Mar, five minutes behind schedule. I am not worried -- my subject is notoriously difficult to pin to a fixed point in time. And I'm right -- it's another twenty minutes before Anthony (Tony) Stark saunters inside the half-empty restaurant. He's wearing a steel gray suit that fits him like a glove, a truly extravagant patterned shirt, a tie that only just escapes ruining the ensemble, and big, movie-star sunglasses. He should look like a caricature. Instead, he looks every inch like the billions of dollars he's worth.He stops to shake hands with a few people -- all captains of industry, I notice, and no, dear readers, you can't have their names. Suffice to say, Tony Stark commandeers respect for his business acumen, if not for his lifestyle choices. As the CEO of the family business that is the multi-billion Stark Industries, he has ushered in a new era for the aging corporation.He approaches me at last, and I rise. I wait for him to introduce himself, because you've got to have been living under a rock to not remember that disastrous night several years ago, when Tony Stark came this close to hitting a photographer for calling him "Mr Stark" as he was coming out of a night club. Of course, Stark had been under severe emotional stress at the time, after losing his father, the illustrious Howard Stark, only a month previous. Nevertheless, this reporter is not going to take the risk.To my surprise, Stark is charm personified when he reaches me and offers me his hand. "Hi, I'm Tony Stark," he says, easy and amiable."Hello, Mr Stark," I venture cautiously. Not a blink of an eyelid from the man; I assume that I am safe.Stark is one sharp man, I find out when his smile turns sardonic.TS: You're thinking of the Great '04 Fiasco, aren't you.
Shamefaced, I nod. "Sorry."
TS: (waves a magnanimous hand) It's fine. You wouldn't be so good at your job, if you weren't -- and you're good, I can tell. D'you want to talk about that?"
GR: Only if you want to, Mr Stark.
TS: Oh, all right, you've made your point. Call me Tony, for the love of God. Okay. You know already that it was a... difficult time in my life, having to take over the company from my father, assuming his role as well as his name. I did not react well to that, for which I am sorry, but what's done is done.
GR: Your father was a very important figure in your life. It's understandable that you may have reacted perhaps unwisely to a provocation at that time -- we all grieve in different ways.
Stark's mouth twists; there's a trace of bitterness in his voice when he speaks again.TS: That is true. My father and I did not see eye to eye on a number of things, but we shared a passion for success, whether in swimming or pushing Stark Industries to the top of its game.
GR: It must have been terribly hard to lose your mother so soon after your father.
Stark's whole face flinches for a moment before he schools it again. I am sorry to bring this up, but I believe that in order to understand the man, we have to know where he comes from.TS: Yes. It was very difficult. My mother was the person I spent most of my time with, after my parents' divorce and my father's subsequent move to England with his new wife. It was also my mother who helped me come to terms with my father's death, and what that meant for my future. She is the reason I can accept that I am 'Mr Stark', now, much as I still feel people are addressing my father when they call me that.
GR: Mrs Stark was a remarkable woman. America is the poorer for her untimely passing. You have coped with your loss remarkably well, Tony, no one can deny that. Now, if I may ask a more personal question: you had not given any indication that you were thinking of a career in professional swimming before your father's death. Was your father's legacy your inspiration for throwing yourself into competitive swimming so late in life, compared to other swimmers in the circuit?
TS: He was one reason I decided to compete in the Olympics, yes. I have been swimming since before I could walk; both my mother and father encouraged me to pursue the sport at an early age. True, I didn't compete in meets, but I did the work behind the scenes, and it's paid off.
GR: Earning five gold medals is an amazing achievement. Congratulations!
Stark's face lights up with satisfaction.TS: Thank you. I'm very happy with my performance.
GR: Many people believe that we can credit your coach, Obadiah Stane, for your incredible results at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
TS: Well, yes, Obie and I work well together. He pushes me when I need it, and he lets me take the time to work on Stark Industries' designs when they need my attention, too. It's a winning combination.
GR: I believe I can speak for e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Sports
Get Together
Romance
Angst
Pining
Alternate Universe - Olympics
Alternate Universe - Swimming

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

