Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:
Set in an AU where everyone is a dom, sub or switch, aka your typical BDSM AU. What I've always found fascinating about these AUs is how one half of the population is readily accepted as less powerful, biologically speaking. But what happens if someone doesn't *want* to be a sub? What if they've been indoctrinated against their own self?
This first chapter is setting the ground-work. I promise, Nat is not going to be needy moving forwards.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
It’s a cold Friday morning when it all goes to hell. Friday the 13th, to be exact. Natasha is hardly superstitious, but she supposes she should have expected it, her record considering: the last Friday the 13th, she’d ended up with a pair of broken ribs and a nice stab wound to match. The time before that, her cover identity had been blown and she’d been forced to sprint through Prague with nothing but a butter knife and a shaving razor. So all things considered, this isn’t a huge leap, and when Clint corners her before their mission she’s not wholly surprised.
“What did you do?” she asks with an affectionate sigh, readying herself. He's set something on fire again, in all likelihood.
“Listen. Don’t freak out.” He is the picture of calm and collected, but she knows his tells intimately by now, the miniscule twitch of his index finger betraying his nerves.
“What?” she asks again, this time with significantly more suspicion, because Clint is nothing if not calm under duress and for him to be this worried to tell her means it’s bad, and they (because she's an accessory after the fact now, at the very least) are potentially facing Coulson's wrath in the near future.
“Don’t freak out,” the switch repeats.
“No promises.”
“So you know how I’ve been getting you your monthly Substop?” he hedges.
Natasha inclines her head stiffly, suddenly not at all liking the direction of this.
“And you know it’s very illegal.”
“You don’t want to get it anymore.” Her tone is flat. This is… unexpected, from Clint, but already her mind is rerouting to problem-solving.
Clint sighs, exasperated. “No. I can’t get it anymore.” As her eyes widen minutely, he adds hastily, “Not for the time being.”
Natasha’s forehead creases as she searches his face for signs of a joke. “What does that mean?” It's not like she doesn't have her own sources she can tap into, but Clint's circus buddy's been getting the pure stuff, cheap, for over a decade. Tracking down her own supply on this short of a notice will be a pain and a half, if not nearly impossible and exorbitantly expensive. "What do you mean, you can’t?”
“Nat, listen to me.” Clint grasps her arms just below her shoulders and squeezes gently. “I’m trying, okay? The crackdown’s been crazy. SHIELD just shut down the only remaining supplier this side of the Atlantic. There’s basically not a gram of the stuff left in the Americas.”
If Clint's source is busted, any of her own would-be suppliers are undoubtedly dead in the water.
“Then we go to Europe.” She shrugs out of his grip. “You can cover for me." She nods decisively. "That’ll work. I’ll go. Today. I can leave now.”
His hands are back on her arms. She notices raised goose-bumps on her own arm, which is odd, because she doesn’t feel cold.
Clint’s speaking softly, soothing, and she wants to slap him for it. “It’s okay, I’ve got this. Just give me a couple of weeks, alright? I can dig up an alternate stream from my guys in New Mexico… a few small shipments’ll probably start coming in after the weekend.”
She does some quick mental calculations. It won’t work. There's a thug-for-hire in Dallas who's enmeshed in every drug cartel under the sun and happens to owe her a favor, but that won't be on time either. “It's not…”
“I’ll have it in less than two weeks. And you must that have that extra from last time left over?” His fingers skim over her hair as she nods, concern radiating from the gesture. “Okay? Can you go ten days or so?”
She nods again, side-stepping him neatly as she catches sight of Tony entering the room. The sub is too nosy for his own good, and the position they’d been in was decidedly too dom-sub for him not to ask questions. Clint follows her gaze, draws back from her and greets Tony with an easy grin, starting up a conversation about his new upgraded bow. Natasha’s heart is racing too fast for her to be able to hear much more than the roar in her ears.
She lied. She doesn’t have the extra he’d given her last month. It finished last night in a dose that she can already feel wearing off. She’d used it up, because they’d gone on more missions this month and she’d been wearing thin, and she thought she’d be getting more in a few days, she hadn’t known….
She straightens her shoulders, annoyed at herself for spiraling. She can go ten days. Less than two weeks without dropping. It’s possible. Maybe. If she doesn’t get agitated between now and next weekend.
Tony can’t do it. He drops after b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub
Hurt/Comfort
Subdrop
Sub Tony
Sub Natasha
Dom Steve
Switch Clint
Switch Coulson
Dom Thor
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Natasha Needs a Hug
Natasha-centric

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

