Work Text:
Steph was thirty-seven days into the 21st century and she'd gone through seventeen punching bags. She felt bad about it, but only after when the bag was on the floor ten feet away from her and her fists had that dull throb that said she'd gone too far. The omnipresent guards always waved off her efforts to clean up. "It's our pleasure, Captain," a particularly fresh-faced one said after bag fourteen. "You're a real hero. I did a project on you in sixth grade."Steph tried to smile. It felt like being in the USO again, smiling and winking for war bonds back when she was still Miss America—famous for doing nothing. Famous for sitting around. Famous for what she was, not anything she'd done. Thirty-seven days into the 21st century, and the only time Steph had been outside SHIELD's walls was when she'd woken, panicked, and ran.And here she was now, sandbag number eighteen on the other side of the room, and her plans for escape interrupted by the skulking figure of Nick Fury. "I think you won," he said.Steph unwrapped the gauze from her hands. "Did you get my request?"Fury held up a file folder. "Permission to leave. I've looked it over. You could make a nice, quiet life for yourself out there. Eighty years of back-pay will get you a pretty little house. Is that the plan?""Close enough."Fury walked towards her. Steph kept her eye on him. She didn't trust him, and she knew that he knew it as well. He probably liked that. In Steph's time during the war, she'd worked with a lot of intelligence officers, powerful men and women who never told you what they did or where they came from. She'd relied on their information and respected their contribution to the war at great personal risk to themselves, but Steph never felt wholly comfortable around them. She didn't trust people who only showed you the ends and never the means.He stopped a few feet from her. "Do you think you'd be happy in that kind of life?"For a moment, she hated him for asking it. But she couldn't. She'd asked herself the same question too many times to judge someone else for wanting to know. "Maybe. I won't know until I try."Fury chuckled, low and deep. "You wouldn't last a week. I don't care what your head shrinks blabber on about, you weren't meant to sit around and let the world pass you by."She'd done it for sixty years. She had to be pretty good at it by now. Steph wiped the flour from her hands and crossed her arms. "You’re trying to get me back into the world.""I'm trying to save it." Something in his voice made her straighten up. Were he a different man, Steph might have said that it was fear. Fury fixed her with a piercing stare. "How would you like to get your hands on your old shield?""You found it?" She couldn’t keep the eagerness out of her voice.He clapped her on the shoulder. "Armory, 1400 hours. We’ve got the whole uniform. Come try it on and we'll see if we can't find you something more interesting than a house in the suburbs." Back in the USO, Steph had resented a lot of things—the frivolity, the jeering men, the posing, and of course she hated nothing so much as the fact that she was here instead of there. Steph had known she wouldn’t be allowed on the frontlines—she was a super soldier, but she was still a woman, and people held a lot of intractable ideas about where women should be. But she’d thought she could at least be in the warzone. She thought that she could fight. Instead, for those first few months at least, it looked like the closest she’d ever get to the war was when the airmen painted her on the side of a jet.But as much as she chafed as a performer, Steph couldn’t help but love her outfit. It sure as heck wasn’t a uniform, no ma’am, but despite everything it symbolized and everything it didn’t, putting it on made Steph feel, well, powerful in a very womanly way. In a sense, that was ridiculous. Basically, it was a modified chorus girl outfit. The skirt was short, the top was tight, and the boots were high. And she had never worn anything like it in her entire life. Never had the body for it. Never had the courage either. Steph hadn’t been a wallflower, but she hadn’t been blind either. Looks weren’t her asset and she didn’t want them to be. But looking in the mirror and not just tolerating but liking what she saw? That was nice, Steph wouldn’t deny that. “Is that the new uniform?” Bucky asked after she pulled him off Hydra’s table.She slung his arm over her shoulder. “Sure is. You get fitted next week.”Bucky told her later, when she visited him in the medical after Colonel Phillips dressing down, that that had been the moment he’d known for sure that this beautiful dame was Steph. “You had the same bad sense of humor.”When Howard set about equipping her new force, Steph asked if there was some way she could keep the uniform basically the same. Howard grinned so wide his mustache nearly popped off. “Help a pretty girl fight Nazis in a miniskirt? Sweetheart, I’m Howard Stark.”Peggy, however, the person whose opi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Genderswap
femmeslash
Always female
Television Watching
Bonding
POV Female Character
Female Protagonist
Female Relationships
Platonic Female/Male Relationships
Parks and Recreation appreciation
POV Lesbian Character

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

