Work Text:
Sitting in the worn chair behind his heavy wooden desk, Steve was reviewing the daily rosters for the upcoming week when a cursory knock sounded at the door before his lieutenant rushed in. He pushed the paperwork away as Jack halted a few feet in front of his desk, obviously flustered. Steve wondered what could have happened. Normally the middle of the day was quiet for the castle guards and Jack, although young, had a steady head. Now, though, his blue uniform jacket was askew, as though he'd pulled it on quickly, and his quickened breathing only slowed down as Steve watched him, waiting for an explanation.
Jack snapped off an impeccable salute. "Sorry for the interruption, sir, but there's been a... disturbance." Steve waited, one eyebrow raising as Jack flushed under his gaze. "Sorry," he said again, then seemed to realize he was repeating himself and straightened, almost visibly regaining self-control. "There was some sort of explosion in the old dungeons, sir."
Steve was on his feet in an instant, settling his azure helmet on his head before reaching for his shield where it leaned against the corner of his desk. Usually the weight of his armor was an annoyance; at the moment, he found himself grateful for the regulation that demanded the Captain of the Guard be armored when on duty. His shield, lighter than it looked and white star shining in the bluish mage light, gave Steve silent reassurance in its familiarity. He might have to carry a sword, but his shield would ever be his first line of offense as well as defense.
Moving toward the door, Jack on his heels, he asked, "Details?"
"Barton reported it, sir. He and Banner were doing the shift patrol." Jack ran a hand through his brown curls, not able to fully repress his sigh.
Steve nodded, understanding his lieutenant's reluctant tone. Barton and Banner were two of his most experienced guards, but they always seemed to end up on low-duty shifts - Barton due to his attitude, and Banner his infamous temper. He headed for the stairway that led to the lower levels, wondering what could have happened. 
"Just an explosion? Any idea what caused it?"
"No, sir. Barton left Banner behind to keep an eye on things and found me - I'm the duty officer today - and I came and got you. Although," Jack paused, a hint of uncertainty creeping into his tone. "He mentioned that they thought they heard someone... arguing? With himself?"
Steve's eyebrow lifted, but he remained silent. No doubt Jack was afraid the two guards were imagining things, but Steve was more afraid that they weren't. No one lived in the lower levels - which weren't dungeons, regardless of their nickname. Unused store rooms, old laboratories from the king's youthful days, and one block of prison cells, which was as close as the castle had to an honest dungeon. No one should have even been down there; the main reason he insisted the shift patrol include them was because of the castle youngsters' habit of getting lost down there every few months. Not that he had ever been one of them, Steve thought, his lips turning up into a half-smile for an instant. No, the leader of the group he'd tagged along behind in his youth would never get lost in the castle. The prince would have been horrified at the very thought. 
Thoughts of Prince Anthony, once Steve's surest way to lift himself out of a gloomy mood, now served only to make him morose, only too aware of the differences between the royal heir to the throne and a humble soldier. His smile faded, and he wondered if the prince still had a talent for getting into trouble; he hadn't been seen since he'd gone away to study some arcane field at a far-distant university, several years ago.
Visions of shattered doors and blackened halls filled his thoughts, so Steve was pleasantly surprised when they finally got to the bottom of the stairs and turned to the side that held the laboratories and found... nothing. He could smell the acrid scent of smoke in the air, and the heavy brass-bound door was hanging open instead of being shut as it should have been, but other than that.... He halted and looked around, finally meeting the strangely embarrassed gazes of Barton and Banner. The two guards stood in the small nook across the wide hallway from the open door, and he could see the chagrin on their faces. Clint Barton, a bow and quiver strapped securely to his back even for a patrol in the depths of the castle, seemed torn between resignation and laughter. Beside him, Bruce Banner looked nervous, but Steve knew the man well enough to recognize his normal expression. Banner's loose grip on the short sword belted to his waist told Steve that there was no immediate danger.
"It looks quiet enough now," he said dryly, lifting his helmet off of his head in order to look directly at them, and waited. He crossed his arms over his chest, settling them in place against the ridges of his chest plate through long habit. Although the light gauntlets now obscured the star on 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne

freeform: 
Fluff
Schmoop
First Kiss
Pining
Community: cap_ironman
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge
Challenge: cap_ironman bingo
Alternate Universe - Fantasy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne

