Work Text:
Bucky was bored. It was a slow night; Nat was on the phone, her quiet murmuring a steady background noise while Bucky played Subway Surfers and pushed his office chair around and around in slow circles. So when a call came in, the alert popping up on his computer screen, Bucky rushed back to his desk to answer.“I got it,” he waved Nat’s questioning glance away and put on his headset, accepting the call.The window opened, and he could see a young man on his monitor, roughly his own age, darkish blond hair and wearing a grey hoodie over a washed out blue t-shirt. Bucky waved at the guy to greet him, hands and lips moving fluently to form the words.
‘Hello! Welcome to Video Relay. Please tell me the name and number I can connect you to.’
The guy started signing the phone number, his mouth moving with each digit he gave. As he entered the numbers, Bucky caught a glimpse of the room behind the guy; small with warm but dim light. He could see the blurry outlines of what looked like several drawings on the wall behind the desk.‘And the name?’ Bucky asked, receiving nothing but a small shrug from the guy. And the faintest trace of a smirk around his lips.Okay, so maybe he was just going to order a pizza or something. Bucky nodded, and with a brief gesture with his hand he told the man on the screen that he was waiting for the call to connect.Eventually, a man answered, his tone monotonous and professional.“You have called Gay Live Line, which of our boys do you want?”A few seconds passed, because Bucky suddenly had the feeling that he’d missed something. “I’m… sorry, who’s this exactly?”“Gay Live Line,” the guy responded and, after another pause, added, “the gay phone sex line.”… right.Bucky’s gaze flew back to the guy he had on Skype, and after another moment he cleared his throat. “Yes… ah… could I put you on hold for a second?”Without waiting for confirmation, he immediately started signing again. ‘I think you’ve got a wrong number there. It’s a sex line.’ Bucky bit down on a small, amused grin that wanted to spread on his lips, but the guy kept smirking, simply raising his eyebrows somewhere between apologetic and challenging. Bucky froze.“Hello? Do you want to talk to any of our boys now or not?” the operator asked a little impatiently, jerking Bucky out of his state.“I’m sorry, my name’s Bucky, I’m calling from Video Relay, I have a -”“I don’t care, hun, just tell me who you want to talk to and I’ll put you through.”The guy was still watching him calmly, expectantly, and after a long moment’s hesitation, Bucky sighed in defeat. “Yes… sorry, hold on.”
‘Who do you want to talk to?’
‘I don’t really know. What are the options?’“Depends what you’re into,” the operator replied once Bucky had translated the question.
‘What have you got?’
“We’ve got twinks, bears, college boys, interracial, domination, deep-throat, chubbies, trannies, sugar daddies, soldiers, sailors, Asians, gang bang, fisting, small cock, bick cock, facials, rimming, creamp--”“Alright, okay!” Bucky cut the man off, feeling his eyes widen. He hoped at least he didn’t look as shocked as he felt.God, he wasn’t paid enough for this.Nat was looking at him curiously now but Bucky tried to ignore her, focussing back on his Skype guy, slowly starting to sign again.
‘College boys, interracial, small cocks, big cocks.’
A strangled laugh made Bucky hurriedly throw Nat a quick shut the hell up gesture under the table.‘Okay’, the guy signed, brow furrowing slightly in thought for a short moment. ‘That’s it? No athletes or military guys?’For a brief moment Bucky hesitated, because hey, he’d been in the army after all, but just a moment later he realised that this would probably be an awful, horrible idea.So he shook his head, trying to look unimpressed.The guy rolled his eyes but smirked nevertheless, shrugging before he signed, ‘College boy then.’“College boys please,” Bucky repeated the answer with a bit of relief and informed blond guy that the call was connecting. He wondered if he had done this before; he looked way too relaxed not to. But Bucky had never done this before, and he’d be lying if he claimed he wasn’t kind of fidgety about this.The call connected after two beeps, and Bucky could hear the pleasant, somewhat husky voice of another man, “Hi, this is Jake. Who’s this?”“Hi, my name’s Bucky,” he replied in his best professional voice and a smile on his lips. This wasn’t going to be so hard, he could do this, he was a professional after all. “And I’m calling from…”“Hi, Bucky,” the other guy cut him off, “you sound nice. And calling just at the right moment because I’m so fucking horny right now.”“Okay, ah, that’s great and all but…” God fucking damnit. Bucky took a deep breath. “Look. I’m calling from Video Relay, I have a caller on the line who’s the one who wants to talk to you, I’m just… he uses sign language, and I’m just the guy who’s interpreting the call for the two of you,” he rushed out before he could be interrupted again.There was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Sign Language
Deaf Character
Phone Sex
Awkwardness
Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

