Work Text:


Tall, blond hottie (in a sweater) was back, staring at the wall of new and popular titles with a thoughtful expression on his face.  He came in every Tuesday night like clockwork, read through the summaries on the back of a handful of books with his profile turned just enough towards the front entrance that Bucky could see the slope of his nose and take joy in watching those arm muscles minutely flex as he shifted the book in his grasp.  Bucky wasn't sure if the guy came in any other nights of the week, but he always listened carefully as his coworkers chatted about the attractive men they saw on their shifts... That is to say, they all got excited for the once in a blue moon where someone well-read and moderately attractive was in the library.  It was such a rare occurrence that they saw firemen during the bi-annual fire drills more often than they saw the elusive attractive reader. There was no way that Bucky was telling anyone about tall, blond hottie (in a sweater).  He was likely to have his Tuesday night shift stolen from under him, and then where would he be? Well, he'd be bereft of TBH (in a sweater), at the very least. Casting his eye over, Bucky checked out TBH's ass and accidentally made eye contact with the woman who had been observing him with all the attentiveness of someone who had a thing for librarians and was weighing whether he'd satisfy that thirst or not.  Bucky had gotten used to people diverting where they were walking the moment they saw him.  This woman almost tripped over her own feet to get to him. "So what if I want to take this book home?" she asked, dropping a paperback on the desk in front of him with a smile. "Do you have a library card?" he questioned, regretting every moment that took his attention away from TBH's ass.  TBH's visit to the library typically lasted less than 5 minutes, and Bucky had an extreme hate-on for everyone who dared interrupt his pining. "No..." she responded with hesitation, leaning towards him, a flirty smile starting on her lips. "Circulation area," Bucky answered in a terse tone, pointing towards the entrance. "But how do I get a card? Are there rules?" "Circulation can answer that," he answered, gesturing again and making sure to dismiss her by bowing his head and working on the papers in front of him. Usually he’d be vaguely amused that her plan had failed because she hadn’t considered asking a question that was part of his job to answer, but not this time.  This time Bucky gritted his teeth and waited her out so he could look up again.  Tall, blond hottie had a very interesting backside that flexed as he checked out his books.  Bucky so rarely got to see it. She walked away and immediately headed towards the computers instead of the customer services desk.  Bucky looked over to see if TBH was still there, but he'd already checked out his chosen book and was headed out the door. Damn. .x. “Nice,” Natasha said from right behind his ear as Bucky watched tall, blond hottie check out his most recent book.  He yelped at her sudden appearance, jumping in his seat and knocking over an open case of thumb tacks, because of course if he was going to knock something over, it would be something that could hurt to clean up.  Natasha looked down at the floor and then at tall, blond hottie.  “It looks like you have a small prick situation.” If Natasha was anyone else she’d walk away laughing, but instead she just gave him a knowing look, mouth curling up in a vaguely amused expression, before straightening up and heading into the teen area.  The teen area was one of those places that constantly needed security to do a walk-through, and that was partially because it was an incredibly good service model to give teenagers their own space but at the same time the library had separated them from lines of visibility and no one liked finding used condoms stuck to the chairs (though Bucky would debate it was probably worse not to find used condoms stuck to the chairs). Bucky looked down at the mess scattered around him.  He did have a prick situation.  He couldn’t even deny it.  It would be tacky not to. He laughed to himself as he cleaned up the mess, because Bucky had no problem embracing the hilarity of bad puns. .x. Tall, blond hottie (in a hoodie and dress pants) had just spent the last five minutes reading a book summary, seemingly distracted by something.  Bucky watched him through his eyelashes, sucking on the end of his highlighter as he went through book-ordering magazines.  He typically just ordered full lists, but it was always a good idea to have a base-line of familiarity with the section of the collection that he was in charge of.  He hated it when he accidentally ordered books he was morally against.  Typically, he'd receive them, say "who the fuck ordered this bullshit?" and then see that it was him.  50 Shades of Grey had been a dark time for him, and he didn't envy the person who purchased DVDs. Though, she was probably one of the people
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Library
Librarian Bucky
Bucky is misanthropic
but he looks forward to Tuesday nights when Steve comes in

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

