Work Text:
The second Steve lets it slip, he immediately thinks, ‘Motherfucker.’ He knows, just knows that this will become one of those instances that never go away. Like the time he’d gotten a little too trigger happy with his shield and had startled the living daylight out of what had turned out to be a rabbit. The Commandos had made lucky rabbit’s foot jokes and told him to “hoppity hop to it” until Dugan had let his full name slip three weeks later. He clamps his mouth shut so hard his teeth clicks and hopes no one notices until –“Wait a second. No one else is gonna deal with the fact that Cap just said ‘language’?”There it is. “It just slipped out,” Steve protests weakly. Sarah Rogers had never been fond of his potty mouth; his mother’s attitude had made him … contradictory towards swears that hadn’t come from his own mouth. It had taken two years without her to stop instinctually flinching away from sharp fingers pinching his ears whenever he swore. Hell, sometimes he can still taste the soap she had made him wash his mouth with the very first time she caught him swearing. Ninety-five years and he still blames Billy Thompson – lying marble stealing bastard. Steve sidles up besides Thor. Thor’s safe, too easy-going to give him grief, especially in the thick of a fight. All Thor does is give him a bright grin when they take down a tank – bless his little Viking heart – and listens keenly when Steve details out a plan.“And for gosh sake watch your language!” Tony manages to slip in nonetheless.Wily fucking bastard.
 Tony’s grinning at him on the way back, lets Steve catch flashes of a smirk every time he turns a little in the pilot’s chair. “Fuck off, Stark,” Steve groans, punching the back of Tony’s seat lightly. Tony clutches his heart and makes a face like he’s dying of shock before swiveling around dramatically, snickering as he hunches over his controls. Steve glares at the Starfleet emblem on the back of the seat, tempted to scratch at it with the edge of his shield.“You know he’s going to tell everyone right?” Natasha points out when he decides he could never betray Kirk like that. “‘Yay!’” Steve says, makes his voice go high and delighted in sarcastic mimicry of Tony’s squeal when he’d squirreled pass the hidden doorway hiding the scepter. “Nice try!” Tony throws back over his shoulder because he has no shame and Steve doesn’t know why he bothers.“He’s right,” Natasha throws in, helpful as always, “We all already know he’s adorable.”Steve glares when they fist bump. Somewhere between boozy Sunday brunch and Park Avenue manicures, they’d become inseparable. Steve had tripped over Expensive Midnight Booze Hour three times this month, had had to be the one to drag Tony to bed while Natasha cooed at her bottle of vodka and showed off the nails Tony had done for her. Steve’s not sure his sanity can take both Natasha and Tony ganging up on him together; he definitely knows he’s not willing to test the limits any time soon.“You ever feel like someone’s stealing your best friend?” Steve asks Clint when Natasha and Tony hunch over the controls.Clint opens one eyes from where he’d been lying awkwardly on his side. If Clint didn’t have the world’s angriest resting face, Steve would think he was getting the hairy eyeball, especially when Clint drawls sarcastically, “No. Never. Hey remember that time you guys took a road trip to Washington and then blew up my work place? Fun times.”
 Steve gets a reprieve when Bruce mentions calling in Helen Cho. Tony spends the entire time bitching and making faces (it’s just 3D printing; I synthesized vibranium!) but goes completely still when she talks through her latest projects, watching her set Clint up with rapt attention. He’s not fooling anyone.Steve had found Tony curled up under the kitchen table once, going through all of Cho’s publications, fingers tapping away at his tablet as he scanned PubMed. Steve had even been woken up a week ago when Tony had stormed into his bedroom, ranting about The Cradle and nanostructures and graphene and something something – illuminations of colloidal particles to fabricate hollow-core 3D nanostructures for further use in biomedicine. Steve hadn’t asked how it all related; he may or may not have been busy carefully arranging his legs in a certain manner and very resolutely not moving when Tony sat on his ankles and waved his arms about, smelling like clean soap and still damp from his shower.“Fucking hell,” Steve swears when Natasha jabs him hard in the stomach with an elbow. It’s worst than being stabbed by one of her knives. Almost.She grins toothily at him, “Ooh, Captain America said a bad word.”“I liked you better when you were trying to find me a date,” Steve sighs and immediately regrets it because she only smiles wider.“I’ve found you a date,” she says flippantly, making a vague sort of wave towards Tony. He’s bouncing around the lab, not so discreetly fiddling with the screens, probably trying to get a better insight on wha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
brief mention Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
brief mention Vision/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Explicit Language
Fluff
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
brief mention Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
brief mention Vision/Wanda Maximoff

