Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Entertain me.”There was a faint chuckle from the other end of the line.  “You woke me up, and you expect me to be entertaining?” Steve Rogers asked.  “Even for you, Stark, that shows a distinct lack of class.”Tony Stark grinned.  “First of all, Rogers, I am absolutely lousy with class.  Pure class.  There is no question as to my classiness, so stop trying to ruin my good name, you will not succeed, and you will only embarrass yourself in the attempt.”Steve made a noise that may or may not have been a snort of laughter.  Tony pushed his advantage without a qualm. “Secondly, pull the other one, I know very well that you only sleep about four hours each night and you are currently in the weight room, pounding the hell out of yet another punching bag.  Take it easy, champ, I'm sick of buying those things in bulk, it's beginning to put a dent in the household budget.”  He paused for a sip of his coffee; it was, sadly, the last sip of his coffee.  He had a brief moment of silence, mourning for a truly excellent cappuccino before he pitched it into the nearest trash can.  “And if you were asleep, you would've turned your phone off.”“I do not.  What if I'm needed at...”  On the other end of the line, Steve paused, and sighed.  “Two am.  Tony, it's two am.”“Not where I am!” Tony strolled through the streets, his free hand tucked into the back pocket of  his jeans, a crisp blazer over a faded Aerosmith t-shirt and a pair of shoes that cost more than most basic cars.  “Which is, after all, all that matters.”“I'll keep that in mind,” Steve said, and Tony heard him sit down.  “How's the conference?”“I hijacked the keynote speech last night.  Had to buy the entire room a drink from the damn cash bar to keep from being stoned to death with flash drives and smart phones,” Tony said, grinning, unrepentant.  “Natives all chanting angry equations and sacrificing lab techs to appease wrathful data.”“I reiterate, classy, Stark, classy.”“Aw, you're grinning like an idiot right now.  I can tell.”  Tony tipped his face up, studying the morning sky through his sunglasses.  Cloudless and crisp, the blue almost painful, almost like Steve's eyes, and wow, he was a pathetic little fanboy.  He gave a mental shrug.  Eh, it was fine, Steve took his calls at two am.That was either a sign of affection, or codependency.  Tony wasn't willing to look too closely at it.“How's everyone?”“Fine, minor issue in central park yesterday,” Steve said. “You got the report?”“Yeah.” Tony wandered up the street, wondering if he had time to get himself another coffee before the talk he was supposed to be giving this morning.  No damn way he was putting up with a room of sixty plus hostile scientists on hotel coffee.  He deserved a final meal before his execution.  “Random teleportation portals?  What was Richards up to this time?”“You really have to stop blaming Reed for everything vaguely unusual,” Steve said.  “It's not good for inter-team relationships.”“Oh, so it wasn't him?” Tony said, all saccharine sweetness.“Well, this time it was, but really, Tony.”“Really, Steve.”  Tony grinned.  “So Reed opened up a bunch of portals in the middle of Central Park, and I wasn't even there to explain to him why that's a bad idea.  Instead I was here, trying to remain awake while an idiot with a Nobel prize butchered the basic experimental process.  This whole being-in-Vienna thing is getting worse by the day.”“And still, we somehow managed to get through it without you,” Steve said.  “It was a minor problem, Reed got them shut down before much came through the portals.  A couple of rock monsters of some sort, so Thor had fun.  Bruce went back to being Bruce a little sooner than we would've liked.  He's got a couple of cracked ribs, but no lasting damage.  Your new armor piercing arrows worked well for Clint.”“I am deeply, deeply disapproving of the note of SURPRISE I am hearing in your voice right now, Steve.  Everything I make works well.”  And wow, that was the biggest, most baldfaced lie to ever come out of his mouth, and he'd testified in front of the Joint Chiefs.  Luckily, Steve was far too polite to call him on that fact, so it'll be fine.“Tony, do I have to bring up the water arrows?”Now that was just hitting below the belt.“You know, I liked you so much better when you were painfully polite and too cowed by my fierce brilliance to backtalk, Cap.”“I wasn't cowed, I thought someone was playing an elaborate joke on me,” Steve said, and he was laughing, Tony knew he was laughing, but his voice was as calm and professional as ever.   “Everyone kept saying, 'This is Tony Stark.  He's brilliant,' and I kept thinking, 'Is this an Emperor's New Clothes situation?  Am I the only one who sees that this guy talks to himself and blew up a piece of the conference table and once missed the doorway and walked into the wall instead?'”  Steve made a humming sound under his breath.  “Is that the fella you're talking about?”Tony was laughing too har
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Tony Stark is a BAMF
Humor
Kidnapping
Banter
Author has mental issues
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

