Work Text:
It was easy to look at Peter and forget that, when the need arose, he was the ever amazing Spiderman, and not just some little teenage boy.
                In this moment, sprawled out on Wade’s couch in his jeans and t-shirt, flipping through channels ideally, it was definitely easy to forget.
                He’d shown up maybe an hour earlier, just after dark, with this sweet sort of sarcastic smile, his bag slung over one shoulder, and Wade hadn’t even thought of telling the kid to go home. He never did.
 He’s the sweetest piece of ass you’ve ever seen.
                Young and sweet, only seventeen!
                “You’re staring.” Wade’s head jerked up, and Peter was watching him, one eyebrow quirked up. Oh, he had been staring.
                “And how can I not Petey, have you bothered to look ar yourself?” He grinned, crossing the room and hopping onto the couch, Peter barely having the chance to scrunch his legs out of the way. Wade leaned an arm over the back of the couch, still giving him that big grin. It was nice to see it though, sans mask. Typically Wade just pulled his mask up above his nose, didn’t let Peter see his face.
                Then again, Peter didn’t just show up at his apartment very much. So seeing the man in something aside of his suit was almost jarring. Not that he minded. He just wished Wade would chill and realize the scars didn’t bother him.
                Peter scoffed, turning his attention back to the television. He wasn’t sure what he was looking for, if he really wanted anything at all. He just knew he’d managed to sneak out and would rather spend a night on Wade’s couch then swinging from the city’s buildings, for once.
                Or better, his bed.
                They hadn’t been dating long- if you could even call rutting like animals dating. He probably shouldn’t even think of it as that- but Peter did. In a stupid way that made him angry at himself for it. Wade was a sarcastic, annoying, stranger-then-all-hell asshole- but he liked him, even if he didn’t want to admit it.
                Besides, the guy got him off like no one ever did.
                He stretched his legs over Wade’s lap, an instant later one of the mercenary’s hands on his calf, stroking. Peter didn’t stop him, had actually hoped he’d do exactly that, and shifted, casually pushing his hips up for a moment. Wade was still staring at him, and it made him feel hot under his skin and almost uneasy all at once. He didn’t dislike it- but he wouldn’t admit that.
                “Find something,” he said, tossing the remote down to him. Wade caught it, tapping it on the arm of the couch.
                “Can’t I just watch you Petey?”
                “Watch me do what?”
                “Anything. Breathe maybe.” Peter rolled his eyes.
                “You’re creepy, Wade.” The man beamed at him.
                “Oh, you love it.”
 He definitely does.
 Can we eat him up now?
                Peter didn’t say anything, deciding he’d stare idly at the TV as Wade flipped through the channels, catching a few minutes of a program before he got bored and flipped up a channel. With each flip his hand inched up Peter’s leg, until it hit his thigh and Peter turned his gaze to him. “You know I can feel that.”
                “Aw c’mon Petey sweetie, don’t tell me you came all the way over here to stare at the television all night?” Peter pinched his lips together- because, truth be told, he didn’t. He came over hoping he’d end up with Wade all over him, with a hand around his cock and a mouth on his own. Or the two of them squirming around, grinding into each other until they were delirious.
                Or more, if it ended up that way. Because, until this point, it hadn’t. And there seemed like so much Peter wanted but didn’t know how to ask for, or if he was really ready for it.
                So, maybe he hoped Wade would take the initiative and just do it.
                Wade’s hand slipped higher, squeezed his thigh, and Peter couldn’t help it, he spread his legs slightly, trying to slide down closer to his hand. Wade grinned, that shit-eating-made-Peter-want-to-punch-him-grin, and reached for Peter, grabbing him and hoisting him up, right onto his lap. Peter squirmed- but didn’t really try to get away, could have if he wanted, knew he over powered the larger man despite the size difference. When he was settled he was straddling Wade’s lap, the older man’s hands on his hips, fingertips curling back against the flesh of his ass.
                “Wade,” Peter whined, half-heartedly, placing his hands on his chest. Wade leaned in, smirking at him, close enough that Peter could feel him breathe.
                “You really want me to let you go baby boy? Just say the word.” Peter openly shivered, his breath catching in his throat, wanting to slap Wade for the stupid pet name but knowing he loved it, that it made his belly tighten up like a coiled snake. So of course he didn’t say an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Peter is only 17
Anal
Oral
Anal Fingering
Virgin Peter
but also very sex interested Peter
Rimming
Dirty Talk
Somnophilia
Everything is consensual

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

