Work Text:
"Daredevil."
 
That voice... authoritative, confident, self-assured.  It expects to be recognized, Matt can tell, and then he realizes where he's heard it before.
 
"Captain America," he observes flatly, concentration on the thugs tied up below breaking. 
 
"It's plainclothes tonight," the head of the Avengers says.  "You can call me Steve."
 
"Because that means I'm supposed to tell you my name," Matt replies.  "Right?"
 
"Whatever you're comfortable with."
 
And what's he supposed to say to that?   Where the hell was your team, when Fisk blew up Hell's Kitchen?  Or maybe nice of you guys to break the city apart and then do nothing about it, considering Tony Stark's a billionaire and all.  The last thing he's comfortable with is being ambushed, on a rooftop, in his own neighborhood, by the guy who nearly destroyed Midtown a few years ago.
 
"I'll pass," he says instead, figuring that's a better answer, and lets it just hang.
 
Cap coughs.  "That was an impressive display down there.  Saved that woman from..."
 
"No offense, Cap, but it's been a long night and I'm not really in the mood for some S.H.I.E.L.D. interrogation.  What do you want?"
 
"I've heard about some of the things you've been doing.  Wanted to get eyes on you."
 
"Why?"
 
"You're operating in my city, figured..."
 
"Your city?"  Matt snorts, letting the brick wall behind him take his weight.  The cops are incoming, a few blocks out; he doesn't even need amplified hearing to catch the sirens.  "Bit different from the last time you were here, isn't it?"
 
Cap's voice is tighter, terser, when he speaks again.  "I don't care much for vigilantes."
 
"And what exactly is your definition of vigilante, Captain?  I'm assuming, with the amount of disgust you put into that word, you're not referring to yourself."
 
"I'm not here in a professional capacity, Daredevil.  I'm just a guy..."
 
"...from Brooklyn, I know."  Matt finishes it for him.  It's either correct or insulting, but either way, it ought to shut him up.  People hate that sort of thing.  "And I'm just a guy from Hell's Kitchen trying to make his neighborhood a little bit safer."
 
"Well you seem to be handling it well."
 
"And what gives you the right to have an opinion on anything?"
 
That really does shut the Avenger up.
 
For a moment or two.
 
"I'm guessing you probably need to get going," Cap says drily, probably making some hand gesture Matt can't see.  Sure, he might be able to see vague shapes, the world on fire, with his eyes open and the world around him open, but the mask removes that distraction entirely.  Makes it easier in a fight, but harder in casual situations like this.  If a situation like this can be called casual.  "You should drop by the tower sometime, in uniform or whatever.  We won't even ask you for ID."
 
No way in hell is he doing that.  But Matt nods anyway.  "I'll take it into consideration."
 

+++++
 Foggy - when Matt relates the story, over the same sparse breakfast of fried eggs and toast they've been eating since Foggy conned a hot plate off a graduating senior back in undergrad - tells him he's insane. "Avenger tower?  That's like... everybody in New York wants to see inside of that place!  I want to see inside that place!" "It's the Avengers," Matt says, trying to stress that word, hoping he won't have to spell this out for his friend. "Yeah.  Exactly.  The Avengers." Matt doesn't need to look to know that Foggy's grinning.  It's in his voice.  "Whatever," he says, and mops up the last bit of yolk off his plate.  One hand on the table, he stands, the other reaching for the edge of the counter; four steps to the sink.  After Foggy found out about the whole world on fire thing, he asked Matt, very bluntly, if he only behaved like he was blind to put on a good show for the civilians.  That hurt, but then, Matt's just grateful his best friend gave him a second chance, after Fisk. "You can't possibly be upset with them for New York!" Foggy says loudly, in between his last few bites.  "There were aliens pouring out of the sky and all." Matt would roll his eyes, if it meant anything to do so.  “I need a shower. You coming or what?" Foggy comes.  He also pins Matt to the tile, hands on his hips.  "You're worried they're going to figure out you're blind." "I'm..." "You know what happens if you lie to me again, right?" Oh yeah, Matt knows.  Foggy made it damn clear, when they moved back in together - after that dreadful experiment in living apart for the first time since college, thinking it’d be too much to manage a business partnership and a roommate situation - that what anything less than 100% honesty would do to this... whatever it is that they have.  But it's a stupid fear to admit to, a stupid thing to be embarrassed about, and Matt kisses his friend instead.  It gets him a slap and a chuckle, and they're both half an hour late to the office. Hopefully, though, the Avengers will leave him alone.  
+++++
  They don't. Of course they don't. Becaus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
First Meetings
Slice of Life
Avengers Tower

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

