Chapter 1: Adoption Parties
    




Chapter Text
They were called adoption parties but Steve didn’t understand why if no one actually got adopted that day- and nobody ever got adopted on the day of the adoption parties. They got found, claimed, discovered, whatever you wanted to call it, but no one got adopted. This was Steve’s fifth party and Tony had complained the entire way there, up until they had arrived, entered, and been surrounded and ultimately separated by children. That was two hours ago.
Tony, for his part, had peeled away from his husband as soon as he could, letting the children surround him like the child magnet he was and finding a nice quiet corner away from the mess. Tony knew what they were looking for in a child- or more importantly what Steve was looking for because Tony was still convinced he was going to be a horrible father. But he loved Steve and Steve would be a great dad. Steve wanted an older boy, one of the kids that were more difficult to adopt because Steve was a softy and would adopt anything that moved. Tony wanted Steve to be happy, so he humored him and went along to each meeting but that didn’t mean he enjoyed it. 
The spot he had found was quiet and it took Tony almost ten minutes to realize he was sitting next to a little girl who was silently drawing with a purple crayon.
“Hello,” said Tony, a bit uncertain as to what to do. “What are you drawing?”
The girl glanced at Tony, bright purple eyes peaking up at him through soft red hair, before quickly looking down again, ignoring the billionaire. 
“I’m Tony,” said Tony, trying again. “What’s your name?”
Again, the girl said nothing just continued to draw on the paper.
“So I guess you hate these parties just as much as I do,” said Tony, looking away from the girl and around the room where other children and adults were playing, laughing, and talking. “I’m only here because my husband wants a child. Don’t get me wrong, kids are great and all, but I’d be a shit parent. Damn! Steve said no cursing in front of kids. See? I don’t even have a kid yet and I’m already screwing up.”
The girl continued to color.
“Anyway,” said Tony, leaning back against the wall more comfortably. “Steve wants a boy about nine or ten years old. He’s found several that he likes but they get adopted before he can make his move. It’s like a curse he has or something. Me, I can’t even take care of myself properly. I have some bots at home, they’re a bit like having kids I guess but they’re dead useless. Dummy can’t even make a proper smoothie.”
The girl set her picture in Tony’s lap and looked up at him with her peculiar purple eyes.
“Is this for me?” asked Tony, confused as he looked at the crude drawing of a robot and what could have been a blanket but was probably a larger robot, and a very large duck.
The girl just blinked up at him.
“Well, um, thanks,” said Tony. “It’s very nice. Steve draws. He’s really good at it. Like, brilliant, I keep telling him he could be an artist if this super hero thing ever fall through. Not that this picture isn’t nice as well. It’s good. See? This is why I shouldn’t be a father, I don’t know how to talk to children.”
The girl turned her head to the side in a questioning manner that looked funny on someone so small, then reached over, picked up an old broken robot toy and put it in Tony’s lap as well. Then she looked up at him expectantly.
“So, you like robots?” said Tony slowly, trying to piece together what the kid meant and finally understanding why Steve would want to skip this not talking phase and go right for the kids who can communicate properly. 
The child rolled her eyes at him and pointed to the robot and back to Tony.
“You want me to play with a broken robot?”
The girl shook her head.
“You want me to…fix your broken robot?”
Finally, a nod. The girl looked at him and waited patiently.
“Why not?” sighed Tony. “I’ve got nothing else to do and Steve’s bound to take forever getting to know the kids. Let’s have a look.”
The girl got up and ran out of the room only to return shortly with an armful of a tiny box that held old tools, wires, screws and other bits and ends she had collected.
“Not much to work with, kiddo,” said Tony gravely as the girl immediately handed him a screwdriver to take out the back side of the robot. “But you’re a smart kid. Thank you very much. Now, see this bit?”
They spent the next hour working on the robot, Tony telling the girl everything he was doing, showing her different parts and what they did, the girl in turn listening intensely and absorbing everything he told her. Sometimes she would point to things in question and he would tell her what it was, something he told her what to do and let her fix a bit. By the time Steve came over, the two were lost in their own world of mechanics, Tony talking and helping her hold the much too large screw driver in her tiny hand while together they screwed the back on to the robot.
“Well kid, I think that about does it, don’t you?” said Tony with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Adoption
Stony - Freeform
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Domestic Avengers
Fluff and Angst
Nightmares
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Protective Steve
Protective Tony
Protective Avengers
Deaf Clint Barton
Everyone Needs A Hug
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
Bucky needs a hug
Phil Coulson is Super Nanny
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Kidnapping
Tony Being Tony
Steve Has Issues
Tags Are Fun
Sign Language
Awesome Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

