Chapter 1: FEMALE ANATOMY VER
    




Chapter Text
Author: D.N.
15. "Imagine Matt losing his self-control and fucking you in his office"
Rating: 17+ Warning(s): Explicit language, Explicit sexual content; rough sex, hair pulling, dirty talk, semi dub-con, semi-public place (Nelson & Murdock Office)---Matt can't seem to get his mind off you.It's like you've invaded his brain, because when you're around he can't think about anything but you. And it's strange, Matt thinks, just how much he wants you. He's never really wanted anyone this badly, but every time he finds himself alone with you somewhere in the vicinity, it's like he's thisclose to giving into his primal urges and fucking you against the wall.You've been friends for years, and he has always had some sort of crush on you, but you, however, never seem all that into him. At least, until now.The flirting is obvious and constant; your hands always somehow find themselves running across his shoulders or "accidentally" grazing his thigh, not that he's complaining.And, like always, he can hear you through the walls. Usually you're shuffling around trying to keep yourself occupied or lying bored on the lounge couch, playing with your phone. But today... Today is different.Your heartbeat is strangely fast, quick and as unfaltering as the minute rustle of clothes Matt can also hear in a rushed, but constant rhythm. Your breath is a series of stuttered curses and quiet gasps and Matt can definitely smell the familiar salty tinge of perspiration and a sweet, spicy aroma he knew wasn't your perfume... You smell like sex.Matt shifts in his desk chair, caught between the morality of giving you space and privacy and the immorality of wanting to listen closer. The sounds are difficult to drown out--he can't help but pay attention and it feels like his buddy downstairs can't help it either. This is so wrong. Matt concludes, I really need to get out of here... It's too much. The thoughts that swirl through his brain are almost enough to push him to walk right into that room and take you until you're sore and--no. He needs to stop. Carefully, Matt stands from his seat, awkwardly adjusting his now very distracting semi before walking towards the door, his mind still racing with how hot you probably look trying desperately to get off before he notices or someone walks in, and just as he thinks this, Matt swears he hears you call his name.Pausing, Matt listens harder, his own breath stalled, caught somewhere in his throat. Did you just..-- "Matt, oh god, Matt..." You whimper.And just like that, any resolve that Matt thought he had withers to dust.He just can't take it anymore.Matt stalks into the room you occupy, ignoring the half-hearted, embarrassed explanation you try to give in the wake of your exposure. But, it's too late; Matt is already half-hard and far too gone when he descends upon you, his arms caging you against the couch and his mouth pressing harshly on your own. Initially you're surprised, but as the kiss continues, you respond in kind, wrapping your legs around his hips and grinding, causing Matt to pull away, a strained groan parting his lips. "You don't know what you're doing to me..." he nips your shoulder as he tugs your clothes off, piece by piece, until you're only in your underwear. His hands explore the expanse of your body and he groans, "God, I wish I could see you."With a whimper, you grind harder against Matt, your own hands deftly unbuttoning his shirt before moving to his pants. You can feel how hard he is straining against the confines of his slacks. When you pull at his zipper, Matt steps away to further undress himself, giving you a moment to do the same.When you're both bare, you take the time to admire Matt's body. He has well defined muscles, of which you would have found surprising for a lawyer if you had not been aware of his "second job". What does strike you, however, is his thickness. When Matt approaches again, he lays you on the couch and pecks your lips before moving down to lavish your neck. One of his hands palms your breast as he licks and bites at the sensitive area just beneath your ear. You moan, hands gripping tightly at his shoulder as cascades of heat roil through your body.His fingers work with precise, deft tweaks until your breasts are sore and stiff. Enjoying the way you shiver against his hand, Matt rolls and pinches your peaks, sending bolts of fire straight to your core.You're panting by the time he lets up, his mouth having marked your shuddering body with a multitude hickeys. "Matt..." you whine, pushing yourself up against him to try and alleviate your aching clit. Matt 'tsks', but decides to allow you a bit of pleasure and runs his hand from your breast all the way down to your core, his fingers lightly running along your slick folds. God, you're so wet. Gently, so gently, Matt slips one finger inside, then two, gauging your reactions through the hitches in your breath. With each twist and push, a hot knot fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Reader

freeform: 
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Dirty Talk
Hair Pulling
Smut
Reader-Insert
male reader - Freeform
Female Reader

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Reader

