Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

       Harry Potter and Tony Stark

 
It was a gleaming bar of modern lights and hard angled surfaces and so far away from being Harry’s imprinted standard of a bar—the dim lights, mellowed wood, and robed inhabitants of the Leaky Cauldron and Hogsmeade—that it was a different species, a different universe, altogether.
It was fun though. Even more fun was seeing Ron’s delight at the Muggle bastion of excess that was a high end bar in New York.
“Harry!   The Muggles have Illuminiris spells! How is that bloody possible?”
Harry merely grinned as Hermione rolled her eyes.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake, Ronald, it’s not magic it’s just a fancy form of electricity.”
“But, ‘Mione, there’s no way Muggle science could have created something as amazing as these lights,” Ron argued, eyes wide at the high tech laser show currently painting the white walls into a vivid visual hallucinogenic.
“Oh, so you don’t think us ‘Muggles’ can do anything fancy without magic? Is that it?” Hermione’s tone was teasing, accompanied by the gleam of mischief in her eyes. Love, and okay, yeah, the end of the war, had definitely mellowed Hermione out over the past few months.
Harry could certainly relate. With the defeat of Voldemort and the Death Eaters everything felt…lighter. And in the aftermath of exhaustion and horrible memories, Ron’s suggestion of a vacation in the Americas had sounded just right.
Just perfectly right.
It was hard to be exhausted and depressed when you were with your best mates in the Big Apple, even still dealing with the guilt that you were alive when so many others were gone.
“Come on, Ronald. Dance with me.” Hermione was up and tugging on Ron’s hand as Ron looked at her in alarm.
“Aw, c’mon, ‘Mione,” you know I’m not good at…”
“My love, I promise I’ll make it worth your while,” a wicked smile accompanied this declaration.
Ron returned the grin as he let Hermione succeed in tugging him up. “Well, if you promise you’ll do that thing tonight with your…”
Harry winced and raised a hand in a slashing motion. “Gah, stop! I don’t need to hear that kind of talk from my best mates.”
Hermione smirked. “Please, Harry, I think you can handle some grown up flirting. In fact,” she nodded her head towards the far side of the club. “I think you have a potential flirt of your own.” With an encouraging waggle of her eyebrows that would have been more suited coming from the twins, she tugged Ron out to the nearby dance floor, disappearing with him into the shifting mass of gyrating bodies.
Harry glanced over to where Hermione had indicated, where his gaze had admittedly been drawn frequently for the past half hour, to the man holding court across the bar. Older, sophisticated looking, and, yeah, pretty damn sexy. Heat pooled low in Harry’s stomach when the man, as if feeling the weight of Harry’s stare, looked across the room in Harry’s direction. Harry fought down the sudden flush that heated his face because he wasn’t sixteen years old anymore, he’d survived a horrific war even and, okay yeah, he was perhaps still a bit of a social prat but just, no.
Just because a really, really attractive guy was looking his way was no reason to lose his cool.
The dark haired man with the goatee and the stride that spoke of confidence had certainly made a splashy entrance, arriving with what could only be described as an entourage of other pretty people. He must be someone well known considering the excited buzz that had filled the club at his appearance but Harry didn’t recognize him. He was handsome, hair messy in a deliberately fashionable way, sharply dressed and with a presence that seemed to own the space he inhabited. Harry was pretty sure that here was a bloke who had never agonized for weeks about asking someone to prom. The thought led directly to Cho, cold and dead in a grave for months now, beautiful eyes forever dulled and—stop it Harry, let your ghosts rest in peace.
Harry took a deep breath and forced his thoughts back to the really attractive man. Who’d probably never had an insecure thought in his secure life.
And probably, Hermione’s sly comment aside, it was purely Harry’s imagination that this American, surrounded by the stylish and the beautiful, was somehow interested in him. Harry looked down into his half-finished drink, took a swallow and looked up again his gaze colliding squarely with dark eyes, sharp as a laser and unquestionably focused directly on Harry. The man smiled.
Right. So not his imagination actually.
Don’t blush. Don’t blush.




Notes:

So it's been awhile since I've written anything and I've been spending quite a bit of time over the past few weeks just drowning myself in awesome fanfic and it sparked the desire to write again.  The idea to do four bar hook ups the universe really needs had been kicking around in my head so I decided to just jump in.  Of course, I then proceeded to write over a thousand words f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Crossover

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

