Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark grew up with frustrating people all around him.  Every which way he looked there would be yet another frustrating person staring at him, trying to give him orders. There were so many of them in fact that he started to believe that the world was made up of only frustrating people; he started to doubt that there could be any other kind of personality in the world at all.
At the tender age of five, Tony realized that his father had little to no interest in him; it was a strange thing for a child to learn and it certainly gave Tony plenty of reasons to remain childish well past the age where childishness was acceptable in an individual.  He locked away his childishness however when he realized that it really wouldn’t get him anywhere in life if he utilized it all the time.  He saved it instead for special occasions – when sarcasm just wouldn’t do.  Complaining and whining to his mother got him nowhere as she was usually too zoned out to hear him, fighting off the effects of alcohol and depression.  Talking to his father about his ideas and aspirations for life got him into boarding school.  He learned to channel the childishness, applying it to other more interesting things, like science and engineering.  He liked those subjects; they didn’t yell at him or hit him and they were always around when he needed them.
Tony often wondered what it would be like for someone to just look and listen to him talk about his work without some kind of ulterior motive.  It seemed like something out of a story book fairy tale to him that someone could just listen.  As he aged, growing taller and broader, he found that the best way to get people to pay attention to him was to irritate them to no end until they gave in and listened to his genius whether they liked it or not.  He lived to frustrate people who frustrated him by arguing with everything they said; some people didn’t like this particular brand of Tony Stark Logic (patent pending), and he found himself reluctantly doing damage control when he was an adult with a little of Pepper Potts’ prompting.
Tony came off to most people as arrogant, self-absorbed and egotistical – all three things were true and definitely parts of his personality, to an extent.  He could admit that easily; it was like putting on a mask for a ball.  He could hide behind those three parts of himself and in private he could be himself, an altogether different person.  He was certainly egotistical.  He was proud of his work and he was proud of himself because someone had to be; he didn’t let people tell him what he could or could not do because he was in charge of his life.  Tony’s father had told him that he had no worth as a child and he resented Howard deeply for it.  Howard was a drunk, and he didn’t think much of anyone.  As a child, Tony put up with the verbal abuse his father threw in his face and watched his father attempt to drink himself into an early grave while his mother simply wandered off to her charity events and ignored them both.  Tony’s revenge was to prove Howard wrong by using his mind, not his words; He created elaborate machines and devices, winning prizes and earning accolades that gave him worldwide status and recognition.  He took his expected place within Stark Industries and gave the world exciting new products.  He improved his father’s designs when he worked in Research and Development and then went on to build a life for himself outside his father’s shadow.  Howard could have cared less.
He won no respect from his father for his achievements and Tony learned to expect nothing from other people.  No one owed him anything and he didn’t particularly owe anyone else anything either.  Those who cooed at him and praised his work were tolerated, but he didn’t find them particularly interesting.  He would wine and dine them, filling the empty part of himself with the frivolity of social interaction and sex– his life seemed to be filled with copious amounts of sex, but really, there was only so many times that he could go out and do the same things with the same empty headed people before he got bored.
He grew to enjoy arguing with people and liked the challenge of creating complicated solutions for simple problems; he argued this way because it was all the more satisfying to win completely.  It was often better than sex.  Unfortunately, his love for arguing led him to fight with nearly everyone that didn’t follow his views.  Some of the arguments were playful.  He liked to argue with Pepper because she always beat him with logic he could understand.  Rhodey passive aggressively argued with him whenever Tony did something particularly annoying that he couldn’t defend against with logic.  Tony learned through trial, error and age how to argue with anything he didn’t like or accept.  He also learned that while he was excellent at arguing, he was absolutely horrible with apologizing – something that he had reluctantly learned when 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Animal Transformation
Life Lessons
Internalized Homophobia
Homophobia
First Time
Depression
Angst
Dark Humor
Homophobic! Steve
What if Steve was homophobic?
What if Scenario
Unhealthy Relationships
Developing Relationship
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

