Work Text:
“Hey.” Steve blinks twice, surprised, his hand still on the knob. “Hey, Nat.” She leans against the doorframe, a slight tiny furrow in her brow. “You look tense.” “No, I’m fine,” Steve lies, and then says, “Well, no, you’re right. It’s been – it’s been a long day.” She doesn’t ask why, and it’s because she knows: Stark, Bucky, the whole insane mess of their lives. Instead she brushes past him and walks into his apartment. Steve feel weirdly naked. The place is still kind of bare-bones, and he’s never had anyone in here before. “Is anything wrong?” She’s looking at his bookshelf, piled haphazardly full. “No,” Natasha shrugs. “I was around.” “Miss me?” “Yeah, actually.” Steve’s chest gets an inflating, happy feeling. “Oh,” he says, dumbly. “Me too. You want some coffee?” “How about liquor?” “It’s noon.” “No-o, don’t pull the Captain America face on me,” she says, grinning. “I know you. Come on.” “Yeah, what the hell. Fire up something trashy on Netflix.” Steve can’t get drunk unless he really pounds it and Nat doesn’t like being past tipsy, so they end up slouched on the couch near each other just a tiny bit loosened up, Nat’s cold feet under his thighs, watching a funny, sometimes baffling movie about a girl who’s made a really neat list of the different kinds of screwing she wants to get done before going off to college. There’s a whole scene about how important lubrication is and Steve keeps snorting. “Oh my God, it is not that funny,” Nat says, laughing too. “It really, really is, Christ,” Steve chuckles. “You wouldn’t believe the shit people used to use where I’m from.” Natasha’s ready for the gossip. “Like what?” “Well, Vaseline was par for the course; there was olive oil, Crisco –” “You’re lying.” “I’m not. I’m not!” But Nat’s kicking at him, and Steve is batting her away. “So are you sure that wasn’t your first kiss since 1945? That sounds like pretty outdated knowledge.” “Yes, I’m sure.” Nat’s a little surprised. “Really?” Steve shrugs. “Yeah, really. I dated this waitress from Manhattan for…a night.” Nat’s wiggling her toes under his thighs, not even noticing. “What happened?” “Didn’t work out. I, ah –” What the hell? This is Nat. “I got nervous, I blew it. Panicked. I wasn’t ready for it.” “And you kissed her?” “Yeah, and I kissed her.” “With tongue?” “Nat!” She’s laughing. Her nose wrinkles when she does; Steve likes it. “Okay, fine. So then that begs the question…” “What?” “If you kissed her, and then you blew it, you don’t know anything about modern lube, do you?” Steve flushes bright red; he feels it on his neck. “Oh my God.” “You don’t!” “I – I might, okay, I keep a – why are we talking about this again?” “Okay, good, you keep a sex toy stash, that’s all I was digging for.” “Jesus,” Steve huffs, laughing. He pokes her ankle. “You’re insane.” “Haven’t heard that one before,” Nat says. She goes quiet after a second, and then asks, carefully, “Is that why you didn’t want to go on dates with any of those girls from work? Not ready?” “Yeah, not ready,” Steve agrees. “Is it because you’ve never been with someone before?” Steve huffs a laugh. “You can ask me if I’m a virgin, Nat.” She grins. “Are you a virgin?” “No.” “But I thought you’ve never been with a woman.” “Yeah,” Steve says, his heart suddenly pounding. This is Nat. He’s never said this out loud before, but this is Nat. “With a woman.” Her toes are still wiggling under his thighs. She takes it in stride – not a twitch on her face, doesn’t even look surprised. “Do you want to be?” “Yeah,” Steve says, after a moment of thinking about it. Girls are so pretty. Guys are so handsome. Even people who aren’t girls or guys can be gorgeous too, as he’s learned. “Yeah, eventually.” “Eventually,” she echoes, teasing. “How about now?” “What?” “How about now,” Nat repeats, slowly, a smile tugging at her mouth. “This movie is boring.” “This movie is hilarious.” “Just a suggestion,” she shrugs, still smiling at him, open. He feels so lucky when she smiles at him that way; he’s never seen that look on her face for anyone else except Barton, and sometimes Sam. Being loved by Natasha Romanoff is a special thing. “I don’t think you’ve ever made out on a couch during a movie before; it’s so twelfth grade. Or so I’m told.” Steve thinks about this for a second, his hand still on her ankle. “Is that a thing that…” it sounds like such a stupid question, but he asks anyway. “Is that how it works now? You do that with your friends?” “Some people do, and some people don’t,” Natasha says. She’s giving thought to her answers, and Steve appreciates this. She won’t make fun of him for not knowing. “Sometimes you sleep with people without knowing their names, and sometimes you fuck your friends because you’re bored and it’s fun, and then you go right on back to being friends right after.” He must be making a face – confused, thinking about it, he doesn’t know – because it just seems so strange, how impersonal it is. Not that people didn’t fuck around before, he kn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
natasha and steve have platonic sex
they are best friends

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

