Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony hadn’t expected to see Steve that morning; he hadn’t really expected to see Steve that week, if he was being honest with himself. While it was true that the Avengers lived in Stark Tower – Avengers Tower, as the newspapers had started calling it – the close proximity didn’t mean much when it came to sharing each other’s company.
Iron Man and Captain America were friendly enough, yes, but Tony and Steve didn’t see each other much outside of Avengers missions or the occasional late night gym visit, and while Tony knew Steve Rogers in private, he didn’t exactly know him all that well. Tony was ok with that, for the most part, even though it did hurt to see Steve palling around with Natasha, Thor, Clint and Bruce like the five of them had grown up together. It was a tolerable sort of hurt – manageable, even; he knew that the others weren’t doing it on purpose, or out of some cruel need to torment him – or at least, he assumed that wasn’t their intention. It was hard to tell with people. He’d had a lot of so-called friends screw him over in the past, and while Rhodey and Pepper were his rocks, his best friends, he wasn’t always so sure about other people.
Steve was just keeping his distance after everything that had happened on the Hellicarrier, that was all; they had both said some things they shouldn’t have, and they both hadn’t really apologized for it yet. Still – it made Tony’s chest ache when he saw that part of Steve, that goofy, smiling, sweet Steve that seemed to be best friends with damn near everyone else in the Tower. He had promised himself and Pepper (mainly Pepper, and a little bit of Rhodey too) that he would do his best to be friends with his teammates, and he meant to do it no matter the cost – that was why he hadn’t just shut the car door and told Happy to drive off when he saw Steve coming towards him.
Steve’s hand was heavy on Tony’s shoulder. His face was sweaty and smeared with soot and there was a faint spatter of blood on the side of his nose. He looked ready to collapse. His too-tight white shirt was torn across the chest, giving the whole world a lovely view of his pink nipples. Tony had too bite his tongue to keep from mentioning the view. Sometimes life wasn’t fair; men as sexy as Steve shouldn’t be allowed to walk around looking like gods after they had had the ever-loving crap beaten out of them.
“Tony?” Steve wheezed.
“Jesus,” Tony said, giving his head a shake. He collected himself as he stepped away from the car door, burying away the amusement and wave of lust that had nearly bowled him over. Now was not the time – he had a schedule to stick to, and they couldn’t dawdle even if he wanted to. He and Pepper had a Board meeting waiting for them, and while he knew he was likely going to be late now that they had stopped, he knew he couldn’t brush Steve off and make a joke. There, hanging from one of Steve’s massive, beautiful, hands was a flowery purple cat carrier, the kind Tony normally saw in in the hands of elderly people and small children. Clearly something had happened; he had teased Steve a few times about rescuing kittens from trees, and all, but he hadn’t expected it to actually happen.
“What’s going on Cap?” Tony asked.
“I got into a fight,” Steve said, as if that explained everything. He held the cat carrier out, scratching at the back of his neck with his free hand. “I’m really sorry to do this – I know I’m butting in and I’m probably making you late for wherever it is your headed, but I need a really big favor.”
Tony cocked a manicured eyebrow. “What kind of a favor?” he drawled. He was tempted to leer, but he had a feeling that Pepper would know what he had done without ever having seen him, and he enjoyed not having an egg-sized lump on the back of his head.
“Can you take Bucky to get looked over by a doctor? I’d do it myself, but I’ve got to head out or I’m going to miss the shot I have at tracking down the bastards who hurt him,” Steve said.
Tony nodded quickly. He took the cat carrier and yelped, nearly dropping it. “Holy hell, Rogers! What the fuck breed of cat is this thing? It feels like you stuffed a bag of flour in here!” he grumbled. He peered through the metal bars at the mouth of the cat carrier. The cat hissed at him and pushed itself further into the back wall of the carrier, burying itself under a blood stained towel. The poor little guy looked like he had taken quite a beating – one that was decidedly worse than Steve’s. The sight alone made Tony want to run after the cat’s attacker too.
“Yeah, he’s a little heavy,” Steve said, smiling softly. “Thanks, Tony.” He squeezed Tony’s shoulder. “I’ll pay you back for whatever he needs.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Tony said, waving a hand at Steve. “I’ll take care of everything. Is there anything I should know?”
“I think his leg’s broken, and he’s going to need more than a few stitches,” Steve said with a sigh.
“Yikes,” Tony whistled. “Someone’s going to be a cranky boy when he’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
pre-SteveBuckyTony

freeform: 
Angst
Animal Transformation
past animal death
Cats
Anxiety
Angst and Humor
Slow Build
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Mention of torture
Cuddles
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hydra
The Winter Soldier - Freeform
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Tony has Extremis
Extremis
accidentally forgetting to pill an animal
threat of sexual assault
Violence
Animal Abuse
Forced Nudity
Threats of Violence
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Kidnapping
Psychological Torture
Past Torture
Non-Consensual Touching
Touch-Starved
Blood
comics Extremis not IM3 Extremis
Past Child Abuse
pre-SteveBuckyTony - Freeform
Spiderman cameo

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
pre-SteveBuckyTony

