Work Text:
The moment Odin banished his first born, Loki pledged vengeance upon his father's House. He stood beside Heimdall, watching his beloved beneath the ever vigilant eyes of the Gatekeeper himself, and plotted against the man who raised him and the mother who loved him. The All-Father should have known; if forced to choose between Asgard and his brother, the choice would be the easiest decision the Trickster could ever make. 	Especially after Loki learned the circumstances of his birth, the truth of his heritage, and by extension, the dishonesty of his parents.	It had been easy smuggling the Frost Giants into Asgard, just in time for Thor's coronation. Heimdall might see all, but there are still alleys and crevices the Gatekeeper's eyes do not reach. Loki has long walked the paths unknown, clad in a cloak of stars, and all it took was a little push in the right direction for the Frost Giants to enter the House of Odin and meet their fate at the hands of the Destroyer. That had not been a slight against Thor himself, but a warning to the All-Father and his legions: you are not safe, even in your own home. 	Loki did not expect Thor to storm Jotunheim and the Frost Giant stronghold, challenging Laufey on Jotun soil, but his brother had always been brash and wrathful. Thor was nothing more than a petulant child with an attitude of entitlement stemming from his privileged birth. And watching him decimate Laufey's palace guards with the mighty hammer? Loki would have lied if he said his skin didn't thrum and heat up at the sight, as if it would eventually vibrate right off his bones. He had to swallow down his words, and he set aside the looks and laughter Thor triumphantly sent his way, hiding them in the special place nothing, not even the ice flowing through his veins and the blackness lurking ever closer to the boundaries of his heart, could reach. 	If there was one thing in the world and the rest of the Nine Realms that Loki truly, without a doubt, loved, it would be Thor. For all his faults, Thor is a good man. Underneath the selfishness and the penchant for carelessness with those he held most dear, Thor is nothing but sunshine. He's golden and bright, the kind of light that shines no matter how thick and impenetrable the dark. His washed-out blue eyes cause Loki's heart to crash to a halt, his lips pulled in a smile make his knees go weak, and Loki longs for the large, strong, capable hands to touch him. Every atom, molecule within him strains for Thor, just a glimmer of his smile or a haze of blond hair. 	Honestly, Loki's obsession with his brother started at an early age. Loki plainly remembers watching Thor, Sif, and the Warriors Three training with the two palace arms masters in the fields in the fourth ring of the palace grounds. Thor could not have been more than a child, hardly a man with the ungainly balance and too long limbs of a youth. And yet, he moved with his sword as fluidly as water over the stones in the brooks. Nothing hindered his actions, and he sliced the air like he was born to do just that. Loki would sit on the sidelines, destined for something else, something more covert, sinister, but it didn't stop him from staring longingly. It got to the point where Loki would purposefully miss his lessons, evading his teachers until they realized it was pointless to hold him down. He made up the studies in the evenings, on his own, but those few hours when the sun was at its highest peaks, and Thor's sword echoed against Volstagg's shield...this was Loki's favorite part of the day.	Thor never said anything about Loki's daily visits until much later, but he knew his brother watched him. Everyone did. It's hard not to notice the tiny sliver of shadow sliding out from behind the warrior's dormitories, taking the same place beneath the fence day after day. After awhile, Thor urged him to come out, join them, don't be afraid, but Loki never touched a sword. He was always the studious one. Steel didn't call to him like it did to his brother, and Thor was fine with that. Secretly, though his words spoke differently, Thor didn't want to see Loki take him up on his goading. A sword didn't belong in Loki's hands. His hands were far more attuned to the art of magic and the science of illusion. 	But Loki continued to watch Thor.	And Thor fought on, ever knowing his brother's eyes never left his back.
The first time Thor kisses Loki, it's a cold morning in the dead of winter and Loki is sixteen, Thor one and twenty. The sea has slowed to a sluggish crawl, never fully freezing because it would take an attack from Frost Giants to ever cause that great body of water to stop its crashing, and the trees are bare. The entirety of Asgard's population slows down, too. No longer do the errand boys sprint through the columns of the palace. No longer do the farmers slave away in the fields, or herd their sheep along the hills. Everyone cowers near their fires, blow on their hands, and try to imagine a day when
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Angst
Fluff
Crack
Humor
Marriage/Consort

fandom: 
Thor/Loki

