Work Text:
Franklin Philip Nelson is born with a bright smile and the word Devil burned over his heart. His parents are worried, naturally. They consult with several specialists, who all assure them that Franklin is a happy, healthy baby boy. They consult with several spiritual advisors, who also assure him that Franklin is a happy, healthy baby boy. They check birth records to see if some young couple has chosen an avant-garde name for their baby, but find nothing. They consider the fact that their son might become a Satanist. Finally, Mr. And Mrs. Nelson decide that their son is a happy, healthy baby boy, and that they will love him no matter what. Even if he does become a Satanist. Franklin Philip Nelson does not become a Satanist. In fact, he has very little interest in religion at all. His parents take him to church every week until he is six, just in case he needs some mental reinforcement that God is good, God is great. Franklin hums under his breath and kicks the pews and pays very little attention to the droning voice of the pastor. One day Mr. And Mrs. Nelson are called into the principal’s office at Sunnyside School and told that their son punched Jamie Sampson. Franklin explains earnestly that Jamie was bullying Julia, and that he doesn’t like bullies and he’s going to be a professional bully-puncher when he grows up so that girls like Julia won’t cry anymore. Mr. and Mrs. Nelson decide that the Devil would be lucky to have someone like Franklin as a soulmate, even if they very much hope He doesn’t exist. Franklin—who at age seven decides that “Foggy” is a much cooler name because he doesn’t get sunburn on foggy days, and that makes them awesome—goes on to become a very normal, agnostic boy. He is a little smarter than his classmates and a little louder, but everyone agrees that he is, over all, a friendly and precocious boy who punches bullies. Foggy does not worry as much as his parents do about his Mark. After all, he is one hundred percent (ish) certain that the Devil, proper noun, does not exist. This means that his soulmate must just be someone who has a weird, kind of cool name. Or maybe they’re really religious or something, which isn’t really Foggy’s thing but as long as they’re not a zealot nutjob, it shouldn’t be a problem. Or maybe they’ve got a devilish goatee or something, or they’re a star player for the New Jersey Devils. There are lots of options, and Foggy figures he’ll just sort of roll with it. After all, the ‘Devil’ is Foggy’s soulmate. They’re meant to be together. Foggy will figure out the details when he gets there. Foggy meets Matt Murdock on the first day of law school. His first thought is ‘hot’. His second thought is ‘blind’. His third thought is ‘wow, hot’.  And the thing is, Matt’s not just super-hot. He’s also funny and dorky and disarmingly shy sometimes, and he laughs at Foggy’s dumb jokes and gets crinkles around his eyes when he smiles really wide, and they split the blueberry muffins they get from the cafeteria because Matt only likes the bottoms and Foggy only likes the tops.  Together, they make a whole, unified muffin. That’s got to be fate. Matt shows no devilish tendencies in their three years as roommates. In fact, much to Foggy’s consternation, the guy’s a saint. He talks earnestly to Foggy about the wonders of justice and fighting for what’s right, and he brings Foggy food when he forgets to eat, and he does their laundry when it’s his turn and uses the expensive detergent that he buys himself (Foggy later realizes that Matt uses the detergent because it is unscented and doesn’t make his nose itch, after which Foggy also buys the expensive detergent and weeps silently over the sad state of his wallet). The only vaguely devilish tendency Matt presents is that he punches bullies, and obviously Foggy’s pretty on board with that. In addition to the whole saint thing, there are three major problems standing in the way of Foggy’s plan to seduce Matt to the dark side and ride off into the sunset with him. One: Matt is extremely Catholic. Actually, this presents several smaller problems in and of itself, mostly consisting of: One-A: Catholics tend to be not so much into the gay thing. Sure, Matt seems totally okay with it when Foggy tells him faux-casually that he likes dicks as well as chicks, but there’s a big difference between being cool about the gayness in others and embracing the gayness in yourself. One-B: Catholics tend to be not so much into the Devil thing. That one seems pretty nonnegotiable. Two: Matt shows no innate gayness within himself to embrace, even if he wanted to. Matt has game for a dork, and even though he’s blind he always seems to find the pretty girls. Pretty girls, never pretty boys. Foggy floats several comments about the massive hotness of young Harrison Ford and other celebrities old enough for Matt to remember seeing, but Matt just hums absently and asks Foggy to test him on the precursors to the Miranda Rights. And honestly, if 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff
Angst
Mutual Pining
Dorks in Love
Secret Identities Are Not Conducive To Romance

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

