Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“The Captain wants you in his office,” Hill said, dropping down into her chair at the next desk over. “He said it was an order, not a request.”
 
Phil looked up from his computer and rubbed the back of his neck. “Did he say what it was about?” It was always better to be prepared when summoned to Fury's office. Even after more than a dozen years of working together and serving together in the Army before that, Nick kept him on his toes.
 Hill shrugged. “Pretty sure he's about to assign you a new partner. He was on the phone with Captain Rawlings over at the 40  th   in the Bronx. Sounded like there was another sub that,” she made little air quotes with her fingers, “just wasn't the right fit for those guys.” Phil sighed, “Let me guess, another sub didn't get on their knees fast enough for Garrett. I can't believe IA hasn't busted his ass yet.” Shit, Phil and John Garrett had gone through the academy together way back when, even been friends of a sort until Garrett started using his position as a dominant to coerce the submissive  detectives  he was partnered with on the job. None of the submissives would press charges or even speak a word against Garrett, but the man burned through them like wildfire. 
The Submissive Rights Act had been on the books for decades now, requiring, among other things, that each police squad partner a dominant and submissive together. All too often, submissives were either the witnesses or victims to crimes and the wrong dominant detective asking the wrong kind of questions or pushing too hard resulted in a complete shutdown of information or the submissives saying whatever they thought the dominant detective wanted to hear. Most submissives who had been victimized responded much better to one of their own. This was especially true in Phil's department, the Manhattan Special Victims Unit.
 
He pushed back from his desk and headed toward Fury's office. He'd been partner-less since Bruce transferred out a few months ago and had been rotating through some of the other subs in the department in the meantime when he was on calls. He'd known that dark eyed, gentle-souled Bruce wouldn't last long working sex crimes, but Phil had hoped he'd make it a year. Bruce was across the hall in white collar crimes now and thriving, so Phil couldn't begrudge the loss of another good partner.
 
He knocked on Fury's open door and stepped inside when the Captain waved him in. “You wanted to see me?”
 
Nick sat back in his office chair and steepled his hands together. “I've got another one for you, Cheese.”
 “Why do I feel like I need to sit down for this one?” Phil made himself comfortable in one of the overstuffed  seats  on either side of Nick's desk. 
“Look, I know I promised you no more difficult subs after that shit storm with Ward, but this guy is a special case.”
 
“Another one of Garrett's burnouts?” Phil asked. “Because the number he did on Pepper… fuck, Nick, the guy shouldn't have a badge. He should be in Rikers right now with those other sub-abusing scumbags.”
 
Nick shook his head and slid a file across his desk to Phil. “This guy had some run-ins with Garrett but didn't work directly with him. He was partnered with Sitwell.”
 
Phil considered that; Sitwell was a good guy and had a decent reputation. He flipped open the file and scanned through it, there was no picture but plenty of paper work. He read key points out loud, “Clint Barton, submissive, made detective relatively young, commendations for bravery scattered in with numerous disciplinary infractions. Let's see, Sitwell's notes say brilliant, wasted in his current position in narcotics, but trouble with authority, doesn't play well with others, mouthy, attitude problems, dynamic struggles. Suspended for,” Phil paused and looked up at Nick, “striking a superior officer. Doesn't say who though.”
 
Nick shrugged, “Yeah, I called Captain Rawlings but that fucker danced all around it. He's not a fan of Barton, but hell, you know he's old school, doesn't thinks subs should be on the job at all. Truth be told he probably thinks I should be riding people up and down in the elevator like my grandfather because my skin's the wrong color. Basically we take Barton on or he's gonna be farmed out to Staten Island. I wouldn't push him on you, but Sitwell's a good man and if he says Barton's brilliant and needs a second chance, I say we give it to him.”
 
He tapped his fingers on the desk and looked at Phil. “You need a sub partner, Barton's a sub in need of a good dom partner. You've saved the careers of difficult subs before. Hell, look what you did with Romanov, she's about to make Senior Detective and when she partnered with you she was two minutes away from being fired.”
 
Phil nodded, Natasha had been difficult but worth it. As a beautiful female sub, she'd spent the first few years of her career being underestimated, belittled, and systematically torn down by the doms she'd been partnered with. By the time she wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Alternate Universe - Law Enforcement
Cop AU
sex crime investigations
Workplace Relationship
Pining
UST
mentions of dub con
mentions of non con
sub!clint
dom!Phil
Bondage
Flirting
Fake Dating
kink discussion
dating site
mentions of hand feeding
bringing each other food
Rimming
face fucking
Blowjobs
Oral Sex
Dom/sub
Kink Negotiation
Spanking
Hand Feeding
Rope Bondage

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

