Chapter 1: one month's warning
    




Chapter Text
He is standing on the roof of the Tower when Tony Stark finds him. He is standing still with bare feet drinking in the silvery flatness of metal and the neon sounds of New York night in his ears. He turns when Stark steps out the door; he could’ve turned earlier, hearing the approach on the stairs, but he has learned that Steve’s teammates flinch when he reacts like the weapon and not the man. “Hey.” Stark ambles across the rooftop toward him. No suit, battered loose clothing, no visible threat, easy to dismiss. The man who goes by Bucky Barnes’ name knows better than to do so. Stark’s eyes hold too much pain and too much cleverness and too much need to make things right.  Stark holds out a bag. “Want a blueberry? And also maybe we could talk about why you and I are on the roof and your supersoldier hot water bottle’s downstairs in bed. He’s still asleep, I asked Jarvis, and that part makes sense, he got banged up pretty bad by the Hydra death goons yesterday, but what doesn’t make sense is the part where we’re awake and on the roof, so. Your turn.” He takes a blueberry. This is tactical. Most people, consciously or not, will relax a hairsbreadth among those with whom they’ve shared food.  Also, he can’t recall the taste of blueberries. Might as well try. “I like New York,” Stark says, crossing his arms. “I know why I like New York. Food. People. Life. Politicians to insult. The ability to leave and go back to Malibu, that’s a big part of why I like New York, what about you?” The berry bursts in ripe tart flavor over his tongue. He wonders whether this is what the color blue tastes like. Do colors have a flavor? It’s not impossible that they do. He wouldn’t know. “You like him,” Stark says, offering the bag again. In a conscious effort that is not a lie for being so, he offers up information, offers, “Yes,” in return. “Aha, it does talk, it doesn’t just eat my blueberries and stand around on my rooftop, and I’m pretty sure you’re not actually thinking what Steve’s going to think you’re thinking, but I don’t know what you’re thinking and I hate not knowing things.” “I like him.” “And you don’t want to hurt him.” “And I don’t know the…correct operating protocol.” “I literally cannot believe I am saying this—” Tony tosses a blueberry into his mouth. “—but people don’t come with operating protocols. Pepper’d be so proud. I’m maturing. Catch.” He calculates rapidly, determines appropriate force, traps the flying berry between two metal fingers with zero spillage of juice or crushed sides. “I do. Did.” “So you’re people. If you’re using that argument.” “I’m not—I didn’t mean—” Giving up: “Fuck you, Stark.” “Only people get to swear at me. Speaking of, did you know how much Captain America can swear? Because when he thinks we’re not being recorded and transmitted around the world, when he’s not being all public-image role-model hero, he knows some words that even I—” “I learned them from him. Twice.” He watches a streak of light flash down a city avenue. An ambulance, siren wailing through the night like a woeful banshee. “I wasn’t going to jump.” “I know you weren’t.” Tony flicks another berry at him. “One for me, one for you. He loves you, I know you understand me, and also, hey, his birthday’s in a month and we’re going to have a party, thought you’d want to know.” A party. The night’s abruptly colder. He’s aware that this is psychosomatic, aware that the spike-toothed bite of breeze against bare toes is not suddenly sharper because of the word. Nevertheless, against all rationality, it is. “Thought you’d want advance notice.” Tony proffers the whole bag this time. “Time to prepare, time to get used to lots of people making lots of noise and drinking lots of very expensive alcohol, time to get used to people period, whatever you need.” His eyes are dark and expressive, shadowed and kind. Tony Stark is being generous. The man who might sometimes on good days think he can be Bucky Barnes understands as much. Tony is being kind, and generous, and more aware of operating protocols than Steve Rogers, for all Steve’s openhearted fiercely loyal love, will ever be. Tony plainly knows that Steve is not prepared for a party, has no equipment and no comprehension of the requirements of such; Tony is ensuring, by imparting this information, that the man who loves Steve Rogers will go to any lengths to acquire the necessary items—whatever he needs—for a successful event. A party. In honor of Captain America’s birthday. Thunder mutters dourly in the humid middle distance: out at sea, not wanting any part of anyplace nearer. So. He has been informed. He will think nothing of the slight tremor in his right hand, his weaker hand. He will pretend that he does not want another blueberry. He will want to be in flawless shape, to be good for Steve, and he does want to be good for Steve, and that is real. He says “Thank you” because this is a thing that people say when someone else
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
HYDRA Trash Party
Birthday Party
Rape/Non-con Elements
Consent Issues
Identity Issues
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Caning
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Cock Rings
Explicit Sexual Content
unintentional self-harm
as in bucky asleep and not realizing it
Nightmares
Revelations
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bubble Bath
Self-Acceptance
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Other(s)

