Work Text:
An explosion rippled through the building and somewhere down the corridor the Hulk roared. Steve knew that this wasn't going to be a good combination. They had to act, and act quickly. The last thing they needed would be SHIELD involvement now that New York's police force had for the first time officially asked for the Avengers to handle this situation and they were acting on their own.“Widow?” he asked, pressing the comm in his ear. “Hawkeye?”“Civilians are out,” the voice of Natasha Romanoff informed him. “Clint is moving back up to make sure everyone is clear.”He didn't even have time for a sigh of relief, sprinting up the stairs towards the fight. They had been called in, because a group of armed men had stormed the Roxxon headquarters and had threatened to set off a bomb if their demands weren't met, but the moment they'd appeared on the scene things had started to go wrong. Apparently whoever was behind this had their sights on Banner and all of this had just been a set-up.Hulk had been acting strangely the moment he'd emerged back on the scene after engaging the first wave of their paramilitary adversaries.Steve had a bad feeling about this. He needed to find Hulk and make sure things wouldn’t get out of hand.“Where is Iron Man?” he shouted into the comm, while jumping into an open door, protecting himself against bullets with his shield. “We need him here. Where is he?”“On his way from the west coast,” Natasha stated calmly. “He checked in some minutes ago. He’s close-by.”“We need him right here,” Steve repeated. With Thor in Asgard it was obvious that they needed the backup of their armored Avenger more than usual. “Tell him to hurry. We need to make sure the Hulk isn’t in trouble.”Clint snorted and quipped: “You’re just afraid he won’t be in time to take over in case Hulk is trouble, Cap. We should think of setting up a roster. With how often Stark takes Iron Man away to California, maybe we should maintain two teams to cover the whole country. I’d not say no to leading a West Coast Avengers team.”“Sounds more fun than it would be, Clint. If aliens attack it doesn’t matter where they’ll hit. You won’t have time to care about your tan,” Natasha reminded him.“Spoilsport,” Clint chided. “You’re just sour because you don’t like wearing bikinis.”“Right back at you, Hawkeye.”Steve bit his lip, leaving his team to their banter for the moment, running down a corridor as fast as he could. He could hear the Hulk close-by now, but that wasn't his main concern, as another bomb set off, the explosion rocking the building and throwing him forward. He hit a wall, managed to pull himself into position and duck behind the shield just in time to block the glass and debris raining down on him.At this rate the building wasn't going to last long.“Cap?” Natasha called. “You need to get out of there.”“Not without Banner,” he said between his teeth.He could see him now. The Hulk was fighting off what looked like a whole army of guys in heavy body armor.“Take him out,” one of them shouted, pointing at Steve who was just now staggering to his feet, ready to attack if he had to. Something was still wrong with the Hulk, whose eyes settled on him as if he was seeing him for the first time, full of rage and something unpredictable and dangerous. Steve braced himself for an unpleasant fight ahead, ducking behind the protective metal as a heavy desk was flung his way.He fully expected to be thrown back by the impact, to take the hit head on and then crash into the wall, to hear splintering wood or screeching metal.Instead here was the sound of more breaking glass and a crash and a clank as the desk hit something, but there was no shock of impact. He immediately looked up over his shield to get a look at the situation when he heard the Hulk's enraged roar and saw nothing in front of him, but a red and gold metal back. Iron Man threw the remnants of the desk-turned-projectile to one side and looked at him over one shoulder.“Hello, Cap,” he said in his deep, modulated voice that always managed to carry some very natural un-machine-like humor, “Couldn't wait for me?”“Sorry.” He shrugged and smiled, calm in the face of the enemy now that the team was back at nearly full strength. “These paramilitary goons forced our hand. But you can join in any time you want. I left you some.”“Hn-hmm,” Iron Man hummed. Steve always wondered how close the voice he was hearing was to the actual voice of the man inside that armor, because he couldn't imagine Iron Man with any other voice. Surely the voice wouldn’t carry so many emotions if it was far away from a real voice. “I see that someone couldn't wait to start trouble,” said, pulling him from his thoughts.Hulk was watching both of them now intently, his eyes roaming over the armor. Steve again got the feeling like Hulk was studying them like he didn't recognize them at all. It made him uneasy. They'd come such a long way with Banner's green alter ego that being thrown back onto square o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Secret Identity
Protective Steve
Tony Has Issues
Slow Romance
Canon Divergence - Iron Man
Kidnapping
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge 2015
Misunderstandings
Tony Angst
Friendship/Love
Action/Adventure
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Comic Book Violence
Comic Book Science
Mutual Pining
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Pre-Slash
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Inspired by Fanart
Illustrated

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

