Chapter 1: Baby in a dumpster
    




Chapter Text
Matt Murdock had never doubted his senses before. But he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Soft whimpers intermingled with piercing cries and a faint, powdery smell were telling him there was a baby nearby. And the powdery smell was faint, to be sure. It was masked by an overwhelming scent of urine and garbage and Matt was not hearing and smelling a baby right now. He moved in the direction of the cries. The baby’s scent grew more distinct the closer he got. Matt bumped up against a dumpster and the baby’s cries echoed with the impact. Great. A baby in a dumpster. They had a lot in common already. He rooted gently around for the child until his hands met soft (if grimy) skin. Feet. Those were definitely the feet. He made his way up until he found the kid’s head and supported it while lifting it out of the dumpster. A bit of fumbling with the baby’s position against him revealed that the child was, in fact, a girl, and she had no clothes. Matt took off his jacket and wrapped the baby in it as best as he could manage, feeling around to be sure he hadn’t covered her face. An indignant cry as he poked her in the eye told him her face was, in fact, uncovered. At least he wasn’t going to smother the child. He held her close to his chest, muffling her cries against his t shirt until he reached the office. _______“Matthew.” Foggy heard the door open to the office, but stayed with his back to it to look out the window. “The sunset is beautiful tonight. Lots of red and pink and it’s times like these when I’m glad you’re blind because you have to listen to my artistic renditions of nighttime.” He spun around in the chair to face Matt. “Foggy,” Matt began, but Foggy cut him off. “I may have had quite a lot of cheap vodka just now, but I don’t think it makes people hallucinate. Does it make people hallucinate? Have you ever hallucinated? Can you even hallucinate?” He was rambling now, but the thought was interesting and distracting him from what could definitely not be a living child in Matt’s arms. “Kind of, but it’s complicated. Foggy, I found this--”“You found a baby?” Foggy refocused on what was in front of him, and on how awkwardly Matt was holding the baby. The baby was nearly sideways, and the poor thing had no room to breathe, pressed flush up against Matt’s chest. It probably wasn’t even a soft chest, either, it was probably a hard and well-muscled chest. But that was just speculation on Foggy’s part. Either way, he knew that of the two bodies in the room, his was the more comfortable for a baby to be held against. “She was in a dumpster,” Matt explained. “I heard her crying and she doesn’t have any clothes and I couldn’t leave her there, so I-” he shrugged. Foggy shook his head and leapt up from the chair. “Give her to me,” he ordered, forcing the slur out of his words. “Give her to me. You’re holding her all wrong.” Matt obliged, and Foggy put one hand underneath the baby’s legs and another on her head and held her to his chest, so she could see over his shoulder. “Did she just coo at you? I think she just cooed.” Matt sounded disgruntled. The baby cooed again. “What can I say, the babes love me.” Foggy instinctively started bouncing lightly up and down on the balls of his feet in an attempt to further calm the baby. For being found in a dumpster, she was surprisingly calm. She blew raspberries into Foggy’s ear at a steady pace until she tired of it and laid her tiny head on Foggy’s shoulder. He had a hard time not melting at that. “She just laid her head on my shoulder,” Foggy informed Matt. “I was wondering what that contented little sigh was for,” he answered. Still sounded disgruntled. He folded his arms, staring off into a direction that was just to the left of Foggy. Foggy noticed the level of grime on Matt’s glasses (presumably from the dumpster) and supported the baby with one arm to take the glasses off of his friend’s face. “You’re jealous because you don’t get to have a sleepy baby on your shoulder right now. It’s one of the best feelings there is.” He walked to the bathroom and set Matt’s glasses in the sink to wash them later. “You know I can’t actually see out of my glasses, right Foggy?” Matt called patiently from the other room. “Hate to see you grimy, buddy. Makes me think no one is feeding you at home.” Foggy came back into the main office, and a tiny snore tells him the baby girl has fallen asleep. “I can actually cook,” Matt pointed out. “Yeah, mac and cheese and the odd stir fry. Forgive me if I don’t think your habits are especially gourmet.” “Is the baby asleep?” “How can you tell?” Foggy should know these things by now, how Matt operates with his super-senses and all. But it still held interest, and besides, Matt’s voice got this smooth quality to it when he’s explaining things that Foggy liked. “Her heartbeat. It was going nuts when I first picked her up, probably because of the whole dumpster thing. But it’s steady now. Less….all
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Fluff
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Angst
Slow Build
First Time
Kid Fic
Babyfic
Baby Fic

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

