Work Text:
Title: One More Time
Pairing: Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Word Count: 2945
Rating: 18+
Warnings: post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier, established relationship, super-soldier stamina, multiple orgasms, anal sex, barebacking, bottom!Steve, felching, rimming, nipple play, endearments, fluff and smut
Spoilers: None
Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters or their universe.
Summary: Steve and Bucky enjoy the hell out of their super soldier stamina.
A/N: This was originally posted HERE in response to yamikurama's prompt: imagine Bucky wanting to see how many times he can both take Steve and make him come until they both cannot go anymore?“A-ah, Buck, what’re you tryna do to me?” Steve laughed, hips juddering and cock jerking, third orgasm smeared across his lower abdomen. His ass was wet: spit, lube, and two of Bucky’s climaxes. He’d swallowed the first, sucking Bucky down as Bucky knelt over him, Bucky jerking him off until they’d both gotten theirs. Then Bucky’d fucked him while he lay on his back, slow grind of Bucky’s hips getting him off, spunk ribboning his belly and chest, Bucky following a handful of thrusts after. Bucky let him steady his breathing for as long as it took Buck to slick his cock with more lube. Then he was getting fucked hard and deep, Bucky’s hipbones smacking into the backs of his thighs until Bucky filled him with more spunk. Thrusting shallowly, Bucky stroked his cock, firm and even, Steve shouting Bucky’s name as he spilled over his own stomach.Bucky grinned and pulled out, cock hard and glistening with slick. “Gettin’ tired, sweetheart?” he teased, stroking himself with his biohand and easily pushing two metal fingers into Steve’s stretched hole, working his come back inside Steve.“You wish,” grit Steve, fisting the sheets and circling his hips, Bucky skillfully finding his prostate. That stimulation kept his cock hard, balls nowhere near empty, drawn tight and close between his thighs. “God, Buck, keep doin’ that.” He sighed, sitting up on his elbows and watching Bucky between his legs. Bucky stroked his right thigh, leaning down and kissing his kneecap as Bucky parted his fingers, release trickling out around his digits, only for Bucky to collect it and push it back inside him.“Mm, maybe I should lick it outta you. Clean you up a little before I mess you up again, huh?” asked Bucky, already easing his fingers out and pushing Steve’s legs back toward his chest. Steve groaned and shifted, dropping flat and keeping his thighs apart.“If you can even come again, old man,” teased Steve, hissing and throwing his head back when Bucky held on to his ass and folded him in half. Come dripped down over his tailbone toward his lower back and Bucky caught it on his tongue, following the trail and then sealing his lips around his puffy hole. “Bucky, a-ah fuck!”Sucking, Bucky lapped his release from Steve’s ass, rolling his tongue in twisting circles, Steve’s asshole tightening and relaxing under the firm passes of his tongue. Steve’s breathing stuttered, fingertips digging into the backs of his own thighs.

“Holy shit, Bucky…” His legs shook, Bucky sliding his tongue as deep as he could. He dropped his hand around his cock, more than ready to come again when Bucky nudged his metal fingers in alongside his tongue. Crooking his fingers, Bucky pistoned his fingertips against that spot inside, constant, consistent rhythm pushing him ever closer. “Jesus, Buck, I’m gonna come. Oh god. God.”Bucky hummed and fluttered the tip of his tongue against Steve’s rim, fingering Steve’s prostate, Steve’s hips twitching where he held Steve with his right hand. He kept his gaze on Steve’s hand around his length, long fingers curled around Steve’s thick, flushed cock.“Fuck yes, Bucky, just like that, f-uck!” Steve squeezed his cock, rolling his fingers beneath the crown, grip firm and slick with preejaculate. Bucky focused on rubbing both of his fingertips against his prostate, more precome dripping onto his already messy belly.Bucky pulled back and kissed the join of Steve’s thigh and buttock, pressing another kiss there when Steve’s thigh tightened under his mouth. “Come on, doll, lemme see you come again. Gimme a fourth one, baby, that’s it.”Steve choked back a moan, fingers slipping on the underside of his calf. He quickened his fist along his cock, thumb sliding over the wet head. Bucky nipped the bottom curve of his ass and he swore, hips bucking, come arcing toward his chest, landing hot and thick across his flexing pecs.“God, Stevie, all over your fuckin’ tits, Christ,” whispered Bucky, teasing over Steve’s prostate one last time and then pulling his fingers free. He patted Steve’s thighs, hands trailing along the outsides of Steve’s legs down toward Steve’s ankles, carefully lowering them onto their bed. “Mmm, and you’re still hard, very good,” he said, smirking at Steve and planting his hands either side of Steve’s ribs, leaning over Steve and collecting the mess of Steve’s fourth orga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Established Relationship
Multiple Orgasms
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Bottom Steve
Felching
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Nipple Play
Endearments
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

