Chapter 1: Clint
    




Chapter Text
This time, he was the one who'd called Clint. He figured he'd return the favour, since Clint was kind enough to invite him over to hang out and teach him archery, so he could invite Clint to go out with him one night. “You want to go out parkouring? With me?” Clint asked. He sounded a bit shocked at the idea.“Yeah. You did want to, right?” Matt confirmed.“Of course. I just didn't think you'd ask.”“Well, I am. This is me, asking. Are you free tonight?”“Yeah,” Clint said, still sounding a bit shocked.“Okay. You know where the Red Cross building is in the Kitchen?”“Um, I think I can find it.”“Okay, meet me on the roof. Ten o'clock okay?”“Sure. Hey, should I wear my Avenging costume?”“I'm going to be wearing my costume, so yeah, you should probably wear yours. I don't think we'll be getting into any fights, but better to be safe.”“Got it,” Clint confirmed. “See you then.”   That night, while waiting for Clint, Matt crouched over his city, listening carefully. It was mostly quiet. It hadn't been as loud since he'd taken down Fisk, and many of the smaller gangs were reeling in his absence. He had no doubt that the criminal void would be filled, but for now, it was nice to not hear as much suffering each night. He heard the sound of someone coming up the ladder to the roof, and he hoped it was Clint. He listened carefully, and heard the hum of Clint's hearing aids. There was a scraping noise that was probably his bow hitting the side of the building. Unless there was another deaf man with a bow, this was the person Matt was waiting for. Matt moved over to the other side of the roof where Clint would arrive.He was huffing slightly as he emerged onto the roof, but otherwise seemed in good shape. Unhurt.“Clint,” Matt greeted.“Daredevil,” he replied. “Why you chose this roof, I have no clue, but does there really have to be so many steps?”Matt grinned at him. “Too much for an Avenger? And I chose this roof because it gives us good access to all the roofs around us. Easier to parkour down than up. Plus it's got a great view.”Clint groaned. “Hey, I'm on the same team as Cap. His endurance is terrifying. It's hard to be compared to that.” He paused, considering the surrounding city. “It is a great view,” he acquiesced.“You ready to go?”Clint nodded. “Oh, cause of the darkness, I might have a harder time reading your lips, so just keep that in mind if you're talking.”Matt nodded.He stepped to the edge of the roof. The next building over was only a few feet over, roof nearly level with this one.He grinned, and looked back to Clint. “Try to keep up,” he told him, before leaping across the gap and tucking into a roll. He spun across the next gap, rolling to absorb the impact, before getting to his feet and jogging the rest of the distance. He leaped across to the next roof, which was a couple feet lower. He paused to allow Clint to catch up to him. He was still two buildings over, breathing heavily.“What the fuck man, I don't know how you do this. How can you see anything when it's this dark?” Clint bellowed, following behind Matt with more caution. He closed the gap by leaping across another opening. He couldn't really tuck into a roll because of the bow on his back. Matt wondered if Clint had considered that before getting dressed.But he'd sort of forgotten that it was dark, and that Clint would require light to see. Well, this was as good a time as any to tell him.Matt grinned at him. “Who needs light to see? Light is overrated,” he told Clint as he crossed the last gap.Clint caught up and stared at him. “Dude, are you telling me you have like, super vision or something that doesn't require light? Do you cast your own light? Cause that's not fair if you're not sharing.”Matt laughed at him. “Who says I'm seeing at all?” he retorted.He waited as Clint mulled that over for a minute.“Wait...” Clint said slowly. “Are you telling me that you don't need to see to get around? Is that why you're so good at night? How did you manage that?”Matt tilted his head at him and waited a bit longer for things to click in his head.“Oh shit!” he exclaimed. “You're not... I mean, you can't be... Are you seriously trying to tell me that Daredevil is blind?”Matt nodded at him.Clint crossed his arms and glared at him. “No way.”“Yes actually,” Matt replied.“Dude, there can't be blind superheroes. That's impossible.”“You're a deaf superhero,” Matt pointed out. “And I told you before that I still don't really consider myself a superhero.”“Well you are,” Clint retorted. “But... how?”Matt shrugged. “Sight isn't the only way of doing things. You compensate without your hearing, I compensate without my sight.”“That is the coolest thing I've ever heard,” Clint said, gaping at him. “We need to start our own club.”“Okay?”“Okay, maybe not the best idea,” Clint admitted. “But it seemed good at the time.”“The time being ten seconds ago?”“Yeah.”There was a pause before Matt began snickering at him. Clint joined him for a f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Parkour
Friendship
bros being bros
Deaf Clint Barton
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
stark parties
Hurt/Comfort
Blind Character
Deaf Character

fandom: 
None
