Work Text:
Tony has a point system for the times he can get Steve to be less than perfect.
It started the moment they met. No, wait—before that. It started with Pepper.
They were on Tony's private jet—which hadn't left without him this time, thank you very much; he could be on time when it was something important—and Tony was busy waxing nostalgic about Captain America, because the man is the closest thing Tony's ever had to a hero. Besides himself.
Then Pepper smiled and said, "Sounds like you've got a crush."
And Tony's eyes snapped wide open, because of course he would—he's always had a thing for the sweet-and-stubborn ones, just look at Pepper—and of course he'd be the last to figure it out—again, look at Pepper. 
And, of course, he was never able to stop being himself long enough to hold on to the sweet ones. Yeah—back to Pepper.
And then they'd landed and Tony met a newly-defrosted historical icon, and he'd ruined the whole thing by being just that: himself. And Captain America was his perfect, star-spangled self—except even more so, how was that even possible?—and things had gotten worse.
Five minutes after they've met, and it's a shouting match. And sure, that's about 95% Tony's fault, because that's what he does, he pushes buttons to see what they do, what gears they grind. The whole "you're a lab experiment at best" thing was a low blow, but he's Tony Fucking Stark, and he will not be talked down to, not even by America's golden boy, no matter how blue those eyes are.
Tony's got his armor on, but it's not the shiny metal kind. He smirks, just a little, and keeps his eyes on Rogers. "Listen up, Rip Van Winkle, I'm gonna give you a bit of a pass because you've been a human popsicle for the last seventy years or so, and maybe you missed the memo: I don't play well with others."
Steve's lips curl into a sneer—a goddamn sneer, from Captain America—and he says, "Big man in a metal suit. Take that away and what are you?"
And Steve is looking at him with open disgust, like he wouldn't think twice about crushing Tony under his shiny red boot heel. It's a look Tony's been getting most of his life, it's familiar, but from Captain America it's different. It's the complete opposite of the way Steve had looked at Tony about two seconds after he'd walked into the room, like Tony could pluck down the sun and the moon and use them to fix all of Steve's problems. Tony's never been good with expectations, so the contempt hurts somewhere around an order of magnitude less. Tony puts on his most bullshit innocent expression and answers, "Uh—genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist?"
There's a flicker of disappointment in Steve's still-way-too-blue eyes, and yeah, that's even more familiar than the contempt. They're making progress. "I was wrong," Steve says, voice flat and hard. "You're nothing like Howard Stark."
There's a beat, a good fifteen seconds when the room goes completely, deafeningly silent. And then Tony just...leaves. He takes the stairs one at a time, no rush. He's not running away. After all, he got what he wanted: Steve has stopped looking at Tony like he's Howard, and Captain America has stopped being the impossibly perfect hero of Tony's childhood. Tony gets back on his jet, ignores Pepper's eyebrow, and awards himself a mental point for being able to find a chink in Captain America's armor. It's the first of many.
It only goes downhill from there. 
The current score is Tony: 14 and Captain America: 273. Approximately. It's sort of an arbitrary point system.
And that's before they start going on actual missions.
Their first mission out is complete and utter chaos. 
Hulk is acting like a very large, very green, very angry toddler throwing a very destructive tantrum. Captain America is trying to contain the destruction and fire spreading from the ongoing explosions—not Hulk's fault, at least not the ones due to well-placed bombs—while barking orders at everyone through the comm system. Barton is sort of half-assedly following Roger's orders, and Natasha's not even pretending to listen. She'll probably claim later that her earpiece malfunctioned—Tony designed the system, it doesn't malfunction—and she'll get away with it, because she's a sneaky, brown-nosing liar. Not to mention Steve is still falling for her "sweet innocent dame" act and hasn't realized she's probably plotted one hundred ways to kill him in his sleep. Tony is listening, but only so he can do the exact opposite of whatever Rogers says.
"Iron Man, see if you can clear out the crowd down at the intersection. We've got to get those fire trucks through."
But an insistent red blip pops up on Tony's HUD, and JARVIS is, as always, stating the obvious and reiterating the warning flashing in front of Tony's face, along with a countdown until the bomb detonates. Then Steve's voice cuts across JARVIS, saying, "Iron Man, did you hear me?"
"Aye aye, Cap," Tony says, and then heads off in the opposite direction. 
Tony pinpoints the target at yet an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

