Work Text:
“Who the fuck drank the last of the coffee without puttin’ on a new pot?” Bucky expects to hear a quick circle of ‘wasn’t me’ or perhaps the sound of protest from someone as they were pointed out. He wasn’t expecting to hear gasps followed by giggling. He raises his eyebrows towards Tony and Clint who both have their hands over their mouths and their gazes directed at Steve. Nat smirks and you can practically hear her eyes roll. “It’s not funny. It’s a dick move, that’s what it is.” Bucky begins to turn his attention back to the coffee machine to fill it up but more laughter – louder this time – has him banging the pot on the counter and marching across the kitchen to the table where half the Avengers are sat. “The fuck is your problem?”“Steve! He did it again!” giggles Clint and he’s really trying hard to suppress the shit-eating grin spreading across his face.“It’s alright, Buck, they’re laughing at me.” Steve doesn’t even look up from his newspaper as he speaks – he just brings his coffee mug up to his mouth and sips (the bastard probably didn’t refill the pot after he poured that). “Am I missing out on another fantastic inside Avenger joke?” Bucky can’t tell if he meant to say that bitterly or mockingly. Either way is fine, he supposes – he’s always missing out on stuff and no Avenger’s joke is all that good so both fits.“Rogers doesn’t like swearing” says Natasha as if that explains anything.“What the fuck are you talking about?”Tony really can’t keep from laughing as he points at Bucky and says “He used bad language! Tell him off, Steve” in the way a child would report something bad to a teacher. “Yeah, Barnes, mind your language” smirks Clint. He turns to Steve and waits for the disapproving scorn to be directed at Bucky which, of course, will never happen.“You’re trying to tell me that Steve ‘Don’t-Tell-Me-What-To-Do’ Rogers, is telling you guys off for cussing? The guy is worse than I am unless he’s in front of my mother.”“Well he told me off for saying a bad word once.”“And they aren’t letting me live it down” smiles Steve. He looks up at Bucky and God, he could just kiss that dopey grin right off his face. “Although everyone knows that Captain America doesn’t cuss. Stop shattering my perfect image of the all-American-hero” Tony all but pouts.Bucky rolls his eyes for what feels like the millionth time in fifteen minutes and finally commences getting himself some coffee. He can feel Steve walk behind him and Bucky gives him a side-glare as watches him place his used coffee mug in the sink. The dazzling smile and kiss on the shoulder Steve gives him before he leaves the room doesn’t have Bucky narrowing his eyes any less – he knows Steve’s the one who finished all the coffee. Bastard.––Three weeks later, they’re holed up in an old safe house in Poland after completing their most recent mission. It was nothing too tricky; just the takedown of what should be the last of the Hydra agents in that area. It took less than ninety minutes to complete since Nat lead the mission and her preferred tactic is “get in and get out without making a noise and we’ll be home in time for American Idol”. But she didn’t account for any turns in the weather so now they’re stuck in a tiny Polish house until morning and Nat is going to miss her shows. Bucky is laying on his back with his hands perched on his stomach, staring up at the ceiling when Steve comes in after using the bathroom. The house they’re sheltering in belongs to a contact of SHIELD – they have handfuls of them across Europe who at first notice will vacate and lend it to any agent that requires so. Bucky likes this one; it actually feels lived in compared to the last one which felt cold and unwelcoming like it’s only ever purpose was to be empty when needed. “You gonna shower?” says Steve as he sits on the edge of the bed, tugging on a clean t-shirt.“Nah, I’m good.”“You’re gross.” Steve reaches out and runs his hand through Bucky’s long, knotted hair and exaggerates a look of disgust. He places his hand on Bucky’s face and laughs “look how gross your hair is. My hand is filthy now.”“Shut up, I’m not that dirty.” Bucky can’t help but laugh while he slaps Steve’s hand away.They fall into a comfortable silence for a few minutes after Steve lays down along side Bucky. The weight of completing a mission, any mission, always has them both quiet but they always share in each other’s company as they silently become lost in thought.After a few minutes Bucky sighs before speaking. “It’s like they don’t even know you…”Steve’s eyebrows furrow in confusion and he turns his head towards Bucky. “Is there a first half of that conversation or are you just talkin’ to yourself?”“Sorry…” Bucky turns to lay on his side so he’s completely facing Steve – curled up in his personal space. “Twice today, Clint told me to watch my language ‘cause we can’t have you hearin’ any bad words.”“You’re still stuck on that?”“Yeah. It’s like they don’t even know you. Your language can
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rimming
Dirty Talk
Swearing
Exhibitionism
a little bit
sort of exhibitionism but not fully
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky Barnes
bottom!Steve
Top!Bucky
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn With Plot
it has a little bit of plot
Porn with Feelings
Sort Of
Teasing
the language thing in AOU annoyed me
i did something with it
steve swears a lot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

