Chapter 1: Rough Landing
    


Summary:

After falling from Asgard, Loki lands on Earth. In his pursuit of ruling his own realm, Loki finds a kindred soul in Tony Stark.





Chapter Text
Author’s Note: Loki/Tony in further chapters. This takes place during the Avengers movie and since it has not come out yet, I have taken some liberties with the comics and the trailer and created my own plot. So I guess you can say this story is porn with a plot. :)Disclaimer: I do not own the Fandom of Avengers or anything Marvel. I do not own the characters. I make no profit, money, etc. from it. I own nothing. :)~*~There was nothing but the darkness which surrounded him, giving him the illusion that he was floating into the deep recesses of space. He heard sounds coming from far away as he was gently being rocked. Distant fragments of staccato sounds seemed to be getting closer until they slowly turned into indiscernible voices. The gentle rocking lost its tenderness and turned into a more jarring movement. Slowly, he opened his eyes and felt himself shifting back into consciousness. The bright lights above him flickered quickly past, giving him the illusion that he was living within an oil painting, where all the shapes and colors blurred together as one.  “–losing a lot of blood!” His eyes snapped open as his ears caught the tail-end of a panicked shout. His vision was blurry at best. “Does anyone know what to do about his–” “We’ll figure it out! It’ll have to be trial and error!” He understood the words but not the urgency. He attempted to look around as his eyes began to focus and realized that he was lying on some sort of – gurney? He looked at what must be his body. However, the form looked more like an unprocessed package of meat rather than the body of a man. Tendons had been pushed to the surface as bone was clearly visible through shreds that were once skin. Smoke and sparks fizzled from his torso and wave of nausea overtake him. Two hours earlier . . .“Thank God that’s over,” Tony breathed out as he exited the elevator. All day had been nothing but meetings with some of the Earth’s finest assholes. Going home was always exciting to him, because no matter how many times he’d driven his precious white Audi, he could still not get enough of it. As soon as he sat in his convertible, he leaned back in the seat and he felt nothing but the cool leather against his skin and the vibration of the motor. No matter how bad a day Tony Stark had, he could always rely on his baby to make him feel better. Seeking a thrill, Tony opted to take a longer route home. He sought a highway with intense curves and enjoyed the breeze as he pushed his Audi to its maximum speed. “Nothing is better than this feeling,” Tony thought. “There is nothing that could possi –”Everything suddenly went into slow motion. From somewhere above, a man had landed on his Audi’s hood in a kneeling position, denting the hood with his right knee.  The man’s eyes shone a poisonous green and emotions – pain, anger, hatred – momentarily flickered across his face. The raven black hair contrasted sharply with the alabaster skin and his nails were like talons, aching to embed themselves into their next victim. If death had a face, this was it. Before Tony could even process what had happened to him, the man jumped up from the Audi’s hood. The force of the man’s landing had caused the back wheels of the Audi to lift up as the Audi continued to move forward. With a sickening feeling, Tony knew that the car would flip and that he was powerless to stop it. The car flipped a few times before the exit ramp broke the car’s momentum. ~*~The throbbing pain in his temples jarred him awake as he groaned, thinking that he was waking up from another hangover. A flash of panic ran through his veins as he quickly took in his surroundings before realizing that he was in a hospital. Green eyes quickly flashed before him and he remembered what had happened. Well, at least some of it. He saw a nurse standing by his bedside and briefly considered hitting on her as she readjusted his pillow. When she stood back, he took a glance at his body and saw that it was covered in bandages. He may look like a mummy, but there were definitely some appendages that were still alive. He laughed at his inner joke as the nurse gave him a concerned look before she turned to leave. He saw someone stop her outside his door and after a brief conversation; he was surprised to see Fury walk in. As usual the man was wearing his black leather clothes, complete with an eye patch over his left eye, alluding to what must be an interesting story. Honestly, Tony had never expected to see him, considering the fact that Fury had downright rejected him from the Avenger’s Initiative. Whatever. Tony didn’t want to be part of some country club anyway.“I heard you had quite a car crash,” Fury stated as he locked his hands behind his back and studied Tony. “I decided to see if I could fly.” Tony could still feel the si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Action/Adventure
Suspense
FrostIron - Freeform
Dubious consent to consensual sex
Graphic
Progression of Loki/Tony's relationship
Anything from blowjobs and handjobs to the real deal
Loki is a man not a fragile woman
Loki/Tony go to Jotunheim
Tony/Loki travel the world
Loki wears a collar
Collar
BAMF!Loki
Thor and Tony have a tug of war over Loki
Thor does not like to share Loki
Carinvale
Italy
Thor and midgets
Humor
Ivan Vanko - Freeform
Whiplash
Chernobyl
Pripyat
Ukraine - Freeform
Mental Asylum
Jotun sex

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

