Work Text:
Clint sat in his truck, stopped in the middle of the road, staring out over his south pasture. There were people there. People he didn't know. They didn't look like threatening people, they seemed to just be standing there, unarmed, gesturing a lot, and wearing … lab coats?He inched his truck down the drive, watching for the threat, the source of this weirdness. There were two more people standing in front of his barn. Again, they didn't appear threatening. They were wearing t-shirts and jeans and cardigans. Cardigans. Pulling up to the front of his house, he hopped out of his truck, determined to make the weird people go away. He was reaching into the back, pulling up his duffle and bow, when the screen door squealed open and then shut with a bang, clattering against its frame. Darcy stepped to the end of the porch, leaned her elbows against the railing and grinned at him. Clint rolled his eyes and tightened his grip on his bow. Funny how the things that made no sense, still made no sense, and yet now that he saw Darcy, it made all the sense in the world. "Heya, Hawkguy."He glared at her, raised an arm, and pointed off across the yard. "There are people in my pasture."Darcy looked towards the pasture. "Oh, yeah, that's Harriman and Park.""Why are they in my pasture?"Darcy shrugged. "Couldn't tell you.""And the two by my barn?""Simmons," she pointed at the woman on the left, and then moved her finger to point at the guy in the sweater, "Fitz.""Simmons and Fitz," he repeated. "FitzSimmons. Coulson's FitzSimmons?""That's them.""What are they doing?"Darcy leaned forward even more, cantilevering herself over the rail to get a better look. "Looks like they're testing Fitz's little baby drones."Cursing under his breath, Clint hefted his gear and started towards the front steps, almost tripping when a small goat darted in front of him, bleating its outrage at the near miss. "Why is there a goat?""I got you a goat," Darcy said. "You didn't have a goat. I was so disappointed. How do you have a farm and not have a goat? His name is Arturo Bigglesworth III.""Why?""Why not?" Darcy clucked at the little goat, who ignored her and bounced away. "He loves to climb, like, everything. And he likes to eat, like, everything. You two have a ton in common." She grinned back at him. "You're welcome."Clint tossed his duffle on the porch, set his bow down, and shoved a hand in his hair while he tried to sort through his conflicting feelings of outrage and confusion. "Do you not know the definition of the word 'boundaries'?"She ignored him. "How come you don't have a dog?"Clint squeezed his eyes shut and made a strangled noise in the back of his throat. "I'm not here often enough to have a dog.""You've got a caretaker. You need a dog. Or maybe five dogs."A low, muffled boom echoed across the farmyard and Clint jumped, his hand reaching for the sidearm he wasn't wearing."It's just Jane in the lab with a couple other scientists," Darcy told him.Clint let his hand fall and gave her a dazed look. "I don't have a lab.""The barn.""You turned my barn into a lab?""You never go in there," Darcy scoffed. "It was just ancient, broken down farm equipment.""I do so go in there," Clint protested, standing on his porch, feeling like an interloper in his own space. This was … this was very Darcy. First she breaks into his apartment all the damned time, and now she's invaded his farm. With scientists. Goddamn it. Freaking Starks."No, you don't," she shot back. "I know this, because your barn has been a lab for like five months. Also, I'm pretty sure, between me and Jane and Fitz, we've fixed up most of the broken stuff. Which you totally haven't noticed. So, again, you're welcome.""Darcy," Clint said her name in a low, drawn out hiss. "Why are there scientists and a goat on my farm?""Well, a) you needed a goat." Clint bared his teeth at her and she smiled back, unrepentant. "And, look, it's like this. See, all the SHIELD going to hell stuff, and Hydra stuff, and alien stuff, everybody's all worried about the specialists and whatnot, but who's thinking about the scientists? Huh, who? Nobody, that's who. No, it's all 'fix this, make that, here's alien tech tell me what it is in five minutes'. They're all stressed. Poor scientists.""Darcy Freaking Stark," he growled out, almost choking on her name in his exasperation. Darcy's face twisted into a comical grimace. "Wow, Stark even. Okay, honestly, Natasha told me you'd be gone for like another two weeks. So—""You come to my farm when I'm gone." Why was he surprised? He shouldn't have been surprised. He was going to have to find a new farm now. A farm two, maybe three states away. "It's my scientist rescue sanctuary." She swept out a hand, taking in the farmyard and the scientists beyond. "They need someplace safe to just science and relax and get some fresh air and actual sunlight."A small object flew onto the porch, buzzed around Clint's head for a moment, zoomed off to Darcy, and then left th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Clint Barton's Farm
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Darcy has no concept of boundaries

fandom: 
None
