Work Text:
When Charles wakes up the morning after, it takes him a while to remember why he feels so safe, so utterly warm and achingly contented. He’s never been much of one for mornings, so it takes time for him to register the arms around him holding him close to a muscled chest, the rise and fall of breath under his cheek and the beat of a heart through warm skin taking longer still, a far-off, soothing sound like a drum.He remembers slowly, languorously, quiet happiness bubbling up in him from his toes upward - he was bonded last night. He is in Erik’s arms. Erik is his Dom, and Charles belongs to Erik, and they are curled up together in the middle of that giant bed in the new apartment Raven had taken him to after the ceremony to wait for Erik, where Charles had fallen - quite properly - asleep, waking only to find himself looked down upon by someone strange and beautiful.Charles shifts a little, not enough to wake Erik, just enough to feel the dull ache in his ass where his Dom had held him down and fucked him last night, opened him up with his fingers and - “Mmm,” says a deep and rasping voice, and Charles’ body pillow shifts under his head, the arms around his shoulders and waist tightening as though to make sure he stays put while Erik stretches, dry lips pressing a kiss against Charles’ hair. “Good morning.”“Good morning,” Charles says, feeling breathless and daring, and lifts his head to meet Erik’s heated, curious gaze.Erik is just as strikingly handsome in the early daylight as he had been in candlelight, strong features and the beginnings of crowsfeet at the corners of his eyes, his brow lightly creased - worn in around the edges, though his eyes are the most wondrous shade of blue-green, and Charles finds himself blushing, naked as a jaybird with his body pressed all along Erik’s, his hands pressed to Erik’s bare torso with only a sheet thrown over them as an afterthought.Erik smiles, and Charles swears his heart skips a beat.“Perfect,” his Dom murmurs, and brings his hand up to tangle in Charles’ hair - he seems to like it, he did the same last night - and holds him still for a kiss, tugging at the roots just a little to make Charles’ toes curl. A whine escapes his throat that the other man seems to approve of, because he does it again, keeping Charles where he wants him and rubbing the inside of his thigh along the inside of Charles’ where their legs are interlaced, coarse hair rubbing against the delicate skin. Charles kisses him back carefully, because more than anything he wants Erik to be pleased.He can feel the warm sensation of another mind close against his own, but doesn’t dare touch it yet. Erik hasn’t given any indication either way as to how he feels about telepathy, regardless of his sister’s own power, and no indication of where his boundaries are. Charles has always known there would be boundaries.Erik’s tongue is coaxing and demanding by turns, his hand half-fisted in Charles’ hair adjusting him a little to get the right angle, the right grip. His other hand has slipped down to the small of Charles’ back, keeping him tucked in against Erik’s body, like a captured prize. Charles surrenders gratefully, giving over control with a shiver of excitement that runs down his spine, hips pressing closer against Erik’s leg, fingers curling into the sparse hair on that broad, strong chest. Raven might have been happy to tell him what to do while he still lived at home, but waking up before she did so he could be sat correctly for her arrival is nothing to waking up to this, being paid worship to by someone who wants him this badly.They are both hard. Charles thinks about the size of Erik’s cock where it presses against his belly, wet-tipped and swelling, and moans into his Dom’s mouth.His Dom - his Dom - breaks the kiss with a wet noise of lips parting, pulling Charles back and away to let them both breathe heavily, chests pushing against each other. “Good morning,” Erik says again, the corners of his eyes crinkling, and Charles smiles back, leans into the palm now cupping the side of his head, a thumb brushing gently over the thin, sensitive skin of his temple. Each time it touches there Charles feels a spark of connection, like a warm jolt of telepathy he can’t suppress. His little focusing habit is too deeply ingrained now to dig out the association.“That feels good.”Charles mustn’t do a good job of suppressing his little twitch of surprise, because Erik’s smile widens. “I’ve had plenty of practice knowing when Emma is snooping around up here. It never felt that nice, though.”“She probably wasn’t thinking about last night,” Charles says daringly, and holds still when Erik kisses him again, thumb still stroking Charles’ temple now that he knows just where to touch to make Charles shiver and - tentatively - stroke back with his mind, just emotional sensation, nothing any more intrusive. Erik makes a pleased rumbling sound and all of a sudden he’s dragging himself upright to prop himself
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Collars
Intercrural Sex
Spanking
Painplay
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

