Work Text:
Matt has nightmares. Matt has a lot of nightmares. Foggy wakes up when Matt whimpers—Matt never screams after a nightmare, even when it sounds like he wants to. After a moment Foggy hears Matt’s horrible mattress creak when Matt sits up. “Again?” Foggy asks quietly, turning over so he can look at Matt. Matt’s got his arms wrapped around his knees and is staring into space. His face in sweaty, and his hair is all over the place from his tossing and turning. “Sorry.” Matt whispers back. “I didn't mean to wake you.” Foggy shakes head even though he’s absolutely exhausted and rolls over onto his elbow.  “Nah, I couldn’t sleep anyway.” He lies. Matt snorts weakly. “Liar.” He accuses, and Foggy laughs. “How do you know? I’m a very good liar.” Matt makes a strange little sound, almost a tiny laugh but a little too bitter. “You’re really not.” He says, and there’s a knowing edge to his voice. Foggy shrugs, because it’s true—at least around Matt. Matt can always tell when Foggy’s lying, somehow. He doesn’t always call him out on it, but his smile fades a little every time Foggy does it. It hurts to see. Foggy doesn’t lie to Matt very often. “Whatever. I’m awake now.” He says, and he only yawns a little as he’s saying it. “You wanna talk about it?” Matt snorts. “God, no.” Yikes, taking the Lord’s name in vain. Not a good sign. “Okay…” Foggy agrees reluctantly. He looks carefully at Matt, who has circles under his eyes and a pale cast to his skin. Matt never sleeps well, but he hasn't slept much at all this week, nightmares waking him (and Foggy) up several times a night. Foggy wants to help, to listen and comfort. But Matt never wants to talk about it. “We should sleep together.” Foggy blurts out, and then realizes how bad that sounds. Sure, he totally wants to sleep with Matt in pretty much every sense of the word, but he knows better than to open that can of worms. Matt is, as far as Foggy can tell, completely straight; he’s also Foggy’s best friend, and dating best friends does not always work out so well, especially when said best friends are completely straight. Matt is staring at him, looking completely bewildered.
 

“What?” 
 “Not that way!” Foggy hurries to reassure him. “Geez, Murdock, get your mind out of the gutter.” Like Foggy can talk. His mind is so constantly and deeply in the gutter when it comes to Matt, he’s on first name basis with the mutant sewer gators of dirty thoughts. “I just mean sleeping-sleeping.” Matt still looks baffled, and now more than a little wary. “…Why?” He asks suspiciously. Foggy needs to backpedal out of this situation as quickly as he can, so he keeps talking. “My sister had nightmares a lot.” He explains. “When they got bad, she’d sleep in my bed with me. She said it helped. Apparently I’m a walking dream catcher.” He shrugs. “Somehow I doubt your nightmares involve clown cars and balloon animals, but it might help you too.” “I’m not sure that’s a good idea.” Matt says, and it’s clear he’s trying to say no as politely as he can without making it awkward. Too bad, Murdock. Foggy thinks firmly. It’s already awkward, and if I’m going to be humiliating myself tonight, it might as well be worth it.
 
“Look, I’m not going to grope you or anything.” Foggy tells him, exasperated. No matter how much I may want to. “But I don’t see the harm in just trying it. If it doesn’t work, you get back in your own bed and we never speak of it again. But if it does…” He shrugs. “Then we know.” Matt looks incredibly guarded. His eyebrows are furrowed, and he’s frowning. “Foggy…” Matt says slowly. “I don’t think…” He doesn’t appear to know how to finish that thought. Foggy decides that rational arguments are not going to work here, and instead decides to ruthlessly exploit Matt’s selflessness. He only feels a little guilty, because Foggy doesn’t have nearly as many morals as Matt does. “Come on, Matt. I’m doing this for me too. I need a little more than three hours of sleep a night.” It’s for Matt’s own good, Foggy reminds himself when Matt winces. “I’m sorry. I can get up, maybe go out when it happens…” He starts, and Foggy snorts. “And what, wander aimlessly around campus until you fall into a ditch?” He rolls his eyes. “No, Matt, you do not need to leave. Even if you don’t want to try this, you are staying.” When Matt continues looking incredibly unhappy, Foggy sighs gustily and runs a hand through his hair. “Look, if it gets really bad, I can go crash with Marci. She won’t mind.” Actually, she probably will mind, and will also have Foggy repay her with sexual favors. But there’s no way he’s telling Matt that. “But we should try this first.” Matt looks unsure, but the guilt trip appears to be working its magic. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” He says quietly, and Foggy chuckles. “You’re not going to make me uncomfortable. I’m the one that offered, remember?” Matt looks uncertain. “Seriously. Just try it this once.” Matt licks his lips once, a nervous gesture, but he’s already
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Secret Identity Reveal
Hospitals
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fluff and Angst
Enhanced Senses
Dreams and Nightmares

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

