Chapter 1: More Than He Bargained For
    


Notes:
Thanks to the lovely Giovanna for all the time, patience and help so I could put out this revamped version of chapter one! I feel like the original was messy, rushed and wasn't everything I wanted and knew it could be. Enjoy and let me know what you think of the changes in the comments!
-Belle




Chapter Text
 



Artwork by Chestnut Nola
 

Disclaimer:  I own nothing other than a few OC's and my own plot lines


 


A/N: Warnings for Language


 


Thoughts are in italics

 
 

 *~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~*~ MB ~* 

 
Usually when Tony had a woman in his penthouse they knew what the rules were when they entered. Tony hated to pretend even in his own home and made it a point to let his bed partners know that it was for one night and one night only. There will be no second chances. The game often went like this; offer them a drink, a little chitchat maybe to charm them right out of their panties, then after a few hours of fun time, send them packing. If he liked his current bed partner enough, he might make her a bagel before sending her on her way. That was the old Tony Stark. Before a feisty Pepper Potts stepped center stage into his personal life.
 
However, Tony really didn’t think these old rules were anywhere in the same galaxy of reality when you factor in the fact that said woman currently in his penthouse was one Natasha Romanoff.  Formally the stunning Natalie Rushman, assistant to the previously mentioned Pepper Potts. Not unless he wanted to die in some creative, and likely painful fashion, doled out by either one or the other female. Possibly both. Likely both.
 
“Can I help you with something Miss. Romanoff?” Tony asked as he closed the door behind her, briefly letting his eyes skim over her casual jeans and blouse, before heading straight for the wet bar to one side of the kitchenette.
 
“Would you like something to drink?” He offered a moment later when she didn’t immediately reply. Letting her glance around the living room with plush sofas, armchair and big screen TV. Opening the mini fridge, Tony hummed softly under his breath as he debated what he wanted. Tony watched from the corner of his eye as her nose wrinkled briefly in disgust before it smoothed away into a neutral expression when she turned back.
 
“It’s nine in the morning Stark; little bit early don’t you think?” Tony closed the mini fridge door with a little more force than necessary at her tone, letting a plastic smile slide automatically over his lips in subconscious defense. Thought her tone was neutral enough, Tony knew full well that she was throwing an unspoken jab at his previously excessive drinking habits of the recent past.
 
“I was referring to the bottled water or the soda Miss Romanoff.” He answered crisply, perfectly polite. Wouldn’t do to die by assassination because he was rude after all, even if she started it.
 
They looked at each other for a moment in silence as he absently unscrewed the cap off the cold water he’d taken out for himself. Her body language was stiff, whether in discomfort or dislike he wasn’t sure and frankly, just at the moment, he didn’t give a damn. Finally she seemed to give an internal sigh of annoyance and spoke once more. “Director Fury wanted to know if your offer to house the other members of the Avengers Initiative still stands?”
 
Picking up his bottle Tony moved around the bar and walked towards the lone armchair in the living room. Wondering why the man hadn’t simply called him about the question, rather than sending this prickly messenger. Was it some misguided attempt to coax or butter him up? Because this was definitely the wrong woman to send for the job if that was the case, SHIELD spy or not. “Yes, the offer still stands. Did Fury happen to say when he wanted to send you guys with your things? I have to set up space for you all first.”
 
Natasha gave a sharp nod in response, crossing her arms over her chest as she tracked his movement into the living space with her eyes, not moving to join him. Tony sat down and made himself comfortable. If Natasha wanted to stand in the middle of the room that was her own problem. Tony scooped up the tablet he'd been using before she's knocked on his penthouse door, lightly balancing it on one knee as he gazed back at her with a raised eyebrow. 
 
“As soon as possible, let me know when the space is ready.” Romanoff said, with a slight irritated huff. Tony didn't know what the woman had to be annoyed about. He was being perfectly civil in his opinion. He chose not to call her on it.
“Alright, I’ll get a hold of a contractor and let Fury know what the time estimate is; I wouldn’t think it to be longer than a few weeks. Jarvis?” His mind spun with various ideas, and what each individual would need. As always, his AI was prompt at determining what Tony needed without his having to say anything.
 
“Yes Sir, informing Miss Potts of the renovations.” Jarvis' vo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony/Others
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Past Ginny/Harry
Past Tony/Pepper

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Adventure & Romance
Violence
Angst and Humor
Angst and Feels
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Crossover
Crossover Pairings
intersex Harry
Intersex Alien race
Alien Cultural Differences
some world building of a fashion
wing!fic
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Past Child Abuse
Child Abuse
Vague mentions of an eating disorder caused by stress
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Not for Pepper fans
Ginny Bashing
BDSM
Murder
partner infidelity
Mentions of drug/alcohol abuse
Minor Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Tony/Others
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Past Ginny/Harry
Past Tony/Pepper

