Chapter 1





Chapter Text






The Capital of Genosha was a gleaming, pretty place. 


It had risen like a shining beacon, up out of the chaos that the world had been before. There had been centuries of peace, of simple living, as the 13 Districts around the Capital toiled at their tasks. 


And for centuries no one saw the Capital that was not born to it. It was like a fairytale of old—filled up with castle spires and elaborate costumes that were exquisite beyond the telling. Less than five hundred miles away and it was turning to myth. 


Myths, however, are rarely left unchallenged. Soon the districts were rising up in rebellion, and there was war. All of Genosha was nearly lost to the petty demands of the districts, but the Capital prevailed at last, though they had to carve District 13 straight out to do it. It lay in ruin still today, as a warning to the rest to behave. 


But a single warning would not be enough. The leaders of the Capital knew all too well their tenuous hold over the districts, outnumbered as they were. The Capital had lost many lives during the war, and they needed to increase both their number and power if they were to hold to their victory. 


It was decided then, as both a punishment to the districts, and in aid of themselves, they would round up all the omegas in the districts to assign them to alphas within the Capital. After all, omegas were far too valuable to be wasted on the districts, with their laborers and their poverty. 


Some felt this was more than punishment enough, but the most brilliant among them realized they would adapt. If they were not allowed omegas, they would learn to live without them. The key to control came in two parts: fear and hope. 


And so the Alpha Games were begun, and offered them both.

* * * * *
It all started with the sound of his name.
He almost didn't recognize it as his own, considering the dulcet Capital accent that had spoken it. Those around him had gone silent, watching to see what he would do—what he had done was disconnect. 
As a consequence the last week has gone by in a blur. The clearest memory he has is not that Capital puppet calling his name, but the sound of his mother's voice. She had been crying as they pulled her out the door, their three minutes for goodbye up: Alles ist gut, Erik, alles ist gut. 
He had decided then and there that he was coming home, though he was not one of those alphas that were looking forward to the opportunity to participate in the Games. Some were known to even volunteer, because to be a victor meant fame, money, and more importantly, it meant bonding with an omega. 
None of this matters in the least to Erik. He will fight and he will live—he cannot afford to imagine the afterwards. He focuses all his attention instead on surviving the Games, the rules of which, at least, were simple enough. 
Two alphas, between the ages of sixteen and twenty-one, are chosen from each district to compete. As an incentive, a single omega tribute is also chosen from a pool of all the districts to be the prize—though omegas are only entered into the drawing once, on the year they come of age at eighteen. 
Omegas are not allowed to remain in their district after that. Their name is either chosen for that year's game or they are taken to the Capital to be assigned an alpha. Despite only being in a single drawing, the odds weren't more in favor of omegas than alphas. Erik recalls hearing there were only fourteen omegas coming of age this year from all twelve districts. A one in fourteen chance. 
Erik's name had been pulled out of hundreds, and he only had two reapings left. But then, the odds have never seemed in his favor. 
If he had been born to another district, perhaps some overeager alpha with something to prove might have volunteered in his place. Those at District 12 had little use for the Games, and the only person Erik suspects might actually want to be in them had been called right before him: Sebastian Shaw. 
Sebastian Shaw is a despicable human being and Erik is nothing but grateful for it. It will make it so much easier when the time comes to kill him. Shaw will be dependent on getting weapons from the stash, on gifts from sponsors, and it will make him weak. Erik has never been good with people. He knows he cannot count on outside support, and relying only on himself simplifies things greatly. 
His mentor, Azazel, had tried to get him to ingratiate himself to the citizens of Genosha to gain sponsors, but had given up on him quickly to favor his fellow tribute, who had the slick nature needed to play to the audience. Erik had just barely made it through his interviews, rarely giving an answer that consisted of more than two words. 
Now, as he rises up through the tube into the sunlight, he is comforted by the fact that the only thing he needs to worry about is staying alive. 
Azazel has warned him that his best defense will be to disappear. If Erik listens to nothing else, he will listen to this. As all o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Attempted Rape
Character Death
Bamf!Erik
BAMF!Charles
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Violence
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

