Work Text:
Intelligently, the hospital staff didn't attempt to bar the way as Steve stormed in. A hapless intern managed to hold his ground long enough to stammer out directions before seeking shelter behind the nurses' station; not breaking his stride, Steve stalked off in the direction he'd been pointed. His hands were shaking.Familiar voices grew louder ahead as he approached the room he'd been directed toward. First Pepper's exasperated tones ("Of course it hurts Tony, stop poking it!"), followed by a remarkable display of prescience from Clint ("Cap's going to flip..."), and a cry of indignation from Tony ("Why does it hurt? I'm paying enough they should be forking over the good drugs!") just as he reached the open doorway and everyone froze.Perhaps unsurprisingly, Tony was the first to recover. "Hey, Steve!" he said cheerfully, waving. Waving left-handed, specifically; the right was in a sling, the edge of a plaster cast peeking out from behind the heavy fabric. His lip was split, the beginnings of what would be truly magnificent bruising just starting to blossom across his face, and a row of stitches neatly bisected his eyebrow."What happened?" Steve demanded."Oh, you know how it is on a Friday night-""He got jumped outside the bar," Natasha interrupted, glaring at him. "If Clint and I hadn't been there-""I could have handled it!""Shut up, Tony," Pepper said wearily."Why?" Steve said. And suddenly no-one was willing to meet his eyes. Even Tony looked uncomfortable, and Steve felt a horrible suspicion begin to grow. He swallowed around the sudden dryness in his throat. "This is-" His voice cracked and he tried again. "It was because of...us, wasn't it?" The way Tony winced and looked away was all the answer he needed.Just over a week ago word had somehow got out that Tony Stark was dating Captain America, and the tabloids had promptly exploded. Some quarters were having gleeful hysterics over the news; others were denouncing Tony as a traitor for 'corrupting a national icon'. Tony had laughed at that particular headline, he remembered, just a few days ago. Laughed and said smugly that the 'national icon' had loved every minute of it. Just a few days ago it had all been funny.And now Tony was in hospital.In certain ways Tony was the most vulnerable member of the team. No super-soldier strength, no mutation or godly powers, no real combat training. Without the Iron Man suit he was just a man; a man as stubborn as a mule and as tough as old leather when the chips were down, admittedly, but just a man nonetheless. And a man with a big mouth and a talent for finding trouble.Natasha had resumed glaring at Tony. "We tried to get him to leave, but..." She trailed off, but Steve was fairly certain he knew where the sentence had been going. When provoked Tony was pathologically incapable of keeping his mouth shut."Calling them idiots was fair enough," Clint contributed, confirming his suspicions. "But then he started on about how the loudest homophobes usually have repressed homosexual tendencies-""It's true!" Tony protested."-and things kinda went downhill from there.""Where are they?" "Dunno." Clint shrugged. "New York? Maybe. I'd be running for the border by now if I'd been stupid enough to beat the shit out of an Avenger.""You let them get away?" Steve demanded."We were more concerned with getting Tony to a hospital," Natasha said coolly."It's not that bad," Tony muttered."Have you seen yourself?" Pepper asked dryly, raising her eyebrows.Tony waved his undamaged hand dismissively. "I've been beaten up worse by better men. And better women. Hell, Natasha does a better job of kicking my ass every day in the gym." Natasha shrugged and nodded in acknowledgement of this truth. "Look, the doctor said I'll be fine in a week apart from the arm and the ribs." He looked around for support. "True?""True," Pepper admitted grudgingly."There you go," Tony said with an air of satisfaction. "Now is someone going to get me more morphine or what?"But he still wouldn't meet Steve's eyes squarely.  Steve spent most of that night dozing in a chair by the hospital bed, never really achieving true sleep. At one point he woke to hear Pepper on the other side of the bed fiercely telling a sleeping Tony that he was not allowed to get himself killed over anything this stupid, and if he did she would bring him back from the grave for the express purpose of killing him herself. Later he was woken by shouting and the sound of Bruce patiently explaining to Thor why indiscriminately beating people up was not the correct response to this situation. Smiling faintly despite himself - you could always count on Thor - Steve drifted off again.When he awoke again, later, he was alone in the room with Tony and chilly pre-dawn light was filtering in through the half-shut drapes. He stretched, thankful for the healing factor that soothed away the aches from sleeping in the chair almost before he could notice them, and glanced at his watch. 6:14am.To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Homophobia
Community: avengerkink
Violence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

