Work Text:
It had been a slow day. Summer heat has engulfed the city, sticky and suffocating, and all three of them were sitting at their respective desks panting like dogs after a run, all windows wide open with the hope of letting a non existent wind in.Foggy looked up from the paragraph he had read four times without actually understanding a single word with a low whine. He would gladly jump into a tub full of ice at the moment. He couldn’t stand heat, it made his hair stick on his face and a his skin sheen with a constant veil of sweat. Not to mention it just killed any will to do anything in him.“I can’t wait until we are not-broke enough to afford air conditioning…” He sighed to himself, voice low. “The day we get one, I’ll dance naked in the office, I don’t even care.”It was a empty promise made to himself, but as he pondered if he should go and beg Matt and Karen with the promise of a lovely naked dance, he caught a movement over the glass separating his office from the other rooms with the corner of his eye.
Matt, sitting in office with his shirt half open and dark hair sticking to his forehead, was chuckling.Foggy pondered for a second if his friend had just gone insane because of the heat, laughing to himself for no apparent reason, before remembering that, right, super powers.Suddenly Foggy felt very awake, sitting straighter in his chair. He still found himself surprised about the realization that Matt had superpowers, from time to time. He really never thought about that much, he’d rather avoid thinking about it at all if he could.(He was never gonna get over the fact that Matt could read him like an open book. In braille. And probably had heard him every time he masturbated when they were in college. Dammit, Matt.)So there were moment like this, when Matt would do something he really wasn’t supposed to, and Foggy would feel utter confusion for a second before remembering.So, Matt could hear Foggy whisper to himself from across the other side of the office. It wasn’t really that surprising considering he’d admitted he could recognize Foggy’s heartbeat from blocks away, but it was the first time that Foggy really understood the implications of it.He launched another look at Matt, that had already got back to his reading, his hands going back and forth on the paper and his mouth a tense line of concentration. Foggy stared at him for a little while more, before barely whispering out “A banana in a tutu.”Matt’s hands stopped abruptly. He turned his head up and slightly to the left, in Foggy’s general direction, his right eyebrow tilting over the edge of his glasses in a quiet display of confusion.
Foggy found himself grinning like and idiot, a little laugh bubbling in his throat.Oh, this was gonna be so much fun.**His newfound weapon had to be used wisely.This is the decision Foggy had reached, when he thought about it. If he started whispering non-sense at Matt all the time, it would not only lose the surprise factor, but also probably make Matt shut his voice out with his freaky selective hearing and ninja meditation powers of ninja-ness.No, Foggy had a nuke in his hand, and he was gonna deploy it at the right times, just when Matt started to forget about it all over again.(But man, was it hard to patiently wait for the right time. He had come so close so many times. But still, he resisted. Foggy was a warrior.)Thankfully, the perfect occasion showed itself one August night, in the form of a surprise call made by Brandon East, douchebag extraordinaire.Foggy and Matt had the unlucky experience to meet him back in college. One year older than them, tall and lanky with dark hair and blue eyes, Brandon has immediately shown his true face when the first thing he did upon meeting him and Matt had been scanning Matt with a look that screamed ableism from a mile away.Foggy had made sure to don’t made any connection with the guy at all, never really explaining to Matt why.Then one day Brandon flat out said that Foggy better drop the “dead weight” if he wanted to actually have a career while Matt was sitting right at his side and, well- Foggy wasn’t a violent person by nature, but breaking one of his knuckles on the idiot’s jaw had been extremely satisfying.(a little less satisfying when Matt insisted on taking notes for him in classes so he wouldn’t strain his hand, and then pestered him incessantly until Foggy gave in and let Matt teach him how to properly throw a punch once he was healed.)(Now that he thought about it, that should’ve been his first clue. But then again, Matt’s dad was a boxer, so sue him for not being surprised about Matt knowing how to throw a punch.)Thankfully, Brandon never spoke to them ever again after that incident, a fact that made Foggy wonder repeatedly why he didn’t just flat out decked him in the face the second he laid those disgusting eyes on Matt.They had more or less forgot about him as soon as they graduated. That was, until the call.Foggy had answered, distracted and va
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

