Work Text:
Steve pulled at the drawstring of his hoodie and shivered. He’d thrown his dad’s old leather jacket over the top of it when he left, but he’d misjudged how cold it could get at night, when the sun dropped down below the skyscrapers and Brooklyn was just a mass of dark corners and street lights. His gloves were in his pocket, but putting them on would mean stopping and trying not to spill the bag of groceries he was carrying, and he’d rather just get home faster – the streets were eerily quiet, considering it had only just gone past midnight, rows of parked cars and empty sidewalks.His apartment wasn’t too far away from the store if he cut through the alleyways that made up that part of Brooklyn. The economy might be getting better, but there were still a lot of empty buildings and weird night sounds as he walked, puffs of air visible for a few seconds as he breathed. Somewhere in the distance, a car backfired, and he could hear someone yell – lost in the echoes of the empty street. Further away, a siren. Even when it was deathly still, New York was still alive – and Steve loved it.Slipping between what had once been a garage and an indie coffee shop, Steve heard the sound of running feet. Night joggers, he thought, shaking his head as he walked. Crazy assholes.Every now and then, Steve thought about getting fit. He had a pair of running shoes in the bottom of his closet, and all the jogging clothing he would ever need, worn once. Normally by the time he got to the park, he was already exhausted – and even if he did make it there without feeling like every breath was trying to kill him, his skinny legs and spun sugar lungs would soon show him the error of his ways. Steve Rogers was never meant to run. Or Jog. Or do any kind of fitness at all.Someone else ran past the opening of the alley he was walking down, arms pumping and breathing deep. He saw the flash of a reflective armband before they disappeared. Well, at least they were visible to cars.Three blocks away from his apartment, Steve heard something. There was a multi-level short stay carpark on the other side of the road, lit up to show a few cars and not much else. The barrier was down, but that didn’t mean much. He heard it again, and his step faltered. A groan.Not a ‘hey baby, $50 and a dark alley I can make your night’ type of groan. Not even a ‘I really shouldn’t have started on the shots, my poor liver’ type of groan. He started to walk faster. He was only three blocks from his apartment. He’d made it through his whole life without being killed in a dark alley (He’d been beat up in more than one, but that wasn’t the point) and he really didn’t plan on being killed carrying a bag of groceries three goddamn blocks from his (safe) apartment.Another groan. This one a whole helluva lot closer.Someone ran past. Legs pumping fast, not a jogger – a flat out run. He could see a smear of something red on the back of their jacket, dark and wet and…“Hey!” He called out, but the runner didn’t stop, didn’t even look over their shoulder, and just ran faster. He could see a yellow reflective strip on their arm, but the bloody handprint on their jacket was holding his attention. It looked like someone had tried to grab them. Someone with blood on their hands. He started to walk faster. Three blocks.Another groan, and this time, much closer. The streetlight over his head flickered ominously, went out. Steve’s heard thudded in his chest. He couldn’t hear anything but his own, laboured breath and the thrumming of his heart in his ears. Behind him, something whispered.Steve wasn’t sure why he turned around. It felt like the whole world was suddenly in slow motion, time passing like molasses. He turned, and saw…A man.Or at least…A man shaped…He screamed, bag of groceries hitting the sidewalk with a crash. The… thing… standing on front of him was…Steve ran.Steve wasn’t a fit person, after a few moments he could feel his thighs burning with the strain, lungs franticly trying to draw in air that he gulped down in heaving breaths. His feet slapped against the sidewalk too loudly, painfully.Behind him, someone was yelling, but Steve wasn’t going to take the risk to look over his shoulder. He was only three blocks from his apartment. Three blocks – three blocks.His mind was full of the… face… of the… thing… chasing him. Bloodied and mangled, one eye sewn shut with thick black thread, matted, bloody hair – a stump where an arm should be – mouth and lips torn and bleeding. Steve’s steps faltered. He’d seen some shit in New York, some fucked up shit, but never anything like that. Two blocks.Someone was yelling, and Steve’s steps faltered, his world tipped – toe catching on air. He was running too fast to save himself from the fall, the bone jarring smash of his body against the sidewalk.Everything went black. “Shit, oh shit.” Someone was saying, and Steve could feel someone trying to carefully move him. “Jesus, Mary mother of god. Please don’t be dead.” Steve could f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
zombie run
Skinny Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Nerds in Love
Star Trek References
Cosplay

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

