Chapter 1: Watch Over Me
    




Chapter Text


There was a time when Grant used to think that babies were boring. After all, they barely do anything – they sleep, they cry, they eat, they poop, and that’s about it.It isn’t the case anymore though – somewhere along the way he realized that there were very few things that were more interesting than babies.Maybe it all started when Skye’s belly began to round, and it dawned upon him that there was actually a growing baby in there. When she began to move around, things got incredibly more interesting – he remembers the early days, when Skye’d freeze suddenly, or would put her hand absent-mindedly on her bump, scaring him a little.“It’s okay,” she’d tell him, “she’s just moving around,” prompting him to rush to her side anyway, placing his hand on her belly. It was, of course, weeks before he could have felt it, but he still tried anyway. And when the kicks got strong enough that he could not only feel, but see them, he was completely mesmerized – he could have sat by Skye’s side for hours, watching the taut skin of her belly ripple as their daughter kicked and punched.And when she was finally born, it was as if new age had started from him – and suddenly, there was nothing more interesting in the world than her.Even now, three months later, just watching her sleep seems like the best way to pass his time. She grows and changes so much every day, he can barely keep track of everything. Now she smiles at almost everything and lifts her head and turns around, and her eyes have starts to turn brown. Her hair is growing and thickening, and her features are getting more defined, and he’s in love.Completely and utterly in love with his tiny daughter.A soft chuckle pulls him from his reverie.“You are at it again?” Skye asks, standing at the doorway.His smile gets even wider.“Hush,” he chastises softly. “She’s asleep. And anyway, can you blame me?”Shaking her head she walks to him and kneels next to him on the floor by the bed. On the mattress there sleeps their daughter on her stomach, her lips pouting in the most adorable way as she dreams.“No, not at all. She’s perfect.” He sees the same, overwhelming love in her eyes as she watches the baby he feels himself.“Well, she takes after her mother.”This makes her chuckle again, then lean her head on his shoulder. She doesn’t say a word for a few seconds, just lets out a happy sigh.“I’m so lucky to have you,” she tells him finally. “All I ever wanted was a family – and yet I never thought I would actually have it, at least not as beautiful as it is.”He has no words to answer her – no words that adequately could tell her that he feels the same; that she and Haylie mean the world to him; that he still can’t believe he got so lucky. So he simply takes her chin into his hand, turns her head towards him and presses a soft kiss against her lips, pouring all his love into it.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Grant Ward

freeform: 
Drabbles
Based on pictures
Fluff
Skyeward - Freeform
Occassional smut
Lot of family feels
Skyeward family

fandom: 
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Grant Ward

