Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Stiles is strange, he’s over-active, too loud and has no sense of self-preservation, yet his plans always seem to work out. She’s not sure if it’s luck or something else. It’s the shirt that really starts it, a faded black AC/DC shirt. She’s never seen him wear it before, but it looks familiar. She’s probably seen one similar somewhere, after all Tony has an obsession with the band, that’s probably what it’s reminding her of. Still, it stays with her, tickling at the back of her brain demanding attention. So she watches and she catalogues. 
	 
A few weeks later the principle corners her outside the cafeteria, she smiles pleasantly and forces herself to pay attention to something other than the stench of his awful halitosis. “I know it’s unusual, but it’s better this way, no-one wants to put Stilinski on that stage, god only knows what he’d say.” Wait, what? “Oh I’m sorry, I should have explained, we would like you to give the Valedictorian speech instead of Stiles. I don’t trust him with a microphone.” What the fuck? 
“Do you mean to tell me that I’m not valedictorian?” Principle Primm’s face turned scarlet then bleached of all colour as she glared at him. Her grades were perfect! “Well, that is, I mean in any other year you would be, your grades are immaculate and your test scores are the second highest we’ve ever had. Don’t let it upset you Lydia, Stiles has always been the smartest person in the building, he was offered a place in MIT when he was twelve, would have gone too if his mother hadn’t died. There’s only a hairsbreadth between your GPA’s anyway so I don’t think anyone will mind if you make the speech.” Stiles Stilinski the spastic, annoying little kid who used to follow her around like a puppy, was offered a place in MIT at twelve? 
	
It was like finding out about the supernatural all over again. Her world was spinning apart, because that couldn’t be true, it couldn’t. He took hardly any advanced classes, barely ever did homework and was generally reviled by the teachers. If he was so smart, why didn’t they push him? Every parent teacher meeting she’d ever had to sit through had been spent listening to the teachers tell her parents to push her more, advance placement, special classes on weekends, college courses she could take online to stop her from being bored. They were obsessed with her high IQ and making the most of her potential. She had gate-crashed Stiles’ parent-teacher meeting last month, sticking like glue to his side after the Darach incident. Not one single teacher had been complimentary, all they talked about was his ADHD and how he needed to focus more in class. It had been dismissive and Lydia had felt bad for him, mostly because the sheriff looked like he was expecting nothing less. Lydia knew Stiles was smart, she had partnered up with him in chemistry once Jennifer was replaced. She had seen his grades, had joked about his high scores in a pop quiz just last week. 
	The sheriff didn’t keep his tests on the fridge the way her parents did, he didn’t seem to offer any praise when Stiles came home with an A from English. The sheriff was interested in sporting achievements and keeping his son safe from the supernatural, his education or what he did with it, didn’t seem to be an issue. Spinning on her heel she stalked into the cafeteria, thrilling a little as people stepped out her path, giving her a clear shot to their table. Stiles was shovelling fries into his mouth as he quickly stumbled away from the table, snagging his backpack on the way, trying to escape. Her hand shot out and held him in place as he swallowed the last of his fries and smiled too brightly. “Hey Lydia, what’s up?”

“You know perfectly well what’s up! Why would you hide something like this?” The pack were listening in, confused and eager to discover what they were talking about. “Come on Lyds, it’s fine, you’ll be better than me at it anyway. Plus everyone expects you to do it.” She saw the flash of hurt briefly cross his features before it was squashed, didn’t he know this was an honour, that he should take credit for it? He deserved to be the one up there. “You deserve it Stiles, I don’t. I refuse to take the credit for something I didn’t do.”
“Look, it doesn’t matter anyway, Primm’s not going to let me do it and I don’t really want to do it anyway, so it’s fine. I can cheer you on.” He flailed his arms wide and she couldn’t help but smile a little and shake her head, “Schools will be looking at things like this Stiles.” He scoffed, loudly, the noise ringing in her ears as he spoke, “You don’t have to worry about that. I’ve got early acceptance into like, everywhere really.” Everywhere? Where exactly is everywhere? They were supposed to be a pack, they were supposed to make decisions together, angry now, she told him, “I thought we were all going to discuss our college options together at Derek’s.”  He backed away a little from her ire, bumping up against Liam. “We are. I just mean
[starting tags]
relationship: 
pre-Sterek
Pepper/Tony

freeform: 
Genius Stiles
Pining Derek
Oblivious Derek
Pining Stiles
Lydia watches everything
no peter
Isaac is still in France
Post-Nogitsune
Stiles breaks his arm - mentioned
Tony builds a new house on a bigger cliff
I've played with timelines a little
Post Iron Man 3
pre Age of Ultron - so Jarvis is still there
picking a college
keeping the pack together
Family Secrets
Derek is adorable
there are trolls (not just Tony)
Crossover
Get Together

fandom: 
pre-Sterek
Pepper/Tony

