Work Text:
The first thing Steve had noticed about fighting Thor was that he hit like a freight train.Steve had gone rounds with Tony before, with Clint, with Natasha--but never Bruce, for obvious reasons--and they’d all managed to land blows, sometimes even ones that left a bruise or stung for a while. But those injuries were never severe enough to ache for days, to knock Steve off his feet or jar him enough to distract him.The first punch Thor delivered to Steve’s stomach, however, had him almost doubling over.Upon seeing Steve’s reaction, Thor’s eyes had gone impossibly wide with concern. He’d declared the match over right then and there, and insisted on helping Steve walk back to the locker room. When he’d finally left his side, Steve heard him cursing under his breath, reminding himself that these people weren’t like his own.Steve had been impressed with Thor’s strength, and a little frightened of it. He knew Thor would never willingly hurt him--his instant regret was proof enough of that. Thor, however, was the only team member stronger than Steve was (unless he counted Bruce as the Hulk), and there was something...exhilarating about fighting with someone that strong.It had taken him a week to get Thor comfortable with the idea of going another round with Steve, and he had sworn he wouldn’t hit as hard as he had before. But there was still almost no competition between them--Thor was so powerful and fast, and he shrugged off Steve’s hardest hits like they were nothing.He swung again, fist colliding with Thor’s jaw, but he just blinked and then ducked, pulling his shoulder close to his body and butting Steve with it. The blow was enough to get Steve to stumble back, and then Thor hooked his leg and knocked Steve’s out from under him. He fell to the mat with a loud thump, still startled, and before he could scramble away Thor was sitting on him, pinning Steve’s wrists above his head.This was the same way their previous seven matches had ended.Despite his bad record, Steve struggled, pulling at Thor’s grip and snarling and straining, but Thor didn’t even budge, his weight resting comfortably on Steve’s body. Steve, panting hard, gave up the struggle, looking up at Thor’s blue eyes.“Do you yield?” Thor asked, craning his head down. His hair was pulled back, but a few strands had fallen free, dangling down and framing his face.“I yield,” Steve said, resigned. The weight on his wrists disappeared, but Thor lingered where he was, staring down at him with respect and...a strange look in his eyes. After a second, he rose, Steve rolling over on the mats to watch him walk to the corner and stretch out.“One more?”Thor looked at him from over his shoulder. “You desire another round?”“If you’re up for it, yeah.”Thor smiled, not condescendingly, but genuinely. Nobody ever asked to fight with him, Steve knew. He was so strong and fast that there was no point--the others always ended up like him, pinned down under Thor’s bulk. Natasha did a bit better, because she was fast and small and it usually took Thor longer to catch her, but even she couldn’t run forever.“All right,” Thor said, striding back over and holding his hand out to help Steve up. When Steve reached up, Thor hoisted him up like he weighed nothing.To be made to feel so light and delicate and...weak was almost nostalgic to Steve. Before the serum, he’d hated it, hated every time he was made to feel less because of body, and after the procedure, he thought he’d never experience it again. But Thor made him feel fragile--not helpless, but fragile--and the only other person who had done that was Bucky.Bucky, who had held Steve down like it was nothing, who had pinned his body and kept him still while they made love. Bucky, who had been able to hold Steve just how he wanted him while he toyed with him, teased him, touched him, and Steve could do nothing but struggle ineffectually against him. Steve had loved it then--it was the only time when his body, weaknesses and all, had felt right, felt like it was the one made for him.Of course, it had all been kept secret back then. Bucky had been Steve’s first and only man, and would probably be his last. There had been Peggy, and since Steve had woken up, he’d been with a few girls, but no long, serious relationships.And none of the encounters had given Steve any reason to think he’d feel that again, feel that sense of fragility. He was so strong and powerful after the serum--and that had felt right, too, except for certain times, late at night in Bucky’s arms--that he’d had to be careful that he didn’t hurt Bucky, or any of his friends nowadays. Too many times he had accidentally let loose and left Tony with a black eye or Clint with a bruise that showed for a week. Who could Steve possibly expect to be able to hold him down and restrain him when Steve himself was so powerful?As Steve hit the mat again, he realized that Thor certainly could.Thor was lying on him this time, having wrestled him to the ground and fallen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Sparring
Shower Sex
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Size Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

