Chapter 1: Breathe the Air
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The Soldier runs.He can only haunt the bridges overlooking the Potomac for so long before the East Coast sky starts to strangle the air in his lungs.It’s a place looking to know the man he was. A name that once was his sits emblazoned on a wall next to an image of his face. That is his still, at least, if a thing like that could be his simply for existing together with the rest of his body.But that doesn’t feel his either. Everything is too tight.He runs for a long time. Sometimes he does so by pumping his legs as hard and as fast as he can. When circumstances demand it, he stops and takes a few hours of the less accommodating daylight to rest. Biology demands that he procures sustenance and maintains hygiene, and both are tedious in their own very different ways.His feet take him North towards the coast under the aegis of nightfall, and he can taste it when he gets close enough to the East River that the temperature in the air pinches with humidity.It was a hot day. The sweat soaks his hair and has gathered under his arms when he stops at an iron gate with English letters naming the grounds in its keep: “Brooklyn Botanic Garden”. The Soldier sighs and weaves his fingers through the spaces in the R, the D, and the E. His forehead fits squarely against the L and the Y of “Brooklyn”. The K presses against his skin when he turns his head from side to side.He’s tired again. Keeping late hours has allowed him to take the quickest route from D.C. into Brooklyn largely unnoticed, but constant motion has depleted his resources. Sleep sounds like it would solve all of his problems. But he knows better. Brooklyn exists like a ship out over calm waters. He waits for trouble to come, but there’s nothing. Another hour on his feet carries him to the Brooklyn Bridge, and he stands slouched over the railing staring down at the river until the sun rises. The polished wood has the sheen of rain and reflects the overhead lights from the bridge. Atop the structure waves an illuminated American flag, silently stern and judgmental.The Soldier finds himself sneering before he returns his gaze to the water. He imagines falling over the safety rail to the metronome of wind and currents. His knees ache around the lateral collateral and patellar ligaments when he straightens out but the ache in his shoulders and back lifts with just a few steps.He still smells of sweat and vaguely like rust where the rain has mixed with the dirt in his hair, but the wind off the water refreshes him to the fullest capacity that it can. The first hair gelled man in a suit to cross his path generously, unwittingly offers up his wallet. Wonder of wonders, there’s a gym membership card inside it. The Soldier gets himself a shower at Hair Gel’s gym of choice, tools around some on the weights, and takes another shower for the hell of it before leaving the wallet relatively untouched at the front desk.The sun sets early and finds him in the Garment District devouring scorched swordfish and chunks of bell pepper and lemon on a stick he bought from a bright blue truck on Park Avenue. Street food smells and automobile exhaust waft up all around him, the sights and sounds of people mulling about purposefully. A tall woman passes him on the sidewalk with a shaggy dog leading the way on a leash. It sniffs at his leg as they go by and the Soldier watches while he is watched by the animal in turn.He hears her say, “Come on, Cindy.”Sundown in Hell’s Kitchen is another world. At first it could be any place in the continental U.S. after dark, but the cover of night summons all manner of filth from the city. There’s a freeness to it that he’s almost inclined to allow, right up until he can’t.It happens almost too fast for him to understand, like a knee-jerk reaction to pain or heat.A wraith-thin boy reminding him of someone shouts down a pack of men cat-calling a woman across the street. The woman hurries away and the men pursue the boy, follow him behind a deserted tenement building in an unlit part of the district. There’s nothing for the black eye the Soldier’s too late to prevent. Certainly no reason to care about the odds stacked against this kid with panic and courageous anger in his heart. Good deeds go punished all the time.Except he knows as his metal fist lands another blow on one guy’s face. Knows he’s seen photographs of Rogers before he was Captain America, knows the story of the boy who fought the bullies.Knows that scrawny kid from Brooklyn got a pounding more often than he could count. Knows that kid kept count anyway as a force of habit. Doesn’t know how he could know that, but he’s sure of it, somehow. People like that remember. Rogers remembers everything, unlike him.“Whoa,” the kid in the here-and-now says, somewhere behind him, vaguely.He lets the last of the four go and watches the other three, not satisfied really but something t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-CA:TWS
Marvel Comics - Freeform
Suicidal Thoughts
Bees
Tourism
Hydra (Marvel)
Crime Fighting
Knives
Guns
Explosions
Flashbacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trust Issues
Ableist Language
Post-Season/Series 01
Paranoia
Friendship
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Multiple Crossovers
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Recovering
POV Bucky Barnes
Gun Violence
Blood and Gore
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Breaking the Fourth Wall
Identity Reveal
Braille
Laundry
Domestic Fluff
Dreams and Nightmares
Harm to Animals
Other: See Story Notes
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Marijuana
Prison
Violence
Books
Fake Science
Body Horror
Amputation
Courtroom Drama
Shippy Gen
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Avocados at Law
Bucky Barnes-centric
The Trial of Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
None
