Work Text:
Foggy’s been turned down before. Honestly, he’s probably been turned down more often than a bedspread at this point. He’d been turned down the first time in kindergarten, when he’d told Suzie Stapleton that he liked her hair and offered to share his graham crackers with her. She’d kicked sand in his face, told him he had cooties, and stolen his graham crackers anyway. This is worse than that.
 
He’d never even planned on telling Matt. He was cool with the whole unrequited love thing. He’s had plenty of practice, starting with Suzie Stapleton. He rocks the whole unrequited love thing and all of its many, many suckitudes. And sure, Matt’s the longest-standing crush (so, so much more than a crush) that he’s ever had, but he’s also the longest functional relationship that Foggy’s managed to hold onto, and he’s not about to throw that down the tube for the chance of some sorely desired macking. Unfortunately Matt and his stupid lie-detecting super ears can’t even let him wallow in peace.
 
It’s a joke, just Matt being the brat that he is, trying to laugh off the fact that he stumbled into Foggy’s apartment at three o’clock in the morning with a busted up lip and a bruised rib. “Honestly man, people are going to think I’m beating you. You’re going to have to testify in my defense when I get nailed for domestic violence.” Foggy jokes because it’s better than crying and begging Matt to put away the mask, please, before Foggy finds him in a body bag instead of on his couch. And Matt laughs and says, “No one would ever believe you hit me, Foggy. You love me too much.” And even without his freaky heartbeat-hearing thing, Matt would probably have figured it out. Foggy’s usually better at hiding it (he’s had a lot of practice), but he’s tired and upset and hurting, and so his laugh is too quick and loud, and so is his heartbeat. Matt freezes. “Oh.”
 
Matt is so kind about it too. He gently prods and pushes and Foggy knows he’s already busted, and he hopes that maybe if Matt knows what he is doing to Foggy he might be more careful. And Matt looks sadder and sadder the more Foggy talks, about law school and inside jokes and Matt being so beautiful it hurts sometimes. By the time Foggy finishes Matt looks gutted, worse than he’s ever looked after a fight. “Foggy.” He whispers. “I can’t… I mean, I don’t… I want…” He scrubs a hand over his face, hissing when it bumps against the split in his lip. He licks it, red and swollen, and looks up at Foggy with eyes so big and pleading, and Foggy has never wanted to kiss him quite so much as he does in that moment. Matt looks like he might cry when he whispers, 
“I’m so sorry.” 
 The way he says it says more than the words ever could. There is guilt and misery and a thick compassion. Of course, even then, stomach swooping and legs like jelly, Foggy is Foggy. He has to dig the hole deeper, put that final nail in the coffin. “So, nothing? No, like, latent homosexual urges? No subconscious pining that is only now coming to the surface in light of these revelations? Nothing?”  He asks voice going for light and coming out desperate, and Matt really is crying now, like he’s the one getting his heart trampled on. “I’m so sorry.” He says again, and Foggy closes his eyes for a moment, hearing the death knell without any bells. Then he takes a deep breath, opens his eyes, and smiles. He knows Matt can’t see it, but Foggy has to do it anyway so he can pretend everything’s okay. Foggy’s heart is broken, but Matt’s ribs are only bruised, and that is the only thing that matters. “It’s okay. I’ll get the iodine.” And Matt doesn’t say anything. He just sits there, crying, while Foggy gets the bandages and the iodine. It’s not okay. Matt must know Foggy’s lying. Matt always knows. 
 The first day back is excruciating. For a lawyer living a double life as a masked vigilante, Matt is a remarkably awful liar. Matt says nothing’s wrong when Karen asks him why he’s looking so miserable. Then he gives this horrible car crash of a smile and shuffles off into his office like he’s got the weight of the world on his shoulders. “Catholic guilt.” Foggy says glibly when she asks him. “They’ve always got something to self-flagellate over.” When he and Karen go to get lunch, Matt bows out, saying that he’s packed something, even though he would had to have hidden it in his pockets because he forgot his briefcase. Matt gives that shattered smile again and types away at the keyboard, attached to the computer that is not actually on, until Foggy rolls his eyes and drags Karen out. By the end of the day, Foggy is at the end of his rope. “Look, Matt, you need to relax. I’m not going to jump you, okay? I mean, if I even tried to, I get the feeling I’d be walking away from it a lot worse than you would, freaky ninja powers and all, but it’s a moot point because I’m not going to jump you.” No matter how much Foggy might want to. Matt winces. “That’s not—I mean, I know you wouldn’t do that, it’s just…” Foggy sighs
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Love Confessions
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Jealousy
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

