Work Text:
   "Why," is all that comes from Steve's mouth, the killjoy, when Tony comes back to the Avengers mansion fresh from a Tokyo conference. So much for a warm welcome from their inspiring leader.Personally, Tony blames Bucky, because ever since Bucky and Steve found each other again, Steve's kind of become less reliant to go along with his schemes, and more adverse to cramping his style and stopping him. Not that Bucky and Steve aren't a touching story. (The paparazzi has been skulking around the mansion for weeks and God, Tony won't even Google them anymore since that one time with the photoshopped pictures.) It's just they're both so old fashioned. Seriously, who actually watches the movie on a movie date?"I'm going to hope for the sake of our working relationship, which includes a magical cross-time friendship and my fragile ego, that you're referring to Thor's present that I'm holding and not that I've finally returned home." Steve just gives a dismissive snort, above Tony's bullshit , and ok: maybe Bucky has some positive influences on him, because this Steve is totally ballsy."I'm starting to think humility is a foreign word to you, never mind your ego." Steve hesitantly reaches out and takes the object in Tony’s arms to survey it. 'It' being a pillow upon which was an almost frighteningly accurate illustration of Loki, their on-and-off again nemesis. "I don't--how did you even get this? Who would MAKE this?" Clearly Steve doesn't find the attention-to-detail on Loki's costume as hilarious as Tony does, which whatever. Like he said. Killjoy."Apparently we're big in Japan, and so are our villains. Loki's got some weird fanclub over there. You'd be horrified at half the positions I found him in in Akihabara. Which reminds me--don't turn him over."It's two seconds too late, and Tony gets to witness the adjunct horror and confusion on Steve's face. (Which is really uncalled for; Tony actually feels offended for Loki.) Tony knows—well, everyone does nowadays—that Steve and Bucky's relationship is so much more of the Let's-tell-even-though-no-one-asked variety, so it can't be the fact that Loki's naked. Well, mostly naked."Why is he only wearing his helmet? No, wait, don't tell me—and don't tell me what's on his face." Ears burning, Steve all but shoves Loki back into Tony's arms. "You cannot give that to Thor. You'll mentally scar him.""He doesn't have to see the other side! I didn't even notice it until TSA started some shit storm—which I’m probably going to hear about from Fury later, by the way—""How can you not notice that? He's only wearing a helmet.""I may have been drunk and there may have been two lovely female scientists who—""No, do not finish that sentence," Steve interrupts, staring as Tony places the Loki pillow down, mostly-clothed side on the couch. "Get rid of it now.""Do you know how lucky I was to even get this? Apparently Loki sells out fast and I had to bribe the shop-keeper to part with this last one. Even when I told him I was Iron Man, and reminded him that he was lucky I wasn't bringing in a storm of lawyers about the blatant copyright infringement going on there. I mean, do you know they had these of all of us? Except Hulk, but I feel like I just have to go to the right store for him." Tony adjusts the pillow so that it's turned towards them. "I was actually tempted to buy one of each of us. Would've been a hell of a gag gift.""What would we do with them? Why would we want them?" Steve is blatantly glossing over the fact that people are buying pillows with him printed on them in indecent poses but Tony can predict that it's going to come up in conversation with Bucky later. "Are we all like…" Steve gestures at Loki as if he's actually there. "That?""You at least had the shield? Also they grossly misrepresented how the Iron Man armor comes off. It doesn't just split down the middle like that," Tony explains thoughtfully. Steve splutters but Tony continues on because seriously? He has seen so much worse over the years, and besides: no one else is around to listen. "Yeah, the shield was a lot smaller than it is when you carry it. Also, your eyes aren't ever brimming with tears usually. I mean jeez, I almost felt guilt from the way you were looking at me. Well, not you, but pillow-you. I guess that's a thing? The whole please don't bad touch me thing you had going. Not as bad as Natasha though, I mean that was just an unashamed lie about her cup s—""Just get rid of it before Thor sees it!" Steve hisses, looking at Tony desperately, as if willing some kind of sense into Tony. Whatever, ha, eccentric billionaire playboy philanthropist, this kind of thing came with the territory. "He'll be home any minute. Just—"Of course that's when Thor walks in from where ever he goes off too with that S.H.I.E.L.D scientist these days, waving amicably and booming, "Starkson, it is good to see you have returned! We shall have much merriment and feasting for your home-coming!"It takes about less t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Crack
so much crack
Slash
Pseudo-Incest
Tony is actually the best Avenger to go to for advice (sometimes)
Japanese love pillows and family therapy of sorts

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor

