Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was woken up by an alarm that he had never heard in his whole life. 
He groaned and after a quick glance at the clock he put his head under the pillow. It had only been seven hours since the Soldier had left, four since he’d gone to bed, and he was pretty sure that he had no meetings today. There should be no alarm today.
He tried to ignore it but when the beeping didn’t stop he groaned. “Jarvis. Make that stop!” The beeping continued but it was toned down a bit. 
“Sir, I think you would like to look at that” Jarvis answered and in that moment Tony remembered what that special beeping was for. 
When he had first installed Jarvis into his home he had set up an alert for the Soldier. If he was ever caught on tape Jarvis would notify him and start the alarm that was currently making too much noise. When Tony remembered that he finally sat up. 
“Show me” he demanded without even bothering to get out of bad and Jarvis pulled up the recording of a street camera. 
The Soldier was standing in the middle of the street and he was armed. He blew up a car and then went to rip off the door of said car but he obviously didn’t find what he was looking for. A few seconds later he was collected by some people and they drove away before the police could arrive. 
Tony replayed the video several times before he had the thought to ask who was in the car. 
“Sir, that is Director Fury’s car” Jarvis told him and wasn’t that just the biggest surprise ever. 
Tony had secretly suspected that the Soldier was working for Shield but that didn’t seem to be the case. 
“Jarvis, full access to all Shield server. Find out what Fury’s status is and dig as deep as you can to find something about the Soldier.” 
The time for respecting the Soldier’s privacy was totally over now. Tony was going to find out who the hell he worked for and then he was most likely getting him out of there. It took only a few minutes before Jarvis presented his findings. 
“Sir, Director Fury’s whereabouts are unknown. I could find nothing about the Soldier.” 
If no one knew where Fury was then that meant he wanted it that way. Which implied that something fishy was going on with Shield. Tony decided not to think too hard about the fact that the Soldier wasn’t working for Shield. 
“Who was the last person Fury had contact to?” Tony asked and a second later the image of Maria Hill flickered over the screen. “Where is she now?” 
“On her way to Washington, Sir. Shall I contact her?” 
Tony thought about that but in the end he decided against it. Shield would take care of Fury. He had to find out everything he could about the Soldier now. 
“Was there no record of the Soldier before this happened?” Tony inquired and started to get dressed. 
“No. But I only used video and photos as point of reference.” 
Tony tsked. It was time to dig deeper than that. “Search every accessible databank for descriptions of the Soldier. Concentrate on the metal arm, the mask and the leather.” 
“Certainly, Sir.” 
Tony went to his kitchen to fix himself some breakfast even though it was late in the day. While he waited for his toast he impatiently drummed his finger onto the counter. This was not good. The Soldier had told him that something was going to happen, he had known that something wasn’t right, and Tony could only guess that he meant this. 
If this truly was the first time that the Soldier made such a bold appearance in the open then it had to mean that something big was going down; something that would make the secretive nature of the Soldier’s work obsolete.
“Jarvis, I also want you to keep an eye out for anything regarding Fury” Tony mentioned absentmindedly while he buttered his toast. 
“I already set up a program for that” Jarvis answered but Tony barely acknowledged it, munching on his toast  . His thoughts were still with the Soldier. 
If whoever he worked for had kept him secret for the longest time and now shoved him out in the open it had to mean that his work was nearly done. That there would be no use for him anymore. 
If that was really the case Tony had to do something. Bring him in, get him away from his handlers. But before he could do that he needed to know who exactly the Soldier was working for. He really hoped that Jarvis would find out more. 
In the meantime he tried hard to concentrate on Mark 43 because he suspected that he would need a functioning suit soon enough. 
When Jarvis finally announced that he had found something Tony let out a breath of relieve. It had taken so long that he had feared there was nothing to know about the Soldier. 
“Show me” Tony demanded and Jarvis brought up everything he had found. It wasn’t much, but what Tony could see was old. 
“There is also a large part of the Shield database that I can’t get into. It seems to be separated from the normal Shield server and it is very well hidden. I doubt anyone who didn’t look would find it.” 
“Start finding a way in” Tony ordered and concentrated on the things Jarvi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Hydra
Assassination
Files
Emotional Hurt
Drinking
Guilt
Drunken Confessions
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Loss of Control
Missions
Taking Risks
getting hurt
Flashbacks
Getting Together
Injury

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

