Work Text:
It’s a strange, strange, turn of events that Tony isn’t even remotely surprised that Loki is sitting at his kitchen table, sniffing distastefully at him. Weirdly enough, he’s just surprised that Loki’s alone, no villainous boyfriend/ally of the month with him. He is more than a little shocked to see him shift and oh hey, if he didn’t know any better that was a baby bump on Thor’s little brother. Tony actually blinks back the hangover and strains to see if maybe it’s a trick of the light. “I understand that for you Midgardians basic manners are just too much for you to comprehend, but do try and refrain from staring.” Loki clips, and Tony automatically backpedals slightly when he does look up. Default expression of annoyance aside, he almost seems…calm.Loki and calm are really two words that Tony rarely uses in a sentence together despite Thor’s insistence that Loki’s the more rational one. Because really, it’s very rational to turn a whole street of cars (one of which was Tony’s brand new Lotus Evora) into ice-cream. The last thing Tony had felt like doing as he watched the beautiful, beautiful machine start to melt into the gutters was the need to be rational or any sense of calm whatsoever.“Have you really never seen a man pregnant before?” Loki actually has the nerve to look put-upon, as if this wasn’t his house and he didn’t just break-in and enter, and wasn’t you know, PREGNANT.“We haven’t really gotten that advanced in medicine yet…” Tony mutters, tilting his head and trying to rack his brain for any possible explanation for this to be a prank. It has to be right? There’s no way men can get pregnant in Asgard—Thor would’ve told him. Unless he forgot, he tends to leave out helpful pieces of information about Asgard and his brother in general until it’s too late. Tony makes a mental note to try and prompt earlier next time. Like about fertility rates in Asgardian males and not that he’s really worried or anything but there may have been this one time…“It’s not yours.” Loki cuts-in immediately, rising up from the chair easily with a snort. It mystifies Tony that maybe, just maybe Loki’s done this…before. “I just need somewhere to stay until the baby’s born. This maybe too much for you understand since apparently basic pregnancy mystifies you, but a life of being constantly on the move and having to put up with you lot encroaching upon my plans isn’t exactly a good influence on a child. Best to keep stress levels low.” Loki’s rooting through his fridge before Tony can even blink, and something tells him, this is a very, very bad idea. But then again, the idea of kicking out an at-times mentally unstable Norse god who’s probably running on pregnancy hormones would probably not go so good either.Thankfully Thor’s signature boot stomping echoes nearby and the big guy just strolls in with a smile and a wave.“Greetings friend!” He booms even though Tony’s headache throbs in protest and he claps him on the shoulder hard enough that Tony stumbles slightly. He laughs and turns to the kitchen, pausing as Loki hipchecks the fridge door closed and just raises a brow back at him. Tony doesn’t move, waits for a response. Maybe this is a first for Thor, he doesn’t look like he expect Loki to be—“Brother, you should be resting!” Thor looks almost aghast as if he’s the pregnant one, and rushes to take the loaded plates of leftovers, “if you seek provisions, tell me and I shall fetch them for you!” “Thor, I am pregnant not suddenly paralyzed, I can do well on my own. I have done enough on my own before have I not?” To Loki’s credit, there’s actually only a little bitterness in his voice, and it’s only at the last part of the statement. If anything he just seems amused at Thor’s antics.“Brother, you know that I regret ever instance that I was not able to aid you—” Thor pleads, looking more than a little comical with all the dishes in his hands, trying to balance the plates while finding a place to set them down, Tony can’t bring himself to laugh though, this is all too surreal for him.“Question,” He feels some moral obligation to stop Thor before he starts to sound like something off of daytime TV, well that and a burning curiosity that is probably going to get him a hammer to the head, “Why is he pregnant?”The pitying look Thor spares him almost balances out the look of sheer condescension that Loki gives him. “Are they really so ignorant on Midgard, they don’t know how to produce offspring?” Loki deadpans, looking more like he usually does on any other given day and it makes Tony relax for some strange reason, “do you honestly need us to explain how basic intercourse works?”The fact Thor brightens at the prospect to actually be able to explain something to Tony for once instead of the other way around is more than a little disconcerting.“Ha ha, I know how sex works. I’m just not sure how men can become pregnant since last I checked…that is physically impossible.” Tony thinks it’s a good defense, but the two god
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
past Tony Stark/Loki
Mpreg
Crack
Tony Stark will not stand for this pregnant gods craziness
but then he does anyway

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor

