Work Text:
Matt's heart skips a beat when he meets Foggy Nelson.
He feels it, an aching stillness in his chest and then a quick, painful clench, and suddenly instead of hearing two pulses in the room he hears only one, both their hearts beating to the same rhythm. It trips and quickens and Matt knows that's his fault, not Foggy's. He leans his forehead on the end of his cane and tries to breathe through it.
"You're my new-- Oh," Foggy's saying, and Matt knows what that tone of voice means, knows the way Foggy's steps falter halfway to him. There's silence, just the rapid rise and fall of Foggy's breath and the dual pounding of their hearts. "Do you--" He hesitates. "Did you feel that?"
Matt shuts his eyes and is grateful that the sunglasses will hide at least that much from Foggy. He hear's Stick's voice echoing across the years, telling him that he had to learn to control his feelings or they'd control him, telling him that emotions were a weakness and he couldn't afford to be anything but strong. And then driving that point home by leaving, showing first hand the sort of devastation that emotional attachments could leave in their way.
He lifts his head up, forces a smile, makes it quizzical and a little confused. "Feel what?"
His pulse -- their pulse -- pounds in his ears. Foggy just breathes for a moment, and then he gives a half breath, like a sigh or a laugh. "Must be indigestion. A word to the wise, avoid the dining hall's tacos. Contrary to popular belief, there is such a thing as a bad taco, and it lives right here in Manhattan."
"Duly noted," Matt says, and makes himself smile through that, too. "I think I've got antacids in one of my boxes?"
Foggy laughs a little. His footsteps move across the room and the springs on his bed squeak. "Nah, man, it's cool. I'm sure it'll pass. Oh, shit! I'm in!"
Matt lowers himself onto the edge of his bed, lets himself respond, lets the conversation move on from there. Yes, he thinks, as Foggy starts going on about how there are a hundred and thirty million people in the world he wants to be able to make a meaningful connection with. I'm sure it will pass.
They always have before, one way or another.


*
"No! No, no, no, no." Foggy is drunk, clinging to Matt's side, breathing into his shoulder, wheeling off only to spin back like a moon in orbit. "Are you trying to tell me that you didn't take Spanish to snuggle up to, what's her name, the Greek girl?"
Matt is no less sober. He's drunk enough not to find a reason to keep distance between them, drunk enough to let himself lean on Foggy just as much as Foggy leans on him. Drunk enough to enjoy it, without a thought for the consequences that will follow. It's just Foggy, warm and laughing and vibrantly alive, and their pulse is slow and easy from the alcohol sliding through their veins. It makes everything easy.
"Whatever happened to her?" Foggy asks earnestly. "Did you two, y'know--" and the air moves by Matt's face.
Matt reaches up and catches Foggy's hand where he's wiggling his fingers at him. Matt's lost track of the conversation, but he doesn't need context to know what that gesture implies. Foggy's trying to ask if they bonded, and his words are light but his heart's in his throat. His heart's in Matt's throat.
"It didn't work out," he says, and he doesn't need to remember which girl they're talking about now, because the answer's always the same. They never work out. They can't.
"When does it ever with you?" Foggy demands, scoffing, and Matt's drunk enough that he panics, for just a moment convinced that they share more than a heartbeat now, that Foggy can slip into his head and know his thoughts as easily as he does his own, that he's known the truth this entire time. 
"How can I help you?" Foggy asks, and that's earnest, too. Maybe too earnest, because he's quiet for a beat and then he says, "What are you looking for, my young padawan?" in a Yoda voice.
Foggy can't help but be genuine, every minute of his life. He jokes to cover up the moments when he's being honest but doesn't want anyone to know it. He hooks his arm through Matt's and asks him what are you looking for and makes it sound like a joke, but Matt knows he means it. He wants to know what Matt wants. He felt the bond form, that first day in their dorm room, of course he did. It doesn't take enhanced senses to know what it means when you look at someone and your heart trips in your chest. He wants to know how it's possible for Matt to be his soulmate, if he isn't Matt's. He wants to know what Matt's looking for, and he never adds, if it's not me, but it doesn't matter because Matt hears it anyway.
"I don't know," Matt tells him, too quiet, too genuine. He's too tired to lie about this, not tonight. Not when the night's so cold and his blood's so hot and Foggy is so warm at his side. "I guess just someone I really like listening to."


*
"I trust you," Foggy says, and his voice is quiet beneath the music playing over the speakers at Josie's but it s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Kissing
First Kiss
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

