Work Text:
Tony held up a hand that effectively put an end to the endless flow of words that were mostly composed of nervous babble anyway."You do realize I was kidding the other day when I said you and Bucky share everything, right?"Steve hesitated, then nodded slowly. Tony waited, but no words seemed forthcoming to explain--not that he needed any to be honest--so he continued."So," he said shortly, not wanting to give anything away just yet because a flustered Cap was absolutely adorable. The red creeping up his neck matched that on his cheeks and tips of his ears, and Tony was going to hold off until all points met up. "You want to... share." It wasn't a question. Steve visibly swallowed and nodded. "Me." And there was the blush Tony was waiting for, covering all of Steve's fair skin. He had to work to suppress his grin."Only if you're... You know. Want it," Steve stuttered."And you come into my office at SI--for the third time ever in the two years we've been together, might I add--to ask this?" Tony was having much too fun teasing Cap. He'll think about how Cap's suggestion was going to blow his fucking mind, later on. For now..."I figured I'd give you the upper hand, and the workshop was too... Personal. I didn't want to create any negative associations," Steve answered, ever the tactician. Tony tented his fingers in front of his mouth."You've thought about this a lot," he observed, and yes, Steve couldn't have done anything but plan this as carefully as any mission, right down to the outfit he wore which was a pleasant surprise when he'd showed up. Tony almost thought he'd forgotten a lunch date. Steve shrugged. "Overthought it, really," Tony added."Huh?" Steve blinked, and Tony laughed. He stood and rounded his desk, appropriating Steve's lap to straddle. His arms encircled Steve neck loosely, and he kissed his mouth."You. Are. Adorable," he teased in a murmur. "Is this your first threesome?" He'd meant to tease, but a grin quirked the embarrassed set to Steve's mouth."Well, umm... Not really?" Steve hedged. Tony's brows lifted. "The, uh, USO girls..." He didn't have to finish because Tony's jaw dropped, and for a moment, he was frozen, too stunned to speak while he tried to comprehend that.And then he laughed, loud and real."So no on a threesome, but yes on an orgy with, what? Thirty hot dames?""Not all of them," Steve said, grinning now. "Also I just kind of watched and let them... You know." This was a story Tony needed to hear, but Steve continued before he could voice his thoughts. "And none of them were you, so."Tony smiled fondly. "Cute and sweet," he said and kissed Steve again. "But you are not getting out of telling me that story. Spill, Cap." Steve was outright grinning now."This is not an appropriate conversation for your office," was his highly hypocritical reprimand. Tony barked a laugh."And what? Propositioning me to a threesome with Bucky fucking Barnes is?"Steve laughed, his embarrassment entirely gone now. "No, but I figured we already used up our quota of inappropriate discussions for today.""See these four walls, Steve?" Tony waved around the room. "These mean I can have as many inappropriate discussions as I want." Then he leered at Steve. "I can do quite a lot of inappropriate things in here, to be honest." Steve chuckled."I'm sure you have. Not quite sure you will ever again." And didn't that warm the cockles of Tony's heart. Not that Steve would never concede to office sex, but that he was determined that Tony would never have the chance to have office sex with anyone else ever again."I could try to convince you, you know," he murmured, leaning closer. He dipped his eyes low and subtly ground himself against Steve. A growl rumbled at the chest beneath Tony's fingers, and he was sure that with a few minutes more of teasing, he'd get Steve to cave.But then someone knocked.Tony groaned and lifted himself off of Steve. It would just be Pepper, he knew, but if anyone deserved the last sliver of shame Tony held towards her, it was Steve. He brushed himself off and called for her to enter. "So when do you want me?" he asked Steve while she hovered in the doorway. His smile was still much of a leer."Tonight?" Steve asked as he stood. His eyes darted to Pepper as if to confirm that he was free.Tony grinned and leaned close for a kiss. "Tonight," he confirmed, his voice a breathy promise.……………..Steve told him to meet them on his floor which disappointed Tony the tiniest bit but only because all of the fun stuff was back up on his. But then again, he was going to be having hot, kinky (if he was lucky) sex with one and a half supersoldiers, the second of which permanently sported Tony’s tech on his body, so Tony supposed he shouldn’t be greedy.He didn’t know what this would actually mean between all three of them: if it was sex, plain and simple, or if there was something more because there was no denying that Bucky and Steve had history, however platonic it may be. Quite honestly, he’d c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Porn Without Plot
Steve is not a shrinking violet
Deepthroating
Spitroasting
Double Penetration
tiny tiny bit of objectification and dirty talk

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

