Chapter 1: Let There Be Rock
    




Chapter Text
It’s not that he didn’t think someone could pull a prank on SHIELD. It’s that he didn’t think anyone who knew about SHIELD would, but Steve is pretty sure it’s not standard procedure to play rowdy rock music at top volume in SHIELD headquarters. Especially not when they managed to get Steve to come in, trying to convince him to join up. (He refused.)It doesn’t help that each computer seems to be playing the same song at different intervals which means he has no idea what the words are because everything clashes so bad into more of a noise bath than most modern music is already. Steve’s got certain opinions about modern music.It takes them about an hour to get every computer silent and uninstall the prompts that had caused the mayhem. In the same hour, they’ve tracked down the culprit. And somehow Steve is still here.“So that’s him?”“That’s him,” the handler says mildly.Steve stares through a pane of one way glass into the interrogation room. The kid in the chair doesn’t look too worried. He’s slumped in it, head propped on his raised fist. The cuff around his wrist has to be for show because Steve would bet those thin fingers could slide right through it. He looks bored, like he’s got no idea just how much trouble he’s in, but something tells Steve he really does. He just doesn’t care – or doesn’t want them to know he does.The agent sitting across from the kid keeps tapping his pen on the table with growing impatience as the kid either ignores his questions or mouths off. They don’t seem to be getting anywhere.“Who showed you how to do it?”“Pft. Like anyone had to show me.”There’s a good amount of pride in the kid’s voice, all bravado and confidence. He doesn’t think it’s faked. Or, if it is, it’s not the skill that’s faked. It reminds him a little of Bucky. And then it doesn’t at all because Steve has enough problems without remembering Bucky. He folds his arms as he watches the kid keep deflecting and aggravating like he’s been trained to do so.“Why am I here?” Steve asks after another few minutes because really, it’s not like he’s all that experienced with teenagers. He remembers being one and he doesn’t think he dealt with his age mates particularly well then, either. Besides, he doesn’t actually work for SHIELD (“Yet,” Fury keeps telling him), as much as they would like him to.“We thought maybe trying someone with a little more… friendliness might help loosen him up,” the handler replies blandly. Steve keeps having trouble remembering the guy’s name. He knows it’s rude, but the guy is kind of forgettable except for his whole uncomfortable fascination with Captain America.“You’re kidding.”“Just try it.”“When are you guys going to get it through your heads that I don’t work for you?”“Consider it a favor for a fan.”“This better not be a ploy to get-”The agent in the room abruptly lunges across the table at the kid. Steve moves before he’s thinking, slamming the door open with his shoulder. He grabs two handfuls of the agent’s jacket and jerks him off the kid, tossing him bodily across the room. The handler- Coulson, that’s his name- Coulson’s right after him and as Steve puts himself between the agent and the kid, Coulson drags the guy up and out of the interrogation room.Leaving Steve with a surly teenage boy that now sported a busted lip. Great. What the hell is his life anymore.The two of them eye each other as the kid tongues the bleeding slit in his lip like it doesn’t hurt. Awkwardly, Steve drags out his handkerchief and offers it but the kid just looks at him like he’s nuts. His eyes narrow and Steve absently catalogues the deep brown color. His hair is darker, near black, short on the sides and back, fluffy and slightly curly on top, falling over his forehead and into his eyes. Thin face, strong jaw, slight dimple in the chin that’s sure to deepen as he ages. Thick brows, thick lashes. Steve puts him at maybe sixteen, barest edge of uneven stubble on his chin, but he really isn’t great at guessing when it comes to kids (or women, for that matter.) About the only ones he ever had much contact with were Bucky’s sisters and they’d cheerfully told him their ages often enough to keep straight.“Guess you ate your vegetables, huh, He-Man?” the kid drawls out as he leans back in his chair, letting it rest precariously on the back legs. He’s gone back to being lazy and guarded.Steve doesn’t get the reference but he’s pretty sure the kid would use that against him somehow. He sits down in the chair the agent vacated. “Guess so. Got a name, pal?”“Maybe. Do you, pal?”“Steve.” He considers what it might take to impress a kid and adds, “Captain Steve Rogers.”The kid blinks once and something shifts. Abruptly, he’s not amused anymore. “Really? You poor soul. Patriotic parents?”“Well, my father served if that’s what you mean.” He’s not sure what that has to do with anything.“Your buddies tease you about it?”“About my father?”The kid scoffs like Steve’s stupid and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Kid Tony Stark
Steve is not working for SHIELD
no really
He totally isn't
not even a little
Steve is so done with the future
Pairing is eventual
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
PTSD
Slow Build
Steve has terrible coping mechanisms
Tony's not much better
References to Abuse
Flashback
Violence
Loki is a dick
Avengers rehashing
Mind Control
Child Abuse
Time Travel
Sterilization
General 1940s suck
Jossing of various other MCU films
Sam Wilson is a fuckin gift
Steve is super bisexual
This is not a thing I will ever give up
Zip ties kinda suck
Responsibility with a capital R
Steve Rogers' A++ Ideas
Peggy Carter is a BAMF
Torture
Winter Soldier rehashing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

