Work Text:
Clint was on the front porch with a copy of Animal Farm in his lap when a familiar voice said, “Orwell, huh? Have you gotten to the part with Squealer yet?”“I’m barely past page ten,” Clint sighed without looking up, but he automatically dropped his feet to make room on the porch swing. Phil sat down beside him, his knee nudged up against Clint’s thigh. “It’s a decent read,” Phil said, “but if Mr. Gatwell asks about Cold War themes on the test, you better have your shit together.”Clint rolled his eyes. “Pigs and Communism? Seriously? I miss reading Shakespeare.”“Somewhere Gatwell’s crying with joy and doesn’t know why.” Phil laughed in the quiet, easy way he had. Clint finally glanced over, and found Phil watching him with a giddy look in his eyes.“What?” Clint asked. “Did the Prom Committee finally start leaving you the fuck alone about being a co-chair?”Phil smiled sheepishly, ducked his head as he rubbed at his neck. He was so rarely shy around Clint that it threw him for a moment. Then he looked up at Clint from under his lashes and said softly, “So, uh, remember Harvard?”“No, I have no idea what that is, since you’ve never, ever mentioned it a billion and a half times,” Clint drawled while his heart immediately flew into his throat. Phil’s smile widened. “I got in. My acceptance packet came in the mail today.”And there it was, the moment Clint had been dreading for the last year or so. Of course Phil would get into Harvard; he was the valedictorian, student body president, honor society treasurer—it would’ve been a damn miracle if he hadn’t gotten in. Clint turned the worn book over in his hands, thinking of the two years of high school he had left, and how Phil was just going to be...gone. “That’s awesome, dude,” he replied with a forced grin. “Congrats.” He wanted to reach out and hug Phil, but hesitated, scared of being too obvious, too awkward.Phil made it all a moot point as he tackled Clint in a bear hug that nearly sent them tumbling off the swing. “Fuck, I can’t believe it’s really happening,” he murmured into Clint’s hair, his hands splayed wide over Clint’s back. Clint gave in for the moment and tucked his face into the warm curve of Phil’s neck. Neither can I, he thought, but he whispered out loud, “You deserve it all.”~~Clint didn’t remember the exact moment he’d fallen in love with Phil Coulson. Maybe it’d happened the day Clint came home with his (third) foster family and there was a skinny guy standing in the driveway of the house next door, hands shoved in the pockets of his jeans as he’d watched Clint climb out of the Wilsons' minivan. When Clint met his eyes, the guy had simply smiled and waved. The Wilsons turned out to be a good foster family, the best one Clint had ever had. They were older, with grown children who had lives of their own. James Wilson read lots of books, and Marcia Wilson liked to knit while she watched reruns of CSI. They liked Clint, even though he was thirteen and already had an arrest to his name.But the best thing about the Wilsons was that they lived next door to the Coulsons. Phil was the oldest of three, and two years older than Clint. He didn’t seem to care that Clint was a scrawny, angry kid who just wanted to be left alone, seriously, fuck. Phil had ignored him and thrown a basketball at Clint that first night when Clint was huddled on the front porch, smoking and trying not to let Marcia catch him.“That stuff’ll kill you,” Phil had said. He’d been taller than Clint, a little broader in the shoulders. He had very blue eyes that made him look like he was always on the verge of smirking.“Thanks, Einstein,” Clint had muttered back around his cigarette, and he’d kicked the basketball back at Phil.“You don’t wanna play?”“No.”“C’mon, I’m bored. I’m not very good, anyway, you’ll probably beat me.”Clint had shrugged. He’d flicked ash into the rose bushes lining the porch, then felt guilty and stubbed the cigarette out before he’d smoked half of it. “What’s your name, anyway?” Phil had asked. He’d started absently dribbling the ball on the walk in front of Clint. He didn’t seem like he was all that bad at it.“Clint,” he’d said, even though he’d initially told himself he wouldn’t say.“I’m Phil.”“Yeah, I know.”“Really?”“Marcia told me. She loves you guys.”Phil had grinned. “Yeah, she’s pretty cool. You’re lucky you get to live with them.”Clint had felt his jaw tighten. “You don’t know—”“Did James show you his model trains yet? They’re awesome, he’s been working on them for, like, twenty years or something. You should ask him about it.” Phil had suddenly held the ball with one hand and spun it on his finger. Clint had blinked.Then Phil had thrown the ball to him again, this time adding, “Best two out of three. I’ll let you shoot first, how ‘bout it?”Clint had wanted to tell him to fuck off. Instead, he’d played basketball in the Coulson’s driveway until the sun went down. When he’d awkwardly shrugged one shoulder and said, “I gotta go, not supposed to out 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Pining
Clint Barton has a lot of feelings
grossly self-indulgent fic
bb boys in love

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts

