Work Text:
“No. No, I flat out refuse.” Matt rolled onto his face, squishing into the carpet, trying to make himself invisible. It was like when a kid put their hands over their eyes. I can’t see you, you can’t see me. He snorted, inhaling something truly revolting on the dorm room carpet. It was funny because he couldn’t see anything.“Coward!” Foggy exclaimed, poking him in the rips. “A cowardly coward!”“Shit, fine.” Matt sat up, nearly knocking his beer over as he groped for his phone and switched it on. “Call Allison.”“Do you want to call, Gwyneth?” the simulated voice asked.“No! No, call Allison.”Foggy was practically hysterical next to him.“Calling, Whitney.”“Oh my god, Murdock, how many girl’s numbers are on that phone?”Matt was trying desperately to hang up, but his fingers weren’t working quite right. “A lot. Shit, I can’t hang up.”“Whitney’s the redhead from month before last, right?”“Yes. Shit.” Hands, do the hanging up thing.“Meh. She’ll work.”“Hello, this is Whitney,” said the phone. “I’m not here right now, you know what to do.”There was a little beep and Matt sighed, mouthing I hate you in Foggy’s general direction. “‘Ello, sexy lady,” he said into the speaker in his best (and most horrible) French accent. “It is I, your ex lover, here too tell you that your mother was a hamster, and your father stank of elderberries!”Foggy cackled as Matt hung up, rolling around on the floor. “Fucking classic. Okay, okay, your turn.”“Truth or dare?” He felt like this game was going to end with their dorm on fire and the two of them fleeing to Denmark to avoid murder and arson charges.“Dare! Hit me, brother!”“I dare you… To tell your mom that you’re pregnant.”Foggy howled, seeming to shake the whole room with his laughter. He stole Matt’s phone, his fingers tap-tap-tapping away at the keys. “Mom,” he read out loud, “this is Foggy. Don’t be mad, but I’m pregnant.”The reply came within minutes and Foggy laughed even harder. “Franklin,” he imitated his mom’s prim tones. “Lay off the booze or so help me god, I will never invite you home for Thanksgiving ever again.” He stopped laughing, a frown evident in his voice. “Damn, mom. That’s cold.”He tossed Matt’s phone at his head and laid down next to him. “Okay. Truth or dare?”“Truth. You’re not making me call any more of my exes.”“Okay, fine. When and how did you lose your virginity?” Foggy poked his sides again, voice still full of that warm, laughing tone.Matt blushed, turning away from Foggy. “That’s private.”“Oh c’mon man! That like, the most basic truth to answer.”“It’s also private.”Sober, Foggy might’ve let up, but it was Friday night and finals were over, so there was no way in hell that Franklin Nelson would be sober. “C’mooooooooon. I’ll tell you how I lost mine.”“I don’t really want to-”“So I’m seventeen, right, junior prom.”Matt sighed. There was no escape once Foggy started telling a story.  “I went alone, because I’m a loser. Didn’t mean I wasn’t smoking though, no siree. There was this girl, Amanda, gorgeous. Legs like three miles long and all this curly dark hair and eyes like black holes. She wore this tiny strapless mini-dress and it was awesome to watch her walk by.“Anyway, she’d brought her college boyfriend down for the night. Big, blonde, football type, not super interesting to look at. I walk in and she’s sitting at a corner table with him, bored as shit, and she sees me and it’s like a swarm of piranhas who want to feed. She leaves him sitting there and saunters up to me and damn this girl had a mouth on her, she’s whispering things that would make your Catholic choirboy self faint.“And I look over, and her boyfriend’s sitting there watching her with this look of like… acceptance in his eyes. Like he’s used to this shit.” Foggy’s voice suddenly got a hard edge and he downed the last of this beer.“So I walk right past her and ask him for a dance. And he was my first.”Matt blinked, turning his head towards Foggy.Sure, he knew that Foggy was not exactly a Heterosexual™, but inferring was one thing and hearing Foggy talking about losing his virginity to another guy was something else entirely.“Oh,” he muttered. “Well, um. Was it… good?”Foggy laughed. “As good as a first time can be. Also weird, because it was sort of the first time I acknowledged to myself that, hey, dicks are things which are nice? His name’s Bryan, we’re still Facebook friends.”He poked Matt’s ribs, his voice taking on a wheedling tone. “Sooooo, Murdock, spill the beans. Who was the first beautiful supermodel you took to bed?”Matt considered making up a story. Something simple. A girl in his high school math class in senior year. Nice, a pretty soprano voice. But Foggy had really put himself out there. Matt lied to him too much, this wasn’t a secret that needed to be kept.“I’m still a virgin,” he said in a rush, curling in on himself.Foggy’s whole body stiffened for a moment, and then he started laughing. “Dude. That, that’s funny. You had me for a sec-” He seemed to realize that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
completely self indulgent porn
im so sorry
forgive me Father for I have sinned
it has been three seconds since my last confession
-matt murdock probably
Sub Matt Murdock
BDSM
D/s
awkward college dorks
avocados in love
in college matt was actually bad at talking about sex
Truth or Dare
Bondage
Sex Toys
Subspace
Dorks in Love
everyone is an alcoholic
virgins
Loss of Virginity
matt needs sleep
Foggy's Hot Lawyer Powers
Over stimulation
matt murdock: come early and often
hyper-senses
Sensitivity
un-beta'd
Forgive Me

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

