Work Text:
01.  The Third Wedding of Timothy Aloysius Cadwallader DuganIn retrospect, it was all Dum Dum Dugan’s fault. He’d been the one to say it, to take Steve by the arm after a rough mission and shove his bowler hat right in his face. “You see this?” he said, shoving a finger through a bullet hole at the top. “Coulda been me, and not my hat!” Then he started laughing, big full belly laughs that made his shoulders shake and his mustache quiver. He slapped Steve on the back. “You crazy son of a bitch!” he exclaimed, grinning so wide Steve thought his face might break. “We survive this mess, you’re bein’ my best man!”“Um,” Steve said, shooting Bucky an alarmed look over Dum Dum’s shoulder. Bucky, too busy laughing to be any real help, mouthed ‘do it’ back at Steve. “Sure?”He wandered off after that, leaving Steve bemused and, seventy years later, in an itchy bowtie.

--
“You’ve got mail.”Steve looked up. “I do?”Fury held the envelope between two fingers and tapped it against the doorway. “Special SHIELD delivery,” he said, stone-faced. Steve cracked his knuckles, stepping away from the punching bag. Tony had a gym back at the mansion, but Steve felt at odds in it, all gleaming chrome and shining surfaces, state of the art technology. He liked the beat up-looking SHIELD facilities much better.He took the enveloped from Fury. It was cream-colored and soft to the touch. His name -- Captain Steven Rogers, c/o Director Nicholas Fury -- was printed on the front in flowing black script. He flipped it over; an address was printed on the back, along with a name: Timothy Aloysius Cadwallader Dugan. “Who?” Steve said. Fury gave him a flat look. “I promised I’d deliver this by hand,” he said. “Don’t make me regret it, Rogers.”Steve looked at him for a long moment, then nodded. He slipped his thumb underneath the envelope’s flap, breaking the delicate wax seal. Inside there was small card, the same delicate cream color, inviting him to the wedding of the aforementioned Mr. Dugan and his doubtlessly lovely bride-to-be. There was also a photograph. It was an old black and white, faded with age and yellow around the edges. It took Steve a moment to recognize it; he stood at the photo’s center in his old uniform with his arm around Bucky’s shoulders. To the far left was Dum Dum Dugan, one hand on his hat and the other on his gun. Steve flipped the photograph over. There was a message written across the back in a bold, messy scrawl: you made me a promise, Glamourpants. Time to pay up.
P.S. Wear a tux.“What?” Steve said, eyebrows furrowing. Fury gave him a look that might’ve been fond, somewhere underneath.He tapped the photo, right below the postscript. “He’s serious about those tuxes. Look sharp, Rogers.”

--
Dum Dum Dugan looked the same. Alright, he’d gone grey down to his mustache and his face was weathered with age, but his eyes still sparkled behind a new pair of thick glasses. He still wore a bowler hat perched proudly on top of his head.Steve could have cried, the first time he saw him.He embraced him instead, pulling Dum Dum towards him and clapping him on the back.“Whoa there!” Dum Dum exclaimed, laughing. He embraced back, the same bear hug Steve had been surprised with during the war. “Easy, soldier!”“It’s good to see you,” Steve said. He loosened his grip but didn’t let go. Dum Dum didn’t let go either and they stood there for a while, in front of Dum Dum’s hotel, wordlessly reassuring each other that they were both real and solid and there. At last, he pulled back. “You look…”“Old?” Dum Dum said, eyes crinkling at the corners. Steve clapped him on the shoulder. “You look great.”Dum Dum huffed a laugh. “We can’t all be super soldier popsicles. Forget Disney’s frozen head, you make a great case for all that cryogenics mumbo-jumbo.”“Disney’s frozen head?” Steve repeated, alarmed. “What are they teachin’ you in that hero team of yours?” Dum Dum said. He clapped Steve on the back, leading him towards the hotel’s doors. “Come on, let’s get a drink.”“I still can’t get drunk, you know,” Steve pointed out. Dum Dum laughed, a big full laugh. It brought back memories – good ones, and a lot of them. They settled, warm, in the center of Steve’s chest. He smiled and ducked his head and swung his arm around Dum Dum’s shoulders.“Good,” Dum Dum said. “Then at least one of us’ll be sober enough to get me back to my hotel room.”

--
“What are you wearing?”Steve tugged at one cuff. He glanced at the mirror – Natasha was standing in the doorway – and gave her a lopsided smile. “No good?”She arched one eyebrow. Steve sighed. He readjusted his tie.“I’m not used to this kind of thing,” he admitted. He gave himself the once-over in the mirror – sleeves too short at the wrists, jacket’s shoulders too snug over his own and a tie that just wouldn’t stay centered no matter how many times he redid it. “Not used to what?”Steve glanced up at the mirror; sometime in the last half-second Clint had joined Natasha in the doorway. He had half a p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
weddingfic
Fluff
Crack

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

