Work Text:
It was just the Avengers’ luck that it began to rain heavily at the beginning of their raid on AIM. Tony reflected, not for the first time, that he wouldn’t have signed up for the superhero biz if he had known how often they would have to fight in the rain. He buzzed past Steve, who waved at him. At least he had the billion-dollar suit of armor, unlike Cap, who already resembled a drowned rat in his uniform.
“So, Cap, find that motorcycle you were looking for?” Clint said over the comms.
“Round up the AIM guys and then we can talk about my motorcycle,” Steve replied.
As part of the Avengers’ air support, Tony circled over the base following the positions of the team as they ranged through the base looking for AIM agents and scientists. He fed information to Cap about what he found. He wondered briefly about the motorcycle that Clint mentioned. Cap went through motorcycles like the Avengers went through quinjets.
AIM had commandeered a HYDRA base and the Avengers had the job of rooting them out and handing them over to the authorities. Tony was taking a dim view of AIM’s robot line of defense as he and Carol mowed them down. He granted that AIM could be vastly creative in their ideas, but real shoddy in their execution. What were they teaching for engineering these days?
He chuckled as he overheard Wanda and Natasha debate the merits of recent Eastern European films as they subdued feisty AIM scientists in the lab complex. He checked the mission data, quickly calculating how many agents were left over. They were on schedule, not bad for a routine mission.
Steve dispatched a few robots, then barked out commands as he adjusted the team’s tactics to account for the changing conditions. Tony listened in as Steve fielded team suggestions about attacking the base. Steve gave the go-ahead on some, made necessary tweaks to others, and kept the team focused on mission goals.
Tony now counted Steve among his closest friends. They’d been through the mix, fighting innumerable Hydra agents, AIM scientists, and alien invaders after the fall of SHIELD, and then Ultron. Tony didn’t think anyone could be as sincere, honest, and what-you-see-is-what-you-get as Steve. Although Steve would have much preferred that Tony didn’t keep challenging him and haring off on his own. They’d butted heads and argued until they figured each other out. Once they settled into a good working relationship, they were good, really good at running the Avengers together.
Although he had worked closely with Steve for a while, Tony still hadn’t figured what made the man tick. He admired Steve greatly for his leadership, heart and sheer guts. And Steve was the nicest guy, the sort you could depend on for anything, even moving your stuff without complaint, possibly even dead bodies.
The best way to sum it up was that Steve was wired one way, and Tony was wired another. And that was just fine. They worked together like a well-oiled machine. Tony couldn’t ask for more.
That didn’t mean that Tony didn’t wonder what it would be like if tall, blond and built ever cast an interested eye towards the guy in the armored suit.
Tony was waiting for Steve’s call for him to do an evaluation of the labs and workshops the team uncovered. A series of warnings popped up on the HUD. “Cap!” he shouted. “Incoming!”
“Got it, Iron Man. Okay, Avengers, watch it,” Steve said.
Several explosions set off by the fleeing AIM scientists ripped through the base. Tony sped up his perimeter patrol, calling up Carol to assist. He shot off his repulsors while Carol skimmed in behind him on clean-up, knocking down whoever was left standing after Tony passed through. The mission was going astoundingly well and easy.
As soon as he thought that, the main lab blew up, sending debris high into the rain and collapsing walls into rubble. He groaned. He knew better. Never say anything was easy, ever. “Hey, Cap, what’s going on?”
Silence on the comm. Tony panicked a little. “Cap? Cap!”
“Can’t raise Cap on the comm, Tony,” Clint radioed.
“Steve? Are you there?” Natasha asked.
More silence.
Damn. Tony quickly replayed HUD data about Steve, who, apparently, entered that building a minute before the explosion.
“I’m going in,” Carol shouted as she darted over to the building.
“No, hold the perimeter. I’ll look for Steve,” Tony interrupted. Carol was fast and great at nabbing fleeing henchmen. He had a talent for demolition. Plus it was Steve. He had to find the man.
When he reached the ruins of the building, he could pick up the faint energy signature of Steve buried under the debris. “Come on, Steve,” Tony hissed as he lifted concrete and twisted steel beams. He saw movement as a coughing, soaked and bloody Steve fought his way through the rubble. “Steve!” he shouted.
“Look out,” Steve snapped. Tony turned to see a robot lurching towards him. Before Tony could repulsor it into oblivion, the shield sped past him, neatly decapitating the robot.
Taking off his helmet, Tony rubbed his eyes. He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Misunderstandings
One Night Stands
Friends to Lovers
Breaking Up & Making Up
Steve Has Issues
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge 2015

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

