Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony blinked in the bright light, dazed and confused because this was not where he remembered going to sleep.
Come to think of it, he hadn't remembered going to sleep at all and definitely not naked with an iron collar wrapped around his neck, and though normally he wouldn't object to a little bit of kink in the bedroom, without context, it was particularly concerning.
He shot up from the ridiculously soft pillows to inspect the collar and the length of chain that connected it to the headboard of the king-sized bed (he'd freak out about his naked predicament later on).
The chain gave him some room to move about, but only just enough to touch his feet to the floor beside the bed if he stretched out enough. It was solid metal and heavy, as was the collar whose clasp was held together by a thick padlock, something Tony could probably pick if he could find a good lockpick substitute.
He scanned the room. There was a desk in the corner, some books on it, a nightstand just out of his reach, a generic painting opposite the bed, a very large mirror on the wall to his left beside the door, and a dresser. White, sheer drapes fluttered in the wind, and beyond them, an old world town--Eastern Europe probably if the architecture outside and the whole shabby chic vibe of the room were anything to go by.
He checked the bed for possible lockpick alternatives, but wasn't surprised to come up short. Nowadays, it took a certain brand of man to be able to pluck Tony from under his teammates' noses--careless was not a trait that kind of man would possess.
His nakedness had possibly been strategic, come to think of it (and wasn't that a huge breath of fresh air) because even without his team's help, Tony was not a sitting duck. If he had even just his underwear on him, he could have secreted out the JARVIS-connected panic button he'd installed there.
As it was, he was buck naked, chained up, and nearly out of options.
How was he taken? He couldn't remember.
He remembered that he and Steve had been out on a post-save-the-day date; a tradition they had since Tony nearly offed himself that one time... or maybe the one before that, but definitely not the one before that. Point was, they were headed towards Ristretto, and then... Nothing.
Drugs.  It had to be. 
Roofies, maybe. Fucking roofies. Tony had survived his wild college days without succumbing once to those, and thirty years later, when he should have known better... 
Fucking roofies.
He checked the room again for possible signs that Steve was kidnapped too because if he'd been drugged, Steve certainly would have been too. There was no way Tony would have been taken if Steve hadn't been incapacitated.
Then again, it would be easier if Steve had been left where he lie. He'd have burned through the drugs in a few minutes flat--not enough time to secure a supersoldier, but just enough to swipe Tony from under his nose.
He sighed and flopped back onto the bed. Nothing he could really do now but wait.
And wait he did.
It took maybe just under two hours more for anything to happen. By then, the morning sun had risen to full height and the draperies were no longer fluttering wildly. It was still cool enough, thankfully, but Tony couldn't exactly claim comfort.
The door opened, and Tony snapped up. He drew the blankets around him in an effort to preserve modesty he did not have. 
And then his jaw dropped when Bucky fucking Barnes strolled in.
No, not the Winter Soldier, he'd seen the photos of both--this was Bucky Barnes. Sure, he still had that metal arm (and dear God did Tony want to inspect that up close), but his long hair was pulled into a low, messy bun, and his face devoid of his trademark make-up. He was barechested, and black sweatpants rode low on his hips, revealing those delicious, delicious Adonis lines and tight six pack.
He carried a tray which Tony found to be laden with food.
Tony tensed when Bucky sat on the edge of the bed, but he only set the tray down and pushed it over.
"You must be hungry," he said, and his voice was gravelly and low. Seductive without meaning to be. Tony's gut tightened because he was only human after all.
"You gonna drug me again?" he asked instead, eyeing the food warily. Bucky chuckled.
"I've got much better methods than that." But he didn't explain.
Tony's eyes narrowed. "Where's Steve?"
Bucky held his gaze for a long moment, eyes calculating and sharp. 
Then he smiled, wide and sunny like in that one picture where the Howling Commandos had just come off of a successful run. He stood and walked to the mirror, gliding a hand over its surface. An LED interface lit up and there was Steve.
Tony darted forward, forgetting the collar, but it reminded him soon enough, choking him before he could get halfway off the bed. Bucky took the food tray away, but Tony barely noticed that because Steve was in front of him, well out of his reach, but there.
Steve was held in a cage, as far as Tony could tell, but no cage could hol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Psychological Torture
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Non-consensual Exhibitionism
Subdrop
Bondage
Multiple Orgasms
Rimming
Tenderness

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

