Work Text:
Look, some mornings you wake up and little green men are invading New York City; some mornings you wake up and you can hear Captain America's voice in your head. Tony has been an Avenger long enough that he saves his freakout for important things, like DUM-E rearranging his tools."JARVIS, protocol 26.3, me and the Cap," he says. The twenties are "presumably magical interpersonal interference." Point three is telepathy, point four is phasing out of this dimension, and point nine is sex pollen, which Tony put in there after reading one of Pepper's supernatural romances back in the day."Summoning the car and notifying SHIELD, sir," Jarvis says."You're a peach," Tony says, and thinks at Steve, Meet me downstairs in fifteen.Steve's answer is more of a vague sense of panic than actual words. Tony sighs. Some people are so sensitive to these things. Breathe, he thinks, and heads for the shower. He's got a day of uncomfortable medical experimentation in front of him, and he's damn well going to have good hair for it.***Steve is worse in person; Tony's afraid to touch him in case their brains just mutually explode. "Calm down," he says as Happy pulls away from the Mansion. "JARVIS, can we get some nature sounds or a yoga tape or something?""I'm sorry if suddenly developing telepathy is a bother," Steve says over crickets and a woman with a soothing Australian accent.Tony rolls his eyes. "I'm just saying, you're bouncing around in my brain like a--what's it, the thing with the string and the bouncy ball--and if we both lose it, we'll be the feedback loop from hell."Oddly enough, being irritated with Tony seems to calm Steve down, maybe because it's so familiar. He folds his arms and slumps back in his seat. Tony closes his eyes and tries to imagine water lilies and ladybugs or whatever the hell that woman is talking about.A minute later, Steve says, "You know I can tell you hate this stuff too."Tony cracks an eye. "You know I know you can do something about it.""JARVIS, TV screen." Steve concentrates, and it's like a tickle in Tony's brain. Weird, but not bad. "Um...The A-Team?"A rattle of machine-gun fire replaces the meditation thing, and Tony grins. "Well played, Cap."They watch a plan come together in companiable silence the rest of the way to SHIELD headquarters.***Having Pepper, former employee and former love of his life, as Deputy Director of SHIELD and Tony's de facto boss is occasionally just as uncomfortable as people might think. But on days like this, when she's interrogating him about where he went wrong to get mind-warped and looking at him with her patented "Really, Tony?" look, he thinks that they were pretty much destined for this.She's being kind of hard on you, Steve thinks, the first clear sentence Tony's gotten from him brain-to-brain.She's been worse, Tony thinks back. At least no possibly underage starlets were involved?Across the room, Steve makes a choking sound and slaps his hands over his eyes.Whoops."You haven't been anywhere else in the last two weeks? No snacks on the way home from a mission, no solo heroics, no--""--potentially underage starlets?" Tony finishes, and Pepper gives him a look sharper than a repulsor blast. "That's everything I can think of, I swear. And you've got JARVIS to corroborate 90% of it.""All right," Pepper says. "We'll compare this with Steve's and see if anything raises a red flag while you two get screened."Tony sees Bruce standing with the rest of the scientists and sighs. "Try to leave some blood for my vital organs." He starts rolling up his shirtsleeve.***For a man who was packed in ice for decades, Steve handles the claustrophobia of the MRI remarkably well. Such a hero. Tony makes sure that Steve is in the next room before he heads for the machine.It's just like being in the helmet, he tells himself as he slides into it. Just like the helmet. Just like the helmet.It makes the first clanging noise, and Tony freezes like always. There's no way to move, there's not enough air, he can't move, it's hot and his chest hurts and the Ten Rings are out there and Yinsin's not going to make it and--Tony. Tony. He can sort of hear Steve's voice, which doesn't make sense, because Steve's not in the cave. Tony!He can't quite get words to send back, but whatever he's sending, Steve seems to understand. Tony. It's okay. You're at SHIELD. You'll be done in a few minutes, and then you can get out. I want out now. Tony would bang his fist against the machine, but he has just enough rational thought left to know that would only mean doing it again, and he can’t do it again.Just…think of something else. Can a thought have a tone of voice? Because that is a very Captain America thought. Tony is just irritated enough--think of something else? What an original concept!--that he’s trying to decide what would embarrass Steve more, “Star-Spangled Man” or porn, so he can think about it really loudly, except as soon as he decides (porn) the machine gives one final clang and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Additional Warnings Apply
First Time
Present Tense
Telepathy
Tony hates magic
Community: cap_ironman

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

