Work Text:
Ever since his brother had found him, Loki had been plagued by a strange feeling that made his skin itch. Whenever he caught sight of Thor’s bare arms, the line of his jaw, or a twitch of his lips, a jolt of electricity would shoot up his spine. Once, when he’d seen Thor’s long fingers wrapped around Mjolnir’s shaft, he had grown so breathless and flushed that Thor had had to ask him what was wrong. Thor’s large hand on his shoulder at the time, placed there as a display of concern, had only served to make matters worse.A week ago, he found out what it meant and why he became that way in Thor’s presence. He had been researching in the library to aid in his mischief-making—it was one of his favourite pastimes, and it conveniently allowed him to take his mind off his brother—and amongst the pile of books that he’d brought back into his room was one titled A Complete Guide to Creating Magic. He should have known that it was not a spellbook, as they seldom had titles so crass, but nothing could have prepared him to find within it a drawing of naked bodies intertwined. He’d slammed the book shut almost immediately and hidden it under his bed.He’d tried to push what he’d seen away from his mind, but of course, none could be forgotten. It had only been hours later on in that same evening that Loki had buried himself under his quilts, conjured a small ball of light and pored over the pages upon pages of obscenity. The things that the illustrated figures did were often bizarre and sometimes made Loki cringe in sympathy, but bliss was always evident on each of those faces. He had been utterly enthralled. Every night since then, his dreams had been of Thor and himself taking the place of the people in the drawings, and every morning, he’d woken up by spilling into his trousers to thoughts of his brother doing wicked, unnameable things to him.Since then, Loki had had no more doubts as to why he always felt the way he did around Thor. Deep down, Loki knew that it was wrong, that it was forbidden—but nothing could stop him from craving for his brother.Now, it was mid-afternoon, and Loki had snuck into Thor’s chambers. Thor was in the training grounds sparring with his friends so the rooms were empty save for his belongings. Trophies obtained over years of hunting lined every wall, different kinds of weapons were laid out on display, and there were even a couple of books scattered here and there. Loki felt like he was spying on Thor, even though Thor had reassured him again and again that he was always welcome here. Would Thor still say that, if he knew of Loki’s perverted feelings?For the time being, however, Loki did not care. All that mattered was that he would get what he wanted—or at least an approximation of it—and so he went further until he reached Thor’s bedroom. Strewn over the floor was his armour: for casual sparring, Thor preferred to be in as little clothing as possible, which was why Loki seldom dared to watch him. Thor’s red cape was draped over the centre of the bed, and at its side, Mjolnir stood proud.As if in a trance, Loki drifted over, crawled into the bed and pressed his face against the rich, velvety fabric. He inhaled his brother’s scent, letting a wave of desire wash over him. He yearned for Thor, for his rough hands on his skin, for his large body covering his own, and he wanted Thor to take him.Though the ache between his legs was something he’d first encountered only recently, by now he’d figured out how to deal with it. He pressed one of his hands over his crotch, clamping it tight between his thighs, and started to rub at himself through his leggings. How good it felt was still very much a novelty, but it was a thousand times more exhilarating with the knowledge that he was doing this in Thor’s bed. He could almost imagine Thor being here next to him, encouraging him and directing his movements. Perhaps Thor would be aroused by this, too; an undoubtedly impressive bulge in his trousers would be evidence of it. If he were lucky, Thor might even bare his cock to Loki’s hungry gaze: it would be long and thick, the hair at its base wonderfully dense, and maybe Thor would invite Loki to touch it, to have a taste of it, before he finally gave them what they both wanted and split Loki open with his big, hard cock—Loki’s body seized up and his legs shook as he lost himself to his release. Panting, he slowly recovered, but even after his head had cleared, he still needed more.He was hard again, and this time, he took off his clothes so he could feel the soft fabric of Thor’s cape under his back. He closed his eyes to better imagine Thor being here, watching him, wanting him. Meanwhile, Loki tried to make himself an enticing sight: he roamed his hands over his neck, his torso, only stopping to pinch his nipples—he’d seen it many times in that book, and now he realised why people liked to do it to each other—and then made his way further down, until he had his legs spread and his fingers were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Size Kink
Size Difference
Age Difference
Fingerfucking
Anal Fingering
Masturbation
Brief Loki/Mjolnir
Anal Sex
magical lube
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Sex Toy Mjolnir
Incest
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

