Chapter 1





Chapter Text
    "You're aroused.""What?""You're aroused."  He sniffed again, leaning slightly toward me.  "Intensely.""What are you talking about?""I can smell you.  It's rather intense, I'm surprised you're not aware of it.  Or are you and you're just playing coy with me?""Get away from me.""It's natural darling - our species is trying to propagate.  Let me guess, this is the week before your period."I stared at him, not sure if I should stab him or just knee him in the groin and walk away."You are so disturbing."He laughed that laugh that identified him as Tom; even if he was in the next room or on the other side of a noisy pub I always knew it was him when I heard that laugh.Ugh he got on my nerves.But I got on his too, so a few years back we had called fair game on each other.  Torture and torment and ceaseless sass.  It was fun, but neither of us would ever admit it.A mutual friend of his was a mutual friend with a mutual friend of mine, which put us near each other on a regular basis.  But we didn't consider ourselves friends - we just turned up in a lot of the same places with a lot of the same people  - not to mention he tended bar at the pub we all hung out at after work.  He was Chris's weird friend, I was Kady's bitch buddy.  We picked at each other every time our paths crossed, although he could be nice - very nice - when it suited him.  But damn he could be strange, and his unsettling turquoise eyes made me nervous."You should let me mark you with my scent so the other alphas in here don't try to claim you.""What the hell, Tom?  Seriously?  Fuck off."He threw his head back and laughed again.  "That's the whole idea, love - propagation, remember?"  He crept closer, nudging his chin against my shoulder as he edged his nose into my hair, next to my ear.  I could feel his breath on my neck.  "It's the nature of the species.  Pair up, mate, reproduce.  And the pheremones you're putting off right now are an open notice to every walking cock in here that you're ripe."I'd heard enough.  He was grossing me out, but worse, I was feeling creepily aroused by his voice and the subject matter.  I shoved my shoulder against him, bumping his chin hard to get him away from me."Perv."He was snickering, obviously enjoying my revulsion.  "Think about it, Anja.  I'll be washing glasses if you change your mind."He went back behind the bar and threw a towel over his shoulder, grinning at me.  I tried not to look at him but it wasn't easy; damn him, he was a sexy beast, but I really didn't like him.  Not my type, not by any stretch of the imagination.  Long black hair, thin face, sharp cheekbones, freakishly tall and sort of skinny, a little bit pale...the first time I saw him I'd told Kady he looked like he should be sleeping hanging upside down in the basement.  She thought he was cute and the idea of him being a vampire had instantly become sort of a fetish for her after my cruel evaluation of his looks.  I secretly hoped they wouldn't get together, but I had no idea why.I took my drink and went to the back, where he couldn't see me.  I didn't want his unsettling eyes on me anymore.  Another of our mutuals, Eric, was there and waved me over.  He was handsome and charming and a welcome diversion from creepy Tom, so I joined him at his noisy table and tried not to think too much about his hand sliding up my thigh and his hungry eyes on my breasts. When I left the pub later that night, Eric walked out with me.  I wasn't taking him home, but I'm sure to everyone in the pub it looked that way. Tom's eyes followed us, the look on his face neutral as he wiped the bar, but there was something disapproving in the way he watched us.  I glanced toward him as Eric pushed the door open and saw him shake his head, just barely; so slight, in fact, that I thought I must have imagined it. Our table in the back shouted goodnight to us and we slipped out into the cold night air, Eric's hand coming possessively to the back of my neck as the door fell shut behind us. Telling him goodnight a few seconds later didn't go so well.  Goodnight wasn't what he wanted to hear, and in a space of time so short that I have no real comprehension of how long it actually was, I found myself grabbed harshly and shoved up against the wall of the building next to the pub.  "You don't get to say no after that," Eric growled against my throat, where his hand was squeezing in a decidedly menacing grip that I had no hope of prying off.  "After what??"  "After teasing me like that - after getting me hard like this."  He grabbed my hand and shoved it down against the front of his pants.  He was stiff and hot and I tried to yank my hand away, but he held me tight."I didn't do anything to you.  Get off me Eric!"  I shoved hard against him and managed to put just enough space between us to bring my knee up, making contact with his groin.  I'm not strong by any means, but I know where to hit to make the most of what I do have.He grunted and bent do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s)
Tom/Anja

freeform: 
Explicit Language
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Attempted Sexual Assault
Hurt/Comfort
Sexual Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Scent Marking
referenced alpha behavior
depictions of dream violence
depictions of dream rape
Aggression
Love/Hate
Friendship/Love
wolfkink
Rough Sex
Taken From Behind
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Claiming
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Come Swallowing
Come Marking
Dom/sub Undertones
Dominance
Submission
Threats of Violence
Bondage and Discipline
Rough Kissing
Light Bondage
Dark Past
Violent Sex
Rough Body Play
Biting
Bruises
Aftercare
Nurturing
Tenderness
Bathing/Washing
Confrontations
Protection
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Comfort
Comfort Sex
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Mild Blood
Blood
Claiming Bites
Alpha Males
Alpha Female
Orgasm Denial
Abstinence
forced abstinence
arousal from injury
Mild Painplay
orgasm from pain
Face Slapping
Scratching
Play Fighting
Self-Defense
Collars
collaring
simulated sexual attack
Roughness
Angry!Tom
dom!Tom
aggressive!Tom
Jealousy
random Loki references
brief reference to past underage sex
Shocking Revelations
Backstory
Trust Kink
Road Trips
Family Feels
Assault
Past Sexual Abuse
Father-Daughter Relationship
Broken Families
Romance
Sexuality
Master/Slave
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Spanking
brief mention of cutting scars
Mental Health Issues
Major Illness
Seizures
Hospitalization
Fever
emotional distress
Emotional Manipulation
Recovery
Injury Recovery
Attempted Seduction
Attempted Sex
Mental Coercion
Fist Fights
Alcohol
Drunkenness
minor underage drinking
Recreational Drug Use
minor underage recreational drug use
Marijuana
Honeymoon
Daddy Issues
Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
Pregnancy Kink
Consensual Kink
Consensual Nonconsent

fandom: 
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s)
Tom/Anja

