Chapter 1: If I Was From Paris - Grace Potter & The Nocturnals
    


Summary:

Draw me like one of your French girls





Chapter Text
Steve likes the student gallery, especially during summer break. It’s quiet and wild at the same time and the light is bright almost all day. All of the art is done by different people at different times during the year, so nothing goes together. He finds his skyline of Brooklyn next to a charcoal life drawing. The girl in the picture is seated on a backless stool, legs crossed. Most of her is in profile but her face is tilted away from the artist, leaving him with nothing but the tip of an ear. Steve has a sudden impulse to see more.
He walks the gallery, trying not to look like one of the creeps seeking out the naked pictures, even though he kind of is. None of it matters though because the rest of the life drawings are of a different girl, toned where his is soft, sharp, precise angles instead of rounded curves, and a shock of red hair that clearly left an impression on all the artists.
Steve decides he can put off Pop Art for another year.
-
Miss Potts is the department chair and her fondness for Modern Art is well known. She gives the class a light smile.
“Since you’ve fulfilled the requirements to get into this class, you must know by now realism isn’t my usual wheelhouse. However, Professor Stanley is on sabbatical and this is a rather self-driven course so I think I can handle it. Set up around that while I call in the model.”
She points to a tall wooden chair, alone in the empty studio. Steve grabs the least wobbly easel.
It’s the girl with the red hair, he is slightly disappointed to discover, and she is clearly a dancer. She moves the chair toward a gap in the circle and takes her position in the center, resting one hand on the wooden frame. Steve notes her bare feet are perfectly turned out.
The first ten minutes is gestures, and she slips between arches and arabesques with ease, holding them for the requisite two minutes without even a tremble. It’s amazing to see her muscles work, to find the lines of strength and put them to paper.  Her face though... she’s definitely a ballerina. She’s very pretty but her expression remains distant and vague.
The only time in the entire ninety minutes that she shows even a flicker of emotion is when Miss Potts thanks her as she ties off her robe.
-
The second session isn’t the girl, ‘his girl’ as he’s started thinking of her, but a Scandinavian Steve kind of remembers from freshman year. He’s very… comfortable in his own skin and Steve can’t really hold it against him.
-
The third class is the charm. His mystery girl strolls in, tying back her hair. She removes her glasses and gropes a little to find the pocket of the robe. Steve’s breath stutters when she shrugs out of her modesty and plops herself onto the stool. His pencil seems to move on its own, finding all kinds of details about her. A smattering of freckles, a wispy curl at the base of her neck that escaped her hasty ponytail, the jut of bones in her back.
Ninety minutes goes by in a heartbeat and then she stands and reaches for her robe. Steve tries to imagine a way of talking to her that doesn’t sound criminal and can’t think of any. She lets her hair down as she passes him, and then she’s gone. All he is left with is a whisper of vanilla.
-
The second time he draws her, he’s looking from the front. He draws everything and it’s not enough. He doesn’t want to draw her like this, he realizes.
Her eyes are unfocused, squinting at nothing in particular. Her mouth is lifeless, carefully relaxed so she can keep it still for the whole fifteen minutes. She breathes shallowly, in deference to the artists, but her breasts shift with each exhale and maybe Steve would be hypnotized if it didn’t all seem so mechanical.
-
He’s trying to figure out how to express the well-muscled man without making him look like a comic book character when he notices the splash of green in his peripheral vision.
“Um, hi?”
He turns. Green hat, brown eyes, black glasses, carmine lips.
“I think I left my iPod here yesterday.” She points at the office where the models change. The blinds are still drawn but Steve knows no one is in.
“It’s Stanley’s office, so right now only Potts has the keys.”
“Dammit. I just downloaded like thirty songs.”
He watches her chew on her cheek and is suddenly captured how alive she looks. “Can I draw you?” he blurts out.
She looks at him like he’s stupid. He probably is.
“You were drawing me yesterday. Like one of your French girls even.”
“I mean with your clothes on.”
She looks taken aback and flattered. “Interesting proposal. I get paid fifty bucks for each class. So, you wanna draw me outside of school hours, I’m going to need reimbursement. Coffee is good.”
-
Coffee is great.
Her name is Darcy, she uses cupcake body lotion, she’s as blind as a baseball bat without her glasses and she chooses her lipsticks based solely on the name. She smiles a lot, uncaring of the litt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
all the AUs!
One Shot Collection

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

