Work Text:




“I’m sorry, Tony.”Tony leaned back on the sofa, stared into the bottom of his empty glass, and then looked back at her face, drawn, on the holoscreen.“Don’t be, Pep,” he said, and forced a smile. She winced. “It was gonna happen sooner or later, right?”He slapped his knee as he got up from the sofa, walking across the room to refill his glass. “You know what?” Vodka. It was definitely a vodka day. “Buy yourself a new dress on the company card. Go, get, like, a facial or something. Enjoy yourself. I hope your, uh, your--”And that was when his tongue stopped forming words, when his throat started to feel strangled.“Date, Tony,” Pepper said, with a bittersweet smile that put his stomach in knots.He turned away from the holoscreen so she couldn’t see his face. “Right,” he said, waving his fingers. He downed the vodka soda in one gulp, grimacing at the sting of too much alcohol on his tongue. “Right, right,” he said. “That...thing. I hope it goes well.”Pepper was quiet, so quiet for so long that Tony thought they might have gotten disconnected. He turned around to see her biting her lip, misty-eyed. “Thank you,” she said, nodding tightly. “I hope so, too. I--”“--Telling you to override his commands, FRIDAY,” Steve said in a soft but urgent tone, still as poised as ever as he walked into the room backward, as if he were talking to someone in the hall. “It’s an emergency--”Steve shut his mouth, looking a little abashed as he saw the expression on Pepper’s face and the empty glass in Tony’s hand. “Sorry,” he muttered, the commanding air draining out of him, his shoulders sagging. “I’ll--”“No, you said it was an emergency,” Tony replied, setting his glass down, half-grateful for an excuse to cut off that painful conversation. “You know what, Pep? Have fun tonight; call me in the morning. I wanna hear all about this hunky dreamboat asshole.”“He's not a-- Okay,” she agreed. “Hi, Steve. Bye, Steve.” She had that pained look on her face, the one she’d been wearing every time she saw one of the Avengers, the one she’d worn when she’d realized that Tony couldn’t leave the Avengers, even after he’d tried putting distance between them. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Tony. Love you.”“Love you, too, Angelcake,” Tony replied, as the holoscreen faded out.Steve was looking at his feet, at the wall, at anything but Tony. “I didn’t mean to interrupt,” he apologized, kicking at one shoe with the other. “Is everything--”“No, everything’s terrible, but it’s not the first time, and I doubt it’s the last,” Tony replied. He raised his glass, as if to toast, realized it was empty, and went to fill it again. “No need to be sorry. You want one of--”Steve raised an eyebrow, as if he hadn’t expected the offer of a drink. “Is that vodka?” he asked.“Technically, it came out of my industrial ethanol plant, but hey, you can’t tell the difference,” Tony said. “You want one or not, Captain Teetotaler?”Tony smiled as Steve’s eyebrow twitched-- one thing he’d learned in their short residence together was that Steve would not back down from a challenge if he saw one, even a tiny one, even a tease.“Lay it on me,” Steve answered, holding out a hand. “It’s not like it can do anything.”When they were both furnished with drinks, Tony gave Steve a pointed look as he clinked their glasses together. “What was so urgent, Cap?”Steve took a sip of the vodka, then wiped a hand over his mouth. Tony could tell from the reaction that he didn’t care for it, but Steve kept sipping it politely.“Vision says his system’s picking up something funny,” Steve answered. “You mind coming down to give it a look?”“Funny, how?” Tony asked. “I take it we don’t mean, like, Saturday-Night-Live-used-to-be-funny funny?”Steve gave him a blank look. “You don’t honestly think I’m going to believe that show used to be funny, do you, Stark?”“It was,” Tony insisted, as he started for his private elevator to the laboratory floor of the compound, Steve following just behind. “Come on, Nat thought it was funny when they lampooned her.”“Is this like the time you tried to convince me that the kid from Jurassic Park grew up to be the lady from Legally Blonde, or the time you--”“You need to learn to take a joke, Steve,” Tony intoned, dead serious, as he gave the other man a pat on the shoulder.“Look, Stark,” Steve answered, giving Tony a very tired look. They both stepped on the elevator, and the doors slid shut. “I promise I’ll learn to take a joke when you learn how to deliver one.”“Ouch!” Tony answered, slapping a hand to his heart as if he’d been wounded. “Killer. I’m…” He panted, heavily. “Not...long...for this---”His dramatic expiration was interrupted by the ding of the elevator bell. Tony straightened up and stopped dying.Steve, who had been staring at the glowing display numbers on the elevator wall and not paying any attention to Tony’s speedy and tragic decline, strode out of the elevator with that smooth, long-legged Captain America walk that he seemed to revert to whenever som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Multiverse
Crossover
Marvel 616/MCU Crossover
Action/Adventure
Fix-It
Age of Ultron spoilers
Avengers 44 Spoilers
Dimension Travel
Sexual Tension
Humor
Angst
mild crack
Reverse Big Bang Challenge
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge 2015

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

