Chapter 1: A Gentlemen's Agreement
    




Chapter Text



 

Boredom is dangerous. Clint has always known this, so he does a pretty good job of keeping himself busy. Or rather, the circus and then SHIELD have always done a good job of keeping him busy. The small amounts of downtime that he gets are devoted to either recovering or preparing for the next mission. Clint doesn't have much in the way of an attention span, and whenever he gets bored, he tends to get into trouble.He has a feeling he's about to do just that now.Things have been regretfully slow since the whole mess with Ultron. Not that Clint's complaining, so much, because that was a severe shitshow and he isn't keen on jumping back into that madness again so soon. He took a couple of months off after to spend with his family. In between the updates on Daniel's progress, Laura keeps sending him exasperated emails about the disaster Clint had made in their dining room nook before he got called out on a mission, despite his reassurances that he'll finish the renovations soon. It's a familiar song-and-dance with them, one that's been going on since they first moved into the farmhouse and he took it upon himself to refurbish the whole place.Clint didn't get to stay there near as long as he would've liked before he got called out again. There were clean-ups to handle, missions to run for a SHIELD that was only just getting its feet back beneath it. Not to mention they were down a couple of Avengers, with Bruce going awol and Thor off-world, and then Tash and Cap busy training their new recruits.There were a long string of missions that dragged him all over the world, but at the moment Clint is doing nothing more than cooling his heels at Avengers Tower, waiting for intel that will determine his next mission. He's been here five weeks now, and he's starting to climb the walls; a guy can only spend so much time at the archery range or the gym before it gets old.Clint is making his way to the communal kitchens - he's run out of coffee on his floor, and he really needs his morning caffeine fix - when he notices that the television is on in the living room. He hesitates, instinctively settling into a defensive position; last he knew he was the only one at the Tower. Clint nudges the door open just enough to peer inside and almost immediately recognises the dark-haired figure perched on the back of the sofa, profile illuminated both by the television and the tablet in his lap.Usually Tony does a better job of announcing his imminent arrivals - the guy has an honest-to-god schedule of public appearances posted online - so it's a little weird for him to show up unexpectedly, but not entirely out of the realm of possibility. Clint knows Pepper's in town doing some PR thing, and Tony rarely likes to be left behind if he can avoid it. He handles being bored even worse than Clint does, really.Satisfied that the Tower isn't under attack, Clint slips back out of the room and into the kitchen. He finds his favourite beans tucked in on the shelf that holds more variety than even the more expensive coffee shops in Manhattan - Tony might not remember to eat for himself, but he does a brilliant job of keeping the kitchen fully stocked at all times - and then settles in to wait for it to brew. He's just polished off some peanut butter toast when it finishes, and he cradles the cup in his hands as he steps out into the hall.For a moment he deliberates, but the glow of the television is still seeping out around the door to the living room, so he knows Tony hasn't left. It could be a terrible idea, getting involved in whatever Tony's current pet project is, but then again he's also bored out of his mind, and even he can't handle another day spent at the shooting range. Aware that he'll probably regret it, Clint steps into the room and walks over to stand next to the sofa."What're you watching?" asks Clint, curiously.Tony startles so hard he nearly falls off the back of the sofa, making a rather undignified noise in the process. "Christ, Barton, we're getting you a bell," he hisses when he realises who is standing beside him. "You're almost as bad as Ginger Spice.""Tash'll kill you if she ever hears you call her that," Clint points out. Tony waves a dismissive hand, his attention already back on his work. The film clip on the television looks like something out of an action movie, apart from the newscast crawl across the bottom of the screen: Vigilante apprehends members of Chinese mob. "So, what exactly is all this?""New player," says Tony, flicking through a series of pictures on his tablet faster than even Clint's sharp eyes can make sense of them. "Hell's Kitchen's got itself a vigilante superhero.""Oh yeah, I heard something about that," says Clint. He watches the grainy security camera footage on the television for a moment as a figure in red takes down four guys with a string of jujitsu and parkour moves that would make Bruce Lee quit his job in embarrassment. "The De
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Daredevil & Avengers
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Crossover
multichap
Daredevil Meets the Avengers
Humour
Friendship
Daredevil Spoilers
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Blind Character
Deaf Clint Barton
Canon Disabled Character
dumpster bros
Translation Available
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Daredevil & Avengers
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

