Work Text:
Steve hasn't felt this tired in a long time; he'd thought, after sleeping for more than sixty years, that he would never be tired again. Natasha's mouth and forehead are bloody, and Dr. Banner has some nice gentleman's flannel buttondown tied around his waist like a loincloth because otherwise he'd have nothing on, but the – well, the Avengers, Steve guesses he should call them now –  go for shawarma anyway, leaving Loki bound and gagged and at the tender mercy of Director Fury.Steve's own forearm is still bleeding sluggishly, but he's not too worried about it. The cut will be closed in a few hours. Probably wouldn't be a bad idea to clean it, though, not with all the dust and debris that's floating through the air of New York City right now. Dust catches the sun, surrounding everything with pale and hazy aureoles, and it would be beautiful if he weren't so terribly aware of the human cost.Barton and Natasha keep exchanging glances and then bursting into smothered giggles, and Steve hears the note of threatening hysteria in their laughter but doesn't say anything – it's good to know that Barton can smile, that there's still lightness and humor left in him. Steve knows better than to undervalue humor in a war zone, even humor edging toward exhaustion and despair.He'd thought they'd brought him back to be a soldier. That's what Fury had said – that they would win because of the bravery of soldiers. But Steve thinks of Tony Stark on the Helicarrier, eyes dark and sparking with – with something Steve couldn't name – insisting that he wasn't a soldier, that Steve wasn't either. It had all happened so quickly that Steve was still struggling to get his head around Stark soaring up into that portal, wrapped around a warhead like a lover. Steve had given the command to effectively end Stark's life, but Stark hadn't died. Steve hadn't considered, back on the Helicarrier, that you could get killed just as easily cutting the wire as you could shielding a comrade with your body. Steve had always thought of those things as opposites: sacrifice or desertion, looking for a way out or facing up to the fact that sometimes someone had to die and sometimes it ought to be you. Stark had found a way to do both at once; his sacrifice was the way out, cutting the wire in an act of self-abegnation, self-destruction. If Steve had been so wrong about him – what else could he be wrong about? He remembers Loki's pale bloodless face, his cultured voice sneering that human beings were meant to be led. Loki had called him a soldier, too. He'd like to think it was Loki's influence, that he wouldn't have said those horrible things, have accused Stark of being a gutless gloryhound who was unwilling to make sacrifices, if he'd been in his own right mind. But he isn't sure.Stark leads them to an old brick building with a deep red awning, and inside things are still pretty chaotic but there's still a bunch of food ready for the lunch rush that never came, diverted by alien invasion, and the shaken waiter claps him on the shoulder, pours water from a carafe that tinkles icily against the glass of the tumblers on the table, tells him that their meal will be on the house. “Pay you back some of what we owe you,” he says, and Steve just smiles a little, not sure if he's supposed to refuse and so hungry that he can't bring himself to care all that much. Fighting like that – all out, no holds barred, running in the red – always leaves him ravenous. He wishes that the waiter wasn't treating him like he was in command, in charge.The interior of the restaurant is all warm gold and wood and earth tones, and Steve lets himself relax  into the soft upholstery of the booth, leaning his head back. “So what is shawarma?” he asks no one in particular, and Natasha answers. “Technically, any of a variety of meats prepared on a spit. Practically, a Levantine Arab dish comprised of spiced meat, tabbouleh, tomato, cucumber, and pita bread, sometimes including tahini or hummus. A fast-food staple across the Middle East.” Stark rolls his eyes at her, but Steve likes the way she delivers information, clear and no-nonsense. It's refreshingly efficient.Thor frowns at her. “Your words offer me no illumination,” he says.Stark grins up at him, flashing and crooked. He punches Thor's armored shoulder gently, and the chime of metal on metal resounds for a long moment. “Don't worry about it, big guy,” he says. “If you don't like it I promise to buy you a pizza. Or six. You look like the kind of guy who could handle six.”“Your offer is kind,” Thor booms, accepting it like it's his birthright, and really Steve has no idea at all what to make of Thor. “It's really good,” Banner assures everyone, his voice once again gentle and ever so slightly disinterested. He's acquired a white t-shirt, several sizes too big for his human body, with “I <3 NY” lettered across the front. It's remarkably hideous.Stark's taken off his helmet altogether, useless after Thor had ripped the f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Movie(s)
Coda
Shawarma
First Kiss
Names
Soldiers
Spoilers
Flash Fic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

