Work Text:
 The first thing Matt notices about Foggy Nelson is that he is a sniveling, spineless excuse for an attorney who cares more about money than morals. The second thing Matt notices about Foggy Nelson is that he smells like hot coffee, sweet with vanilla and cream. The coffee part doesn’t matter. Matt shakes his head sharply to try and dislodge the scent from his nose. The coffee’s not important. The important part is the sniveling, spineless excuse for an attorney bit. Matt hears Nelson talking in a low tone with his client as they leave the courthouse. “I’ll tell the boss.” The nasal tone of the client is aggravating—drug dealer, petty and dumb, couldn’t take a moment of pain without ratting out every name he could think of. “You’ll get a great bonus for this. Honestly, I could get away with murder—“ “Don’t say that.” Nelson cuts him off, and he sounds surprisingly upset. No stomach for the harder crimes, Matt thinks to himself, scathing. “Just… don’t. And tell ‘the boss’,” and he says the title sarcastically, “that I don’t need any more money. I don’t want any more.” “What, you too good for us, Nelson?” The dealer asks—Matt doesn’t remember his name, does it really matter?—and he sounds angry. Matt knows he broke the man’s arm, but he’s got two arms and also a mean swing. Nelson shows absolutely no sign of alarm or fear at the danger. Either stupid or daring, neither a good trait in his line of business. “A cockroach would be too good for you, Mr. Stein.” Nelson tells his client dryly. “But unfortunately they tend to smart enough not to practice law.” Funny, Matt thinks to himself vaguely. He hadn’t thought Nelson would be funny. His client is dumb as a brick and about as witty—he’d expected the lawyer to be the same. The client shuffles off on his way after a few vague threats mixed with expressions of reluctant gratitude. As soon as the roar of the car’s engine—fancy, gas-guzzler, showing off—fades away, Matt hears Nelson sigh. It’s a shaky, weary thing. Nelson has no right to be weary, Matt thinks viciously. Nelson didn’t track this man down over days of searching, get information from him that might save lives, risk his own life to put the man behind bars. Oh, no. Nelson just talked quick and slick and undid weeks of Matt’s work. It took less than a day. Less than a day, and a criminal was back on the streets with less than a slap on the wrist. “I think Ben and Jerry’s is needed here.” Nelson sighs, and Matt hates him a little. Foggy Nelson screws over the entire justice system, and then he gets ice cream.   Matt may say one or two words he’ll probably have to go to confession for when he finds out that Nelson’s been hired to represent Cisco Martinez. The guy’s a snake, one of Mahoney’s goons. He robbed three different supermarkets in one night, stole the money from the tip jars for God’s sake. He was caught on camera. There were eyewitnesses. Nelson gets him acquitted before lunch. Afterwards, Martinez offers to buy him a celebratory drink. Nelson gives a cordial no that sounds rather forced, and points out that it’s really too early to be drinking. The man laughs and offers a rain check. Nelson gives an ambiguous answer, and Matt is sure he’s never going to accept. Nelson is an extreme hypocrite, it appears. The people he represents are good enough to sacrifice all semblance of morality for, but not good enough to break bread with. He refuses three more clients, two of which Matt took down himself, before Matt starts to see the pattern. Nelson takes a client. Nelson uses underhanded methods and letter-of-the-law trickery to prove his client’s ‘innocence’. Nelson refuses any offers of extra money or attention. Nelson gives a world-weary sigh, and Matt hears his cheap polyester jacket rustle when he slumps his shoulders. Nelson goes home and eats ice cream. It’s like clockwork, and it’s baffling. It’s also maddening, because Nelson leaves the courthouse or office where he’s surrounded by people, gets in a cab, and goes home to an apartment that has thin walls and lots of neighbors. Nelson never goes out for drinks or dinner, and although he talks on the phone and texts, he never goes out with friends. There’s never any chance to get him alone and offer some hearty advice to stay the hell away from Matt’s work, possibly with a side of bruising. He needs to get Nelson alone. “Are you okay?” A hesitant voice asks. “I mean, you look kind of lost.” “Why, because I’m blind?” Matt snaps. It’s reflex—it gets people off his back like a charm, no extra effort needed. People are already uncomfortable around his blindness, and being aggressively confronted about it tends to send them running. It takes him a moment to realize the hesitant voice is Nelson. “Uh, no.” Nelson says slowly. “More because you’ve been glaring into space for the last ten minutes and not moving.” “Ah.” Matt says, turning towards Nelson. “Yeah, ah.” Nelson agrees, sounding a little amused. “So, if you need directions or something…” T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Crimes & Criminals
Lawyers
Not-Quite-Crooked Lawyer Foggy
Not-Quite-Sane Vigilante Matt
but that's hardly news
Fluff and Angst
So Your Boss Is a Mob Boss

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

