Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The Winter Soldier stood over the body of his target, but he hadn't been the one to deliver the fatal blow. He bent low over the corpse at his feet to examine the wounds and gather all the information he needed to take back to his handlers. This wasn't part of the mission. Adjustments had to be made. There were signs of a struggle, on the body as well as throughout the hotel room. The work was sloppy, that of an amateur at best, but the Soldier was more focused on his target's face than the mess.The left side of it was peppered with staples, some partially torn out and leaving gruesome rips in the skin and others pushed so deep they left indentions. A photograph was stapled to the man's face, one that had been in the Soldier's file for the mission. He was double dealing arms, shaking hands with the leader of a group HYDRA didn't want him dealing with. The body was still warm, only minutes old by his estimation, so it was possible that the actual killer was still nearby.The Winter Soldier rose to check the exits before spotting a needle that had rolled partially under an over-turned side table. He picked it up and ran the end over his tongue before dropping it again. Drugs, a hallucinogenic, not poison. If it had gotten into whoever had killed his target, it was possible they were still nearby. He swept the room once more quickly before heading out into the hall. Nothing seemed disturbed at first, but then the Soldier noticed a small smear of blood on one of the walls a few feet away and another one a few feet past that. He could see it in his mind's eye, the other operative injured and unsteady, doing his best to get away from the scene in the hotel room.He followed the trail, the blood getting less frequent, but the path of choice becoming clearer. He found the enemy agent collapsed in the stairwell just one floor down, mumbling to himself and huddled in a corner. He was shivering badly and wide, honey colored eyes snapped up to stare at the Soldier with pupils blown-wide as he approached. The Soldier froze for a moment when he saw the other's face. He was young, no more than 16 at the most, and he looked almost familiar. The Winter Soldier crouched down beside him, hands reaching out to snap his neck, when the boy smiled at him."Wow, you're really hot. I guess if I'm gonna get dosed and die in a stairwell then this kinda makes up for it. I think Aunt Peggy might still be pretty pissed though."The boy frowned suddenly as if in thought and his gaze drifted off to the side, eyes losing focus as they looked upon things that weren't really there. It would be easy to kill him, the Soldier knew, child's play, but he found that something held him back from doing so. Something in the boy's features. Perhaps it was the familiarity there, or the lack of fear. Very few people looked at the Soldier without any fear, even his own handlers."You killed the man upstairs."The boy startled as if he'd forgotten the Soldier was there, head whipping around to look at him again. He leaned in closer, his breath ghosting across the exposed portion of the Soldier's face as the boy squinted at him like a particularly interesting puzzle."I was just here to gather information. He wasn't supposed to be back so soon." His shivering picked up again. "He was going to kill me."The Winter Soldier shrugged and glanced over his shoulder. They had been in the stairwell for too long already. He needed to move before someone spotted them and the mission was compromised."He was my target.""Oh." The boy didn't seem overly bothered by that idea, but his face was flushed and his eyes were taking on more and more of a glossed-over quality. "I don't feel so great. Did you know there are ducklings following you?"The Winter Soldier frowned behind his mask."There are no ducklings. You've been given a shot of a high-powered hallucinogenic. Return to your handlers."The Soldier paused, not quite sure why he'd added that last part, but then let it pass. It was not his place to question, just his place to do."My-? Right. Yes. In a van. Outside." He made grabby hands in the Soldier's direction but actually waited so the Soldier could initiate contact. "Help me up, Duck Commander."It must have been because the boy phrased it as a command and his mission was already out of whack, but the Soldier did exactly as he was told. He slid his flesh arm around the boy's back and heaved him up to a standing position, taking most of his weight and placing the palm of his metal arm against the boy's chest to keep him from toppling over. The boy's gaze riveted on the limb instantly."Well, hello, beautiful. And where have you been all my life?"The Soldier decided it was probably best to ignore him and instead focused on hauling him down the stairs. It was a good thing they were in America and all of the guests were lazy enough to stick to the elevators. They made it into the ba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peggy Carter
Peggy Carter & Howling Commandos

freeform: 
Spies & Secret Agents
Family
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes-centric
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Torture
Brainwashing
Slow Build
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protectiveness
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peggy Carter
Basically Everybody Is Protective
Except Obadiah Stane
Obie Can Choke On A Dick
Hydra (Marvel)
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
BAMF Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peggy Carter
Peggy Carter & Howling Commandos

