Work Text:
It takes Clint a while to notice. It’s almost embarrassing, but he has a series of good excuses. In his beginnings at S.H.I.E.L.D. he was never in the offices much, spending a lot of time on assignments and in deep cover, and most of his interaction with Phil had been during briefings and clandestine meetings, and sometimes when he was drugged out of his mind on painkillers after he almost bled out somewhere in Carpatia. Then came the Avengers Initiative, the trip to New Mexico, and the happy time when they were fucking stupid about this thing between them. Phil had to get over his handler-asset issues and Clint had to get over... well, most of the other issues in the book. He has a lifetime subscription and gets the complimentary collectable clock. And after that, Loki, the whole villain-palooza after, the move to the Mansion and what a joy that was... all he says, Hulk should not be allowed to move furniture, ever.He’s been busy, is what he means. And then somehow they arrive at a comfortable lull, with most of the villains somehow deciding to take a time off, maybe to crawl off somewhere and lick their wounds and maybe to form a clubhouse and plot together, fuck knows. Thor uses the time to take Jane home to meet his folks (because meeting some of them during a full scale battle for Earth’s survival doesn’t count), everyone else enjoys a much needed respite, and Tony goes on his honeymoon, like he needs an excuse to whisk Pepper away to yet another exotic location.It’s quiet. Eerily so. Clint counted on some people taking the opportunity and using some of the billion free days they’ve accumulated by never, ever taking time off, but he should have known it was a lost hope. Phil doesn’t go on vacation, Phil uses the time to focus on new agents’ training and rework the duty roster. Obviously.And so, here they are now. With Clint spying on fellow agents from the air shaft and working on his impulse control. It’s going well, he hasn’t tranqued anyone. Yet.*It starts innocently, with Julia and the muffins. Julia is one of the newest agents, she’s not cleared for fieldwork yet. She’s a kid straight out of college, with a pixie-cut red hair, nice smile, and a tendency to bake when she’s stressed, and in this particular line of work, that’s every day. You can tell when she comes in every morning, because there’s an unusual commotion around the fourth floor, everyone having something important to check in the main area, and just happen to need to pass Julia’s cubicle. The baked goods run out fast.“Sorry, last one,” Julia tells a very disappointed agent Sitwell, except she’s totally lying. Clint had seen her hide two more in the drawer, in a light blue cardboard box with a ribbon. (So what, he’s hiding in the ceiling. The reason for that is totally unimportant at this point.) “I’ll have more tomorrow,” she adds and everyone goes back to work, some of the more fortunate ones cleaning out crumbs from their shirts and keyboards. And that would be it, if Clint hadn’t happened to need Phil to sign off on his report. (It’s not a euphemism, unless Phil is on board with making it one. They have a rule about the office, damn it. A rule Clint would be happy to break, except hey, guess who he’s dating, and then guess the chances of the rule breaking ever happening.) Okay, the report isn’t due for a while, but it’s an excuse good as any to hang out in Phil’s office for a while and annoy him into giving up the paperwork for an hour and getting lunch.Apparently he’s not the only one to figure out the paperwork-as-a-valid-excuse tactic, because at some point there’s a polite knock on the door and Julia enters with a manila folder and a certain blue box. “The requisition forms,” she tells Phil matter-of-factly and then, Clint shits you not, takes an uncertain half-step back and then forward, reaches out to touch her hair, curling a short strand around her finger. “And hey, I have some muffins left. Everyone’s at lunch, so I thought maybe you’d like them?” she says, her voice getting a little squeaky there at the end.Clint can’t even. It’s adorable. It’s even more adorable because Phil has no fucking idea what’s going on.(He tends to do that. Newbie agent crush is one thing, he didn’t notice Clint was fucked up over the head for him for years. Frankly, it was a little less adorable then.)“Thank you, Julia,” Phil says, and peers into the box. Apparently the muffins are enough to make him push away the files in front of him which, hey, good to know for future reference. “I was just about to take a break myself, so your timing is perfect. Thanks again,” he adds with an honest-to-god smile.That’s not something people often see here. Clint feels the corners of his mouth rise in an automatic response, but the effect on Julia is a sight to see. “It’s no trouble at all. I bake a lot,” she says, a clear opening of a babble attack. “I’ll be making cinnamon cookies tomorrow, I’ll bring you a batch. The muffins, though, they’re best 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

