Work Text:
He should’ve left by now. He’s been here too long, there’s news footage of him, for God’s sake. 
He should’ve left the moment Loki was secured and the Hulk allowed him back out.
But Tony had been there, hovering at his elbow, whispering the names and serial numbers of all the toys he had in the R&D levels of Stark Tower, low and almost seductive. And never mind that the building’s been compromised, that the entire upper level is wrecked, that there’s broken windows and alien corpses littering the lower levels, that the entire structure has probably taken a solid knock. 
Bruce missed this. Bruce missed research.
Not that he has time to do much more than look, not really. But he trusts Tony. He has no idea why, because there’s probably a lot of reasons why he shouldn’t. But Tony’s been upfront with him, at times disturbingly so, and Bruce’s gut tells him that maybe this is okay, maybe he’s allowed this, just for a moment or two.
“Soooo,” Tony murmurs, voice sliding over the word like a piano scale. “You’re always angry, huh?”
Bruce exhales softly in something like laughter. “Pretty much,” he answers, spirits high despite the low ache in his bones that means the Hulk got a really good workout.
“So, you’re in control of your anger?”
“Pretty much,” Bruce repeats, and his eyes flicker to Tony’s hands, making sure he’s not holding anything he might use to prod, poke, shock or otherwise irritate him. Not that he does find Tony irritating, and apparently that’s almost as unique of a trait as having the Hulk pulsing underneath his skin, if one listens to the grumblings of certain S.H.I.E.L.D. agents.
“All the time?” Tony asks, and Bruce turns away from the flicker of code and images on the floating screens and meets Tony’s eyes. 
He looks fascinated and maybe a little cynical, like it’s a foreign concept to him that somebody not be ruled by their emotions. 
“All the time,” he confirms.
There’s a brief moment where Tony’s studying him, but he doesn’t look repulsed or frightened, isn’t viewing him as something less than human, as an experiment. It’s just that Tony’s a scientist, an engineer, and Bruce gets that, gets the pathological need to understand. 
“So, maybe, just being hypothetical here, if I stomped on your foot, or kneed you in the groin…”
Bruce raises his eyebrows. “Are you planning to knee me in the groin?”
“No, I’m just saying, hypothetically -”
“Are you thinking about kneeing me in the groin?”
“No. Well, yes, I have to be thinking about it to say it, right, because no matter what Pepper might tell you, my mind and my mouth are connected. But I’m purely thinking in the hypothetical sense, not in the actual planning-to-do-it sense, so your groin is safe. Uh. From my knee. You know, specifically.”
He trusts this man. Strange but true.
“Okay, well, as long as my groin is safe.”
“From my knee.”
“Right.” Another of those little exhales that, once upon a time, might have actually been real laughter.
“I’m just wondering about what, exactly, might shake you.”
“Hypothetically?” 
“Exactly.” 
Bruce tugs off his glasses and rubs the end of his shirt against the lenses. Not that it’s actually his shirt, Tony leant it to him, which means it probably cost more than Bruce has spent accumulatively on clothes in his entire life.
“I don’t really think this is an appropriate topi-” Bruce begins, but Tony’s mouth mashing against his interrupts his train of thought fairly effectively.
It’s quick, rough and shockingly fierce. 
Tony pulls back and just stares at him.
Bruce stares back. For what feels like an infinitely long moment, before he sighs. “Are you expecting me to Hulk-out right now?”
“No, why would I be expecting that?”
“Because you’re looking at me like you’re expecting me to Hulk-out right now.”
Tony cocks his head ever so slightly. “I’m not looking at you like I’m expecting you to Hulk-out, and is that a thing now? Is that what we’re call it, ‘Hulking-out’?”
This time Bruce’s exhale is more like polite frustration.
“What I’m expecting, or not expecting, or wondering about, is whether you’re going to punch me for kissing you,” Tony explains, as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
“You’re wondering if I’m going to punch you for kissing me? Specifically, you kissing me because you want to turn me into the Hulk?”
“No, and would you stop with the Hulk thing for five seconds. I mean, geez, obsessed much? I’m wondering if you’re going to punch me for kissing you because I really, really want to get into your pants.”
Bruce pauses, mouth open with an answer that just isn’t forthcoming, and Tony presses a little closer, eyes darting across Bruce’s face, pausing at his mouth, before meeting his gaze again.
“So, we doing this or what?”
And Bruce could ask Tony what the hell he’s even talking about, but they’d both know it’s a stalling tactic. Tony’s the type to go after what he wants without hesitation, Bruce knew that from interviews and news articles before he even met the man. And Bruce?
Bruce is hungry.
Ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Breathplay
Dirty Talk
Community: avengers_tables

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

