Work Text:
Sloppy, sloppy, Barnes. Insisted on "helping out" with the mutated albino alligator in the Bronx (geez, what a goddamn cliché), when of course there were gonna be photographers from the New York fucking Post. Who couldn't let a thing like a guy with a metal arm go by, not in a world where circulation numbers pointed in a straight line to the ground. Just terrific.Absolutely magnificent to go for coffee the next day and have the headline "AVENGERS HOUSING SOVIET ASSASSIN: Are Our 'Heroes' Commie Plants?" placed in front of him by a solemn-faced barista."The fuck.""Yeah, that was my response too," Katie says. "Had to push my way through a hundred reporters just to get in the front door today."At least her cringe holds some sympathy in it."I gave you extra extra whip," she says."Sergeant," Building JARVIS says while he's in the elevator, "if you will, Ms. Potts has requested your immediate presence."Potts, Hill, Stark. And Steve. Great. Staring. Potts's assistant is typing almost as fast as the speed of sound out front. Barnes takes a good slug of mocha to fortify himself."доброе утро, comrades," he says.Two grins (the women), one eye roll (Steve), one scowl (guess who)."Welcome to the show," Hill says, "even though I'm pretty sure it's the last place you wanted to be."That's for damn sure."Bound to happen eventually," Barnes says, "thanks to Romanoff's info dump. How'd she wriggle out of this little confab?""Wriggling is her specialty," Steve growls.Truth."What the hell do we do?" Stark says, "we have to get on top of this before the CIA comes calling.""Or the SVR," Barnes says, "the BND, the MSS, MI6, the FBI, NYPD. I could keep going.""Please don't." Steve looks pained. Or constipated."Transparency," Potts says.Hell no."Don't look at me like that, Barnes, I mean it. It worked for Natasha. It'll work here.""Bullshit.""If I'm wrong," she says, "we have a quinjet with cloaking capabilities and enough money to hide you very deep in some beautiful place for as long as need be.""Me too," Steve says."Of course," Potts says, "I'm already preparing, just in case.""The fuck you say.""Shut up, Bucky.""I will not, Steve. You don't get to drop off the face of the earth because of me. You have friends here. People need you. You're Captain America, for fuck's sake."Hill punches him in the arm. Hard."Stop being an asshole, asshole. 'You have friends here,'" she says in a whiny mockery, "'people need you.' Jerk."She kicks his ankle."Same," Steve says.Barnes regrets ever speaking to these people, with their dumb punching and their rude comments that make him have dust in his eye."Or," Potts says, glaring at him, "like Tony said, get in front of it.""How.""Steve."What."Pardon?" Steve says."Look, Senate Intelligence Committee aside, you're unassailable. How many charity events do you do? How much stumping for veterans' benefits? How many hits does that video have of you rescuing that kitten from the tree?""Two point three billion," Hill says."I could've rescued that dumb cat," Stark says, "I can fly.""The point is," Potts says, patting Stark's arm, "people believe you when you talk. People trust that whatever you're up to, it's the right thing. So if you tell them Barnes is with you -""-then maybe they'll leave him alone.""Maybe.""That's a hell of a lot of faith in the populace," Barnes says."Which is why the quinjet is already fueled and cloaked," Stark says."What do I do?" Steve asks, "press conference?""The sooner the better," Potts says, holding up the paper and its shitastic headline."Right," Steve says.He grabs the paper and sprints toward the elevator before even Barnes can move to stop him."Oh, great," Stark says."JARVIS, I need the TV on now!" Potts shouts.Barnes's pulse is elevated, and his hands itch for weapons the minute the doors open and Steve stands squinting into all the camera lights, two blue-coated security guards flanking him and failing to keep still or look intimidating in any way.But this kind of bullshit? It's Steve's favorite.The reporters are too busy shouting over one another to be understood. Steve holds up the paper."Your Soviet assassin," he says in a voice that probably carries all the way to Jersey, "is James Buchanan Barnes."The entire mass of reporters goes still.Barnes wonders whether he could fit under Potts's desk."Sergeant Barnes has been a prisoner of HYDRA for approximately seventy years. The things done to him during that time were in direct violation of the Geneva Convention, classifying him as a prisoner of war. That arm? It's not armor: it's a device that was grafted onto his body without his consent. His actions in DC and before were performed not only under extreme duress but after years. Years of mental conditioning and torture.""God, he's good," Stark says."But he overcame it," Steve says, softening his tone just enough that the reporters lean in. Even in Potts's office, they lean toward the TV."He overcame all the torture, all the lies." Steve's voice breaks. "Bucky c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
One Shot
Fluff
fluff and cursing
Cursing and fluff
Recovery
Speechifying Steve
Little kids and old people
Not AoU-compliant
Slightly off Canon

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

