Chapter 1: Tony
    




Chapter Text
When Thor fell, everything trembled. The shockwave came up through the air and made Tony's course wobble: that was why he looked down. "Thor's down," Steve's voice came over the comm, calm. Tony could see Natasha running towards the impact crater, and Steve was in defensive position in front of it, shield ready. He should've gotten back to the fight then and there: Doom's second wave of magic-enhanced super-soldiers was still coming, and even though Thor had taken out the miniature Death Star, as Tony had dubbed it, there were plenty of smaller flying guns in the air. Tony didn't know at first what it was that made him pause. Thor was knocked flat, that was all. Nothing that didn't happen once in a while, even to your friendly neighborhood demigod. He was lying pretty still, but okay, he'd taken a hard knock—he'd be fine—Then he realized that he'd seen, out of the corner of his eye, that Loki had stopped fighting. He'd been tangling with a few tanks, some ground troops Clint was backing; all of a sudden he wasn't moving, looking over at where Thor had hit the ground. A shell landed at his feet, blew: the explosion seemed to just float through his body, as though he'd phased out of space, and when it passed he was still just standing there. "Guys," Tony said over the comm, "Thor is down." "Yeah, I said—" Steve said. "No," Tony said, "I mean, Thor is down." And he turned and shot down to the impact crater. Natasha was leaning over Thor's body saying, "Thor—come on, Thor, Midgard is calling," and pinching his earlobe between her thumb and fingernail. Tony hated that. She looked up when he landed and shook her head, brief; there was an anxious furrow between her eyes. That was never a good sign. "He's not breathing," she said. "Okay, back up," Tony said. "Jarvis, I need some juice to the gloves, we're going to do a little high-powered CPR here—"  Natasha's gasp warned him; she flipped back for some distance, guns already clearing her holsters, and Tony whirled and raised his hands defensively. Loki was standing on the edge of the impact crater, staring down at Thor. Tony braced for impact, for attack; Loki didn't even look at him. He stood on the edge for another moment and then stepped down, slowly, one step after another like he was walking somewhere he didn't want to go. Tony backed cautiously away from him, trying to decide whether to pull the trigger—starting a firefight over Thor's unconscious body didn't seem like the best idea if he could avoid it. Loki got to Thor's side, and then he got down on one knee, and then on the other, and stared down at him. "Thor," he said, after a moment. Tony shot a look to Natasha, who had both guns leveled at Loki's head. She looked back and shook her head a little bit: bafflement, uncertainty. "Thor," Loki said, louder, and fast as a striking snake he was reaching out, both hands on Thor's chest, and a sudden pulse of light went through his hands: the ground thumped. Tony staggered back and shot forward as soon as he got his footing back: goddammit, what the hell had he been thinking, letting Loki get—He stopped. Loki had his hands braced on Thor's chest. "Thor!" he snarled; the pulse hit again, and Thor's body jerked, and stayed still, and Loki pulled back away from him and got staggering up to his feet. His eyes never left Thor's face. Thor's eyes were closed, and there was a thin trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth. There was a crunch up above. Tony looked up: Doom himself was standing on the edge of the crater. "Is he dead?" his hollow voice came echoing from behind the mask. "Excellent. We have the advantage, then." He turned and said to someone behind him, "Send in the third wave." Shit. Third wave? "Cap," Tony said. "I heard," Steve said over the comm. He sounded stunned. "Is Thor really—""Doesn't look great," Tony said. "Won't look any better if we let them overrun us." "Loki," Doom said, turning back. "We will need you at the left flank—the Hulk still represents a threat." Loki didn't move at first. Then he looked up at Doom blinking like he'd just woken up. "Loki," Doom prodded. Loki blinked again. Then he said, "May all the work of my hands on this field be accursed and undone." Tony had to take a second to parse it: his tone sounded like he'd said hey, how about those Yankees. Then all of a sudden there were screams and explosions and thunder coming from behind Doom's back, and when Tony shot up a few feet to look past the lip of the crater, he saw the entire wave of super-soldiers collapsing in their gear, which was twisting and contorting around them. The flying guns were falling out of the sky. "What have you done!" Doom bellowed, turning back from looking over the field in horror. At least, Tony was betting on horror: Doom's face wasn't what you would call easy to read. "I will—""Run," Loki said, still in that same tone. Doom paused. "You have killed my brother," Loki explained, as if that made everything ob
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

