Work Text:
 


Clint Barton did not believe that the customer was always right. In fact, Clint knew that customers sucked. So after he got fired from fucking Starbucks in college, for telling a customer that there was no point in using skim milk if she was going to double her whip cream? Well, whatever the fuck. He promised himself that if he were to ever own a business, he wouldn’t give two shits about a fucking customer.
But, hey, he didn’t know he’d meet Phil Coulson, did he?
-
Clint got to work every morning at five. Well, he says, ‘got to work.’ He lived in the apartment attached to the back room. It’s more that he crawled out of bed, threw on the first pair of clean pants he could find and walked into the store shirtless.
He usually opened the door at five thirty, after sweeping and setting up the coffee pots and cleaning the expresso machines. First shift officially started at six, but he generally had one or two regulars that came in at about quarter of. One was a soccer mom out on her morning jog, before her kids woke up and her wife left for work. She had three kids, all blond and each more rambunctious than the last. She brought them in on Italian Ice Cream Thursdays. They’re good kids.
The other regular in before six was also a regular at eight, ten, two, five, and a half hour before they closed at seven thirty (well, officially they closed at eight, but Clint generally kept the door unlocked until midnight. A local artist, Steve, once asked him if he’d ever heard of business law and Clint replied with a smirk and an only barely innocent, “Law? What the fuck’s that?”). Her name was Pepper Potts, and Clint was pretty positive half of his revenue came right from her employer’s, Tony Stark’s, pocket. She didn’t always come in at all those times, because sometimes they were in Japan or France or wherever the fuck, but it was very rare that she missed their first “appointment” at quarter of six, so Clint made sure he always had her usual order when she got there. She was a busy woman, after all, and Clint had met Tony Stark (he not only usually came in at the two o’clock run, but they had also became pseudo friends from Stark’s pure inability to be anything but charismatic), he knew that she needed what help she could get.
He did his morning routine (Still shirtless. He generally didn’t put on a shirt unless one of his semi-regulars, the Captain of Police, Nick Fury, came in and threatened him with a visit from the Health Code Inspector, which never came into fruition solely because Fury had a soft spot for Natasha. Clint thought it was because Natasha was a young, female, Russian version of him.) in record time and opened the shop a bit early.
Natasha was working this morning, which meant it would be an easy shift. Natasha was, like, borderline OCD about everything and would push Clint around the shop, ordering him about with her eyes and giving him disgusted looks when he did something not to her liking. (Clint secretly thought she was an ex-Russian/Soviet spy under the protection of the Witness Protection Agency and didn’t really argue with her about anything, for fear of his life and, more importantly, his testicles.) Clint would complain about Natasha bossing him around, but, well, she was his best worker, no “probably” about it. And, you know, she’s hotter than hell.
(Not that he’d ever say that to her, because hey. Testicles.)
-
The morning got under way, regulars came and went, college kids took advantage of Clint’s free Wi-Fi, and the rare newcomer stopped in once in a while. (You see, Clint’s only repeat customers are customers that started coming to the ‘Shop when he first opened, back when he was still nervous about the ‘Shop being a flop and him having to concede to himself that he made a mistake. He’d been nice (well as close to “nice” as Clint got) and generally not rude, but as time passed and he got more comfortable, he became more Clint-ish and his repeat customers were okay with Clint’s Clint-ness, so. Anyway, Clint didn’t get many new regulars and new customers are generally scared away by his shirtlessness. The fact that new customers were first attracted to the view was not surprising to Clint.)
One such unknown was standing at the counter, staring at the board above Clint’s head. He was dressed in an impeccable suit that had not a single wrinkle or crease, finely groomed hair (with a slight, but not unappealing, receding hair line), and an erectness in his spine that suggested military.
“Can I give you some advice? Or are you trying to read Darcy’s horrible handwriting?” Clint asked. (Before the college senior had been hired two years ago, Clint had written the board himself. He had generally had to repeat the entire menu to the clientele, which Darcy had gotten bored of right off the bat and offered to re-do it for him. Unfortunately, she had bad penmanship in the exact opposite way of him (his small and sharp, hers fat and bubbly), but more people could read it, so it stuck.)

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Thor
past Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
past Clint/Bobbi

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shop
Foodie!Coulson
Barista!Clint
Artist!Steve

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Thor
past Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
past Clint/Bobbi

