Chapter 1: Pericardial Effusion
    


Notes:
Check out this amazing photoset that IdRatherHaveYouMetalArmOrNot made for me!CLICK ME!!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Dr. Steve Rogers hadn’t even taken several steps into the hospital before nearly being knocked over by an ER gurney as nurses rushed a patient in from the ER entrance. He walked down the cream tiled floors, hearing the whispers from nurses and doctors; their hushed, urgent tones sounded like a rushing river. He looked to one of the waiting rooms, seeing people praying, speaking softly; watching TV idly like nothing else mattered. They were like statutes, yet each one so detailed with a passionate story behind it. Steve could talk to the families of his patients for hours. It was the best way he’d get information sometimes, especially since his patients weren’t always the easiest to get information out of.Steve liked to call the hospital the “beehive.”  He, like his many colleagues were always running around, frantic about blood work, new patients, reoccurring patients, emergencies, infectious diseases, emergency surgeries… The list went on and on. He was never bored at work, though sometimes he’d give anything to feel bored. He’d love to walk into work one day and not have to worry about one of his patients getting worse…or dying.He’d just finished his residency and was offered a fellowship to stay on at the Brookdale University Hospital in Brooklyn. It was quite an accomplishment for him, since the hospital was held in such high esteem. It was an honor and a privilege and Steve took it very seriously. He specialized in pediatrics, finding his passion as a second year intern for children. Originally he’d wanted to be an orthopedic surgeon, but the children had stolen his heart, and he’d found he was quite good with them. He’d grown up a sick kid and he felt he could relate better to the children than the adults. He had more stories to share with them. The only downside was watching a child waste away to nothing, or that life-altering moment when he had to tell a family their child was dying. He hated those days. He could remember each and every face that he’d ever had to deliver such news to. He saw the color drain, their eyes dull… It was the worst part of the job.However, today was not one of those. He had a few consulting appointments up in infectious diseases and would be observing one neonatal surgery around noon. “Dr. Rogers!” a woman called out. She had blonde, curly hair and sported pink scrubs. Her name tag had a sticker of Curious George on it.“I told you to call me Steve, Sharon…” Steve responded, picking up one of the files from the nurses’ station and scratching at his neatly-kept beard. He looked at a few of the blood test results of one of his patients. If things went according to plan, this kid was looking to get out of here soon and just be placed on a medication regimen.“Right, sorry,” she said. “It’s an old habit.”“Your charge nurse give you the whole spiel about interns getting pissed when you called them anything but doctor?” he responded, allowing a warm smile to play at his lips.Sharon laughed, nodding. “Actually, yeah…interns can be pretty ruthless. Especially the surgeons.”“Don’t worry, we all soften up by residency. Well,” Steve shrugged. “Most of us.”Sharon nodded, laughing softly. “Oh! The reason I ran over here flipping out. Dr. Connors is in surgery. One of his patients could really use a consult.”Steve nodded;  his brow furrowing as he looked at her intently. “Diagnosis?”“Immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM. James Barnes. Peter Parker’s friend? I think you’ve seen him a few times? He’s sixteen. We’re pretty sure he’s got a pericardial effusion and an infection, but we need a doctor to formally let the labs know what the nurses have been telling them all along…”Steve laughed. “Those darn lab guys!” he joked, shaking his fist to add to the sarcasm. “Sure, I’ll go take a look and order your tests. What room?”“415. Don’t be alarmed when you see him playing a video game. He’s been in the hospital almost monthly. He brings his own TV and everything.”Steve nodded, pursing his lips. “Sounds like a fighter.” Kids suffering from immunodeficiency with hyper-IgM were prone to infection or other autoimmune disorders, even cancer. It was easy for them to fall into depression and self-doubt about their chances. Their disease wasn’t a complete death sentence, but a lot of the infections or diseases they’d become susceptible to could often become such. It was important to keep positive, or at least that’s what Steve thought. He’d seen kids heal and come back from a lot. He’d personally witnessed miracles. He just made damn sure those kids stayed positive.“Thanks, Steve,” Sharon said, pressing her fingers together and bowing to him lightly before she turned and disappeared into another room. Steve nodded to himself, smiling softly. Nurses practically ran the place. It was a shame
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Hospital
Graphic Depictions of Illness
Major Illness
immunal deficiency diseases
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Doctor/Patient
patient!Bucky
Doctor!Steve
Age Difference
Bucky is a virgin
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
First Kiss
First Time
Porn With Plot
Bearded Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
First Time Blow Jobs
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve Rogers
Hospital Sex
Hand Jobs
Rimming
Explicit Sexual Content
Exploring Sexuality
Come play
Come Swallowing
Peter Parker is a sneaky matchmaker
Mentions of homophobia
Coming Out
Falling In Love
Eventual Happy Ending
inexperienced Bucky
experienced Steve
nsfw images in chapter 3 notes
Angst
Bucky will be turning 17 during this fic
cam sex
Light Bondage
Dirty Talk
extremely light dom/sub undertones
psychological illness: Borderline Personality Disorder
Depression
Anxiety
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

