Work Text:
 
It should’ve been a simple mission—bust in, grab the stolen goods, bust out, drop the stuff off with the Nova Corps, smile prettily and pretend not to be ex-criminals. Well, mostly ex-criminals. Okay, still kind of current criminals.
None of them had expected to be ambushed after they’d split up, but they had, they had, and now Peter’s team is being held somewhere, and he’s strapped to a chair, some smarmy asshole grinning victoriously above him. “You’re with the Nova Corps, huh?” Smarmy Asshole says, with a smarmy asshole-ish grin. “Let’s see what secrets you hold, hm?” 
“Like they’d tell me anything,” Peter shoots back, his own cocky grin in place. “And even if they did, I wouldn’t tell you.”
 The man’s smile falls to something small and knowing. “We’ll see.” Two men grab Peter’s head, holding his jaw and forcibly opening his mouth. He would’ve made a crude joke, but he can’t make words around the slippery substance being shoved into his mouth. Hands clamp tight around his nose and mouth, forcing him to swallow.
The substance slides down his throat, hits his stomach, and then, and then—

Peter blacks out.

When he comes to, he’s shaking, trembling all over, and a stream of words are leaving his mouth without his consent. “He still uses it against me even now, as though not letting another person be eaten is a big favour, rather than just common decency. A part of me hates him, really does, for how rough he was with me—he left me alone, let the crew rough me up, even when I was just a kid. But at the same time, I’m so glad I’m not on earth, where she di—where my mom—where—where we used to live. I’m grateful, I am, I mean Yondu’s my father figure—”

The Smarmy Asshole is no longer grinning. Instead, he’s arguing with a confused subordinate, throwing his arms out to gesture at Peter, who continues to shake, words still dribbling out. 

“You said this would work!” Smarmy Asshole hisses.

The subordinate fumbles with a dirty jar of sloshing liquid, looking from it to his angry boss with wide, panicked eyes. “I thought it would! It—it should’ve worked properly, he is human, isn’t he?”

“He looks it. Bleeds red and everything.” 

They turn to Peter, expectantly, and he blabs, “I thought I was human, but I’m apparently I’m not? My dad was something—I dunno, actually. Something not-human.”

“That explains it,” the subordinate says, with a wince.

“I never met my dad, and I hope I never do, though I kind of want to, just so I can punch him for leaving me and mom. He’s the reasons she—it was so hard on her, being a single parent—”

“Shut the fuck up,” Smarmy Asshole snaps.

“I can’t—I can’t, I’m trying. Why can’t I stop? I want to stop, but the words keep coming—” It’s a little bit like vomiting, Peter thinks. There’s something uncomfortable sitting in his stomach that his body is rejecting, fighting to bring it up and expel it. Except, instead of bile, it’s all of Peter’s secrets, all the hidden parts of himself, even the most insignificant ones. “—I just want to tell you everything. Like, I didn’t do the dishes this morning. I should’ve, it was my turn, but when Rocket asked, I blamed it on Drax. I shouldn’t have done it, but I don’t feel bad about it, doing the dishes sucks—”

The subordinate puts his face in his hands. “Oh, my god.”

Smarmy Asshole’s face screws up, disgusted at Peter, the babbling mess he has become, chained in front of him. “Throw him in the cell,” he tells the guards by the door. “I have no use for him like this.”
 
  
Peter is is thrown into a cell. His soft groans are drowned out by the sounds of his protesting teammates—namely, Rocket’s swears and promises for retribution. The guards had had to half carry, half escort Peter there, his own body too weak to support itself, and when they push him inside the cell, he flops against the wall uselessly.

“You assholes think I can’t get out of here, huh?” Rocket calls when the door slinks shut. He doesn’t say anything to Peter, barely even looks at him, no doubt too focussed on an escape plan. “I’ll show you!”

“Don’t bait them,” Drax advises.

“I’ll do what I like,” Rocket shoots back, all ire, no real heat behind the words. 

“I am groot.”

“Don’t take his side, you leafy traitor!”

Peter slides against the cell wall, legs giving out. Butt flat on the ground, the restraints reach up and curl around his wrists, locking into place. An automatic locking systems. Shit. Those are expensive; their captors must have money, if they can afford that. Who knows what other kinds of security they have.

The bindings are thick and cold, but Peter barely registers the metal cuffs. Everything feels too far away.

His teammates are still shouting, but Gamora is silent. Her keen eyes are focussed on him, assessing. She’s too vigilant, he thinks. 

And then words come, unbidden: “You’re so vigilant, Gamora. You’re really special. You think your skills make you monster, but they don’t. It makes you--it makes you awesome. I think you’re awesome, you know
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

freeform: 
Truth Serum
Non-Consensual Drug Use
hurt!Peter
Hurt/Comfort
Team as Family
team fic
vague descriptions of child neglect
Self-Esteem Issues
Kink Meme
Emotional crap
Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Quill & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

