Work Text:
Tony doesn't do paperwork after a mission, though he does sometimes record his own summary of events, which includes all the pertinent information. Or maybe just the interesting parts. Which is where things get complicated because what he considers interesting and what Fury considers interesting - interesting apparently being 'vital and need-to-know' - are often two very different things. Pepper flatly refuses to do his mission reports, due to the weak excuse that she's never actually there. Like that's ever stopped her from knowing what's going on.
Tony's summary of the mission so far would involve an angry diatribe on supervillains who build their lairs on the top of a mountain and then rig the whole thing to blow at the first hint of trouble. It would also include a scathing attack on people who use a combination of acid and electricity as their front porch burglar deterrent, because that's just nasty. As is crashing through the roof of said supervillain lair. Though Steve Rogers might have some sort of note to add there about whether landing on him is more unpleasant than landing on the ground. Tony always appreciates outside input from reputable sources. All things considered his post-mission summary wouldn't exactly be a ringing endorsement for the supervillain lifestyle. Because no matter how cool it all sounds on paper it always seems to end up being a really bad day for him.
That is if he actually gets to the post-mission part, since him and Steve are currently buried in the half-collapsed basement of a mountainside retreat, and the temperature is dropping about ten degrees every hour. Though he could be wrong about that, he's been known to exaggerate when he's testy. They're not going to see back-up any time soon either, since everyone's on downtime. Last he remembers, Thor's in Asgard doing something which likely involves a lot of shouting, drinking and encouraging people into things that will leave them with bruises and memory loss. Banner is probably still in his lab, either working on a cure for cancer or secretly making his own LSD. Clint, Coulson and Natasha are - hell if he knows - probably playing the world's most badass version of Clue. They were only supposed to be doing basic recon, nothing hazardous, no reason to worry. They're not supposed to check in for a couple of hours, and after that it'll be another two hours minimum before anyone worries about them, then thinks about sending help. Which is more than enough time in this underground freezer. Because it's more than cold in here, it's the nasty, persistent painful sub-zero temperature that doesn't bother with the pleasantries of introductions but knifes straight through you like an assassin instead.
Tony can't feel his fingers, which is making the repairs difficult, metal grating against metal without any of the finesse he's capable of. Technically it's not even repairs any more. He might as well be just jamming everything together for all the progress he's making. The only reason he can see to work is the faintly muted glow coming from his chest. He's not sure of the sunlight/ice penetration ratios but it certainly felt like half the mountain came down on them. He's going to concede that maybe cold weather gear would have been a really good idea. Only that's just another one of those things he only ever seems capable of regretting later. Flying by the seat of your pants wouldn't be half as much fun if you remembered to pack absolutely everything before you left.
He's already wearing Steve's jacket - because of course Captain America dresses for the weather - which he would have refused, in some sort of manly way, if he'd been able to talk through the sound of his teeth smashing together. And he'd refused to suffer the indignity of Steve wrestling him into the damn thing, which Tony knows he would have done, with the sort of steely determination usually saved for small children who want to go out and play in the snow. Because he would never have lived that down. But he can still feel the cold taking the scenic route through his entire body. He can't tell which way it's traveling - up from his feet, down from his neck, the middle of his chest to everywhere else. All he knows is that it feels like he's bleeding out backwards.
Fucking gloves at least, he couldn't have packed gloves? Steve had thought to bring gloves - granted he'd lost them putting down the acid-spitting sentry robot, but he'd had some originally.
Not that it matters, the suit is going nowhere, he was pretty sure of that at the start but now he's certain. He could probably make it move, at a push. It wasn't going to fly again, but he could probably get it to slowly crash into a wall, maybe, if he really tried. Before the cold and the wet turned the whole thing into an expensive and attractive but ultimately useless modern art sculpture. Though that wouldn't solve their current problem. Also, Tony's bones have taken about as much blunt force trauma as he's wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hypothermia

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

