Chapter 1: Move-In Day
    




Chapter Text
After Afghanistan and Iron Man, SHIELD gave Tony a choice. He could out himself as Iron Man, or claim it was a bodyguard, and hide his face from the world.Agent Agent had never said anything, but Tony had hacked SHIELD's servers and knew they wanted him to go the bodyguard route. Yes to Iron Man and no to Tony Stark, and all that.That, as well as keeping Pepper safe, made him go with the bodyguard cover, and flimsy as he thought it was, no one questioned it.Of course, why would they? Tony Stark was no superhero.---After Afghanistan, Tony hadn't escaped unscathed. The Iron Man suit wasn't cosmetic - not all of it, anyway. There was the arc reactor in his chest, of course, but the suit did in fact make it easier to breathe, and assisted in his movements, giving Iron Man an easy, if slightly robotic, gait which Tony Stark had to work harder to fake.And then there were the scars.The only reason Tony Stark was still the public's unmarked playboy was due to some very advanced engineering by Stark himself.The facial-disguising masks had instantly been bought out by SHIELD when he'd decided to produce the technology for them, but the one he had was a higher quality than those he sent them. To an extremely keen eye, knowing what to look for, theirs were detectable. His was not. Even once the Avengers were formed and he had to keep the disguiser on permanently when not in the suit, Natasha and Barton, the two best spies SHIELD had ever had, hadn't been able to detect his mask.It'd been harder to produce something similar to the face disguiser for his arms and hands which could keep up the illusion even when holding things, but eventually he succeeded. The disguisers couldn't do anything about tactile touch, however, and Tony had never been more relieved to already have a history of being unwilling to be handed things.Now that evolved into not being touched.He had a contract with one very discreet escort service which he used to make sure Tony Stark always still had someone on his arm, but his date was always under the strictest instructions to avoid any and all skin-to-skin contact, and would even occasionally help intercept anyone else trying to get too close to Tony.And of course, all of them were paid handsomely enough to swear under oath that yes, they'd had intercourse with Mr. Stark, and he'd lived up to his reputation, thank you your honor.Tony had been a little nervous about the Avengers finding out, so he'd had to set a few ground rules when he invited them into new Avengers Tower."Hey, if it isn't my favorite group of superheroes," Tony said, ignoring the slightly irritated looks he got in return. Those were commonplace for Tony Stark."I'm sure Iron Man passed on the offer, but you're all welcome to stay here. You each have your own floor, and there's a gym on another floor, a lab for Dr. Banner on another, this is the communal kitchen and common area, and you've all got smaller kitchens on your floors too. If you need anything, let me know, or buy it yourself. These," he threw small envelopes at each Avenger, "are your access cards for the building. If you'll put your thumbs on the back of the card - yes like that - JARVIS now has your biosignatures, and no one can use those cards except you all. And there are your new credit cards, use them, there's no limit, although I've been warned about you," Tony pointed at Barton, who half-stepped back for a moment, slightly startled by being singled out during the speed talking, "and if you start buying suspicious things for pranking me, JARVIS will block the purchase. You've been warned. Now, any questions?"The four Avengers present (Thor had returned to Asgard but had a floor in case he came back later) stared for a moment, caught for the first time in a Stark speech. Steve was looking at his black credit card with a slightly appalled look, while Barton seemed to be trying not to leer at his."Good. Then, just a few house rules, and I'll let JARVIS show you to your apartments. Which, right, introductions. Avengers, meet JARVIS, he's my AI," Tony said, and paused for a moment when Captain America looked confused.
 
“Please to meet you,” JARVIS said politely.
 
The four of them jumped, Natasha and Barton’s hands twitched towards their weapons."AI, like Artificial Intelligence?" Steve asked.Tony winced internally."Right, you were a Capsicle for seventy years, sorry. Yes, J's an AI. No, Barton, he isn't going to go Skynet," he added, seeing the look on the agent's face which he recognized as his I'm-holding-in-a-joke face. "Don't worry about the reference," he added back to the Captain, "he runs the house, and Iron Man's armor, and he's in all your phones. Oh, right."He tossed them each a new StarkPhone in a new model that wouldn't be on the market for six months. Plus Avengers add-ons and higher security settings than would appear on the open market for several more years."Phones. JARVIS is in them, just ask him if you can'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
squint for the ship
preslash - Relationship

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Burns
Trust Issues
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Marvel Cinematic Universe Phase Two Compliant
I ret-conned CA2 and IM3 and Thor 2
More or less IM and IM2 compliant
Secret Identity Fail
Identity Reveal
Self Confidence Issues
AKA Tony Stark people
Chronic Pain
Painkillers
Drug Addiction
Necessary drug addiction
Temporary Character Death
Major Character Injury
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hopeful Ending
more hopeful than happy
Not A Fix-It
Dead Phil Coulson
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Science Bros
Team Bonding
Domestic Avengers
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Cooks
Hacking
Flashbacks
Arguing
Idiots
Engineering Coma
Pillow Fights
Intervention
Perceived Alcoholism
(but not actual alcoholism)
Misunderstandings
Cooking
Concussions
Tony makes Bad Decisions
no bots were harmed in the making of this fic
some household appliances may have been harmed in the making of this fic however
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
squint for the ship
preslash - Relationship

