Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was happening more and more often, now. Steve worried his lower lip as he stared down at the still blank page of his sketchbook. Thinking and letting himself trace back through over a year of shared history.Even when he and Tony had been feeling out the boundaries of their relationship, in the months after the Chitauri Invasion and the massive cleanup effort that followed, he couldn't seem to stop himself thinking about Tony's armor in a way that, well, he probably shouldn't have. But something about the grace and the power inherent in it was just that sexy. And the fact that Tony was piloting it sure as hell didn't help. In fact, Steve suspected that was a large part of the appeal. But most of all it was the way the armour didn't reduce his manual dexterity at all. That was just...Steve suppressed a blush, even knowing he was alone in the room.But he had never quite worked up the nerve to ask Tony about it -- and Tony had never guessed -- before Bucky reentered their lives so dramatically. And that had only made things worse, in a lot more ways than just the obvious.Despite the fact that they were both still reeling from the events of the past Christmas, Tony's nightmares, and the Mandarin's manipulation, Steve couldn't not go to DC when Fury called him in. Not when Fury had hinted at something much deeper than the missions he'd been given thus far. Not when Fury lied as easily as he told the truth and layered schemes within schemes like a chess grandmaster would.Tony had been upset and frustrated that he couldn't tag along to help, but had reluctantly given in to the inevitable and agreed. He'd sent Steve off with a scorching kiss and a demand that he come home in one piece.Steve couldn't help the way his fingers drifted to his lips at the memory, even now.Tony'd had to stay in new York to rebuild Stark Industries' reputation again after that mess with the Mandarin, despite having very publicly saved the President and stopped the oil spill that the exploding tanker would have caused.Afterwards, Tony had come storming into the hospital ward, still half in his suit though it had been in the process of retracting and stowing itself away, and all but collapsed into a chair next to the bed to hold his hand for hours in dead silence, or so Sam told him. He'd still been out for the count, so he didn't know the full truth of the matter, but Steve was inclined to believe Sam over Tony, who'd denied it all vehemently. It was also something of a relief to know Sam was fine with their relationship. It hadn't been a real worry, since Sam was a stand-up guy, but it had pricked at Steve every so often. It still amused Steve that Sam had been so impressed with Tony's armour that he'd talked about it for days. Albeit not when Tony was around.Once Steve was out of medical and they had returned to New York to hole up in Stark Tower while the dust from the information leak slowly settled, his traitorous brain had started spinning filthy fantasies again. Which would have been fine under most circumstances, but after the recent events, he couldn't stop himself wondering what it would feel like to have Bucky's metal hand all over him. In him. He buried the notion as best he could by jumping Tony anytime he had the opportunity. Doing his best to forget that he'd ever been attracted to Bucky.It took another six weeks to bring the Winter Soldier in, and seven more on top of that to bring enough of Bucky back that the surviving remnants of SHIELD would consent to let him live in the Tower. The moment the information leak that Natasha had made had been discovered by the Internet, Tony had picked it up, through JARVIS. He'd been the one to see it for the opportunity it was to have Fury owe him a big favor, immediately mobilize any SHIELD agents he could find in New York proper that JARVIS assured him were clean and assemble them in the large Tower conference room; the one that took up a whole floor of the building. Then he'd had JARVIS scrambling messages to any of the undercover agents who would be open targets in the next few hours, prioritized by how sensitive their missions were and how difficult it would be to contact them. All of this had resulted in a very large and very confused group of people getting very hurriedly briefed on the situation and organized to help bring in any of the remaining uncompromised agents that they could.Long afterward, Fury, very grudgingly, had admitted that without Tony's immediate action, they would have lost a hell of a lot more people. It had been enough of a blow as it was.In the week that had followed the leak, Steve had been laid up, recovering. He'd spent the next five searching for and not finding Bucky. It had been nerve wracking; after the second week, he'd stopped keeping a count of the number of times he'd come close enough to almost see Bucky turn a corner and vanish. After the fourth week, he'd given in and returned to the Tower and Tony, who he knew was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
Established Relationship
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Object Penetration
Object Insertion
Porn
Tech Porn
Armor
Armor Kink
Armor Porn
science talk
Dirty Talk
reasonably accurate real world science
Steve and JARVIS are totally BFFs
Workshop sex
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex
Wall Sex
shared baths
Bathtub Sex
Fingerfucking
Phone Sex
basically lots of sex
Barebacking
Possessiveness
Marking
Biting
minor exhibitionism
mention of kink negotiation
Steve knows what he wants and how to get it
takes place just post-Cap2
and pretty much ignores all subsequent MCU canon
Mission Fic
Costume Kink
Uniform Kink
Sex Toys
Improvised Sex Toys
Steve is bad at phone sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

