Work Text:
Matt hates listening to Foggy’s heartbeat, the day they meet. Foggy’s heartbeat is healthy and strong, so it comes through loud and clear in Matt’s senses. It’s not a bad heartbeat, it’s just… It’s too fast. “H-Hi. You must be my roommate. Um, nice to meet you.” Foggy stutters a bit on the words, and Matt hears the tiny hitch in his breath before he speaks, a shaky inhale like he’s gathering his courage. Matt’s heard this all before. In fact, he’s already heard it more than once today. Matt hasn’t seen his reflection in years, but apparently he grew into his gawky frame and goofy smile. People have a tendency to swallow a lot around him, sweat a little bit, and fumble their words. Their heartbeats race like rabbits. Foggy Nelson appears to be no exception. And Matt kind of wants to run, because having a roommate who is attracted to you doesn’t seem like the best idea. Matt’s sure Foggy wouldn’t assault him or anything, he can tell that as soon as he hears Foggy speak—warm and a little nervous and kind—but that doesn’t mean it won’t be awkward. Foggy might be the clingy kind of crush, the kind that constantly wants you to pay attention to them and gets jealous when you talk to other people. He might be the clumsy kind of crush that stutters around Matt all the time and trip over things (like Matt) when he's anxious. He might be the lusty kind of crush aroused easily, and he’ll be sleeping in the same room and having explicit dreams about Matt and Matt will have to hear them. It’s a horrible idea, really, but Foggy does sound warm and kind, and Matt thinks he might be able to give it a try just for a little while. If it gets too awkward, he can just bow out and say something vague about how it’s easier for him to have his own room because of… blind things. ‘Blind things’ tends to throw people off, make them uncomfortable and get them to stop asking questions. “Yes, that’s me. Nice to meet you too.” Matt makes the fatal mistake of smiling and actually meaning it, and he hears Foggy’s heartbeat skip and then speed up even more. Matt’s a little worried Foggy’s going to have a heart attack, which would not be an auspicious first meeting. And Matt doesn’t want to hear it, doesn’t want to know. If he didn’t hear Foggy’s heartbeat, he probably wouldn’t guess that Foggy was attracted to him—Foggy stutters a little, but that could just be because he’s anxious about meeting his new roommate and making a good impression. Other than the anxiety, he just sounds friendly. Matt would hear that, and he would be able to smile and say hi and not worry about inconvenient attraction. But he hears Foggy’s heartbeat, and he can’t pretend he doesn’t.  Matt is incredibly glad he took a chance on Foggy as a roommate. Matt sort of adores him. Foggy’s sweet and smart and he’s a good friend. He doesn’t care that Matt’s blind, doesn’t hesitate and tiptoe around him. He leads Matt when Matt asks him, and he tells funny stories about what people look like, but otherwise he doesn’t act any differently than he would with anyone else. Foggy gives Matt Braille books for his birthday, all the novels and poems Matt loves, the ones that he mentioned absently once or twice and Foggy remembered. Foggy’s the best friend Matt’s ever had. Foggy is still attracted to him. A lot. His heartbeat goes crazy when Matt comes into their room, sweaty and breathless from going to the gym. It races when Matt takes his arm for Foggy to lead him. It skips a beat when Matt forgets to bring a shirt to the shower and has to duck back into the room and grab one. Matt thinks it might actually stop when Matt comes back after class and he hears the squeak of the bedsprings when Foggy sits up, and Foggy smells like sex but just like himself, no one else, and it’s thick in the air and Matt heard Foggy saying his name, Matt thought he was just welcoming Matt back instead of oh, god. Matt babbles something from the hallway about going somewhere for something and gets the hell out of there. Foggy is extremely embarrassed when Matt finally comes back, but Matt refuses to even acknowledge it happened. Foggy believes him (because Foggy always believes him, even when Matt''s lying). He thinks Matt didn't catch him, didn't almost walk in, didn't hear Foggy moaning his name so desperately. Matt never tells him differently. Foggy believes he got away with it that one time, but after that he's careful. Matt never catches him at it again. He is eternally grateful for Foggy’s discretion. And Matt tries everything after that day. He tries everything he can think of to make Foggy stop being attracted to him. He chews with his mouth open, and he leaves his dirty clothes on Foggy’s side of the room, and he hums loudly when he knows that Foggy’s trying to study. Foggy tells him fondly to close his mouth before his food gets a chance to escape. Foggy picks up Matt’s dirty clothes and hides them until Matt apologizes. Foggy hums along with Matt and doesn’t seem distracted from his s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Denial
Oblivious
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Enhanced Senses

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

