Chapter 1: Once Upon a Time in Midwinter
    




Chapter Text

New York, 2015
The list of things that make Bucky's mouth curl ever so slightly upwards (but enough to be classified as a smile) is a short one, and apples occupy a high sixth position. Steve Rogers is, of course, number one, which Tony Stark is only slightly miffed about, but JARVIS seems to be a close second, which Sam counts as partial a win on Tony's account. Natasha and Sam have to share the third spot (which: ouch), but there are worse fates: the electric snuggie with seven heating modes is number four, followed by chocolate, then the apples. After the apples there is the brand new mp3 player that Tony personally installed in Bucky's left wrist, ignorable by the casual observer (provided the casual observer's first thought isn't "holy shit, that guy's arm is made of metal!"), but intimately connected to the completely indiscreet Bluetooth headphones. Sam reminds himself periodically to ask about the special features, because if he stands really still he can hear the wisps of music, so after spending enough time as the Silent, Comforting Presence he knows Bucky's flipping through the songs by tapping his fingers, and that is hella impressive, in his book. Rounding up the list are fancy bath salts and sunshine, both strong contenders to have made it this high up.It stands to reason that the smiles are not the same. Steve's smile is less a smile per se, but rather a multi-platform performance. It begins with a full-body glow, combined with a shy, subtle softness, and whose culmination is the delicate curve of Bucky's pink lips. It's unreal to the point that Sam's strongly considering emailing Snuggle an apology video: he never believed in true softening magic (and in fact derided the creepy bear's addiction to the stuff) until he saw the snips and snails and puppy dog tails under the Winter Soldier's skin become buttery-soft and glowy. It's also worth mentioning that when Steve is being particularly endearing and whatever is keeping Bucky running is pulling out all the stops on the glowing front, the air miraculously starts to smell like cherry blossoms. No joke, Sam confirmed this with Natasha. The air shimmers and any day now there would be cherry petals floating past.The smile reserved for JARVIS, in contrast, is full of wonder and delight, lightly sprinkled with curiosity, communicated in a fractional widening of eyes. Sam's and Natasha's smiles are identical, and happen in sharp bursts of joy; they are sudden and shared like a playful slap to the shoulder. Current count: eight for Sam, eleven for Nat, but Sam's got big plans for the weekend, which should leave Natasha in the dust.Rest of the items on the list have its own particulars, but they aren't special. Comparatively speaking, that is. Anyone can smile like Bucky does when they are sitting in a sunbeam with soft music seeping directly into their ears, it's an experience that smiling is for, but there's no magic in that, or in any of the little things that make Bucky pause and trail a careful finger down their surface in silent wonder that wrecks Sam's poor heart and does unspeakable things to Steve's.Apples though. First of all, apples, in the elusive Barnes experience, have to be a hilarious joke at the world's expense, because the little smile that everyone treats, rightfully, like a miracle, has it all: a twist to the mouth, a faint crease in the forehead, and a fleeting glance at Steve. Plus, the smile has lasting power for something with such an ephemeral cause. Not that – and Sam sighs internally, because damn it, he didn't eschew philosophy in favor of Air Force to be saddled with inconvenient metaphysics – humans aren't ephemeral to a man who intermittently saw a century go by, and stands to see another. Nonetheless, the smile you can just barely see behind an apple's glossy surface is a secretive one, one that shares with the world only what it needs to, and not a thing more, and Sam, for one, needs to know why.All in all, the apple thing is nagging at Sam. He's not a terribly curious person by nature, but hell, he is a therapist now. God willing, he will never see another case as professionally interesting as Bucky's, and it's bringing out whatever curiosity he's got stashed in the back of his mind. He's also not the only one affected, as it turns out, because Natasha grabs him by the elbow one day in the sad season that passes for winter in big cities and asks, "What is with Bucky and apples?""How should I know?""Steve tells you things.""He tells you things, too."The staring contest goes on for a while. Sam is more or less sure the two of them have equal claims on the second spot in Steve's affections. The distant, unattainable first is now and forever held by the unquestionable champion of the Steve-lympics, James Buchanan Barnes, and that's cool, it's a fact of life. Sam's not gonna go up against a guy that the Power of Love brought back from a Dark Place. He's a roman
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sam Is a Good Friend
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Tony Being Tony
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

