Chapter 1: Between The Idea And The Reality
    




Chapter Text
Loki is the younger brother, but in the months that have become Midgardian years since his fall from the Bifröst, to Thor’s eye Loki has both looked and felt older than he himself. Bitterness and hatred have etched deep lines upon his face, have hardened the fragile emerald of his eyes to something closer to the adamant fallacy of green-stained diamond. And even though Loki continues to deny their blood relation, in Thor’s mind he will always be his elder – he will always remain the one who was supposed to protect Loki throughout their entire long and lively existence.
Yet he always feels the younger, the confused, the naïve one when he faces Loki across a battlefield. As a warrior born and raised Thor hides it behind a façade of righteous anger and justice-driven reason – but every time Loki has pushed him back with seiðr, every time Thor has raised Mjölnir to him his heart has beat a little slower, as if willing the world to end before they both destroy that which makes it worth living in.  
“Do you really think this is going to work?”
Of course it is the archer who speaks. The man always goes for the heart of any matter, and rarely does his aim not hold true. The Lady Natasha raises her eyebrows, flicking her gaze to him, but says nothing. She has always been much more reticent with her thoughts, but then that is why Thor is often unable to think of one without the other. In such a complementary fashion these two mortals are ever a pair to his mind.

As we were. Thor and Loki. Loki and Thor. Princes of Asgard, brothers of blood and bond and heart and soul. How often did they ever see one without the other, in the golden vaulted halls of our ancestors?

The doctor breaks into his troubled musings, each word low and sure. “It seems to be, so far.”
With some reluctance, born of guilt and uncertain morals, Thor turns to look again through the glass that separates their small chamber from the larger beyond. The doctor stays as an almost constant presence here while the others come and go. Strangely it is Barton and the Lady Natasha who have stayed the longest. Thor is not sure what that says about either of them, or their experiences with Loki in the past.
But he doesn’t want to think of the past. Or at least, not that past. The distant past is more comforting, and he can see that in the youthful lines of Loki’s pale face; a kind of childish peace has returned to him even in this unnatural sleep. There is a future in this, Thor thinks. In this wrong they can indeed make something very right.
Or so he must tell himself.
The glass cracks beneath his fingers.
“Uh, big guy.” The archer steps closer to where Thor now leans too heavily upon the panel, though he is sensible enough not to put a hand on him. “We’ve kind of already blown the budget for internal property damage around the place this month, yeah?”
Lady Natasha sips her coffee, mostly to suppress a snort. Thor thinks bleakly he recognises that only because Loki had had much the same mannerism, years ago. “Maybe you shouldn’t have attempted to mate that flamethrower with your bow, then.”
“A man’s gotta have a hobby, Tash.”
“I thought that was what the X-Box was for.”
“There was an accident with the X-Box.”
One well-shaped eyebrow curves in high scepticism. “Involving a makeshift self-detonating arrow cum flamethrower, yes.”
Thor tunes them out. Often their arguments go over his head – although not half as often as anything and everything that comes out of the ironic curve of Tony Stark’s mouth – but that’s not why he doesn’t listen. He’s never quite worked out what they are to each other, but it doesn’t matter. They just are. The Lady and her Archer. The Archer and his Lady.
That alone seems to explain why he takes comfort in their presence even as he wishes to shout at them to go away and leave him to his peace and his pain.
“Will he wake soon?” he asks, tiredly; Dr. Banner looks up from his constant vigil over the bank of electrified Midgardian enchantments that tell him the secrets of his brother’s body, if never his mind.
“I think so.” Removing his glasses, he runs a hand back through his hair. The motion leaves much of it sticking up in crazy peaks that ought to be amusing. At that moment, Thor wonders instead if he’ll ever smile again even as the doctor squints at another display. “You have to understand, it’s hard to be sure of anything. His…physiology is odd, even for what little we know of his own race.”
The words unspoken are clear enough even to a mind that’s not inherently disposed to subtlety – and even you cannot help us, because for all you call him brother we know that you are nothing of the sort, at least not in blood and biology.
“Do you really think this is going to chill him out?” The archer is doubtful, and Thor is too weary to resent him for it as he takes his seat once more. “I mean, I know some guys go all ga-ga over their kids and I freely admit if I had rugrats and s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
dubious moral choices
Mpreg
cracked drama
dubious narrative choices
triggering content
Medical Experimentation
The Author Regrets Everything
Community: norsekink
i hope nobody was expecting a happy ending
because i got nothing
you must always blow on the pie

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

