Chapter 1: There Were Invitations?
    




Chapter Text
It was already dark out when Thor banged his way into his brother's room, the door nearly unhinging.Loki looked up from where he was curled up on his bed, a book in his hands, "Thor, when the door's closed it usually means to knock.""There is a party tonight!" the blond boomed. "And we are going."The smaller of the two brothers just arched an eyebrow before turning back to his book, "Have fun then.  I'll be staying home."For half a second the larger brother's face fell before he shook his head. "No, brother. You always stay in. That's not the point of college!""No, you're right.  The point of college is to study, get a degree and hopefully go on to a career.  Unless I am greatly missing something," Loki replied, dryly, reaching for a bookmark."You are," Thor protested, stepping further into the room. "Come on, brother! You have to live a little. What are you even reading?" he asked, plucking the book out of Loki's hands.The black-haired man sat up straight, reaching for the book, "Give it back! I don't care for the parties you go to.  I have my dance club for social interaction.""It's a club," Thor replied, still looking at the book. "That's different. You should meet more people."
Loki finally managed to grab the book, "If I go tonight are you going to drag me out to any others this quarter?""If I say I won't will you come?"The younger brother sighed, and finally nodded, "But only if you promise not to drag me out again before break."Thor made a face. "Must you be so adverse to sociability and fun?""I hardly consider these revelries fun, brother," he rose from the bed, stretching.Thor rolled his eyes. "Just... smile, alright?" he said, already leaving.His brother offered him a grimace instead, finding a less rumpled shirt and switching it out with the one he was wearing."Come on, brother!" Thor called from the door."Coming!"  He snatched up his jacket and pulled the door to his room closed before joining his brother, passing the taller blond on his way out of the apartment.c-c-c-cBy the time Thor and Loki finally arrived, the party was already in full swing. Though it wasn't at his apartment, the host of the night was Tony Stark, which meant it would probably go down in the annals of parties everywhere.
Said host was not really enjoying it however.Steve Rogers looked around, trying to locate the host of the evening.  He finally spotted him and made his way over, offering the smaller man a bit of a grin, "Hey, Tony.  Not a bad turn-out for you tonight."Tony turned, blinking in some surprise and his eyes lit up slightly. "You came," he said, sounding a little surprised. "Well, I certainly have a good turn out now."The blond's smile brightened, "Well, I got an invitation, figured I ought to at least show up.""There were invitations?" Tony blinked once."Sort of?  Pepper mentioned it on our way out of class a couple days ago," Steve answered with a shrug."So you came," Tony said, with an easy grin. "How sweet."The smile took on a confused edge, "I thought I'd at least stop by anyhow.  See how it was going.""And how are you finding it?" Tony asked, still grinning and looking more relaxed."A bit noisy, kinda crowded, but not all that bad.""Really?" Tony asked, crossing his arms over his chest. "I'm surprised. You don't seem the type to show up at parties. Like those thrown by me."Steve half-shrugged, "I'll probably clear out early, but I don't mind when they're getting warmed up.""But, that's the most boring part," Tony protested.The blond offered him a long look, "Yeah, it's also the part that makes it so I can get up in the morning.""Oh please," Tony waved a hand grandly. "That's not the point of a good party.""Some of us like to be awake for class," Steve answered.Tony gave him a long look. "Oh please. Firstly, that's the whole point of throwing parties on the weekend, and secondly, class is hardly all that important.""Some of us think it is," came the response, accompanied by a small frown.Shrugging again, the slender man waved a hand. "Well, yes and no. Skipping out on one class is hardly going to end the world though.""Is school really that much of a joke to you?"  Steve asked incredulously.  "It's better to have those for emergencies than for a hangover.""You gotta live a little," Tony shot back, eyes flickering."Like you?""Well, not everyone can reach my standards," Tony replied, puffing up slightly as someone ran into his shoulder on the way to the bar and he brushed them off.Steve looked him over, shaking his head, "No, they can't.  So I'll 'live a little' in my own way, if it's no trouble to you.""Well how's that then?" the shorter asked, crossing his arms over his chest."Going to the early part of parties, and getting up in the morning for classes, work, and or a run," the blond replied."And the fun there is...?" Tony asked, tilting his head and smirking."Not being groggy all day, which means enjoying daytime activities more."Tony rolled his eyes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
broken people with complicated emotions
Tony does not cope with affection well
Cheating

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

