Work Text:
1. SuperSpy Baby?Only female member of the Avengers, Natasha Romanov seemed to have gained a little weight lately. Of course there are many possible reasons for that but Miss Romanov has been seen more often than not in fellow Avenger Clint Barton’s company.

As an inside source revealed these two have been close for a long time and “having a baby would surprise no one here”.


The Avenger’s were not able to be reached for a statement yet.

“What’s the difference between those pictures?” Thor asked, staring down at the photos that documented Natasha’s “weight gain”.
“She’s exhaling in one”, Tony answered with a grin. “Girl or boy?”
Both Natasha and Clint glared at him.
“It’s not surprising, this kind of press”, Bruce commented.
“The only surprising thing is that the article isn’t about Tony”, Clint grinned.
“Hey!”
“Why would they even print something like this in the first place?” Steve asked, sounding disappointed. 
“Because they can”, Tony answered. “Better get used to it.”
 
2. Illegitimate daughter?Stark Tower is long since known to be the Avengers Initiative Headquarters but what about the other visitors this place regularly sees? No one is of course surprised by the presence of Virginia Potts, CO of Stark International but what about the elusive Darcy Lewis?

Darcy Lewis, alumni of political science at Culver University, has been seen leaving Stark Tower at all times of the day on multiple occasions. When asked about her presence there, her only reaction was “No comment” but is there a reason for her to be there?


As the photos show, Darcy Lewis shows no resemblance to her father but our research disclosed that her mother was an employee of Stark International before Darcy was born. And Stark International’s charismatic head, Tony Stark, is known for his eclectic taste in women.


Could Darcy Lewis be Tony Stark’s illegitimate daughter?

“Aww, dad, you owe me a lifetime of pocket money and presents”, Darcy laughed when she finished reading the article.
“How old are you again?” Tony asked, “Because they might have made me an early dad.”
“Don’t tell me you were less promiscuous with 19?” Darcy replied, having done the math.
“Not with people I work with. That’s unprofessional.”
Bruce cleared his throat, giving Tony a pointed look.
“Not always”, Tony amended.
“I don’t even look like you”, Darcy complained.
“That’s what you take away from this article?” Tony asked dryly.
“I thought we all agreed that it was complete bullshit.”
“It could be worse”, Natasha said. “They could have made you Tony’s lover.”
Darcy grimaced.
“Hey”, Tony protested. “I’m good. Bruce, tell her.”
“I have some cell cultures that need attending to”; Bruce replied, carefully not noticing Tony’s pout. “After all I’m that co-worker you don’t sleep with because it’s unprofessional.”
“Come on, that wasn’t about you!” Tony called after him.
“You know, you’re right, that would have been worse”, Darcy said to Natasha and kissed her. “And the less they gossip about us, the better.”
 
3. A love across time?That tension is running high between Tony Stark aka Iron Man and Steve Rogers better known as Captain America has never been a secret. However an inside source now revealed that “Those two bicker like an old married couple” and “the only tension in Stark Tower is sexual tension”.

This also puts a new light on Captain America’s relationship with Tony Stark’s father Howard who was a known associate and close friend of Captain America and to whom Tony has a close resemblance.


Could Steve Rogers be falling for the known ladies man in an attempt to recreate the lost romance with Howard Stark 70 years ago?

“That’s wrong!” Steve protested. “They’ve got it all wrong. Tony, believe me it wasn’t like that with Howard. We were friends, that’s all.”
“Relax, Steve, I haven’t believed a single word the rainbow press printed since I was in primary school.”
“So you’re not in love with Tony?” Clint asked and when Steve vehemently shook his head, he grinned at Coulson and added, “Looks like he’s still free for you.”
“I’ve got a nice three months mission to Siberia, Agent Barton”, Phil replied, glaring Clint down.
“Riding off with your childhood hero into the sunset”, he snickered.
“And a direct follow-up in Somalia, for four months”, Phil didn’t even miss a beat.
“You wouldn’t do that to me, you’d miss me too much.”
“As you just pointed out I would have Captain Rogers for company.”
Clint was, for once, at loss for words.
4. Encounter of the fourth kind?There has been some controversy over the inclusion of Thor, alien from the planet Asgard, in the Avengers Initiative. So far Shield has issued no statement why Thor was made a team member but the revelations by a Shield agent shed a new light on the issue and implicate the neutrality of Shield Agent Phil Coulson.

“I mean this guy had just broken into our base and beaten up our men and one flash of an obviously fake ID and Coulson lets him go” our inside source says, “and if that was not enough afte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Darcy/Natasha
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Press and Tabloids
Rumors
Humor

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Darcy/Natasha
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

