Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Nick Fury had gone off the grid.Coulson told them the SHIELD Director’s GPS had gone out mid-morning three days prior, and not a thing had been heard from him since. None of the Avengers, given their current predicament, could agree to whether this was a good thing or a bad thing.“He’s on a Black Ops mission,” Tony stated the obvious. “I think it’s what he does with his vacation time. Imagine that guy’s call to a travel agent: ‘Does it have a war zone?’”“’I’d like twenty-four hours to defeat the terrorists, please,’” Clint joined in gruff, ornery tones. “’Do these events occur in real-time?’”They cracked up in unison.Natasha rolled her eyes. “You guys sure are funny. And if he’s actually in serious danger…?”This, of course, was probable. Still Tony shrugged. “Fury’s a big boy. If he’s in trouble, he’ll find a way to let us know.”The others were uneasy. The undercurrent of guilt in the room was only marginally outweighed by the other undercurrent of relief. With the way things had been going for the past few days, the absence of Fury’s all-seeing eye felt like a miraculous blessing.“What do you make of it, Captain?” Thor asked.They all turned to Steve who, everyone knew, had the last word when it came to matters such as these.Steve folded his arms over his broad chest. The lines in his forehead deepened, the chords in his wide neck tensed.“I think… I agree with Tony,” he answered slowly. “SHIELD are doing everything they can to locate him and if we’re needed they’ll call us in. In the meantime, we’ll keep our eyes and ears open. For now we have to trust that he knows what he’s doing.”Clint frowned suddenly. “Hey, why don’t I ever get to go on vacation?”The meeting ended, and there was still an upside. For now at least, they wouldn’t have to explain the Loki Problem.**A month had passed since Loki had become an Avenger.To an unofficial capacity. Until further notice, Tony kept reminding himself.The team had surrounded the Trickster God on the roof of a derelict warehouse in lower Manhattan. It had been a particularly clear blue day, and Loki had spent his afternoon rearranging the clouds to spell out rude things in the sky about Thor’s manhood.The brothers were engaged in intense combat, while the rest of them did little more than watch from the adjacent roofs.Thor revved up Mjolnir.“I have warned you not meddle in this realm for the last time, Loki! Now you will pay for this devilry!”Thor flung the enchanted hammer. Loki hopped out of the way and it boomeranged back into Thor’s hand.“Too slow, Thor!” Loki called back. Several more images of him appeared and they all danced around to Thor’s confusion.Thor’s feet scuffed the ground like the hooves of an angry bull.“It will take more than your tricks to keep me from you! I will not go easy this time!”Loki snorted. “Ha!”Thor took a running start and then flew backward ten feet when the real Loki hit him with a bright green blast of energy. Thor landed on his back, chest smoking.“Do you think we ought to-?” Tony nudged Steve.“Let’s… give it another minute."Thor scraped himself up off the cement and swung Mjolinor into a frenzy, building up speed.“Prepare to do battle, Brother!”Thor released his hammer, and Loki threw both hands forward in a blinding flash of light.With a deafening crash the building collapsed, swallowing Thor and Loki into the wreckage.* It had taken several tense hours for the clean-up crew to move enough groaning debris to allow for safe passage.“We’re coming, Thor,” Steve resolved quietly, and the Avengers followed him down into the dark.When they got to the sub-basement level they saw light coming from underneath a door. Tiptoeing closer, they heard voices from the other side. With a nod and a silent count of three, Steve kicked it open and they burst into the room.The Thunder God was sitting on the floor across from them, side by side with his brother, locked in what looked like deep conversation. Thor had one of Loki’s hands clasped between both of his, a pleading expression on his face. Even from a distance, Loki looked like he might have been crying. Both Gods startled at the sight of them.Loki vanished, and Thor gaped down at his empty hands.“Uh… you’re safe now,” Tony dropped his palms and switched off his fire-blasters.Thor looked at them in a way that could only be described as ‘pissed-off’ before warring his features into a look of gratitude.“My friends, thank you for your rescue. It is a fine thing to have such noble warriors at my side,” he commended, standing. “Let us leave this place.”They tramped back up in silence, over hunks of wobbling concrete.The moment they were outside, Thor said something about wishing to breathe the fresh air and walk the city. He told them not to wait for his return.“It may be a very late hour. Several days, perhaps,” he added. He raised Mjolnir and took flight, disappearing into the darkened sky. *It was only about two hours later when Thor arrived back at the mansion with L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Humour
Hurt/Comfort
Loki Joins the Avengers

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Other(s)

