Work Text:
The handcuffs snick shut. And naturally, because Tony can never just let something rest, he has to pull at them until the metal cuts into his wrists, unyielding and cold, warming against his skin.
Of course Loki doesn't miss it; he never misses a damn thing Tony does. He smiles at Tony, a proud, cheerful thing that doesn't exactly make sense in the context. But everything between them is a fight, a challenge, a test, and right now, it looks like Loki's the one in control.
Doesn't just look like it; that's the way it is, and if Tony weren't afraid to admit it he'd have to be crazy. Then again, nobody's yet accused Tony of sanity, and even if they had – he's in bed with the God of Mischief. Loki hasn't been accused of sanity either, not in a long time.
"Good?" Loki asks pleasantly, as if he were inquiring about the weather, not the sturdiness of the handcuffs he used to cuff Tony to his own bed.
"For now." Tony smiles his winning smile. "Still not convinced you can do it, though." Nobody's yet to make Tony beg, not in under thirty minutes. And yeah, Tony's hard, that's sort of a prerogative with Loki in his bed, but nowhere near desperate yet. And begging comes somewhere beyond desperate, Tony knows – more from having done it to other people than from having it done to him, though that not all that often either. He's into instant gratification, and two orgasms are better than one single, drawn-out one, in his opinion.
Of course, Loki likes to twist everything, up is down and true is false, only it isn't. He's good at that. Sleeping with him is like riding a dragon, a volcano, a tree trunk pointed towards the Niagara falls – one hell of a ride, and you might very well end up dead. But worth it, Tony has found, for the exhilaration and the adrenaline and the strange feelings Tony has afterwards, both terrifying and strangely comforting.
That's how Loki's smile makes him feel too when he pulls back and looks down on Tony. Yeah, maybe this is suicide, but what a way to go. Nobody's accused Tony of not being suicidal either.
Loki gives a laugh, maybe reading his thoughts, maybe sharing them, and then he starts taking off his clothes. He doesn't make it especially seductive, doesn't make a show of it, but as with everything he does, it's elegant, and the slow reveal of skin makes Tony's mouth run dry. Especially because Loki knows he's got a thing for hips, for waists, and he sways his as he undoes his belt, peels down his criminally tight jeans. Tony doesn't know what it is, it's not like Loki's wearing anything special, but he's never found a striptease so erotic. And it must be all him, he's not under the influence, not drugs (not for a long time), not alcohol, and there's been a promise not to use magic. Since there's a bet in place Tony is sure Loki won't use underhanded methods to win – it would be admitting that he couldn't do it after all, and very much like Tony, Loki would rather die in an attempt to best someone than be bested.
Once he's naked, Loki moves to straddle Tony's thighs and starts undoing his belt and jeans as if he has all the time in the world. They had the foresight to take off Tony's shirt before they put on the handcuffs, and Tony's rather relieved to have his jeans off too now; they'd been feeling rather tight and restricting. Still, he can't resist a little teasing. "Wasting time here."
Loki sends him an amused glance, but otherwise ignores him, busy pulling his jeans and boxers down his legs. He liberally touches them, pausing at one point to run his hands up and down Tony's thighs, going against the grain of the hair there. Loki has always been strangely fascinated by Tony's body hair; it took Tony embarrassingly long to realize it's because Loki doesn't have any. Tony had been somewhat confused why because he had been under the impression that Loki didn't like body hair, what with the meticulous shaving, but yeah, not starting out with any explains that.
Finally, they're both naked, and Tony thinks Loki's going to go to town now, touch him everywhere, drive him crazy, but Loki doesn't do any of those things. No, he merely slides up Tony's body, brushing over Tony's hard cock as if by accident (but nothing is ever an accident with Loki). He cups Tony's face, the gesture oddly tender, as is the expression on his face.
Leaning in, Loki brushes their lips together and croons, "I've always wanted to have you like this."
Tony swallows, abruptly remembering that Loki is dangerous. He wouldn't do anything to him, Tony is almost sure, but there remains a tiny percentage of doubt – the knowledge that Loki is crazy just like Tony, but in an entirely different way.
Loki smiles and kisses him right below the eye, making Tony blink, feel Loki's lips against his eyelashes.
"You're delicious, Tony," Loki says like he's revealing a secret. Tony wants to say something snarky, clears his throat in preparation, but Loki puts a finger on his lips and hushes him. "Not a word." It's an order, the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Handcuffs
Dominance
Bets
Dirty Talk
Power Dynamics
Enemy Lovers

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

