Chapter 1: I. Just Another Day at the Beach
    


Summary:


Jane would deny being a workaholic until the end of the world, but the dictionary definition had her picture on it. Darcy can’t stand being bored and because of that is content enough to keep working with Jane—also, Darcy always took care of her friends.




Notes:
This is a repetition of the technical note on chapter 4: reading this on mobile Chrome will eat the italics. This will affect enjoyment and comprehension. (Yes, seriously, there are specific occasions where I employ italics for dialogue).




Chapter Text
Part I - Salad Days
I. Just Another Day at the Beach“I knew I said we need fresh air Boss-Lady, but I’m pretty sure this isn’t the answer,” Darcy raised her voice a little against the wind.She stared at the dark and dense clouds at the horizon, spread up in grand arcs above. Layers upon layers piled up in an awe-inspiring work of nature’s cathedral. The ominous rumble of thunder was as easily heard through her ribcage as well as her ears. Weird-coloured flashes of light lit the grand swirling cloud from the inside like Wonka's x-ray. She would’ve appreciated the celestial view it made even more if, you know, she was at the safety of her living room couch and watching it live on TV and not trying to come toe-to-toe with it.Even as she thought of this, her steps did not falter. She checked the two-thirds of Jane’s equipment in the same order she always did by force of habit. These were ones the astrophysicist deemed to be not important enough to manage personally, so they were Darcy’s responsibility. Hardware wasn’t usually her thing, but these babies she knew very well already. She was glad that Jane had agreed when she insisted that they put the generator farther away from where they are, or any conversation would be impossible.She could accept reckless endangerment from her job—she just wasn’t going to take boredom on top of it too.“You did say you wanted a holiday,” Jane shot back, managing to sound just as wry in her half-shout. She stopped monitoring several of her devices at once and spread her arms wide. “Tada! Beach holiday!”She rolled her eyes. “I’d like a tropical beach, thanks! Not the set of Twister!”“I don’t see you complaining about the hazard pay you negotiated from Stark.” Jane pointed out. She had tied her hair in a bun, as had Darcy, because the wind had been whipping in their faces since they’ve arrived. Both were wearing rain coats even if it was nothing but a light drizzle—the rain hadn’t been predictable.Darcy shrugged. “Eeh, still waiting for that complete dental coverage by-the-way, instead of partway. The health insurance sure is great otherwise, though.”That was an understatement. It was completely worth writing home about. The health insurance certainly made her job look completely impressive and adult-worthy on paper. Like, you know, a functioning and productive member of society. Heck, it made her mother proud and Ms. Lewis who’d spent half her life waitressing would not stop talking about it to anyone who asked about what her daughter was doing, working for Stark Industries’ Research and Development as a Researcher (on paper, it was Assistant Researcher) in its New York HQ. It was definitely far from where Darcy grew up in Bumfuck Nowhere. Darcy was too embarrassed to tell her she’s only a lowly peon among many (not that she wanted her mother to stop glowing so much about it, no. It was… well, it was complicated).“Holy shit, are those boats?”Jane whipped her head back in the direction that Darcy was staring. True to her words, a semi-transparent vortex had formed above the water. White flecked bits and bigger grey blobs were sucked up into it from the surface of the sea, and in some cases, dashed into so many flotsam and jetsam in the process. They were no more substantial than toothpicks in the face of the storm.“I think they’re ships,” Jane said, wide-eyed. They had both stopped their current activity in favour of staring at the morbid view. How many people are on each—no, don’t think about it Darcy. Not right now. We don’t need a freak out now.“We put out a warning, you know,” Jane said faintly, as if she had been thinking the exact same thing as Darcy. “I heard evacuations had been underway since this morning.”The assistant only nodded at that as they stood side-by-side, at loss for words. She knew they’d done their best, because Jane had warned them of a potential anomaly from half a week ago. Jane had returned to her monitoring and note taking, though for some reason she’d outstretched her left hand, as if waiting for something.Jane wiggled her fingers and Darcy burst into laughter.“Jane, you know that we’ve lost Interns 1 and 2 again, don’t you?”Jane looked up, still with a half-glazed look of someone lost to ‘Science!’ “Huh?”“Interns 1 and 2,” Darcy said easily. She didn’t make that much of an effort to remember their names anymore before they’ve passed the one-month limit. “They’ve requested a tran
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Adventure
world-building
Speculative fiction
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Geeks
nerds
Thor: The Dark World Spoilers
Swearing
geeky conversations
nerdy conversations
Female Friendships
SCIENCE!
political science
Politics
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Friends-with-benefits
Female Characters
BAMF Women
Strong Language
Epic-length Fic
friendships
Awesome Jane Foster
Science Fiction
Fantasy
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Awesome Pepper Potts
expies
Expies Everywhere
Competence Kink
norse mythology & folklore
Political Thriller
Fun with Tags

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

