Chapter 1





Chapter Text

And not even a muddled angel will

peek down at us in our foxhole.

And He will not have time

to send down an eyedropper of prayer for us,

the mothering thing of us,

as we drip into the soup

and drown

in the worry festering inside us,

lest our children

go so fast

they go.

 

“The Child Bearers” by Anne Sexton
 "How 'bout it, Peg? It's been forever since we danced."When he decides on something, Howard truly is one of the most insufferable people Peggy has the pleasure of dealing with on a day-to-day basis. She sighs loudly so he knows she's annoyed, but she does put the file down and tip her chair back to grant him her full attention.In truth, Howard may be the best friend she has. He's certainly the longest by some years, and in the nearly 20 years since they began SHIELD together, she has only truly wanted to punch him in the mouth once. Once a year. All right, maybe once a week, but that is only because she can see his office from hers and he likes to annoy her through the glass.But he does care, and he makes sure she does manage to leave the office and interact with the real world from time to time. Apparently that time has come around again."What is this thing?"Howard knows he's got her, if his smug grin is anything to go by. "Capote's throwing a ball. You got anything in black and white?"She does. "I think I wore it to the last event you dragged me to.""The black number with the—" Howard waves his hands down his sides. "The thing?""Yes, Howard." Peggy sighs again, and throws in an eyeroll for good measure. She remembers what he said when he first saw her that evening, and how much her knuckles hurt after she punched him for it.“Peg,” Howard says, suddenly serious. He moves around her desk and takes a seat on the notepad she’s been using. “Come on, it’s only for a couple of hours.”“It’s never just a couple of hours with you, Howard.”“Well, you could use more than a couple of hours break.” His eyes flick to the couch against the wall, and the pile of blankets and pillows stacked neatly at the end. “When did you last go home?”She honestly doesn’t know. “Fine,” she says, because it’s the easier answer to give."Excellent!" Howard claps his hands together once, standing to leave. "Oh, and don't worry." He pauses in the doorway. "I'll bring the masks.""Howard!"Truly insufferable. The car rolls up to the front of the Plaza, and the pop of flashbulbs through the dark glass reminds Peggy that she is attending this event with Howard Stark: Playboy Billionaire, and not the man who throws wadded up balls of paper at her from his office across the hall when he gets stuck and drinks too much.“Smile for the cameras, Peg.”She hates this version of Howard.The photographers are only interested in Howard when they emerge from the car, and after a handful of photos Peggy goes on ahead, leaving him to bathe in the assault of illumination from the dim entry hall on the other side. It is filled with people that even Peggy isn’t so disconnected from the world of celebrity as to not recognise their faces, even with all the masks in place.Howard joins her eventually, finding her loitering at the periphery as people stream through into the main ballroom. “Here,” he says, and hands over her own mask. “You forgot this.” Peggy takes it from him, but doesn’t put it on. “Actually I didn’t. Can we please get a drink now?” "What's up with you?" Howard asks later, holding her at a respectable distance as they move around the dance floor. He's been frowning at her since she ignored Frank Sinatra. "I'd say you've been distracted lately, but lately's been more like forever." “I’m getting closer, Howard,” she says, leaning closer to his ear. “I’m getting so close.”“C’mon, Peggy. You’ve been saying that for years.”And oh, how she wishes that wasn't true.“It’s different this time.” She wishes she knew that were true, and hopes it turns out to be. It's hard to imagine she could keep on without that hope. The things she has sacrificed demand that one day it all have been worth it.“For your sake, I hope you’re right.” He twirls them around the dance floor. “But HYDRA can wait for the night.”"Must they?" Peggy ducks her head, resting her temple against Howard’s shoulder for a moment. “I’ve had enough of parties to last me a lifetime, Howard.”“Don’t lie, Pegs. You had fun at Daniel’s wedding. He coughed up for the good liquor.”   She did not have fun at Daniel’s wedding, and the fact that Howard thinks so says more about his understanding of women than it does about Peggy.They dance through two more songs before Howard declares they need more drinks. Peggy declares she's going back to the office. She's given him more than an hour of her time, and in all truth she's surprised not to have already been abandoned by him for one of the multitude of shiny young things floating around. It's how she usually escapes these things."Pegs, come on. We're having a nice time, aren't we?" His winsome face does little to hide hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

