Work Text:
Phil Coulson stood in the middle of the kitchen in Stark Tower, a faint headache pounding behind his temples and a pile of folders in his arms.  He let the chaos wash over him for a few more seconds, gathering himself, and then set his paperwork down on the counter.  “Thor, quit trying to use Allspeak on the toaster.  Clint, don't encourage Thor to talk in mythical tongues to Stark's bots, it just confuses them.”“Listen,” Clint said, his body an easy slouch against the cabinets, his arms folded over his chest, “how're they going to learn if Thor doesn't give them adequate chances to-”“Shut up before I give in to the constant urge to taser you,” Coulson said, making Clint laugh, warm and husky low.  Clint boosted himself up onto the counter next to  Coulson's folders, making a not so subtle attempt at checking out the top one.  He got his hand smacked for his trouble.  “Natasha-”Natasha glanced up from her seat at the kitchen table, every hair in place, a knife and a whetstone in her capable hands.“Don't stab anyone.”“I make no promises,” she said, going back to her work.“Stark, just fix the heating element on the electric kettle so Bruce can have tea, it doesn't need to deliver the tea, or dispense the tea or chose the tea or explain the tea or order the tea, it needs to make the water hot so that leaves can be put into a cup and a brewed beverage can be created.”“Well, if you insist upon being BORING about it,” Tony grumbled, and tucked his screwdriver behind his ear.  “Can I-”“No,” Phil said.“But-”“NO,” Phil said.“I can use the microwave,” Bruce said, holding onto his cup and his smile.  As always, he seemed amused by Tony's enthusiasm.“Oooooh, I could-”“No, Tony!” Coulson snapped.  He paused.  “Wait.  That lacked force.  Where's Steve?  'No,Tony-ing' is his job.”Everyone paused.  Looked around.  “The good captain was not in the gym,” Thor said, frowning.  He caught the toaster as it tried to escape and tucked it under his arm, like it was a metallic pug.“Not in the rec room,” Clint said.“Wasn't in my workshop,” Tony mused,  tapping his multi-tool on the countertop.  “His sketchbook and pastels were there, but not him.”“I haven't seen him since breakfast,” Natasha said.  “He was doing dishes when I left for my workout.”Bruce was looking at the fridge.  “The shopping list is missing,” he pointed out, always the most observant.Everyone looked at the fridge.  Coulson rubbed the bridge of his nose between his index finger and thumb.  “All right,” he said at last.  “Is this a problem, or not?”“When's the last time anyone saw him?” Tony asked.  “Breakfast?  Then he's been gone for hours.  It shouldn't have taken him that long to pick up eggs, milk, Jesus, why do we have a shopping list anyway, Jarvis can just place an online order and, boom, food appears!”  He threw his hands in the air.  “It's fucking MAGIC!  FOOD!  In the fridge!”Everyone ignored him.  They were getting good at that.“He knew we had a meeting,” Natasha pointed out.  “He does not miss meetings.”“Ever,” Clint agreed.  He was pulling his phone out.  “I've got nothing from him.”  This set off a flurry of cell phones being pulled out around the room, and as one, everyone shook their head.“Ah!” Thor sounded pleased.  All eyes turned to him.  He grinned.  “Loki accepted the request to be friends of Facebook!”“What the hell, man?” Clint said, shaking his head.  “Really?”“Not really,” Tony said, his fingers dancing over his phone.  “I had to set him up a bunch of dummy accounts.  It lasts about a week and then he actually posts something and Loki figures it out and defriends him in a fit of pique.  And then we all drink and throw coffee mugs.”“Oh, is that why Tuesdays are now more fun than they have any right to be?”“Please don't 'friend' your brother as long as he's determined to destroy the Earth,” Phil said to Thor, who gave him a half-hearted shrug.“He is still my brother,” he said, and Phil sighed.“What, exactly, does he post on Facebook?” Bruce asked, peering over Thor's shoulder.“Many things of excellence!” Thor said, holding the phone out to Bruce.  The other man took it, slightly wary as he looked down at the screen.“Yeeeeeah, mostly pictures of hedgehogs, fanart of Thor he found on some mailing list, links to blogs making fun of us, links to videos of us failboating, and links to anti-Avengers groups, so mostly his entire online presence is dedicated to hating us, except for Thor,” Tony said.  “Found Steve.”Phil glanced at him as Tony tucked his phone in his pocket and headed for the door.  “He sent you a message?”“Nope.  I've got him as a Google Alert,” Tony said, waving a hand back over his shoulder.  “Give me half an hour, I've got to go collect the dope.”He slipped through the door and was gone.  Thor broke the silence.  “What is this Google Alert he speaks of, and how does it know where the good Captain has gone?”“I'll show you how to set one up for Loki,” Natasha said, rolling to her feet.  “C'mon.  Coulson, let us know when w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
Stupidity
Everyone wants to hug Captain America
Meetings are important
Spoilers
The Hawk's in his nest
Phone Lust

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

