Work Text:
The first time it happened, everybody was gathered in the lounge of Avengers Tower for Movie Night (with capital letters because that's apparently how big a deal it is around the Tower). Clint and Sam were arguing over whose choice of film it was, Clint wanting something called 'Mean Girls' and Sam arguing for 'Titanic'. Steve found it mildly disturbing that someone would want to make a film about such an awful tragedy but he'd recently caught up with all the war films from the last half century, which most of were terribly inaccurate, so it didn't really surprise him."Sam, Sam, Sam, Mean Girls is a fucking classic," Barton countered whatever argument  Sam had made, "Besides Cap needs to be educate-." He never got to finish his sentence though due the fact a glass jar collided with his head, effectively halting whatever he was going to say next.  Clint rubbed his head whilst Nat smirked next to him. "Ow."Tony reached over and to inspect the jar. It was a simple jar, probably an old jam jar or something, with a white sticker on it clearly labeling it Swear Jar. "Ha ha," He drawled, chucking the jar back to Clint who was actually ready to catch it this time. "Capsicle made a funny." Steve folded his arms and give them his patent 'Captain-America-is-disappointed-in-you-son' look, narrowed eyes and thin lips and all. "You're not fucking serious Cap?" Steve nodded at the jar and shrugged. "Now you owe it $2."The stunned silence was quickly followed by teasing and then quiet as the movie started (Clint got his way, and so Steve was introduced to the wonder that was 'Mean Girls' and suddenly felt like he understood so much more of the modern world (not really) but he finally understood half of the references that Clint made) but Clint payed the $2 he owed and no-one outright banned the Swear Jar, so it stayed, always appearing conveniently under someone's nose a stray curse word slipped out.Then Bucky reappeared into his life and disappeared almost as fast he'd arrived, and then the whole deal with Ultron and the training of the New Avengers started, and for a while it was just forgotten about. 
*
 Then Steve finally found Bucky and persuaded him to come back to New York with him, the whole 'Swear Jar' idea was put on hold whilst Steve focused on getting Bucky better.It takes a while, and sometimes Bucky relapsed but things like that never came easy and decades of mind wiping and brain washing tends to leave long lasting effects, not to mention the guilt that Bucky then had to deal with when the conditioning had been broken.Bucky would never be the same guy he had been before the war, but that was ok. Steve wasn’t the same either.Eventually Bucky managed to leave SHIELD HQ, taking baby steps. He stayed in an apartment in Brooklyn with Steve for a while. Then they went to go and live with Sam for a while in his apartment, an experiment to see how Bucky could cope around people other than Steve. When that succeeds, they move into Avengers Tower.  At first Bucky clammed up, unresponsive and suspicious of everything and everyone, but as time went on he began to relax and even started to build friendships with his new housemates.Interacting with others was part of his recovery, and whilst Bucky didn’t think he’d ever properly trust the others the same way he trusted Steve, these fragile friendships did help him heal, mind and body. They helped his confidence build, and within months of living there he was certified, ‘fit for duty’. He didn’t go back to work, not straight away anyway but he was better. Not completely the old Bucky, but instead a patchwork of personalities, a mixture of old and this new person he’d become.Lucky for him, one of the things he had kept was his sense of humour. 
*
 Everybody was hanging out in Tony’s work room. Not out of choice but rather out of caution: Bucky was having some maintenance done on his arm and out of precaution that something might trigger something in Bucky that would turn him into ‘Winter Soldier mode’ it was easier to have all the Avengers around to control the situation. Except Sam. Sam had already had his ass handed to him by the Winter Solder and wasn't in any rush to do it again, so he was mostly there for moral support.As Tony fiddled with some wiring in Bucky's arm some circuitry sparked, catching one of Tony's hands and causing him to drop a spanner on his foot. "Son of a bitch!"Silently, Steve slid a jar half filled with coins across the lab worktop towards Tony. There was a jar in Tony's lab specifically for him, as out of everyone he lacked the discipline the others had to control their words and was unfortunate enough to be the one that swore the most. Luckily he was also the richest one out of them all, so he didn't complain too much about being out of pocket change too often.  All of this happened as Bucky watched on, half wondering if he'd actually gone all 'Winter Soldier' and this was all just a strange dream he was having as a result of the tranqu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Swearing
Swear jar
Steve trolling the shit out of everyone

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

