Work Text:
“So, I’ve got this friend…” Foggy looks warily at Claire. The woman is smiling at him, a little too wide and desperate. She’s also holding a cupcake, one of the big ones with sprinkles from Foggy’s favorite mom-and-pop bakery. The cupcake’s pretty clearly a bribe. “You’re not trying to set me up again, are you?” Foggy asks her cautiously. “Because I just have to say, I’m pretty sure I’m going to need years of therapy from the last one.” “Marci’s just a little intense.” Claire defends weakly, and Foggy snorts. “Marci was a she-demon sent from hell to punish me for past sins.” He corrects her, frowning. “So, you are trying to set me up?” “No!” Claire assures him hastily, and then winces. “Well, not on a date.” “So, what, for a crime? Because let me tell you right now, I’m too pretty for prison.” “No crime either.” Claire promises, and then winces again.
 
“Whoa, what the hell is that face?” Foggy asks, taking a step back. “That is the lying face! You’re seriously going to make me take the fall for whatever nefarious deed you committed during your off hours?” “It’s not a crime.” Claire argues. And then winces. Again. “Well, it’s a little shady, legally, but it’s the right thing to do.” “Uh, no.” Foggy tells her. “Obeying the law is, by definition, the right thing to do.” “Not in this case.” Claire replies earnestly. “And you wouldn’t be committing a crime anyway.” “Yeah, see, and then you put emphasis on the ‘you’ and your whole argument kind of falls apart.” Foggy drawls slowly. “Because the emphasis on the ‘you’ implies that while I would not be actively committing a crime, I would be aiding and abetting someone who is.” Claire blinks at him. “You should have been a lawyer.” She informs him bluntly, and Foggy laughs. “Are you kidding me? People hate lawyers.” He shrugs, picking at the sleeve of his white doctor’s coat. “Besides, I’m good at my job. I like helping people.” Claire nods earnestly, and Foggy realizes that he’s just made a grave error. “Exactly.” Claire says triumphantly. “And this would be helping people. It would be helping a lot of people.” “But it’s not legal?” Foggy checks, and Claire bites her lip. “Not the way he does it.” Which, no. “Nope, no way, not happening.” Foggy says, making an X with his hands. “No criminals. Criminals equal bad.” He snorts. “Besides, what would this mysterious criminal even want me to do? Hide the bodies?” “He’d want you to do your job.” Claire offers quietly. “Help him.” She hesitates. “He… he needs help, Foggy.” “Why does he need help?” Foggy asks carefully, intrigued despite himself. Claire sighs, tugging at her necklace absently in a nervous gesture. “He gets hurt.” She tells Foggy softly, and Foggy notices with a pang of sympathy that Claire sounds genuinely distressed. “A lot. He needs someone to take care of him.” Foggy swallows. He doesn’t want to hear this, this is not good, this is bad, because if Claire’s saying what he thinks she’s saying… “You’ve been doing it, haven’t you?” He asks hoarsely. “You’ve been helping him.” He runs a hand through his hair, a little panicky. “Jesus, Claire, don’t do this to me. I should be turning you in. You’re offering a criminal illegal medical care. That’s not—I should be turning you in.” “You won’t, will you?” Claire asks, and she’s trying to sound confident, Foggy can tell, but instead she just sounds terrified. Foggy considers. Claire’s the best nurse they have. She’s smarter than pretty much all of the doctors, and she has a warm but no-nonsense bedside manner that charms all the patients. She pulls double shifts without complaint, and she brings Foggy cupcakes even when she’s not trying to bribe him. Claire loves her job. “No, of course I won’t.” Foggy sighs. “This is so, so wrong, but if you helped him, you must have had a good reason.” Claire nods eagerly, relaxing a little. “Foggy, he’s a great guy. He’s just trying to do what’s right. You won’t regret it, I swear—“ “Whoa, I said I wasn’t going to turn you in! I never said I was going to help you.” Foggy yelps. “I’m not built for a life in crime, even if it’s to ‘do what’s right’. Come on, Claire, you know me.” “I know that you’re smart.” Claire tells him softly. “You’re smart, and you’re brave, and you’re a damn good doctor. And I know that even though you like to pretend you don’t care, deep down you still want to ‘do what’s right’ too.” Damn it. “Okay, I will give you a chance to explain. This isn’t me saying yes, this is me saying that I will think about it, if you offer an incredibly persuasive argument.” “Absolutely.” Claire agrees, looking relieved. “It won’t be for long, just until I know Mom’s okay.” Which might take a while, Foggy thinks sadly. Mrs. Temple was recently diagnosed with a nasty case of bacterial pneumonia, and she’s getting sicker by the day. Claire’s constantly walking around in a daze, and if she’s been balancing illegal medical care on top of that, she must be being run ragged. “Right.” He agrees, because he wants to believe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Doctors & Physicians
Fluff

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

