Work Text:
It takes them time to get back to the Mansion, showered off and dressed again. Steve lingers in the shower, soaping and rinsing and soaping again. He washes his entire body half a dozen times and makes himself pay extra attention to his private parts, stretching back his foreskin and cleaning underneath it, forcing back the memory of Tony's skin against his own and the tight, hot squeeze he'd felt when he finally sank inside.He emerges from the stall and promptly covers himself with a towel. He reaches reluctantly for the crusty, rumpled clothes he was wearing when it happened, half-afraid to even touch them lest the spell overtake him again. It doesn't, and he drops them hastily into the laundry hamper in his room before pulling out a fresh set of clothing.The others are all waiting in the lounge when he arrives, except for Tony, but only Clint and Natasha will meet his gaze—Bruce is sitting on the couch, leaning forward on his knees and with his eyes fixed resolutely at the floor, while Thor stands over by the window, staring at the sky and pulling distractedly at his lower lip.“Has he . . .?” Steve asks, gesturing in the direction of Tony's quarters and looking from SHIELD agent to SHIELD agent. Clint stares back from his perch on the back of the couch, his face stony—like a soldier, like a killer—and Natasha, crouched on a chair with her knees to her chest, shakes her head.Steve bites his lip, wondering what he can possibly do to fix this, but is spared from having to make that decision by the sound of Tony's bare feet padding down the corridor towards them. Steve can just see him out of the corner of his eye where he stops, hovering, at the threshold of the room. For a long time no one speaks. Steve can feel Tony looking at him, the force of his attention hot on Steve's face like wash from a flamethrower until he has to look back, but when he does Tony immediately glances away, his face a practiced, casual mask. He stretches leisurely, working the kinks out of his back. “Pizza?”“Tony,” Steve says, and a flicker crosses Tony's face, the beginning of a look of raw vulnerability that Steve would not have recognized before today, when he saw its full manifestation. He knows that knowledge is not worth the betrayal it cost to achieve it. “What?” Tony blinks innocently, the subtler armor that he carries beneath his skin locked firmly into place. “I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m starving. Apparently involuntary orgies really work up an appetite.”Steve's stomach twists. “Tony! You can’t just—”Tony sighs, looking disappointed and resigned. “What?” he asks.“We had sex,” Clint says, bluntly. “Collectively.”Tony hums. “Not really collectively. More like you guys with me.”Steve makes a strangled noise, shutting his eyes tight against the tumult of memories that sets off (Tony surrounded on all sides, sandwiched between Thor and Natasha, his body still twisted towards Clint, who grunted and thrust into his mouth). “You didn’t—” Steve says, “you didn’t want—”Tony shows no sign of listening to Steve, staring instead at Bruce's down-turned face with a look of total fascination, much like the one he'd worn a few hours earlier while he was jerking him off. Steve shakes his head and presses on.“You weren’t—wasn't there anything you could have done before it got—”Tony must be listening after all because he whips his head around, emitting a noise like an angry goat as he moves. Steve's mouth slams shut and he blinks, belatedly recognizing the sound as a game show buzzer like the one on Truth or Consequences, signalling that Steve has said something incorrect. He's not the only one startled, either—Bruce's head has snapped up and Clint is staring wide-eyed at Tony, and Steve can't see Thor but he's sure he's paying attention now too. Only Natasha appears unruffled. “Wrong answer,” Tony says, his tone suspiciously light. “Right?” he asks the others, looking from face to face for confirmation, but they all stare back silently. “A rape is never the fault of the person who gets raped, no matter who or where she is, how drunk or sober, or what he's wearing. I mean, isn't that what all those marches are about?”Steve’s whole body moves with the flinch and he can feel his throat closing off. There it is, the word he's been trying harder than anything not to even think, and now that it's out there's no hiding from it. Steve raped Tony. Steve is a rapist.Tony keeps talking—“That is what you're implying, right? That you forced yourselves on me, that you took something from me without my consent, that's the model you're using? Because if so, let's wipe the lipstick off the pig and call that what it is. And for the record, no, I don't think there's anything I could have done even if it was my responsibility. I wasn’t wearing the suit. Without it I'm lucky if I can take one of you down in a fight; what the hell do you think I'm going to do with five?”—but Steve hardly hears him over the roar in his ears. His gorge ri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Various
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Remix
Gangbang
Dubious Consent
Magic
Consent Issues
Rough Sex
Rape/Non-con References
Aftermath
Awkward Conversations
Angst
Trauma
Hurt/Comfort
Guilt
Sex Pollen
characters fumbling their way through conversations about rape culture
Barebacking
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Vaginal Sex
No Spoilers
Team

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Various
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

