Chapter 1



Notes:
Tiny chapter because OP over at the meme sounded like they were dying at the possibility of having to wait much longer.




Chapter Text
The story broke a few weeks after Matt rescued the guy. He was a teenager, young and absolutely terrified from getting caught up in a human trafficking ring. He's nearly catatonic by the time Matt finished beating up the people responsible, and unlike the others, he was still sitting in a corner of a shipping crate.Matt tried talking to him, but he didn't even seem to hear him. Matt even poked him, which provoked no response. He didn't really want to carry the kid out, because he was a bit big for that, and the last time he carried someone was bad enough.“Hey,” he said. The kid turned his head slightly. It was better than anything else. “Listen, I know you're scared, but you've got to leave here. The cops should be coming, but so could more of their men.” He pointed outside the crate to the groaning men he'd already taken down. Three of them were still unconscious though.“I'm not going to hurt you,” Matt told him. The kid didn't show any signs of being about to move.Matt sighed. He was quickly running out of options. Short of carrying the kid out of there, he didn't know what else to do.Except for one thing.He tugged his mask off and looked in the direction of the kid.“Okay, look. I know you're scared, and it's normal to be scared. But we have to go. It's over now. I'm just trying to keep you safe. And if you don't get up in the next thirty seconds, I will throw you over my shoulder and cart you out of here like a sack of flour. Got it?”That got the boy out of his stupor. He nodded at Matt.Matt got to his feet and tugged the kid up. He pulled his mask back on.“Come on,” he told the kid. “Let's go.” He figured it would be okay. He was fairly certain it was dark inside the shipping container, and the kid had only been able to see him for a minute at most. Surely it wouldn't have been long enough to recognize him.Also shock. Matt was kind of banking on him being in shock. He got the kid to the police station and forgot about the incident.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
media
Twitter
Identity Reveal
Sort Of
Mixed Media
Blind Character
Ableism
tweets
Newspaper Articles
fake media
god so much ableism
Interview
fox news panel
idk how they work but I made it happen

fandom: 
None
