Work Text:
"Oh god," Tony moans as Steve Rogers pushes inside him, slowly, so slowly. The tip of his cock splits him wide, followed by the rest of him, thick, rock-hard and implacable. Tony pants as he forces his body to take it, open around Rogers and let him inside. He's big, is Rogers, which shouldn't come as a surprise giving the size of the rest of him, shoulders almost twice as wide as Tony's, taller by at least three inches. When Tony had first seen him a week ago, standing by the doors of the stable, leather jacket hugging that body, it had taken everything Tony had not to fold to his knees and beg to be fucked. He hadn't said a thing, of course, but it seems he didn't need to -- Rogers is frighteningly perceptive.Then again, they would probably never have gotten there if it hadn't been for the other riding instructor. The one who’s currently on his knees at Tony's feet, pouty lips open and gleaming wet with spit and pre-come, wrapping around Tony as Rogers' thrusts push him forward into Barnes' mouth. Tony can't look away from his cock sliding in with no resistance at all, Barnes' throat opening to take him. Tony's pretty sure that if Rogers' massive, sure hands weren't holding him firmly in place, his knees would give up the ghost then and there."Holy shit," he whines when Barnes pulls back a fraction, until Tony's cock drags against the roof of his mouth; then he sucks, tongue pressed to the underside, flexing until Tony sees stars. "Oh. Oh my fucking god, Barnes, your mouth.""Bucky," Rogers says low in his ear from behind him, voice thready but undeniably in control as he pushes inside Tony again, faster now that he's sure Tony has adjusted. The mixture of control and hesitance that seems to be peculiar to Rogers--to Steve--turns Tony's insides to molten lead, makes him bite at his lips to stop the pathetically eager noises spilling from his throat. "I thought we made that clear," Steve adds while his hips flex, cock nailing Tony's spot until Tony's keening helplessly. "I thought you agreed to this, too, when you said you were all right with the rest of it.""Yes, yes, absolutely, I agreed, oh, god, Steve, do that again," Tony babbles, voice unsteady with the force of Steve's thrusts. "Oh, oh, Bucky, there."Bucky smirks up at him, which is a damn neat trick, considering his mouth is kind of full at the moment; it's something around his eyes, a spark inside them as they narrow a fraction, that gives the impression that Bucky Barnes fucking approves of what he and Steve Rogers are doing to Tony Stark, rich playboy in need of riding lessons. Well, Tony's definitely getting his lessons.Bucky's mouth is hot and wet, dangerous, a suck here, a flash of teeth there as he pulls off to mouth at the base of Tony's cock before licking his way up the length and swallowing him down again. Tony's whole body is breaking out in goosebumps, sweat pouring off him in the hot July afternoon as Steve fucks him hard and fast, as deep as he'll go (and that's plenty deep, Tony can testify as much). He feels full to bursting every time Steve's cock opens him up, all the way to the hilt, balls slapping against the underside of Tony's ass; Tony has always been partial to a big cock, but Steve's is thick, too; it’s the thickest Tony's had to date. It's--exquisite. He feels taken, possessed; he feels free in a way that's all too rare in his line of work, in the life he leads under the limelight.Bucky demands his attention just then; the hand that isn't gripping the cheeks of Tony's ass and holding him open for Steve's cock slips around to his front, between his splayed legs and in, middle and ring fingers pressing firmly against the space behind his balls, making Tony swear fitfully as his vision whitens out. His prostate is being battered on the inside, massaged on the outside as Bucky takes him deeper, down his throat, swallows around him.Tony's been fucked in many, many different ways in his life. He has tried out every position imaginable, had his every kink pandered to. This, though; these two ridiculously gorgeous people taking him, pulling him apart, unmaking him until he's no longer Tony Stark but theirs; well, Tony has never felt anything like it. His whole body is a giant conductor, buzzing with energy, with need; he can feel the sparks of completion in his toes, at the base of his spine where it arches to let Steve slide in further, thrumming in his balls. Steve lets out a gasping groan, slamming into him, and Bucky sucks him in with a moan, pulls off a moment later until his lips are stretched around the angry purple of the head of Tony's cock, flicks his tongue inside Tony's slit, and that's it, that's, just, Tony can't, it's too much, it's more than him, it's more than he can handle, filled to the brink, held tight as he shatters, spills himself inside Bucky's mouth with Steve's fingers spasming over his hips, bruising him as Steve rams himself inside and growls his release into the back of Tony's neck.Tony hears
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Equestrian
Plot What Plot
Possessive Behavior
Size Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

