Work Text:
The entire left side of Bucky’s torso fucking hurts.Blood trickles down bruised skin, his metal arm can’t be moved without it burnin’ something fierce, and it feels as though he has at least one broken rib. It’s fucking worth it, though, even if the life he saved in the process of getting hurt won’t agree.Steve, when he steps into Avengers Tower’s medical center, is livid. He’s still dressed in his torn uniform, hair in disarray and streaked with dirt, fists balled up at his sides. His expression is tight, closed off, lips drawn back in a badly concealed sneer and brow furrowed deeply. He’s the angriest Bucky’s ever seen him but behind that anger, living only in the depths of his blue eyes, is an unfathomable panic; a deep-seated fear that Bucky knows all too well.Guilt twists low in his stomach.The entire team stands between them; Steve still hovering by the sleek, glass doors, trying to get his anger under control and Bucky sitting on one of the hospital beds at the other end of the room as he gets checked over by Stark’s personally vetted staff. When they spot Steve, one by one, the Avengers are smart enough to clear a path. They’ve never seen Captain America truly angry and it’s a sight to behold.“What the fuck was that, Barnes?” Steve hisses, stalking forward. “Huh? What the goddamn hell did you think you were doing?”Somewhere, there’s an audible gasp.Bucky doesn’t know who it was but he does catch a glimpse of Clint and Tony shoving at each other, pointing, before Steve is too close for Bucky to see anything past the breadth of his shoulders. He looks up and is distressed to note that the anger has completely melted out of Steve’s expression. With no one to witness it but Bucky, the panic and fear has completely taken over. His eyes are bright with unshed tears and Bucky Barnes suddenly feels like the lowest kind of dirt.“Hey,” Bucky says softly, reaching out. “Hey, no. C’mere, Stevie. I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry.”The flesh and blood fingers of his uninjured side hook around Steve’s neck and pulls him close, puts his face in the crook of Bucky’s neck so that no one else has the chance to glimpse him as he falls apart. Steve presses a hand to the other side of his neck, careful not to bump against his injuries, and lets his fingers dig into the skin there. He’ll have more bruises when Steve lets go, these ones fingerprints, but Bucky doesn’t mind that at all. Those will be worth it, too.“You can’t leave me, asshole,” Steve says just as Bucky feels the gentle slide of tears against his collarbone.Steve isn’t talking loudly but it’s far too easy to hear him in the sudden silence. The medical staff has conveniently disappeared but the Avengers haven’t; multiple pairs of eyes bore into him - into them - because none of their teammates apparently having the decency to look away from what is obviously a private moment.He resists the urge to sneer at them.“I’m not gonna, ya dumb punk,” Bucky says instead because Steve will always be his focus, his first priority; he’ll deal with the snooping, eavesdropping bastards later.He pulls Steve away from his neck just far enough to where he can look him in the eye again. Steve presses their foreheads together, nuzzling against Bucky’s nose gently. There are tear tracks on his cheeks, just a few of them, but even that is too much to see.Natasha gives a soft, “oh.”“Wait,” he hears Bruce ask softly. “Are they…?”Sam adds, “I thought they were just friends?”The group breaks into whispers but Bucky steadfastly ignores them all and therefore doesn’t catch anything else they say. It would take too much of his attention away from Steve.“I’m not gonna,” he repeats, keeping his eyes connected to beloved blue ones. “But that means you can’t either, hear me? This reckless bullshit you keep pullin’ has to stop. You can’t go runnin’ off half-assed trynna get yourself killed and expect me not to protect you, got it?”“I’m sorry,” Steve says, eyes widening like he’s just now realized that this shit goes both ways. That Bucky loves him just as much, is just as goddamn worried about losing him and being left alone in this strange time, with these fucking strange people. Of being left alone, period. “I’m sorry, Buck, I didn’t mean --”“I know, Stevie; I know. You just reacted. So did I.” He nudges Steve’s nose with his own. “Let’s both promise to be a little more careful, alright? I kinda like your ugly mug, don’t need it disappearin’ on me.”“Ugly mug my ass,” Steve says with a grin. “You like my mug.”Bucky says, “yeah, I do,” with a fond smile at the same time that Tony, who has apparently taken all he can, shouts, “Swear Jar! Swear Jar, Rogers, you owe the -- oof!”Bucky cranes to look Steve’s shoulder just in time to see Sam take his elbow out of Tony’s ribs.“Not the time, Stark,” Sam hisses.Bucky grins; he likes Sam. Sam can definitely stick around.Steve straightens up, a delicate blush dusting his cheeks as he studiously does not look behind him. It’s as if he forgot their tea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Swear Jars
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

