Work Text:
Tony paused with the glass of scotch already at his lips, his mind reeling. Because Steve had just said--- except that wasn't possible, Steve didn't even like him, could barely stand him most days. They weren't friends.And maybe that would have been enough to convince himself, except for the expression on Steve's face. Steve looked -- not shocked, no, he looked stricken, devastated, his eyes wide and his face pale with shock. God. That meant -- Steve had really said it.It still didn't make any sense. Tony replayed the conversation in his mind, trying to figure out where it had gone so bizarrely  pear-shaped."I wish you wouldn't drink so much, Tony," and Tony had been sick of it, hated the condescension and the irritatingly self-righteous preaching, like a man who couldn't get drunk had any right to tell him he was drinking too much -- and he'd snapped back,"Hey, you need me, you get the alcoholism too, just be glad it's functional and not the debilitating sort," andSteve had rolled his eyes, not quite managing to stifle a snort, and retorted, "Yeah, you're lucky I love you anyways," which made absolutely no sense for all of the aforementioned reasons.He managed to tip the scotch back and into his throat, letting the soothing comfort of the burn settle in his stomach. The warmth spread through his limbs as Tony stared at Steve, trying to figure out what his response should be. He had no idea what to do, because people didn't do that, nobody told Tony Stark they loved him, nobody except for Rhodey that one time and Rhodey had been blackout drunk so it probably didn't count anyway, and besides--"Tony," Steve said, swallowing hard, his face still deathly pale. "Tony, I'm sorry, I didn't mean--"And right, of course he didn't, what had Tony even been thinking, because this was Captain Fucking America he was talking about, this was Steve Rogers, he had to have been delusional for a minute there, some kind of hallucination brought on by stress or sleep deprivation. Of course Steve didn't mean love, didn't mean he loved Tony. Steve's feelings for Tony seemed, at times, to swing on a pendulum between frustrated tolerance and outright animosity, so Steve hadn't meant it like that, he'd meant something else, something -- like the way friends did, except that Tony and Steve weren't friends. Maybe Steve had forgotten that, maybe he'd been thinking of someone else, some other friend of his, someone he actually cared about who wasn't a liability, wasn't a fuckup, wasn't a fucking walking disaster, a trainwreck of a human being, really, God, what had Tony been thinking?"--to spring that on you, I'm sorry, that wasn't fair and--"Tony closed his eyes."--know this isn't something you expected, obviously, but I kind of wish we could at least be friends, even though I understand if you don't want me around. I shouldn't have said anything. Can we pretend I didn't say anything? Shit. Fuck," and okay, yeah, that was a surprise, because Steve didn't swear when he wasn't being choked to death by alien super-octopi or covered in armor-eating acid."What?" Tony managed. "You-- what? Steve?"Steve had managed to lose his deathly pallor, was instead staring despondently at his feet with the beginning of a blush staining his cheeks. "I-- you heard me," He stammered."You..." he said. "You're--""In love. With you." Steve met Tony's eyes when he said it, and yeah, there was the blush in full force, like Steve had abruptly flipped a switch from horrified to clichéd schoolboy crush."Oh," Tony said, and he tossed back the last of his scotch.Oh.Okay.Right.This part, at least, he knew how to do, and Tony took a few steps forward, gratified when Steve backed up, as if Tony was in any way intimidating. Like Tony was something he needed to be scared of."Does the blush go all the way down?" Tony asked, reaching out. He tugged on the end of Steve's tie, gently, enjoying the way Steve jerked to attention, muscles tensing, eyes shocked and wide.Fight or flight. Although really, the instinct should be called Flight, Fight, or Fuck. It was a good-looking reaction when he could see it on someone else.Steve had very, very long eyelashes.Tony tightened his grip on the tie, wrapping it once around his hand to take up the slack, enjoying the way Steve's breath caught in his throat. He looped it again around his fist, slowly, revelling in Steve's beautifully wide-eyed panic."Tony?" Steve breathed. "Tony-- you--""Come here, soldier," Tony grinned at him, twisting the tie and dragging Steve closer.Steve lurched forward, shocked, and Tony took advantage of his surprise to wrap his free arm around Steve's neck and kiss him, just a little bit of tongue, teasing. Steve floundered for a moment, then his hands--- his big hands, yeah, that was going to be amazing -- came up, landing on Tony's hips, and Steve kissed him like he was desperate for it, like he'd been waiting--God, he was in love with Tony, what the fuck, what the actual fuck, this was going to end s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
So much angst
Manpain
So Much Manpain
Love Confessions
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Pining
Kissing
Resolved Sexual Tension
Declarations Of Love
Requited Love
Oh Tony
I Don't Even Know
Poor Tony
No Spoilers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

