Work Text:



Tony was six the first time he met his imaginary friend.  He was sitting on his bed, breathing heavily (not crying.  Big boys didn’t cry) and wishing there was someone who would hold him tight and tell him it would be okay.  He wanted someone who would understand, someone who would care.  What Tony wanted most of all, at the age of six, was a friend.When the eagle appeared on his bedside not two minutes later, it didn’t take a genius to notice the correlation.TIF (Tony’s Imaginary Friend) wasn’t there all the time, but he was there when Tony needed him.  He would preen Tony’s hair and let the child run his hand through the feathers. Their formation and texture distracted him from dwelling on the fact that being around his father made him hurt—like getting shots in his brain. He could forget being yelled at for telling the same man that Obie wasn’t a nice person.  None of that mattered when TIF was there.Even the empty place inside Tony hurt less when he held TIF in his arms.  It didn’t go away – nothing made the empty place go away.  It just…wasn’t as noticeable.  More like a toothache than walking on a broken leg.Tony didn’t think anything of TIF.  Everybody had imaginary friends.  Still, TIF was private.  TIF was Tony’s friend (it was all right there in the name), and he very rarely played with him in front of other people.  Even if he did, he never touched him.  As a result, very few people even knew Tony had an imaginary friend, let alone thought there might be something unusual about it.Then Howard brought home two consultants.  Two consultants who glanced at their colleague’s child with polite disinterest before freezing in place.Tony didn’t pay the adults any attention when they first arrived, too busy watching TIF soar around the room with a delighted smile on his face.  Being able to fly looked amazing.“Tony?” One of the newcomers asked him gently.  Tony glanced away from the spectacle above him and took in the adults staring at him cautiously.  As soon as he looked at them he had to fight the impulse to run over and wrap his arms around their legs.  They were nice.  They didn’t feel…slimy like most of the people who came to speak with his father.“Hi,” he said with a bright smile.“Hi,” the shorter of the two responded, crouching down so he could be on Tony’s level.  “You mind introducing me to your friend?”“Who, TIF?” Tony asked. “He’s an eagle.  And he’s imaginary.”“Tell me, Tony,” the man asked in a voice Tony wanted to hear more of, “when do you see Tif?  I’m assuming he’s not around all the time.”“No.  Not all the time.  But he’s there when I need him.  When I’m scared, or sad…TIF makes me feel better.”His dad’s two associates exchanged looks before returning to an impatient Howard Stark and conducting a quick, intense conversation with him.After that, everything made much more sense.Tony’s feelings about being a Guide fluctuated throughout the years.  Empathy was not an easy burden to bear.  Nor was the horrible, all-consuming sense of something missing – like a part of his soul had been ripped out.  And most of the spiritual stuff made him want to tear his hair out.Still, it was hard to argue with evidence that had been right under his nose since he was six years old.  The look on his instructor’s face the day they had the lesson on spirit animals was something he cherished to this day.  Everyone at the Keep, Tony included, had expected the familiar form of a bald eagle to appear at the end of the meditation.  To say he was surprised to find a red fox when he opened his eyes would be like saying he was sort-of well off.Even at the Keep, an organization specifically created to educate, support, and advocate for both Guides and Sentinels, this was unprecedented.  They had quickly hustled him off to the private office of the Alpha pair of the New York area, where Tony had talked one-on-one with the man who was in all probability the strongest Guide all the world over.Tony had met with Professor Xavier a few times over the course of his training to talk about his abilities.  It was clear from the start that Tony was a powerful Guide, though how powerful still remained to be seen.  While helpful, there was only so much Tony could really expect to learn from Professor Xavier, given that his mutation made it difficult to determine where his Guide gifts ended and his telepathy began.“I believe congratulations are in order?” the Professor said as soon as Tony entered his office.“Why?” Tony asked as he settled down.  He was confused and disoriented and he just wanted to know what was happening.“You know that as a Guide, you will one day help to ground your Sentinel, focus overactive senses when they spike out of control, keep him or her oriented and on task, yes?”Tony rolled his eyes as he nodded.  Every Tom, Dick, and Harry knew that.“And in turn, your Sentinel will protect you, shield you from other minds and the like?”Again a nod coupled with an eye-roll.“I know that the more spiritual 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
brief allusion to Erik/Charles

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Soul Bond
Soulmates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
brief allusion to Erik/Charles

