Chapter 1





Chapter Text

July, 2014
The Fourth of July had always been a big holiday in Sharon Carter's family. When she was a little girl her father and several of his siblings would go in together on a rental house on the Jersey shore and she and her cousins would sleep together in one room, sprawled on stray mattresses and couch cushions, in Beauty and the Beast sleeping bags and Barbie nightgowns. They would be there the whole week, but on the fourth itself there would be a huge barbecue with relatives driving in from other parts of the East Coast to share in the burgers, hot dogs and semi-legal fireworks. She remembered Aunt Peggy attending those barbecues, because she remembered everything Aunt Peggy did, already forming a bit of a hero worship for the old woman. She had often sat apart from the festivities, though. If you came up to her with a sparkler or something she would smile and exclaim over it. She always complimented Sharon's mother on her potato salad. But there was always a sense of melancholy to her. Sharon's father had told her that Aunt Peggy just missed her husband and that made people quiet.It wasn't until Sharon was a teenager and learning about WWII and Captain America in school that she realized the real reason Aunt Peggy hadn't liked the Fourth of July party and it had nothing to do with Uncle Daniel.Steve Rogers had been born on July fourth.The big barbecue didn't happen much anymore. She and her cousins were all grown and spread across the globe from DC to San Francisco to Paris and Tokyo. Most of them saved their family time for Thanksgiving or Christmas. But Sharon still remembered Aunt Peggy, watching fireworks with an odd, sad smile on her face.The Fourth of July after SHIELD fell Sharon visited Peggy at her nursing home, bringing with her flowers and a bowl of her mom's potato salad. Peggy was delighted to see her, as she always was. She knew who she was right away, which was nice. Sometimes she though Sharon was her mother, or Lilly, Peggy's daughter. Once she'd called her Angie, but hadn't been able to tell her who Angie was when pressed. "This potato salad is as good as it was when your mother made it," Peggy told her, nibbling on the small serving her nurses had said was okay to give her."The secret ingredient is pickle juice," Sharon told her. Her mother hoarded that secret with her life, but who was Peggy going to tell?"That does explain it." She ate one more bite, then put the bowl down with a sigh. "I miss him today more than most."If her father were here, he'd ask who she meant. Dad had never really processed the whole, his Aunt had been in love with Captain America thing. Sharon didn't bother. "It's his birthday, right?"Peggy nodded. "Yes. We got drinks together to celebrate. He and the Commandos. We couldn't give him any gifts, of course. With the rations. Not even a cake. But he swore it was the best birthday he'd ever had, because his friends were there." Peggy smiled fondly. "He was like that, you know. So kind.""I know," Sharon said. It sounded like today was one of those days Peggy didn't remember he was alive again and she didn't want to throw her off. "I'm sorry you miss him."Her aunt was silent a moment, staring off into space. Sharon felt an odd little chill on her spine and found herself watching Peggy's chest, counting the rise and fall of her breaths. Finally, the old woman spoke. "I'd like to think I'll see him again. On the other side. I've outlived all of them. All the ones I loved. Steve and Daniel. Howard. Edwin. Angie. All of them." She looked at Sharon and there were tears in her eyes. "I'd like to think I'll see them again."Sharon put her bowl down and reached out to hold Peggy's hand in both of hers. "I'm sure you will, Aunt Peg. You've earned that.""Yes." She squeezed her hands with surprising strength. "You're a good girl, Sharon. You were always a good girl. I was so proud of you when you made SHIELD agent."She swallowed hard, but smiled. "Thank you. I'm glad."Peggy sighed and there was something raspy at the end of it. "I'd like to take a nap now, Sharon, dear.""That's fine. Do you mind if I sit a bit longer? It's very peaceful here.""Peaceful, yes. Of course, dear. It will be nice to have some company."Sharon held her hand as she drifted off, rubbing the paper thin skin stretched over slim fingers. Aunt Peggy had always been so larger than life. With stories that seem out of pulp novels. It didn't seem right that she should slip away quietly in a nursing home. But maybe that's what she had earned. To have peace in this moment, to make up for the chaos of all the others.Peggy stopped breathing at eight thirty pm on July fourth, just as the boom of fireworks started to echo in the humid air outside her window.Sharon's Aunt Lilly and cousins handled the funeral arrangements. There was a big obituary in multiple major papers, though it made her sad it was tainted by commentary about what SHIELD turned out to be. Most of the family was comi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Love Letters
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
Family Drama
Mission Fic
Eventual Smut
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

