Chapter 1: Welcome to New York
    




Chapter Text
‘Home sweet home’, thought Foggy Nelson as he dropped the last of his three boxes in the hall of his new apartment. The inside of the room somehow looked both cramped and hauntingly empty. Cramped because he had just graduated, and the only place he could afford was nothing but a glorified broom closet with unreliable electricity and mostly drinkable running water. Empty because once again he had been a broke student a few days prior, and the three boxes that were mostly filled with old textbooks and a few ratty T-shirts represented the entirety of his possessions. Foggy sighed, and after rubbing a tired hand over his eyes, decided that the short and depressing task of unpacking his belongings could wait a few hours. The weather was nice and he hadn’t been in Hell’s Kitchen in years. He might as well take a walk, clear his head. It was a little after nine, and while Foggy was aware that being out after dark in this neighbourhood wasn’t the smartest of ideas, he trusted his ‘starving student vibe’ was still strong enough to convince the muggers that he really wasn’t worth the trouble. Hands in his pockets, Foggy walked around for hours, building himself a mental map of corner stores with really cheap ramen, greasy pizzerias that would deliver quickly to his place and seedy dive bars where he could drown his future sorrows and joys, whatever they might be. He considered going in to celebrate moving back in, but he was too poor to splurge on the good stuff and not desperate enough to get smashed on the cheap stuff alone. By the time he got back around to his street, it was almost eleven and Foggy was starting to get immune to the smell of the city. New Yorkers could say what they wanted about Boston, but it definitely didn’t carry an array of odors as interesting as Hell’s Kitchen. Lost as he was in his thoughts, Foggy didn’t notice the shouting and the banging until he was directly in front of the alley from which it was coming. When he did, however, he flattened himself against the wall, peeking around the corner. There were at least three men from what he could see, all pushing each other in their efforts to get to something that was further away, hidden in the shadows. Foggy cursed himself for not taking his cell phone with him. He didn’t want to leave to find a phone to call the police, since he wasn’t sure anything actually illegal was happening, and he wanted to be able to help whoever—or whatever—was the target of the three goons. He could hear what they were saying though. They were already patting themselves on the back about ‘taking care’ of the ‘fucker’ that had been ‘fucking up’ their bosses ‘operations’. Foggy had been gone from the city for a long while, but it didn’t take long to understand that the goons weren’t good law abiding citizens –nor Nobel Prize candidates-, and that the other person had been trying to take them down, somehow, for some reasons. Whatever the case, he could do nothing but watch as one of the men was suddenly flung backward with enough strength that his head bounced off the brick wall with a sickening crack. The two others jumped on the shadow, and for a while Foggy couldn’t determine which limbs belonged to which body. Suddenly, though, all three assailants were on the ground, groaning and holding various body parts. Finally, the fourth person stepped in view, and Foggy sucked a breath. He was obviously limping, his left leg dragging behind him. His flimsy black shirt stuck to his torso with wet blood in numerous places, and to top it all off, he was wearing the corniest wannabe ninja mask Foggy had ever seen. For a beat, Foggy thought that maybe the goons hadn’t been the bad guys after all; that perhaps this one was. Then his eyes shot to where the three men were still alive, and despite his lack of experience on the subject, Foggy was pretty sure they would be as good as new once healed. Foggy took a fortifying breath, and finally stepped into view, a few feet in front of the limping ninja. The man must really have taken a beating, because he didn’t seem to notice Foggy’s presence, despite the other man standing directly in front of him, until he talked. “Hey, dude, are you alright?” Foggy kept his voice steady and low, feeling anything but. The ninja jumped. His arms were up so fast, Foggy didn’t see them move. The two men stayed frozen like that for a few seconds, the ninja perfectly still and ready to bounce, Foggy as unthreatening as he could make himself, heartbeat racing. Foggy was never one for awkward silences, though, and he cracked first. “Relax, man, I’m not here to steal your shuriken or whatever you ninjas have hidden in those suits of yours.” The other man kept still for another beat, head cocking to the side slightly, before lowering his arms, his body relaxing and seemingly remembering it was, as a matter of fact, injured. He still didn’t speak or utter any kind of sound, however, and Foggy couldn’t h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Harvard!AU
Foggy went to Harvard
Not Columbia
Slow Build
Foggy is too good for his own well being
Matt needs a hug
or five

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

