Work Text:
Bruce Banner knows Tony Stark doesn’t give a shit about shawarma.Sure, the billionaire takes all out for dinner after the situation is more or less contained - after Loki’s anchored to the deck of the helicarrier with Thor’s hammer, after the press’s attention has been thoroughly and skillfully turned towards the swath of alien destruction and away from the team by Fury’s propaganda people, after Bruce manages to get the other guy locked safely away within the meditative prison that takes so, so much effort to maintain.Tony doesn’t care about how much effort it takes him to keep the... the other guy locked up. Bruce knows this. He’s known it since the moment he set eyes on the other man, since Tony set eyes on him, that gleam of interest so clearly evidently. But before today, Bruce would have said that the billionaire was only curious, childish and stupid, for wanting to see the other guy. His enormous green rage monster as the weapons dealer so gleefully put it.Today... after the wormhole ... well, Bruce doesn’t think it’s that easy. That anything is really that easy, that obvious, about Tony Stark.Which is why he knows that the weapons dealer doesn’t give a shit about shawarma.What he does care about, though... that’s a much, much harder thing to pin down.The team’s here now, eating in silence, nobody sure what to say to anyone else. The only person in the ruined little dinner who isn’t still in uniform, as the Captain might say, is Bruce himself. The other guy probably wouldn’t appreciate the shawarma anyway, which is a shame.It really isn’t bad here. Not bad for America, anyway. Bruce has been all over the Middle East, had this kind of flatbread sandwich dozens of times. He knows what it should taste like. It tastes like it should, plus or minus some spices, and his own unwilling taste buds aside. He wonders if anybody else has ever had it before, if it even matters either way.They’re just happy they’re alive.Bruce isn’t sure he feels the same way.Tony looks up at him then, right as he takes a bite out of his own sandwich, and Bruce doesn’t know why Tony brought them here, why it was so goddamn important, why Tony kept joking about it, even after the battle was over, why Tony got so obsessive about getting JARVIS to find the place, about bringing them here, even telling Fury to back the fuck off, okay dad, we’re getting dinner together and we aren’t gonna be home in time for curfew, so just get over it.Tony might not care about shawarma, but he is after something, and Bruce has no idea what that is.The thought of somebody being about to get the drop on him like this, being able to out-think him, is as unsettling as it is fascinating, though.Bruce hasn’t felt either of those two things in a long, long time.Tony’s still looking at him, still eating his sandwich and looking at him, and the sheer amount of analytical consideration in his eyes makes Bruce shiver.The billionaire takes one more bite, and then drops the whole flatbread-meat-yogurt sauce configuration back into the greasy, paper-lined basket. “So,” Tony says in his flat, smooth, suave way, wiping his hands on a wad of flimsy napkins, “everybody got a place to stay tonight? Cause I know we made a bit of a mess earlier, but I’m more than happy to host a sleepover. We can have naked pillow fights and everything,” and he smiles at Natasha, who just rolls her eyes.Bruce doesn’t fail to notice the way she’s holding Clint’s hand under the table.Everybody drifts out after that, as if Tony, breaking the silence, has given them permission to go.Clint says he’s got a safehouse in the Upper East Side, and Natasha doesn’t even protest as he slips his arm around her waist and leads her from the diner.  She’s trying to hide it, but Bruce knows that the events of the day have shaken her.  Badly.  He feels partially responsible for that, for not being able to keep the other guy from scaring the shit out of her in the bowels of the helicarrier... but neither she nor Clint would let him apologize, he knows, if he tried.Cap’s next, the man clapping Tony on the back with one big hand, saying he wants to make a stop by the hospital on his way back home, make sure the injured are doing okay, that New York’s probably never seen a disaster like this before, that they might need some extra help getting things organized right. Neither Tony or Bruce mention 9/11 in rebuttal to that idea - the old man’s had enough horrible things thrown at him as it is already today.Thor lingers a little while longer, finishing his meal with quick, efficient bites - he ordered triple what everyone else did - and then excuses himself with a strange grace. If you will pardon my hasty departure, my friends, I believe my brother will need attending to. He and I have much to discuss before we return to our father for his judgement, and Fury has already proven himself ill-equipped to manage him. His manners seem more at home in Lord of the Rings than some shitty little dive like this, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post Avengers (Movie)

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

