Work Text:
The couch jolted to one side, the weight shifting the cushions to the right and Raven higher. She looked over to see a large black mass on the couch beside her. "Marweolaeth," Raven nodded at the "puppy".Laeth stared back, blinking lazily as she buried further in the cushions. She offered an exaggerated yawn and closed her eyes to sleep. Raven rolled her eyes and scratched between Laeth's ears affectionately.
A woman changing, water running. Masked man waits, watches. Fear, anticipation, thrill.
Raven stood and walked to the coffee machine on the counter, taking out the coffee and receiving only hot water in a mug. She added a tea bag and stirred it in, levitating a marker on the other side of the room to write a note about needing tea leaves.She was about to walk back to the couch when a cold feeling spread through the room, lights flickering and the window showing a darkened sky. "Jarvis?" Raven checked."This is real." The voice in the ceiling spoke. The girl nodded. She grabbed a large knit sweater and slipped it on over her clothes, the sweater swallowing her. "Raven, your presence-," Jarvis's voice faded out and Raven felt a sliver of alarm. Jarvis was designed to never fail, never falter in his progress. It was not yet time for him to change this pattern. She straightened, listening to the things inaudible to many.Nature was screaming. Birds were cowering as wind screamed and clouds struggled to contain their water. A storm was on the brink of occurring, one that would plunge the world to The End if allowed to occur. Every particle of the world protested it, each of them wishing to keep nature on the rightful course. Even humans were nervous, looking around only semi-obviously while animals recognized a little of the danger and their souls shrieked.Raven bared her teeth as Laeth growled and static filled the air.They recognized that feeling.Raven had spent too long with the creature who caused that unnatural feeling.She set the mug down on the counter and focused on her center, narrowing the origin of the unnatural feeling to above the city. In the helicarrier. In the main room. By her family and the baby agents.When Raven opened her eyes again, she saw she stood inside the area, invisible as Laeth shielded her from the threat. All around her was people injured or immobilized on the floor, minds groaning from the strain of trying fruitlessly to move. Tony was beside the rest of the Avengers, each having their aura show their anger. Thor's eyes were narrowed, betrayal oozing out of him as well as anger. Both assassins on the team were calculating, mentally trying to find a weakness in their traps. Bruce was looking decidedly green and Raven sent a wave of calm his way. No use clearing everything, only to get Hulk out and destroy it all.Both Tony and Steve were tied to tables, tied in knots Raven recognized as ones that would shatter all of the bones in the body trapped if they attempted to move. She frowned and fought back anger. Raven had created that knot, it was not to be used to tie up innocent people, but for those beings who considered themselves Gods and punished those not needing punishment.She looked around and saw one of the very beings she had been thinking of and scowled.The familiar blue muscled man, red eyes staring around, gold plated armor shoulder guard and groin covering, smug look on his face bringing back memories of screamed insults and whispered apologies to bare skin.Raven felt her eyes glow, the dark green become the light and illuminating as her mind became clear and crisp for the first time in generations. The feeling of information becoming organized and rearranging into order of importance giving her mind relief.This had been why she had stayed with him so long. Someone to help carry the knowledge and burden of living then, now, and soon all at once.She stepped forward, Laeth walking with her a step before falling back and sitting down. The invisibility shield shattered all at once, feeling like water as it fell around her and showed her to the room. "Thanos." Raven greeted.All at once the attention in the room turned to her but Raven only focused on her once-lover.He smirked back, thick squares of teeth glinting threatening in the sun. "Lover. Did you miss me?"Raven quirked an eyebrow. "Did I miss you? Tell me, Son of Sui-San and A'Lars called Mad Titan, when was I without you?" Thanos's smirked faded slightly but Raven continued. "Tell me, Instigator of Wars, did you think I lost you? Did you think I let a titan whose own mother predicted his obsession with Death roam free while working for my servant? I was never without you, I never stopped watching you. It was only the fact that I didn't care enough to show myself that made you think you were alone- that made you cocky enough to search for my Soul Gems.""It caught your attention, no?" The titan bit out. "You called for a battle for Death's affections, and instead I won you too.""Won me?" Raven whispered. She s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Immortality
Master of Death Harry Potter
Master of Death
Immortal Harry Potter
Crazy Harry
Female Harry Potter
Quirky Harry
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Harry
Protective Harry
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

