Work Text:
The smell hits him as soon as he steps foot inside SHIELD headquarters.Tony feels the hair at his nape stir and the urge to peel his lips back and growl. His steps falter because it's so strong which means there's more than one and that's just insanity. Tony's used to being the only wolf in a ten mile radius because his scent drives others off."You've gotta be kidding me," he snaps at an unaffected Fury beside him. "This wasn't-""This was part of the deal. I explained that.""Well, you didn't explain properly.""Is it my fault you were checking your email and surfing furry sites during the briefing?" Fury asks."I like to multitask," Tony says with a roll of his shoulders. The smell is making his skin prickle uncomfortably, giving him flight or fight impulses that are hard to ignore. He brushes a hand down his suit jacket, trying to look as unruffled as possible. He doesn't want to give Fury the satisfaction of seeing him sweat."Which is unfortunate because you can only actually concentrate on one thing at a time," Fury says dryly and Tony offers an unimpressed huff. Fury leads him with a hand hovering at his back but not actually connecting into a large conference room. The smell increases, becomes almost too much to handle because it’s concentrated. The air scrubbers don't do enough to dispel it and Tony feels his skin actually twitch with the need to shift.He looks over the occupants of the room quickly, dismissing a man and woman already in SHIELD uniform but scents toned down because they must be on blockers and another human in a suit not quite as nice as his but close. His focus narrows on the most mild-looking man in the room who's backed himself into a corner and has on a honest-to-god tweed jacket with elbow patches. "Now I know you're joking," Tony scoffs and Fury narrows his one good eye at Tony. "I mean c'mon, a berserker, really?" Tony feels a little warmer towards the two agents when they look surprised and wary, shuffling closer together and further away from the guy in the corner. "Doctor Banner is-""If you're about to tell me he's fine and he has it under control, you can just stop right there," Tony cuts off the un-introduced man with a dismissive wave of his hand. "What Agent Coulson was going to say-" Fury tries but Tony just rolls his eyes and sits, throwing his legs up on the long meeting table. "Let me guess, he was going to say that, Banner is it?" Tony says, raises his eyebrows at the guy who looks startled to be addressed but nods quickly. "He was going to say that Banner's on blockers, I can smell it. Doesn't make a difference.""It really doesn't." Tony turns to see another man enter the room. He's tall, blond and broad shouldered. He looks infuriatingly familiar to Tony but he can't quite place him. "He'll burn straight through the blockers the first time he's even a little stressed.""Captain Rogers, he's going to be field tested like everyone. If there's a problem, we'll find it there," Fury says. "Um, I'm happy to sit out... of everything," Banner offers with a tentative raise of his hand. Tony feels a little bad for the guy, it's not his fault he can't control his shifting, just a roll of the dice that could happen to anyone. Then the name Rogers filters through to Tony and he knows exactly who the latecomer is."Captain America, really?" Tony says and Steve Rogers winces at the edge to Tony's tone. "Mr. Stark, I knew your father," Steve says by way of greeting, approaches and holds out a hand to Tony, who looks at it incredulously and then back at Steve's face, unsure the guy is even real."Yeah, so did I. That's not really a redeeming quality," he says and Steve drops his hand, face hardening."It would be better if we could be civil since we're going to be working together," Steve says, jaw going tight on the word civil."I'm not working with you," Tony scoffs. "If you don't want to be collared and pinned, yes you are," Fury says and Tony rounds on him. He feels Steve grab for his arm, probably because he can feel the aggression coming off Tony in waves and they're in a closed room with humans. That doesn't matter because Tony sees red.He's shifting before he can stop himself, wonders if maybe this is what a berserker feels like every time. Halfway through the change, Tony feels something land on his back, there's a sharp pain in his neck and then there's nothing.

*
"I can't tell you how many laws you broke dosing me against my will," Tony says. He's cradling his head in his hands, the effects of the suppressant leaving him feeling like he has the worst kind of hangover. "My lawyer will be able to though.""You were shifting in a room with humans. It was justified."Tony glares at Fury's shoes because his head feels too heavy to lift."You keep telling yourself and my three thousand dollar an hour guy that," Tony says. He uses a hand to push his head up so he can see Fury's face. "You ever read the Lycan Bill of Rights?""Have you?" Tony snorts and accepts the glass of wat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Werewolves
First Time
Tony Stark has feelings
Action/Adventure
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

