Work Text:


Title art by hannasus. ♥


So, Captain America effectively manages to cockblock Tony for a year.
 
Maybe this isn't the right place for the story to start.
 
It starts with a television.


It's not the television's fault per se. That should be clarified early on in any story where Tony Stark, mad genius inventor, features heavily. No one should ever put it beyond Tony to invent a television that could cause apocalyptic damage—this is just a note to tell you that this isn't that story.


The apocalyptic television comes later in the Avengers' career, and was invented by Justin Hammer.

The knob.
According to just about everybody, TV is something Steve is going to need in order to make sense of the 21st Century. So he spends an hour prodding it just to turn it on, an hour ranting about how TV in the forties was so much easier because hey, two channels and a dial, hello. He loses a third hour making a picture appear on the screen.Steve wishes he hadn't bothered. Mainly because he's completely appalled.The only thing in his life that he's known for certain is that he wants to fight. He wants to battle anyone and anything that threatens the freedom of Americans. But is this what he is willing to die to save? Are people of this decade all this shallow, selfish, stupid?Steve stares at the screen, stiff, hating, and he barely registers the sensation of the sofa dipping with someone's weight. That it's Tony who's flung himself down haphazardly is no surprise.Steve had been assuming Tony's cavalier, ill-thinking bursts of attitude were a deviant from the norm, and that Tony got away with it with an absurd combination of schoolboy charm, his admittedly good looks and the fact he was rich. Even Fury had noticed that Steve had made it his personal mission to ensure Tony's ego got the robust and regular denting it required, but now he's just thinking Tony's ego aside, maybe this is just regular 21st Century behavior."Whatcha watching?" Tony asks, and then Steve catches movement in the corner of his eye—Tony had been watching him, and not the TV screen. "Oh, I'm a Teenage Pregnant Drug Addict! Have I missed any fist fights?"Steve turns his face from the screen to face Tony, not even bothering to hide how appalled he is, because how can Tony be so blasé about this horror? Even Steve's particular brand of depravity doesn't lead to heavily pregnant girls shouting such repulsive things at each other. His shame is quiet and reserved, like himself.Tony looks back, a furrow on his forehead that might be genuine. "Are you all right?" Tony asks, like they're friends, and that's not exactly been the case; it's not like they get on in the briefing room, and while they work seamlessly together in the field, Tony embodies a ton of things that Steve doesn't approve of. He's egocentric, flamboyant, wasteful with food and cars and people. He's impulsive and childish. He flirts outrageously with anyone in striking distance, tossing his hair and touching them indiscriminately.Apparently Steve doesn't look all right, or Tony just never bothers waiting for an answer from anyone, as Tony continues. "You look like me the time Pepper ordered a DIY rectal examination kit from the Internet because I refused to see my doctor, and that thing had prongs. Seriously, are you all right?"Steve debates whether to continue to stare at Tony, appalled, but it's probably not the best idea if he's going to continue talking about... rectums.  "Copacetic. Is this-" Steve starts, as two of the heavily pregnant girls onscreen, as Tony intimated would happen, begin punching each other, "how are you okay with this?"Tony's still smiling when he looks at Steve, but his smile fades. Steve's been told his seriousness is contagious. He doesn't want to be the one constantly killing the mood, but he can't always just sit back and let this new century wash over him. "It's staged. They're girls who need money. These TV people just want a show. It's a step above some of the more terrible things they could be doing.""It's... uncomfortable viewing," Steve says, struggling to find the words. "I'm-" His face falls and he looks at Tony, frown fully in place. "How can this be the world we're supposed to save?""Oh," Tony says, like the question is a disappointment. "I think you're just not looking hard enough.""It's not like there's much more on this screen apart from some debs who got knocked up... apparently beating each other up—where are their husbands?""Oh, I am seriously not going to be able to explain this to you properly." Tony rubs the back of his head furiously for a moment, making his hair skewiff, and he leans and absently snatches a black bar from the arm of the sofa nearest Steve, leaning over him and back in a flash. "They're not necessarily married? It's not such a big thing these days. Most marriages end in divorce, so girls... don't even bother getting married in the first place. It's... not a taboo?"Steve stares a little. "I thought Agent Fury was kid
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Big Bang Challenge
Canon Abuse
Internalized Homophobia
Fluff and Crack
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Non-Consensual Kissing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

