Work Text:
Tony wakes to a spectacular hangover. His head is pounding, his eyes and mouth feel sandy and he's fairly convinced that if he moves a mere millimeter, he'll be spectacularly ill. This is novel, because Tony doesn't often wake to hangovers this bad; he's a regular drinker, after all, and at most he gets a little headache and fatigue, and he's generally tired anyway (goes with the lack of sleep, really).Someone moves again on the bed, reminding Tony that this is what woke him up the first time; somebody moving. Not greatly, just the shifting of somebody being there, but it dips the mattress under him just enough to aggravate the symptoms.A raspy noise escapes his throat and he squeezes his eyes shut, even though he had been in no danger of opening them. It's not exactly bright in the room he's in, he can tell this much, but it's not as dark as his hangover would prefer either.There's a quiet laugh; it sounds familiar, but Tony isn't exactly functioning at a hundred percent right now. He's much too busy not throwing up all over the bed he's lying in, mostly because he's not sure he currently has the strength to push himself away from the spot."Oh dear," someone murmurs, miraculously quiet enough not to aggravate the pounding in Tony's head. Suddenly, he feels two cool fingers on his temple, and the coolness seems to drip out of them and right into his head, soothing the pain there, seeping through his body and chasing all the aches away.Tony blinks. It's dusky in the room, heavy curtains keeping out the light, but enough of it makes it through to see the outlines of the person he's sharing the pillow with. As his eyes adjust, Tony starts to make out more of their features – unruly hair, gleaming teeth, a straight nose, noble cheekbones… mischievous eyes."What the hell." Tony sits up, turns on the bedside lamp and stares at the person he clearly slept with, if their states of undress are anything to go by. What with the incredible hangover he's been suffering until a mere minute ago, he can almost believe it. "What the heck are you doing in my bed?""Now, now," Loki says, stretching out like the cat who got the canary and the cream, a smug grin playing around his lips. "That's no way to talk to your husband."What. "Husband." He wasn't that drunk was he? No way was he that drunk.Raising his arm and stretching out his fingers so they can both admire the gold ring gleaming on his finger, Loki smiles angelically. The ring is made to look like it's made of one single string of metal, entwined in a celtic knot pattern. A memory comes to the surface, of Tony taking it out of Loki's palm and giggling, saying something about how it has lots of S shapes, S for Stark.Eyes wide, Tony raises his own hand, and, yep – matching ring there. More memories come to the surface now. He'd been in some club, steadily getting drunk, some music heavy on the bass pounding in his blood; Loki had joined him at some point, when Tony had just drunk enough to be reckless enough not to run to S.H.I.E.L.D. immediately. There had been some words that had resulted effectively in a temporary truce in the name of getting completely smashed. Tony clearly remembers the words they had exchanged (something about how they both had a need to just forget sometimes), and how they had both gotten drunker and drunker, stumbling from bar to bar until they had ended up at a party celebrating the new marriage equality act. He also remembers that it had been a marriage party full of gay couples who had brought their own clergy to marry them, and one of the attendees had suggested Tony and Loki marry as well. Loki and Tony had had a good laugh about that, imagining everybody's reactions; they had been in agreement that their respective allies would never take them serious again. It'd be great, they'd decided, but impossible, what with the lack of license and everything.But never fear; the party they had crashed had connections. One of the attendees was a city clerk who, somehow sensing distress in Tony and Loki's hysterical giggling, had tearfully promised them that he'd take care of it. An hour later, he had come back from wherever he had vanished to and proudly presented them with a marriage license, issued two days ago. "Completely legal!" he had declared, a fierce gleam in his eyes. "Watertight. No worries, dude, I got ya. Marriage for everyone!" That last sentence he screamed and was met with cheering and applause.And then there had been a mass wedding, orchestrated by a crowd of drunk couples and their friends.Fuck. They had honestly gotten married. And properly, too; with rings summoned by Loki and a witness (a random person from the crowd) and a hotel room and consummation. Enthusiastic consummation. Repeatedly. Tony is honestly surprised at his own stamina while this hammered."This should be fun," Loki says, sounding way too happy considering the situation they're in. When he sits up the sheet slides down his body to pool in his lap, making To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Accidental Marriage
Marriage
alcohol is not your friend Tony
Loki's schemes

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

