Work Text:
It's fortunate Odin tells him when they're alone in the throne room. When Thor learns the truth his legs give out beneath him and he falls to his knees."Loki is alive," he echoes, and the words grate roughly in his throat. Relief stings his eyes, and his blood rushes so loudly in his ears that all other sounds are eclipsed.Loki is alive. For a moment nothing else comes close to mattering.But Odin's expression doesn't suit the elation flooding Thor's chest. There's no answering smile on his face. There's only tired heartbreak (an expression with which Thor has grown familiar since he started paying attention), and Thor's relief freezes to fear in his chest."What is it?""My son," Odin says. He strides forward to clasp Thor's shoulder, though he doesn't urge Thor to his feet. Odin's strong voice quavers almost imperceptibly. "I'm afraid there is more.""Tell me," Thor whispers.

- — - — - — - — -
He thinks he's prepared.The danger is a trifling concern. The dark energy Odin summons to send him to Midgard is likewise beneath Thor's notice. They are both simply necessary. He must reach Earth if he is to reclaim his fallen brother. Nothing will stand in his way.The sight of Loki, the feel of him alive in Thor's hands as they hurtle through the storm, these sensations aren't so potent as to throw Thor off his guard. He knows convincing Loki to come home will be no simple task. He knows just as surely (whatever naïve hopes may sing in the secret recesses of his mind) that they will come to violence before Loki agrees.He thinks himself prepared for all these things, even for the bitterness Loki will inevitably have harbored since his fall.But Loki isn't simply bitter. Loki doesn't just refuse him or fight him.Loki renounces him. He denies Thor as his brother. "Your father," he says, and fresh loss churns in Thor's gut. Loki's words are spoken quietly, but they cut at Thor more fiercely than any physical wound Loki could possibly inflict. Thor considers pleading from his knees. He wonders if it would be enough. Loki never responds to Thor's anger—always too superior, too smug in his the attitude that he's above anything so petty as Thor's rage—but perhaps if Thor appealed to his pride. But there's animal desperation in Loki's eyes, despite the tight control in his voice. Thor knows even pride won't reach Loki now."Brother," Thor whispers, standing too close, clinging to Loki with unforgiving hands. "What has happened to you?"Loki's eyes flash cold and he says, "It doesn't matter."

- — - — - — - — -
He begs Loki to come home. Loki unleashes his army instead.

- — - — - — - — -
In the aftermath, Thor worries that the Humans will try to keep Loki. Humans have such stubborn notions when it comes to justice and their right to mete it out. Loki has done unmeasured damage to their world, so much so that even Thor can understand their desire to punish him themselves.But Loki is of Asgard. His greatest crimes are answerable only there. There's also a quiet but stubborn voice in Thor's head; a possessive voice that insists quietly and constantly that Loki belongs to him. Rationally, Thor knows this voice is not to be trusted. But in his heart, he knows no stronger truth.If S.H.I.E.L.D. desires to keep and punish Loki themselves, Thor doesn't know what he'll do. Violence may be the only answer then, though he has no wish to harm people he has come to consider allies. But Director Fury is a man of practicality and of honor. Which of these traits makes him choose to hand both Tesseract and Trickster over, Thor doesn't know and does not ask. As Thor collects his brother, he wishes they could exchange words. The metal device gags not only Loki's voice but also his access to his magics, and while Thor recognizes the necessity, he also despises the device for the monstrosity it is. They've no right to silence Loki's silver tongue this way.No right, but need enough and then some. Thor leaves his protests unvoiced as he leads Loki, gagged and manacled, to the spot from which they will depart. Loki watches him with eyes that seem to say, 'I see you, Brother. I see the worst of you. You cannot fool me.'

- — - — - — - — -
Asgardian justice moves slowly.What rush is there, after all, to a people the rest of the universe would call immortal?  Loki is locked away, not in a tower but in a dungeon at the very heart of the city. The walls, the ceiling, the floor are all deep-set stone and bespelled metalwork. Enchanters have sealed this room against escape, and Odin's strongest sorcerers have crafted wards so potent that even the hundred surrounding sentries cannot cross them.Only Thor and Odin can move in and out of the room in which Loki awaits Asgard's justice. Even Frigga has not been permitted entrance."It would only break her heart," Odin has insisted time and again. "I will not do that to her."Thor thinks it even more cruel to keep her away, but it's not his place to question the Allfather. He consoles himself with the knowled
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Light Bondage
Light Masochism
Light Sadism
Rough Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Sibling Incest
Rape Fantasy
Possessive Behavior
First Kiss
First Time
Post-Avengers (2012)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

