Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text

 



HURRICANE


CHAPTER ONE

He could say it had all started when he realized he wasn’t getting any older.

It was quite baffling, the way Ron and Hermione would look like actual grownups, and he’d have that boyish look still. It hadn’t been an issue at first, but it had certainly grown to be so, and then he did the only thing he could actually think of doing: he ran away.

Not like a coward, or out of cowardice per se – he ran away, and it was by Hermione and Ron and Ginny’s advice. They weren’t afraid of him, but they were afraid for him - of what the Wizarding Government might do if they found out he wasn’t aging, that he might be immortal.

It wasn’t that he didn’t know what the reason for his newest freakish problem could be: he knew the Hallows had somehow left a mark upon him. He also knew that even if he had broken the Elder Wand, and left the Ring in the forest, they had found a way back to him, unharmed and complete.

He was their master, and they weren’t going to let him forget that. And apparently that meant he wasn’t going to age, or die – even if he wasn’t quite ready to put the later to the test yet.

So he had fled the Magical World, disappearing in the immensity of the Non-Magical folk and their normal lives. He tried finding jobs, but it was hard at first, and then he completely gave up when he realized that without some sort of education he would never find anything he actually enjoyed. He recurred to the Goblins, and converted his assets into muggle money, investing them in safe investments, and just hoped for the best, while trying to apply for a good University.

He studied for a few years, never actually knowing what he would major into, and in no hurry to find out – it wasn’t as if he was getting any older – until he found Professor Jane Foster’s work, and that definitely caught his attention.

She studied something at first considered absolutely insane – some sort of gateway between this world and another, something called Einstein-Rosen bridge, a wormhole that could actually take you from this dimension into another.

He remembered quite well some sort of gateway that could take you from this dimension and that nobody actually knew where it led. And because of that – because of that small chance that he might be able to find Sirius, to understand what had happened, the almost inexistent chance that Bellatrix’s Avada Kedavra hadn’t caught him, only the Veil, because of all that, he majored in astrophysics, and applied for a job with Jane Foster.

She didn’t really need him, though. She had SHIELD behind her, all the equipment she might ever need, an assistant that wasn’t exactly in her field but helped out a lot, and a dear friend who had her back.

Despite all of this, once she heard his story – or the part of it he could actually tell, how he had lost a dear family member in a gateway and was trying to find a way for him to come back -, she took him on. After all, they were pretty much on the same boat.

It had took him years though, to get where he wanted. And yet, he looked seventeen years old, with no facial hair to speak of, no muscle building to talk about, and a definite disappearance of his most trade mark traits. His scar had faded, his skin was always pale, even if he lived in New Mexico during Summer and Winter alike – and he was sure he was losing… something. Not his magic in the pure sense of the word, but something in him, around him, in the deepest corners of his soul. He was losing his humanity somehow, and yet he was still human. He couldn’t quite understand any of it, but he could feel himself shifting day after day, and that unnerved him. He didn’t want to be unique anymore; he didn’t want to be the odd one out.

Harry tried to ignore his changes most of the time, even if from time to time Jane or Darcy, or even Erik, would stare at him as if they couldn’t quite figure him out, or would comment about his appearance changing – never getting older, but never quite the same. He always chalked it up to a family trait, good genes that took longer to look older, but he knew they didn’t buy it. They had met Gods, and seen Rainbow Bridges at work. They had seen a fight between a metal monster from another world and someone they considered a friend. They knew weird when they saw it, and Jane, mostly, just thought he was from another world, and he was working with her to get back there.

It was almost the truth, so he let her believe that for as long as she wanted to.

The first one to leave their happy team was Erik – SHIELD called him to work on their New York base, and he left them to do his own work. They still talked pretty frequently, mostly Jane and him, but she didn’t want to leave her home in New Mexico and move to New York.

After hearing her history with a certain blond God, he could understand her. She didn’t want to miss the chance of meeting Thor again, and staying in New Mexico would guarantee he knew where to fi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Harry Potter
Thor/Jane Foster
Harry Potter & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki/Harry Potter
Thor/Jane Foster
Harry Potter & Thor (Marvel)

