Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 





~*~

It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons. ~Johann Schiller


~*~
It's four-thirty AM, and Steve is fairly proud of himself for almost having gotten a full night's sleep when there's a desperate pounding on his door. He's in his bathroom with the water running, brushing his teeth, so he turns the taps off and ducks his head out for a second listen. The walls are pretty thin in this building and sometimes knocking two apartments away can sound like it's right outside. But no, there's a second assault on his door and then a voice he hasn't heard except through the comlink in his cowl in weeks."Steve, oh my god, open up; I think your neighbors have knives."Steve blinks, wipes his mouth with a towel, rinses and tosses his toothbrush into the cup that's been designated for it on the back of his sink and heads for the door."Or guns, whatever, they are definitely armed. Oh hello, ma'am." Tony Stark's voice is abruptly directed toward the other side of the hall, where Steve can picture Mrs. Perkins staring pointedly through a chain-laced crack of open doorway, holding her cellphone with 9-1-1 on speed dial. "No, please don't call the police, I promise I'm a friend. Steve's friend. Iron Man? I think you may have heard of me. No, ma'am, I'm not a stripper. I promise I'm the real deal. I don't have any ID on me because most people think the really shiny red and gold armor are proof enough of identi--No, you're right, I shouldn't take that tone with you. That was a mistake and," abruptly, Tony is addressing Steve's door again, "for god's sake, Rogers, if you don't let me in I will break this door down, see if I don't."Steve is a little tempted to let this go on for a while, just to see where it will lead, but though he's sure Tony would pay for whatever damages he inflicted on Steve's apartment, it would still be obnoxious to wait for the repairs. He opens the door.Tony is standing in full Iron Man armor sans helmet, which Steve knows from experience can simply fold itself away into the structure of the neck. His hair is a wild mess and he hasn't shaved in at least a day, and his eyes are bloodshot--lack of sleep or excess of alcohol or a combination, Steve's not sure. He's got a scrape above his eyebrow that's no longer bleeding, but produced a long trickle that followed the curve of his cheek to disappear into his beard before it stopped. He smells of a recent explosion, and the Iron Man armor shows some scorching, especially along the left side, because Tony tends to turn his non-dominate side toward danger when he can't dodge fast enough.All in all, it's a little alarming but not exactly abnormal, except for the part where Tony's standing in the hallway of Steve's apartment complex, larger-than-life personality looking a bit cramped in the confines. What's really strange about it is the child Tony's got propped on his hip, wearing a non-descript off-white hospital gown, longish brown hair flopped over a wide, direct brown-eyed gaze."Tony, what--?""Let me in, Steve, let us in I guess is more accurate. Before we're knifed to death or something and I promise my explanation will make total sense and be not at all alarming.""No one's going to stab you," Steve huffs, slightly put out but mostly finding his crisis mode slipping over him like a comfortable jacket, and he's already thinking in terms of damage control rather than focusing on Tony's dismal assessment of his living arrangements. He sends Mrs. Perkins a friendly smile and wave as he steps back to let Tony in. "If they tried, I think they'd have a difficult time getting past the armor. Also, you're lying."Tony looks affronted, but it's a reflex expression, heart not really in it, and underneath that he looks panicked. It's all around his eyes and in his voice, the rest of his face blank, and Steve tries not to worry that he's a little bit of an expert on reading his teammate. "About what?""Your explanation making sense and/or not being alarming.""No," Tony protests as he pauses in the kitchen space, just beyond the door, looking around with a bright, curious look that the child in his arms echoes to an almost eerie degree of similarity. "Well, okay. Probably. Yes."Steve sighs and closes the door on Mrs. Perkin's expression which is caught between suspicion and amusement.Getting his unexpected houseguests settled takes a little more time than anticipated, especially when Tony discovers that he doesn't have a modern coffeemaker and spends a good five minutes in horrified silence and another fifteen puttering around the apartment poking into things. Steve goes to find something to entertain his younger guest. He comes back with a handful of blank paper and some pastel crayons, interrupting Tony, who is attempting to construct a coffee machine out of his own cellphone, spare parts from the armor--or what Steve hopes are spare parts, anyway--and whatever he's found in Steve's apartment that looks p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
implied Clint/Bruce
the plot doesn't kick in until the end
Fluff
Schmoop
Kid Fic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

