Work Text:
Everyone wants to know why Amala isn’t a bat. Which is, well, it’s not fine. But it’s something that Matt is used to, has ready answers for. Yes, she settled after his accident. Yes, she can see. She’s not a bat because she isn’t a bat. She’s not a guide dog because she’s just Amala, because she isn’t a pet or a tool. Foggy is something different, something new. Even from the first day, he never asked about Amala, draped over Matt’s shoulders as he nudged his way into 312. And even when he recognised Matt’s name, knew his story from a newspaper that Matt had never gotten to see himself, he still never asks the questions that Matt has come to expect.“Foggy Nelson,” he said, holding out a hand the way that everyone does, because it’s hardwired into American culture to the point that even if Matt couldn’t hear the rustle of sleeve against torso, he would still know to expect it. “And yes, I’ve heard all the jokes.”Matt tilted his head. “Jokes?”Foggy jolts, he can hear him jolt. “Oh, right, of course. This is Darius. He’s a frog.” His arms shift, both this time, something cupped in outstretched palms. A croak echoes through the room. “You know- Foggy, froggy? Apparently it’s funny.”“It is kind of funny,” Matt replies, not trying to hide his grin. He’s relieved when Foggy starts to laugh, rich and full.“Yeah, it kinda is.”  Foggy admits, and Darius gives a croak from his hands. Under Matt’s ear, Amala chirps in amusement. Matt holds out his arm for her to scamper down it, stretched out from his wrist to the tips of his fingers, scenting towards Foggy and Darius.“This is Amala.” He doesn’t usually introduce her to strangers, but it only seemed fair. He waits, tense, for Foggy to ask if she is blind, or why she isn’t a bat. Foggy just sucks in a breath. “Oh man, is that where, you know, the chemicals?” Matt can hear him gesture, but he knows what Foggy means. The splash of white fur across Amala’s back, discolored no matter what form she had taken, even before she settled. Matt doesn’t even have a chance to reply before Foggy sucks in a sudden breath.“Sorry, am I not supposed to mention it?”“No, its fine.” Matt almost laughs, it’s so fine. Not even a question about who, what Amala is. No expectation that she should be anything other than herself. “I hate it when people dance around the subject.”“Oh yeah, of course. You’re just a guy. A really, really good looking guy.” Matt can hear Foggy’s heartbeat pick up and he falters, an awkward silence falling between them. He opens his mouth, but doesn’t have anything to say and closes it again. Between them. Darius croaks, the sound echoing. Amala chitters nervously and skitters back up his arm, ducking her head under his ear. Stick’s words seem to stretch between them. No friends. No connections. Nothing but you and your daemon. He doesn’t know how to reply to Foggy.“With, you know, a totally awesome daemon,” Foggy adds, clearly trying to rally, and Matt feels struck dumb. He knows that Amala is amazing- Amala is all the best parts of him, but no one ever seems to see it. They get so caught up on everything that she isn’t.“I, ah-” Matt falters. His own heart is racing and he is so, so glad that Foggy can’t hear it. He can’t tell if his face is flushing, but he feels warm. “It must be great around girls!” Foggy says. It’s not a lie, but it feels like one. Matt doesn’t have a reply, so he agrees. That feels like a lie too. --He gets used to the easy way that Foggy fits into his life, to the smell of cheetos and coconut shampoo and the warm feel of Foggy’s arm under his fingers. He hasn’t touched anyone but Amala this much since his father died. He gets used to way Darius sings in the night, a low croaking croon that helps Foggy sleep. After awhile, it helps Matt sleep as well. He even gets used to the smell of damp, cool air that seems to cling to Darius, like a forest or the night after a rain.“He gets sick if he dries out,” Foggy explains, misting Darius with a spray bottle he keeps in his bag. A year in, Matt realizes that he keeps one too, just in case. Amala likes them, will curl up around Darius when Matt and Foggy are studying, or scamper back and forth around Darius while he flicks his tongue out, playfully trying to catch her. “I like them,” Amala whispers to Matt, curled up on his pillow. He can hear Darius saying something to Foggy and tries to shut it out. What a daemon says to their person is private. “I like them too,” he whispers back. More than like, he can’t bring himself to say. But Amala knows that.--Even in 2015, there are superstitions about a person’s daemon. People will judge you if your daemon is too big or too small or too loud. Even with all the evidence against her, the police wouldn’t have been so quick to prosecute Karen if her daemon wasn’t a cobra, curled tight around her arm and shoulder as she faces them in the interrogation room.
Matt can hear it, the smooth sound of scales on skin, the rasp of its tongue scenting the air, the wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Daemons

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

