Work Text:
“You are a symbol of peace.”  It is very hard to be a symbol when your clothes don’t fit. Loki hates the robes he’s forced to wear, that are too big for him and drag on the ground behind him, hates how his skin changes from the blue that he has always known to a fleshy pink that makes him feel weak. He was the same as the ice before. Now he is as removed from his homeland as he could possibly be. Not only is he sent away to Asgard, to live with the royal family there in a hope of keeping the peace between them but he is turned into one of them.  He has to dress like them, he has to hide his true form. Loki may not have been the most imposing of the frost giants, he might have been a weakling and a runt kept around for this very moment when his life would become useful but he still loved his home. Now he is nothing more than a symbol of peace. He is bowed and covered and bought before all of Asgard to show them that they have won and they have an Ice Prince as their spoil of war.  Loki is fourteen. Still a child by the standards of Asgard. He is received in an awed hush, even told he’s beautiful and then he is given away. He won’t belong to Odin but to the future king. He will be Thor’s to do with as he wishes. Loki as the symbol must always be seen to bow to the victor and Thor is that victor. Loki wishes his father had fought harder, that he had not been so willing to make Loki’s surrender a part of their peace. Loki will be plundered in a way their lands cannot be. He will give up his secrets, his spoils because everyone knows it is better this way. Loki must remain the symbol and everything done to him will be symbolic of what should have been done to the losing realm.  Loki will still have to suffer it, of course. There is no escape for him. He makes this journey on behalf of his people, on behalf of his father, to save them from the shame. Loki will take all of it for them. It was what he was kept alive to do. It is almost enough to make him feel powerful, knowing that he represents his whole world to the Asgardians. Loki tries to be what he is supposed to be, to be dutiful but there was always a spark of disobedience in him that his father could not destroy; a little sliver of ice in his heart that does not go away amongst the feasting and the carousing that accompany his arrival.  Loki does not want to submit to Thor. He does not want to be punished for indiscretions that where not his own. He is a terrible symbol for peace because he intends to fight his captor tooth and nail until Thor would send him back and risk another war rather than keep him. Loki should be a symbol to his own people of how the fight is never truly finished and they can still win even if the odds are not in their favour.  He plans to rot Asgard from the inside out. They will regret the moment he ever set foot in their realm and he will prove to his father that Loki has always been more than simply his runt.  ** “Congratulations on your prize.” Fandral said, slapping him heartily on the back. Thor knew that his friend said the words in jest but he could not know just how pleased Thor was with his thrall. The moment his eyes had landed upon the little creature, his robes falling over his hands, draped in jewels, with his hair as dark as the night sky and his skin pale as the moon, Thor had been enchanted.  He had had mistresses and he had had palace boys but he had never had one like Loki. Thor was secretly glad that his father no longer possessed the inclination or the zeal needed to make the boy submit to him. Thor was more than eager to take his father’s place and ravish Loki as was needed. He could not wait to mark the pale skin in place of scorching the earth of Jotunheim, could not wait to plunder his sweet body in place of the gold and jewels they could not take from the kingdom.  Loki had been taken from the feasting hall long before the celebrations ended. He would be anointed, his body rubbed in oils, his body buffed of any roughness, if there was hair on his body it would be brushed and trimmed but Thor wondered if the boy was still too young for that to be too much of an issue. He would be bathed in perfume and dressed in hardly anything, just enough to leave Thor wishing for more. All though the feast Thor knew that the boy would be waiting in his bed and it was all he could do to eat and drink and not throw the table over and storm from the room, eager to take hold of his prize and start the peace process between them properly.  Now finally he was being escorted back to his rooms. His friends were in their cups, celebrating the victory but Thor had not drunk with the same gusto as them. He had wanted a clear head for what was waiting for him. He did not want drink to cause him to fail when he entered the room. He did not want the boy to think Thor was in any way deficient.  He reached his door and bid his friends good night, letting them and their noise leave because he didn’t want to open the door and fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Oral Sex
Sexual Slavery
Underage Character
Underage Sex
Frottage
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

