Chapter 1: Cold Potatoes
    




Chapter Text
It is the simplest equation he’s ever conquered in his life.
And let’s not lie, solving equations is a conquest for him.  Each problem is a battle that tests his mettle – some more than others – driving him to work and create the way that war challenges a warrior.  It tests his limits, which, of course, he has none, because every time they’re tested he pushes them further and further.  If they exist, they’re made of elastic, and tend to bend whenever he puts his mind to it.
Simple equation.  Right.  Back to that.  He’s sitting in his office at some early hour of tomorrow, because anyone who stays up all night knows tomorrow never begins until your head hits the pillow… if it hits the pillow.  There’s a plate of food and an empty coffee cup by his elbow; the food is freezing cold and the fork was never moved.  Tony is staring the answer to the equation down, and it is staring right back like the proverbial abyss.
It has been… what?  Three, four months?  Since the Avengers Initiative first succeeded with flying colors and everything has changed.   They saved Manhattan – well, he saved Manhattan, but he’ll allow that the others had a hand in saving his life.  (Hulk, mostly, and oh did he want to say I told you so but he figured pissing Cap off in front of ‘the other guy’ might not be a good idea).  But back on point, everything’s changed, and it’s been bugging him ever since he first figured out everything had changed as to why the change occurred, because there can never be a change without a catalyst.  He should know that better than anyone.
Tony leans back in his desk chair, propping his feet up on the table next to cold meat loaf and potatoes, and he stares at the translucent screen which bares both the answer to his question and the irritation currently keeping him awake.  The answer’s simple, but he can’t start at the answer, no, he has to reevaluate the equation. Whatever people say about him and his ‘talk now, think later’ policy, when it comes to his work he thinks everything through three times three different ways and then sleeps on it for maybe twenty minutes before realizing he’d been right all along, of course, and plowing ahead.
The equation is, well, it’s theoretical, and Tony doesn’t usually deal with the theoretical, he likes solid math he can mold and touch.  But this time he’s working with imaginary things, with scenarios in his head.
There’s always been an ache in his chest where the Arc Reactor currently sits, even before Afghanistan.  It was what he now recognizes as emptiness, and even though the reactor saved his life it certainly didn’t fill the hole underneath, where his heart should be.  That callow darkness was both his shield and his worst nightmare, and it embodied him; his heartlessness, his lack of emotional attachment to anyone, least of all himself, which was so painful to endure that it often surged out of control and lashed out at others.  Of course the blame is on him, he’s a grown man who can control himself – or should – and it was his fault.  He just realizes how the math works when he factors in his own lack of responsibility with that previous empty state, in addition to the stress and pain of daily life.  Those things together resulted in the mad mess that was Tony Stark, only a few years ago.
Then Afghanistan happened.  He used to think of his life as two stages, before and after ‘The Cave’, but since the change he’s started thinking in three’s.  That’s beside the point; he’s jumping ahead, one step at a time, Stark.  Then Afghanistan happened and the imaginary wall built between him and reality shattered.  He had a long heart to heart with his own dickish-ness and realized there had to be some change.  Back then, he did the math and figured the odds were low of that happening, ever.  But low odds had never stopped him before so he tried, damn it he tried, if anyone can ever say anything of him, it’s that he tried.  Those two words ought to be his epitaph.
So there was Afghanistan and Obie and Pepper and ‘I am Iron Man’ and that whole year of madness that was his first year with the suit.  Obie.  For being a genius, he was an ass at guessing character. It should have been obvious, in retrospect, it was, but he’d wanted to believe so much.  Obie was one of his only close… something, one of his people, and to cut him out of his life was to cut Tony’s natural interactions with relatively-friendly individuals down by a third.  In the end, Obie had cut him down.  That still hurt, and he liked not thinking about it.  He used the couch he’d been sitting on when Obie stunned him as target practice.
Tony dubbed that year ‘the year of too many fucking surprises’, because that was when Fury and Vanko and Romanoff and his dad all appeared – or reappeared, as it were – in his life, and he was faced with dying, and then suddenly faced with living again.  Not just living, but living with Pepper, and Rhodey didn’t hate him (though he st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Hulk/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Hulk/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

