Chapter 1: Starting Small
    




Chapter Text
Bucky doesn’t notice it, is the thing.As a matter of fact, none of the usual suspects notice it. Normally after Bucky, it’s Wilson, and then Natalia. Those are the Big Three, and everyone on the team has a tendency to pay attention to everyone else, but everyone – Avenger or affiliate – watches Steve. He's their Captain, sure, but sometimes he's still stumbling through the century like a newborn calf.The thing is, none of the Big Three notice it. Of all people, it’s Tony.Bucky’s been free of HYDRA for about two years, and in the Tower for about six months, so they’ve all developed a routine. Like on Fridays, everyone available gathers in the media room to watch old movies. Tuesdays and Thursdays, Bruce does yoga in one of the gyms and anyone is welcome to join. Except Tony. Tony is never allowed to join yoga again. Today is Sunday, which means Wilson refuses to join Steve on his daily run – “It’s supposed to be Sabbath, Rogers!” – and is instead insisting on feeding everyone Sunday brunch. Which also means Bucky is his sous chef, because during his recovery he and Wilson would bake and talk. Everyone was the slightest bit more round and plushy by the end of that stint.So it’s still kind of early, Steve is out running, and The Avengers are trickling into the common kitchen wearing onesie’s and making delighted grabby hands for their designated cups of rocket fuel that Bucky set on the counter. This is their routine. Barton and Natalia drink coffee from mugs with puppies and kittens on them, respectively. Bruce sips tea from a giant mug with the word ‘NOPE’ on the side in big green letters. Tony is positively chugging his coffee from a mug with a picture of Bruce and Pepper superimposed on the side. Dr. Foster and Darcy slip in wearing oversized Thor t-shirts and gratefully accept their coffee in matching mugs that say ‘fuck off’ in elegant cursive.Really, The Avengers and Friends are all grumpy children in the morning.Well, except for Wilson, because Wilson has a mug that says ‘Den-Mother,’ and his other favorite mug, which simply has a chibi drawing of their entire fucked-up family on the side. And maybe Thor, but he’s been off world for a while and Bucky hasn’t met him yet, but from what he’s heard, the man is sunshine and badass incarnate.“Okay so now that I’m slightly more awake, Robocop, what’s up with Cap?” Tony’s tone is uncharacteristically caring and, well, affectionate.“Whaddya mean?” Bucky doesn’t look up from his task of mixing the truly criminal amount of pancake batter.“He’s been…off. He seemed kind of...distracted when he was in my workshop the other day. I don’t know, you live with him, has he been acting weird?” Tony shrugs but there is underlying worry still in his eyes.“I don’t know. We don’t spend a lot of time together,” Bucky frowns at everyone else’s frown. “What?” He stops mixing pancake batter in favor of crossing his arms over his chest.“Nothing. If there is something wrong, we’re all going to respect his decision to not talk about it if he doesn’t want to. Aren’t we?” Wilson turns around and plants his hands on his hips. The fact that he is wearing an apron with flowers all over it only makes him more intimidating. When he receives a collective nod he turns back to making the scrambled eggs.Steve bursts in ten minutes later, nearly dripping in sweat. Clearly, he went for a very long run.“Jesus, did you run all the way to Canada and then come back? How long have you been out?” Darcy is perched on the stool closest to the fridge, so when Steve goes to grab some water, Darcy opens her arms and gives him a quick peck on the cheek. Darcy had decided, when everyone finally settled in, that she was a hugger, and expected appropriate affection from everyone, and because Darcy is adorable and badass, no one argued. Even Natalia lets her cuddle up.“Uh. I’m not sure. I couldn’t go back to sleep so I just started my run early,” Steve’s voice, when not yelling over the din of destruction, is soft, like his words are just ghosts passing through. A recent development, now that Bucky is looking closely.“J, what time did Spangles leave this morning?” Tony doesn't look up from his phone, but it is clear that all of his attention is on Steve. As is everyone else’s.“Captain Rogers left the premises at three-twenty-four am, Sir,” JARVIS replies smoothly.“Steve, what the fuck. It’s damn near noon. You telling me you ran for almost nine hours straight?” Wilson doesn't turn around, but from the tense line of his shoulders, he is not very happy.“I took breaks,” Steve ducks his head while he slowly edges his way out of the kitchen.“You’re not staying for brunch?” comes Wilson’s indignant squawk.“I need a shower.” Steve shakes his head and then he's gone.Honestly, it wasn’t a strange interaction. Sometimes Steve goes for long runs and then immediately takes a shower and starts working on whatever he works on. The only difference was how much more attention every
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Recovered Memories
Tony Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Steve Feels
Steve Needs a Hug
Everything is Beautiful and Everything Hurts
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
The Author Regrets Everything
The Author Regrets Nothing
Steve is very sad because Bucky wants nothing to do with him
Bucky just wants to be able to stand on his own feet
so there's self discovery
and cuddles
Hand Feeding
but just understand
there's a lot of angst
self neglect
Tags Subject to Change
Rating subject to change
JARVIS is a good bro
Panic Attacks
Baking
Stucky - Freeform
Asexual Character
BAMF Natasha
Bucky Barnes & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Not That Kind of Fix-It
Non-Graphic Violence
Kidnapping
Psychological Torture
Dissociation
Bucky Barnes-centric
Hurt Steve Rogers
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Explicit Language
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
My babies do not fight each other
Passage of time
Christmas
New Years
brief mentions of possible triggers
Fireworks
Robots
Impromptu Love Confessions
Clintasha - Freeform
Thor Is Not Stupid
Darcy is a Saint
Pepper is Also a Saint
Feelsville
cursing
OC's - Freeform
Kissing
Boys Kissing
The queer therapist is my fave hoenstly
established relationships - Freeform
Fluff
disgusting fluff
gratuitous fluff
Indirect and direct mentions of depression
and suicidal idealogy
but it's very brief
weddings!!
thailand appreciation!!
Schmoop
fuck there's so much disgusting fluff
i'm gonna go into shock and i'm not even diabetic
TAG CHANGE
IT'S EXPLICIT NOW
Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Enthusiastic Consent
blackout orgasms
Dirty Talk
Coming Untouched
needy steve rogers!
Multiple Orgasms
sorta cock warming?
idk they just kinda lay there
in post coital bliss
AS THEY SHOULD AND DESERVE TO DO
agents of shield!
THE AUTHOR LOVES CLINTASHA
THW AUTHOR LOVES STUCKY
THE AUTHOR LOVES GENTLE POLYAMORY
THE AUTHOR LOVES PEPPER AND TONY A LOT
Complete
Not Happily Ever After
but everything after that
Lovely
soft
Fluffy
Comfort
Content
calm

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

