Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy was seven the first time she fell in love. Some people would probably call it an unconventional romance since the recipient of her affections was a stray dog that lived on her street, but Darcy had developed a fuck-the-haters mentality pretty early on. Her dad was severely allergic to pretty much everything with fur, so bringing him inside the house or even around the back into the yard was a strict no go. Darcy saw that as a challenge, not a deterrent.He was a purebred mutt with huge, dark chocolate brown eyes, a bent tail that had obviously been broken at least once, and masses of fur that curled like springs. She named him McScruff the Wonder Dog and loved him with all the loyalty and devotion that her young heart could muster."You're my dog now," she told him. It was raining out and they were hiding in the little ramshackle fort she'd built in the woods behind her house. McScruff smelled of wet dog and bad breath and possibly dead squirrel, but that didn't stop Darcy from taking his face between her hands and leaning in until their noses were touching. Her mom had always told her that eye contact was important when you were trying to make a point, so she did her very best to look him right in the eyes, even though it made hers cross a little bit. "And I will never, ever let anything bad happen to you."McScruff snuffled and gave her cheek a sloppy kiss, which meant he loved her too.Things were great until Darcy was nine and Tommy Jerkins moved in down the road. He was a year older than Darcy, and clever enough to be cruel without getting caught. It was a fluke that Darcy stumbled across him throwing rocks at McScruff at all. She'd screamed, her voice loud and shrill enough to bring her mom running from the house, but Tommy talked himself out of trouble and Darcy couldn't talk McScruff into the house. It was only a matter of time, really, because McScruff was the kindest, sweetest, gentlest dog in the world, but he was still Darcy's dog, and there was only so far you could push any part of Darcy before it started pushing back.The day after Tommy ran home crying with a bloody, bitten leg, animal control came to take McScruff from Darcy's fort while she was in school.She never even got a chance to say goodbye.The second time Darcy falls in love, she's twenty-five, hung over as all get out, and has a real chance of getting shot, which is actually more alarming than the giant green guy who's holding her hostage. Then there's the kissing and the falling and the nakedness, and somewhere in the whole mess of the thing, Darcy can't help but notice sweet brown eyes and soft, curly hair.It's McScruff all over again.
Darcy's contemplating the best way to convince the med team to put her into a medically induced coma until all of her everythings stop hurting when a quietly cleared throat makes her jump. That's just kind of one big ow all over, and she can't quite keep from wincing. When she slides her sunglasses far enough down her nose so that she can peer over them, there's Banner with a horrified look on his face. She blinks up at him while her glasses slip perilously low to the very tip of her nose, and Banner clears his throat again."Your wrist." His voice is almost meek, definitely a little on the strangled side, and Darcy is so used to dealing with scientists like Jane and Tony Stark that it takes a moment for her to get past his tone to what he actually said."Oh," she says and sits up a little straighter. There's a ring of bruises blossoming dark and ugly around her right wrist, just low enough to peek out from underneath the edge of her sleeve. "It's nothing. Plus, it's a nothing that's not your fault.""I grabbed you," he says, and yep. That's definitely the voice of a guy who's choking on his words. "I watched the surveillance videos and I saw the other guy grab your arm. I'm so sorry."Shit, this guy is really good at the whole puppy dog eyes thing, Darcy thinks. Also, that officially rules out any jokes that she might have made about the bruises that are starting to show up on her waist and the slight twinge in her ribs when she inhales too deeply, but the wrist thing really isn't Banner's fault, so she crosses her arms over her chest and glares at him. (Under the circumstances, it probably shouldn't be funny that he shrinks a little at her glare, but fuck it. She just made the freaking Hulk flinch. That's a little funny.) "Okay, this is me forbidding you to feel bad about things that you A) didn't do and B) maybe kind of accidentally did a tiny bit while you were having a temper tantrum that would put one of those toddlers in tiaras to shame. Not that I'm blaming you.""I'm so sorry," Banner tells her again, because he doesn't listen; technically he tells the potted plant slightly to her right since he can't quite seem to make himself look at her. Darcy's pretty certain he tracked her down to her desk. He usually spends all of his time either broing it up at Stark Tower wit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Background Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Background Thor/Jane Foster
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
Hulk/Darcy Lewis
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross (past relationship)

freeform: 
Get Together
Schmoop
Babbling
Gratuitous Food Mentions
Friends to Lovers
Cuddling & Snuggling
So Much Touching
Misunderstanding
Women Being Awesome
Hardcore Cuddling

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Background Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Background Thor/Jane Foster
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
Hulk/Darcy Lewis
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross (past relationship)

