Work Text:
Steve liked the serenity of chaos in Tony’s workshop.  It was always calm there, even when Tony was busy destroying something with a blowtorch or when he was blasting his music at volumes that would destroy the eardrums of lesser human beings. Tony projected a calm that was almost all encompassing when he was in his workshop; maybe this was because it was Tony’s place and Tony thought that nothing could go wrong there.  Well, Steve reflected, things could definitely go wrong in Tony’s workshop.  Steve had been witness to several explosions, fires and electrical surges that had almost had him running for the door with Tony slung over his shoulder; but those events aside, it was Steve’s favourite place to be now.  It felt strange to him that he hadn’t spent time with Tony like this before.  Tony felt like home somehow; Steve’s face felt a little warmer at that thought.  He was probably blushing, which was embarrassing but not completely awful.  Tony made him feel like he was home. It had been a long time since he had felt so safe and cared for.Steve looked up from his half-finished pencil sketch and let out a sigh of contentment, stretching his stiff muscles.  He had been down in the workshop with Tony for almost twelve hours now and even with breaks he felt exhausted.  Tony had kept powering on through the exhaustion, even when Steve had asked if he was ready to sleep for the fourth time; sleep was for the dead, Tony had joked, and Steve had let it drop, going back to his artwork, knowing that sleep would come at some point in the evening with or without him asking for it.  He had already fallen asleep at the desk once this evening, and he was pretty sure he had a pink line down the side of his chin still from when he had woken up again a few minutes later.Tony looked up from his metalwork a few feet away; his welding goggles were askew, pushing his messy black hair off of his sweaty forehead.  He looked tired, a little greasy and a lot hungry.  Tony’s eyes sparkled deviously as he slunk closer.  He hopped up to sit on the edge of the worktable Steve had claimed and had been drawing on; Tony grinned and pushed Steve’s sketchbook and pencils out of his way, taking their place, settling them against the box they were normally kept in.  Steve chuckled; Tony’s grin was contagious and he could feel his own lips curling to match the one on Tony’s lips, lips Steve loved.“Hey…” Tony said softly, slipping his legs over top of Steve’s thighs, bracketing him.  Steve reached up and snatched him off the table, lifting him under the armpits, pulling Tony down onto his lap.  Tony let out a little oomph as he landed; he grinned almost impossibly harder, wiggling his hips to bring him closer to Steve’s waist.  Tony’s legs dangled over the side of the stool and the sides of Steve’s legs, a few inches off the ground.  Tony pulled the goggles off of his head and tossed them backwards onto the floor, apparently finished with what he had been working on.  His work gloves quickly followed, vanishing behind table.“Hey you…” Steve said, kissing him slightly, letting his lips press against the scratchy bristles of Tony’s beard.  Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, his lithe fingers stroked the back of Steve’s neck, moving upwards; Tony liked playing with Steve’s hair and was always fascinated by the way touching the soft bristles on the back of Steve’s neck made Steve blush uncontrollably.  Tony nuzzled Steve’s cheek, eyelashes fluttering and brushing against Steve’s.“So… what are we sighing about?”  Tony asked.Steve shrugged, cradling Tony against his chest.  He breathed in Tony’s scent, a mixture of oil and overly sweet coffee.  Tony snuggled against him again, hands trailing back down from Steve’s neck to rest on the small of Steve’s back; he slipped his into the belt loop on the back of Steve’s jeans, tugging gently so that there was a breeze down the back of Steve’s pants.  Steve felt Tony smirk into his neck as his face flushed a deeper red.“Just happy, that’s all.”  Steve murmured.It hadn’t always been like this between them.  Steve hadn’t always been able to bring himself to reach out and hold Tony; even when it had been just them, alone together in Tony’s workshop or his bedroom, Steve had felt uncomfortable in his own skin.  He had constantly worried that someone was going to walk in on them and scream at them, which had been ridiculous because half the time they weren’t doing anything even remotely inappropriate; that, and they had been in the privacy of their own home.  It had taken Steve a long time to work up the courage to take Tony’s face in his hands and to kiss him; to make love to him like he always wanted to.  Steve had fought against his feelings tooth and nail, trying to claw the love he had for Tony out because he had been so afraid of the consequences of what it had all meant.  Back where he was from, back in time really, his feelings of love for Tony were something he could have been thrown in jail 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Depression
Homophobia
Established Relationship
Fear
Hysteria
Suicide Attempt
Acceptance
Coming Out
Dark Humor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

