Work Text:
It actually took a second time before Loki felt the shift. Day three of being locked, voluntarily, in Tony Stark's master suite with occasional naked jaunts to the patio for fresh air and to ensure the world wasn’t destroyed--or, in the god's case, hoping for some mischief.
He's on his knees and elbows for the second time that day--the second time ever--while Tony, in his arrogance, talked about rocking his world ("Asgard, babe--you know, looks like we already took care of Midgard, right?"), and he would have rolled his eyes if it didn't feel so unbelievably good.
It was in the middle of marveling at his own unexpected pleasure, being taken so wantonly, ridiculously, and, he'd admit, ecstatically by this insane, babbling human, that he felt what he could only term "the shift"--a crackling cold spreading through his abdomen, slushy rivulets of rushing wet that made him gasp. Gasp louder, anyway. He’d never felt quite like that before but …
The memory was unbidden.
No.

No.

He knew how the Jotunn reproduced--at least through boys' gossip and filthy talk, stories Thor's older friends told them just for shock value. The males could engender children as well as the females, depending on need. Depending on want. Going into a "heat" that was, laughingly but unsurprisingly, frigid. The need was obvious--the only one of his species on this planet of fools needed to repopulate. But apparently not entirely depending on want, because … well, how the hell would he want this?
The next thrust hit a particularly delectable angle, and he groaned.
Oh.

Gods.

Tony’s fists left the bed, bound around Loki's chest, and struggled to pull him upright, off his elbows. “Up, babe--up!” Loki pushed off, moving his hands to the headboard, spreading his knees further.
“God!” That was Tony.
“Yes.” It felt-- He arched his back. Belly even chillier, sparkling threads he wondered if Tony would feel. His focus, for the first time in days, was off his cock, completely centered on the middle of his body. It’s possible if he shoved the human off him now, he could prevent this--a nonmagical conception. It was even possible--probable? likely?--that this mortal male wouldn’t have compatible seed. The odds of his species being able to breed with humans must be infinitesimally--
At that moment, he heard--felt--Tony surge inside him, too hot for comfort but so, so good. And a moment later, for a split second, the cold in his center formed into a hard ball, shrinking, tightening, and then … gone. Mostly gone. If he concentrated, something felt different. Shifted.
He wondered if it had all been his imagination or some heretofore unknown biological anomaly, but then Tony grasped his slightly softened cock and made a superhuman effort to refocus Loki’s attention.
It worked.
***
He had known, mostly, from the moment of conception, but a voice in the back of his head whispered doubts. It was his first experience with Jotunn conception, his other children begotten by ... traditional Aesir methods or magic. No other frost giants available--he had no one to ask. No doctors who could examine him safely (either for his safety or for theirs, once they discovered his secret[s]). If he had been impregnated, he had no idea how long he’d wait for the birth, if the child would be healthy or horribly malformed from the crossbreeding with a human, and … how it would emerge. (At that, he shivered and reassured himself repeatedly, with blind faith, that he’d have the magic at his disposal.)
So it wasn’t until the creature--until the child--started squirming some months later that he sighed deeply and accepted his fate. He avoided Tony Stark and his allies--his own brother, of course, even more assiduously as his midsection thickened.
“Avoided” wasn’t entirely accurate--”avoided being seen,” perhaps, as he slipped by, undiscovered, to observe Tony’s activities, or simply to watch him move. Never close enough to alarm his brother, but he had to see. His own curiosity about the child--and the child’s father--couldn’t be dampened. He remembered the days in Tony’s home, in his bed, food magically appearing outside the door every five hours or so, wine bottles just as frequently if not more so. Tony’s quicksilver mind and filthy tongue were the most diverting things the god had discovered on this desolate world. Even in this awkward condition, his head swam and loins tightened remembering the days--and nights--that led to this.
Tony Stark, be damned.
***
“Brother.”
It was unexpected--and the worst sound he could have conjured at that moment. This once, he'd allowed himself to get too close. To them--to him.
Again: “Brother.”
How he could have let Thor slip up on him in this state, not have the time to cast … some spell, if he could think of one, to disappear, transform, mask his condition. Instead, Thor had approached him from the side, unseen, but well in eye-line of his swollen form.
Thor had heard the boys’ rumors as well. He couldn’t hide this--what this was. R
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
No Spoilers

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

