Chapter 1: Bruce/Tony
    




Chapter Text
Tony stared down at the name on the bottom of his foot. It was in a perfect scrawl, just legible enough for him to read, and it was as black as ink like all Words were. Soulmate words. The first words your Soulmate would ever say to you. And Tony had his on his foot. He hoped that didn't say anything about the relationship he may someday have. If he ever decided to seek out the man. And Tony knew it was a man too. Because, by some random stroke of luck, Tony's Words were his Soulmate's name.
Bruce Banner.
For a long time, Tony hadn't even cared about the name on his foot. It was just there, a constant reminder of not only society's expectations but what could be. But Tony, despite all his confidence and bravado, didn't think he needed a Soulmate. No, that was wrong. He didn't think he deserved one. He knew how messed up he was. The whole world knew how messed up he was. Hell, God himself knew how messed up he was and Tony didn't even believe in him. He drank too much, slept around despite the fact he knew what his Soulmate's name was, did reckless stupid things for the sake of being reckless and stupid. He wasn't fit to be someone's Soulmate. Besides, he didn't really believe in them. His parents had been Soulmates and look how that had ended up. No, Tony definitely didn't think he deserved a Soulmate and he was certain as hell he wouldn't know how to have one anyways if he did ever meet the man.
Of course, that didn't stop him from looking him up anyways.
It turned out, there were exactly eight Bruce Banners in the whole world. Tony was, admittedly, a little shocked by the low number but at the same time he was sort of relieved. It meant it'd be easier to find out which one was his Soulmate. He had Jarvis run searches for any and all available pictures of the eight before anything else, to see if they had any visible Words. He quickly ruled out four of them, their Words were all visible which didn't match up at all. Soulmates always had their Words in the same places. He eliminated another one simply by looking at them. The kid was five. Even the universe understood age gaps so that one was out. Which left three Bruce Banners. Three men that could be his Soulmate.
One of them was a teacher in Idaho. Nice man as far as anyone knew but further look into the man revealed he had a major gambling problem and was dating a con artist of a woman who had divorced her Soulmate (a rarity in this world, though considering her hobbies it wasn't that surprising). Tony didn't much like the sound of him but, really, who was he to judge? The next one was a married man in Delaware but many people got married without meeting their Soulmates, thinking they'll never actually meet them (people are wrong in thinking this, the Words are spoken eventually, everyone meets their Soulmate, but some people just never notice because their words are common or they never get the chance to get to know the person). Tony liked this one a little more. He was a good man who helped his community but he seemed happy with his wife and, if he turned out to be Tony's Soulmate, Tony would never break up an actually happy marriage.
Then there was the last man and, despite the fact that Tony knew he'd avoid his Soulmate at all costs when he figured out exactly which one he was, he severely hoped that this man was him. Because not only was this Bruce a genius but he was also noted (on the internet of course) to have a subtle dry humor that Tony just knew he'd love. He was a nuclear physicist too, definitely someone Tony could talk to. Tony immediately started digging into his past, wanting to know everything about the man even if he turned out to not be his Soulmate because seriously it would be amazing to work with this guy. But the second he saw the type of life this Bruce had lived he knew he could never meet the man. This Bruce's life had been awful. Worse than his own. And there was no way Tony was going to mess up this man's life anymore by adding him to the mix.
So Tony decided to avoid all of them, even going so far as to avoid the states they were in as much as possible. He even moved to California to avoid the last Bruce who lived in Ohio. If some nights he stared at their pictures (the last always getting the longest stare)…well, that was no one's business but his own.
***
Bruce stared down at the name on the bottom of his foot. It was in a scrawl but it was a fancy sort of scrawl, cursive with a long flourish at the end. It was slanted too, like he who wrote it was in a hurry. Bruce traced it with his finger, a frown on his face. He didn't know why he continued to look at the thing. At the name on his foot. At his Words. It wouldn't matter anyways. He was never going to meet him. And, even if he did, he was pretty sure the relationship wouldn't end well. The placement of the Words said everything.
No, Bruce had absolutely no desire to meet Tony Stark.
Why would he? He knew he and his Soulmate woul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Bruce Banner
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Peter Quill/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Feelings of Inadequacy
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Lots of people are Soulmates
Female Clint
Female Clint Barton
Clint Barton Feels
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs Hugs
Non-Canon Relationship
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Why is Natasha's last name spelt so many different ways?
IronHawk - Freeform
Science Boyfriends
What is Thor and Tony's Ship name?
And Clint and Natasha's
And basically all the uncommon ones
FrostIron - Freeform
Hulkeye - Freeform
Platonic Soulmates
Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Clintasha - Freeform
Iron Widow - Freeform
That's what I'm calling Tony and Natasha's ship
Tony Feels
Female Tony Stark
Female Tony
I hate tags
winterhawk - Freeform
I have seen controversy over this name
Grief
graveyard scene
starthord
thorquill
winteriron

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Bruce Banner
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Peter Quill/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

