Chapter 1: Liquid Courage
    




Chapter Text
You had always had a thing for the god of Thunder, Thor.  Since the second your eyes met the day he walked into the Avengers tower. You were Pepper Potts’ secretary and you also worked with the Avengers. The god was always so kind so kind to you and became a good friend of yours, like the others they all treated you like part of the group. Tonight you were out with your old college friends. You looked beautiful with your hair down in loose curls, a nice tank top, with some leather skinny jeans and heels. You were a happy girl until some jerk started hitting on you at the bar. ‘If only this was Thor’ you thought as you rolled your eyes and looked away. The douche grabbed you by the wrist and you threw a drink in his face, you were to drunk to care so you got out of there.  You went home to Stark tower and stumbled over your feet. It was 9:30 pm and you thought everyone was either out or asleep. You came to the door of a certain god and knocked softly. To drunk to stand straight you leaned your head on the door and once it opened you fell right onto the naked chest of the Thor.  “Lady (Name) what are you doing here?” the god asked lifting you by your shoulders to look into your (e/c) eyes. His piercing blue ones made your face flush. “I’m here to talk to you mister,” you slurred “I need to tell you how I feel now that I have some liquid courage in me” you continued as you walked in and started take off your shoes. Thor closed the door and followed, to make sure you didn’t fall face first on the hardwood floor. Thor scooped you up and sat you on the bed, “My lady how much have you had to drink tonight?” he asked as you giggle and take of your jacket. You open your arms and take his face and pull it towards you successfully locking lips with him. He is quite shocked but closes his eyes and holds you close and you kiss like there is no tomorrow. “I have wanted to do that for a long time now.” You say once you pull away. “Me too” Thor says with a faint blush dusting his cheeks.
You get up and take of your shirt as you say to Thor, “I’m going to take a shower. Care to join me?”
Thor’s eyes seem to pop out of his head as he eagerly nods.You both strip of your clothes and got into the nice warm shower. You put on shampoo and Thor stands back to watch and the soap slides down your perfect curves. You felt Thor’s eyes on your backside and quickly turned with a smirk on your face. “Like what you see?” you said moving closer to the god. “I like it a lot my darling.” He said as he pulled you to him by the waist, his sea blue eyes never leaving yours. He was making you feel as though you could stay that way forever.
His hands roamed your smooth skin as your lips connected with his. “Thor…please…take me”, you said between kisses. “Are you certain you want to do this… now?” he asked as he broke the kiss. “Yes, Thor I am fully awake and I know that this is what I want.” You said with all the sincerity you could muster in a situation like this. Thor’s lips found yours again and trailed down to your neck. You moaned as he found your sweet spot. Thor smirked against your skin and sucked on that spot even more making you moved your head back to allow more access. “Thor” you moaned out as he went down your body planting kissed and love bites down your torso. He was on his knees as he looked up at you with a lusty grin. His mouth found that small bundle of nerves above your entrance and licked it as you groaned from pleasure. You were so aroused your hands went to his long, blonde hair pushing his bearded face more to your womanhood. Thor licked at your entrance as he entered one finger and pumped it in and out.  Thor’s movements were pushing you closer and closer to your climax. “Wait… please… Thor I was you Now.” You said between moans, as he didn’t stop his movements. “As you wish my lady” Thor said standing back up and pushing you to the wall. He swiftly lifted you up his hand on your thighs as your legs wrapped around his.
“Have you ever done this before” he asks as his thick erection pokes your entrance. “Yes” you, moan at the feeling.
Thor doesn’t wait a moment before ramming into you hard, and fast. He stills himself as he wait for you to adjust to his large size. He is bigger than anyone you have ever been with. You tilt your head up to lock your lips with Thor’s in a sloppy, wet kiss. Thor takes this as a sign to go ahead and pulls out and thrusts in slowly. The feeling is amazing and you moan out his names. He does this several more times before you feel the knot in your stomach tighten. “Harder” you groan as you bite his neck to make a point.  Thor groans at this and pushes in you hard making you see stars. He rocks his hips against you at a strong, hard rhythm making you clench him. “You are so tight, I love it” he says as he goes deeper and harder in you. Finally you feel your end coming. ‘Wait not yet’ you thought to yourself but the feeling of Thor’s thrusts made your 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Pietro Maximoff/Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Oral Sex
Morning Sex
Shower Sex
Anniversary
Hair Kink
Lab Sex
Marvel Universe
Birthday Party
Loss of Virginity
Fluff and Smut
cuteness
Lemons
Light Dom/sub
Heel Kink

fandom: 
Thor/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Bruce Banner/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Pietro Maximoff/Reader

