Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve sighs and looks again at his empty inbox. He refreshes the page, just in case. Nothing. He wakes his phone and looks at it. No messages, no calls, nothing. Then, just to really freak himself out, he checks his bank account.He exits it quickly, swallowing the wave of nausea that rises in his stomach. He’s got rent due in two weeks and that will completely clean him out. He hasn’t gotten any commissions, his freelance profile has been silent, and he hasn’t heard a thing about any applications he’s sent out in the past three weeks.He breathes deep, trying to calm himself down. Something will work out as long as he gets to work. That’s what his mother used to always say. Instinctively, he glances at the picture of her he keeps on his desk, the one of them at Coney Island, the last time they went together before the cancer left her too weak to go anywhere outside their block.“I’m trying to work but I can’t find anything,” he mumbles to her under his breath. Her bright, happy face offers no advice. Steve taps his fingers against his computer, thinking. He could call that temp agency again. He makes a face, but he really doesn’t have many other options.Just as he’s about to unlock his phone, it pings at him, and he perks up. He slumps a little when he sees it’s Sam—not that there’s anything wrong with Sam, of course, but Sam doesn’t have money to offer Steve.Except it turns out he does. He sent Steve a picture of an ad on the VA bulletin board—short term janitor position, immediate need, at least a month of work. Steve groans out loud. He’ll take it, of course, but he’ll hate every second of it. And the cleaning solutions will probably make his lungs ache and his eyes burn. If he’s really lucky he’ll break out in a rash, too.
Sign me up, he texts back. Sam isn’t exactly the boss of the VA, but he runs his own group sessions, so Steve knows this means he’s got the job. And he’s grateful. He is. He just wishes he didn’t have to take this kind of stuff.

Steve doesn’t have anything against janitors, of course, but he’d much rather Sam send him ads for people wanting portraits painted of them. Steve should have been born in the Renaissance. Except for the whole asthmatic-with-bad-eye-sight-and-a-heart-murmur-and-deaf-in-one-ear-and-immunodeficient part.

Steve points a finger at his mother’s picture. “I know, I know. Be grateful for the opportunity. I am. But jeez, Ma, how often am I gonna have to clean up other people’s shit in this world?”

He jumps at the knock on his bedroom door and whirls around to see one of his roommates, Clint, standing in the doorway. “Were you talking to me?” He asks. “I could hear your voice.” Clint lost 80% of his hearing from an IED in Afghanistan and only wears his hearing aids about half the time, but that 20% left means he always manages to catch Steve being embarrassing.

Steve shakes his head, a little sheepish. Just talking out loud, he signs. Clint’s good at reading lips, but it’s a frustratingly inaccurate method of communication and doesn’t make sense to do that when Steve is perfectly fluent in sign.

Clint laughs at him, of course, because Clint’s a human disaster but he still feels lofty enough to laugh at Steve for talking to himself. Steve rolls his eyes.

“There’s pizza if you want it,” Clint tells him, already turning around and effectively ignoring any response Steve might have. Steve considers it for a minute, but the stomach issues from the cheese wouldn’t be worth it.

As he’s eating rice for the third consecutive night in a row, Steve messes around on a few job boards. Just because he’s grateful for the opportunity Sam’s gotten him doesn’t mean he needs to get complacent. Besides, the janitor gig is only part time, and temporary to boot.

Natasha waltzes in while he’s eating and pats him on the head the way she knows he hates. She’s just about the only person shorter than he is, but that doesn’t stop her from treating him like he’s small.

“No luck on the job search?” She asks.

“Sam found me a short-term thing,” he tells her, trying to sound bright. She raises an eyebrow that tells him he missed the mark a little.

“What is it?”

“Janitorial,” he says gamely.

Natasha narrows her eyes for a second, and he can imagine her sweeping through her mental checklist of his health problems. “Well, at least it’s something,” she says.

“Exactly.”

“I could always get you a desk job with Stark, you know,” she offers, her tone indicating she already knows what he’s going to say.

“Thanks, but no,” he says predictably. Natasha works for Tony Stark, one of the richest men in the world, but Steve refuses to work for anyone who used to manufacture weapons and still isn’t completely transparent about spending. There’s that whole R&D department Stark doesn’t release specifics on, and Steve thinks it’s likely they’re still developing weapons. He’d rather take 100 temporary janitoria
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Marriage of Convenience
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Mutual Pining
Fluff and Angst
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Past Character Death
Past Torture
Chronic Illness
Fake Marriage
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

