Work Text:
The fifth time Matt collapses at Foggy's door, Foggy sighs, says, "Damnit, Matt!" and goes to get the first aid kit.It sounds bad without the context, which is that the first three times Foggy flat-out panicked.  There might have been some tender-yet-manly tears, especially the second time, which involved so much blood.  Most of it turned out not to be Matt's, but still, it was enough to put the fear of God into Foggy.  (He mentioned that part to Matt afterwards, when Matt woke up, and Matt just grinned and said "Congratulations, you're now an honorary Catholic.  Next level: guilt.")The fourth time Matt was faking it, the bastard.  Well, not the falling-over part, which was entirely real because he'd managed to cut through his boots by smashing not one, not two, but apparently five fucking windows and getting glass shards basically everywhere in his feet.  But the unconsciousness part was entirely Matt messing with Foggy, which Foggy didn't appreciate even a little bit.So Foggy made Matt provide him with a comprehensive flow chart of what kinds of unconsciousness would require immediately medical attention and what kinds were probably okay."You're not going to need this," Matt said as Foggy drew an arrow between bubbles labeled "Blue lips and fingernails" and "Take to ER."  "Claire said she was coming back into town soon, and once she's back, I can get her to stitch me up.""That's what you've been saying for that past month," Foggy said, and put the finishing touches on the arrow.  "Okay.  Now, 'copiously-bleeding head wound.'  ER or not?"Matt sighed, and Foggy signed himself up the next day for a volunteer EMT training class.But today is the fifth time, which is about a week later, and Matt has once again collapsed at Foggy's door.  This time, though, he's still awake, and he has a giant fucking chunk of wood sticking out of his leg."Hey, Foggy," Matt says.  "Got a Band-Aid?"So Foggy sighs, says, "Dammit, Matt!" and goes to get the first aid kit.Because apparently this is his life now. He gets very good at stitches."When did Claire say she was going to be back again?" Foggy asks, carefully knotting the suture.  He's working on a cut most of the way down Matt's back, just far enough up that it technically still counts as back but far enough down that if this were an ad for jeans there'd be complaints from parents.  Hell, Foggy was Matt's roommate for years and Matt's beaten, scuffed, and wearing sweatpants, and Foggy almost wants to file the indecency complaint himself.  Matt has noticeable dimples at the small of his back, because that's how ripped he is, even when he's draped over the armrest of his own couch (because they do sometimes get to do this as Matt's place instead of Foggy's, moreso now since Foggy pointed out that Matt would be way less bothered by bloodstains all over his apartment than Foggy).  Matt drapes very nicely.Foggy needs to stop thinking this way before Matt can feel his heartbeat raise or whatever."Soon," Matt says, his voice indistinct and muffled since he's basically talking into the backrest of the couch.  "Getting tired of stitching me up?""No, this is my favorite part of the day," Foggy says."I'd do it for you, you know.  If you never needed it.""Thanks for the offer, but I think I'd go to the hospital, where they give you drugs and have sterile conditions and legal incentives against malpractice.""I know what I'm doing.""Right.  You just take a sec to contemplate what you just said, and I'm going to keep picking these shards of glass out of your feet, mmkay?"Matt's back straight-up ripples as he sighs.  "Claire'll be back soon," he repeats."Yeah," Foggy says, snipping off the suture.  "Not soon enough." Claire does come back, and Foggy plies Matt with some bullshit about multiple lines of communication to get her number.  Then he invites her out for coffee and bitching about Matt "goddamn Daredevil" Murdock.And Claire, now that Foggy isn't doing some grade-A, unrefined shitflipping, is amazing, even though it turns out that Matt's been creatively editorializing his version of events."Completely unconscious in the dumpster," Claire confirms, sipping on her latte.  They're at the busiest Starbucks Foggy could find, crammed in one corner between a table of NYU theater students running a scene and a group of high schoolers trying to decide on the theme for this year's prom.  Basically, he managed to find the perfect place where they'd be the least dramatic and conspicuous, and he's damn proud: he staked out the table for an hour before it opened up and he swooped in."Of course he was," Foggy says, leaning his forehead against the rim of his giant sweetened coffee.  "You know, I don't even know what that means in terms of badness.""Well, it's not great," Claire says.  "If he'd had internal bleeding it would've been a different story - ""Jesus," Foggy says, and scrubs his face with one hand.Claire frowns at him.  "How long have you known him again?""Since freshman year of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Matt's Terrible Coping Mechanisms
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Drunkenness
Addressing the Boner Issue
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

