Work Text:
Bruce kept a little tally, in his head, of people he thought should meet the Hulk. He shouldn't, he knew. It was terrible, and wrong, and it came from a part of him that he shouldn't accept. Not the part that became the Hulk. That was instinct, rage, pain, fear. That was something ... everyone had, even if most people usually didn't turn into literal giant green manifestations of those instincts. Those things were a part of everyone. Things to be controlled, yes, but not necessarily rejected (as much as, oh, he'd wanted to. So many times. He'd wanted so badly to carve them out of himself, throw them aside. But he couldn't, and he knew that, and now, maybe, for the first time ... maybe also accepted it, a little).The list came from somewhere else. Somewhere darker, and colder, and wholly premeditated. Somewhere that was also a part of many people. A place inside them where they stored things more deadly than rage. Things like hate. His list, at least, was fairly short. And it was not ... It was never acted on. He had that much control, at least. More. He would never be that thing. He refused it. He couldn't help his monster, not ever as much as he would like, but he could stop it from being used. He could stop it from being a weapon. He could do that much.But there were some times, some secret times, when he wanted the Hulk to be his weapon. Not to preserve himself, but to ... avenge. To show someone else what it was like, to be afraid. To bow down. There were times when he wished the Hulk was more than instinct, when he wished it was a thing he could command. A thing he could point, and trust that there would be no collateral damage.It wasn't, so he didn't. So he never would. But he wished. He did wish.And, perhaps strangely, those wishes only increased, around Tony. Or not so strangely. Those wishes flared and strengthened around the other man. Not at Tony. Not ever against him. But ... for him. More often than Bruce would have believed, before he came to know the man.Tony ... did not fear him. More than a simple defiance of fear, more than simply a mask across it. Tony didn't fear him. Maybe because Tony knew something about the id, about instinct, and rage, and fear, and the weapons they could become. Maybe because Tony had seen something in Bruce that he recognised, some exposed nerve that sang over Tony's own skin. Maybe because the Hulk had apparently saved Tony's life. Maybe because Tony, for whatever strange reasons that made sense only to him, seemed to trust Bruce. He didn't really know, found it at best baffling, at worst worrying. But it was a thing he treasured. Something that ... made things bearable, sometimes. Made this new life, this awareness of who and what he was, this knowledge that at least one of his pursuers had never lost him, and could come for him at any moment ... made that easier. A little. Enough. Just the thought that, no matter what, there was one person who grinned, casually and without artifice, when he approached. It was something he hadn't had, since Betty. Something he hadn't dared hope for, since he'd been forced to run from her. And, until it was safe to return to her, until he was no longer pursued, until he was not a weapon or a catastrophe waiting to happen ... Something he had not believed was possible.So, perhaps not so strange, then. That, somewhere in the dark and secret places in his head, his heart, he should have placed Tony beside his list, and counted him just cause for it. That he should have looked at Tony, at those who hurt Tony, and quietly considered them worthy of the Hulk.He would not. In some cases, he could not. But the wish was there. In the dark and secret times. The wishes were there.The first time he understood that, it had been an accident. Something he would never had intended, something Tony would never have shown him, without provocation. Something, possibly, he should not have pulled from Tony, but ... He had needed to understand.No. He had needed to leave, to run. Tony had needed him to understand. And once he had ... Bruce had needed it, too.He'd wandered out of his room, somewhere in the dead of night, on his way to the (nearest) kitchen. Stark Tower was ... under construction, mostly. The livable areas were somewhat haphazard, yet. And living in close quarters with Tony Stark, however initially temporarily, had proven to be ... an interesting experience, to say the least. Nothing he couldn't handle, of course. He'd lived in much worse places, in much worse conditions. And his other option had been 30,000 feet up, which made ... many things bearable, by comparison. But living with Tony, he'd found, genuinely wasn't that difficult, provided you accepted certain things. Like the fact that Tony, despite his reputation, didn't really seem to know what to do with someone else in his space. Aside from his robots, his AI, Pepper, and someone called Rhodey, Tony didn't seem to ... have anyone. Not really. Not someone he would expect t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Violence
Attempted Murder
Protectiveness
PTSD
Fear
Dark

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

