Chapter 1: Introduction
    


Summary:

We get a small glance of (Y/N)'s personal life and motivations.



Notes:
Hey guys welcome to my story, I hope you enjoy it! Please feel free to comment and let me now how you feel about it Kudos are always welcomed as well.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Introduction (Y/N) packed her clothes humming to her favorite Pandora station looking over at her other luggage trying to remember if she packed everything before she zipped up her last bag for her newest adventure. Four days ago she graduated high school so as a break from extreme academics she is going to travel around Europe for a year. Unfortunately her best friend (Y/BF/N) couldn't go with the ecstatic graduate to Russia because she was driving with her boyfriend to Florida to get to the university of Miami for his football program. But they will be meeting up in Poland and traveling the rest of the year together to check off their really really long bucket list. (Y/N) is really excited for this trip as this is something she always wanted to do. Growing up she lived in a boarding school in Maine because her father (Y/Father’s/N) is the American ambassador of Norway and wasn't in the country to take care of her. So she and her stepmother would fly there whenever she had a school break. She was always very close with her father; even more so when she lost her mother at the tender age of five years old. But at age thirteen her father remarried a woman named Regina Growmen. Ever since Regina came into their lives she has been splitting them apart. She was the one who insisted on sending the young girl to boarding school saying that was an obligation she could not keep, because she had to travel for work. (Y/N) still isn't sure what her job is; the only time she acts like a wife to Mr.(Y/L/N) was when she was instigating something and trying to control their lives. As the years went on they stopped talking to each other more and more. But finally after years of saving and turning eighteen this will be the first step to taking her life and doing what she pleased with it. Zipping up her last bag and putting it with the rest, she heard her phone ring. Answering it without checking she was greeted with her father's voice. “Hello?” “(Y/N), dear its dad. How are you?” sighing quietly as she walks into her kitchen she replies. “Fine, as a matter of fact I just got done packing my last bag for the trip…” she was cut of by her father’s sigh. She can picture him now sitting in his office a glass of bourbon sitting on his left, he most likely took off his glasses to rub the bridge of his nose. “Honey about the trip… I talked to Regina…” Here it comes. Every time he says that something horrible comes out his mouth. “And she believes that you shouldn't go on this trip.” The (Y/E/C) girl tried not to sound angry. “Why not either one of you are not paying for it and I’m an adult now.” “Well yes honey but you don’t have much money for this and you will need our money later on, we’re just worried for your well being.”  “Worried about my well being? My well being? The only time either of you are worried about my well being is when Regina thinks that I will spend YOUR money. Or when Regina thinks I’m gonna embarrass her in front of someone. The last time you worried about my well being was when I was twelve!” She ran her hand through her (Y/H/C) hair, she couldn't stop herself from spilling these things out. “(Y/N) that is highly inappropriate to say! Your step-mother cares deeply for you!” Laughing humorlessly feelings that were held back for so long became words. “I haven’t felt a mother’s love since Regina made you fire Nelly. I’m going on this trip whether you want me to or not.” “(Y/N)!” Hanging up she placed her phone on the counter and got herself a glass of water trying to calm her burning anger from taking over more than it already has. “This trip is gonna be amazing.” Checking the clock on her stove she decided it was time to start dinner; so because she didn't feel like cooking she heated up some leftovers from the other night. After she ate she did the dishes and changed into her pj's going to sleep. --------- The next morning-------Cutting off hee alarm (Y/N) got out of bed and into the shower. She was so tired but also so excited for today. As she would be taking the first step to taking over her life, she already felt as though she lost the most important person of her life years ago. Dressing in a grey v-neck t-shirt, a comfortable pair of black skinny jeans, some grey sandals. She didn't want to spend so much time going through security so she just put on something simple. Checking her purse to make sure she had everything as she did her final check and grabbed a bagel on her way out the door. Where a cab was waiting to take her to the airport. A man got out of the car putting her luggage in as she got into the back.The closer she got the more her phone would li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Dark
Evil Bucky Barnes
Forced Orgasm
Forced Relationship
Forced Pregnancy
Rape/Non-con Elements
Gang Rape
Violence
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Heavy BDSM
Reader-Insert
Drug-Induced Sex
Stockholm Syndrome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

