Work Text:



 Clint is swirling the last few dregs of coffee in his mug when the commotion starts, the clanging of tools and Steve shouting for Bucky’s help. He tosses the rest of his almost cold coffee back before making his way to the garage, hands in his coveralls pockets, to check what’s happening. Steve is helping someone roll a car inside, a nice, recent Camaro, 2010 if Clint was to guess. Both Steve and their newest customer straighten up after pulling the car in, and Clint recognizes the man immediately, his eyebrows rising. TV makes Tony Stark look taller than he actually is, or maybe it’s just Steve’s impressive frame looming over Stark's.“Broke down a block or so away, and I don’t have my tools, so if you don’t mind...” Stark grabs a wrench lying around on a tray, and Clint smirks, because Steve? Steve will mind.“We can take care of it, sir,” Steve says, his voice deceptively soft as he takes the wrench from Stark’s hand gently but firmly. To his credit, Stark doesn’t look that surprised, but he pulls back a fraction, looking at Steve in a whole new way. Clint grins at Bucky when he comes to stand next to him, touching their shoulders together and already hiding chuckles behind the back of his hand. “This is going to be interesting,” Bucky drawls out of the corner of his mouth."Do I look like I need your help?" Steve stares Stark down, arms crossed over his impressive chest, t-shirt stretched tight over all the muscles working with machinery 24/7 put there. "This is my garage; I don't care what you look like, if you want your car fixed here you can leave it to us."Stark looks him up (and up) and down, eyes lingering in places Clint knows for a fact eyes tend to stick to, the first time people meet Steve. "It's nothing personal," Stark says dismissively, reaching for the wrench again. "I fix my own breakdowns."Steve holds it out of his reach, jaw setting in that way that Clint knows means trouble. "My shop, my rules. I won't risk you messing up the job and then leaving me to deal with it."Stark takes a step back, looking astonished. "Don't you know who I am?" he says, not in the way that rich assholes normally do, but genuinely surprised. Steve's eyebrows furrow and he narrows his eyes."O-kay," Bucky says, straightening from his comfortable slouch against Clint's shoulder and striding forward. "I hate to break up the party, Barton and I were gonna place some bets in a minute, but in the interest of still having a place to work when this is over -- Stark, calm down. Rogers here doesn't watch much TV, or read the Society pages. Steve, you can stop glowering at genius boy. Steve Rogers, Tony Stark."Steve lets his arm drop from where he's been protecting the sanctity of his wrench, eyebrows lifting. "Stark, as in--"Too bad Stark seems to be about as patient in real life as he appears in those interviews of him online. "Yeah, as in. Now will you let me have the damn wrench so I can fix my car? I'm running late for a meeting as it is." He pauses, looks at his watch. "Well," he amends, "later than usual. Coulson and Pepper will have my hide for breakfast."After that, Clint settles back to watch, an insistent wish for popcorn in the back of his mind as Stark neatly and methodically strips the car's engine apart and puts it back together in the space of fifteen minutes. Clint is mesmerised, he's man enough to admit it -- watching Stark work is an education, the man's got it down to an art form. There's something hypnotising in the sparse precision of his movements, something beautiful. The rest of the guys seem just as speechless as Clint feels -- even Natasha has crawled out from under the Chevy she's been fixing and is sitting there, sipping at her bottle of water and eyeing Stark's technique with professional detachment. "Turn the key for me, will you?" Stark directs distractedly; since Steve is still staring, Bucky slides in the front seat and obliges. The engine purrs like a kitten."Good work," Steve says grudgingly over the sound. Stark turns around and grins at him, a long streak of grease over his cheek above that ridiculous goatee. "I know," he says, smug and cocky and supremely unconcerned with Steve's opinion. Clint can see Steve's expression shift back to unimpressed.Clint doesn’t know what Stark’s angle is here; maybe he wants to impress Steve, or maybe he just doesn’t care, but either way, it isn’t going to work. Steve is stubborn; he can be terribly belligerent when his buttons are pushed, and Stark appears to be taking a lot of pleasure in trying to get at said buttons as fast as possible. Clint just can’t decide why. Maybe he is as much of a dick as his public persona makes him look (Clint reads a lot of gossip magazines while he's waiting for clients to show up), but that would probably be too easy an explanation for someone like Tony Stark. Bucky gets in between Steve and Stark again, leading Stark away as Steve turns around and starts throwing tools back in his toolbox, shoulders tense.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts
Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
one-sided Peggy/Steve
Car Porn
Big Bang Challenge
Tattoos
(brief
non-graphic) mentions of past child abuse/neglect
deals with the break-up of a long-term relationship (no infidelity)
backseat shenanigans

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts
Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter

