Work Text:
It took a week for Bruce to ask to see Tony’s arc reactor.  Not that Bruce wasn’t curious. He was, as much as he admitted his emotions to himself, incredibly curious. It wasn’t every day that the chance to learn about, let alone examine, a device that took absolutely everything science knew about harnessing and using energy and turned it on its ear. Bruce would be completely and utterly lying if he’d said that he hadn’t been interested in doing a deep dive into what made the arc reactor tick.What stopped him was that the arc reactor was attached to Tony. Not that Bruce had a problem with Tony. He suspected he might be one of the very few who didn’t have a problem with Tony, which put Bruce on a short list with Tony’s body guard, JARVIS, and Pepper when she had patience enough to be especially forgiving.No, Tony was fine. Talking to Tony about science was fine. It just felt a little bit strange to combine the two and ask to see the incredible scientific innovation that happened to reside inside of Tony’s chest.Sure there were other arc reactors to look at – the ones powering the suits, for example. But Bruce had just enough of a medical background to have an itch that could only be scratched by finding out how Tony had taken the device and merged it with his own body.So Bruce asked. Finally. After a week of working and staying with Tony at Stark Tower. Bruce figured a week meant that either they were comfortable enough around each other that the question wouldn’t seem intrusive, or that any discomfort would be a sign that Bruce had overstayed his welcome and it was time for him to leave.Of course Bruce hadn’t considered a third option, which was that Tony’s standards for what was and wasn’t appropriate bore little resemblance to those of, say, anyone else on the planet.In hindsight Bruce had to admit that should’ve been more obvious to him."Sure," Tony said, in response to Bruce’s question. And though it hadn’t been this direct – Bruce couldn’t even think of being that direct – Tony immediately pulled off his shirt and tank top and hopped up on Bruce’s lab table.Bruce stared at Tony’s bare chest. He’d asked if Tony would mind maybe someday giving him an overview of the reactor. He hadn’t intended it to be now, honestly.  He also hadn’t intended it to be a request for Tony to get shirtless. Then again it was Tony. There were probably a lot of things that he interpreted as a request to get shirtless."So…" Tony said, drawing the word out into what Bruce realized had been a long silence. "Am I explaining anything or did you want to stand and stare?""Explain." Bruce covered up the awkward pause by looking for his glasses. They turned out to be next to Tony’s left thigh. Bruce hoped that was because Tony had been nice enough not to deliberately sit on them. "Sorry. Just – whatever you’re comfortable with. I’m not trying to pry. It’s only –""Science. I know. I get it." Tony grinned at him, waggling his eyebrows at the word ‘science’ in the same way he might have at the word ‘strippers.’ Not that he’d ever said the word strippers around Bruce, but Bruce felt safe with the conjecture all the same."Right, so, I told you the beginning. Kidnapped, explosions, shrapnel near the ticker, blah, blah." Tony waved all of that off as though it were boring. "Woke up with the first electromagnet in my chest. That one was powered by a car battery."Bruce tried to imagine what that must’ve looked like. There would’ve been wires. Bruce could pool his knowledge together to come up with where he would’ve attached the wires to Tony to provide the power needed to keep the shrapnel from reaching Tony’s heart. There was nothing about it which sounded appealing. "Fun.""Oh yeah. Two thumbs up. You should see the review I wrote for TripAdvisor." Tony mimed the two thumbs up part and then kept talking. "The guy who set me up with that was Dr. Yinsen. I’m telling you, you would’ve loved this guy, Bruce. Medical knowledge, engineering, freaking genius. The two of you would’ve been drinking buddies in like five minutes flat. Probably less.""I’ve read some of his papers," Bruce said, after taking a moment to confirm that the bell rung by Yinsen’s name hadn’t been because he’d heard Tony mention him before.Something flickered in Tony’s eyes. "Of course you have."Bruce couldn’t tell if that had been a compliment or an insult or some strange combination of the two. He figured the safest bet was to ignore it. "He helped you with the first reactor?""That and the suit," Tony confirmed. "I took the concept of the arc reactor which powered Stark Industries and figured out how to miniaturize it to power the electromagnet keeping me alive and the first version of the Iron Man suit. Yinsen helped me out with all of it."Bruce knew that the death of the man he’d shared captivity with was a tender spot for Tony. He gave careful consideration to his words before he said, "You created the first Iron Man suit and a miniaturized arc reactor in a cave in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

