Work Text:
So. There was a building on him. Well, most of a building. That was ... not as unusual as Tony would have liked, really. That was not something you should consider a normal part of your daily routine, was what he was saying.Of course, he was Iron Man. And an Avenger. And one of exactly three of them that could probably survive having most of a building landing on him, and they'd needed Thor to do the whole shock-and-awe thing, and no-one was suggesting that the Hulk go hold up a collapsing building for as long as possible, because while he probably would have, if something had knocked him out at the wrong moment, or he transformed back ... Also, collapsing buildings on top of the Hulk didn't tend to end well. For much of anyone. So.Still. It was not his favourite part of the gig, was his point. Lying buried in a pressurised tin can waiting for the world to stop falling was ... not the part of the job you advertised on career day. If the Avengers ever did career days. And no, he was not going to suggest it."Hey, JARVIS? You with me, buddy?" He should be, there hadn't been anything in the building's construction to block a signal, but ..."Always, sir," came the soft reply, and Tony let himself slump a little in relief. Not that he was ever, ever going to admit it, but the thought that he might be trapped down here alone for however long to took to get the building off him was ... not pleasant. "I would advise staying very still, sir."Tony paused. JARVIS didn't usually state the obvious. Well, not without sarcasm, anyway. "Huh?""Master Banner is coming for you," JARVIS informed him. Delicately."And ... by 'Master Banner', you mean ...?""The Hulk, sir."Ah. Well, that was ... slightly unexpected. He wasn't sure if it was comforting, or really, really alarming. The Hulk was not known for his ... cautious and careful tendencies, when doing things like pulling a building off you.He was usually pushing the building onto you, for a start."Um. Why?" he asked, slowly. Feeling a little behind the curve, for once. "I mean, don't we usually go the old-fashioned route for excavations?" You know, with cranes and dig parties and stuff. As opposed to having the big green guy jump right in."Yes, sir," JARVIS agreed. With that particular tone that meant he thought someone, most probably Tony, had been very, very stupid about something. "Apparently, no-one thought to inform Master Banner of the part of the plan that involved dropping a building onto you." The 'because it was the stupid part of the plan' went unsaid. Mostly. "He is ... somewhat irate about it, sir."Oh. Right. Because that was exactly what his day needed added to it. An irate Hulk."The others?" he asked. Hopefully, but not exactly optimistically.The blandness in JARVIS' tone was withering. "They are perforce staying well back from the excavation site, sir. To avoid being accidentally crushed. Or possibly to avoid explaining to the Hulk why they dropped a building on you. Sir."Tony winced. Okay, okay, so it hadn't been the smartest move he'd ever made. And he probably shouldn't have ... wheedled the Cap into agreeing to it, mostly by virtue of being already in the building when he'd suggested it, and also pointing out that the bad guy was getting away, and what was Cap going to do? Pick a corner and hold the thing up himself? Besides. If they tipped it just right - structural engineering, always a handy field to browse once in a while - they could cut off his escape, and handily smash his power source, all in one go, and wouldn't that make life easier for everyone?Well, except for Tony, but four storeys' worth of concrete was totally doable, especially when he knew right where to place himself to avoid the brunt of it. All it really should have meant was a few hours waiting for the diggers to arrive, that was all. Except for the part where dropping a building on yourself without warning apparently really annoyed the Hulk. And, also, his AI, who seemed to be absolutely on Bruce's side, right now.And if both the Hulk and JARVIS were in agreement ... Right. Stupid move. Got it. Staying still now."One more suggestion, sir?" JARVIS said. Apparently taking Tony's silence for apology-slash-agreement, because this one was much less snippy."Hit me," Tony said, and yeah, that was apologetic. He could absolutely apologise, if he needed to."... I would advise you to dial up the external speakers, sir," JARVIS replied, after a second. Much more gently. Huh. Okay. Apology accepted. "And start talking. It will both give him somewhere to home onto, and also let him know when to start being more careful."Right. Okay. That, we can do. Dialing up ... now. "Hello, ladies and gentlemen, this is Radio Iron Man, with your host, Tony Stark. Tonight's topic of discussion: The Structural Underpinnings of Building Collapse."What? He never said he was going to be gracious about it.And as it turned out, the one advantage of excavation via Hulk was that what would take a normal dig cr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Team - Relationship

freeform: 
Team Dynamics
Rescue
Humor
Tony focus

fandom: 
Team - Relationship

