Work Text:
****Tony had been happy to get Bruce to not run away for more than a week. After that the man seemed attached to the work he was doing in the labs and appeared to start unfurling from his protective postures. Watching the small feed that showed him Bruce’s lab, Tony smiled when Bruce yawned. Tony flicked his fingers to make the wireframe of the next suit fly away. Now would be a good time. Too tired to escape, too tired to get really upset. Tony nodded to himself as he stood up.“JARVIS, be on ready to call Pepper if Bruce starts smashing things.”“Sir, do you think antagonizing Dr. Banner to be the best course of action?”“It isn’t antagonizing, JARVIS. I’m trying to help.” Tony blinked as he stepped into his elevator. Help? What the hell was he thinking? Bruce wasn’t going to want help from him. Tony sighed and stepped out onto Bruce’s floor.“Indeed, sir.” JARVIS sounded even more bland than normal.Tony frowned for a moment before stepping into Bruce’s lab. “Hey.”Bruce looked up from his screens. “Hi, Tony.” He blinked and rubbed his fingers across the bridge of his nose. “What pointy thing are you going to poke me with this time?”Tony smiled grimly. “Nothing pointy. Look, I know you don’t like talking about yourself.” He stepped forward and snagged a stool to twirl on. He swung his legs back and forth and smiled as Bruce tried to hide his own smile. “It isn’t bad to be all quiet, but I really need to know something. Well, not need, I want to know...Nevermind. Look...”“What do you want to know?” Bruce took his glasses off and polished them with the hem of his shirt.“I, ah.” Tony spread his hands, palms towards Bruce. “I wanted to know why you thought a bullet would kill you if the fall from a helicopter into the pavement of Harlem wasn’t enough damage to even slow you down.”“Him.” Bruce settled his glasses back on his face. “The other guy, not me.”“Bullshit.”Bruce stared at him. “What?”“Oh, that is utter bullshit.” Tony slipped off the stool and moved to stand across Bruce’s table from him. “You can say you are separate all you want, but we both know that it is you. More instinct and bellowing, but still you.”Shaking his head, Bruce started to back away.Tony leaned forward. “You saved me from falling. Thing is, he’d not met me. You had. He hadn’t. He didn’t have a damn reason to catch me.”Bruce took a shuddery breath. “I did.”“Yes.” Tony moved back to the stool and settled onto. “I think you don’t remember everything you do while green because the structure of your brain changes too. The memories would get stored differently, or don’t go to long term memory correctly after the change back.” Tony shrugged. “Still thinking on that part.”“I didn’t think it would kill me.”Tony cocked his head. “Yeah? Then why shoot yourself in the head?”“I hoped.” Bruce fiddled with the holographic screen between them. “I didn’t think it would, but I hoped.”“Ah.” Tony rubbed his hand over his hair. “Look, I don’t think you need to worry so much now. I have plenty of room here and I don’t want...”Bruce smiled, the smile that Tony liked because Bruce meant it. “I’m not going to shoot myself, Tony. I like being here.”“You look...” Tony twiddled his fingers towards Bruce as he frowned. “And I don’t want you thinking that you’re going to be thrown in a cage at any moment.”“I can though.” Bruce shrugged as he moved the screen from between them. “The instant I become more of a liability than an asset I’ll be in a cage.”“I consider you more than an asset, Banner.” Tony scratched his beard. “I’ve been...betrayed by friends before, so I’m not calling you that.” Tony flapped his hand as Bruce started to say something. “I’d like to think I have enough money and there’s that legion of lawyers I, well, Pepper can sic on anyone that even so much as tries to make you do anything you don’t want to do.”“Tony...”“I mean, you have every right to have a normal life when you aren’t helping save the world.”“Tony!”Tony blinked as he snapped his mouth closed. Bruce reached across the table and set his hand on Tony’s forearm. “Friends, Tony. I call us friends. And I have no idea why that word bothers you, but then I was in remote places for years, so when you are ready I’d like you to tell me.” Bruce pulled back. “If you want.”Tony covered the reactor in his chest. “Yeah.” He swallowed. “Yeah, okay.” Tony started backing up towards the door. “You can come into my workshop when you get bored.” Tony grinned at Bruce. “Thanks.”****Bruce stared after Tony for several minutes. He pulled his screens back up and made sure everything was at a stopping point. “Um, JARVIS?”“Yes, sir?”“Can you tell me what happened to Tony’s reactor that’s made him nervous about having friends?”There was a moment of silence and then Bruce’s screen flared to life. It showed a still picture of Tony sprawled on his couch with a burn mark in his shirt, his reactor missing from his chest.“This was done by a person Mr. Stark called his friend.”Bruce glanced up at the inflection
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Suicide Attempt (past)
Hurt/Comfort
Friendship
sleeping
Spoilers
Post-Movie(s)

fandom: 
None
