Work Text:
6.
"I need…" Tony chokes. "Listen, I need you to do me a favor." "Don't I already do enough favors for you, Tony?" Bruce says in his stupid, calm, melodic voice. It's true: taking residency in Stark Tower was a favor, working Stark's R&D was technically a favor, and not letting Banner's big green sidekick go around smashing things will always be a favor, truthfully.  "What are you asking me for, this time?" "Come with me…" Tony groans. His hands well into Bruce's hair, fingers winding into loose curls. Bruce looks up from his work. "Tony, you know I can't," he interrupts. "Won't," he corrects, "why you won't. And you didn't let me finish. Come with me to that Gala at Goodwood." "You mean that thing you couldn't stop talking about before in England?" Banner asks. "Does it matter?" Tony's voice cracks a bit on the question. It's okay, he's nervous and naked and maybe a bit sprawled out on Bruce's bed. Bruce, meanwhile, isn't even the least bit undone. Tony kinda hates him for it. "Fuck, you're wearing so many clothes." Bruce is still wearing those thrift-store slacks, a gauze linen shirt from Calcutta that Tony can't persuade him to throw out. It's scratchy against the back of Tony's legs, the gather of fabric welling up in the hollows of his knees as they've draped across Bruce's shoulders. Bruce's mouth was tracing a line up the crease of Tony's hip, before they started down this path. The hand with lube-wet fingers that has been teasing for what feels like forever is just barely breaching, now, stretching but making no move to fill. And right now, Tony is frustrated, because he wants so much and Bruce won't give him anything, pillar of self-control he is. "I am?" Bruce looks up, like he's simply miscalculated but can't bother to retrace his steps. "You don't think it's a bit out of place for you to be asking me on a date right now?""It's not a date, it's a thing!" "You ever ask Pepper out to 'things' like this?" Bruce leans forward, his fingers sink in deeper and Tony's thighs stretch further and there's the heat of burn all over. "It's a festival of speed! Pepper hated going fast," Tony groans. "I promise you don't have to do anything but look nice, be charming and drink champagne. It's not rocket science.""And if the big guy wants to come out for 'not rocket science?'" That's always Bruce's answer for everything fun. Spoilsport. "I'm sure everybody would be really grateful for the exercise," Tony says, although it's a bit of a challenge to be appropriately flippant when you're the one on the verge of begging. The self effacing chuckle that falls from Bruce's mouth lands right on the head of his cock and it's probably a bad thing with how Tony sorta crumbles at the feeling, "C'mon, don't tease." "You started it," Bruce replies doggedly. "I'll go if you promise me you won't run off with the prettiest woman you find there. Or car. Don't run off with the prettiest car you find there either." "You really don't trust me, do you?" Tony asks. "I'll have you know that I am the paragon of monogamy. We entered a social contract, when you and I decided to see this through." "Is that so?" Bruce asks. And then there's tongue- prodding, curious tongue cataloguing every place where Tony's sensitive. It's so easy to quiet down and arch up, enjoying how the guy stretches every movement out to its logical end. Bruce's fingers slide in deeper, so desperately close to that sweet-spot that Tony rarely ever gets action in nowadays, and it's almost like he wants to totally destroy Tony while staying collected. "You wanna try telling me about this 'social contract?'" "Later," he nods. And that soft, gentle smile slides into a gorgeous smirk as he plants his forehead against Tony's stomach, slides the head of Tony's cock into his mouth, moaning at the taste and the weight. There's a shift, and then that mouth is descending, falling, taking as much of Tony as it can. And the fingers in his ass are sliding in deeper and deeper, carefully avoiding the place where Tony wants that steady weighted touch the most. It's a waiting game, then. How long before Tony really begs, before he can't take it anymore, before he has to fight, jerk his hips down. How long for Tony to take what he wants himself and steal the wave of orgasm. "Goddamnit, Banner. Let me come," he snarls and then there's a hand loose around his throat with its thumb grabbing ruthless hold of Tony's jaw, fingers pressing up against his prostate, the head of his cock stroking the back of Bruce's throat and all he can do is give in to the sensation. For the fact that he's fucking a man who's afraid his rage monster will stop him from  ever enjoying coitus, Tony's orgasms have gotten far more intense in the past few weeks than he ever considered possible. After it's done, Bruce's ministrations retreat from every angle, all at once. He sits back on his heels, watching as Tony heaves for air in the afterglow. "You look like you want to spoon," Bruce jokes. "I usually 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
World Travel
Press and Tabloids
Community: avengerkink
Breathplay
Tantric Sex
Rough Sex
Suit Porn
Cars

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

