Work Text:
“Oh, hi! You’re early. Come in. Should I take your coat? I mean like to hang it up, obviously, not to steal it. Or you could hang it up instead, that’s cool too. Either one’s cool, everything’s cool. It’s cool outside too, did you know? What a coincidence. But you know that, duh, because you have a coat. I have a coat too, although it’s not as nice as yours, and—“ “First time?” Matt cuts in casually, and the man exhales shakily. His heartbeat’s racing. “Yeah. How’d you know?” Matt very carefully does not laugh, and instead keeps his smile warm and friendly. “Lucky guess.” He says sweetly. “Don’t worry, we’ll have you relaxed in no time.” He adds the proper amount of a purr to his voice. To Matt’s surprise though, the man doesn’t immediately reply with some sort of horrendously cheesy innuendo. “Thanks.” He sighs instead, and he sounds genuinely relieved. “So, coat? Oh, that sounded pushy, sorry. You can totally keep your coat on if you want. I just wanted you to be comfortable.” Matt widens his smile. “Such a gentleman.” He says, a little coy, and goes to slip off his coat. Slow, smooth roll of the shoulders, all in one graceful movement. He can’t quite tell if it has the desired effect, because the man’s heartbeat has been racing since Matt walked in the door. Nervous, but Matt can’t tell anything else. Usually there are other cues, mostly verbal ones when it comes to this sort of thing, but all Matt can get from him is that he's nervous. “So, what do I get to call you?”  “Oh, I’m Foggy.” The man says quickly, taking Matt’s coat and hanging it up. “It’s great to meet you.” “Foggy.” Matt repeats dutifully, drawing out the name. “That’s an interesting choice. Not the sort that most people pick for this sort of thing.” “Yeah, I suppose you probably get a lot of Johns.” Foggy agrees, and then chokes. “Oh my god, I’m so sorry. I meant Johns like the name, not like… oh, god.” Matt laughs, and he forgets to make it a coquettish giggle. Actually, he thinks he might snort a little, which probably undid all the progress the coat-striptease did. H “It’s fine.” He assures Foggy. “I actually do get a lot of Johns. Foggy’s a new one, though. Refreshing.” He gets himself back on track and drawls the word in a low voice. Foggy laughs, moving further into the motel room. Matt trails after him. “Most people tell me it’s weird, but I like refreshing better.” He agrees, and Matt pauses, blinking. “Foggy’s your real name?” No one uses real names for this sort of thing—they’re too paranoid and embarrassed. And Matt had been pretty damn sure that ‘Foggy’ could not be anyone’s real name. “Uh-huh. Well, Franklin is, but everyone calls me Foggy.” The man says brightly, like it’s totally normal to be handing out your name to escorts you’ve never met before. At least he didn’t say his last name—that would be inexcusably naïve. “Foggy Nelson.” Well. Alright then. “Lovely to meet you, Foggy.” Matt murmurs breathily. “I’m Matt.” …The hell? Matt stares into space for a moment, horrified. He hadn’t meant to say that. He’d meant to say something plain but still believable, to give Foggy the illusion of familiarity. Steve, or Tony, or maybe Bruce. Not Matt. Apparently Foggy’s honesty is contagious. “Matt. Awesome—you look like a Matt. Not a Matthew though.” Foggy says, sounding thoughtful. “Definitely a Matt.” “Thank you.” Matt tells him warmly, although he’s honestly not sure if that’s a compliment or not. Foggy seems to mean it in a nice way, although Matt has no idea what his logic is. “So, Foggy. What are we planning on doing tonight?” Foggy has paid for an hour, which isn’t that much time at all. Matt can probably keep him flirting and eager for maybe one half, and then he can play shy and timid for the other one. Foggy hasn’t sprung for the ‘deluxe package’, so Matt won't have to do more than a little bit of coy kissing. Easy money. “Talking, if that’s okay.” Foggy asks nervously, and Matt makes sure not to roll his eyes. ‘Talking’. Like he hasn’t heard that one before. He gives Foggy ten minutes before he makes a move. “Oh, do you want a cookie?” ...Is that a euphemism? “Cookie?” He repeats, bemused, and Foggy makes an excited sound. “Yeah, I made chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin. I was going to make gingersnaps too, but I didn’t have the time.” He says cheerfully. “You interested?” Matt tries not to give away that he is now 90% sure that Foggy is 100% insane. Instead he pastes a vaguely apologetic smile on his face. “I’m sorry, I ate before I got here. It’s such a sweet gesture though, thank you.” There, simple and clean. Unfortunately, Matt’s stomach chooses that moment to growl rather loudly. He really should have grabbed dinner before coming. Damn it. He smiles sheepishly. “Actually, I’m not supposed to eat any food or drink that one of my friends has prepared. I might react badly to one of the ingredients. Allergies, you know.” Foggy hums in agreement. “Gotcha. Roofies, right?” He translates bluntly, and Matt winces. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Fluff and Angst
Entirely Consensual Sex
And Happy Ending
if that helps

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

