Work Text:
Natasha doesn't have many friends. What she has are allies or assets, people she's worked with, people she's fought with, people she's saved.Some people might find that a lonely existence, but they have no idea what true loneliness is, no clue about having to always live under the watchful eye of trainers and handlers, enemies and masters, where any wrong move, any trust betrayed, could mean death, or worse.In order to protect the few friends she has--especially the rare civilians in that rarefied group--Natasha tries not to have a routine, tries not to be predictable. After so many years, that is her routine. Most people aren't good at being random; without conscious thought they'll develop habits, schedules, routines--taking the same route to work every day, doing their grocery shopping on Thursday nights on the way home, always using the middle stall in the ladies room.Natasha develops as few habits as she can get away with, and the ones that have remained have saved her life--and the lives of others--countless times. The bar is in Williamsburg. Natasha doesn't visit often. Rosa understands. She knows a little of what Natasha is from their days in Havana. Natasha helped her defect. The ninety miles from Cuba to Florida had seemed endless when there was nothing but ocean beneath them and the threat of angry men with guns from behind. Rosa had saved Natasha as much as Natasha had saved her, and that balance had made Natasha more comfortable with continuing the relationship later on, once Rosa was settled in her new life.Now, they play dominoes and drink tea in the back room of the bar; Rosa's husband and sons work out front, and Natasha wishes she could forget how many years it's been when she sees them, tall and strong, bussing tables and behind the bar.There's a stir when the door opens and closes and someone new walks in. It's a neighborhood bar, not one usually frequented by anyone other than the regulars who've been coming for years, and if the sudden hum of conversation weren't enough to ping Natasha's radar, Javier rushes into the room, his words stumbling out of his mouth half-English and half-Spanish and almost too fast to understand."Ay dios mio," Rosa says, giving Natasha a sly look. "You didn't say you were bringing a friend."She and Steve are not friends but Natasha doesn't let her irritation show. The game of dominoes is a loss, as is the sense of peace and anonymity this place lends her. She takes a deep breath and gives Rosa a small smile. "Come on. I'll introduce you."He's sitting at the bar, looking ridiculously large and blond and out of place. Hector is pouring him a glass of top shelf tequila while Jose looks on encouragingly."It's for sipping, not shooting," Natasha says when Steve raises the glass to his mouth.He jerks in surprise and only his quick reflexes save him from wearing the tequila instead of drinking it."You're a little out of your neighborhood," he says, putting the glass down and surreptitiously wiping his hand on his trouser leg as he stands to greet her. Natasha lets her smile widen, genuine now, in spite of herself, because there really is something endearing about him. "I could say the same for you."He gives her a shy grin. "Not really.""Rosa Torregrosa, I'd like to introduce you to Steve Rogers." Natasha makes a small flourish with her hand, and Rosa beams up at Steve. "Steve, this is my friend," she emphasizes the word just a little, "Rosa.""It's an honor," Rosa says, holding out her hand.Steve shakes it, and smiles through any awkwardness. "Ma'am, the honor is mine." Natasha raises an eyebrow and he says, "Meeting a friend of Natasha's, I mean." It would be smarmy if he weren't so sincere.Rosa beams. "Likewise."Natasha bites back a sigh. She should leave. Instead, she finds herself grabbing another glass and the bottle of tequila from Hector and leading Steve to a booth in the back corner. "This doesn't seem like your usual kind of place," she says, pouring herself a drink and clinking the glass against his before she takes a sip."Really?" He takes a sip of his own drink and licks his lips afterwards. "This was a bar in 1942, you know." He gives a soft laugh. "It figures that'd be the thing that doesn't change." He takes another sip of tequila and looks around. She follows his gaze, takes in her surroundings as if she hasn't been here half a dozen times over the years. There are framed black and white photos of famous Cubans on the walls, a couple of autographed snapshots of ballplayers--El Duque, Livan Hernandez, Rey Ordoñez, Cookie Rojas. A yellowing newspaper poster of the 2009 World Series Champions is taped to the wall above their booth."And the Yankees winning the series every other year. That hasn't changed either," he says, curling his lip at the poster. He doesn't sound like he's talking to her this time. If he is, he's barking up the wrong tree. Natasha doesn't care about baseball."So nostalgia brought you here?" She tries not to sound judgment
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

