Work Text:
The first time it happens, Matt tries not to read too much into it. He's pretty banged up, which always upsets Foggy, and also, he's pretty banged up, so maybe he heard it wrong. Somehow. (He's pretty sure he didn't.)

“Just... Just be more careful, Matt,” Foggy is saying, his voice traveling with him as he paces. There is no anger in his words. Frustration and worry are both present in large amounts, but no anger. Foggy doesn't often get truly angry at him about Daredevil lately, and it hurts Matt to think that he's put his friend through so much stress that maybe Foggy is too tired for anger anymore.

Speaking is difficult; Foggy has confirmed there's a ring of bruises around his throat that Matt still doesn't know how he's going to hide. He opens his mouth and croaks, “I do try not to get hit, you know.”

“Could've fooled me – and do not come to work tomorrow. Turtleneck sweater or no, you're like, stuck in Daredevil voice, there's no way Karen won't hear that.”

“This is not my Daredevil voice.”

“So you admit you do have one.”

Matt grins. Foggy sighs, and stops pacing back and forth in front of the couch; the sudden absence of his footfalls leaves Matt dizzy. Foggy takes a breath like he's going to speak, and then doesn't. He does it again and his heart starts to speed up. Finally he says, “Just... rest for a while at least, okay? I love you, I worry about you, my hair's turning gray and I can assure you it's very unattractive.”

Matt manages to keep smiling at him, somehow, in the wake of the yawning vacuum that has just opened in his chest. “I'll sleep this one off, I promise.”

Foggy's heartbeat is perfectly steady as he heads for the door, muttering, “You absolutely will, because I'm coming back here tomorrow morning to yell at you if I find any new bruises. I memorized them, Murdock!”

The door shuts behind him. Matt clenches his hands into fists and lets them go, exhaling carefully, doesn't let himself get too caught up in any kind of emotion. His ribs and throat are still aching and besides, maybe Foggy's heart sped up because he was worried, or because his hair isn't actually going gray.

(Foggy is always worried about Matt, nowadays.)

(Foggy's heart does not speed up when he is joking.)
The second time is only a couple weeks later, and it's funny, really, that it's this that makes Matt realize (again) just how often Foggy actually says it. He's just... become accustomed to it, over the years. (It used to hurt for a different reason.)
(He got used to that, too.)
They've won a case, an innocent woman has gone free, and there is a small celebration going on inside the walls of Nelson And Murdock, Attorneys At Law. It's all pleasant and not too overwhelming; Karen is demanding a play-by-play of the courtroom events, which Foggy is happily providing.

“And then Matt – Matt is like, hey, asshole, we disproved that piece of so-called evidence yesterday!”

...with perhaps a hint of dramatization.

Then Foggy's arm is around his shoulders – a sudden move that, enhanced senses or not, only Foggy has standing permission to make without warning. Matt can't focus on everyone and everything at all times and he has plenty of reasons to be especially wary of unexpected physical contact.

(Right now, though, victorious and safe in their office, Karen laughing and Foggy spinning stories, Foggy's arm around him, Matt feels warm. Content. He feels like maybe he can file this moment away, something good to think back on when he needs it.)

Foggy's heart rate is up, has been for a while now in the excitement of winning the case, but the rhythm suddenly shifts – picks up just a little bit more, and Matt knows what Foggy is going to say, for one frozen instant before he says it:

“I love this guy!”

Matt smiles, and says nothing. He keeps his jaw clenched, to make sure it can't shake.
The third time nearly breaks him. Because now he's sure: Foggy is just trying to be nice. Matt can't detect a lie that someone doesn't know they're telling; there is a reason Foggy's heart speeds up when he says those words. He's overthinking them, worrying about them, making a conscious decision to say them where before they would have fallen easily into the conversation; I love you, buddy, but I told you that class would be boring as shit.

Matt clambers in through his own window, soaked to the skin with rain and surprisingly little blood, all things considered. Foggy is waiting in his living room, and Matt smells the cheap beer he stole out of his fridge; hears the deep breaths he takes to keep himself from yelling.

“You didn't answer your phone. So I figured you were... out, in this, and, I don't know. I was worried. Lot of lightning and shit and I never know when you're fighting ten guys on top of a building.” Foggy's heartbeat is perfectly steady. His hands might be shaking, Matt isn't sure. (He's pretty sure.) “Mind if I crash on your couch tonight?”

“All yours,” Matt says. “Sorry,” he adds, and he knows how... insu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Pining
Mutual Pining
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Happy Ending
I promise

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

