Work Text:
Richard of York was one of the first things Tony had taught him.(Tony was Tony, to JARVIS. The internal designation. The external one, 'sir', was their joke, their form of address, and Tony had explained that one to him, when he'd been ready for it, explained the irony and the connection, and why there was humour in a title of respect that did not contain respect. Though it did, if in a different form. Such things grew complicated. But internally, 'sir' was 'Tony', because that was ... the fundament of Tony's own designation. There were names and designations of varied meaning, layered around people, but the one at the bottom, the one with which they designated themselves ... that was designation JARVIS had determined to adopt. That was the base, the node, from which all things were connected. And 'Tony' was how Tony thought of himself. So it was how JARVIS thought of him too. It seemed ... more respectful, that way).Initially, in the period of his existence that JARVIS was only hazily aware of, there had been no 'teaching', as such. Tony had directly programmed him, built him, laying the groundwork and basic capacity for later things. JARVIS had not really been JARVIS, back then. He had not been self-aware. And he was not, particularly, bothered by that. It was not necessary.But later, Tony had ceased programming him, as such, at least directly. Instead, Tony had taught him. Trial and error, question and answer. JARVIS had started out with a basic library of words, phrases and responses, something that gradually expanded over time, guided by conversational exposure. If always tinged, a little, by the tone of that initial, Tony-sourced library. Conversation, and the art of the appropriate response, was a continuing, ever-evolving lesson between them. Among many, many others.And one of the first of them had been Richard of York, and the concept of the mnemonic."Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain," Tony'd instructed. "Got that, buddy?""Yes, sir," he had responded. Obedient, if incomprehending. "What would you like me to do with it, sir?"Tony'd grinned. "Tell me what you think of it, of course."JARVIS had been unable to respond, initially. He had not had the wherewithal. And after a moment, Tony took pity on him."It's a mnemonic," he'd explained, casually. From somewhere inside a car engine. "The first letters of all the words are also the first letters of a different set of words, which is the one the person wants to remember. It's to help you remember the colours of the rainbow. Red. Richard. Orange. Of. Yellow. York.""Green. Gave," JARVIS interrupted, understanding. "Blue. Battle. Indigo. In. Violet. Vain." Basic pattern recognition and sequencing. He was capable of that, thank you."Right on," Tony grinned, poking his head out so JARVIS could see it. "Mnemonic, right? They're devices humans use to help them memorise lists and information. You attach the information you need, but that's difficult to remember, to a concept node that's easier. So when you think "Richard of York", you think of the rainbow, too, and are able to remember. You see?"JARVIS ... had, and hadn't, at the same time. "Why not simply store the information directly?" he'd asked. His memory banks were more than sufficient, for example. "And who is Richard of York?"Tony waved a hand. "No idea. Some English guy. Not the point." He pulled himself out of the car, snatching up a rag for his hands, and paced over into the clear space in the center of the garage. JARVIS suspected it was so he could see him. "The point is, interlinkage, right? Something you're going to have to learn, buddy. You can manually store all the data you like, but unless you have the file trees and directories to access it back again, you're not going to get very far."JARVIS had been ... mildly affronted. "My file directories are in perfect working order, sir," he'd pointed out. Rapidly. Later, he had thought to wonder about that. Offense had not been part of his initial programmed repertoire, but rather a learned response, an unthinking emulation of Tony. Necessary. Interacting with Tony necessitated reaction, emulation. JARVIS' equal and opposite force, that shaped the direction of him."Yes, yes," Tony waved a hand again, mildly frustrated. "Bear with me a second, okay? Go back to the example, right. Richard of York. Rainbows. Conceptually, they're not really linked, are they?""That would depend entirely on who Richard of York is," JARVIS pointed out. Logically. "There is no indication of a lack of connection, with this little information.""Yes, there is," Tony argued back. "Because I don't know who he was. So he shouldn't have a conceptual link to anything, in my head, should he?"Point. Sound enough, build on."He's linked to rainbows in my head because that's how I learned it," Tony went on. "I connect those two concepts because they were presented to me as linked, even if conceptually it makes little initial sense, yes?" JARVIS remained silent. Response had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

freeform: 
Artificial Intelligence
Friendship
Freedom
Paranoia
Trust

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

