Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
The first NEW IMAGE! Hope you like it  :-)




Chapter Text
 Thor sat at his desk, his eyes tightly shut as he rubbed his hands over his face, his two-day beard scratching his palms.  He reached down to grab his lukewarm cup of coffee before he remembered he had accidentally dropped some change into it moments before.  “Ugh!” he groaned, swallowing the gulp of tainted coffee.  “Could this day get any worse?” he mumbled as he rummaged through his desk until he unearthed a half-drunk bottle of water from the bottom of a file drawer.  He wasn’t sure how long it had been there, and there was honest-to-god dust on it, but the water inside seemed clean (at least there was no change in it!) so he drank it anyway.  He leaned back in his chair as he thought about the email he had received that morning, detailing his new assignment.  Just the memory of it brought on the stirrings of a major headache.  A pair of murders had been plaguing San Diego for the past two months, their similar details and circumstances prompting the belief that they were dealing with a serial killer.  They had both occurred in the same enclave of stylish high-end homes widely known as the gay community, prompting fear and outrage amongst community leaders, who were demanding action.  The department was pulling out all the stops, trying to get this resolved as soon as possible.  All this he understood.  What he didn’t get was why he had been selected to head the investigation.  And with a partner.  A partner!  Thor hadn’t had a partner since his Narc days with Clint Barton.  The two had worked together until he had been promoted to detective.  Since then, he’d proven that he did his best work alone.  Surely his excellent record showed that?  This was somebody's sick idea of a joke. “Well, I’m not doing it.  That simple” he muttered to himself as he rubbed his fingers over his brow.  Suddenly, a crisp and clear voice interrupted his thoughts. "Hi, you must be Michael.  Michael Thor?" Thor opened his eyes slowly, sporting a frown of annoyance at being interrupted.  His eyes focused and he gasped involuntarily as he saw a beautiful face looking down at him. It reminded him of the angels that had adorned the church he attended as a child.  "Yeah, So?" he mumbled in response. The dark haired man stretched out his hand to shake Thor's hand, which he instinctively took.  “I’m John Loki. I'm your partner on this case." he smiled warmly, gaining and maintaining direct eye contact as he spoke.  Thor was immediately stuck by how certain and self-assured he sounded.  His demeanor exuded authority, but not in an oppressive or pushy way.  It wasn’t that he demanded respect, rather than it was expected as a foregone conclusion.  It immediately made Thor feel off-center, and he didn’t like it.  "The Captain wants to see us. Shall we go?" Loki asked.

 “Uh – um… right” Thor said, nodding dumbly as he immediately stood to follow, wincing internally as he noted how quickly he ‘obeyed’.  As he walked alongside Loki, he wondered at his reaction.  Hadn't he sworn to do everything he could to get out of this? Yet, here he was walking next to a man whom would likely be his partner for several weeks.  What the hell? He thought to himself. Loki was oblivious to the other man’s turmoil, his own mind preoccupied with thoughts.  As a newcomer to the department and the city, he was happy to get an important assignment so soon. He was ready to prove himself a capable investigator. As the men walked, Thor threw surreptitious glances at his new partner.  He noted Loki matched him in height but whereas Thor boasted a muscular build, Loki was lean and toned, much like a runner.It suddenly hit Thor:  Holy shit! This is the gay guy! He thought as they approached the Captain's door. Rumors had been circulating regarding the new hire, rumors that the department had hired a gay detective to quell insinuations of bias. And now here he was. Well, there’s no way I’m working closely with a fag!  Thor paused for a second.  Even he bristled at the crudeness of his own reaction. They reached the captain’s door and Loki rapped lightly, beating Thor to the punch.  “Come in” the captain called distractedly.  Loki opened the door, motioning for Thor to go in first. Thor entered but found himself bristling at Loki's manners.  Why’s this guy treating me like a fucking chick?  He thought gruffly as he entered the room. The Captain was standing behind his desk, poring over several photos scattered before him. Thor caught sight of the gruesome images of a young man's body with what appeared to be numerous stab wounds. He also appeared to have suffered severe torture. The Captain wore a look of consternation which faded as soon as he looked up at his visitors.  "Well, if it isn't my new detective team!"  He said, smiling broadly. Thor could feel his face heat and his blood rise with the captain's comment. Loki simply smiled. "Please, gentlemen, sit down." The captai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Police
Alternate Universe - Detectives
Murder Mystery
Loki is a cop
Thor is a cop
Fluff and Angst
clueless thor
Getting Together
First Time
Homophobia
First Kiss
Sexual Content
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Thorki - Freeform
Stony - Freeform
Happy Ending
With A Twist

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

