Chapter 1: Started From the Bottom
    




Chapter Text
Tony remembers the first molt he ever had; he was sitting in the living room, minding his own business while his parents were God-knows-where doing God-knows-what, and his white wings that marked his youth suddenly felt itchy. So, naturally, Tony shook and puffed out his feathers, but when he did, he felt a few lift away and fall from his wings, and he froze. It was his first molting, the moment when his true colors would be revealed and he would find out his designation. He slowly put down his mechanics book and walked as fast as he could to his bedroom, where he sat on his bed and pulled the loose feathers from his wings so he could quicken the process of seeing his first molting colors. But when he looked in the mirror, all he could see was his down; no colors yet. As he tried not to sigh in disappointment, Tony laid down in bed and closed his eyes, imagining how beautiful his wings would be after his third or fourth molting. 	When he went to school the next day, he tried very hard to not tell his other teenage friends about how he was molting, but it wasn’t a rare occurrence at their age, so no one pried. He, however, noticed that his friend Rae was starting her second molt, with the very light pink feathers falling away and beginning to take a deeper, darker reddish-pink instead of the light, girlish pink that she had had for about six months. He smiled to himself. If she kept up the darkening, she would turn out Alpha for sure. Not like it would be a big surprise. Rae’s brash and brave personality was very Alpha-esque. All too often, Tony would smile to himself, thinking, hoping, praying that he would join the Alpha rank and never be looked down upon. Besides, that rank suited him better than any other.	Later down the line, Tony went through his second molt. By that time, he was a senior in high-school, and the idea of being an Alpha had firmly seated itself in his and his parents’ brains and him presenting as anything less than a Beta was deemed unacceptable. Tony’s feathers had adopted a bluish tint to them, which soon darkened into sky blue, and Tony was very much excited by the development. In his dreams, his wings were navy blue with black and white speckles on the tips, much like a kestrel’s, and they would be enormous. They would be so enormous that he would be feared and respected and listened to, as well as seen as a powerful and a strong mate, because why not? He would be able to fly faster than all the others and he would be the Alpha of the Year. He had big plans, for him and his wings. He would take the world by storm. 	Little did he know, fate had a little surprise in store for the infamous Anthony Stark.  * * *	Tony stared into the plus-sized mirror he had hung on his plus-sized closet door in this plus-sized room, and he could not help the anxiety that was sitting on his little black heart. He  had just gone through his third molt, and all he was seeing was bright, iridescent-blue feathers peaking between his the second-molt-sky-blue ones, not the darker, navy blue, matte feathers that he should be seeing, at least if he was going be an Alpha like he was supposed to. The feathers were almost the colors of peacock plumage, a mixture of blue and green and purple that was mesmerizing, even to Tony. If Tony had seen them on any other person, he would have thought they were incredibly beautiful. But, because they were attached to Tony’s shoulder blades, they terrified him. They were the mark of something much scarier that could happen to him if the biology resting deep within his body betrayed him and turned him into the one thing that would ruin his dreams, his reputation, his life. Tony tore his eyes away from the mirror, done looking at a betraying reflection. 	In class, Rae and Josh, the two who had managed to get into MIT with him (what could they say? Geniuses flocked together.), couldn’t help but smirk at him when he entered the lecture hall, eyes glued on the shimmery feathers growing from Tony’s appendages, to which Tony groaned inwardly and rolled his eyes. Rae, whose feathers had finished their third and final plumage, were now dark, deep crimson with purple on the outer edges, and, as everybody’s hunch predicted, Rae presented as a full fledged, red-blooded Alpha female. She was a bit of an early presenter (most Alphas were) and she had reached full maturity at the age of 19 years old. Tony was almost 18, so he had a little time before he could truly freak out about his presentation, but the fact that he still hadn’t popped a knot (and he had had many opportunities to do so) or hadn’t had a swell in protective tendencies or uncontrollable acts of aggression had him fairly concerned. But there wasn’t a damned thing he could do about it.  All he could do was sit and wait, which for him was incredibly endearing.Seeing Tony’s furrowed brow and “I’m thinking about deep shit” expression, Rae gently pulled a fistful of feathers to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Everyone
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Alphas/Clint
Alphas/Bruce
Alphas/Tony

freeform: 
Wings
wingkink
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Polyamory
It's Avengers of course it's poly
Tony's A+ childhood
Omega Tony
Alpha Thor
alpha bucky
Alpha Steve
Alpha Natasha
Beta Bruce
Beta Clint
Tony Has Trust Issues
Not-really-Alpha Tony
Smut
Fluff
Original Character(s)
Original Female Character(s) - Freeform
Original Male Character(s) - Freeform
NO HATE!
work with me here
Tagging is ridiculous
Alpha Pepper
Bruce Banner-centric
Clint Barton-centric
Tony Stark-centric
Alphas love to ravish
omg
Possible Mpreg
I'll decide later
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Knotting
Porn at some points
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Avengers Tower
Author has no idea what she is doing
Making this up as I go along
Perceptive Natasha
Natasha cares
Pepper knows about Tony
But she doesn't tell anyone because she's a good person
Pack Dynamics
Pack
Flock
Pack Feels
Pack Sex
Tony has really pretty wings
Blue Wings
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
What Have I Done
Work In Progress
I'm knee deep in this motherfucker
Mating Bites
Mating all over the place
Loki - Freeform
Loki is here
Asgard
Asgardian Loki
Wingfic
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Porn eventually
Porn starts at chapter 35
Don't Copy to Another Site Without Permission
Don't repost without permission

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Everyone
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Alphas/Clint
Alphas/Bruce
Alphas/Tony

