Work Text:



One

Tony never knew anything was wrong with him, until that visit to the doctor back when he was fourteen.He’d gotten in a car accident. Or rather, not really so much of an accident as a miscalculation. One that hadn’t even been his fault. Rocks. Fucking rocks. He hadn’t taken those into consideration. The speed and the curves and the likely number of other drivers on the road, given the time of day, sure, but the rocks... that had been stupid.“Okay, Tony, now I need you to be honest with me. Does this hurt?” the doctor had said, and pulled a little at his wrist, manipulating it.Tony shook his head, and the angle of pressure changes, and he grabbed at the exam table as a wave of sickening gray-yellow, the color of baby vomit, washed clean through him. It was a disgusting color, one he’d never felt before, and it was very nearly too much to handle. He felt like he was going to throw up himself, longed to throw up, just to get it out of his head.“Tony?” the doctor asked again, looking at him with a strange expression on his face. “Did you feel that? You should have felt that.”The teen clenched and unclenched his hand, trying to get that flood of color out of his vision. Feeling? What the fuck was he talking about? There wasn’t ever any feeling. Just color. Like the brighter sparking orange of the cuts on his face. Like that dull gray-yellow throb of the bruise that’s spreading across his chest. Those colors he was used to, familiar, the color of pain. This was way, way worse. “It’s just yellow,” he groaned. “Fuck, make it go away.”The doctor had given him a strange look, and let go. “I think you sprained it. Badly. we need to get you in for x-rays.”Tony didn’t know what he’d said wrong, but it bugged him as the technician tugged and pushed him into place for the x-ray. Who felt pain? You felt the way glass was smooth or the texture of a fresh pad of paper. Feeling was for tactile things only. Pain, sensation, was always color.His father had been waiting for him two hours later, after the doctor decided he hadn’t broken anything and they’d gotten his hand wrapped and bandaged. His father didn’t look happy. Tony wasn’t sure if that was because he’d stolen one of the cars to go joyriding, or because he’d wrecked it. It sure as hell wasn’t because he’d gotten hurt. He knew that much.But it turned out not to be any of those things.“The doctor called me,” his father said after a straight fifteen minutes of silence on the dark, long ride home. “He said you told him your wrist was yellow, that you didn’t feel anything. He said you tore a couple of ligaments, Tony. That shit’s supposed to hurt.”Tony doesn’t know what to say to that.“I told him to fuck off, none of his goddamn business, I don’t have some kind of retard for a son,” Howard continued, and kept his eyes on the road. “But you probably shouldn’t say anything like that to anybody again, you understand? Nobody’s gonna understand it...”“But dad...”“I don’t care how you see things, son. You’re a smart kid, almost as smart as your old man, and nobody ever gets that smart without being a little odd. So put that Stark brain of yours to work, and say something different the next time.”It had been the most his father had said to him, in one go, in nearly a year that didn’t have to do with some kind of science project. Tony didn’t know how to take that, what to say. But it seemed like a time for honesty, so he asked the question that had been burning in the back of his mind since the doctor had given him that weird look in the exam room.“What’s pain supposed to be like, dad?”His dad didn’t say anything more to him.He got grounded for the car, locked out of the downstairs lab, forbidden to see any girls, all the usual shit for almost a month as punishment, but Tony hardly cared. It wasn’t going to stop him from taking the car again, once his dad got it fixed.That didn’t matter at all.What did was that there was something wrong with him.He’d never realized that before. How wrong it was that sensation was color. So what did that mean about the rest of his brain? Like how music was color and words had shape and weight and... and mass, and numbers... how numbers curved into grids and turned up into spirals and wove in and out of each other, clear as anything he might have seen with his eyes themselves, and...It was just how he was. It wasn’t going away. He didn’t want it to go away. It wasn’t like he could just separate it from everything else, feel pain like normal people evidently felt pain, however that was, or not see music. He didn’t want to lose that.But Tony still swore that he’d never talk to anyone about it again.Just cause he was weird didn't mean anybody had to know about it.


Two

Over the next few years, Tony tried, with varying degrees of success, to do what he’d committed himself to doing on the drive home from that hospital. Keep the crossed wires in his head from being an issue for him.Most of the time, as he moved on through his education, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Synesthesia

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

