Work Text:

Regrets collect like old friends,

Here to relive your darkest moments.

I can see no way, I can see no way,

And all of the ghouls come out to play.

 
Tony can see his jaw working, can see the thoughts flashing across his face, can see the exact moment Bruce gives in and sighs, and Tony’s already smirking when he opens his mouth.  So, that’s how it happens that Bruce gets one of Stark Tower’s floors, and that’s how it happens that Tony doesn’t drown himself in alcohol and then accidentally fall out of a window because he’s nothing but a man in armor, and, take that away, he’s open, he’s weak, he’s useless.  Steve Rogers made sure that he would never forget that.  There’s nothing as therapeutic as the man you grew up hero worshipping to practically rip you from your pedestal.  Tony can barely feel his heart beating these days, relies almost entirely on the arc reactor, but he’d felt it clench the second before he snapped back his four-word retort, and he knows, he’s damn fucking sure, that Steve saw everything flash across his face because he’s Captain fucking America, and of course he did. But that’s neither here nor there, and all Tony really cares about focusing on is the glass of whiskey balanced in his hand and the ever-present thump of the monitor keeping track of Bruce’s heart rate.  It had been Jarvis’ idea, and Tony had actually approached Bruce about it, who had actually smiled and thanked him before even saying yes.  Bruce is twelve floors down now with a bunch of contractors because so many of the top thirty floors, twenty of which are devoted to living quarters, in Stark Tower are empty, and they need to be made truly ready for someone to live in them, which is why Jarvis thought of keeping track in the first place, just in case the Hulk looked like he might want to make an appearance.  Tony’s not in any shape to come to the contractors’ aid if that is the case, regardless, but it’s a small comfort knowing he’s trying at least a little. “Sir, incoming call from Miss Potts,” Jarvis informs suddenly, and Tony grunts.  Once for no, two for yes, he’d told the AI a while back, and so Jarvis drops the call.  Pepper’s already yelled at him four times, and he just wants to fall into an alcohol-induced slumber that maybe he won’t come out of because he figures that would be a nice way to go.  Everyone’s opinions of him, even beyond Steve, would pretty much be met, so at least there’s that. “I’m cutting you off,” a voice that’s not computerized says, and Tony makes an undignified noise when his glass is plucked out of his hands and then promptly thrown off the side of the Tower. “That was expensive,” he says, glaring up at Bruce, who just shrugs at him and then pads back out of his line of sight. “If you try to follow it, I will go after you, and if we die, I will make sure hell is sunshine and rainbows in comparison to me.” “Hulk in hell,” Tony muses, and Bruce snorts at him before he heaves Tony up off his precarious seat on one of the broken panes of glass, and Tony flails at being manhandled, but Bruce has a strong hold on him and just tosses him away from the glass and edge of the Tower.  When he gets his footing, Tony glares at Bruce’s back until the scientist turns around, and then he sticks his tongue out at him. “Very mature, asshat.  Let’s go, bedtime.”  Bruce ushers him back into the main room, backhands him across the head when he tries to derail toward the bar, and, somehow, Tony finds himself pouting in the elevator.  They go eleven floors down to where Tony’s quarters are, and Bruce steers him through the small lobby, down the four stairs into the living room, back up to the hallway that hides his bedroom.  He leaves Tony in his bedroom as he makes his way toward the glass door that opens into the bathroom, and Tony watches him for a curious moment before making a beeline for his bed. He’s nearly halfway to being unconscious when he’s flipped onto his back, and he opens his mouth to make a distasteful comment about Bruce Hulking out during sex when he tugs off his sweatpants, but Bruce pinches his thigh, and Tony makes a mental note to stop being so obvious about his jokes because, really, Bruce knows him too well, already, which is terrifying in its own right, but that’s not the point, the point being Bruce is now sitting him up and pulling off his t-shirt. “Jarvis will wake you in the morning,” Bruce says, and then he’s gone, and Tony stares at his closed door for a moment and then at the open bathroom door, which is starting to let out steam.  Oh, what the hell.  He takes the shower Bruce started, and then he slides under his blankets and drops off. -- In the morning, he has a very itty bitty headache, but he just pops a pill and pads out of his bedroom, down the hall, and through the living room to where the kitchen lies on the other side where Bruce is already cooking.  Tony stares at him for a bewildered moment before stepping up into the large space where Bruce is just f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Sexual Content
Light Angst
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Suicidal Thoughts
Language

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner

