Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Asgard is such a beautiful place at dusk. You could say the 'sunset' really makes the sky a nice purple pink, the gold of the castle glostening with the last rays of the 'sun'.  You had been brought by Thor, who knew your amazement with Nordic Mythology, and gladly brought you here. You helped him plan dates in Asgard for Jane, who was also your best friend.   You remember being the only one believing him at first, asking him in fascination about the Bi-frost, Heimdall and then eventually his family. You remember him talking about his brother and their 'problematic' familial affairs. You sigh, thinking of that day.  You then look back up to see now the sky was a nice indigo, different stars shining and making you gush in excitement. You then started drawing the stars, like charting them for memorial purposes. "Lady (Y/N)!" Thor's voice exclaims from under you. "Hello Thor." You say kindly. Thor was your closest friend, he was adorable, and you loved feeding him pop tarts (even taught him some tricks like a dog but he doesn't know).  "The feast to welcome you is happening! We must feast!" He says giddy.  "Alright." You jumped down a good 5-6 meters, your drawing book tucked in the back pocket of your yoga pants.  You walk with Thor to the feast room. You look at all the guards, workers and gold ornaments. Your (e/c) eyes were darting everywhere, and Thor wondered how he never noticed your beauty. In the Asgardian light you glowed, like an untouched goddess. Thor looked around, noticing every guard admiring (Y/N). He didn't judge them, she was a beautiful Midgardian, gushing with intelligence and a certain prowess with combat (Thor was shocked) that made her the perfect woman. If she had put on the robes of an Asgardian, he wouldn't be surprised if they thought her as queen.    "Is their a library?" You ask, snapping Thor back into reality. "Oh yes. I think there are four grand libraries Lady (Y/N)." He says kindly and quietly, hushed. I smile happily as we finally arrive to the feast room where everyone was waiting. They cheer as I walk in and I blush, embarrassed by all the attention.  "This is Lady (Y/N)! A Midgardian!" The warriors three cheered, while Sif stared at me.    "She is not a Midgardian! Look at her beauty." Fandral yells. I turn into Thor and cover my face as he laughs at me.  "She'll come around. She's very a shy Midgardian!" He yells out, chuckling continuing to ring around the room.  "What brings you here?" Sif asks, jealousy ringing in her tone.   "Oh, I'm a close friend of Thor's. He believes that I should have been brought here because of my fascination with Nordic Mythology." Sif, the warriors three and Thor looked really confused.   "Lady (Y/N), I don't believe they understand?" Thor asks.  "Mythology? As in gods and goddesses? Mjolnir? Written by the vikings?" I rephrase. They seem to understand more.  "Why have you decided to like Mythology Lady (Y/N)?" Fandral asks, advancing to kiss my hand.  "I believe that Asgard and your beginnings were so poetic and beautiful." I say smiling. Fandral winks at me, then treads to the table to sit.   "We must feast! Come sit here Lady (Y/N)!" Volstagg pats the bench next to him. I sit delicately, and wait for Thor and Sif. Hogun had sat next to Fandral, who wasn't looking pleased at him. I giggled at his face, and he snaps to my direction to wink at me again. I knew of his advances.    Finally Thor and Sif return, but the Warriors Three had already started eating. I then start eating little bits, but then gained confidence in myself to eat almost as much as Volstagg, which brought the men great shock.   "You continue to shock us Lady (Y/N)!" I smile at Fandral.   "Wait until you see Lady (Y/N) drinking! She can hold down her mead very well!" I nod at that, still eating. Volstagg finally stopped, as I continued to eat happily. When I was done, i was surprised to see I had almost eaten through all the food, which I know for a fact is never fully finished.   "She is simply amazing." Fandral says to Hogun, who nods.   "BRING THE MEAD!" Thor yells out. I cheer alongside the rest, laughing and speaking to them. When the drinking had happened, I had really gone all out. I had drunk at least 20 pints, which I think could have killed me.   It surprised the Warriors Three. I continued to tell them I had high metabolism, then had to explain it to them.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Loki - Freeform
Smut
Lemon
Loki x Reader - Freeform
fun for everyone
Little Fluff
Fluff

fandom: 
None
