Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The atmosphere in Stark’s bar is taught, tension tighter than Hawkeye’s bowstring.  Speaking of the archer, Loki can feel the man’s heated gaze burning into his back. If it wasn’t for Thor’s often misguided loyalty, he would worry about that. Having an enemy stood, armed, somewhere behind him. His former sibling has always been good with the visible, obvious threats however, so for now he chooses to believe that Thor will protect him.Not that his protection means much. Not if – when – the Chitauri catch up with him. He can feel that giddy laughter building up again. He recognises it now as panic, but he can’t give in to it. He must stay in control, must make these heroes understand. Yes, heroes. That is what the world needs.But he has never been a hero, even when he tried. That was always Thor’s job in Asgard, and he has seen for himself how effective the Midgardian versions are. He was never meant to be a hero, and yet here he is. A voice whispers in his mind ‘you are nothing.’ He ignores it, as best he can. He turns to Thor. What feels a lifetime ago, when he was dragged back to Asgard in chains it had always been his plan to speak to Thor. It was a good plan and he implemented it now. The others gathered around him had no reason to listen to him, to trust him. Thor didn’t either, not really, but they had a shared history. And Thor still clung to the fiction that they were brothers. He could use that, he would.‘Brother…’He hates for a second the bright note of hope when Thor responds. ‘Loki?’‘They are coming, and there are so many. More than this world can manage on its own. You must raise the armies of Asgard.’‘WHO are coming? Your Chitauri friends?’Loki bites back a bitter laugh. There is no time for this now.‘Oh yes. Truly my FRIENDS.  Is this how you treat your friends Fury? If so I pity your enemies.’He gestures at himself, still clothed only in a stolen, tattered robe and nothing else. His energy has been spent getting here, with nothing to spare for healing. He knows that he is bruised and battered, and that his current state is nothing he can hide from them.  Which could be a weakness; it’s certainly something he hates. But he has learnt to turn every weakness to strength. Now, if it is something he can’t hide it is also something they can’t deny or ignore.It was no friend, no ally that left him in such a state.‘If they aren’t your friends, why did they rescue you?’‘They didn’t.’‘They didn’t? Loki, I saw them!’‘Yes brother. Well done. I didn’t say they didn’t come to Asgard and take me from my cell. I said they didn’t rescue me.’Loki closed his eyes, frustrated. He didn’t need them to trust him, or to like him. Only to believe him. How could he make them understand? Biting his lip, he shivered and pulled the loathsome robe around him. With a sigh, he opened his eyes again and turned to Fury.‘They gave me an army, in exchange for the tesseract. That was the deal. Now, I’m sure you remember how that all worked out.’‘You failed.’‘Yes. I failed.’ His voice is quiet and cold, calm and controlled now. ‘They do not reward failure, but it is not their place to punish a god.’‘So… What? You’re here now to help us out as revenge? Some kind of petty pay back?’Loki lets the lie slip from his lips with a smile. ‘Oh, yes. And I can tell you everything. How many they are, when and how they are coming.’‘And we should just trust you?’‘Oh, I don’t know that you SHOULD. But you can, for now.’‘For now.’He can feel all of their eyes upon him.  They are teetering, on the brink of realising just what he has to offer. It is almost, but not quite enough. For all that their life spans are short; these mortals have learned to think about something more long term than each immediate moment. He has given them motives they can believe, but not anything that they can trust. He sighs again.‘Fine. Stick me in a prison, if you think you can keep me there. I’d rather face your idea of justice than theirs.’‘You’ll come quietly? As our prisoner?’He closes his eyes. ‘Yes. On one condition.’The captain exchanges a hopeful glance with Thor, whilst Fury narrows his eye once more. Stark is mixing himself another drink, face unreadable. Natasha is sat near Hawkeye, keeping an eye on her friend as well as their soon to be prisoner. It is Banner, the quiet doctor who asks.‘What condition?’‘A bath and something to wear.’Fury nods, slowly.‘It’s a deal Loki. You come with us and we stick you in another nice cage where we can keep an eye on you. You’ll get your bath and some clean clothes, but then you tell us everything.’The unspoken threat, of violence and pain if he lies to them doesn’t scare Loki. The only lies he has told today were the ones designed to make them listen. Besides, for all their imagination, he does not think these heroes – even the practical, pragmatic SHIELD director – would have it in them to treat him as the Chitauri had. He lets them take him away, following Fury as the others surround him. Care
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Rape Recovery
Attempted Rape

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

