Work Text:
There’s a plan already forming in the back of Tony’s mind and he knows it’s teasing, but it’s not an opportunity he can willingly pass up. He finds the perfect shade of blue at an outlet near Avengers Tower, and he wasn’t even actively looking. They’re a striking sapphire, the exact shade of Captain America’s costume. He’ll just have to modify a few details, implement the star and paint the strap red. He hides away in his workshop before Steve can find him and gets to work, finishing within an hour.Now. Now it’s time for strategy.It’s a decision, he knows, that will get him in trouble. The best kind of trouble. Steve always leaves their room just after six, waking Tony up with a drugging kiss before going for his morning run. Tony has meetings today. He doesn’t like that he has meetings today, but they create the perfect reason for him to actually walk around in his newest tease.Though, meeting at eight o’clock? He is going to shock both Steve and the goddamn board.The heels wobble as he stands, and he has a good four extra inches now. Taking a few shaking steps, he gets the hang of it quickly, the stiletto vastly different to compensate for then the original Iron Man heels he had created. He walks to the mirror, turning slightly to the side. Adjusting his jacket, loosening his tie into a careless fix, he eyes his legs. He can just make out the glimpse of blue, the splash of white of the star. He lifts and drops his foot, grinning at the flash of colour. Perfect.Graduating from carpet to hardwood makes things easier. He clips down the stairs, makes his way through the living room, and grins as he waltzes into the kitchen. Steve has a hip propped up on the island, eyebrow raised as Tony saunters in, coffee already in hand. Tony doesn’t have to stand on tiptoe to kiss him, instead wraps both arms around his waist and returns the drugging kiss that Steve had given him that morning. And then he clips his way out, stealing Steve’s coffee as he goes.He doesn’t miss the way Steve’s eyes snap down to his feet, or the flush that rides high on his cheeks afterwards. Success. Minor hiccup: meetings? Suck.When he had breezed his way into the office, Pepper had practically jumped him with notifications and newsletters, only giving his new height a brief eye roll. The board had been shocked by his entrance, glancing at each other in uncertainty, and that’s what Tony lives for. To make them uncomfortable. They can’t babble behind his back now (well, they don’t, because Pepper is a scary, scary woman, and she would skin them all if they so much as blinked in agreement over certain ideals), and he sits in the chair closest to the door. He has plans today. Plans that include having Steve pin him down and fuck him until he can’t think his own name, let alone say it. And in his new Captain America heels, nonetheless.Pepper, however, has different plans.She’s standing by the door, guarding it from a Tony shaped escape that he still hasn’t managed to execute. It’s just after noon, and there is a seventy three percent chance that he’s having a continuous hallucination. There is no way board meetings are this boring. No way. He can’t even whine at her to let him leave because that would defeat the whole purpose of making the board uncomfortable. Instead, he’s made three different variations of the Stark Phone out of the ones he lifted from the board members that sit around him. They’re either too used to Tony’s antics, or don’t understand how the phones are supposed to become their lives. Either way, Tony deems to fix that.Every now and then, he speaks up just to fuck with them. It’s never anything specific, just a random burst of words that draw the attention of every eye. And then he dismisses them, going back to his project. Jarvis runs diagnostic on his latest creation when the board finally, finally, calls for lunch. Tony practically trips his way out of the meeting, forgetting momentarily his new footwear and Pepper sighs at him.“Those would’ve been better worn at home, Tony,” she says. Tony huffs at her.“I had a plan. The plan did not include actually staying for the meetings. You are a cruel mistress, Miss Potts.”Pepper grins, sugar sweet. “I aim to please, Mr Stark. You can tease Steve later. The next meeting will take place in an hour. I suggest food. And if you leave the office for any reason, I will personally drag you back.”He knows it’s childish, which is why he does it. He sticks his tongue out at her. “Mad woman.”She pinches his nose and clips away.Of course, Tony tries to escape anyway. Pepper makes due on her promise and drags him back kicking and threatening lawsuits. She situates herself by the door, fingers tapping out on her phone and generally ignoring Tony as he makes faces at her. The board starts up again, arguing about stock prices, Tony, the new direction, the old direction, Tony, the deal made with Japan about renewable energy, Tony, how the Avengers are destroying more than they are helping,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Heels
Clothing Kink
Shoes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

