Work Text:
“I want you to keep your hands right here, alright?”“This is embarrassing,” Steve says matter-of-factly, his fingers flexing against the wall on either side of the mirror.  He sees Tony smile in the mirror from his position behind Steve before he releases Steve’s hands. “That’s not how I’d describe it.  ‘Enthralling’ maybe.  ‘Amazing.’  ‘A dream come true.’  Any of those would work,” Tony says, squeezing him gently before letting his hand wander down the center of Steve’s body.  They watch as it travels lower and lower, Tony peering over his shoulder, the both of them kneeling on the floor.Steve’s breath hitches as Tony’s palm grazes the head of his cock, but Tony’s already moving, down the length of his erection, brushing past his balls before carelessly curling his fingers around Steve’s inner thigh.  Steve hadn’t believed watching the two of them in the mirror would do much for him when Tony had suggested it, but he’s starting to change his mind.  The sight of Tony’s casual possessiveness is much more arousing than it has any right to be. Tony lets more of his weight settle against his back, the rough denim of his jeans rubbing against Steve’s naked skin.  He should’ve insisted Tony get naked as well. Then again, he thinks as the fabric scrapes against him, sending a shiver down his spine, maybe not.“Can you spread your legs a little more?” Tony asks, pressing the pads of his fingers into the hollow of Steve’s thigh.  There’s no stopping the sound Steve makes, the way his breath hitches in his throat, and his face gets warm at how easily he responds to what Tony’s doing to him. Tony is a terrible tease, he decides as he shifts his weight from knee to knee, the heat and proximity of Tony’s hand mocking him.  Terrible.Nevertheless, he does what Tony wants, sinking lower as he widens his stance, closing his eyes for a second at Tony’s hum of approval. “Perfect,” Tony murmurs, releasing him and gliding his hand back up over muscles that tremble in its wake until he reaches Steve’s nipple.There’s something vaguely humiliating about having his nipples played with.  None of his previous partners had ever paid much attention to them, and he’d never thought his were particularly sensitive before he met Tony.  It turns out that he was very, very wrong.He gasps as Tony tweaks it playfully, and his eyes dart to the mirror to see pink skin peeking almost shyly from between the tan fingers.  He has to push his palms harder against the wall to keep from grabbing Tony’s wrist, to pull him away, he thinks, and not because he wants Tony to press even harder.“Don’t,” he says, but it’s weak, pleasure and humiliation tangling together and preventing him from imbuing any force in the word.  It’s a surprise, therefore, that Tony listens, resting his hand on Steve’s chest so just the tip of one finger covers his nipple, inadequate and completely riveting in its sly obscurity.“Do you really want me to stop?” Tony asks, and there’s the Tony he knows, always pushing boundaries whenever he can, stroking his finger slowly back and forth, back and forth, giving Steve a jolt with each passing.  “They’re so appealing when they’re tight and hard like this.  It’s like they’re begging me to touch them, to abuse them a little bit more until they’re red and so damn tender that you can still feel my fingers after I let go.  Are you telling me you don’t want that?” he asks, breathing against Steve’s ear.  “Because I think you’d be lying.”Steve turns his head away, but he’s not denying it.  He can’t. “Maybe the problem isn’t that I’m playing with your tits—oh, that bothers you, doesn’t it?  You don’t want me to be vulgar,” Tony says, rolling the word off his tongue when Steve flinches.  “But I’ve got a dirty mouth, Steve.  Surely you’ve noticed that by now, right?  So I’m going to say that I want to molest these pretty, pretty tits of yours, and I think you’re just going to take it.  I think you’re going to keep your hands right where they are, and you’re going to push your chest out for me so it’s even easier, and do you know why I think so?  Open your eyes, Steve.  Look in the mirror, and tell me I’m wrong.”He hadn’t even realized he’d shut his eyes, but he does what Tony tells him, and oh.  Oh.  Is that really him?  Pupils blown wide, lips red from where he’s bitten them, cock hard and already leaking precome.  No wonder Tony’s so sure of himself, he thinks, watching the stranger in the mirror, desire etched in every line of his body. “Do you see?” Tony whispers, his hands sliding down Steve’s sides.  Apparently he’s distracted Tony enough to have him abandon his nipples, exactly like he’d wanted.  So why does it make him ache, make him crave more of those maddening caresses or an even rougher touch?  His nipples are throbbing, and he’d never thought he’d be more aware of them than he is of his cock, but he is, and what’s Tony doing to him?He doesn’t get a chance to linger on the question, however, because Tony’s hands are tugging
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rough Sex
Dirty Talk
Plot What Plot
D/s elements
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Chinese Translation Available
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

