Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"I love you too," Bucky said, but miserably, like it was a confession dragged from him instead of his immediate answer to Steve's eighty-years-belated declaration."Buck?" Steve tried to keep his voice steady when he wanted to fight. He knew Bucky was telling the truth; he knew Bucky had always felt the same way, and he knew it wasn't any different now. He'd seen the way Bucky looked at him--he knew the things Bucky had done for him. Coming in was the latest and maybe most significant of all of them."If you don't want me--this--anything," Steve said, when Bucky just went on looking away. "We don't have to do anything about that. We can just... be the same as before. We always knew, didn't we?"Bucky nodded, but finally looked up at Steve. His face was tense with a mixture of emotions Steve couldn't untangle, but Bucky's eyes devoured Steve, like he never wanted to look away."I just can't," Bucky said, and now his voice was the kind of flat and mechanical that other people always misinterpreted. It signified Bucky retreating into his programming, yes, but because he thought he was about to suffer the consequences of deviating from it. It was protective coloring. It meant Bucky was suppressing the impulse to beg for mercy--to apologize."If you can't, that's okay," Steve said, still keeping his voice matter of fact. A soothing tone would fall wrong on Bucky's ears when he was trying to show himself rational and functional. "Can you tell me the exact parameters we're working with here?"A little of the tension went out of Bucky's face when Steve met him on his own ground."I can't engage in a physical relationship," Bucky said. Steve was startled by how definite that statement was. He didn't think he'd ever heard Bucky refuse outright to do anything. Steve could imagine--had already been imagining, though he tried not to--what could be motivating him to draw the line here. Bucky had been in a uniquely vulnerable position while Hydra had him. It was horrific--it was its own particular stream of atrocity out of everything that had happened to him--but it wasn't quite a surprise."Sex, I mean," Bucky clarified, holding his gaze like Steve needed to be convinced. "I can't--I can't, Steve. I won't. I can't."Steve shook his head, offering his hands palm-up. "Not required, pal. I mean, I wouldn't have kicked you out of bed if you wanted to be there, but if you don't want to have sex, we won't. Period. I'm not ever going to pressure you on that, okay?"There was another glimmer of relief, another faint relaxation from Bucky. "Not even--not even petting, Steve. Even a lot of touching could be too much. I just--I can't. It's not safe--I mean, I wouldn't feel safe."Steve nodded. "Okay, Bucky. That's fine. I just want to be near you, you know? If that only means in the same room...""I think," Bucky said, and he took a decisive step in. "Can you hold really still? And keep your hands down."Steve clasped his hands behind his back and didn't even breathe. Bucky closed the last of the distance between them and curled his right hand around the back of Steve's neck, his left hand hovering just off Steve's cheek as Bucky drew him in for a kiss.It was just a press of lips, but it was Bucky. Steve had wanted this before he knew what it was he'd wanted, through years when he tried not to think about it, years of trying to get over it. He had never once thought he would have this. He clenched all the muscles of his belly, trying to hold back the shudder that wanted to course through him. Bucky needed him to hold still, and Steve wasn't going to ruin their first kiss by doing anything that might remind Bucky of the way he'd been abused.It only lasted a second or two, really, and then Bucky let go of him and took a long step back. He was shaking, and Steve thought the same shivering frequency ran through them both. Bucky touched his fingers to his lips as Steve closed his own hand on the back of his neck.Bucky's mouth widened suddenly into a grin, and seeing it, joy welled up in Steve and he laughed out loud. They'd kissed, after all this time. They were in love, and together, alive here in the 21st century. They could manage everything else."That's all," Bucky said, shaking his head but still smiling helplessly. "Steve, that might be all I can ever do.""Never gonna ask for more than what you want to give me," Steve promised, his mouth stretched so wide it ached at the corners. His heart felt light enough to soar.
Steve worried a lot, especially in the first few days, that he would somehow make Bucky feel pressured. He watched carefully for any sign of Bucky compromising on the line he'd drawn, but Bucky held as firm as a maiden aunt. They exchanged closed-mouth kisses once or twice a day, always with Steve holding carefully still while Bucky darted in for that precious, brief touch of lips. Hugs were also permissible, as long as they were short, and even then Bucky tended to angle away from a full-body press, pref
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
hydratrashmeme
Rape Recovery
Rape Roleplay
Kink Negotiation
Under-negotiated Kink
unsafe kink
Subdrop
Top Drop
Aftercare
Learning curve
They get better
Steve's Sexual Orientation Is Double Dog Dare
Complicated Consent
Sex Toys
Rimming
Hurt/Comfort
Cuddling & Snuggling
BDSM
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Bucky's Broken Dick

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

