Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“NYPD. NYPD. NYPD.” Matt froze. Why was the New York police department calling him? A case? If it was Brett, he usually called Foggy. “Matthew Murdock,” he answered.There was a slight delay before someone spoke. “Hey Matt, it's Clint. I'm calling using a TTY cause I can't hear you, so there's an operator who's gonna type out what you say for me. Cool?”“Sure. Why are you calling from the NYPD?”Another pause. Clint sighed before responding. “I might have gotten arrested. Can you come down and do your lawyer thing?”Matt huffed. “Of course I can. I'll bring my partner and everything. What precinct?”“84th.”“And what were you arrested for?”Clint sighed again. “Assault and resisting arrest. But the assault was self defense, and the resisting arrest was me just not hearing them to tell me to, you know, surrender or whatever. I don't know, cause I couldn't hear it.”Matt sighed right back. “We'll be there as soon as we can. Just... don't do anything, okay.”“Oh, they've left me well enough alone now. Done the mugshot and fingerprinting and everything. I'm sitting in one of those stupid interrogation rooms.”“Clint,” Matt said firmly. “Just don't do anything okay. Goodbye.” He hung up. Matt sighed, and gave him a minute to collect himself before he phoned Foggy.“Hey Foggy. We've got a case.”“What? Now?”“Yep.”Foggy sighed. “Where?”“84th precinct.”“Jesus Matt, isn't that in Brooklyn?”“Yep,” he replied cheerfully. “Wanna carpool?”“We can't afford not to. I'll be by in 15 or so minutes. And Matt? It had better be good.”“It is,” Matt told him, hanging up before he could ask for more details. 
 “So what is it?” Foggy asked Matt as soon as he climbed into the cab. He folded his cane up before replying.“Clint called me. He's in a bit of trouble.”“Clint,” Foggy repeated. “Are you talking about... Do you mean Clint Barton? Hawkeye?”Matt nodded.“Hawkeye called us for help? You'd think Stark has a team of lawyers at his beck and call that he could use.”Matt shrugged. “Clint knows me. He knows we can be trusted. And he knows my number.” He grinned.He was pretty sure Foggy rolled his eyes at that.“So what has he done?”“Nothing. Well, nothing outside of self defense. And he's... you know he's...” he lowered his voice so the driver couldn't hear him, “he's deaf right?”“Um, no, I didn't know that.”“Well he is. He didn't have his hearing aids in, so when the cops showed up-”“Oh god,” Foggy winced.Matt nodded. “They tazed him and arrested him for assault and resisting arrest. Maybe some other charges too, who knows. So he needs a bit of help getting out of this one.”Foggy leaned his head against the window and sighed. “You and your superhero friends. Always getting into trouble.”Matt smiled. 
 When they got to the precinct, the desk sergeant directed them to Clint, who was in an interrogation room. Upon entering, Foggy let out a low whistle. “Jesus you look awful. Did the cops do all of that to you?” Aside, to Matt. “He's got a black eye, half of his cheek is purple, he's covered in cuts and scrapes, and his one arm is in a sling.”“Nah, the cops only tazed me,” Clint replied cheerfully. “The rest is from the Russians.”“Russians,” Matt sighed to himself. “Of course.”“You know them too?”“I suspect not the same ones, but I've heard of their reputation.”“Weren't most of the Russians in Hell's Kitchen blown up?”Matt made a face. “Maybe,” he muttered.Clint laughed.“So, before we start, are you good with lip reading? We can use paper as well, but I think you're pretty good, right?”“Yeah, I'll let you know if I miss anything.”Matt nodded. “Good. So Clint, why are you here?” Matt pulled a chair out and sat in it. Foggy followed suit.Clint huffed before starting to explain. “I thought I'd taken care of the Russian problem. It's been going on for a while. I bought the building, they weren't happy, etc. But a few months ago there was... well I thought it was over with. Apparently there were still some left over, because they showed up today and started making noise.”Matt smirked.“Shut up,” Clint hissed at him.Matt held his hands up.“Anyway, they managed to get a jump on me, cause of the whole not hearing thing, but I turned the tables and took them down. Someone must have called the cops though, because apparently they were yelling at me afterwards to put the bow down and surrender.” He sighed. “Of course I didn't hear them, and they didn't know I was deaf, so they tazed me. It sucked. Have you ever been tazed before?”Matt nodded. “It's awful. But you're lucky they didn't shoot you.”Clint sighed again. “Yeah, I know. They got me for resisting arrest and assault, but it was all self defense. I know it doesn't look like that, cause one guy took down like, seven, but it's not like I came out unscathed.” He gestured to his body with his good hand.“Nothing broken though,” Matt observed.“You can tell?” Clint asked.Matt nodded.“Cool.”Matt grinned. “It can be helpful.”Foggy, who had only been making notes up until this point, spoke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Deaf Character
Ableism
american law
Handwaving
Friendship
bros being bros
Deaf Clint Barton
legal stuff

fandom: 
None
