Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Matt had never expected to meet Spiderman. Not just because he wasn't entirely sure he existed, but also because the guy seemed to hang out mostly in Queens, and surely didn't venture into the Kitchen, where Matt spent most of his time. But then Spiderman had swung, quite literally, into his life while he was on the east side of the island, where he rarely ventured. Matt was looking for information about a new drug that had sprung up, and production appeared to be coming from Midtown East. That's where Spiderman ran into him. He wasn't kidding about that. If it wasn't for his senses, he would have had some spider splat to clean off his new suit, and he would not have been happy about that. The guy didn't seem to be very experienced. “Sorry!” he squeaked, having managed to slow down and regain his balance to drop into the alleyway next to Matt. “I didn't see you there. Your costume is dark, although not as dark as the other one was, and anyway I'm just sorry.” He tilted his head. (Matt wondered what his costume looked like. Ridiculous, probably, although Foggy would point out he really couldn't judge, not just because of the blindness, but because of his own.)“You're not usually around here, are you?” he asked.“No,” Matt agreed, taking stock of the other man. He was tall and gangly, certainly spidery enough, and kind of twitchy. Could have been excitement, or maybe just too much caffeine. His heart rate was rapid, which could have been from the exertion, but if the guy had superpowers or something, which Matt suspected he did, that tended to be cancelled out. But then again, maybe the guy was like Matt, normal body, with just some special skills. After all, he'd heard that the guy had made the web shooters himself, a fact which Tony Stark was pretty impressed with.“But then, you're not usually around here either, are you?”Spiderman shook his head. “I don't usually cross the river,” he admitted. “But something happened-”Matt held a hand up. “You don't have to explain to me. I'm sure you have your own secrets.”He nodded. “Yeah. Hey, if you ever want to do a team-up, just let me know!”Matt smirked. “You in the phone book?”Spiderman snickered. “Yeah, although I'm not sure if it's under v for vigilante or s for superhero. Or maybe even m for menace.”“The guy at the Daily Bugle really isn't fond of you, is he?” Matt grinned.Spiderman scoffed. “Nope. He kind of hates me.”Matt nodded. “At least I've gotten the media back on my side. Sort of.”Spiderman made a sympathetic noise. “Yeah, that was awful. Fisk seemed like a real dick. I'm glad you caught him.”“Me too.”Matt gestured down the alley. “I should be... getting back.”“Oh, yeah. Same,” Spiderman added. “See you around then?”Matt grinned. “Sure. And if you're ever in trouble, give me a call. Here, my burner number.”He scrawled the number for his burner phone on a scrap of paper he pulled from a bin behind him.“Oh. Thanks man.”Matt nodded. “And nice tech,” he added, pointing to the guy's wrists.“Oh. Thanks!”Matt grinned at him and leaped to a nearby ladder, swinging himself up to a balcony, and on to the roof above. He could hear the guy's heart beat behind him, still a bit high, but Matt figured it could be in awe.Probably not, but he could dream. 
 He didn't get the information he was looking for that night, but he did get to meet Spiderman, and Foggy was going to be super jealous. (He went out the next night and got the info. He told Foggy a few days later and he nearly fainted.)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Medical
First Meeting
Team Up
peter is a child really
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
First Aid
matt's mothering reaches critical levels
matt is a superhero big brother
he worries okay

fandom: 
None
