Work Text:






Clint leaves it for two days, three days, a week, drowns himself in good vodka and bad calls, does his best not to think about it. He's watched Natasha play this game before, post-apocalypse patch jobs--because that's what this is, really, whether he'll say it out loud or not. The end of the world can land hard even if the world's still spinning; nothing quite like a good bout of mind control to remind you that you're not in control at all. He leaves it for a week, seven aching days where he doesn't speak to anyone, doesn't read the news, hides his phone underneath the hotel mattress and doesn't go outside. He leaves it for a week, because it's supposed to be his turn, damn it; he leaves it for a week because he knows the truth, if he's honest, suspected it the moment he woke up and knew it for certain when she let him walk away. A week is as long as he can let himself live in limbo, can play at excuses and drown it in drink. On the eighth day, he picks up his phone.
--

Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 8:45 PM EST
i want to talk about budapest--From: JSHAEHJSJKD12@yahoo.comTo: barton@shield.govSubject: (No subject)I want to talk about Budapest --
Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 9:51 PM EST
did you just email instead of texting for the sole purpose of bolding the word "i"
Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 9:57 PM EST
you did, didn't you 
Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 10:03 PM EST
and from a secret scary yahoo account, like i don't know there are better ways to encrypt your comms, what the hell tasha
Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 10:05 PM EST
eight years and the first time i get more than a few written syllables out of you is for a FONT OPTION
Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 10:08 PM EST
honestly i'm almost charmed
Natasha Romanov to Clint Barton, 7:12 AM MSK
working
Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 10:15 PM EST
no you're not 
Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 10:17 PM EST
or hell, maybe you are. whatever, here's the deal: what I'VE got re: budapest involves silk sheets and scandalized room service. that what you got? Natasha Romanov to Clint Barton, 7:45 AM MSK shit. 137Clint Barton to Natasha Romanov, 10:46 PM EST that's what i thought. see you there.
--
Natasha doesn't believe in leaving evidence, and Clint doesn't believe in doubting Natasha; they've been speaking in code for years, pieces of themselves they've reduced to indecipherable nonsense, numbers and letter that wouldn't mean anything to anyone else. 137 means Lisbon, neutral territory because it's the last major city left where neither one of them has spilled innocent blood; 137 means something else, too, something darker and harder to quantify, something that might be loss to people who trade on other people's losing. 137 means goddamn it, not again, means S.O.S., means I'm not sure if you've noticed, but our stories don't line up.She's already there when Clint rolls through the doors of the Hotel do Chiado, twitching away from anyone who comes near him and all but hugging the wall; he knows it a hundred ways, confirms it when he finds a room key tucked behind a mirror in the guest bathroom on the first floor. He rides the elevator up, up, lets himself into room 731, and has half a second to appreciate the now-familiar view of the Tagus before she's got him pressed to the wall, her arm an iron bar against his throat. "Hello you to too," he chokes out, and she releases him, eyes narrowed. "You want to tell me how much time you spent with Loki, Tash?" "Less time than you did," she says, circling him. If Clint wasn't sure before, he's sure now--nobody knows enough about brainwashing, about memory wipes, about the myriad ways there are to do it and how impossibly simple it seems to be to make it stick. But Clint knows the aftermath, and Clint knows Natasha, and Clint knows the aftermath because he knows Natasha. It takes something from everyone, no matter how many times they've had it done. Natasha always (always, always) loses her grip on trust; Clint's not sure what he's missing yet, but he knows there's something gone. The hollow ache in his chest tells him that much."You think I'm gonna kill you?" he says lightly. "Really? After all these years?"You think I'm going to risk it?" Natasha says, still circling. "When I'm not sure who's calling the shots?" Clint narrows his eyes and gives up, bending his knees as he starts circling himself, matching her step for step. "Shots are all mine. I'm nobody's minion." "You were last week." Natasha's eyes are hard; if he didn't know her so well, he'd call them unforgiving. "Don't tell me you've forgotten." "Think you've cornered the market on forgetting, Tasha." "Yeah, that's cute and everything," Natasha says, "but you forget--I know what I'm doing here. You don't. If Clint's in there somewhere--" "Oh, fuck you, I'm not--" "Please feel free to remind him I've done the comedown four times," Natasha continues over him. "And all he's done is watched." Clint stares at her for a second. The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

