Chapter 1: Wherein the master of lies sees the deception that has been played on him and responds accordingly.
    




Chapter Text
For so long he thought he knew what was real and what was illusion. It was in his bones to know when someone was deceiving him, or even deceiving themselves. Few people could keep secrets from him. Loki had thought no one could. Wasn’t he named the Master of Lies, among other things?
But there were slippery things one could do with truth, and that Loki also knew quite well.
One could say, ‘I love you, you are my son,’ and it wouldn’t feel like a lie, not if the speaker loved you and accepted you as a son… even if you technically weren’t.
One could say, ‘You are a Prince of Asgard,’ and it wouldn’t feel like a lie, not if the speaker had named you as a Prince of Asgard, regardless of your actual birth realm or parentage.
One could say, ‘You belong here,’ and it wouldn’t feel like a lie, not if the speaker was determined that you should belong here, and had handcrafted a place for you to belong, regardless of the fact that you didn’t, that you never could.
And he never could.


All-Father,


I write you with a heavy heart, and it is my hope that in this letter you will be able to hear more reason and wisdom in my words than if we were to converse face-to-face. I have many concerns, but I fear you will not countenance any of them.


Primarily, I am concerned with Thor. Raised as brother, I have been in a position to note how desperately unprepared he is to rule. He has inherited all of your rage and none of your wisdom, temperance, or insight. The throne will fit him ill, and I fear for Asgard. I understand that you have made your choice between the two of us, and indeed I understand better than ever that I was never meant to rule in Asgard, but I cannot bear to watch the outcome of that choice.


Nevertheless, please, I beg you to reconsider your decision. I hope that rather than crowning Thor at any point in this century, you will defy tradition and place the delicate matters of state into the hands of Frigga while you endure your Odin-Sleep. She is more than worthy of the task.


Secondarily, I am concerned about you, sir. You have always told me that I am your beloved son, and I know that your words were true, but they were not quite complete, and I now understand that. You see, I had cause to travel surreptitiously to Jotunheim, just recently. Fear not, the mischief I had planned was utterly thwarted when I noticed my skin turning blue.


How dare you?


I have no idea of the circumstances under which I was obtained, but I am prepared to give you the benefit of the doubt, as by my reckoning it occurred at the end of the war. But how dare you raise me with a hatred for that which - as it turns out - I am! How dare you never once tell me! How do you dare? And knowing how easily you can subvert the truth with me - even me! - how do you suppose I shall trust you, henceforth? How do you suppose that I shall be able to function in your court, as the advisor I know you hoped I would become? How may I advise the king who lies to me so thoroughly?


Even now I can hear your arguments. Shall I list them out, so that when we do meet again in Valhalla, we have at least this ground covered?


You love me regardless of who I am. Well, thank you for that. I love you regardless of who you are, too.


You had in mind some deeper, future peace with Jotunheim, with me as the key element of said arrangement. Reasonable, given the situation between our realms. But then why, o why have you raised me to hate them so? Why have you allowed ten centuries of hatred to foster between the two realms? Why have you so thoroughly decimated their realm and not once reached out in peace to help them secure the basic necessities of life? Why have you raised me with such scant knowledge or experience of their realm and their culture? Where is your wisdom, All-Father? Where your insight? As with the decision to crown Thor, it has been stunningly absent.


You were going to tell me. Soon. Perhaps after the coronation, before your Odin-Sleep. While not a likely scenario, I give you the benefit of the doubt. And still I say you are three hundred years too late. As a supposed Aesir I reached my majority at 716 years of age and can we both not agree that that would have been the appropriate time? You could have at least used my minority as an excuse. And it is not as if I were a particularly irresponsible individual. Perhaps that wasn’t entirely surprising to you, as I’ve recently discovered, Jotunn reach their majority even earlier than Aesir.


And still other arguments howl in my mind, but I will not make you blush to consider what I fear your capacity to truly be.


Returning to my concerns for the future of the Nine Realms, I am quite concerned about Jotunheim. There has been no diplomatic preparation for a deeper, lasting peace or partnership, and I do not feel even slightly obligated to do the difficult work o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki

freeform: 
AU
Prompt Fic
tasertricks - Freeform
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Good Loki
Sexy Times
BAMF Frigga
Loki-centric
Loki Does What He Wants
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Non-Psychotic Loki
Loki Feels
Sane Loki
Loki Angst
Jane Foster Loves Science
Frigga Has Been Planning This For Centuries
Darcy's Dad FTW
Wedding

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki

