Work Text:
The Soldier doesn't run from the mission. He walks; a slow, aching shuffle away from the mud of the river. Some distance away, he finds a solid tree to lean against while he forces his right arm back into the socket and he doesn't scream. He just wipes the water coming from his eyes off his face, and vanishes.Vanishing is something he used to do more, he thinks. His awareness for vanishing is tailored more to an time when cameras in public were around the necks of tourists or were heavy black boxes mounted above store fronts, not tiny things in everybody's pockets. He used to travel on buses and trains and aeroplanes, a fake passport in his pocket and a false smile on his face, a wolf blending in to the flock of sheep. His weapons in those cases were more discreet; a poison, a knife, a garotte. He doesn't know when that changed, when the missions became about terror rather than efficiency.He doesn't know much of anything.He keeps walking. The sun is low, now, the smoke haze bringing on an early, blood-red sunset. Sirens still wail in the distance and a helicopter circles maddeningly, like a buzzing fly. He keeps to  the back alleys until the dusk falls completely, and then, to the shadows. The door to the old bank is ajar. This is wrong, he knows. There is no guard outside the vault, and the cage gate swings freely at his touch. The doctors and specialists responsible for his maintenance lie in a neat heap, stacked out of the walkway. The chair remains, but it's a hollow metal carcass, the computers that surrounded it stripped away and taken, their connective cables dangling loose, communicating nothing. Everything here is redundant, decommissioned, obsolete. Even him.He takes what is left that is useful – a bag with someone's running clothes, a mobile phone, a quantity of money and a few credit cards – and burns the rest to ash. He watches the conflagration from a rooftop nearby. The fire fighters do their best, but they're stretched thin; most of their number are still pulling bodies from the Triskelion. When he's certain nothing salvageable remains, he leaves.*He spends the next few days learning how to be invisible in the current era without any programming or training. It's challenging, but a sufficient amount is similar that he's able to put down any fumbling to being a foreigner. He overlays his English with enough of a Russian accent that he's charming, not unintelligible. There's a thrift store where he parts with a portion of his money. The staff are flatteringly sympathetic and helpful when he spins them a tale of woe – his luggage was lost, with the airports all closed, he may never get it back, and he is tired of wearing the same clothes he flew in. He chooses shirts with long sleeves, a hooded sweatshirt, jeans, a belt, underwear, socks, and a pair of gloves to hide his prosthetic from curious eyes. Having dumped his tac gear for the running clothes back at the bank, he's now clad in things that are completely new, civilian, unremarkable. His boots dried out from their dunk in the river and seem serviceable enough, if water stained, so those, he keeps.On a recommendation from the chattering sales clerk he eats at a local café, drinking something caffeinated, sweet and drowning in whipped cream and munching a delicate pastry crusted in sugar and fruit. He didn't scream when he set his own shoulder, but it's hard not to make noises while putting the food and drink in his mouth. Hydra, it seems, knew the power of caramel shots and baked goods, and kept them well away from their asset.James Buchanan Barnes, the mission had said. It's not hard to look it up on his purloined phone. He'd acquired a cable from a bodega that fit the little socket, and the café staff don't mind him charging it. “You a history student?” the girl who clears his empty mug away asks when she catches sight of a picture of the mission on his screen, black-and-white, from a battlefield long ago surrounded by dense academic text.“Da. Sorry, yes,” he answers, feigning embarrassment.“You know, the Smithsonian has a big exhibition on. You been?” she asks.“No, I arrive this week,” he answers. “You give me address?”His hopeful expression feels rusty and forced but seems to work, since she snags a napkin and scrawls a map and directions on it. On the other side, she writes a long string of numbers and a name.*The museum is exactly the kind of place he's kept his distance from. It's big, it's public, and it's well covered with surveillance equipment. But it does have the answer he's looking for, that low-res scans on the internet on his tiny phone screen weren't telling him.There's a face on the wall, taller than he is, and it's his face. He stands there for a long time, just looking at the face, then watching the loop of footage of him at the mission's – Steve's – side. They're laughing together. He doesn't remember laughing, though he recognises it in others.They took that from you, he thinks, and his parted lips close, gu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Bucky Barnes-centric
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Returns
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
POV Bucky Barnes
POV Third Person
Body Horror
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Injury Recovery
Major Character Injury
Healing
Medical Procedures
Surgery
Amnesia
Cuddling & Snuggling
Dessert & Sweets
Coffee
Science Bros
Touch-Starved
Touchy-Feely
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending
Dom/sub Undertones
First Kiss
Kissing
Getting Together
Blood and Gore
Identity
Snark
Chocolate
Humor
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Chronic Pain

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

