Chapter 1: The boy who loves birds
    




Chapter Text
“Gerroff’ Buckbeak, otherwise you won’t be getting any dead ferret for tea!”  Buckbeak regarded his young charge with greedy Amber eyes, letting the tied up Ferret go grudgingly.  The stormy grey Hippogriff’s eyes glinted when he saw tired looking Harry bumbling over with a wreath of Ferret carcasses chucked over one shoulder and a bucket of water
dangling from one arm.Harry dropped the bucket next to him and gave the great beast a gracious bow.  Buckbeak acknowledge the bow with a bow of his own, his tail tossing at the same time.  Even though Buckbeak allowed Harry to approach, Harry enjoyed the ceremony.  It reminded him of that first care of magical creatures’ lesson, all those years ago.“This will be it for the day.  I need a break.”  Harry threw a Ferret over to Buckbeak, who caught it with his hooked beak and swallowed it down whole.  He released a disgusting belch soon after.  Harry wrinkled his nose in amused disgust.“At least Fawkes has table manners, even though you are both equally high maintenance.”   As if on que, a great crimson bird glided out, seemingly from nowhere, and perched itself daintily onto the black haired boys shoulder.“Oh, you’re here are you?” Harry sighed and bent over to pick up a sponge from out of the bucket of water.  The liquid was lukewarm; meant to cool the large Hippogriff on this hot day.Harry himself had diminished his clothing to nothing but his working trousers and wellies.  His long, shiny black hair was tied back in a low ponytail with quite a few strands now loose.  The sun was still high in the sky even though it was late afternoon.“I know it was a good idea to move to California, but I didn’t expect the summers to reach this heat.”  Harry stood up straight after wringing the sponge out, gently slapping it onto the stormy back of the great beast.  “I bet you find this temperature positively balmy, don’t you Fawkes?”
The Phoenix gave Harry an affectionate nibble on a few of his hair strands.  Fawkes then opened his beak and begun to trill an eerie call that sounded like a summer melody on a flute.  Harry listened whilst he bathed Buckbeak.
It was so warm out that sweat was glistening over Harry’s sinewy muscles, his chest rising and falling almost in tune with the note changes to Fawkes’s song.   After many long days of working, Harry kept fit and healthy, although he could never gain much more body weight.  Harry was still small, even for the age of twenty two.  Standing at five foot eight, Harry wasn’t particularly short, but he wasn’t tall either; and with his slender build, one could almost say he resembled a girl.  A very pretty girl.“I thought Luna was looking after you!”  Harry stated to the Phoenix, who just fixed him with a ruby stare.  “She will only be here for another day before she leaves for the Far East.   Don’t you want to annoy her instead?”Fawkes trilled loudly.  It was more of a resounding screech, and then finally leaving Harry to his work.  Fawkes flew off silently to Merlin knew where.“That’s one annoyance out of the way!”  Harry stated under his breath.  Buckbeak must have heard because he bopped Harry over the head with a large grey wing, causing even more hair to leave the tired boy’s hair tie.“Every ones against me today!”Harry continued to slather cool water all over the Hippogriff right until the sun began to set.  The blue sky was turning orange with fiery light and the sea glistened in the distance.
Hedwig’s Owl and Raptor menagerie was situated close to the sea with two hundred and fifty acres of land which was home to many species of flesh eating bird which included normal species along with a select few magical ones.It is a charity based organisation that receives donations from the public both Muggle and Magical.  The menagerie is open to the public during the week from ten till five each day.  Entrance is free but donations are appreciated, especially when Harry Organises shows.  When the park opened suddenly five years prior on the edge of town, many people were sceptical, thinking it would only be a small aviary holding a limited number of birds.  The public would be in for a shock when they saw the size of the park and the number of birds that were not even tied up.The birds were mostly left to their own devices, and allowed free range.  They stayed in the park mostly, but one bird was often not found in the same place twice, unless it was their favourite resting spot.The Muggles didn’t know that the birds were all very intelligent. But the Wizards and Witches did.Owls would watch with their Amber and yellow eyes from the branches of dark trees.  Eagles would swoop in close to visitor’s heads and Hawks would occasionally land on unsuspecting tourists.  People often left with stories of Owl’s nibbling fingers and Eagles of massive size swiping cheeks with their vast wings. The park became all the rage in California within a short year.Of course Harry was ecstatic.  The p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slow Build
Fluff
Eventual Smut
Expect lots of birds
Fawkes hilarity
sulky birds

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

