Work Text:
The Hospital"I need your help," he said, and Natasha didn't recognize the number, but she wasn't surprised to hear his voice on the line. She knew immediately what he was talking about, and one of the things she liked about him was that he never pretended to think that she wouldn't know."I thought I could manage it, but I can't," he told her, and Natasha knew what that meant, too. "Getting in and out—recon, another set of eyes. I need somebody to—"She had grabbed her keys and her jacket and was already heading for the door. "Are you here yet?""We're in the car. I rented a car. Call it an hour and a half," he said. "I'll go straight there but I'll need you to talk me in—""It's all right, don't worry," Natasha said, shifting the phone to her other ear as she shrugged on her jacket. "Call me in an hour, I'll have a plan by then."
It took her twenty minutes to do a full recon. No one else was in the loop, though Barnes obviously had sources as good as hers were. So it was best to stay as inconspicuous as possible: no main entrance, no visitor's log. She stole a pair of pink scrubs, then went out and bought a Diet Coke and a pack of Newport Lights before going back in through the dank underground parking lot to smoke and bitch with a couple of green-clad orderlies and two nurses loitering down by the staff elevator. She followed them in when break was over and bluffed her way into the supply closet, where she was able to steal the rest of what she needed. Then she went back to the parking lot and waited for Barnes to call in.The car that finally came down the concrete ramp was so nondescript that she couldn't tell it was them at first, not until Barnes flashed his brights and turned sharply into a spot. Natasha moved toward them as Barnes got out on the driver's side and slammed the door. The heavy clunk echoed inside the garage."Hey," Natasha said, as Barnes came around to the passenger side. "Good timing. There's a shift change soon, so there'll be commotion before it goes quiet, but we'll be inside by..."She trailed off; Barnes was opening the passenger door and hauling Steve out. He looked terrible: pale and disoriented. He'd shaved his beard, which only increased her sense of deja vu—Steve looked just like he used to before he escaped, and it seemed like the old deep sadness had settled back upon him.He didn't say hello—he didn't even seem to register that she was there, and Natasha wondered if Barnes had maybe given him three or four of those super-powered pain killers they had at their place. He had the look: his face was slack, pupils blown. Natasha handed Barnes a pair of scrubs and he began, calm, all-business, to help Steve get into them while Steve just stood there, looking distracted and numb.When Steve was in the pale green scrubs, mask tied loosely around his neck, Natasha passed Barnes a white coat, a pair of surgical gloves, and a stethoscope, which Barnes slung around his shoulders."Okay," he said grimly, taking Steve by the upper arm, "lead the way," and Natasha understood then that Barnes was prepared to take Steve on his back, if necessary; had, in fact, more or less carried him this far. They set off together toward the staff elevator; once inside, Barnes carefully tied Steve's pale green surgical mask over his nose and mouth. It wouldn't do to have him be recognized.The elevator crowded and emptied as they went up and up, but they were the only ones inside when it reached the top. They came out into an elaborate high-ceilinged atrium—THE STARK WING, it said in gold letters along the wall: In Memory of Howard and Maria Stark—and Natasha took the lead as they moved together down the wide granite-lined hall, Barnes firmly towing Steve along. They passed state-of-the-art medical stations, duty nurses at semicircular banks of monitors, and they were nearly at the last door when Steve suddenly came to life and turned, gripping Barnes's arm. "Buck, I can't.""You can," Barnes said. "Steve, you have to," and Steve said, faintly, "No," and then again, "No," even as Barnes was dragging him down the corridor to Peggy Carter's room.Now Natasha saw why Barnes needed her help: he had his hands full wrangling Steve, nothing left in him for surveillance or defense. Natasha glanced at the duty-nurse—Steve clearly wouldn't be able to keep up his part in the deception for long—and so she put on a look of bored, slightly beleaguered tolerance and went over to the nurses's station and braced her elbows on the counter."Hey," Natasha said, smiling wearily in greeting, and then she jerked her head towards Barnes and Rogers and said, "Doctor Monroe bringing one of Carter's grandsons in to see her." It was the first story that had occurred to her. "Kid supposedly just flew in from Iraq," she elaborated with a shrug.The nurse looked over at Steve and nodded sympathetically. "PTSD?" she asked quietly."Yeah. A little bit," and Natasha'd said it just to say it, but of course the nurse was right: it was true.Ba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peggy's Funeral
Shop Cat Never Shows Her Face
George and Gracie

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

