Chapter 1: Daddy Talk
    




Chapter Text
“What the hell are you doing?” Dean asked you.You looked up from your crawling position on the floor. Dean Winchester couldn’t believe what he was seeing. His mate on the floor of the bunker and was crawling with his one year old child. He couldn’t help but laugh at this situation. His son who looked everything of the Dean Winchester.“Crawling,” you said the obvious which caused him to give you this ‘look’. You bit back a laugh and sat on bottom. “I’m bored so I decided to crawl with my son,” you said.“Crawling?” he shook his head. And to make this better, it was your outfit as well. Sleep shorts and his flannel that was wide open showing your black sports bra. God, he thought to himself. He couldn’t believe how hot you can look in just that.“Why dontcha crawl with us, daddy?” you teased him but something about you saying ‘daddy’ did something to him. Dean squirmed in his seat.“Babe, Junior is right there,” he pointed out.“How bout we make another one,” you said. Dean was taken of guard. His brain just froze. “I’m kidding,” you said. You picked up your little son who was now crying for your attention. Dean swears that his son is an alpha and hopes. His son never liked it when your attention was anywhere but him. Dean calls him his little cockblocker which you reprimand Dean for even calling your son that. It took you forever to wean him to bottle milk which Dean said, “He likes your tits. Like father like son,” which he slapped him playfully on the arm for even saying that.“Say ‘Deanie is a meanie’,” you said to your son. He has been saying gibberish and you swore that he was wanting to say Dean but it was just ‘Dee’. Dean almost went to tears that his first kind of real word was his name. But you was not happy with that. You wanted your son to call Dean, Daddy so you been calling him that lately which irked Sammy but turned on Dean a bit.“Dee!” your son shouted.“Dontcha pay no attention to Mama,” Dean said to his son as he actually crawled towards the both of you.“Say, Daddy,” you kept saying to Junior.“Maybe you should say that tonight,” he whispered in your ear.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Dean Winchester/Reader
Bucky/reader
Sherlock Holmes/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Deadpool/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
George Weasley/OFC
Sirius Black/Reader

freeform: 
daddy!dean
father - Freeform
Bunker
son - Freeform
daddy - Freeform
Alpha/Omega
Alpha!Dean
omega!reader
lazy sunday
Hair Braiding
Bucky Feels
Alpha!Sherlock
Alpha Sherlock
daddy!sherlock
Daddy Sherlock
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Can't Cook
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Blushing Steve Rogers
Demon Dean Winchester
Dean Winchester Bears the Mark of Cain
Mark of Cain
Hurt Dean
Dead Dean Winchester
Dean Has Sex
Parent Tony Stark
Reader-Insert
Pregnant Reader
Awesome Natasha Romanov
foot in mouth
Daddy!Clint
Alpha Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Post-Deadpool (2016)
Wade Has Issues
Twisted and Fluffy Feelings
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Alpha!Wade
Alpha Wade
alpha deadpool
Young Dean Winchester
Kid Dean Winchester
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Stark Angst
Tony Is Not Helping
Doctor Bruce
Unplanned Pregnancy
POV George Weasley
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
Deadpool being Deadpool
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Christmas Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bad Cooking
Sweet Vision (Marvel)
Making Out
Ice Skating
Vaginal Fingering

fandom: 
Dean Winchester/Reader
Bucky/reader
Sherlock Holmes/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Deadpool/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
George Weasley/OFC
Sirius Black/Reader

