Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky finds himself at the grocery store on a Saturday afternoon when he finally admits to himself that he is, indeed, out of food. He avoids the store on Saturdays since it’s always so crowded, one thing. It was filled with screaming kids and families of all kinds. After his workout session at the gym, he made himself go since he could not live on days old take out and rotten fruit no matter how hard he tried to tell himself that he could. He sighs, pushing his cart away from the throng of people so he can go through his list. Bucky checks off what he has already gotten and looks at what he still needs; bananas? Check. Nutella? Not needed, but he put it into his cart anyway.
 He makes his way to the cereal aisle, debating on if he wants to buy cereal for a man his age, containing all that healthy crap they advertise on TV, or finally convince himself that Trix are in fact for adult. Before he can make that decision, however, he feels a small tug on his shorts. Looking down he finds a little boy smiling up at him with expectant eyes. He has shaggy dirty blonde hair, chubby cheeks, and brown eyes adorned his small face, wearing a gray t-shirt with a T-rex on it, navy cotton shorts, and beat up black converse.
 “Hi!” the little boy grins cheerfully.
“Hello” Bucky utters back awkwardly.
Bucky looks around to see he could find this little kid’s parents, but it was just him and the kid in the aisle. Not to mention this kid looked to be on a mission, and Bucky looked like an animal trapped in a corner.
“I’m Matt what’s your name?” He looks at Bucky quizzically.
“My name is Bucky” Bucky replies hesitantly.
The little boy snickers into his hand childishly, “that’s a silly name.”
Bucky just gives the kid an awkward smile, looking for a way out of the situation. Why did his cart have to be all the way over there?
 “Are you single?”
“I’m sorry?” Bucky is taken aback by the question, now desperately trying to reach around the boy for his cart, feeling discomfort in the entire situation.
“Are. You. Single?” Matt says slowly, as if trying to say this two a two year old.
“Yes?” Bucky says, but it comes out more like a question.
“That’s great!” Matt exclaims happily.
“What’s great?” Bucky asks, shaking his head in confusion as he finally reaches his cart, only to be stopped by the little boy once more.
“One more question. Promise.” Matt crosses his heart, looking up at him with childlike curiosity. “Do you like boys?” Matt asks with an expectant look on his face.
He could feel his eyes widen comically, disbelief taking him over entirely. “What?” Bucky chokes out, “I don’t think that’s an appropriate question to be asking people.”
Matt places his hands on his hips, an exasperated look written across his face. “It’s a simple yes or no question,” he sassed, staring at Bucky intently.
The man holds his hands up in mock surrender “fine, I do. Why?”
Matt’s face lit up. “Great come with me.”  
 Before Bucky could say anything Matt grabs Bucky’s hand and drags him to the next aisle. At the end of the aisle Bucky sees a blonde man with broad shoulders, a very tight fitting blue t-shirt and nicely fitting jeans. He can only assume the blonde is looking for his kid by the frantic moving of his head.
“Daddy over here.” Matt exclaims proudly, still holding Bucky’s hand.
The blonde turns around grabbing his chest and sighing with relief only to frown. “Matthew Joseph Rogers you know better than to walk away from me and go wandering by yourself,” the blond man says angrily.
 Bucky takes a good hard look at the blonde man before him, and he certainly doesn’t hate what he sees. The man before him is couple of inches taller than him, short spiky blond hair, beautiful blue eyes, and very nice pink lips adorned his features. His muscles and make Bucky want to cry, he definitely doesn’t miss a works out. Not to mention his backside isn’t so bad either. 
“But Daddy I found you a date” Matt whined. Still holding Bucky’s hand he raises both their hands “This is Bucky he’s single and likes boys too. Isn't that great?” Matt looks earnestly at his father.
The blonde man’s eyes widen in disbelief, and he looks at Bucky with a mortified expression “Oh my god I am so sorry if my son bothered you and drag you all the way over here.”
 
“Its fine really. It’s not everyday you get the third degree by an adorable kid asking about your relationship status and your gender preference,” Bucky replies with a smirk.
The blond man can’t help but chuckle at that retort, “Again I apologize Steve Rogers.”
 Steve sticks out his hand and Bucky lets go of Matt’s hand and gives it a firm shake. Bucky takes note of Steve’s hand there a little rough but really warm.
“Bucky Barnes.” He smiles at Steve and Steve smiles back at him shyly. They both are still shaking hands and eyeing each other trying to be subtle, about checking the other one out when Matt breaks them out of their trance.
“So are you going on a date or not?!” Matt asks with a hopefu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Parent Steve
Fluff
First Meetings
Meet-Cute
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Grocery Shopping
Parent Fic
Stucky - Freeform
bucky pov
Kid Fic
Attempt at Humor
Funny
First Dates
POV Steve Rogers
Cute
First Kiss
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Awesome Sam Wilson
alternative universe
AU
Parent AU
Teacher Steve Rogers
Teacher Bucky Barnes
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Sweet
Lovey-Dovey
Bucky and Matt bonding time
Marriage Proposal
Sexy Times
whip cream and chocolate sauce
Shower Sex
Making Love
Love
Declarations Of Love
five year olds are good at keeping secrets
tears of happiness
Fluff and Humor
Stucky parent fic
Stucky kid fic
Wedding Planning
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Natasha is their wedding planner
Natasha is Bucky's best man?
Matt's got a crush on a certain redhead
Bachelor Party
Wedding
Wedding Night
Wedding Fluff
Clint Barton wedding security
Wanda and Pietro are his team
Bucky has annoying ex that can't take a hint
Dum Dum officiates the wedding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

