Work Text:
When he wakes up, he’s surprised.The last memory Steve has is the percussive force of the crash knocking him out of his chair and the water rising, so cold it burns. Now, however, he’s in New York, standing in the circle of light cast by a lamp overhead. He leans against the lamppost for a second, looking around wildly. He feels as though he should be winded or weak - surely a plane crash would leave some damage - but in truth, he feels fine.A couple of teenagers turn onto the street, laughing together. They walk briskly toward him, the girl’s skirt twirling around her knees as the boy pulls her along.“Excuse me,” Steve says as they approach, but they don’t look at him or answer. “Uh, excuse me?” he repeats, a little louder, but again they ignore him. Steve frowns, but instead of going after them and forcing the issue, he crosses the street where a newspaper sits discarded, the date printed on at the top.Steve thinks back and counts the days, gasping in a breath when he realizes that it’s only been a week. This is the night he’s supposed to meet Peggy, which means that he can still make their date. It’s a fair few blocks away, though, and Steve sets off at a run.The streets get more crowded as he runs, so it can’t be too late yet. He dodges through the various pedestrians, but no one pays him any mind. All he can think about is Peggy’s smile when she sees him, how she’ll probably give him hell about being late even though she’s so happy that she doesn’t care one bit. How they finally have time to dance.He’s still in his uniform, minus his helmet and shield, but the staff lets him through without comment. For all he knows, the war is over, and bedraggled, uniformed men returning to their ladies is commonplace now. He certainly hopes so.He moves through the rooms, looking through the dim lighting and pall of smoke until he finds Peggy. She’s sitting at a small table next to the dance floor, an untouched martini in front of her. She’s wearing a deep blue dress that makes Steve’s breath catch at how beautiful she is. It’s everything he dreamed of in the cold nights when the war felt too close for sleep.He walks over, but she doesn’t look up, even when he’s standing right next to the table. He smiles and clears his throat, anticipation bubbling through him. “Peggy?” he says when she doesn’t look up from where her fingers are clenched around a napkin. “Peggy, it’s me, Steve,” he tries. The band changes songs into a slow waltz, perfect for a first dance.Confusion and dismay join the anticipation he was feeling, unable to imagine Peggy being so mad that she’d ignore him. Hell, the last time she’d gotten upset, she’d shot at him. Steve reaches for her hand, but instead of making contact with her skin, his hand passes straight through, as if nothing were there.Steve jerks back and stares at his fingers. He rubs his hands together, but they feel solid. He reaches out again, this time not pausing until his wrist has disappeared through the top of the table. “Peggy,” he says, even though by now he’s realized that she can’t hear him, “something is very wrong.”He hears a tinkle of china and turns. A waiter is approaching behind him with a tray of plates, but Steve doesn’t have time to move out of the way before the man walks right through him. He doesn’t feel anything physically, but the reality of the situation sweeps through him. He goes weak in the knees and collapses into the empty chair across from Peggy.He doesn’t understand how this happened, but it’s pretty clear what’s going on. No one can see or hear him, and he can’t touch anything. “I’m dead, aren’t I, Peggy?” he whispers, because the words are so big in his head that he needs to say them out loud. “I’m nothing but a ghost.”Steve forgets after a while and tries to take Peggy’s hand again, but it doesn’t work any better than the first time, and he pulls away.“Madame,” a waiter asks, “Can I get you anything else?”“No, no, thank you,” Peggy says, the smile on her face a weak copy of the one Steve hoped to see. “I’m fine, yes, thank you.” When he leaves, she calmly wipes a tear off her cheek.Steve sits across from her and watches.*He follows Peggy around after that, because he doesn’t know what else to do.It’s clear that he’s dead and turned into a ghost. He just hopes that he doesn’t turn into a danger to other people, like in the stories Bucky used to tell him. He couldn’t stand that.He spends an entire week trying to communicate with Peggy. Touching doesn’t work, and the sight of his hand passing through her unnerves him. Obviously writing or moving things is out. She can’t hear him, no matter how loud or soft he is.He finally gives up but does learn a lot about what he can and cannot do. For example, he can sit on a chair and have it support him, but if he tries to move it, he passes right through. He can lean against a closed door, but he can’t make it open. He figures it must be all in his head, since he doesn’t have a body.“Peggy, none of this mak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Original Female Character
Tony Stark/Original Male Character
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Angst
Character Turned Into a Ghost
Canonical Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence
Accidental Voyeurism
Getting Together
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
First Kiss
First Time
To clarify the relationship tags:
the focus is on the relationship between Tony and Steve
But the ladies are important and their relationships genuine
POV Steve Rogers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Original Female Character
Tony Stark/Original Male Character
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

