Work Text:
"Five days," Steve says as he gazes across the lights of the city.  He rests his arms on the railing in front of him, rests his chin on his arms.Sam says, "Okay," in a tone that conveys that he doesn't know what he's saying okay to."I went to that lunch with Pepper today, the one for the charity that gets medicine to kids who need it, and I was talking to one of the doctors and she told me five days, now, that's all it takes to cure scarlet fever.  One pill, once a day, for five days, and you're fine."  As the doctor had talked to him, Steve had seen Bucky out of the corner of his eye but when he turned, no one had been there.  He doesn't mention that part to Sam."Yeah, they're called antibiotics," Sam says.  "What, they didn't have..." his voice trails off and he sits next to Steve on the bench and sighs.  "They didn't have antibiotics in the 40s?""We did in the military," Steve says.  "They couldn't give you much in case it shut down your kidneys, but if the choice was that or losing your leg, well."  He shrugs.  "Must have been '26 or '27 when I got sick, though.  Maybe the Germans had something by then, but we didn't.  You ever have scarlet fever?"Sam shakes his head."It starts in your throat, like an itch, and as your fever starts to climb, your tongue swells up and turns white and that's when they know, really, even before the rash, that it's scarlet fever.  You can't swallow, it hurts so much.  You're freezing and your joints ache and your fever keeps spiking and you start to hallucinate.  I, uh, I thought things were crawling on me and there were voices that I didn't recognize whispering things that didn't make any sense.  My mom had to fight me just to get me to drink broth, but I threw it up most of the time, anyway.  Then I got pneumonia from being so worn down from the scarlet fever and I was so lucky, Sam.  Nobody seems to understand how I lucky I was to make it through.  Talking to people today, to make them understand I'd have to tell them I survived bird flu only to fall sick with Ebola."Sam lets out a long, concerned breath."And once I was better, once I survived, we didn't even know it but the worst part was happening under the surface.  I looked healthy, but scarlet fever messes with your body's immune responses, and my body started attacking itself.  I was fine and then my stomach started to hurt, my ankles started to swell, then my knees, then my hips.  I got another rash, curved like snake scales.  It hid it from my mother as long as I could, but I couldn't hide the way I couldn't ever catch my breath anymore, and she caught me pressing on my breastbone more than once, trying to stop the pain."  He laughs, short and sharp.  "I thought I was being so brave.  I thought I was protecting her, that I had to because I was the man of the house.  I was eight."Sam shrugs.  "Eight's a good age to get a job down at the factory."  He pauses.  "Please don't tell me that you got a job in a factory when you were eight because I'm going to feel like an asshole.""I wasn't supposed to make it to twelve," Steve tells him.  "Then I wasn't supposed to make it to eighteen.  Wasn't supposed to make it to twenty five.""And look at you, now," Sam says.Steve nods and gazes out towards the darkness of the East River and the lights of Queens beyond it.  "I wouldn't have made it to thirty.  I barely made it to twenty five.  My valves just didn't work right, had been too damaged, my heart muscle had been too damaged to ever work right.  It was just a matter of time before it gave out.  And now nobody even knows what rheumatic fever is anymore because if you get scarlet fever, they give you pills for less than a week and you're fine."Sam's silent for a moment, then he says, "That's a good thing, Steve.  Like, I'm sorry you had to go through that, but--""I'm not angry about it," Steve says.  "Thank God there's a cure.  Thank God for antibiotics and vaccines.  I'm not angry about it, I just keep wondering, you know.  What would I have been like if it hadn't taken me down like that?  What if my heart had pumped enough blood and oxygen to let me grow like other guys?  How tall would I have been?  Would I have loved art as much as I did if I'd had the ability to play stickball instead?  Would I have scrapped as hard and as often?  I mean, I'm no fan of talk therapy, but I'm self-aware enough to know I did it to prove a point, to prove that even though I looked small, I wasn't small.""You mean Captain America wasn't too good for something as ungentlemanly as fisticuffs in a back alley?"Steve laughs and leans back, laughs long and hard, then slumps against Sam's side and actually says, "Whew," which sets Sam to laughing."I always thought that was bullshit," Sam says after a while."Hmm?""The whole thing where you got 4F'd over and over again because you weren't fit enough to serve.  I figured it was wartime, they'd take anybody they could get, but they really wouldn't take you, would they?  They're lucky you survi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon-Typical Violence
Mental Health Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Angst
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
BAMF Natasha
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

