Work Text:
Steve could only conclude that someone out there thought they were hilarious. It was the only possible reason for their most recent opponent to be sprawled on the floor of their de-facto headquarters-cum-house in a broken looking heap, more ragged and bloody than he’d been even after Bruce had slammed him into the floor a few times.Steve wasn’t sure whether to yell for help or…something else. “Um,” he said, eloquently. And then Loki shuddered mightily. “Fools,” Steve heard him rasp. “Will crush you if- don’t touch me, stay away-”It occurred to Steve that perhaps this was a bad sign. Anything that could put something of an Asgardian’s caliber – which he had gathered by this point was relatively resilient – in this sort of condition might well be dangerous to someone other than Loki. He tensed, wishing for his shield. “What happened to you?” He asked, after a moment where Loki seemed to be simply breathing raggedly and not moving any further. Loki made an incoherent noise that sounded strikingly like a snarl.“Do not speak to me. I need nothing from you,” he spat, trying to drag himself up from the ground, blood dripping from his lips. “I do not-” He choked, going mostly limp, one arm curled around his middle. “Course,” Steve agreed amiably, after a moment. “Nothing at all. I’ll be back with your brother.”The flash in Loki’s eyes was fast, obvious, and utterly terrified. “No,” he said, voice actually clear, “Not-”Steve had never seen Thor pass out, but Loki’s current state looked decidedly like unconsciousness. This, Steve thought with a sigh, was going to be a problem.
Whatever else the Aesir were or were not, carrying Loki felt roughly like carrying any unconscious human being, other than the slightly eerie coolness of his skin and the fact that he was a little bit too tall. Steve did not bother to be too delicate about it. Maybe a little more than otherwise, though. Getting a closer look, the self-proclaimed god-of-mischief looked like he’d been through a meat grinder. Twice. There was a containment chamber on one of the lower levels, he remembered. (Sometimes necessary, in their line of work. For a few different things.) That might work, at least temporarily, while he worked out next steps. While he did the sensible thing and fetched Thor, who would better know how to handle this situation. For all he knew, this could be a ruse. Or it wasn’t and Loki might wake up perfectly healed and on the rampage. Or-He needed to work out restraints of some kind. And then go find some of the medical equipment. (What the heck kind of medicine did Asgardians need anyway? Thor would know. Easy answer.)Except then he thought of the flash of terror on Loki’s face at the very mention of his brother and that was probably justified and…a little bit pathetic. And there was the matter of finding out what had done this to Loki in the first place. Thor would probably wring his younger-adopted-brother’s neck first and ask questions later.Sufficient justification for now. (Idiot, murmured a voice in his head that sounded suspiciously like Peggy, but he ignored it.)Loki was still apparently unconscious when they reached the containment cell, and Steve decided to at least do the service of putting Loki on the bed rather than dumping him on the floor. Then examined him again from a few steps away and sighed. It just didn’t sit right. Evil or not. Leaving someone looking that battered untended. Steve sighed and trooped upstairs to go look for some medical supplies. And something for restraints. He wasn’t a complete idiot.
Loki was awake when he got back down, arms full of bandages and other things and feeling very fortunate that he had not run into anyone on his way through the house. And his shield. In case. “What are you playing at,” Loki snarled. From the cot. He didn’t appear to be attempting to get up. Steve decided that was probably a good sign, as far as his own personal safety went. (And the general personal safety of…most of New York.)“You looked in pretty bad shape, Mr. Odinsson,” Steve said politely. “And you did turn up here. Thought you might need some help.” Loki made a sound somewhere between a snort and a snarl that largely resulted in a spray of dark blood from his nose and mouth. “Come near me and I will flay you alive. Release me.”Steve took a moment to wonder how he was supposed to release Loki and stay away at the same time. He paused, and surveyed the containment structure. “This is durable, but not unbreakable. You have not attempted to get up and you are not restrained. I can only conclude that you are currently unable to use most or all of your abilities, and are injured enough that movement is difficult if not impossible.”Loki made another ugly sound and moved violently as though to rise. Or tried. It ended in rather spectacular collapse and the self-proclaimed god curled into himself, spine bent in a neat curve, and new smears of blood on the concrete flooring. Steve waited a few moments before saying
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
edging toward Steve/Loki sideways
Hurt/Comfort
Loki's a goddamn mess
beating up Loki as an excuse for interaction
this fic says nothing good about me
Whump
self-indulgence at its finest
Post-Movie(s)
Aftermath of Violence

fandom: 
None
