Work Text:
Ten rounds with the punching bags, and the restlessness becomes whole and destructive, something that even Steve's fists can't contain. The sweat beads underneath his eyelids, stinging him, and he swings in tight roundhouse motions, wishing for once that when his knuckles bruise and the skin peels away in flaked layers that it would stay that way. But nothing touched by the Super Soldier Serum ever stays.He was optimistic, maybe. He thought the Avengers would change everything. Not at the beginning, good lord no. In the beginning Steve thought the only thing the Avengers were capable of changing was the shortness of his temper. They were just a mess of big talkers and smug personalities, Stark especially, and Steve's worked with enough unruly teams to know that unruliness come together is results — unruliness in independent pockets, like planets floating in each other's orbits, crashing, is just disaster.Surprisingly he was wrong, but Steve can admit that now. He can also admit that he was wrong when he thought things would be different after. Sure, the Avengers had all split up again, but what did Fury say? That they'd come together again when they were needed. It was a nice idea, a noble idea, and Steve was all for that. Until he realized that 'when they were needed' wasn't going to be anytime soon, and instead of doing something as meaningful as fighting Loki and the Chitauri, he's back to being the skeleton at the bottom of the SHIELD closet."Can I get you anything?" asks one of the agents responsible for supervising him. Her name is Sharon. No last name offered, but her eyes are bright and considering. Steve wonders what she sees when he looks at him. He has no idea, really, but he feels like a machine broken down to its individual parts. Here is Captain America's head, here is Captain America's arm, here are Captain America's feet. Valuable SHIELD property, even though no one comes right out and says it."I'd like to go to the park," Steve decides."Affirmative," Sharon says. "We'll prepare a detachment and an activity package for you right now. Mission parameters will begin at 1300.""No," Steve says. "I mean I want to go to the park. Alone. No activity package. Maybe eat an egg salad sandwich. Throw a few sticks for dogs to chase."She stares at him like he's decided to move to France to become a can-can dancer.Steve thinks, Abort, abort, redefine protocols. 
 He leaves notes when he slips out. He's not that inconsiderate. Of course Sharon and the whole of SHIELD are going to panic when they enter his rooms and find that Captain America has vanished. So he leaves a note right on the bed, tucked against the folded sheets: Out for a little bit, be back later — S. Rogers.It doesn't stop them from using their vast resources and incalculable skill to track him down anyway. Oh for God's sake, Steve thinks, because he's walking through the park or trying to buy tickets to see one of those new-fangled 3D movies, and he's pretty sure landscape art isn't meant to move like that. Or the movie theatre isn't supposed to be crammed with people who all have carefully concealed weapons. He goes to Coney Island, and every time he lifts a hot dog to his mouth, he can feel at least ten different eyes on him. It's starting to creep him out."So what did you do?" Sharon will ask when Steve returns in a bad humour. Steve will give her his flattest, most unimpressed look. His son, you've got too many baseballs knocked into your head look, but it doesn't affect her at all. Her face is pure professional innocence, never mind that he glimpsed her in the crowds when he was visiting the Empire State Building. "I met a really nice gal," Steve says. "I think I'm going to marry her and we're going to run a dog breeding farm in Minnesota with her ten kids.""That's wonderful," she replies without batting a lash.Everything Steve owns comes from SHIELD. It's a scale with two ends, because he knows that he owes his current breathing-walking-existing status to SHIELD too. He can remember the ice, or at least he can remember how it felt to be pulled out, to wake up and feel as cold as the end of days. A false fear, as it turned out, because the end of days didn't come for him after all. The joy he felt then, followed by the loss — this too comes from SHIELD. But it doesn't stop Steve from looking at Sharon and thinking, Give me something to do. I'm going to go mad with boredom.SHIELD wants him to lay low, however. Fury has made that explicitly clear. The Avengers caused both positive and negative backlash, and now it's better for Captain America to go underground for a little while — and besides, doesn't Steve want some more time to adjust to the twenty-first century?Steve thinks if they give him more time to adjust, he's going to adjust something all right, and all of them will regret it. 
 No one wants to say no to Captain America. Which doesn't stop them from doing exactly that the first fifty times he brings it up, but finally 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Road Trip
Friendship
Post-Canon

fandom: 
None
