Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 

A full belly does not make for a chaste spirit.


Saint Catherine of Siena, The Dialogue.

 

  
It's an old game he and Stick used to play. Maybe not a game; something more like a test.
"Tell me what you taste."
Stick bought him an ice cream, the first time, but the game quickly expanded. From plain white rice (so much hiding in something so simple), to jerk chicken from Restaurant Row (Stick would make him pick out every last spice, in order of volume, then list their origins). Every wrong answer meant the swift crack of Stick’s cane across his shoulders or a jab behind the knee.
If he omitted an ingredient, he'd have to keep eating until he got them all—even if he'd already identified after the tiniest bite, say, the soiled band-aid the short-order cook had dropped in the chili and left to stew all day.
"Accuracy is important," Stick would proclaim, tapping his fingers on the table.
Even now, decades later, Matt can hear the sound while he eats: a repetitive staccato vibrating in his skill through every mouthful of chicken cacciatore, vinegar-soaked fish and chips, garlicky street-vendor shawarma.
 

 
The girl's cries resonate through the alley behind the office, bouncing off the brick walls and slipping through the slats of the metal fire escapes before reaching his ears. Matt freezes, one hand wrapped around his half-drunk beer, and listens. He tries to crane his neck ever-so-slightly to pinpoint the source; subtly, so Foggy and Karen don’t notice.
Three blocks away? he thinks, but before he can get a better triangulation on the source the girl's whimpers fade, and he can't quite... CRACK.
The heavy sound of knuckles connecting with jawbone and the girl cries out again, louder, before cupping a hand over her mouth to try and muffle her own sobs. She sounds young, her voice too thin and high to be any older than thirteen or fourteen.
"Matt?" Karen touches his knee.
"Huh?" He whips his head towards her, realizing she's probably just asked him something. "What's up?" He’s still trying to split his attention, between the lively conversation around his coffee table—Karen, sitting on the floor, her cheeks and the tips of her ears glowing hot with happiness and whiskey, Foggy laughing from the kitchen as he clinks ice into a glass—and whatever the fuck is happening half a mile away.
Stop crying. A man's voice, deep and harsh—pack-a-day smoker's rasp to it. Between the weight of that slap and the bass in his voice, the guy sounds big. Did you take his wallet? Answer me. You know that's not how we do business around here. She doesn't say anything, and another slap rings out.
"I said, I missed this," Karen repeats. "The three of us."
Please mister, I didn’t, I swear, please, mister. She’s begging him now. She’s talking fast, but her mouth sounds slow and thick; Matt can’t tell if it’s because she’s talking around the fat lip he’s just given her, or because she’s panicked, or because somebody’s drugged her up to make her more compliant. Maybe it’s a tie between all three.
"Cheers to that," Foggy agrees, settling down onto the couch and raising his glass. "To Nelson & Murdock & Page, reunited and it feels so good. God, we need a better trio moniker than that. The Crime Busting Trio. The World-Changing Champions. Two avocados and their spicy friend-slash-secretary... we're guacamole?"
"You're drunk," Karen laughs, smacking him on the arm. "But thanks for trying to include me."
Quiet, the man barks. Then, speaking to someone else—maybe over the phone? We’ll get you another girl, no charge. Or boy. Anything you want. We’ve got lots of young ones—better than this one. We’ll make this right. We sincerely apologize for the the inconvenience tonight’s events have caused. The prostrating formality sounds stiff but genuine; he doesn’t sound like a muscle, he sounds like a man with equity in the situation.
"I need to do something real fast," Matt says quickly, hoping that Foggy can read the please don’t ask look buried under the nothing’s wrong, I am definitely paying attention to this conversation smile on his face. "Half an hour, tops."
"Do something?" Foggy echoes, confused for a second, before he huffs: "Oh. Tonight? Come on."
"I'm missing something," Karen says, glancing between them. "Am I missing something? Are you two still doing the whole keep-Karen-out-of-the-loop thing again, cause”–
The man's phone rings. Hello? Yeah, it's been dealt with. Yeah. Yeah, trust me, won't happen again after I'm done with her. Make sure the other girls hear about it, too.
“You’re both drinking me out of house and home, and I need a walk, so I’m going to pick up booze and tacos. Tequila—you like tequila, right Karen? It’s celebratory.” He sets his still-half-full beer down on the table with a practiced I-don’t-know-quite-there-the-table-is-oh-there-it-is. It feels weird to put on the blind theatrics for Foggy—whenever he does, he can sense the look Foggy shoots him: you know very well where the table is, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Claire Temple

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Human Trafficking
Matt will never admit to Catholic Guilt
Broken Senses
Food Issues
Self-Destruction
Religious Guilt
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
References to Offscreen CSA

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Claire Temple

