Chapter 1: Domesticity; in which everything is questioned
    




Chapter Text
It was all very domestic, Peter thought, as he watched his lover (ex-enemy/spandex guy/crazy mercenary with a soft spot for the tex-mex side of Mexican food) rifle through their mail. It was a good day. Spiderman and Deadpool had caught some really stupid bank robbers the night before (tried to rob an ATM for God sake. Who does that? Not to mention that they were armed with water pistols and wore pantyhose for masks. The flesh colored ones. You could totally see their faces) and it had been easy and fun to team up with his boyfriend. The banter was a constant comfort, and all together it was just warm and light to hear Wade screaming about halibut as Peter webbed a guy’s face to a wall. It was the best kind of date.
And then they made out on the roof of their apartment, their masks riding up to just above their noses, and it was greedy and sloppy and Peter could feel his blood running hot beneath his skin, and his last really coherent thought went into swinging them both down into their bedroom through an open window before they ended up having completely steamy, spandexy sex as their alter egos on the roof of the apartment of their ‘normal’ egos. Again. But it was all good because Peter then lost any semblance of coherency and had completely steamy, spandexy sex in the comfort of their own bedroom (if not their own bed) and Wade took off his mask all the way which had Peter groaning and coming way sooner than he’d meant to. 
And then round two.
And three.
Four five and six, and then again lazily when they woke up the next morning.
And the best bit was that it was a Saturday, which meant that they could just laze around the house the rest of the day, having languid sex, playing video games, and eating all of the tacos that Wade could order. Peter didn't even have any nagging worries about missing any homework because in some weird twist of fate, all of his professors had decided to go homework-free since it was the weekend before finals week. 
He would regret it later, he knew. He could be studying. Majoring in bio-mechanical engineering was all good, but memorizing everything was hard, okay? And finals were going to be a bitch. But he didn't care, because right now he was too busy admiring Wade as he flipped through the mail (and insulted each one individually, sometimes even going so far as to curse their family in the name of jelly or something equally ridiculous). Because it was domestic and 50s-sitcomish, and also Wade was completely naked except for a pair of thigh-high stockings with little bows on the back of each leg and a garland of laurel leaves he was wearing around his head like he was some Caesar turned prostitute.
“Why the fuck do we gotta pay electricity each month?” Wade complained, gesticulating wildly with a ripped-open envelope in one hand. “We save this damn city, we should get light for free. And why do we need light anyway? Moles can do the whole life thing blind, why can't we?”
Peter blinked and had to force himself to not smile indulgently at his boyfriend. “Well, for one, no one knows we save the city, especially since you usually wreck it more than you protect it,” Wade gave a little pout that pulled his scars into some jumbled, knotted mess. Peter had the sudden urge to kiss each one of them smooth again and then keep going until they were pulled into something equally messy but more delicious and moan-inducing.
“And two, no one else gets exempt from paying bills just because they do their jobs. Even the ones who work for the government. Besides, you have a shit ton of money from all those contracts from before you stopped killing innocents for cash. I like to call it your reformation.”
“For love!” Wade drew the words out in a soft southern-belle sort of falsetto and swooned against the kitchen counter. Then he threw the shredded envelope at Peter’s head. “Why do they call them bills anyway? Did they used to be called Williams and people just thought the name was too long?” He flipped to the next envelope “William!” which he also threw at Peter. “And why do we have to pay for them every month? What made months so important? Why couldn't it have been every day or every week? Every year? Every hour? I don't mean that I'm going to make you go to that paying place every hour on the hour, sweetie Petey, I just want to know – William!” He threw this one at Peter too, “why months? Oh hello—what’s this?”
Wade held up plain white envelope and then flipped it over so Peter could see the giant “STARK INDUSTRIES” printed on it in bold black letters.
Peter sat up straighter in his chair, a frown marring his face. “Is it for you?”
Wade shook his head and Peter’s eyebrows shot up, but before he could confirm that it was then for himself, Wade, for some reason, felt the need to elaborate and started talking again (which was no surprise actually, because he never really shut up). 
“No, because they don't know I live he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Secret Relationship
Established Relationship
Canon-Typical Violence
Humor
Fluff
Here there be bears
The Eating of Tacos
Because Wade
Peter is keeping Secrets
Secret Identity
Misunderstandings
what could go wrong
everything
Snark is beautiful
Sass
Action
Team as Family
Bonding
Alternate Universe
Spideypool - Freeform
Confusion
Canon Compliant
But ignores AoU
Cock-Blocking
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese
Podfic Available
Not copy to another site
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

