Chapter 1: Up in the Air
    




Chapter Text
It had been a long flight from Oslo and Fury wasn't making her day any better."Six weeks?" Jane said, barely keeping her voice below a shout. "Six weeks he's been back? And no one bothered to tell me?" "Your relationship with Thor makes you a prime target for Loki, Dr. Foster," Nick Fury said. The panoramic window behind him offered a stark view of New York's shattered skyline - Loki's handiwork, that. "We thought it wiser to keep you out of his sights.""That's no reason you couldn't pick up a phone!""And have you come running out here?""I wouldn't - " Fury's raised eyebrow cut her off. All right, maybe she would have. But still. S.H.I.E.L.D. and their damn high-handedness."I suppose that Tromsø position was set up by S.H.I.E.L.D., too?" she sniped.Fury nodded as if that was perfectly acceptable. "At Thor's request. Not that you wouldn't have merited it anyway, doctor."She'd never met anyone so adept at politely twisting the knife. She wondered if Thor had even thought about calling her, coming to see her... A vision of laughing eyes, full of promise, flashed through her mind. He must have, she told herself. Earth had been under attack; she could hardly blame him for prioritizing the safety of the human race. The ruined buildings outside drew her gaze again and an involuntary shiver crawled down her spine. Loki must be something truly terrifying."I want to see Thor," she said firmly."As soon as we're done here."She meant to insist, now, but he barreled on."We've got work for you, Dr. Foster.""You can't be serious - " After how he'd just admitted to manipulating her?"- Work that no one else can do. You're the world expert on interplanetary travel at the moment. Our only expert."She didn't miss the possessive. "You can't just call me in and send me away whenever you feel like it! Not to mention stealing all my research and equipment and - ""Dr. Foster." Fury placed his hands on the table between them and leaned down towards her. "We are in the firing line here. And by we, I don't mean S.H.I.E.L.D. - I mean humanity. I mean every poor sucker on this planet. We've been passed a live grenade and it's about to blow up in our collective face. So unless you want to sit back and let that happen, yeah, we're calling you in."Her mouth was still open in mid-speech. Fury was tense as a wire; she could see his shoulders trembling with suppressed energy. Behind them, in the distance, a crane turned slowly, starting work on a partially collapsed skyscraper. This guy was even better at guilt trips than Erik. She'd bet money that this wasn't even his real office. It just had the appropriate view."What is it you need me to do?" she said, anger deflating a little.He relaxed the slightest bit. "We need a way to travel between worlds that doesn't rely on the Bifrost. And we need it immediately.""What?" Jane sputtered. "I haven't even figured out the one Einstein-Rosen bridge we know exists yet and now you want me to start building one from scratch? The Bifrost probably took years or decades to build, maybe centuries, and we don't have anywhere near the kind of energy it would take. Not to mention the computing power for the calculations and the materials, what is it even made of, how do we stabilize it, and and and!" She threw her hands up."We don't need a bridge. We just need transport - to Asgard. Any kind. A portal, a wormhole, hell, I'll take a spaceship at this point.""I don't even know if it's possible," she said, mind racing. A way to travel between worlds without using an Einstein-Rosen bridge?"Oh, it's possible. Someone's done it and," Fury cracked a grim half-smile, "we just so happen to have him in our custody."There was really only one person that could be. One person who could make the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. pull that face. Cold dread suddenly made her palms feel clammy. But at the same time, the old familiar excitement began to tingle. Access to the knowledge of a fantastically advanced civilization - from a real expert, no less - entirely new fields of physics, the opportunity to create Earth's own pathway to the stars, not dependent on anyone else - "Wow," she said. "Feels like I've just been asked to cure cancer by working with... Dr. Mengele or something."Fury barked a rueful laugh. "Tell me about it." His smile was tired this time. "This is our highest priority project. You'll have all S.H.I.E.L.D.'s resources at your disposal - labs, funding, staff, more coffee machines than you can shake a stick at. Access to everything we know about Asgardian tech. The highest security clearance. And a direct line to me if you need anything else."And just like that, they'd reeled her back in.

***
Twenty minutes later, someone finally came to escort her to Thor. It took six hours, several forms in triplicate, and a helicopter journey. By the time she and Agent Hill jumped down out of the helicopter onto a huge flying fortress somewhere over the North Atlantic, she was exhauste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster/Loki
Loki & Thor
Death (Marvel)/Thanos

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Redemption
Love Triangles
Worldbuilding
Teamwork
Suspense
Angst
Minor Character Death
Sexual Content
Novel
Plot Twists
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Realm Hopping
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Ásgarðr | Asgard (realm)
Ragnarok
Magic and Science
Brothers
POV Multiple
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki Angst
Loki Lies
Loki Redemption
Prophecy
Identity Issues
Personal Growth
Uneasy Allies
Torture
Enemies to Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster/Loki
Loki & Thor
Death (Marvel)/Thanos

