Work Text:
Bruce.
When Natasha finally caught up with Bruce and persuaded him to return to America – under SHIELD’s watchful eye, of course – the first thing he asked, as he entered the secure compound, was whether he could take a look at the newly thawed out Super Soldier.  So much for National Security, she’d thought, but there was something about the glint in the scientist’s eye that suggested his interest in Captain America was more than just a trifling one.
At first the lower level agents denied him the opportunity, but once word reached Steve of Banner’s predicament and of SHIELD’s interest in his participation in the Avengers initiative, his request was quickly adhered to.  The Captain was nothing if not magnanimous and he offered himself up for everyone to consume as they wished – so why should a man with severe anger management issues be any different?  Perhaps it was because he was from a more romantic age, perhaps it was because he genuinely cared for people’s wishes, or perhaps he just realized his image was the key to controlling a group of civilians, either way no one was ever left wanting in Steve’s company.
But Bruce’s reaction was by far the strongest Natasha had observed.  Sure, she knew they were all guilty of hero worship to a certain degree – even her -, but Banner looked upon Steve as though the blond was his own personal savior.  In fact, if Natasha had not seen it with her own eyes she might have found the reaction unbelievable, but she was pretty sure that Bruce fell in love with Steve the very first time he saw him.
She had watched in fascination as the shorter man’s pupils grew wide and a grin stretched across his usually tense features.  It was hard to imagine such a reaction to be anything other than love at first sight – and it certainly wasn’t only because Steve was the only man whose genetic sequence might hold the key to a cure for Bruce’s Hulk problem.  The scientist seemed to come alive as they spoke in soft tones, as though Steve’s potential for greatness was reflected back through him.
“I can’t tell you how good it is to meet you, Captain Rogers,” he said honestly, voice hitching as he did and proffering his hand, but if Steve noticed anything untoward he certainly wasn’t about to comment on it.
“It’s a pleasure to work with you, Doctor Banner,” Steve grinned in response, firmly shaking Bruce’s hand before closing another hand over it with a gentle smile.  “I just hope I don’t disappoint you.”
Natasha could practically see the stars in the Doctor’s eyes and it only got worse from thereon out.  As Clint had so delicately put it, Bruce ‘practically creamed’ every time Steve walked into the room, and while Natasha was nowhere near that tactless, she found it hard to dispute the accuracy of the description.
 

*************************

 
Fury.
Okay, so Fury wasn’t exactly an Avenger but that didn’t stop him falling in love with Captain America.  As Clint observed, (once again, and the fact that he was so observant was probably because of his own affection for his commanding officer), rather crassly one evening after a few too many drinks, the Colonel “pops a boner every time the Cap turns up.”  The archer might have been a man of very few words but most of the words he uttered tended to lower the tone.  Although, that didn’t prevent his, somewhat inappropriate, description of his General’s affections being correct.
Of course, Clint chose to make just about everyone else aware of his - annoyingly astute - observations.  This in itself was not an issue.  Or at least not until, the rest of the Avengers started to document their own findings concerning the brief wave of pure affection that descended over Fury’s features whenever Steve made an appearance.  Stark’s constant smirks grew attention from the General, as did Natasha’s vaguely amused eyebrow arch, both of which ultimately caused Clint to snigger – and suffer a week of survival training for his trouble.
Although Clint’s punishment was severe it didn’t stop the rest of the team from noticing.  
Coulson, after all, had not been privy to the archer’s comments, but it was clear from the slight tug at the corner of his mouth when Fury clapped Steve on the shoulder, or when Steve convinced Fury to adhere to his wishes, that the director’s crush had not escaped his attention.  This was a fact that only managed to further amuse those Avengers who were privy to the whispered conversations concerning the ‘Super Fury’ relationship dynamic.
Thor was unaware what the meaningful looks between his teammates meant, (largely because he was about as subtle as a very large brick falling into a very quiet pond), since he probably would have let slip to Fury and earned them all a week of unwanted survival training.  However, that didn’t stop him from laughing along, loudly, following the briefings when Fury’s penchant for a certain super-soldier was particularly obvious.
Steve, of course, seemed completely unaware that he was the object of F
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Five Times
Unrequited Love
Everyone loves Steve

fandom: 
Nick Fury/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor

