Work Text:
"I'm in love with you."It comes as a shock, and when the words sink in they make Tony's chest hurt a little and his head spin. He knew that the conversation had been heading in this direction for a while now -- the fumbling, stuttering and blushing had been a great clue-in -- but that did not make him any more prepared. These things don't happen to him."No, you're not," is his instant reply; that is ridiculous, no one falls in love with me, is what he wants to say, but that sounds a bit too self-depricating for his tastes, so he refrains.Steve, who just a few seconds ago had this whole -- blushing school boy going on, raises an eyebrow. Frowns, looks unsure for a moment or two, then sceptical. Not nervous any longer, at least."Yes, I am," he replies."Nope." Tony shoots back and turns around, turns back, glances at his hands and realises that they're unoccupied and they just can't have that, can they, so he picks up his tablet, but he's in the middle of something that requires at least two thirds of his brain, so he puts it back down again and picks up the robotic Rubik's cube he built the other day."I'm pretty sure that I am," Steve says, looking torn between amusement and worry."No, you see, no," Tony keeps his eyes trained on the cube -- had he installed an AI in it? Huh, apparently he had, because it was chattering to itself and rearranging itself constantly, twisting around, lines of blue switching places with green and red -- and tries to ignore his chest. There's not actual pain there, he tells himself, because he doesn't have any broken ribs and the reactor is doing its job just fine, so his chest shouldn't feel so constricting. He's fine, the pain is only in his head and it's there because Steve is delusional, right. Right."You are most definitely not in love with me, Cap, what you are experiencing is called cabin pressure," Tony explains, because he has a rational train of thought and he's met enough shrinks to have figured out their tactics by now. "And possibly, you know, sexual frustration, because it doesn't matter at all that you're, like, America's national icon, Fury still won't let you out. I know that, I see that, I acknowledge your pain, I feel with you, Cap, believe me, I do. And I get it, because I am a very good-looking fellow and we spend a lot of time together, stuck in this tower, and it's easy to--""I am," Steve cuts off, equal parts amused and frustrated and concerned. "In love. With you. Tony, I'm in love with you. There's a lot of stuff I don't know about this time and place, but I do know that I'm in-- that I love you, okay, I know that much. I've never been more sure about anything in my life."The Rubik's cube bites Tony's thumb; Tony yelps and lets go off it, curses wildly as it moves -- it doesn't roll, it doesn't walk: it trudges around by switching around different sides, it's incredibly fascinating, actually -- down the table and then falls to the floor.  He puts his injured thumb in his mouth and glares after the cube."You're not in love with me," Tony tells Steve, finally, with a tone that clearly states that this conversation is over, so he adds, "This conversation is over.""Okay," Steve replies, but he doesn't look particularly down-hearted or dissuaded. More like challenged, like he has an interesting mission ahead that he can't wait to dive into. It's slightly disconcerting. "I am still in love with you, though.""Nope, you're not," Tony says, even as Steve leans forward and kisses his cheek softly, before turning around and leaving the workshop. Tony's chest hurts and there's something in there that resounds with the beat of Steve's steps, that aches after the smell of Steve. "So totally not in love with me."---Steve is not a quitter, he is the most stubborn guy Tony has ever met, so Tony should have expected Steve to... well, not give up.Tony has been awake all night -- since the Rubik's cube, he's been kind of curious about moving patterns of somewhat unconventional shapes and he couldn't just stop testing things and theories and when he'd started he just came up with more ideas, it was a bit of a vicious circle, so, well -- and he's been in his own little world, so he hasn't noticed anyone stopping by.But when he's heading to the kitchen, he stops by the door to his workshop, with a hand on the handle; there's a note taped taped to the glass on the other side of the door, faced so that Tony can see the text and there's no way he can miss it. It says:
Clint locked my phone and I can't figure out how to unlock it, so I couldn't text you.

Do you want to go out to dinner with me tonight? Or breakfast, or lunch, if that better suits your fancy.

Love you!

Sincerely,

Steve
The letters are tall and in cursive; the writing is fine and looks weirdly out of place on a neon pink post-it note. Who wrote it would be pretty obvious even without the signature at the end; Tony buries his face on one hand, places the other hand over the arc reactor.Steve is still you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov (background)

freeform: 
The one where Steve's in love with Tony but Tony doesn't believe him
I Don't Even Know

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov (background)

