Chapter 1: Steve Receives an Awkward Assignment, and Bucky Unknowingly Locks Into Place Both of their Fates
    




Chapter Text
Thursday, 12:03pm, Central Park.Steve’s fingertips are covered in charcoal, but he forgets this as he reaches up and brushes away whatever’s landed on his cheek. The little bit of leaf that had come twirling down from the tree above him falls to the ground, and he goes back to his work. The drawing of his mother is taking form, and he’s moving to the body after finishing the face, before he starts on the hair. The effect is haunting, and all-too familiar, to the time just before the cancer took her life, when the chemotherapy had taken her hair. Steve’s fingers squeeze the charcoal tightly, as if their shaking could be stopped if he can only hold tight enough. He draws his mother in the dress they buried her in.A young boy walks by holding his mother’s hand, and Steve bitterly looks away, wondering what he’s done that God would punish him like that. Was he not already unhappy enough? Was he not suffering? The assignment was to draw his hero, an utterly cliché assignment and one all-too fitting for his first class back after taking two weeks of absence to grieve his mother’s death and figure out how he was going to live now. He had moved all of his things to Natasha and Sam’s apartment and crammed himself into their living room. He’d stretched a sheet over their sofa and called it a bed; Sam had insisted that he didn’t mind trading his double bed for bunk beds so they could both sleep in his room, but Steve preferred his own space.Neither Natasha nor Sam pointed out that the living room was the opposite of his ‘own space.’It’s proven difficult, living with Sam and Natasha. The two of them have so much sexual tension that Steve finds it awkward just to sit in the same room as them. They assure him that they’re just friends, and both of them blush hard enough at his accusation that he’s inclined to believe them, as ridiculous as it is. Natasha is a dancer, not that being a dancer means that she’s automatically sexual, but the way she moves her body suggests that she’s more in touch with it than most; when Steve met her in freshman year, she flirted with him and he laughed, and their friendship was sealed in stone.Steve had found it hard to believe, and still would find it hard to believe, that someone like Natasha would be attracted to someone like him. It’s much more likely that she’d be attracted to Sam Wilson, the piano player with the delicate fingers, dark, blemish-free skin, sharp eyes, and beautiful smile, and okay yes, Steve is a little bit attracted to Sam. To both of them, really, but he wouldn’t say it to them. Instead he prefers to live out his days silently indulging in his sexual fantasies in his own mind, never hinting to anyone else that just because he’s short and skinny, it doesn’t mean he doesn’t want it just as badly as everyone else.By now, in the summer term before his senior year of college, Steve has kissed exactly three girls and one boy, touched one pair of boobs, and given a handjob. He’s aware that he leads a perfectly sad existence, especially considering that he wants more so badly. But that’ll have to do for now, since his own happiness has been put on the backburner. It’s time for him to dive into his art, forget pining after people who will never give him the chance, and make a career for himself in the impossible world of art.He checks his watch – he has class in less than half an hour – and carefully puts his drawing pad into his bookbag. He slings it over his shoulder and stands up, stretching a bit, and walks leisurely out of the park. He sticks to the outer limits when he has somewhere to be soon, preferring to venture deeper in when he has entire afternoons to kill. Sunday mornings, too, his friends know where they can find him. He stopped going to church when his mother got sick and couldn’t attend either, instead electing to read her passages from the Bible and lead the two of them in a limited Bible discussion. Now he takes the workbook the two of them were halfway through to a secluded area of the park and lays on his back, holding it above his head, with the green leaves of a tree framing the pages, and forms the words he reads with his lips, sometimes discussing the questions aloud to himself. It’s sad, but no one has the heart to suggest that it’s unhealthy. They aren’t sure if it really is.Honestly, Sam and Natasha aren’t sure what to do about him. It’s only been two weeks and there are no helpful manuals to turn to that will sufficiently answer the question of ‘What do I do when my best friend’s mom has just died of cancer?’ There are plenty of people who have advice on the subject, but most of it is contradictory.Steve can see in their eyes that they pity him but try to hide it. Natasha’s parents are both long gone, and all of the foster parents she’s had have disappeared, leaving her to fend for herself. It’s Sam who picks up the majo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Artist Steve Rogers
sad Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
guitarist Bucky Barnes
Bucky is in an indie rock band
Musician Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - College/University
Fluff and Angst
naked posing
Steve has an awkward assignment
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Sexual Tension
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

