Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first thing Loki notices about Thor is that he seems to never look down at his food or drink, apparently trusting the servants entirely to make sure his cup and plate are never empty for long. It would be almost too easy to poison him.Okay, so it wasn't actually the first thing Loki noticed about his new husband, but it's the first thing that's useful to him.The real first thing was his eyes.- - -The knife in Loki's hand is carved from stone. He can't imagine anyone on Jotunheim making it, given whose comically small hand it was made to fit. He's standing in front of dummy that's just a touch taller than him. His father crouches to the side, giving Loki his usual deeply grim look. It's been a week since he overheard his father's conversation with a few the statesmen. Explaining how he'd found a use for the runt.“You must learn to strike without hesitation, because Odin's son will not hesitate to kill you, understand?”
Loki nods. He grips the knife the way his father showed him.

His father gives him a curt nod back. “Now, I want you to slice his throat on the count of three.”

Loki steps to the back of the dummy, holding his knife tightly, his muscles tensed and ready to pounce.

“One... Two... Three.”

Loki grabs the head of the dummy with one hand, dragging the blade across it's fabric neck with the other. Feathers fall from the ripped fabric like fluffy snowflakes. 

Loki looks over to his father, who gives him a rare smile that makes Loki push his chin out proudly.

“Better. I think I will have your brother's capture some hares for your next lesson. I want you to be comfortable around the sight of blood.”
- - - They sit together on an ornate bench that Loki guesses has some sort of significance to the Aesir. As soon as they sat down at the beginning of the reception Thor had pulled Loki close enough that he was practically in Thor's lap, and since then Thor's hand has been gradually drifting down from Loki's waist to his ass. Even a few hours – and horns of mead – later, Loki is still put off by the feeling of Thor so close to him. It doesn't help that person after person comes up to the table, giving them their blessings and sharing a few lewd jokes with Thor before finally fucking off to get more drunk. The whole thing is noisy and garish that it's giving Loki a headache. To Loki, it looks like the party could very well end in a drunken orgy and, frankly, Loki's not sure he could hide his disgust at seeing a mass of pink, pale bodies... writhing.He's startled when Thor takes notice of his discomfort. His hand moves back to Loki's waist as he leans in to speak in his ear. “Are you well, husband? Do you wish to retire to our chambers now?”Loki shudders and he's not sure if it's from the impossibly deep rumble of Thor's voice or  the hot breath gusting over his skin. His skin prickles either way.“The party is getting to be a bit much, is all,” he says, his reply coming out a bit more breathy than anticipated. Thor smiles, leaning in again to ask, “are the celebrations on Jotunheim not quite so...” He glances out to the lines of tables where their guests(Thor's guests – none of the party from Jotunheim stayed for this portion of the wedding) toss bits of food at one another and spill their drinks as they laugh at jokes. “Ostentatious?”“Yes,” Loki says with a shrug of his shoulder.Thor laughs – not at him, Loki surmises – and gives Loki's waist a squeeze. “Then this must be overwhelming for you. Forgive me for not being a more vigilant husband in ensuring your comfort.”Loki laughs because he thinks Thor is joking, but when he looks back to Thor he finds his expression is actually completely earnest. His laugh cuts off with a small cough and he spits out “you're forgiven” a moment later. Thor smiles and leans in again, his lips brushing the shell of Loki's ear as he speaks. “I'll have to ask you to forgive me for this, as well.”Before Loki can manage to get past the pleasant shiver that goes down his spine and actually process the words Thor said, he is standing and guzzling down the last of the mead from his horn. The crowd cheers at the sight, tipping back their own cups and horns. With some of the mead dripping down his scruffy chin, Thor raises the horn above his head and bellows towards the ceiling as he throws it to the ground, the crowd once again following suit. “Yimir's shriveled balls!” Loki claps his hands over his ears, cringing hard as it only dulls the cacophony. Loki yelps when he's suddenly hefted from his seat just a moment later. Thor holds him with unnerving ease, carrying him around the table and down the center of the massive hall – not once slipping on spilled wine or a broken cup – as revelers cheer and whistle at them.He only sets Loki down when the doors are shut. Loki practically jumps away from him. It's be along day and Loki's patience is thoroughly spent now. He looks down at his stupid, overcomplicated outfit, the white iridescent silk all crumple
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jötunn Loki
Arranged Marriage
Smut
Assassination Attempt(s)
Assassination Plot(s)
Fluff
Falling In Love
Mpreg
laufey is a dick
Thor is a Cinnamon Roll
Intersex Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

