Work Text:
"Bucky?" Steve calls out gently as he steps into the bedroom, searching for his lover that should be sleeping by now.He steps further into the room and smiles when he sees Bucky spread out on the mattress, his face buried in Steve's pillow.The wine red comforter that was leftover from when the penthouse belonged exclusively to Tony, is lying crumpled on the floor where Bucky likely kicked it. The small familiar act makes Steve feel ridiculously warm and fuzzy inside.  Everyday Bucky was a little more himself, everyday it seemed a little more light came into his beautiful blue eyes.  Steve chuckles fondly at the other scattered pillows and blankets, and walks towards the closet, shredding his uniform on the way, searching instead for his favorite pair of sweats. 
After looking for a few minutes and finding nothing, Steve starts to get suspicious and turns towards his sleeping boyfriend to confirm it. His heart melts when he sees that he was correct. Bucky is sleeping peacefully, engulfed in not only his favorite sweats that are several sizes to big for the smaller man, but Tony's favorite Black Sabbath T-Shirt as well. Steve gazes at his adorable solider for another moment and then grabs another pair of sweats and slips them on, wasting no more time and happily crawling beside his lover. 
"S-Stevie? What're you doing here? Everything okay?" Bucky mumbles as Steve's movement jostles him awake. His blue eyes blink up blearily at Steve, a goofy grin on his face as he pulls himself closer and burrows into Steve's chest. His expression is relaxed and open, his eyes gazing up at the super solider with love and amusement. He's just so sweet and perfect and Steve would love to keep him locked up forever where he could protect him, but he represses this urge quickly. Steve has no doubt Bucky would drop kick him if he dared to voice those thoughts. He can hear it now ~ "I'm the Winter Solider, I'm not fucking CUTE Steve!!"~ 
Steve laughs at the Bucky in his head and the one in front of him rolls his eyes, nudging Steve to move. Steve obliges and wraps his arms around Bucky, stroking his hair.  "Our mission finished early, Bruce Hulked out and wrapped it up pretty quick. It was hell Buck, we missed you like crazy." Steve says softly, and Bucky sits up, suddenly alert. 
"What? Bruce Hulked out? He said he was only there in case of emergency, what happened?" His eyes are wide and concerned, his shoulders suddenly tense and Steve silently curses his slip, Tony is going to kill him. 
"Well um, Buck, Tony took a pretty hard hit, went crashing through a building. The light on the reactor went out. We were all terrified, and it caused Bruce to Hulk out, but then Tony woke up and told us the magnet still was working he just had to fix a few wires. He went straight into the lab to fix it and work on his suit,but it still scared the hell outta me Bucky. Out of all of us." Bucky's eyes narrow and he jumps out of bed, dragging Steve behind him. 
"You mean he's trying to work? After that?! He needs to rest!! Does he have any idea how badly he scared you, how that scares me?! Oh he's coming right back up here and spending the next three days in bed!! Does he have any other injuries?! Did he go to medical?! That idiotic, self destructive punk! I swear one of these days...."
Bucky's voice has already taken on that dangerous motherly scolding tone that Steve has been on the receiving end of on too many occasions, and as his fella pulls him into the elevator, he marvels at hearing it directed at someone else. Now that he is no where near in the realm of breakable that he use to be, and is much more qualified to fret over Bucky than the other way around, it seems Bucky has directed his overprotectiveness at their other lover. 
Well this was going to be interesting. 
"Jarvis, Tony's lab please, thank you." Bucky huffs, apparently done ranting. They stand in silence for a brief moment before Steve notices the slight tremors running down Bucky's body and pulls the assassin into his arms. "Shh, shh hey he's fine Buck, he's fine."
Bucky tenses at first and then relaxes into Steve's hold. It was really rare for him to be this... Vulnerable and emotional. It must have been harder on Bucky being left behind for this mission then he expected. 
"I can't lose him Stevie, I can't lose either of you. You're my hold on who I was and he's my..."
"Hope for the future?" Steve finishes for him and Bucky nods. Steve squeezes him and kisses the top of his head. "Mine too. For both of you." 
Bucky gives him one of his rare half smiles and Steve can swear he stops breathing for a moment. Ninety years later and he's still that awkward kid smitten for his best friend.
Bucky chuckles and kisses him on the nose, making Steve blush and whispers, "Still just as adorable too. Love you too, Punk."
Oh. So he said that out loud. Well.
Steve can feel his face getting even redder, but thankfully the elevator opens and that determined look comes back into Bucky'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Injury
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hurt Tony Stark
Steve Rogers loves his boys
Bucky Barnes is a BAMF

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

