Work Text:
The mask bites into his flesh, the sharp edges digging into his jaw and pressing too hard against his lips. It reminds Loki, uncomfortably, of having his lips sewn shut, the miserable story a reflection of what Loki knows to be true. He will never be one of them. The Aesir protect their own, and even as a prince of Asgard, as the son of Odin, he has never been -- will never be Aesir.Even the foolish Midgardian mortals had long known what Loki has only just discovered. Thor pulls him along, more gently than Loki had expected, still playing the part of a concerned and protective elder brother. It's laughable, truly, because in the centuries that Loki has spent by Thor's side, the prince has never expressed concern for Loki's wellbeing. A few days in the company of mortal minds is not enough to change one's nature.Loki knows this.If a thousand mortal years cannot turn a Jotun prince into one of the Aesir, no meager scrapings of hours on Earth could make Thor into anything but the arrogant buffoon he has always been.At least he hasn't been paraded in front of all of Asgard like some defeated enemy, humiliation piled on top of defeat. That is a small consolation.Frigga makes a soft, wounded noise when Loki is shoved to his knees in front of the Throne.Odin stares, his one good eye impassive as Loki kneels in supplication -- no, not supplication, Loki may have been defeated, may be wounded, but he is not about to surrender."Loki," Frigga says, and Loki's eyes snap back to his mother's teary-eyed, pale face. "My son, my darling boy," she says, and after everything that Loki has done he does not expect for Frigga to throw herself at his feet, to kneel beside her disgraced younger child, the foundling she never wanted with tears of gladness in her eyes.Loki gasps. He's not relieved, no, he's anything but that, but he leans forward into the her soft embrace as she cups his face in her hands. The sick metal contraption melts away under Frigga's gentle fingers, disappearing as if it never was."Mother," Loki says, and it's no trouble at all to pull against Thor's hold, to free his arms, to wrap himself around the woman who raised and loved him. "It's good to see you," he murmurs against her cheek, words spoken so quietly that no one else could hear them. He bites down on the welling tide of gratitude that this is something Loki is being allowed, that neither Thor nor the Allfather attempt to tear Frigga away from his arms.If they tried, Loki would kill them."My son," Odin says, gruff.Loki chooses to ignore him, instead carefully gathering his queen and mother into his arms, the chains that bind him clanking against her dress. She places slow, soft kisses on his cheeks, his brow, the lids of his eyes, and Loki holds her close and does not weep at the feeling, the blessed closeness, the solid familiarity of her affection.Odin pontificates in the background, every inch the undisputed king of Asgard. Allfather. Borson. He speaks of lies and trickery and forgiveness, offers Loki the chance to once more be prince of Asgard. Redemption. Of course, Odin Allfather does not offer him love. Loki wouldn't accept it anyway, so he doesn't feel the loss."No," Loki says, when Odin has finally stopped speaking, given him permission to address the court."Loki, listen to reason!" Thor shouts.And ah, yes, there it is. Bitter irony."You listen," Loki replies cooly. His hands are soft, gentle where they lie on Frigga's waist. "Strike these chains from me if you wish it, but know this. I will not seek out redemption, Odin Allfather. I am unrepentant. I am remorseless. I am Loki. I will raze the realm of Asgard to the ground, I will tear out your throat and reduce your throne to bitter ashes. I will destroy you, Odin, I will wreak such havoc and destruction upon you and yours that your shade will spend a hundred thousand years weeping at the losses you will suffer. I will not submit to your justice, I will not submit to the rule of a petty tyrant, a weak-willed coward, a liar and a thief. Free me if you will, Odin, but at your own peril."Finishing his speech, Loki is met with complete, utter silence.Loki stares back at Odin, looking for... for something. Some sign, some flicker of surprise or disappointment. Loki sees nothing on Odin's face, however, no surprise, no grief. Odin's expression is one of acceptance, of resignation.Odin never expected Loki to agree, to be forgiven, to redeem himself.Loki allows himself a small smile.It's his brother who reacts first. Thor steps forward to pull Frigga away, and Loki doesn't fight. He lets Frigga be removed from his unresisting arms. The queen looks, to Loki, like all of the things he would never see on Odin Allfather's face. The things that Loki had never even hoped to see in the King's unwavering gaze.Frigga looks at Loki, and in her eyes he sees sadness, he sees loss, he sees grief... and love. In Frigga's eyes, Loki can see understanding, and for that he smiles again, grateful. She mask
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
One-Sided - Relationship
Unrequited Thor/Loki
Ambiguous or Implied Pairing
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Angst
Manpain
Depression
Canon-Typical Violence
Kidnapping
unlikely friendship
Friendship
Warning: Loki
Loki is a BAMF
Spoilers
Implied Torture
Implied Relationships
Podfic Available
Loki Feels
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki'd
Plotty
Secrets
Scheming
Feels
The Author Regrets Nothing
Villain Loki

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
One-Sided - Relationship
Unrequited Thor/Loki
Ambiguous or Implied Pairing
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

