Work Text:
In hindsight, Tony realizes that he's been having symptoms for weeks, but at the time, he had attributed them to alcohol withdrawal – Steve had finally managed to guilt him into not drinking. Tony hadn't been sober for this long since he was thirteen, and yeah, he had been fine after the first couple of weeks (except for the craving) so it had been strange for physical symptoms to come back after over four months, but Tony hadn't thought about it much. It had just been a little nausea, low blood pressure, that sort of thing, nothing too dramatic.Okay, the eating had been weird. Tony had never been one for much food, but lately he had developed a weird foible for honey-roasted peanuts, and tinned tuna. It had gone so far that one night, Tony had been standing in the kitchen and eating peanuts and tuna in turns and had the brilliant idea to just mix the two, kill two birds with one stone. So he had made a bowl and mixed the tuna and peanuts and eaten both with a big spoon.Later he had been a bit embarrassed by that, but that didn't stop him from doing it again. Though he made sure he didn't have any witnesses, because he really didn't need that. He got teased enough for his eating habits.Loki had been weird too. Usually he sought Tony out every couple of weeks, sometimes more often (and maybe Tony should be ashamed, but it's just sex, it's not like they tell each other any secrets, apart from when Loki wants to ruin some other villain's plans, and anyways, Loki doesn't really count as an enemy anymore anyway), but the last time he had, Loki had left very suddenly. They had lain in bed post-sex, enjoying the aftermath but definitely not cuddling; their bodies just touched because they were too lazy to move, that's all. And suddenly Loki had sat up very abruptly, put one hand on Tony's belly and said, wide-eyed, "Oh." The next moment he had vanished. Tony had been a little put-off about the whole thing (usually they were both up for at least another round after a short break) but who can know what goes on in Loki's brain at any time. It had bothered him way more than he was willing to admit, though, that he hadn't seen Loki since.Things had started to become a bit strange when his teammates had started to look a little peaked. Nobody says anything about it until one morning Clint stumbles into the kitchen, slumps into a chair and groans, "This fucking bug."Steve grumbles in agreement, but Tony looks up. "What bug?""Stomach bug," Clint elaborates."Clint and I have been feeling a bit sick lately," Steve adds.Suddenly Tony remembers his own nausea. It hadn't been bad enough to alert him and it had gotten better already anyway, but yeah, he's been feeling sick. "So you've both been sick for over two months and nobody thought it's strange?" Even as he says it, Tony realizes just how strange it really was."I'm fine," Bruce speaks up, earning himself a couple of nasty glares."I as well am feeling healthy," Thor booms. He's standing in front of the fridge, getting out food that makes the others grimace and hold their bellies. Steve and Bruce have very definite ideas of what counts as breakfast food, and left-over take-out clearly doesn't count. Clint's just overall against food at the moment."Also, what do you mean, two months?" Steve asks, frowning at Tony. "It's been less than a week."Tony tilts his head. Yeah, he maybe should've shut up."Tony, have you been feeling sick in the mornings as well?" Bruce asks, sounding alarmed."For two months?" Steve adds, reprimand clear. Tony should've said something immediately in Steve's opinion, but honestly, it had just been a little throwing up in the mornings, he'd been fine after a couple of hours. If it had been more dramatic he might've said something, but it always went away."If you put it like that it sounds worrying," Tony protests, "but honestly, it's fine. It goes away after a couple of hours, and anyway, it's been getting better lately." As a demonstration, he raises the jar of pickles he's eating out of. Three weeks ago, he wouldn't have been able to even look at food without getting sick at this time of day. The pickles had been earning him nauseated looks ever since he pulled them out of the fridge, but Thor is getting the brunt of those with his Indian take-out and cold pizza."Two months!" Steve says again, the way other people might say "you killed her!". "For over two months you've been feeling sick but you didn't say anything?"This is how they all end up in Bruce's lab, giving up ten milliliters of their blood each, even Natasha, who hadn't been at all happy that she had to interrupt her morning training.Two hours later Bruce comes into the living room, frowning the frown of the deeply confused. "So, Natasha, Thor and I are fine, but Clint, Steve and Tony have significantly enhanced levels of hCG in their blood," he says. There's no such thing as patient-doctor confidentiality for the Avengers. "For men, this usually means they have cancer." He glances
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Hurt/Comfort
Protectiveness
Dysfunctional Family
Translation Available

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

