Work Text:





RUSSIAN ROULETTE: Five Minutes With James Barnes


Interviews with the lead singer of Red Room are notoriously unpredictable, with this mercurial musician’s moods swinging wildly from uncommunicative to outright gregarious. This reporter had the good fortune to encounter Barnes in rare expansive form. 
His band, one of the most popular in the United States, are co-headlining a tour with long-time rivals, Stark Industries, and, last night, they came home to Brooklyn. The highlight of the concert, for many, was when Steve Rogers, lead singer of Stark Industries, joined the formidable pair of Barnes and Natasha Romanov to sing David Bowie’s Let’s Dance. (This reporter didn’t hear what Stark Industries’ de facto leader, Tony Stark, had to say about it but chances are that it wasn’t complimentary, given that the tensions between Stark and Red Room are legendary and the stuff that rockstar myths are made of.) Barnes was born in Brooklyn but his formative years were spent in Russia, where he met Romanov. Sparks flew and, when they were teenagers, they formed Red Room. Though the line-up changes regularly and Barnes and Romanov prefer to employ session musicians, they remain at the core of the band. Their debut album, The Winter Soldier was an overnight success and the follow-up, entitled Widowed has received promising pre-release reviews. 
So, what is it that makes Red Room sing?

Barnes shrugs and lights a cigarette. This reporter is relatively certain he’s breaking New York State Laws but Barnes has never struck one as being anything other than the sort of rockstar to live on the edge. “Same thing that makes everyone else sing, man. Railing against injustices, being too fucking smart for our own good and, I dunno, true love. That’s gotta be there, right?”

And the reports that Romanov and Barnes have more than a professional partnership?

“Aw, don’t get me wrong. Nat is hot, and I mean totally smoking but, no. We, uh, got our own paths to follow.”

There are rumours that he’s been known to play the field, batting for both teams, so to speak. That makes Barnes sit up and he points at this reporter with his cigarette. “You mean, am I bisexual?” He grins. “Yeah, I guess that’s the word for it. But I’ve been with my man for, like, two years now so that’s all academic, right?”

You heard it here first, folks. (And, no, James Barnes has never thrown a television out of a hotel window, with that manner of outburst reserved for Stark Industries’ enigmatic drummer, Bruce Banner.)

Red Room and Stark Industries play May 27, 28, 29 in Manhattan. SOLD OUT
Stark Industries’ second studio album is due for release in September, provisionally titled ‘JERICHO’. 
 ---- “We can't." "See, you're saying no, but this gorgeous, big body of yours is saying yes, yes, yes." The last yes is a moan, or a sigh, or something that makes Steve's insides, and his resolve, melt away. Steve's hands are clamped tight on Bucky's hips, his head tilted away while his eyelids shiver shut. "I swear to god, Bucky, if you give me a hickey, I'm telling the bride." "I think it's Tony you need to worry about," says Bucky, and now he leans back a little, looking at Steve through narrowed eyes, his full lips swollen further by fervent kisses. "He doesn't like me very much." "He thinks you're trying to poach me for Red Room," says Steve, his fingers digging into Bucky's sides, hard enough to hurt."Don't be daft," says Bucky. He dips his head and looks up at Steve from under his eyelashes. "We have me. We have all the frontman we need." He licks his lips and Steve leans in to kiss him, though he's not supposed to, though he said that last time was the last time, though Tony will actually string him up if he finds out. Tony has this thing about Red Room, or maybe it's a thing about Bucky, but it's definitely a thing about Steve sleeping with Bucky. Sleeping with the enemy, he calls it, when he's feeling dramatic (or being the enemy's fucking groupie, when he's feeling particularly spiteful).Steve can feel Bucky's lips curving into a smile under his mouth and then there's an almighty bang on the door of the men's room and Clint's voice rings out. "I swear to god if you're throwing up because you scarfed all that free champagne, I'm going to end you, Rogers. Get your fucking game face on. First dance is in five." Steve's gaze darts towards Bucky and Bucky has the front to pout. "How important is a first dance, really?" he asks and Steve can only laugh. "Sometimes, I really hate you, you punk," he says and he pulls Bucky closer by the tie. "I swear to fuck, Rogers, if you're banging the help, we're not going to get our cover!"This has Steve biting his lip hard to keep from laughing, Bucky snorting softly into Steve's neck and the two of them are pressed way too close in the tiny stall, trying to keep their laughter quiet. Steve tilts his head back against the wall, closing his eyes as he tries his best to sober up. If only Clint knew. "I'll be out in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

freeform: 
AU: Rockstars-in-waiting
Established Relationship
Pre-Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

