Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki sighed as he entered his room. He flopped on his bed and buried his head in the pillow. He and the Avengers had just finished a fight against a Dr. Doom and he felt tuckered out. Loki had only just recently joined the Avengers after the discovery that he was alive.
Asgard had wanted to charge him for treason again after he took the throne from Odin.
In his defence no one had noticed and if not for Odin waking up from his damn sleep, no one would’ve suspected anything. They act as though Asgard crumbled in my hands. I took care of our realm and none was the wiser. Still, it was an act of treason and the penalty should’ve been death or at the very least, him being subject to an eternity of punishment.
Loki was ready to accept his fate, no matter what it was when Thor had stepped in. The golden haired hero had vouched for his honesty and bravery and had offered to take him back to Migard to become a part of those fools named Avengers.
Loki had immediately disagreed. He’d have preferred going to Jotunheim and living there but the AllFather seemed to think it was an agreeable task and had sentenced Loki to spend a century on Earth defending the people he wished to rule.
He’d never despised Thor more than he did in that moment.
His magic had been limited and he had immediately returned to Earth with Thor.
As you can imagine, he was welcomed with open fists.
To make matters worse, I have been subjected to living amongst Migard’s mightiest heroes. The one eyed man named Fury had thought it best to keep him in the tower of Tony Stark where he could be monitored. When he’d heard Fury’s decision, he was tempted to pull back the eye patch of the man at great distance before letting it go.
At least if that had been done I could’ve returned back to Asgard and carried out my sentence in peace. Loki huffed into the pillow.

Only ninety nine more years to go.


Tony reached for the bottle of scotch on the counter before it was snatched away. ‘Not cool, Rogers!’ Tony yelled after Steve as the blonde haired man. ‘You’ve already had three shots. If you need to numb the pain, take an aspirin.’ Steve said as he took the bottle and replaced it on the shelf.
‘Hey that’s medicinal okay?’ Tony shot back as he attempted to snatch back the bottle. Steve got to it first and held it out of his reach. ‘If you want something medicinal, take something with lemon or elderflower in it.’ Steve replied.
Tony gaped at the soldier. ‘Elderflower? What the fuck is that?’ He spat out. Steve gave a long suffering sigh.
‘It’s a plant Tony. It-‘
‘I know what the fuck it does, stars ‘n stripes. Give me my damn scotch.’
Steve held it further out of Tony’s reach and Tony pouted. ‘Jarvis, patch me to Bruce.’ He said. A second passed and Bruce’s voice was heard.
‘What do you want Tony?’ Bruce said in a tired voice. ‘Steve’s bullying me. He won’t let me have my special drink.’ Tony replied in a childish tone. ‘By all means don’t let him have it Steve.’ Bruce said. ‘He already had two shots this morning.’
Steve flashed Tony a shit eating grin and Tony glared at him. ‘I’ve been dropped in a nest of vipers.’ He said dramatically. ‘Just wait till Pepper gets back from Manhattan.’ Tony said to Steve.
‘Till then.’ Steve replaced the bottle of scotch and gave Tony a hard stare. ‘Bully.’ Tony shot back at him. ‘Speaking of bullies, where’s Loki?’ Clint said as he dumped his equipment on the table and reached for a bottle of whiskey.
‘Hey how come he’s allowed but I’m not?’ Tony protested. ‘Cause I’m not an alcoholic.’ Clint shot back as he poured himself a shot. ‘Shut it bird brain. Wasn’t asking you.’ Tony said back. Steve rolled his eyes at the both of them.
‘Where is my brother?’ Thor rumbled as he strode into the kitchen. ‘Was wondering that myself.’ Clint said.
‘Master Loki retreated to his room immediately he returned.’ Jarvis said. ‘He appears to be sleeping at the moment.’
Thor hummed. ‘I worry for his wellbeing. Tis not his normal behaviour to seclude himself after a fight.’ He said. ‘Works for me. If I had my way I’d prefer not to see him at all.’ Clint muttered. Tony and Steve exchanged a tense look but said nothing.
‘Nonetheless he is my brother and my charge on Migard.’ Thor said. ‘It will not-‘Thor didn’t have a chance to finish his sentence because they were interrupted by a blinding light coming from outside. ‘Jarvis sound the alarm.’ Tony yelled as he shielded his eyes from the light.
The light lasted for a few short seconds before fading away. Natasha, Bruce and Loki rushed into the living room, Loki still rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
‘What is it?’ Natasha asked. ‘We don’t know. Some kind of light.’ Clint said as he drew an arrow. The door to the balcony opened and to everyone’s surprise, out stepped a woman. She was tall and slender with ample curves. She had long silver hair with piercing blue eyes, a delicate nose and full lips. Tony was about to ask who the hell she was when Loki rushed forward and scooped h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sigyn
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Loki Feels
Jötunn Loki
Odin's A+ Parenting
BAMF Sigyn
Loki is married AND has kids???!!!
Sigyn is having none of the Avenger's shit
Steve is a blushing wuss
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Clint and Natasha are little shits
But then become really awesome
Avenger Loki
Avengers Family
Loki Angst
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Protective Loki
Thor is also a Little Shit
magical children
Ass-Kicking from children
Manipulative Nick Fury
Team as Family
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Loki/Sigyn
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

