Work Text:


Steve didn’t often dwell on the fact that the serum had enhanced his hearing along with everything else. He wasn’t sure he even really remembered how it had been before his ears were sharp to every change in the world around him, the heartbeats of people standing feet away, when his hearing hadn’t helped to give him a constant awareness of his surroundings. Right now, though—right now, he was dwelling on it. He was focusing on it. Nothing in the world felt quite as important as Tony’s heartbeat, the ragged but even thump thump thump of his pulse, even through the sound system that enabled Steve to hear into the other room.  There was blood dripping from Tony’s split lip, and he made little gasped, huffed, aching sounds of pain, grunting as they worked him over the way they had Steve. Tony’s head was slammed back against the unforgiving metal wall, then down against the floor, so that he roughly fell to his knees, his arms yanked up behind him by the lack of give in the chain that held them bound to the wall.  He had his eyes squeezed shut and he was breathing heavily; Steve could hear that too, as if trying to prepare himself, and Steve could practically feel the strain in him as he tried to keep his body loose, roll with each hit as it came. His mind suddenly went back to practicing with Tony in the gym of the mansion, Tony laughing ruefully at himself and pushing himself up on his elbows, gasping for breath, as he landed on his back yet again, Steve kneeling by his side, “Got the wind knocked outta ya?” and Tony’s sheepish nod.  “Sorry about that,” he’d told him, “let me teach you how to take a punch first.” I know how, Tony had said, and Steve had grinned back at him and said, not if you’re falling like that. That was how Tony was holding himself now, or trying his hardest to; the way Steve had taught him.  And every time a fist slammed into Tony’s body, and he grunted a little, swayed, let himself move with it, Steve felt a twisting, sick roil of pride in his stomach, felt a little warmer, even as the aching chill at what they were doing to Tony settled into him all the more heavily. God, he wished it was him over there. He’d have done anything to be the one they were beating on right now. But it was already obvious that that wasn’t how this was going to work.  And Steve had known that, with a nauseating kind of certainty, from the beginning. Skull knew him too well. He knew better than to make Steve the physical target, not when he had a better, more vulnerable option. Sure, they’d already worked Steve over, enough that his whole body ached, still, especially in his shoulders, the way his arms were hitched up behind him, and there was blood dripping into his eyes.  And he was sure there’d be more in the future, but that was more of a formality, really. It wasn’t like what they were doing to Tony right now, right in front of him.  Even as he watched, they grabbed Tony’s drooping head by the hair, pulled it back up, baring his throat, and Steve felt his own heart rate quicken. What were they going to do to him—what next— The chief bullyboy, the biggest, slammed his fist into the side of Tony’s face, knocking his head to one side. Tony made one of the first loudly involuntary, pained noises Steve had heard from him, and the man grabbed his chin, pulled his head back until Tony was facing him again, then slapped his head to the side again, open hand now over the same spot. The sound was loud, and Tony’s head snapped to the side.  The man pulled his head back immediately by that handful of his hair and Steve could see that Tony’s eyes weren’t focusing; he stared up at the man blearily, eyes huge and dilated.  Close your eyes, Steve urged silently, in his own head, teeth digging into the inside of his own cheek with his tension, close your eyes, Tony, and just in time, Tony’s eyes fluttered shut, lashes squeezing down against his battered cheeks, right before the man hit him with his fist again. “So, how much more can you take?” the man sneered, and Tony groaned, his lashes fluttering as his head lolled to the side despite the rough hold the man still had on his hair.  The sound was being piped into Steve’s cell, of course, but Steve was under no illusions that his own calls to Tony were anything Tony could hear—he’d been screaming at them since they started this, calling out to Tony, to try to support him, he’d screamed himself hoarse, and there hadn’t been a single response. Just the unbreakable soundproof glass between him and them.  It wasn’t even one way, to spare Tony the knowledge that Steve had witnessed this. No, he could see Steve just fine; Steve had seen his eyes focusing on him through the glass. They wanted him to know that Steve was watching, to not be able to forget it, and Steve was afraid—so afraid—that that was one of the reasons Tony was keeping his head down, as if in shame, not looking up.  “Not as much as Cap, I’ll bet,” the main continued, contemptuously bringing his foot 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Community: cap_ironman
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge 2015
Established Relationship
New Avengers Vol. 1 (2004)
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Blood
Blood and Torture
Blood and Injury
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Super Soldier Serum
Bathing/Washing
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
No Sex
Food
Comfort Food
Violence
Sleepy Cuddles
Couch Cuddles
Cuddling & Snuggling
Insecurity
Developing Relationship
Guilt
Action
Action & Romance
Nudity
Literal Sleeping Together
Cabins
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Emotional Steve Rogers
Feelings
Comfort
Homophobic Language
Derogatory Language
Slurs
Homophobia
Sexist Language
slut shaming language
Sexual Assault
Rape/Non-con Elements
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual Groping
Relationship Issues
Original Character(s)
Minor Original Character(s)
Original Male Character - Freeform
Original Female Character - Freeform
Mentions of the Holocaust

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

