Chapter 1: Teamwork
    




Chapter Text
****
It didn’t take long for Bruce to get used to Clint in the ceiling somewhere and Tony strolling through any time he felt like it, but Captain Rogers showing up and planting himself in the corner was something fairly new and different. Bruce wrote up half an equation on the screen that’d be in front of Tony when he came by later. 
“You okay, Cap?”
Steve glanced up from whatever picture he was drawing. “Hhm? Oh, yeah.” He frowned and thumbed his drawing. “I’m just having trouble with this. I needed the quiet to work on it.”
“Ah. Sorry.” Bruce put another partial equation on a different screen, the one Tony would mess with when he got fidgety and moved around the lab.
“No, no. It is alright.” Steve sighed and tossed down his sketchbook. “I’m just mad I’m losing details of the people I knew.”
“If you draw Tony’s father, please make certain Tony won’t see it.” Bruce closed out his files. “Isn’t it time for lunch, Cap?”
“Yes, it is.” Steve stood up. “I have a different book for anything I don’t want seen.”
“That’s a good idea.” Futile, but a good idea. Bruce let Steve go ahead of him. “What details are you missing?”
Steve pushed the button for the elevator. “Different little things. I can’t remember how Morita’s chin looked. Or Dum Dum without his bowler hat.”
Bruce nodded. “Our minds do odd things with memory.”
“It feels like a few months ago to me, you know?” Steve crossed his arms as the elevator doors slid open. “I keep looking at the Military Channel and wondering when we got such reliable weapons.”
“Yours weren’t reliable?”
Steve shrugged. “We did pretty well, but some of the standard issue stuff was for crap. The BAR was hard to deal with. Heavy and needed two or three guys to carry haul it around. The SAW they have now is so much lighter and still able to do the job.”
“Two or three guys?”
“Two for the paratroopers. The gun was under the guy on a line so it wouldn’t tangle him worse. At least that was the idea. And another guy for the mount and ammo. Infantry usually managed it with three guys. It was good once you got it setup, but getting it there...” Steve shook his head.
“Ah.” Bruce adjusted his glasses. “I’d think the paratroopers would have had problems given how many of them didn’t make it through the jumps.” 
The elevator stopped and the doors opened. 
Steve stepped out and turned partway back towards Bruce as they went into the kitchen.  “The Ronsons were the worse though.”
“The what?”
Tony moved past them along the counter. “M4 Sherman Tank from World War II. It weighed 30.3 metric tons, had 76 mm armor at the thickest, usually with a 75 mm main armament. They caught fire nearly every time they got hit because their armor was too thin and the ammo was right in the wrong place.”
Steve nodded and got down the cup Tony was trying to reach. “Falsworth called them Ronsons after the cigarette lighter.” Steve sat the cup down near Tony’s elbow.
Bruce glanced at Tony who made a face.
“Lights the first time, every time.” Tony wrinkled his nose, snatched up the cup, and moved to the coffeemaker.
Natasha settled at the table. “The Germans called them Tommycookers.”
Steve grimaced and sat down next to her. “I hadn’t heard that. We were usually fighting HYDRA which wasn’t the standard luckily.”
Clint slipped in and settled on the other side of Natasha. “What’s for lunch?”
****
Bruce frowned at the finished equation on the screen as Tony strolled past him.
“What are you working on?” Tony tapped the second screen Bruce had set up and absentmindedly finished that equation before looking up and grinning at Bruce. “You look worried.”
Bruce glanced up at Tony and then back at the equation. “Me? Never.” He cocked his head and pointed at the screen. “What do you make of this?”
Tony slid over and looked where Bruce was pointing. “Nice solution.”
“You didn’t do it.” Bruce took his glasses off and rubbed the lenses on his shirt. “And I didn’t. So, who else do we have that could solve it?”
“Probably Natasha.” Tony flicked the equation away and pulled on Bruce’s arm. “Come on. I need someone to tell me if the nanofabric I’m working on makes them itch.”
Bruce blinked. “Nanofabric?”
****
The third time Bruce found equations meant for Tony solved in someone else’s handwriting, Bruce resorted to asking JARVIS about it. Which felt a bit like cheating, but Bruce hadn’t been successful at catching the person on his own. Turned out JARVIS wasn’t all that helpful.
“I am only allowed to report on the presence of the Hulk or intruders in your laboratory, Dr. Banner.”
“Huh.” That meant it had to be one of them because Bruce knew of no one else expect Pepper who ever got near him or his lab. “Tell Tony I’m asking you to show me who finishes either of these equations, please, JARVIS.” He wrote more equations to finish on a screen.
“Very well, Dr. Banner.”
****
Fury called them to suppress a threat that afternoon. Bruce frowned as they read the situational briefs.
“Terrorists that insist they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Kidnapping
Friendship
sleeping
Clones
Kid Fic
Crossover
Spoilers
Past Abuse
Hugs
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Angst

fandom: 
None
