Work Text:
Like every single one of the bad ideas Bucky ended up roped into, it started with a dare.The firehouse was one of the smaller, old fashioned types, but that didn’t mean they didn’t answer more than their share of calls, not in that part of New York. The two trucks though, were sitting ready to go in their bays, and Barton was obviously bored.“I’m just saying, man, the only reason you aint doing it is cause you know I’ll go for more than you, and your ego couldn’t take the strain.” He flexed as he spoke, the white tee tightening around his (pretty well defined) biceps. Someone wolf-whistled (probably Thor) and the next thing Bucky knows, Barton is on the coffee table flexing and posing like he’s in the line-up for Mr Universe. “Aw yeah, baby!” He called out. “Soak it in!”“Barton!” Fury called from his office, and the chorus of ‘Oooooh’ that spread around the room was eerily reminiscent of high school. At least Clint hopped down from the table, calling out: “I was just betting Barnes that I’d wipe the floor with him at the Charity Auction.”Another round of catcalls. “You gonna take that, man?” Sam said, shaking his head from where he was lounging on the other faded couch.“I’ll take that bet, birdbrain,” Tony called over from where he was typing on his laptop. “Bring it on.”“I’m not doing it.” Bucky said, but he might as well have been talking to air. Natasha already had the marker out, and it was going on the board. No one messed with the board – else they’d have to deal with the tiny red-headed powerhouse.

Barton = Charity Auction bids.



Players: Barton, Barnes & Stark.

There were others, some long standing, some brand new. The board was Romanovs idea, and it worked out for them. She kept tabs on all the bets going on in the firehouse and was completely neutral. And lest anyone should ever forget, the oldest bet on the board:

Barton = Tap that



Players: Barton & Romanov

Was 6 years old – and despite how many times Barton wiped it off the board – citing he was just kidding, he didn’t know Natasha was their new ‘guy’, that he wasn’t normally a sexist asshole and could she please just forget it, please? – it stayed on the board. Weirdly, Bucky was actually aware that the only thing stopping Natasha from actually sleeping with Barton was the bet. She didn’t like to lose, as much as she did like Barton. For some weird fucking reason.So, because of a bet, Bucky found himself as ‘Bachelor Number 7’ in the FDNY charity auction.
 Natasha was introducing them, one by one, to the crowd. She was wearing a little black dress and heels so high Bucky was pretty sure she wouldn’t be able to walk (she disproved that by actually salsa-ing across the floor with Sam later in the evening) and a bright red lipstick that reminded him of blood.“Bachelor number 1 is Sam Wilson. A 20 year vet of the FDNY, he sure knows his way around a hose.” The crowd was bigger than Bucky had wanted. Mostly women, although a few tight shirts and tighter jeans could be seen peppered through the place. Catcalls of ‘Yeah Baby!’ rippled through the audience.“Bachelor number 2 is Rhodey Rhodes, don’t be fooled by his cool looks, ladies, this man is a machine!” another howl. Jesus, was this a charity auction or a fucking meat market?Bachelor number 3 is Clint Barton.” She paused. “The less said the better,” She smirked, and Barton waggled his eyebrows at the women in the front row. They cheered, and Bucky rolled his eyes.“Bachelor number 4 is Tony Stark, isn’t it nice to see him with his clothes on for a change?” The laughter was real, and Tony hammed up the obvious mention of his sex tape. The guy had no shame, even though he’d given up all of his fame to become a fire-fighter.“Bachelor number 5 is Bruce Banner – in his spare time he teaches yoga, so we all know how flexible the man can be!” Another round of catcalls that had Bruce turning a funny shade of green. He wanted to be there less than Bucky, but had been talked into it by Natasha and Stark. “Uh, huh.” Natasha grinned. “Bachelor number 6 is Thor Odinson. Yes, ladies, that’s 100% pure Scandinavian beefcake, right there.” Thor’s booming laugh almost drowned out the wolf whistles. Bucky didn’t quite get him – he was huge and enthusiastic and earnest in a way that Bucky was sure half the time he was taking the piss.“And a late entry, we’ve saved the best for last – Bachelor number 7 is James Barnes. A decorated war hero, returning back home after 4 full tours. I hear he salutes the flag,” She winked at the crowd, “Every day. Let’s hear it for ‘Bucky’ – don’t ask me how he got that name – and the rest of our Bachelor’s!”After some thunderous applause and a bow from the guys on stage, Natasha cleared her throat. “You’re bidding tonight on a meal for two with one of our lucky bachelors, at the world renowned ‘Quantum’ where you can expect three time Michelin Gold Star food and a bottle of wine on the house. This was donated by owner Jane Foster for the auction, so if we can all just 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Firefighters
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny Steve
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Charity Auctions
Awesome Pepper Potts
Tony Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

