Work Text:
Near the beginning of it all, Pepper said, "I'm not sure how I feel about sharing you with Loki."
"In my defense, you said it was fine for me to keep sleeping with men, as long as I was discreet. I'd say someone who doesn't even use an actual entrance to the building counts as discreet."
"I anticipated human men."
"Well, your lack of forethought isn't my fault," Tony said. Pepper was starting to look distinctly unimpressed with that argument so he hastily added, "Anyway, you're not sharing me with Loki, you're sharing me with Loki's adorable mutant hawk child."
"By all means, remind me about the child you have with Loki."
"And the way you have accepted your almost-step-daughter is very generous and open-hearted of you. In fact, it speaks tremendously to your strength of character." Tony gave her a winning smile.
"Sharing you with Loki," Pepper repeated. "And not even an illicit sex tape to show for it."
"Kinky, Pepper, I'm impressed."
"Oh, please, that's not even the kinkiest thing I've said this morning."
That was entirely true, and Tony grinned. "Really?" he said innocently. "You might have to refresh my memory."
"No," Pepper told him, because she was a cruel, cruel woman. "I'm leaving before your insane baby-mama gets here. Try to leave the place in one piece."
"Wow, that was worth it just to hear you say 'baby-mama'."
She kissed him goodbye and left, and then there was nothing for Tony to do but wait. This mostly involved fidgeting with poorly-suppressed anticipation. For some reason, he actually really enjoyed spending time with Annie, more than he'd ever expected to enjoy hanging out with someone who didn't have opposable thumbs. Loki was another story, because Loki was pretty much ninety percent pure asshole, although that lingering ten percent of sarcastic, biting wit could be pretty hilarious.
Loki showed up at ten am, dressed in his casual leathers with Annie perched on his armguard. When Loki was in a bad mood, he wore full armor and that ridiculous helmet. (Tony making fun of the helmet didn't tend to improve his mood, either.) Once, he'd apparently been in an uncharacteristically good mood that had evidenced itself in human clothes; shirt and tie, dress pants, and a well-cut, knee-length coat. Loki in a good mood was only marginally less terrifying than Loki in a bad mood; on the whole, Tony preferred the black leathers.
"Good morning," he said, because it was always worth starting off politely. Annie cheeped and stretched her wings. She wobbled briefly, then launched into a short, unsteady flight to the sofa.
"Hey, pretty good," Tony said encouragingly, and stroked the soft feathers on her head with his thumb. Stroking always made Annie lie flat like a small brown torpedo, all eight eyes half-closed in contentment. It was, he had to admit, pretty damn cute.
Loki was prowling around the room, presumably checking for traps or maybe secret panels that an armed Avenger might lunge out of. It always took him a few minutes to settle down when he knew he was expected. Tony suspected it was mostly for show, actually; Loki trying to pretend he hadn't been domesticated.
Actually, it was kind of weird that Clint hadn't snuck in and tried to shoot anyone yet. Maybe he was planning something. That was worrying.
Loki paused by the window, staring out at the city. "Look at them, trapped in their miserable little existences. Full of jealousy and petty squabbles and despair."
Pot, kettle. Tony bit that retort back and instead shook his head. "You can't make them better. People don't work that way."
Loki made a noncommittal noise and resumed pacing. It was, all things considered, a very good thing that he'd put the whole 'rule the world' thing on hold while raising a kid.
Annie had apparently had enough of stroking because she gave Tony's hand a sharp nip. Tony gave her beak a flick. "Cut that out, featherbutt. No one likes a biter."
Loki snickered. "That's not entirely--"
"You, stop talking," Tony said, shooting him a dirty look.
Annie started climbing up his arm, beak and talons digging in painfully. With a bit of flapping as well she succeeded in getting to the top of his head, where she cheeped twice and surveyed the world around her. Tony smirked, valiantly pretending that he wasn't bleeding under his shirt. "Aww, she likes me best."
Apparently satisfied he wasn't about to be arrested, Loki wandered over to take a seat on the sofa. "She's still unsure of her wings, and you're closer to the floor." He flicked his eyes over Tony as if to indicate abnormal lack of height.
This, this was why Tony hated spending time with Loki. "Really, short jokes? That's your best effort?"
"I'm afraid most of my wit would go over your head," Loki said, without missing a beat.
Fucking short jokes. To which Tony couldn't even retaliate in kind, because last time he'd pointed out that at least he wasn't some kind of freakish giant, like some people, Loki had gone all still and lethal for no reason and then disappeared 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Unconventional Families
Crack Played Straight

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

