Work Text:
Tony stepped out onto the platform head held high.
He's not entirely sure how he had gotten to this point. How 2 weeks ago he would not have thought he would be standing alone and quite honestly...scared. Staring out across the cold steel platform with naught but purpley grey clouds floating overhead and a harsh thrashing of waves beneath the hovering platform, as if betraying not only his mood but that of the worlds.
2 Weeks ago seems like a life time ago. 2 Weeks ago he'd been quite happily stepping out of their new Avengers headquarters when a bag had slipped over his head and his whole world narrowed into himself trying to remember to breath. Its a hard cruel reality but he's grateful the bag hadn't reeked of desert sand and dirty sweat. He's grateful for this at least. Passing out from hyperventilation and waking up in an official government facility jail cell was the last thing he had expected though.
Been dragged into court in an orange jump-suit and been tried by men he recognized as self-serving politicians...lets just say that that was the moment he had realized just how fucked he was.  They were desperately scrabbling for a scape-goat and boy had they found him.
The proceedings were slow and dirty. Tony had not even been given the normal right to an attorney. Tried in a farce of a trial as though he were some godless dictator of a country that has more oil in it than the American government knew what to do with
All his rights were wavered. The trial was made public and available world wide to watch. He knew he would be found guilty of crimes against humanity before the first judge even opened their mouth. 
And all the time during the 2 weeks of telling Tony what a Bad boy he'd been on public world access TV. Airing All across CNN. all Tony kept asking for was a moment to please call up his Dom.  It was the right of an accused submissive to call up his Dom. To protect him, to take on the responsibility of the Submissive's actions and usually to take the punishment of the submissive in his own hands 
It had been 13 days into the trial and aside from hearing Tony plead to get his Dom who he'd been denied access to he had not said anything, had not agreed or disagreed merely sat their taking their verbal abuse. 2 large men had walked into his tiny solitary cell followed by a mousy man with a briefcase. The man stepped forward into Tony's space reeking of Dom.
That hadn't spooked Tony, Tony was used to posturing. What had upset him was the man had grinned at Tony grabbed his hair tightly and started asking questions about his "accomplices" at Shield. Bruce...oh god poor Bruce. Barton and Natasha. 
Tony stood up in court the next day and confessed to being a the only person involved in the creation of Ultron. That he had gone behind his own Dom's back and created him. That he had personally unleashed the Hulk into a South African city just so that he could test out his hulk buster. That he alone was responsible for all his own actions. 
He'd been found guilty 2 min after that. Because he had confessed the penalty would not be death. He would be forced to submit before the entire human race and accept his punishment and humiliation. Beg the human race for their forgiveness. The sentence had officially been stated as a full 12 hours to atone for all the pain and suffering he had caused. From Sunrise to sunset. 
Tony could barely stand when the jailor came to fetch him. Dragged away without another word. Put on a transporter and moved onto a floating sky ship not unlike shields.
xxx
 
Tony looked around the platform noting the lines of men all silently watching him. In the center of the entire platform were the normal torture room equipment. A whipping post, a table full of nasty looking things a spanking horse and many other infamous objects. On one side of the table sat a man under an umbrella next to a large doctors bag. Besides the whipping post stood a large dark man with arms the size of scud missiles. 
Tony was pushed forward by a baton to the middle of his back. The platform was well lit and he could see camera's at every angle. A side of him that was pretending not to be scared noted that floating ship in the middle of the ocean would be difficult to locate. The Avengers wouldn't be coming to his rescue...His Dom would not be coming to his rescue.
It had been a long walk across the platform and by the time they had finally gotten to the "punishment" area, the sun would have been coming up if the clouds were not in the way. The large burley man that had been waiting for him stepped forward arms crossed.
"I am your Punisher today boy. You may call me sir." he had barked hand tightening on his own baton glaring down at Tony as if all too eager to proceed.
"Sir? You kind look more like Razoul from Aladdin to me." Tony said with his normal cocky smirk, only to receive a smack to the temple with the side of the baton causing him to fall to his knees.
"You will call me sir or you will regret i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony/Original Male Character
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Dark
Dom/sub
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Torture
Psychological Torture
Past Torture
Caning
Whipping
Anal Fisting
Rape/Non-con Elements
Cock & Ball Torture
Tattoos
Marking
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Enemas
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Victim Blaming
Sub Drop
Unbeta'd
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony/Original Male Character
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

