Work Text:
Phil wakes up in a narrow box. For thirty seconds that feels like an hour, he can't catch his breath. Training kicks in and he clocks his surroundings. It's a white box, thick plastic and not the metal of a mortuary tray or the wood of a coffin. There is light spilling in, which would be the most obvious sign were it not for the note stuck to what is presumably supposed to be a viewing window. You're not dead. Knock when you wake up. Phil would recognise his boss's handwriting anywhere. He knocks on the lid of the box, and counts to ten.
By seven, SHIELD medical technicians are swarming all over him. Phil is essentially naked, and this would bother him under other circumstances, but he is distracted by the place on his chest where a scar ought to be.
It's another sixty four seconds before the Director appears. Phil has been moved onto a bed, has a sheet for modesty, and the technicians are no less eager to prod him with things. He holds still, and lets them slide a needle into his arm, although he can’t imagine what it’s for. 
Fury says, “They’re going to need to put you under again for a little bit so we’ll do this fast. Still remember your name?”
Phil doesn’t roll his eyes, although it’s a close-run thing. He knows the procedure. “Phil Coulson.”
“What's the last thing you remember?”
“Telling you to- Sir, did we win?”
“We won. Let them look at you. We'll talk when you wake up.”
Phil wants to say, 'I've just woken up' but sleep draws him under again. His body fights more than usual; the world whites out to the sound of monitors starting to beep. 
 
*
The next time he wakes up, no one is there. 
Phil looks around and, when it is apparent there is nobody to stop him, he pulls aside the sheet and climbs out of the hospital bed. For a dangerous moment, his legs don’t feel like they’re going to support him, but he holds tight to the edge of the bed until he stabilises. 
He holds onto the wall and walks into the bathroom. In the mirror, his own face looks back at him. He holds onto the doorframe and turns around, pushing the hospital gown away from his back. He looks over his shoulder to see the place in the mirror. There’s a suggestion of a mark – a barely visible line of paler skin reaching from his shoulder to meet his spine – but no other signs of trauma. 
Fury coughs and Phil spins around, dizzy until his boss catches his arm. Fury says, “Medical orders have never really meant much to you, have they, Coulson?”
“In my defence, sir, no one’s actually given me any orders yet.”
“I would have thought waking up in a white room would be a clue.”
“A good agent makes sure to examine his surroundings.”
“A good agent probably gets stabbed less often than you do.”
“Still pissed about that one, really?”
Fury takes a breath. “You should probably sit down.”
“Okay.” Phil walks back to the edge of the bed, letting Fury keep a hand on him. He’s not going to fall over but his priority right now seems to be whatever the Director is so reluctant to tell him. When he’s sitting down, Phil says, “You told me we won.”
“We did.”
“And they’re all okay? Is Barton-?”
“Romanoff got Barton back, he’s fine.” There’s something he doesn’t say there, a ‘but’ that should have come after ‘fine’ which Phil will work on later.
Phil says, “She punched him in the head?”
“I believe she kicked him in the head, but both parties claim to be a little fuzzy on the decisive blow.”
“So what’s the problem?”
“Well, the aliens got though and destroyed a goodly portion of New York. Stark blasted himself into space for a minute or so but he came back okay. The Council ordered a nuclear strike against us, which I’m still a little pissed about. Not as pissed as they are, but I don’t care about that so much. And you’ve been in a coma for ten months.”
Phil takes a minute or two to absorb that. “Ten months.”
“Give or take.”
“Why do I get the impression that’s not even the thing you’re worried about telling me?”
“Because you’re a smart man.” Fury exhales. “They thought you were dead until yesterday.”
 
*
Clint wouldn’t say he lets Natasha punch him, but he doesn’t put much effort into stopping her. They’re just supposed to be sparring, but she seems to have a point to make. She says, “You could go and see him.”
He rolls on the mat. “Who?”
“Guess.” She waits for him to get onto his feet before sweeping his legs from underneath him. She’s considerate that way.
“If he wants to see me, he can ask.”
“He’s still in medical.”
“I’m sure he can find someone to send a message. Fury, maybe.”
Fury had called them all onto the Helicarrier three days ago, claiming an urgent meeting. Clint and Natasha follow orders but whatever he had said to the others it must have sounded important. Stark and Banner appeared out of the depths of Stark’s labs; Rogers had come back from the touring of America’s heartlands he does when he’s not on a mission; and Thor had left Doctor Foster alone for ten minutes.
Clint had been in New York anyway, rattling around the Helicarrier. They still
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Aftermath
Team Dynamics
Trauma
Recovery
Obedience
Spoilers

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

