Work Text:
Bucky only cared enough about four people to set his phone to allow calls to ring through automatically after he went to bed.  They were the people he would roll out of bed for if they had an emergency.  The rest of the world could go fuck themselves for even thinking Bucky Barnes would be happy to hear from them at stupid o’clock, but those four?  Bucky would walk into a gunfight without tactical gear for them.  He’d run through fire.  He’d catch a grenade.  Etcetera. So when his phone rang, it could only be one of the four: his parents, his sister, and his hot hot television star boyfriend.  Sam didn’t even make the cut, mostly because Bucky knew that Sam was not above calling him at three in the morning because he was on a flight across the country and had just watched the YouTube video Steve made (with commentary) of Bucky dancing to Shake it Off.  Bucky knew this was a possibility because Sam had done it – twice – before Bucky made the list in the first place.  As it was he was considering taking his sister off the list too.  If Becca butt dialed him from a club again, he was going to murder her.  He would wake up, put on pants, meet her at the club she was dancing in, and kill her with his embarrassing bed head and his Steve Rogers fanclub t-shirt. Then there would only be three priority people on his phone.  The only one he’d have to worry about trolling him was Steve, and usually that led to phone sex. So. “Mmm?” Bucky groaned into the phone, not having the energy to form words.  He squinted at the clock beside his bed before turning over with his phone pressed against his ear to get his eyes away from the offensive bright red of the clock display.  “Buck?” Steve questioned, and he sounded amused, but beneath that there was an undercurrent of something else, something that had Bucky bolting awake, the FBI agent in him coming to life.  He had his feet planted on the rug and was reaching for the lamp beside his bed before the motions even registered. “What’s wrong?” he asked, heart beating quickly with adrenaline as he stood, pulling on a pair of pants in order to be ready, without knowing yet whether the situation called for him to actively move.  He reached for a shirt before Steve answered, and his head was half-caught between the shirt and his phone as he tried balancing both. “It’s nothing, I shouldn’t have…” Steve answered, and he sounded distracted and maybe a bit shaken up.  Bucky could just barely make out the sounds of people moving around him, and it didn’t help him feel any better about not being physically next to Steve.  “I just got the revised script for shooting this morning, and the only thing I could think of was you and what you’d think.  I really shouldn’t have called.” He wanted to ask.  He did.  There were a lot of things Steve could play enigmatic about, but most of them were of the ‘guess what’s in my pants’ variety.  If Steve could tell him about the script, Steve would have just launched right into it. “You sound upset, so of course you should have called,” Bucky corrected him as he sat back on his bed, wondering exactly what that could mean.  Steve had gotten a little too invested in the idea that part of the key to making Bucky happy was for The Howling Commandos plot to go the way he wanted it to.  Bucky was realistic.  He knew the show wouldn’t go in any direction that would have the kind of impact that Bucky saw in fandom every day.  He also knew that it wouldn’t be Steve’s fault.  “I don’t care what happens on the show.” “That’s not true, you do care.  You’re invested.  You cared about it first, before we met.  And this…” Steve paused, and Bucky could hear the sound of paper rustling in his grasp as Steve breathed in his ear, uncertain about what to say next. Bucky couldn’t have Steve believing that. “It is true when it comes to our relationship, Steve,” Bucky assured him, using his name for emphasis.  The calming tone he was using had worked in more dire and dangerous circumstances, but somehow this mattered more that he get it right, and that was a daunting prospect.  “You make me happy. Happier.  Happiest. You do.  You know that, right?  What happens on the show is like… well, it would be like your favorite baseball team winning the World Series.  It’s great, you’re excited, but it doesn’t really matter in the context of us.” Steve took a deep breath over the phone.  “Buck,” he said, and his voice cracked on the word.  “This is… I read it, and I immediately needed to talk to you.  I’m not allowed to tell you anything, but I want to so badly. I had to hear your voice.” Bucky winced, and tried not to think about what that could mean.  This conversation wasn’t about The Howling Commandos, and Bucky wouldn’t allow his curiosity to taint the message he was trying to impart on his boyfriend. “I love you,” he said, and he always felt like the words gave him some kind of power over his life.  “You know that.  You know I’m not going to break up with you over the scr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Actor Steve Rogers
Fanboy Bucky Barnes
The Howling Commandos (television show)
Captain America/Howard Stark (fictional couple)
Fandom
Timestamp
Romantic Comedy
Banter
Crying

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

