Work Text:
“Foggy, I really don’t think this block is the kind of place you want to live.”“I know,” Foggy says cheerfully. “But I figure by the time you’ve cleaned it up, the rent’s gonna go up for everyone else who suddenly wants to move in, so it’ll be cheap and safe.”Matt blinks. “That’s the most devious thing I’ve ever heard you say.”“It’s really not,” Foggy reminds him. He sets the box down and watches Matt struggle between worry and laughter.“I’m being taken advantage of,” Matt says to the room in general.“It’s true, I only want you for your body,” Foggy agrees, and he’s so good at saying shit like that now, he bets his heartbeat doesn’t even speed up. Maybe Matt can tell, maybe he can’t; either way, the denial runs deep.“I knew it,” is all Matt says, and if Foggy thinks he hears a shake in it, it’s gone by the time Matt’s on the phone finding a pizza place that’ll deliver. --------------------
 
They argue some more about the neighbourhood over takeout Vietnamese - no pizza place will deliver yet, which is a point for Matt’s argument.“This is better than anything we could get near my old place,” Foggy points out, gesturing to the empty takeout cartons. Matt frowns deeply, clearly trying - or pretending to try - to come up with a counter argument; he won’t, Foggy knows, because that was some damn good food.“I’ll concede the point,” he says eventually, amused. “How many’s that?”“I thought you were counting,” Foggy says, laughing. He won the argument the moment he decided to move, he knows; Matt will tidy up this little corner of Hell’s Kitchen in a couple of weeks, would have done it anyway, will do it faster now that Foggy’s living here. He can’t stop Matt doing that - hell, if he tried, Matt would look hurt and guilty, and they’d end up tripping over each other to apologise for days.But the arguing is fun, after a day of dead ends and paperwork.“Four three to you,” Matt says easily, stacking empty cartons and passing them over to Foggy. “But I still dispute that the rent makes up for the shitty neighbourhood.” He slips down to the floor, stretching out and settling down in one long line of muscle.“You’re gonna have to accept that one, buddy, because I’m not moving again.” Foggy stops staring and stands, dumps the cartons in the trash and flicks the lights off. He settles back down on the couch in the dim light from the streets outside the window, content and tired.“I worry,” Matt says simply. He’s half asleep, weeks of long days and longer nights catching up with him as soon as he lets himself have a moment to rest.“I’m no less safe than anyone else around here,” Foggy says gently, “more safe, even, I have my very own vigilante sacked out on my floor.”Matt hums in agreement, a soft, sleepy sound.Foggy’s an affectionate person; he knows this, Matt knows this, hell, everyone who sticks around for more than five minutes knows this. But he’d bet good money that Matt doesn’t know how Foggy rations that affection around him. Not feeling it, he can’t help that, but showing it. If he let himself, he’d be touching Matt all the damn time. He long ago realised that to keep his sanity, and possibly their friendship, he’d have to limit himself.This time, he lets himself lean down and card a hand through Matt’s hair, just the once. Matt shifts into the touch and smiles. Foggy swallows hard. “Want the couch?” He asks, the words coming out as a whisper in the almost-dark. Matt shakes his head, rubbing his scalp against the hand Foggy’s still got resting on his head. It’s almost too much.“‘m good,” he says, slipping off the edge into sleep. Foggy watches him for a moment, thinking. If he was a better person, he’d go to bed now. He’d drop a blanket over Matt and leave him a pillow, the one Matt always steals when he stays over.Instead Foggy shifts until he’s lying on the couch, settles in, and falls asleep with one hand still resting on Matt’s head.
 
--------------------
 
Matt insists on some self-defence training, in the end. This involves a lot of complaining on Foggy’s part, until Karen quietly asks to join in, and he shuts up pretty fast. They move the furniture to the edges of the office a couple times a week, and Matt shows them both how to do the most damage with what they’ve got; how to form a fist, where to hit, how to keep his fingers stiff to jab them into someone’s eyes - all the things Foggy’s never cared about before because he likes people, has never wanted to hurt someone.But he sees Karen’s face as she concentrates, realises what this means to her, and he goes along with it.It’s also one of the most frustrating things he’s ever done, because Matt is- he’s gorgeous when he’s standing still, for fuck’s sake, but when he’s fighting he’s something else entirely. And it’s not even real fighting, not the way Matt would do it at night. It’s just sometimes, he forgets he’s teaching two people who’ve never thrown a punch in their lives, and flows through a move with more grace than Foggy’s had in his whole li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
post-reveal
boxing fic

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

