Chapter 1: medusa
    




Chapter Text
The alarms blared a warning of intrusion just as the first percussion grenade flew through the glass doors into the lab.  “Get to the safe room, Jane!” Darcy yelled as she flipped herself over and behind a lab table.

For once, Jane listened.  She dropped the tools she was holding and sprinted towards the safe room at the back of the lab.  Unfortunately, the percussion blast went off and stunned both women.  Jane landed behind the machine next to Darcy’s lab table, still at least ten feet away from the safe room.


A team of five operatives entered and scattered throughout the lab, looking for the two women.  “FRIDAY,” Darcy whispered, “seal the doors. Don’t let anyone in or out.”  The new AI let out a quiet chime in confirmation.  Darcy silently crawled over to Jane’s prone body.


Jane moaned quietly as Darcy reached her.  “Jane,” Darcy whispered. “Whatever happens next, stay back here and don’t look me in the eyes.”


“What?” Jane mumbled.  Darcy took off her oversized sweater and tucked it under Jane’s head.  “You have tattoos?” she asked confusedly, her voice getting louder.


Darcy hushed Jane as she glanced down at the snake tattoos that wrapped around both of her arms from shoulder to wrist.  “Not important, right now, Janey.  Right now I need you stay here and keep your eyes closed.  No matter what.  Can you promise me that?”


Jane looked up at Darcy’s solemn face and nodded slowly.  One of Darcy’s lenses on her glasses had been cracked in the blast, and behind it Jane would swear that her pupil looked yellow, not blue. “But what are you going to do?” Jane asked worriedly.


“What I do best,” Darcy replied simply as she pulled her hair down from the messy knot it was in on top of her head.  Wild curls floated around her face, and they seemed to move from their own kinetic energy.  “Now close your eyes, and don’t open them until I say to.”


Jane nodded and screwed her eyes tightly shut.  She felt Darcy tuck something narrow and plastic into her hands.  “Hold these for me,” she said, and Jane clutched the item tight in her palms.




When Darcy removed her glasses, giving them to Jane for safekeeping, her true form became unbound.  The curls that haloed around her face shifted, and Darcy smiled when she heard the familiar hiss that heralded her companions’ return.  


Darcy squatted in front of Jane and held her hands out in front of her.  The two snake tattoos that wrapped around her arms came to life, and a Caspian cobra and a Russell’s viper slithered from her wrists and shot out across the room towards the operatives.


Darcy then stood and stared unblinking at the operative stalking his way towards the women.  She could vaguely make out the HYDRA patch on his uniform.  Gunfire echoed across the lab as he shot towards her skull.


One of her companions swallowed the bullet, and Darcy spit it out on the floor.  “Foolish mortal,” she said, her voice deepening and rumbling across the space as she strode towards him.  “Snakes cannot harm me.”  A terrified look crossed the HYDRA operative’s face as he looked into Darcy’s yellow pupils.  His skin took on a grayish pallor that quickly spread as he was immobilized.  She smiled sharply at him before she turned to take on the next man who dared try to harm them.



Jane felt a gentle tug on her hands as Darcy took back whatever Jane was holding.  “You can open your eyes now, Jane,” Darcy said gently.


Cautiously, Jane opened her eyes to peer at her assistant.  Darcy’s hair streamed wildly around her face, but overall she seemed unharmed.  Her cracked glasses were perched crookedly on her nose, and Jane assumed that Darcy’s glasses were what she had been holding.  Darcy helped Jane to stand, and Jane noticed that Darcy’s arms were now unmarked.  “I thought you had tattoos?” she asked questioningly.


Darcy huffed out a laugh as she led Jane to a chair.  “Really? That’s what you’re choosing to focus on?” she asked as she jumped up to sit on the one not-overturned lab table.


Jane shrugged.  “Not the first time we’ve been attacked, probably not the last.”  Something brushed against Jane’s foot and she squealed, pulling her feet up into the chair.


A giant fucking snake slithered across the floor, wrapping itself around the leg of the lab table and then sliding into Darcy’s lap.  Jane watched, horrified, as Darcy smiled, crooning to the snake as she ran gentle fingers over its scales.


“What the actual fuck?” Jane asked, dazed.


The snake rolled over in Darcy’s lap, exposing its yellow underbelly.  Darcy continued to scratch its scales, and Jane would swear the snake wriggled in happiness, like a dog would.


“This is Cas.  Don’t worry, he won’t hurt you.  He knows better than to do something like that, don’t you?” she cooed more at the snake than Jane.


Jane watched, stunned, as the snake wrapped around Darcy’s arm. Its scales blended into her skin until the snake disappeared, and Darcy’s tattoo reappeared.


“Ok
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Mythology - Freeform
AU
Folklore
women being friends
Dragons
modern witches
Seer
dark!Darcy
short fic
Ficlet Collection

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Pietro Maximoff
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson

