Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I own an amazing apartment in Paris.”“Nice,” Clint said, not looking up from his game.“I have a villa there, too.”  Tony stalked across the room, his feet clomping along with the petulance of a child.  Clint angled his head to try to keep a clear line to the tv.  “A penthouse in Hong Kong.”“Hey, awesome.” Clint flopped onto his back, aiming his head for Nat's lap.  He managed it, more or less, and she glared down at him.  He gave her a bright smile.  “Hi, Nat!”“Hello, loser,” she said, but she ruffled his hair with a careless hand.“I think I still have that ranch in Texas,” Tony said.  He paused.  “Or was that Buenos Ares?”  “Those are two very different places, Tony,” Nat said, going back to her reading.  With her free hand, she reached for her tea cup.  “Very different.”“It involved cows, that's all I remember,” Tony admitted.  “I own a ranch.”“Or you did,” Nat agreed.  “Is there a point to this?”“There's the property in California, and a little island in the Caribbean, and favors I could call in from Abu Dhabi to Zurich,” Tony said.  “There's no point to this,” Clint said.“I'm getting that,” Nat said.“The point is,” Tony said,throwing his hands in the air, “that we have options.  We have world wide options.  There are a hundred places I could go, where I own the place, or have owned the place or COULD own the place if it came down to it.”“Ever considered just checking hotels.com instead of buying the block?” Clint asked.  “Low class, but you can book right on your phone now.  There's an app.”  He winced as his little digital avatar tried and failed to make a shot.  “Oh, come on!” he muttered.  “A blind guy coulda hit that.  It was harder NOT to hit that than it was to hit it, you dumbass...”Tony stopped right in front of him.  Clint looked up at him.  “I'm listening.”  Tony glared at him.  “What?” Clint asked.  He glanced at Nat.  “What?”She petted his head.  “Not helping your case here, Barton.”  To Tony, she said, “No, seriously.  What is the point of this little montage of place names?”His eyes narrowed at her.  Nat just arched an eyebrow.  “My point,” he said, “is that it's my anniversary, and instead of going to any of those places, we're renting a hotel room across town.”  With that pronouncement, he threw himself into a chair.  He radiated a comical amount of petulance.  Clint considered bringing that up, but decided Tony probably wasn't in the mood to hear it.“Could be worse,” he said, restoring a saved game instead.  “Could be the Jersey Shore.”“Or Vegas,” Natasha mused.  “Though I do think I'd enjoy seeing Steve in Vegas.”“I've seen Steve in Atlantic City, that was enough for me,” Clint said.“That was a mission, that doesn't count.”“He talked one of the rolling chair operators on the boardwalk into letting HIM push,” Clint said.  “Paid for it, too.  The guy never knew what hit him.”“I do love that man,” Nat said, grinning.“So do I, hands off, by the way,” Tony said.  He waved a hand in the air.  “To my eternal regret, I do love him, which is why I've actually taken pains to, I don't know, remember my anniversary?”“That was a surprise,” Natasha said.  “Did you remember, or did Jarvis remember?”Clint choked on a laugh, and Tony turned a gimlet glare in his direction.  Clint busied himself with his controller.  “I programmed Jarvis,” Tony said, slouching lower in his chair.  “So in a roundabout way, I remembered.”  He stopped, clearly waiting for either of them to argue.  Neither of them bothered, so he kept going, “I remembered our anniversary, and I have a jet, and multiple international properties, and you know how we're spending that anniversary?”“Complaining about it?” Clint muttered.  Tony ignored him.  “Weekend getaway in New York!  We're a damn cliché.  We're middle class white people from the suburbs, all excited to be spending a whole weekend!  In New York!”“Is he still going on about this?” Steve asked, walking into the room.  He was barefoot and wearing a well worn StarkIndustries t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants, wet spots visible on the knees.  DJ, fresh out of the bath, was clinging to his back, his hair still damp and wearing an oversized pair of pajamas.  “Ready, buddy?”DJ dug both fists into the fabric of Steve's shirt.  “Ready!” he said, grinning wide and bright.  “Don't-” Tony started, even as Steve flung himself over the back of the couch, and DJ vaulted over his head.  Steve came down on the couch, catching DJ and pulling him back against his chest.  The whole thing took a matter of seconds, and then Steve was sitting calmly on the couch, DJ perched happily in his lap.  Tony scraped a hand over his face.  “Was that necessary?”“No, but it was fun,” Steve said, leaning over to press a kiss to the top of DJ's head.  Giggling and squirming, DJ kicked his feet in mid-air.  “Ready to spend the weekend with Uncle Clint and Auntie Nat?” he asked Deej, who grinned up at him.“Ready.”Natasha's eyes slid towards Clint, and he flexed his fingers against his sto
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Family
Kidfic
Babysitting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

