Work Text:
New York lit up like an enormous circuit board in the evenings, from afar, Tony always thought, but no building as eye-catching as Stark Tower anymore. Not just because of the design, though it was pretty goddamn impressive, but for the fact that people knew now who lived here. Genius, billionaire, playboy bla bla bla, for starters, everyone knew he was here already, though, he made sure of that by putting his name in big shiny letters on the side of the building when he got here, but no, thanks to what happened two months ago, all eyes were on Stark Tower. Or, as Tony had started referring to it, Avengers Tower, but only in his head where he was sure no one would pick up on it.The next Stark Expo was coming up, too, and everybody was interested in getting to see into the breakthrough that the Tower was. Clean energy and world peace, courtesy of Tony Stark.  Well, peace in this world, at least. It was weird to think about these days anyway, now that he couldn’t ignore the fact that he wasn’t the only one out there trying to make a difference anymore, now that he’d worked with some of those people, people like Cap, Hawkeye, Black Widow, the best of the best. Then there was Thor, he was a fucking God. Tony wondered every now and again what the hell he was doing stepping into the same league as these people sometimes, but he was designing them a goddamn Tower of operations for christ’s sake, that was bound to count for something, right? He had Bruce for company anyway. Bruce was definitely his favourite.“Will you stop playing with your pet project for a minute and come approve these for me, please?”Tony blinked and looked over his shoulder quickly, to where Pepper sat waiting expectantly in one of the stools by his mini-bar, one knee crossed over the other and a stack of papers in front of her. He waved his hand through the air, minimizing the project files he’d been looking over, and clicked his fingers to turn everything on standby.“It’s not a pet project, it’s a—““You realise you should probably discuss your ‘scheming’ with the other people on your team that doesn’t exist yet?”“—it does exist, where were you for the Loki thing? Anyway, it’s not a pet project,” Tony paused, pulling two fresh glasses from the cabinet. “It’s a good idea and you know it, you just don’t wanna admit it.”“I still think you should be talking to them, they’re gonna notice eventually. Unless you plan on moving them in without them realizing too—““Worked for Bruce.”“Tony….” Pepper sighed, pursing her lips while trying not to smile as he walked around the bar to sit across from her, grinning. “I’m not drinking that, I have to drive myself to the airport after this.”“What? Where’s Happy?”“He’s driving you to—““No, he’s not, because I’m not going, I told him that, I’ve already been to three stupid galas this week.”“And I sent an RSVP saying you were going, now sign these, please, these slots needs approved, Expo is next month and they’re getting antsy.”Tony rolled his eyes, downing the small glass of scotch whiskey and narrowing his eyes at the papers Pepper slid across the bar toward him. If these were what Pepper’d narrowed the final slots down too, he trusted her judgement, but he had to sign them, all the same.“You could probably forge my signature by now; I dunno why you don’t….” He mumbled as he flicked through them, catching the short breath of laughter Pepper gave in response. He acknowledged easily to himself that he’d be lost without her, no point denying it, and she was sharp enough to know that without him having to say it anymore.He remembered the fiasco of last Expo, when she was CEO, and how she’d encouraged him to hold this one anyway. They’d come a long way in the last year, in more ways than Tony felt like counting. He’d put her through a lot, making her CEO, the situation with the reactor, his actions when he thought he was dying. Things were different after that, when he and Pepper got together; Tony had been almost tripping over himself trying to make everything better, make himself better—Pepper just made him want to be a better person, and he’d enjoyed sharing his successes with her, for her.Then the Chitauri attack happened, and that changed too.He should’ve known that he couldn’t keep himself and Iron Man separate enough for it to work. He needed Iron Man, and he needed Pepper, and he needed Pepper for Iron Man and Iron Man for Pepper, and all of it together so that he could be better. Pepper caught on before he did that it wasn’t gonna work. She couldn’t continue being responsible for him in that way, it wasn’t healthy and it wasn’t gonna lead him to a good place. ‘I can’t be your reason or purpose, Tony,’ she’d said. ‘It just doesn’t work. You’ll lose yourself, I’ll lose you, in every way imaginable. I love you, but there’s just no way this can keep going the way it is.’He hadn’t understood at the time, wasn’t sure he did now, but some of it did make sense. He needed Pepper and Pepper needed him, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
FrostIron - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

