Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Chapter 1
“I dreamed about you.”Tony started.“You dreamed about me?” he repeated dubiously, looking up from his Starkphone and eyes catching sight of a young man standing next to his table. He was dressed in the traditional black and white garb of all waiters and carried a bottle of red wine. Pretty good looking, Tony decided; not conventionally handsome by any sense of the word, but his features were regular enough and that shy smile sent shivers down his spine in the most delicious way possible.“I’m sorry,” the young man immediately stuttered, blushing and looking away from Tony’s intense gaze, “I shouldn’t have said that.”“Then why did you?” Tony insisted. There was something in the other’s body language that told the billionaire that the declaration hadn’t been meant as a come on.“I…I.”Tony sighed.“Can you at least tell me what I was doing in your dreams?”If he had been expecting the other to reply with something lewd or sexy, he would have been extremely disappointed.“You were hit by a truck.”Tony blinked in surprise.“At 2.15 on April 24th,” the young waiter continued, “Today. You got hit by a pickup truck when it derailed from the main road. It had a faulty wiring. You died on impact.”“That's…morbid,” Tony said, “And weirdly specific.”The waiter shrugged, looking more ill at ease then before.“My dreams,” he finally muttered, “I don’t believe they’re normal. Sometimes, things I see in my dreams happen in real life; sometimes they’re just figments of my overactive imagination.”He suddenly looked up and Tony was taken aback by how luminous his green eyes looked under the restaurant’s lighting. It was almost as if they were…glowing.“I didn’t want to take a chance.”And Tony believed him. He didn’t know why he did, but Tony believed him.“Thank you,” he told him sincerely, “May I have the name of my savior?”For a moment, the waiter didn’t reply, probably silently judging if Tony was making fun of him. In all honesty, Tony should have been making fun of him, but once again, his good sense and logic seemed to have deserted him.“Harry…Harry Liam.”“Thank you Mr. Liam,” Tony repeated and watched as Harry bowed before he made his departure.At exactly 2.15, a commotion made everyone in the restaurant look out of the window. A pickup truck had just crashed in to a nearby tree. Upon inspection, the insurance officer concluded that the truck derailed from the main road because of some faulty wiring. Luckily, there were no one walking about at the time of the incident.Tony wasn’t even sure if he was surprised. You shouldn’t have told him that.

Why? I saved his life, didn’t I?


He’s not worth it.


Shut up!


He won’t understand. He’ll try to exploit you.


No

.

Naïve. Just because you have a crush-
I don’t. Stop saying that. Shut up. Shut up. SHUT UP!  “I want to thank you for saving my life.”“Mr. Stark,” Harry greeted him, bowing slightly, unable to meet the billionaire’s gaze. He wasn’t even surprised that Stark had somehow managed to worm his way in to the employee’s only lounge and found him while he was on his break. “There’s no thanks needed.”“Not many people would have done so,” Stark continued, ignoring Harry’s words. He didn’t sound the least bitter about what he had just said. “Not many people think I deserve to be saved.”“No, you’re wrong. Everyone deserves to be saved,” Harry said fervently, barely resisting the urge to clasp the billionaire’s arm to get his point across. He met Stark’s eyes. “Everyone.”Stark looked surprised at his words before a small smile curved the corner of his lips. He looked really handsome in his form fitting suit and blue tie.“You’re different,” he concluded, “Special.”Harry immediately took a step back, horrified. No. It couldn’t be…Did he really make a huge mistake in taking a chance on Stark?“No,” he stuttered, hating the way his voice trembled, “No, I’m not. I’m just Harry.”Stark shook his head.“I apologize for upsetting you,” he said quickly, in the tone of one who wasn’t used to issue apologies of any kind. Despite it all, Harry felt strangely touched.“Don’t,” he bit his lip. His heart slowly calming down. “It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have reacted that way.”Stark stayed silent for a second before asking.“May I take you out to dinner?”Harry blinked.“Dinner?” he repeated.“Yes,” Stark sounded amused now. “Dinner. I would love to take you out.”“L…Like a date?” He was stuttering again. Fantastic. What must Stark think of him? Sure he was a little awkward around strangers, but working in the service industry had helped him improve a lot. Why was he deferring back to his old ways?“If you are interested,” Stark replied smoothly, “Otherwise, it would simply be a dinner among friends.”
Say no!


Why? I want to.


Don’t get involved with Stark! It can only end in bloodshed.


I want to! Please, for once, I want to be selfish.


You don’t deserve to be selfish. You don’t deserve to be loved. Say NO!
“Yes,” Harry said, heart hammering, unable 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Amnesia
Royalty
Memory Loss

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

