Work Text:
“What's going on?” Steve asks when he follows the directions in the 'Assemble!' text to one of the labs near the top of the tower and finds the rest of the team already gathered.“Stimulation experiment,” Tony says briskly. “No touching.”Natasha pats a space by her hip on the workbench she's perched on, with Clint on her other side and Thor in a chair beside him. Steve favors them all with a sociable smile as he accepts Natasha's invitation and hops up beside her.“Well, now,” Tony continues, his voice pitched low and rich. “Looks like the gang's all here. You want me to start again at the beginning or just pick up where I left off?”“Keep going,” Bruce says, a little breathless, from where he's crouched on the padded mat in the center of the room. “Right. Where was I? Ah yes.” Tony swivels a little on his ergonomic kneeling stool, rocking back and forth between Bruce and the rest of them. “So there you are, on your back with your legs in the air and your wrists cuffed to the chains of the sling, completely exposed and at our mercy. This is going to happen, no doubt about that. We're all going to get a crack at fucking your pretty ass. The only question at this point is who goes first.”Steve feels the tips of his ears heating up, listening to the little whimper Tony's words pull from Bruce, then frowns. He remembers reading that the ringing noise one gets after exposure to loud sounds results from trauma to cells inside the ear and is a sign and symptom of hearing loss. He wonders if a similar principle applies to senses of disbelief or humiliation. Could the vaguely dizzy hum that followed Steve for several weeks after waking up in this new century have been the stunned swan song of some overwhelmed fragment of brain that left him numb to further shock? Because he's fairly certain that he should find his current situation stranger than he does. He's still surprised, of course, and a little embarrassed, to find himself sitting with two highly trained assassins and an extraterrestrial who lends his name to a weekday while one of the world's greatest scientific minds purrs seductively to another about how they're all going to take turns fucking his ass while the latter flogs the log in the middle of a pristine laboratory, bathed in sunlight from the wall of windows overlooking midtown, but not nearly as much as he'd have anticipated had someone told him about it one-stroke-sixty-eight year(s) earlier.“Wait, how—” Steve says, turning to Natasha while Tony goes on describing the eagerness with which they are all waiting to 'tap' Bruce's hypothetically vulnerable, up-turned rump. “I mean, you don't have a . . .”Natasha snorts and pats Steve affectionately on the knee, while Clint doubles over snickering. “Dude. She's got, like, fifteen.”“That you know of.” Natasha smiles and mimes pulling something up her thighs and buckling it around her hips. “Have you seriously not seen anybody wearing a strap-on before?” Clint asks. “No, I don't believe you. You're just saying that so that one of us'll go 'oh, sweetie, we must show you.' You keep doing that, and I . . .”“Hey, groundlings!” Tony snaps. “Task at hand.” He rolls his eyes and turns back to Bruce. “Some people,” he says, and Steve can't help barking a laugh, which Tony magnanimously ignores. “I'm sure you'd get a kick out of watching us fight for first dibs on opening up that tight little ass, but you also know that'd just slow things down and leave you hanging, aching, desperate for someone to just touch you, take you, stick something in you. We could draw straws, I suppose, but then you might end up with Thor going first, and while I'd respect you for leaping straight into the deep end, it might leave the rest of the party . . . somewhat lackluster.” Tony grins and Bruce laughs, breathlessly. “No, the logical thing to do is for us to queue up in order of ascending size, girth specifically. That way there's an element of ongoing challenge, more fun for us and you. 'Course that leaves Natasha at an unfair advantage—”“That never happens,” Bruce huffs, and Tony smirks.“—because from the sounds of things she could keep coming back for seconds, cutting in line wherever she pleases, but we'll figure out some way around that. Just have to keep her sufficiently distracted.”Natasha grins and so does Steve, while Clint frowns and mutters, “Damnit, now I'm hungry.”Tony hums and tiptoes his kneeling chair towards Bruce, dropping the volume of his voice but not so much that the four Avengers watching from the sidelines can't still pick up every word. “With that minor strategic hiccup out of the way . . . You know, I'm just a little embarrassed to admit that this means I'm probably going first, unless Natasha's feeling unusually kind and brings some kind of mini-pickle training tool, but that's okay. I'll get over it. Means I don't have to wait as long, which is nice because you know patience is not exactly my strong suit.”“Tony,” Bruce says, in a tone that sounds to S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/various
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Community: kink_bingo
Gangbang
Dirty Talk
Sexual Fantasy
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Anal Play
Post-Movie(s)
One Year Later
Rough Sex
Begging
Humiliation
Fisting
Biting
Transformation
Porn
Comedy
Strap-Ons
Plot What Plot
Comeplay
Comfort
Established Relationship
Celibacy
Angst
Emotional Baggage
Exposure
Clothed Sex
POV Outsider
Hand Jobs
Healing Sex
Sort Of
not really - Freeform
but kinda
Barebacking

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/various
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

