Chapter 1: Cuddles (Naked)
    




Chapter Text
Cuddles (Naked) If there was one thing both of the Maximoff twins hated, it was parties, or at least in Wanda's case, parties that dragged out for an eternity when all she wanted to do was pull Pietro to a corner and kiss him with everything she had. Hiding their relationship was painful, but necessary, and the instant they got home she got to act on all of the impulses she felt when she saw her twin dressed so elegantly, especially when she knew that he had done so just for her sake, since he couldn't care less what the others thought. Of course, he always did look better without any clothes.The morning after the event Wanda lifted her groggy head as she felt her eyes flutter open, the warm arm draped over her reminding her of last night's activities. Pietro's warm breath fanned over the back of her shoulder as she stretched, awakening her tired muscles."Morning, Wanda." Pietro grumbled, sleepiness still thick in his voice."Good morning, Pietro. How is my baby brother this morning?" she teased."Don't call me that. I'm not a baby." he grunted, and pulled her close to his chest."You may not be a baby but you will always be my baby brother." she giggled."By thirty seconds! That's hardy "baby"!" he laughed incredulously, and pressed a quick kiss to her cheek.Wanda rolled over and kissed his chin before cuddling up to his bare chest, hearing the jolly melody of his beating heart. "Don't be ridiculous, I am just being affectionate when I say it, I'm not implying anything about your maturity. Though, that could use some improvement too." she teased, earning an amused huff from her twin."Oh, shut up." he laughed, and pressed a kiss to the crown of her head.They remained like this for a few moments, curled close, with her running her fingers through his feathery hair. She hated how he could always look good, even this early in the morning.Pietro tangled his fingers in her locks, combing his fingers though them, and gave a heavy sigh of contentment. A goofy grin spread on his face as he locked eyes with her, and he couldn't suppress the urge to kiss her face, over and over again.Moments like this were what they lived for; to be able to hold each other, to be able to kiss and act as any other couple could. These fleeting moments were held dearest, little exchanges of affection. Affection that, to the outside world, was forbidden. Wanda reached up to cradle his face and kiss him properly, their lips caressing each other with tender movements."Maybe you should get dressed. I might not be able to resist." Pietro said softly as she pulled back to breathe, his hand meandering down the length of her bare back.A wicked grin spread across her face and she gave a slight buck of her hips, eliciting a soft groan from Pietro."Tease.""Oh hush, you like it." she purred, and pressed a smooch to his jaw."Mmm, I never said I didn't. But you know what I like even better?" he chuckled, leaning in to brush his nose with hers. With slow kisses along her jaw he made his way to her ear, and gave it a soft tug with his teeth, before breathing heavily in her ear. "I like when you make good on your teasing." he whispered, his voice dripping with salacious intent.She just laughed and pulled him atop her.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pietro Maximoff/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
NSFW
Twincest
30 Day OTP Challenge
maxicest
explicit - Freeform
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Cuddling & Snuggling
Kissing
First Kiss
Love Confessions
First Time
half dressed
Tickle Fights
Oral Sex
Clothed Sex
Telepathic Bond
teenage love
Awkwardness
Masturbation
Separation
Telepathic Sex
Fear of loss
Against the Wall - Freeform
Massage
Doggy Style
Jealousy
Spanking
Dom/sub
dom!pietro
sub!wanda
Sexual Experimentation
Nervousness
Fingering
Hand Jobs
Cunnilingus
getting caught
Parties
Dirty Dancing
Fix-It
Sweet and Passionate
Fluff and Angst
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Clothes Shopping
Semi-Public Sex
Secret Relationship
Reunions
on the floor
Sexual Frustration
Lazy Sex
Lazy Mornings
appreciation
Picnics
Caught in the Rain
Self-Doubt
Shower Sex
Forts
fairytales - Freeform
semi-rough sex
Shy
shy kisses
New Couple
Bets & Wagers
Teasing
Ice Cream
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
Best Friends
Birthdays
Theft
Adrenaline
Chair Sex
Trying new position
Height Differences
Growing Up Together
Sharing Clothes
wearing each other's clothes
meetings
Boredom
Dirty Talk
Surprises
Snowball Fight
Promises
Holding Hands

fandom: 
Pietro Maximoff/Wanda Maximoff

