Work Text:
This is for Psychotic Sprite, JustAnotherParallelDimenson, and Hidders at FFNet for helping me out A YEAR ago with a question I had… but… still, thanks!I think I turned him into a super!Harry, but I didn’t mean to? Blame the Deathly Hallows…  Also, my old Englishese is crap, so pretend everyone has proper grammar and pronunciation in ye old Asgard, none of this “doth mother know you weareth her drapes?” crap…! I completely changed all the dates around, and I’m using the traditional spellings for the Norse names, hence the “r” after some of the words. Also, another thing to keep in mind, before “Thor (the movie)” Thor is a brash, cruel, arrogant little shit. He loves his brother, but love doesn’t stop people from being selfish and cruel, nor from wanting what you can’t have even at another’s expense. Also, most everyone blames Loki’s actions in the movie on learning he was a frost giant, but he ruined Thor’s coronation by allowing Jötuns to attack Asgard out of jealousy over the throne alone. He attacked Jötunheimr to prove he wasn’t really one of them and to prove himself better than Thor to their father. Loki was jealous of more than just the throne: Mjölnir, their father’s favouritism, his inability to fit in… the love of Harry, perhaps? You see where I’m going with this? * * *  

“Berkana”

Disclaimer:  Harry Potter is property of JK Rowling, Bloomsbury, Warner Bros, et all. Thor, Loki, etc belong to Marvel, Stan Lee, et co. I make no money from this and own nothing, don’t sue.Summary:  [Loki/HP] Having mastered the ability to travel between worlds without the use of the Bifrost, Loki stumbles upon Harry Potter and decides to keep him, for all kings need a consort. Unfortunately, Thor has the same idea, when Loki brings Harry home to meet the family.Warnings:  Slash. Loki/HP. One-sided Thor/HP. Pre-Thor (the film). Ignores Avengers Assemble (the film). Violence. Language. AU. Typos. Mpreg. Character death. Creepiness. Arsehole-ary. Eventual happy ending. Attempted forced abortion?Rating:  NC-17.A/N: I put runes into their bag, and drew them, and the one that was chosen became the name of this story. Despite Ansuz and Thurisaz being the ones commonly associated with Loki. Berkana is the rune of the Norse god Tiw, whose name survives in the modern word, Tuesday. It signifies victory in battle, or the presence of a guiding star or planet.  
XXX
Words:  27,261Chapter 1
Loki might not have been as strong, or as brave, or as bold as his brother, but there was no denying he was smarter. That had been proved – well, perhaps not proved, since no one had yet to conclusively prove that Loki was at fault – when the All Father’s favourite stallion was found one morning with an eight-legged foal that Loki himself had given birth to. He had slipped beneath Heimdallr’s notice, escaped the man’s famous inescapable sight, and he had fooled them all. He had not needed the bifrost. He had not needed Heimdallr to travel back and forth, not like his brother or father did. Perhaps he would never tell them the truth about Sleipnir’s appearance or conception, but Loki would always know that he, himself, was smarter than them all. Those who had looked down on him; those that had laughed at his magic tricks and his jokes and accused him of telling lies; those that wished he were more like Thor Odinson, rather than Loki Odinson; those that wished ill of him: he was smarter than them all. Trickier. Cleverer. There was none that could beat him in a battle of wits, or of chess, or in magic. Much like none could beat Thor and his Mjölnir in battle. With the births of Hel and Fenrir and Jörmungandr, Loki tricked Heimdallr’s sight again and again, for he had had to sneak to Jötunheimr all of three times to sire them upon the giantess he had seduced to his bed. And while Odin thought, as he always did, that Loki was behind the mischief, he could never prove it because no one had seen Loki leave Asgard, nor leave Jötunheimr. Perhaps Odin hoped to stall Loki’s mischief-making, to somehow calm his youngest son’s adventurous nature somewhat, Odin betrothed him to Sigyn. It was a fortunate match, a good match for Loki, who despite being an Odinson, was not looked favourably upon by the majority of the Asgardians. “Why father?” Loki had asked, weeks ago, after first learning of the betrothal. Odin had looked at him, one eye gone long ago, an eye patch covering the wound, and the other narrowed in exhaustion. “Because,” he had said after a long silence, having glanced several times at his own wife and mother of his sons, “all Kings need a consort worthy of their King, my son.” It was that which had first sparked the idea within Loki’s mind. He had always known that only one of them could be king, only one of the two brothers could lead Asgard and preserve the peace between the Nine Realms, but to have been betrothed and given this as a reason, while Thor was still allowed to run wild, starting fights and seducing the servants? Was it n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Crossover

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

