Chapter 1: This is a SEARCH Party Dammit Guys
    




Chapter Text
Emotions are such an odd thing - a strange concept. Our brains tell us how something makes us feel, and our bodies respond. Joy can elicit laughter from the very bottom of your gut - anger can make your fists curl in on themselves automatically as if gearing up for the fight of a lifetime. But the worst emotion - the worst emotion is sadness. Devastation. Grief. Because sadness paralyzes you. It can bring a grown man who has seen more than any man has a right to down to his knees. It can make him shake with fear, it can light a rage inside of him that would carry him to his death and help him fight his way through hell.

 

James Buchanan Barnes was never a man who felt things, he had to be strong, so he was. So the onslaught of feelings he felt when he dropped the phone to the floor was paralyzing. Which was why James Buchanan Barnes had to go away for a while - and the Winter Soldier had to take the reigns.
------------

 

The first thing he had to do was find allies, he didn’t like working with a team, but he knew that he couldn’t retrieve his mission alone. He considered his options, and eventually decided that the four men that the mission called ‘Dad’ would be his first stop. They were difficult to track, but not impossible. He found them in the middle of what appeared to be a covert mission in Bahrain. The asset - No, Bucky Barnes - remembered the last time he was here, and the way that the mission - that Darcy - had protected him from those who sought to harm him. And his resolve, along with that of Barnes’, hardened even more.

 

“Dammit Carl! I thought I told you to stay in the van!” the large dark man that the Asset passed first yelled in his direction.
“Carl is in the van. He is unconscious,” he assured him before incapacitating him, and killing the men who had been engaged with the Assets target. Dragging his prone body to rest next to ‘Carls’. He set out after the other two.

 

The next one was easy to take down, his face showed surprise as he turned to face the Asset, and in doing so, lost the seconds it took Bucky to shoot him with the weapon that his mission had favoured. The second man, however, let out a howl of rage at seeing his partner knocked unconscious, and refused to listen to reason.
“You sonova bitch!” he yelled, charging at the asset with a force that he calculated would break three of his ribs if he did not dodge. Stepping neatly to the side, he cocked his head at the other man in confusion at his emotion.
“Your friend lives,” he told him, dodging another bodily attack.
“That’s my husband you psychotic piece of -” he snarled angrily, and the Asset decided that before he enlisted this man to assist in retrieving his mission, he would have to discuss his anger issues with him. He did not need emotion clouding anybodies decisions when it came to such precious cargo.

 

------------

 

Six minutes and Forty Three seconds later - the Asset counted - the first man awoke. From the files Bucky had studied, he knew his name was Jake Lewis, formerly Jake Greene, he was 6’3”,  a member of the prestigious Alpha Team, of African-American decent, and aged 47.
“Where the fuck is Darcy you piece of shit?!” His file also mentioned his affinity for loud and frequent swearing at those who had displeased him. The Asset noted that the mission - Darcy - must have learnt that trait from him. The Asset decided that the most prudent course of action was to await until all members of the party were awake before laying out his plan, so he sat at parade rest and waited for the others.

 

One minute and Three seconds after that, the second man came to his senses. This was one of the original parents of the - of the Darcy - and his name was Carl Lewis. He was a caucasian male aged 52, he had recently suffered a heart attack that caused him to retire from thirty years of service with the CIA.
“You listen here son, if you don’t untie us and tell me where my goddamn daughter is I will hurt you in ways you can’t even imagine,” His file also said that he was trained in interrogation. The Asset knew what this meant, and he doubted an American could possibly have the creativity of some of his past handlers. When he told him this, Carl Lewis shut up.

 

Exactly Thirty Five seconds after that, the last two woke up in sync. His files told him that they were a pair. Luke Garcia, formerly Luke Lewis - and even the Asset could see how that could cause problems in a marriage - was another of the original parents. He was a Hispanic male aged 51, and he had been serving in the Navy since age 18. He was the leader of the Alpha team, and was three inches taller than his second in command, Jake Lewis, formerly Jake Greene.
“I am going to kill you. It will be slow, and it will be painful, and you will regret ever laying eyes on my daughter,” His devotion to his family was not in his file, but knowing Darcy as he did, he could understand it.

 

The final
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Wade Wilson
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Remy LeBeau & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Antoine Triplett
Jemma Simmons/Sam Wilson
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Logan (X-Men)

freeform: 
The Author Regrets Everything
The Author Regrets Nothing
Fix It
But actually I made it worse
... - Freeform
you'll see - Freeform
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis-centric
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis Takes the World and Wins
powered people
Mechanical Engineer Darcy Lewis
Dramedy
Mutant!Darcy
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
shocker - Freeform
Darcy with powers
Shes a bad bitch and its about to be YOUR problem
Powers!Darcy
inHuman!Darcy
Logan is literally such a mother hen
But with more knuckle hair

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Wade Wilson
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Remy LeBeau & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Antoine Triplett
Jemma Simmons/Sam Wilson
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Logan (X-Men)

