Work Text:
 Bucky had said there was a bus that he could take from Manhattan, but when Steve mentioned it, Sam had tilted his head and said, "Really? Captain America on a bus?" And Natasha had warned him off the Port Authority. "Just take my word for it," she'd said. "You don't want to go there." The town of Tristia had no train station, though. In the end, Steve had to take the bike.It was late summer, and all through the Hudson Valley, the apple orchards were heavy with fruit. There were evergreen trees on the slopes of the hills, and he could smell them: pine needles, resin, dirt. He rode past fields where pumpkins were growing. In some places, ancient barns had caved in, silvered wood walls simply collapsing, like time was a weight that could not be borne, a physical force that pressed against them. Steve was older than some of those barns, he thought. But then, still, see: farms were farms, the land persisted. Here and there, orchards boasted historic pedigrees; towns retained the brick streets of some earlier era.He stopped by the roadside to buy early apples— not yet ripe, a little bit hard and green, but tasting the way he remembered apples. He stuck some in his rucksack, washed his face at a rest stop. He took the time to check his map. By now the Hudson had turned into the Mohawk. He was beginning to get that sense he had that, at some point outside New York City, the air became subtly, mysteriously colder, as though the city generated its own heat. He didn't know if this was a scientific fact, or just something he imagined. But all of those bodies, surely— in close quarters, though not so close as when he was young, when you'd sleep with seven children to a room, and hear the neighbors upstairs singing, making love, arguing. Out here the heat dissipated much faster. There was so much distance between bodies.
He got to Tristia around noon. It was smaller than he'd imagined: a few diners, a harness racing track, factories as ruined and as giant as castles, crawling with incomprehensible graffiti. He got a cup of coffee while texting Bucky to say, I'm in town, I'll be there soon.Bucky texted back: k.Steve could never work out which of them had adapted better to the brave new world of technology. Where Steve earnestly applied himself to almost every gadget— banking online, using Instagram, even editing Wikipedia where it seemed appropriate— Bucky flatly refused to own a TV, used a flip phone, and only emailed when impressed upon to do so. Steve thought he checked his email inbox maybe once a week. It wasn't that he didn't understand the tech; he just didn't want it."I don't not like it," he'd told Steve. "But I've got a lot going on in my life right now."Steve, who felt a sense of panic when away from his computer— thinking of all the work that went into handling his PR, handling PR for the Avengers team, and all the schoolteachers contacting him to ask Could he... ? Would he...?, and the charitable organizations all over the world, struggling with the burden of suffering— Steve, who furthermore sometimes felt when he missed a TV show that he had, in some obscure way, betrayed it, and who followed back everyone who followed him on Twitter— Steve resented this attitude, just a little.Bucky did have a website, or rather his business had a website, which Nick Fury's niece ran for him. (Nick had a niece, apparently. She was fourteen. She had braces. Steve had met her once. Bucky paid her fifty bucks a week.) "You know," Steve had said to him, "Stark Industries has really good programmers, they could set something up, I bet they wouldn't even charge you..."But Bucky liked Nina. "She made the website play music," he'd pointed out. An autoplayer on the splash page of the website looped Pachelbel's Canon in D, performed by Nina herself on the keyboard. Animated bees bounced in time to the music, twirling in tubby, balletic excitement. (Nina had also designed the bees.)"It's a big job for a teenager," Steve had tried.Bucky had looked bemused. "Not really, it isn't."Steve suspected that Nick, who was now supposed to be retired, mostly wanted to keep an eye on Bucky. But he knew when he had lost an argument. So Nina continued to act as the official web presence of The Happy Bumble Orchard and Apiary, diligently faxing Bucky internet orders, making spreadsheets of costs, and fielding questions about fall apple-picking."You have a fax machine?" Steve, flabbergasted, had asked when he found out.He could hear Bucky frown on the other end of the line. "Course I have a fax machine. Got to get the orders. Addresses and so forth."Steve had taken a deep breath, preparing to engage with this logic, but after a moment he blew it out thoughtfully. "Well," he'd said, "let me have your fax number."A week and a half later, he'd bought a fax machine on eBay. The next time he found he couldn't sleep, he sat at the kitchen counter and drew a quick cartoon sketch of two fat, hoary bumblebees. One of them was saying to the other, "
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
discussion of trauma
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Animal Death
Bees
Dogs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

