Work Text:
“Hi, Matt. Sorry to bug you, but I saw your presentation and I just wanted to say it was—wow, it was genius, seriously. It was the only one I didn’t doodle through.” The voice is friendly, if a little nervous. Pleasant, Matt thinks absently— light timbre, not too loud, a lot of inflection and emotion. Familiar, and it rings a dusty bell in the back of his mind. “Thank you.” He smiles genuinely, because he worked hard on that presentation and not a heart in the room had sped up with interest. No, that’s not true. One heart had, but it hadn’t been one of the people in charge, the people Matt was trying to convince, so he’d dismissed it. It had been another intern, one he remembered vaguely as... “Franklin, right?” He hears the man make a jokingly disgusted sound. “Ick, no thank you. The people who aren’t writing my paycheck in the blood of the innocent call me Foggy.” He says, sounding incredibly blasé about badmouthing his bosses. Matt tilts his head for a moment to listen, but there are no other people around to hear. At least Franklin—Foggy—isn’t dumb. “You probably shouldn’t say things like that.” He remarks mildly. “How do you know I’m not going to report you?” Foggy snorts. “You are not a toady spy, my friend. No one with any real desire to climb the corporate ladder would have suggested reallocating funds to charities, even for the publicity.” It’s a fair point. “It was still genius though. If anyone on the board had even a shred of humanity left in them, they would have said yes.” “Thank you.” Matt says again, smiling a little more widely. Sure, Foggy’s not the one he was trying to persuade, but it’s nice to know that at least someone thought it was convincing. “And your presentation was very nice too, on…” He stops, a brief flare of panic welling up. He wasn’t paying attention. Foggy had presented after him, and Matt was so busy trying to figure out a way to spin his idea into something that might actually be accepted that he’d completely zoned out. Damn. And now any bridges he might have built are going to be burnt because no one likes it when they’re ignored. Foggy laughs. “Don’t worry, I barely remember what I was talking about either. Totally boring, cut-and-dry. Mainly because I’m not quite as nobly committed to career suicide as you.” He doesn’t sound angry at all. Actually, he sounds rather amused, which is surprising. All of the other interns Matt’s run into have been rather hungry to prove their worth, and pompously self-important. Matt's beginning to realize that pride is the company motto. Pride and profit. “It’s sure it was good anyway.” He tries lamely, and Foggy laughs again. “You need to work on your poker face.” He tells Matt dryly. “It seems to be a requirement to work here. Although, I can’t really judge. I look like a tomato every time I have to speak in front of people—totally red, incredibly embarrassing. I’m actually sort of happy you can’t see it—oh, is that offensive?” He checks hastily, sounding worried. Matt shakes his head immediately. “No, not at all.” He assures him. “Actually, it’s nice to hear someone talk about it without tiptoeing.” Foggy laughs. “Yeah, tiptoeing is not my specialty. I’m a bull in a china shop at the best of times.” He informs Matt cheerfully, confidence seemingly restored. “So no worries about me treating you like glass.” Matt blinks at him. The phrasing is rather unique—it’s something he’s thought to himself all too often, a little bitterly. In the same words, actually, and it’s interesting to have someone look at it the same way without him bringing it up. Rather refreshing, actually. “I’m glad.” He says honestly. He takes a moment to consider Foggy more carefully, now that he knows to 'look'. No overbearing cologne, which is rare—the men here seem to think that others can smell their success if they wear something pricy enough, but it just leaves Matt feeling ill. Foggy smells slightly of coconut and chocolate—shampoo and afternoon snack, Matt thinks. It’s not overwhelming though, just sweet and a little rich. Cheaper suit than Matt would have guessed, judging by the way it sounds sliding against his shirt. The interns here get paid relatively well, but Foggy appears not to care overly much about impressing others with his appearance. His hair appears to support this theory—Matt can hear the tips just barely brushing across his shoulders when Foggy moves, much too long for the professional image of Landman and Zack. Foggy must be very good at his job for them to let it slide. Running a little warm, and heartbeat a bit faster than normal. He’s very open and a good talker, but also still a little anxious. “Not to be rude, but is there something you wanted to ask me?” Matt asks carefully. “You seem a little nervous.” Foggy laughs again, and it’s definitely nervous. His heartbeat speeds up a little more, and Matt smells the salt as Foggy begins to sweat just the smallest bit—mild, probably his hands. “Uh, yeah, actually.” Foggy starts, sound
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Landman and Zack
Interns & Internships
Dating
Origin Story

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

