Work Text:
Erik wakes up with tears streaming down his face. For a disoriented moment, he isn’t even aware of where he is. His heart is hammering in his chest, and he tastes ashes on his tongue, and everything is dark and frightening. He hurt Charles. He hurt Charles. He can’t breathe. He can barely think. With a ragged gasp, he raises his hands to his head, intent on tearing off that goddamned helmet, wanting to fill that terrible emptiness in his head and heart—
Except his fingers meet sweaty hair instead of cool metal, and when he turns rapidly in the bed, the world spinning dizzily around him, there is Charles—beautiful, unbroken Charles in all of his glory with his eyes closed in slumber instead of open and staring straight at Erik with a betrayal that was enough to sear straight to Erik’s soul. 
For a moment, he can’t believe the sight in front of him. He’s scarcely breathing as he stares down at Charles’s still form, one arm draped above the covers, fingers uncurled and reaching for Erik in sleep. He is speechless. This can’t be real. He’d seen—he’d seen Charles fall, and he’d held Charles in his arms as they’d both said the wrong things because they were imperfect and they hadn’t known what to say. He’d felt the strange coppery sheen of Charles’s blood on his hands—so mortal, so human—and he’d stood up and walked away from his best friend like nothing at all had happened—like he hadn’t left Charles broken in the red sand—and how could he have done that—
Suddenly desperate, Erik reaches forward and jerks the covers down around Charles’s waist. The telepath stirs in his sleep but doesn’t open his eyes, and Erik runs searching fingers across pale skin and touches that exact spot where the bullet had torn a bloody hole in this beautiful body, and…and it’s not there. There is no hole. Charles is uninjured. Charles is fine. 
This is real. 
Erik sucks in a full breath finally and lets the hopeless relief take him. He sits up and rests his elbows on his knees and can’t help but sob. He feels lightheaded with all the relief that pulses through him, and he cries because he’d been so fucking scared, and he’s never been that frightened, not even when Shaw had strapped him down to a table and held that shining scalpel over his heart. He remembers deflecting that bullet and the heart-stopping sound of Charles’s cry, and that makes his heart ricochet against his rib cage, knowing how real it was, how real it could be. God, he’d been planning to kill Shaw, keeping his plans hidden from Charles all this time, hoping beyond hope that Charles would somehow forgive him in the end, but if that is what comes out of those plans, how could he…how could he ever even consider…
Suddenly it’s not enough to sit next to Charles. He needs to touch, to hold, to reassure himself that this is real, and Charles is fine, and that that was all just a stupid dream. Rolling over, he presses his wet face against Charles’s bare back and wraps the telepath into a crushing embrace. He doesn’t care if he’ll wake Charles up, he just burrows himself as far as he can into this man, this beautiful, trusting, naïve fool who is the only thing who means anything in this world of nothings. He breathes raggedly into Charles’s neck, not even trying to get himself under control, and that is how Charles wakes up, groggy and confused to find Erik plastered against his back and crying into the hollow between his neck and his shoulder. 
It’s embarrassing, or at least it should be. Erik feels mildly abashed, but he’s so far beyond caring at that point that he doesn’t even move as he feels Charles shift uncomfortably. He’d almost lost Charles—damn it, he knows what it’s like to lose Charles, and any and all embarrassment pales in comparison to that thought. So he clings for all he’s worth, ignoring Charles’s hesitant, “Erik…?” 
After a moment, he feels Charles’s mind nudge against his. Normally, he’d recoil. Normally, he’d ask Charles to please leave his thoughts alone because they’re private, not for nosy telepaths, thank you very much. But right then, he welcomes it. In fact, he wants it, wants it more than anything else. He throws his mind open wide and says, Please, please, please, look, look at me, I never want to shut you out again, give me everything, take everything, take whatever you want. 
Charles’s eyes snap open wide, and he goes rigid in Erik’s arms, and Erik thinks that he should have toned down the desperation in his thoughts a little, but he can’t fix that now. His emotions must be spilling over, and Charles must be bombarded, but Erik doesn’t know how to just stop feeling all of this. He holds Charles tightly to his chest and thinks, Safe, safe, you’re safe with me now, I’m so sorry…
“Erik,” Charles says aloud, looking bewildered and anxious all at once, “what’s happened?”
It takes him a moment to find his voice. When he does, it comes out hoarse and thick. “I…there was a dream, and you…oh god, Charles, I’m sorry, I couldn’t…I broke you.” His 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Fix-It
Nightmares
Erik is scared
Charles knows everything
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

