Work Text:
Clint is a liar. Natasha twists the truth to her own ends, and Clint is aware that's more effective, but he can't help himself. Occasionally he enjoys lying outrageously. If somebody asks him something vaguely personal, he spouts off the most outlandish lie he can think of.He lies much more now, and in much subtler ways.In debrief, Hill asks him to detail his time with Loki, and Clint thinks about Selvig, about what he knows and will tell SHIELD about their time under Loki's thrall, and carefully edits his account accordingly. He tells Hill that, for all purposes, he'd been in his right mind. The scepter had simply pushed parts of Clint aside in his own head and replaced them with an unwavering loyalty to Loki. A transcriber takes it all down.He doesn't say that there was bleed through. Selvig has probably already told them.“Selvig says you spent a lot of time alone with Loki,” Hill comments, looking at the man's report. “What happened then?”“He asked me about SHIELD and the Avengers. Wanted to know your pasts and weaknesses and response protocols. I told him.” Clint isn't lying, here. But this is not the whole truth either. Hill looks him in the face. “Selvig also managed to fight Loki's control enough to insert a backup into the device,” The what about you? that follows that thought is hardly silent.“I shot Fury in the chest, ma'am,” Clint tells her, and he does not flinch under her gaze. “Not in the head.” And this is the lie. Center mass was automatic. Clint's bleed through was not like Selvig's. Under the table, Clint flexes his right hand.“I see,” Hill says, and dismisses him. Clint leaves, because he's not allowed back into any SHIELD facilities until the internal investigation is over. He'll have to clear all the tests they will come up with to check for residual programming, as well. Until then, he's in the wind. He doesn't know where else to go. He's always lived out of his bunk, to be ready for an assignment at a moment's notice, but he's not allowed back there now. He has a single bag that someone had delivered to Hill, the entirety of his meager belongings packed neatly by whoever was assigned the task.He thinks of sleeping in a homeless shelter. It wouldn't be the first time. He gets to one and it's crowded, too many people, and Clint can't stay. The thought makes his skin itch. He doesn't know what else to do except find someplace out of the way to bunk down. He doesn't sleep, though, just gets more and more anxious the longer he's still. Clint roams the streets, sleep deprived, for nearly a week before Natasha tracks him down. Her lips are pressed into a hard white line, and before, Clint would have known what that meant, but now she seems somehow far away, inaccessible to him. Clint is too numb to really care.“Why didn't you get a motel?” she asks him, and sits down next to him, her shoulder brushing his, and Clint does not flinch. He flexes the fingers of his right hand. He can control his body enough for this. It doesn't stop him from feeling a crawling in that arm, like ants beneath his skin. He has to fight the urge to pull away. It's not easy.Clint doesn't want her attention. He doesn't want her to know. “My accounts are all still frozen,” he tells her, and wouldn't she be proud, he's learning how to lie by telling the truth.“Come with me,” she says, and Clint follows her and doesn't think about where they are going.She takes him to Stark Tower, and Clint musters enough energy within himself to protest, because he doesn't know these people, he doesn't want to be around anyone. It takes all of his effort to stand near them without flinching and Clint doesn't have anything left for things like discussion over breakfast. Miss Potts shows Clint his room and he locks himself in and doesn't plan to come out.He sleeps a little after that, with trip wires over the door and window, a couple of hours at a time, but it isn't restful. He wakes sitting up with his pistol in hand more often than not, and sometimes his dreams bring him back to aching knees and a bowed head and slender fingers reaching in and brushing him just there, an electric shock of pleasure that Clint is so happy his master is willing to give him.When he dreams those dreams, he wakes with an aching between his legs and I chose you so well, little soldier echoing in his ears, and it's wrong. Clint gets up and takes a shower, and he scrubs until his skin is red and raw and the patter of water on it is painful.Another week goes by, and Natasha gets into his room and makes him come out. She stuffs him full of food, but Clint's headache is making him nauseous and he doesn't keep it down. When he comes out of the bathroom, Captain America is making some kind of soup on the stove, and Clint stands for a moment as he tries to reconcile this man with the one that had led them into battle and the one on Phil's trading cards.Clint has to white-knuckle the doorway for a second to keep himself from throwing up again, because Phil i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con References
Dubious Consent
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Self-Esteem Issues
Rape Recovery
Angst
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

