Chapter 1: the roots have to end somewhere
    




Chapter Text
The mansion always felt empty when Tony got home.
It had been six weeks since Ultron had tried to destroy the human race. 
Since Clint had vanished to the undisclosed location of his real life. 
Since Thor had left for Asgard with fear in his eyes and Loki’s name a curse on his lips. 
Since they’d last seen Bruce hunched over a jet console with devastation on the Other Guy’s face. 
Since Natasha had stared at him with dead eyes when he told her that his stealth technology had worked a little too well. 
Since Steve had moved out and into the new Avengers HQ.
No J.A.R.V.I.S.
No Pepper.
And that was an ache that wouldn’t go away. She’d been so pissed at him. That he’d even conceived of Ultron in the first place without talking to her about it. Not even the week long Maui vacation after the chaos had changed her mind. They were through. 
She agreed to stay on as CEO because she loved her job and loved Tony. But they, as TonyandPepper, were done.
Tony rubbed his eyes and looked around the house. He’d told Steve that it was time to hang up the suit, to pass the baton, to stop trying to save the world.
Who was going to save him now?
~o0o~
Steve watched Natasha put the new Avengers through their paces. 
Rhodey was hesitant about hitting a girl. It had been funny for the first minute. Then Natasha had kicked his ass and suddenly Rhodey took it seriously. 
Sam Wilson had no such reservations and the awkward flirting had been sort of amusing to watch. 
And as for Wanda Maximoff, frankly, she terrified him. Since Pietro’s death she’d had little concern for her own health. She took risks and Steve wondered if she would survive without her twin.
Vision was a beast in the air, but needed work on hand to hand combat. He seemed to be good at keeping Wanda from flying apart too. Sometimes Steve thought love shone out of those artificial eyes.
He wondered if Tony had some advice for him. He tamped down the knee-jerk urge to pull out his phone.
“Call him.” Pepper came up behind him, put a hand on his shoulder. She’d come in for a meeting with Fury about some new Stark tech that everyone wanted and nobody had. It was good to see her.
“Call who?” Steve liked to pretend he wasn’t completely see-through.
Pepper just looked at him, one perfect eyebrow arched. Natasha tended to do that with him a lot too. “Captain.” That one word held a weight of remonstration. “He misses you too, you know.” She moved her hand from his shoulder to tuck into his elbow.
Steve’s shoulders were tense and he avoided her gaze. “He has chosen to step out of the Avengers Initiative and I respect his decision.” He sounded formal and stiff and he was lying through his teeth.
“Don’t be an ass, Steve. You’re better than this, than him.” Pepper stared at the group in training. “He’s your friend, not just Iron Man. Tony needs a friend right now.” Her mouth turned down. “And I can’t be that friend just yet.”
“Rhodey…” Steve began, wondering what she meant.
Pepper’s gaze narrowed. “Don’t you even go there, Steven Rogers. Right now, Tony is lost and you need to find him.” Her hand clenched on his arm. “He’s falling apart and you have to catch him.” She waved her other hand at the new team. “He said you didn’t even ask him to stay.”
Steve felt sick. “I thought….” He swallowed hard. “He said…”
Pepper dropped her head to lean against his shoulder. “Since when did you ever take anything Tony said at face value?”
~o0o~
Tony felt the most at home in his workshop. DUM-E kept twitching at him, poking him and beeping in increasingly concerned whines.
Fingers deep within the bowels of a particle accelerator, Tony convinced himself that he was fine like this, that he preferred the house echoing in silence. He’d always been good at putting things away, filing them so that they didn’t bother him.
“Sir?” His new AI, F.R.I.D.A.Y., had a nice voice, but she wasn’t J.A.R.V.I.S.
“Yeah?” He had a screw between his teeth as he wrestled with a bolt that wasn’t in the right place.
“You have a visitor.”
His head shot up. “Who?” He didn’t want to guess. He didn’t want to hope.
“It’s a Mr. James Barnes, Sir.” 
Tony froze. “What?”
“Would you like me to tell him that you’re not at home?” 
“No!” Tony took the stairs up from the workshop two at a time. “Let him in!”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. swung the double doors open obediently. The man standing in front of Tony wasn’t the same guy who’d been laughing with Steve in his dad’s photos of the Howling Commandos. This man was damaged in a way that made Tony’s heart break.
“Mr. Stark?” His voice was cracked and rough as though he’d spent years screaming. He quite possibly had, if what Steve had told him was true. 
“Tony.” He held out his hand. “Call me Tony, and get your ass in here.” 
Barnes just stared at him until Tony surged forward, grabbing onto him, afraid he’d disappear again. “Please. Come in.” Tony waited, holding his breath until Barnes took that one step towards him.
“We’ve been looking 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Friday & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Tony Stark Has Issues
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
POV Steve Rogers
POV Tony Stark
POV Alternating
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Science Bros
Avengers Tower
Stark Spangled Soldier - Freeform
Ragnarok
Past Rape/Non-con
Sibling Incest
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
I cannot Science or Math
Saving the World
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Yggdrasil - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Friday & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

