Work Text:
The vapor is a faint green color, and judging from the looks on the rest of the teams’ faces, it doesn’t smell very good. Or taste very good, apparently, since Hawkeye just vomited in the middle of the street. “Lookin’ a little green there, buddy. Careful, Hulk’ll get jealous,” Tony quips, thankful, yet again, for the suit’s filtration system. Hawkeye groans over the comm, and somewhere in the distance, the Hulk roars. Tony wonders if the vapor affects him, as well. Steve doesn’t seem to be too messed up by it. He’s still walking straight-- unlike Natasha, who’s run into the same car three times, can she even see?-- and he’s not vomiting, and not running around like a maniac, like Thor, like a puppy who’s just been taken outside after spending the whole night in his crate.  “Avengers, report!” Tony winces at the sound in his ear, because hello, Cap, you don’t need to yell. “I’m fine,” he says, shrugging. Not that anyone can see him while he’s up in the air. None of the others report back, though, and okay, maybe Tony’s starting to get a little worried. He lands next to Steve, puts his hands on his hips. “I think it’s affecting everyone differently,” Tony says, watching the team struggle to get themselves together. Steve doesn’t say anything, just nods, and Tony scoffs. “Fine, I guess I’ll call Richards. See you back at the Tower!”And he’s off, calling Reed on his way back to the lab. ---“Hey Cap,” Tony says, not looking up from his armor. Who else would be walking into his lab? Pepper’s on some business trip, and as far as Tony knows the rest of the team is being examined by Richards and his team. “What’s the story? We know what’s making everyone go bananas yet?” “No,” Steve says, voice much lower and much quieter than usual. There’s something else wrong with it, but Tony can’t quite place it. “Reed’s working very hard, though.” Steve approaches Tony from behind, leans his hip on the table, almost uncomfortably close. And, all right, it’s not really a secret that Tony has a thing for Steve, for Captain America, but he’s had it since he was eight years old. It’s not something he’s ever expected to come to fruition, because they’re best friends, and it’s a childhood crush. Whatever. He wasn’t aware that Steve had caught on. And, come to think of it, it’s not really like Steve to taunt someone, so maybe it’s a harmless mistake. Yep. That sounds reasonable. Maybe the vapor made Steve lose his personal boundaries or something. “Watch out. Might get burned,” Tony says, much quieter than usual, and Steve smirks at him like nothing Tony’s ever seen or expected. He knows he’s seen that face before, but not on Steve, and usually he’s the one smirking like that at other people and--oh. Steve reaches out, runs a finger down the edge of Tony’s button-down, that smirk still plastered on his face. “Maybe I’d like to get burned,” Steve murmurs, and Tony’s breath hitches at the sound of Steve’s voice alone. Jesus fuck.Steve reaches the bottom, tugs on the hem of Tony’s shirt and slips the bottom button free.  “Hey, I like this shirt too, but if you want to borrow something, you ask,” Tony says, deflecting, making a joke out of something that he doesn’t understand, as always. He tries not to concentrate on the way Steve’s smirk gets bigger, on the way his fingers nimbly work their way to the top in almost no time. Tony tries not to gasp when Steve pushes the shirt off of his shoulders, the cold air of the workshop making goosebumps rise on his arms. Steve tugs the shirt down Tony’s arms and leaves it in a heap on the floor. Tony pretends he’s not breathing as heavily as he is and he pretends he doesn’t see the way Steve’s pupils are dilated, or the way he licks at his lower lip at the sight of Tony’s exposed arms. “Steve, what are you doing?” Tony has to ask, because while he’s kind of okay with this, he’s not sure he’s okay with where things are going (no, that’s a lie, he’s perfectly fine where this is going), or why Steve’s doing this in the first place. What if this is just the vapor? No, this has to be the vapor, there’s no other explanation. Steve doesn’t answer, just puts his hands on Tony’s hips and changes their position, pins him to the table, his fingertips teasing under the hem of Tony’s tank top. Tony’s stomach flutters at each brief touch, and he tries to squirm away, but Steve catches him. “This really isn’t a good idea. You need to go to Reed, he’ll help you, I promise. This isn’t--” Tony gasps as Steve’s hands slide up his torso, taking the tank top as they go, the sudden full skin contact making Tony tense up. “This isn’t right,” he manages to choke out, and Steve laughs, a sound low in his throat that goes straight to Tony’s cock. “Isn’t it?” Steve asks, leaning in, leaving the tank top rucked up around Tony’s collarbone. His hands slide down again, a thumb catching a nipple, rough, and Tony makes an embarrassing noise. “Isn’t this what you want?”Tony closes his eyes, turns his head away as Steve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Consent Issues
Sex Pollen

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

