Work Text:
On a good day, Tony trusts Nick Fury about as far as he can toss the guy. He's excessively uptight, prone to unnecessary delusions of grandeur, and is unquestionably dangerous without a healthy dose of oversight in the form of JARVIS's carefully cultivated arsenal of hacks and viruses—but Fury is not an idiot, and his decisions usually hold up under reasonable scrutiny.The current situation kind of blows all of Tony's preconceived notions out of the water and straight up into deep space.  It starts, as these things tend to, in Bruce's lab on the helicarrier. Tony's regular contractors are still finalizing repairs on the tower after Doctor Doom blew it up (again) in August, so Bruce is doing R&D for Tony and miscellaneous work for SHIELD on the flying ship again. Things have been boring for a while: no big bad alien invasion plot in over three months, no Red Skull rising from the dead since October, no best-friend-of-living-legend turned KGB sleeper agent come calling in twice that time. As it is, all's quiet on the extraterrestrial front, Johann Schmidt's marinating in some maximum-security prison, and Bucky Barnes is running black ops on the Russian mafia for Fury. It's the longest they've gone without the threat of impending global annihilation since Tony first privatized world peace.Tony figures this warrants whatever celebration Fury has in mind—but then, Tony's of the opinion that everything warrants half a dozen wine and cheese platters and several boxes of pizza at the very least, so he might not be the best judge.He eases his thrusters back and admires the Jolly Roger he appropriated earlier flapping proudly in the wind above the UN flag before flying inside. Clint and Natasha are already conversing lowly next to one of the monitors. Steve's lurking by the door, as if he's unsure whether or not to go in."Stop lurking by the door, Cap," Tony says, brushing past him breezily.Steve frowns at him. "I didn't want to distract the good doctor from his work."Tony thumbs the bracelet on his wrist and raises his eyebrows. "Afraid he'll jump the wrong way and let the Other Guy out to play? I assumed we were long past that.""That's not what I meant and you know it.""You should say what you mean, then, instead of making excuses for yourself—""Jesus," Bruce interrupts placidly, his fingers still flying over the dual screens he's working with. "Will you two ever learn to shut up?"Tony blinks. "What, you aren't hopelessly endeared by my dashing good looks and acerbic wit? Bruce, I'm hurt.""It's not that," he says, voice dry. "The constant arguing was hilarious at first, but—well, Natasha explains it best."Everyone in the room (save Bruce, who's fiddling with a couple of long equations that make Tony's fingers itch) turns to Natasha."You need to bone or get out," she says bluntly, shrugging. "The unresolved sexual tension in the room is giving me a headache, and your incessant bickering isn't great for morale.""We do not need to bone," Tony protests, "and excuse you, I have chemistry with everything," not particularly offended but feeling like he should be—at the same time Steve asks, classically naïve, what boning means.Before anyone can provide the national treasure with a crash course on sex education and current lingo, the door to the lab slides open again. "Midgardians," Thor says, inclining his head in greeting."Fabio," Tony returns. He reaches up to pat him on the shoulder. "How's the new Bifröst working out for you?""Remarkably," he says, the hearts in his eyes a rather solid indication that he's about to start projectile vomiting about how genius Dr. Foster and Dr. Selvig are—not that Tony feels inadequate or anything. He merely has a different set of priorities. "Asgard sends its salutations.""Um, I feel saluted," Tony offers."Thanks," Steve tells Thor, and shoots Tony a quelling look."Is there a problem?" Tony asks casually."No problem," he says. "I was just thinking how terrible a diplomat you'd make, all style and panache and no substance.""Really? I'll have you know that I'm a perfectly charming ambassador. How do you think I made it in the weapons industry for so long—""Ah, yes, always falling back onto your war profiteering, as if that's something to be proud of—""Shut up!" Clint and Bruce yell together."See what you're doing to us?" Natasha says, crossing her arms.Thor's forehead wrinkles. "Are Steven and Anthony in a fight?""We're fine," Tony says. "Just because we enjoy a little verbal sparring—"Natasha raises her eyebrows."Alright," he rectifies, "just because we argue all the time doesn't mean we're in a fight—"Thor still looks confused. "They need to fuck it out," Natasha, queen of tact, says, inspecting her fingernails."—or that we need to have sex. Not that I haven't thought about it before," Tony adds, grinning in satisfaction when Steve turns an interesting shade of puce as the other shoe drops. "Loosen the huge stick up his ass, you know. Just another day.""Oh," Steve says. He pi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slice of Life
Crack

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

