Work Text:
Steve nudges the cotton of Tony’s t-shirt upward and presses his lips to  Tony’s stomach, just above his navel, and the touch of his mouth  tingles warm against his skin, twists something up tight in Tony's chest.  Steve keeps pushing the fabric up, far enough to reveal the arc  reactor, and Tony squirms as Steve follows his hand with his mouth,  trying not to feel self-conscious, because just because Steve’s  musculature looks like some kind of Greek statue, the really hot kind, doesn’t mean he himself  has anything to be ashamed of in the athletics department.  His body  isn’t supposed to be perfect, and Steve’s is, so there.  Steve’s kisses  are open-mouthed and feel somehow sincere, all artless lips and tongue  and teeth and the warmth of his breath against Tony’s skin.  Tony moans  to encourage him, tilts his head back and spreads his legs for Steve to  kneel between them, to move even closer, right up against the end of the  bench Tony’s sitting on, and Steve scoots forward willingly.  Steve’s  big hand splays warm on his side as he mouths at the arc reactor in  Tony’s chest, trailing his tongue over it, and Tony hears himself make a  small, tight noise, and his hand comes up to tangle in Steve’s hair  without his meaning it to.  The other pats down over Steve’s bare  shoulder, all that warm skin and strong muscle flexing under his palm as  he strokes his hand down over his back.  Tony swallows and tugs Steve  closer, and Steve follows, trailing his lips lower, over Tony’s belly  and the muscles of his abdomen, following the path of his mouth with his  hand, and for a moment Tony can’t believe it, is he really going to—his  cock jerks at the thought, he can’t help it; he’s gone down on Steve  plenty of times, of course, but he’d never even thought—despite all the  fantasies he’s had, and yeah, there’ve been a few, about Steve’s sweet, honest and frankly gorgeous mouth wrapped around his cock, which is—
 
Steve  skims his hand down Tony’s thigh, and then tugs down his boxers with a  quick jerk, and Tony lifts his hips to help, still in shock, feeling hot  all over as Steve takes a deep breath and licks his lips, and he’s  really going to—Tony can’t breathe as Steve stares at his cock, his eyes  narrowed a little, like it’s a tactical problem of some sort.
 
“I  don’t know how to do this,” Steve says finally, and the color is high  in his cheeks as he looks down, as if he’s embarrassed, as if this is a  skill he should have learned by now, pulling his hand away from Tony’s  hip.
 
Tony is actually glad he doesn’t, that this is something  Steve has never done before, and God, he feels ridiculously smug about  that, a kind of possessive satisfaction that makes him feel hot and  dizzy, makes his dick twitch.  He takes a deep breath and tries his best  to think through the desire building hot and thick in him, roaring in  his ears, reaching out to catch Steve’s hand before it can go too far  and tug it back, holding it to his hip, nudging it around until Steve’s  broad fingers are curved around his ass and Steve’s ears have gone all  red.  He wriggles, a little, against Steve’s hand, and Steve’s fingers  tighten, digging into his skin.  “Don’t worry about that, you pick stuff  up fast, you’ll get it,” he says.  “There’s nothing to it, really.”   Steve looks at him dubiously, up through his eyelashes, a seductive move  that Tony is certain Steve is not pulling on purpose, especially  considering the uncertain expression on his face.  “We can go slow,” he  promises recklessly, curls his fingers around the back of Steve’s head  and tugs, just a little.
 
Steve nods, and then wraps his other  hand around the base of Tony’s cock, which is enough warm and solid  pressure to make Tony gasp a little breathlessly even as Steve leans  forward and sucks just the very tip of Tony’s dick into his mouth.  Tony  watches, and the sight of it makes him groan, dizzy, and that’s nothing  on the feeling.  Steve’s mouth is warm and wet and tentative, and Tony  can feel his tongue swipe awkwardly against him as Steve takes more of  his dick in, and that’s—Tony concentrates very hard on not moving, on  not bucking his hips up even a little.  He doesn’t want to  make Steve choke, he . . . really doesn’t want that.  Steve looks up at  him as if wondering how he’s doing, and Tony moans, because Steve  looking up at him with that question in his eyes while his dick is in  his mouth is so ridiculously hot and—and.  “Oh, God, Steve,” he says out  loud, his voice a hoarse, breathless moan, and apparently that’s what  Steve wants to hear, because his eyes shift down, back to Tony’s cock  between his lips.  He sucks a little, experimentally, and Tony has  offhand, scattered thoughts about spontaneous human combustion.  His body feels hot against his own skin, after all, too hot, and—his fists  clench with the effort of not jerking forward into Steve’s mouth, and  Steve is sucking more of him in—too much, he’s going to choke in a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

