Chapter 1: Tony's POV
    




Chapter Text
Tony first found the kid because there was a wallet in his pocket.Tony  didn't have a wallet. He had a famous face, a phone, and an assistant  to take care of anything that might need a wallet and none of them  messed up the lines of his suits.Well, his assistants before  Pepper had sometimes messed up the lines of his suit, and at the moment  he was post-Pepper and pre whoever came next, so maybe he should have  been carrying a wallet, but the fact remained that he hadn't been at the  start of the evening and by the end of the evening, he had been.It had been a wallet for a Bernard Hugh Cunningham the fourth, which was just embarrassing.He  hadn't needed to hack into any security systems to figure out what had  happened because it turned out that nearly everyone who had gone to that  party with a wallet had gone home with someone else's. The venue was  highly embarrassed, most of the party-goers were highly incensed, and  Tony was highly amused.What did take some extra hacking was to  figure out who had done it, because the venue's security detail had  failed entirely to pinpoint any particular individual.Tony, well,  okay, JARVIS had managed to identify one person and track him down to  the New York Public Library the following day, where he was writing a  combination of rude comments and brilliant corrections into the physics  texts. Tony recognized that look of sulky boredom. He'd informed the kid  that he was hired and then asked him his name, since not even JARVIS  had managed to actually find the kid's records yet.Young,  gorgeous, brilliant, a sense of humor that led to practical jokes, and  without the money that had helped Tony survive, Tony wasn't at all  surprised that the kid—Loptr Laufeyjorson—was also sullen, defensive and hurting. He  couldn't do anything about the past, but he could do something about the  future.Their discussion about quantum particles on the drive  back to his place had been wonderful and given him all sorts of ideas.  They were co-writing an academic article for publication and trying to  figure out a practical implementation within three days.By the  next week, when Loptr let him know that there was a board meeting in the  afternoon and either Tony was going or Loptr was going with Tony's  proxy vote, the glint in Loptr's eyes had Tony suiting up and paying  attention in the meeting.Pepper was impressed. Tony was  impressed, too. Working with Loptr felt a bit like driving one of his  cars on the best of twisty mountain roads. Tony was in control, but only  just. Any moment, any lack of attention or just plain bad luck could  throw them both off a cliff at high speed. Loptr was clearly Tony's kind  of assistant.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
None
