Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You could join me, you know.  You don't have to just stand there staring.”Loki jumps.  Actually jumps.  “I- I wasn’t,” he stammers as he backs away, knowing even as he’s speaking that he’s only digging himself in that much deeper.  “Sorry to bother you.  Really.”As he turns and hurries away, shoulders up around his ears and face burning, he hears the man call after him.  “Hey, you don’t have to go.  Come back.”He doesn’t.  He actually sprints for a short while and then drops back to walking, still moving as fast as his legs will carry him.  He doesn’t turn to look, and he doesn’t hesitate.  He’s fucked up enough already.It isn’t until Loki has put a hill and a small park between them – until he reaches the outskirts of town, where farm and woodland begin to give way to the sterile orderliness of suburbia – that he stops to catch his breath.  By that time he’s a sweaty mess, shirt sticking uncomfortably to back and front and his hair plastered to his cheekbones.  He doubles over, hands on knees, panting.“Awesome,” he says aloud once he can breathe again, because it’s early Tuesday afternoon and all the normal people are at their desk jobs.  “Way to make an ass of yourself, jerkoff.”~The house – a faded yellowish Italianate beauty long vacant and at least 30 years of benign neglect past its prime – had caught Loki’s eye years and years ago.He’d taken a chance once, early on, and had let himself in through a kitchen door hanging half off its hinges.  That one time had been more than enough to satisfy his curiosity with regards to the interior; the place was in surprisingly good condition, all things considered.  Still, it had been left empty (or long since stripped of any personal possessions) with pretty much nothing to look at.There’s only so much pigeon shit a person can step around before things get a little boring.~What had never lost its capacity to fascinate, though, was the pool.It must have been quite the thing in its glory, Loki often thought as he strolled past it.  Pool didn’t really do the whole feature justice; it was a series of raceways and waterfalls and interconnected stone-walled basins stretching halfway around the house, with a large, rectangular enclosure at one end that had to have been intended for swimming.Everything had long since been overrun with moss and underbrush.  Even so,  Loki couldn’t escape its pull.  Once or twice he’d actually walked up the sloping yard and stood alongside the low stone border, looking down at the foot or two of brackish sludge.Most days, though, he’d just stopped for a minute or two to ponder how it must have looked in its- its youth.~Unlike all his corporate-slave neighbors, Loki works – if you want to call it that, which he does - as a freelance writer.  Mostly.  Or not so mostly, really.  He does what he wants when he wants and sells the odd article when his cupboards are bare.  His editor hates him.He’s okay with that.  It’s decidedly mutual.Loki likes the way things have worked out, all told.  His schedule is his own.  He can enjoy things – like the stately vacant house and its crumbling pools – at his convenience, without the nuisance of prying eyes or the heads that keep them up out of the dirt.~About two years ago now, things at the house had abruptly gotten a little more interesting.  Someone must have bought the property, because practically overnight all the hallmarks of Major Home Repair – the scaffolding, the stacks of lumber, the tarps and shingles and shiny strips of metal – had replaced the raspberry canes and weed trees that had long since overrun the side yard.It’s yet another thing that works out nicely.  Loki invariably does his walking (which he can and normally does pass off as working, because moving about tends to gives him space to think) during the week, when no one is around.The mystery home benefactor works his (or her?) slow alchemy on the weekends.They never run across one another, which is perfect.~The process itself proves endlessly intriguing.  Come Friday, Loki stops by and carefully studies the house in its present state.  He commits every last detail to memory.  Sometimes, if there’s something he really wants to savor, he even takes a few pictures with his phone.Saturday and Sunday, he stays away.  On the weekend he typically (and reluctantly) rejoins the land of the living:  groceries, bills, mail, the mundane activities that, taken together, comprise the cost (and the bane) of living as a modern-day human.  If life has been especially unkind, he drags himself to the mall.  Or to lunch with his editor, long may she live (even if it is just to make him suffer).  “You have to understand people to write about them,” she tells him.  “You know that,”She’s wrong.  He knows that.  Or maybe she isn’t, and he does understand people.It doesn’t leave much hope for the world.He does need the money, though.~On Monday mornings, Loki performs his small ritual.  He gets up early, relatively speaking, and pu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Self-Esteem Issues
Angst
Isolation
Past Abuse

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

