Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The trip had been in silence. Utter silence. It was as if the moment that the metallic piece had been so roughly wrapped around his mouth, Loki lost the sense of all other sounds that life could make. He didn't bother to make so much as a mumble or moan beneath the mask, it clinging over his lips and biting at his tongue. He knew that his older brother wouldn't so much as glare at him if he even attempted a sound. In fact, Thor hadn't seemed to acknowledge Loki's simple existence.Not after what had happened; Thor would never look at him the same way, nobody ever would. Loki was sure that he was as good as dead the moment he stepped back home, back to THOR'S home. Loki couldn't consider such a place as Asgard his home anymore. He wasn't an Asgardian, so why need he bother? He wasn't going to get a warm welcome, or pulled into the happy arms of a weeping, worried mother like Thor was, so was there anything to bother for in such a horrid, miserable sentiment? It was something that Loki didn't want to feel anyways; it would have only added emotional baggage that he had long since taught himself to hate, manage to drag him into even greater throes of anger.The demigod tried to keep his mind from the clinking of the shackles around his wrists, rubbing his skin raw and painfully red the more he tried to move, or his taking step after step down the hallways of the main throne to their-Thor's…father. Loki could feel the gaze upon his body as he approached the throne, boring deep into his very soul. He could feel the judgment pressing down upon him, the air getting thick and hard to swallow.Loki didn't even try to deny anything as Odin told him of his war accusations, listing them one after another in growing tension of the room, of the few who had heard whispers of his (shameful) return to Asgard and wanted to hear of his fate firsthand. Would Odin sentence his own son to death? The odds were certainly there, placed again him like any other war criminal that had been tried in centuries past before. But would he place such a severe punishment upon his own son?No. Not his son. Loki doubted that the All-Father even dared to think such a thing anymore, let alone any other soul in the room with the three of them. Through what had happened over the past few years, it would have been a surprise if Odin still saw Loki as anything other than a criminal, an outcast. Assuredly, Loki was little more than that pitiful little baby he had taken so many years ago, the son of his enemy growing up in his own household.Loki tried to ignore all the looks of worry and joy that fell upon the man accompanying him. Thor was washed in the arms of his friends and family, while Loki was only cast to stand all alone, his arms bound and his mouth covered with a rough, painful metal mask to keep him silent. He tried to push it all out, the sounds, the joy, the happiness.All the smiles and tears and hugs and shouts and laughter and-The man gasps in a breath of air as the memory, still vivid and fresh, begins to fade from his vision.He's still in his cell, staring down upon the cold floor with lifeless eyes, even as the memory plays over and over again. The mask is still painfully wrapped over his mouth, though Loki has gotten a tad bit more used to how it seemed to cut into his cheeks, the leather strap at least positioned low enough then that it doesn't pull as badly anymore upon the metal.Loki sighs and blinks, unable to think anything further than Thor's face as he left him in the cell, the thunder god watching as Loki stumbled helplessly into the room after being so roughly pushed in. The door had then shut loudly just before the younger had fallen onto the floor, like the final crack of the whip against the already bloody and battered back that was his fate. That was it. There was-and still is- nothing that Loki could/can hope to do in order to help himself.Magic is useless. Loki has tried, failing each time, to conjure something or another that will get him free from the hopeless prison he resides in. Nothing works. He cannot break the shackles over his wrists, for they merely seem to drain him of any energy he musters up against them. The mouth piece is even harder, almost as if it was created from the power of All-Father himself. Let the entire universe be damned then, Loki probably wouldn't have cared any less.Why wasn't he dead yet? All-Father certainly should have come to a conclusion by now, the painfully obvious conclusion that the monster he had once lied to call a son was worth nothing more than the sentence of death. He should have already mused upon that horribly biased mind of his, thinking of the perfect way to rid Asgard and beyond of the tyranny that had been Loki.Surely that was how things were working; surely that was how things would always be.Loki looks towards death with nothing but blank, unfocusing eyes. Staring down the mere knowledge that death was soon to befall upon him, soon to take him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angsty Schmoop
It does actually get better believe me

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

