Work Text:
“This file is shit,” Maria says, tossing the file onto the coffee table and rubbing her forehead. “That’s not nice, I’m sure some small little agent put his heart and soul into that report,” Natasha says. Her name is on the file.“It’s nothing we don’t already have.” “You could ask.”Maria lifts her eyebrows. “I thought that was what I was doing.” Natasha shrugs, pulls the report towards her, and smiles. “My father was a man with political ambitions,” she says. “Like most minor government officials, he thought he could be the next Lenin.”“Didn’t work out?” “Are the Nikolaevichs in charge of Russia?“He married my mother young, and his political ambition came from her. She wasn’t content to be a minor official’s wife. I can remember her telling him to do better.” She can: bitter arguments between her parents and her older sister taking her upstairs and playing loud music to drown the fighting out.“Do you look like her?” Maria asks.“I don’t know. There aren’t any pictures anymore, but my sister looked like my father, and my brother like my mother.” She can’t remember enough details, just that her father used to say it all the time, bursting with pride that his daughter looked like him and his son looked like his wife. They had told her they would have to wait and see who she looked like.“Older?”“Veniamin was eight years older, and Regina was six years older.” “What happened?”“Men with guns.”“How old were you?”“Four.” “Why didn’t they kill you?”“I was a perfect specimen. Red Room wanted the orphaned young children of political enemies to the regime. It was neat, and made a statement.” She pauses, drinking her tea. “And when they came to my room I had my father’s gun.”“You shot them?”“I don’t remember,” she says, and it’s the truth. She remembers that it was very cold, and that there were a lot of men who seemed like giants to her. She thinks it was snowing. She can remember walking down the steps to the front door and she can remember that the man had been sitting under a streetlight. He called her by name, and she had known she was going to die, but she had still asked him: “Are you going to kill me?”He didn’t answer, because the answer was more complicated than a simple “yes” or “no”.“How did they get you, then?”“He didn’t have a gun,” she says, and smiles a little. “He seemed like the safer alternative at the time.”
These are not all lies:

She’s Anastasia’s great-granddaughter, last of the Romanovs. Natalia Alianovna Romanova (“You’re joking.” “Look, that is the Romanov nose.” “That was lifetimes ago, and they found her body.” “But you flinched, and they have not proven that it was her, yet.”).
They call her паука, for her too-long limbs and the way she weaves a deadly web even as a child. Little spider.
She cannot be unmade, because there is nothing about her that is concrete. She has no personality that cannot be shifted, nothing but the desire to survive.
Her mother was an agent who retired, got married, had three children. Two she was to be allowed to keep, but the third was to become an agent, like her mother. It was the price one paid for freedom.
She is Anastasia, modified by the Communists to live forever. There has always been a Black Widow.
Her first kill was a drug lord who crossed the KGB. He took her to his bed and he never left it.
If they had put her in the field like they were supposed to, instead of handing the assignment to an older, more experienced agent, the Counter-terrorist Operation on Chechnya would not have happened.
When she is 14 she has three husbands. They start calling her the Black Widow because when she is 15 she attends three funerals dressed in black, and dabs at her eyes as her husband is lowered into the ground each time.
She takes to characters well, too well. They have to unmake her each time.
She never tries to run.
The Black Widow was an ordinary Russian teenager until, on a school field trip, she was bitten by a radioactive spider. The cuffs around her wrists are actually to disguise the fact that her venom is natural, and when she’s done with her victims she wraps them in her web and feeds off their blood.
She never leaves a debt unpaid. If she cannot repay it, sleep with a gun at your bedside (or don’t, because the likelihood you’ll have the opportunity to use it against her is naught).
American studios hear about this master assassin in Russia, coming out of the post-Cold War depths, and they want to make her their villain. No one ever comes to the casting calls, and screenwriters refuse to touch the project.
The children call her Baba Yaga. The other children at Red Room, children of the regime’s political enemies or orphans picked up through less legitimate means. Baba Yaga cannot hurt the pure of heart. She will gnash her iron teeth and her temper will flare, and if you do not give her the answers she seeks she will kill you. She works with the spirits, is friends with the early morning and the bright light of day and the dark of night.She is an old wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/OC

freeform: 
Blanket Permission

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov/OC

