Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis had a political science degree - summa cum laude, thank you very much - and one internship with an astrophysicist on her resume and apparently this was qualification enough to work as personal assistant for a rag tag group of super heroes who just wanted to save the world.She was not going to argue.She followed behind Jane and Thor as they stood at the threshold of an incredibly messy lab work space. There was the sound of a scuffle coming from inside. “I am sorry, Jane, I let them know to expect you-” Thor began, but was interrupted.“You can come in! We’re in the back!” Thor grimaced, and gingerly led through towards the sound of the voice, stepping over mechanical bits and pieces, stacks of papers, the remains of what had likely been an epic Nerf Arrow war, and other miscellany that Darcy couldn’t even identify. Besides, she was more focused on the three Starbucks cups she was balancing in the very inadequate holder the very inadequate barista had provided her with - who argued over how many espresso shots you could put into a cup, if she was going to pay for them? Or got fussy over the fact that she wanted soy, and cinnamon, and some peppermint in the Chai Latte, if she was going to pay for them? At least Jane’s order was easy.“Bruce?” Thor boomed. “Tony?”Two heads poked up from behind some sort of...robot-thing. Darcy wasn’t sure what to expect - she’d seen the footage, read the news clippings - but this was not quite it. Stark’s facial hair did not disappoint, but he looked more the mad-cap inventor than genius billionaire playboy philanthropist. Grease was smudged across his face and his hair was everywhere. Dr. Banner was sort of as advertised, though a lot cuter in person, especially with the glasses.Both of them stood up to greet Jane, shaking hands.“I’ve been really impressed with your work, Dr. Foster,” Dr. Banner began, “I read your paper on...” and thus began a rapid fire exchange between the three with of them, with Jane largely demurring but quietly holding her own. Thor beamed, proud.“I brought beverages,” Darcy said, setting them down on the only clean space she could find. “The one with the little useless stir stick in it is the chai.” “Oh, thanks, great,” Dr. Banner mumbled, and he and Stark reached for their cups at the same time. Their hands sort of brushed, and Dr. Banner looked down for a moment before Stark grabbed both and handed the chai over.“So, what’s this?” Jane asked, squatting down in front of the mechanical thing. More rapid fire science followed, and Darcy raised her eyebrows. Thor smiled at her - she wasn’t sure if it was a good thing, or not, that she and Thor were on the same page.“Do you guys need anything else?” she asked. This was, after all, a paying job - paying more money than she had ever expected to earn in a year with a liberal arts degree, and that was after the free room and board. There were, it seemed, advantages to getting stuck in the middle of Earth’s first contact with alien-gods. “JARVIS will let you know,” Stark said, and he smiled at her. “Big Guy, can you show Ms. Lewis to her room?”“Certainly,” Thor said, and they began to gingerly backtrack their way out of the work space. Once the door slid behind them, Thor clapped a hand on her shoulder and she nearly stumbled forward, but then regained herself. “I think the Lady Jane will be very happy here,” he said. “Bruce and Tony spend much of their time in the lab, working on very impressive things.” I bet that’s not all they’re doing, Darcy thought, but she just smiled.* * * *“I thought I was getting a room,” Darcy said, eyeing the suite suspiciously - there was a bedroom, with all of the items she had shipped already set up, an office with StarkTech that made her make grabby hands, and a living area with a large screen television. Not to mention the bathroom. “It is actually smaller than my quarters,” Thor said.“Well, I’m about half of you, so, that works out,” Darcy said. “Come. I will introduce you to everyone else.” Darcy smiled, and told herself, it’s cool, it’s cool...just going to go and meet Captain America and that really scary assassin chick and...the other guy. With the arrows, and the bulging arms. The computer - AI, she corrected herself - told them that Captain America and Agent Romanov were in the gym, so Thor trotted her down there, pointing out the various landmarks on the way. “This is where we have movie nights on Tuesdays and every other Thursday,” he said. “It is an official team bonding exercise.” He said the last three words slowly, and Darcy had to smile. They stopped at the end of the hall, where Thor rapped lightly on a door. “It’s really not a good time-” came a voice from inside, but that didn’t seem to deter Thor - apparently he was just checking for whether the occupant was conscious.“Son of Coul!” Thor said. “This is our new...assistant, Darcy Lewis. She was previously Lady Jane’s handmaiden. I believe you briefly met her in New Mexico?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Matchmaking
Darcy is the Avenger's Assistant
Flirting
Shipping
Trolling
Community: avengerkink
Traumatizing Movie Night
Darcy and Jane ship Science Boyfriends
Science Boyfriends
Rampant Id-Fic
Crack
Team Dynamics

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

