Chapter 1: in which rhodey plies tony with breadsticks
    




Chapter Text

"So," Rhodey says lightly as he and Tony settle into the bleachers. It's early November and the cold of the metal bench easily seeps through the denim of Tony's jeans, but Tony ignores it. His gaze flickers over the bundled-up pep band and the shivering dance team, before skipping across the browning football field. "What are we doing here?"
"Rhodey!" Tony gasps, exaggerated, as his eyes return to his friend. The team isn't on the field yet anyway. "Where's your school spirit?"
"I have school spirit," Rhodey replies. "Secretary of student council, remember? That crazy thing Pepper is president of?"
"Yeah, I'm sure Pepper injects said spirit directly into your bloodstream," Tony quips. He's not trying to change the subject; it's just that tangents and sarcasm happen when Tony opens his mouth. "Besides, you like football. There's nothing more American than football, and you're as American as American can be. You don't want to be unpatriotic, do you?"
"Tony," Rhodey huffs. The exasperation on his face is familiar. "How long have I known you?"
Tony thinks and vaguely remembers the kid who sat next to him in his first grade class and let him steal his crayons. Even back then Rhodey had an infinite supply of patience; all the other kids Tony stole crayons from tattled on him or pinched him until he gave them back, while Rhodey simply let Tony have his way until Tony lost interest. Not much has changed about their friendship dynamic, to be honest.
"Sixteen years, Tony," Rhodey answers for him. "You can't exactly pull the Stark Diversionary Tactic on me and expect it to work."
"That maneuver is flawless."
"I still want to know why you dragged me to a football game," Rhodey continues, "and don't give me that any bullshit about school spirit. You and I both know you're the antithesis of pep rallies and homecoming dances. You've been here for four years and I know for a fact that this is the first football game you've ever been to."
Tony shrugs but his heavy coat swallows the movement.  "Do I need a reason?" he asks as his eyes wander back to field. The opposing team is walking onto the grass, their uniforms dark gray and vibrant yellow. A group of students—drunken and shirtless freshmen smeared with blue paint, one of them sporting a giant 'C' on his chest—near Tony boo loudly.
"With you," Rhodey sighs in resignation, "there is always a reason."
Whatever Tony wants to say to that is drowned out by the rise of music as the pep band starts up with the university's anthem. The dance team tumbles into action, their blue and white pom-poms glittering in the stadium lights, and the spectators in the crowded arena rise to their feet and roar, a din that triples as the football team pours onto the grass. Tony plants a hand on Rhodey's firm shoulder as he gets up; he has to stand on his seat in order to get a clear view of the field below.
"Tony?" Rhodey yells over the noise. He stands as well and looks in the same direction as Tony. "Tony, what are you—"
They see the bold ROGERS 17 at the same time. Tony can't hold back the dumb, soppy smile that blooms on his face when the football player raises one of his burly arms and waves at the crowd. Rhodey groans at Tony's reaction; Rhodey would not have been able to hold his despair back even if he wanted to.
"I take back everything I said," Rhodey grouses as he flops back onto the bleachers and covers his eyes with a tired hand. "You do have school spirit. Why? Because last time I checked, falling for the quarterback is definitely a prerequisite."
.
The game lasts for a little less than three hours and their team, the Captains, wins by a narrow margin. The rookie quarterback, Steve Rogers, scores a touchdown in the last five minutes that pulls the Captains ahead by a mere point. When he races down the field, his longs legs devouring yard after yard, Tony gets to his feet again and yells encouraging nonsense at him, "Go, Steve, go!" and "You can do it!" as though Steve can hear him over the cacophony of the crowd.
"It's like you've been bodysnatched," Rhodey says when Tony plops back down. His tone is as amused as it is horrified. "I don't know this person in front of me. Who are you, and what have you done with Tony?"
"Har har har, don't quit your day job," Tony snarks, but the bite of his words is lost due to the giant grin splitting his face and the red of exertion on his cheeks. "Also, who wouldn't want to snatch this body?"
"Your narcissism shouldn't reassure me as much as it does."
Afterwards, Rhodey drags Tony away from the stadium—"Tony, the team is probably getting cleaned up right now and, Tony, get back here, I know what you're thinking!"—and to Pepino's, a small and independent pizzeria just off campus. Tony's stomach growls when they walk in and he smells the garlic breadsticks. He hasn't eaten anything since yesterday morning, when Pepper shoved a jumbo blueberry muffin into his hand instead 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew
Maria Hill/Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - College/University
American Football
Translation Available
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Pining
Slow Build
Tony Stark Has Issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Carol Danvers/Jessica Drew
Maria Hill/Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

