Work Text:
He'd ended it as soon as he confirmed that his new feelings weren't going away any time soon. Pepper was understanding, she knew something was different about Tony. He called it off just before the victory party at Avengers Tower after they'd defeated Von Strucker at his Hydra outpost. Tony didn't really see it coming, but, he had to make sure if it was real, so he held onto Pepper. But when that day came where he just felt it in him that nothing was going to continue with Pepper, it stopped. Pepper had known that once Tony had seen Steve again, the pining began. However, even at the party, Tony simply replied with 'Pepper had a business to run' without giving away anything about their breakup. He couldn't stop watching Steve during the party, he'd mingle with guests, but he'd always clock Steve's movements as well. 

The blonde seemed to be a little more comfortable around others, and he and Thor seemed to get rather pally. Tony would smile whenever Steve smiled, he'd laugh when Steve did even if the people he was with weren't saying anything funny. It was when he was around Steve, talking to him, he could feel the warmth practically oozing off the blonde. Tony let his mind slip, wondering what it would be like to be held in those strong, muscular arms of his. He wondered what it'd be like to be kissed by those lips that always stretched into a smile that would light up the entire room. The brunette thought he sounded like a love sick puppy, but...he simply longed for Steve. He'd lingered off to the bar where Natasha was sitting, eating a cherry out of the drink she had. When she saw Tony, she smiled softly and patted the seat beside her. 

"I haven't seen you all night," she spoke.

"I've been mingling," Tony replied, shrugging shamelessly. 

"I should have known, a party isn't a true party without Tony Stark mingling everywhere," she taunted.

Tony laughed weakly, placing himself on the seat beside Natasha.

"You look wonderful by the way," he commented.

Natasha raised an eyebrow, glancing down at her dress.

"Thank you, you don't do so bad yourself," she replied, grinning widely. 

Tony's mouth only quirked at the corner as he swirled the ice around in his drink, watching it intently. Natasha tilted her head slightly, before her hand was on Tony's arm, squeezing it gently. The brunette looked up from his drink, turning his gaze back to the redhead, her mossy green eyes looking at him with concern. He wanted to run away and hide because Natasha always managed to draw his thoughts out of him. She could almost read him like a book. 

"What's bothering you?" she asked. I've been watching you during the party, you seem down. Or...distracted," she added.

"This isn't exactly the time and place to talk Nat," Tony answered.

Natasha shifted and finished the rest of her drink, before stepping off the chair. Her hand was back on Tony's arm as she gave it a small tug. The brunette raised an eyebrow, but finished his drink anyway and put it back on the bar. 

"We'll find a place to talk then," Natasha offered. 

He found himself following Natasha, her hand gently grasping his so she didn't lose him in the crowds of people around the house. They weaved their way through guests and ascended up a flight of stairs, Tony's gaze set straight ahead. What he didn't exactly realise was that Steve was near the bar, talking to Thor and Sam when he'd noticed the pair wandering off. He'd seen them disappear upstairs and  into a room, to which he couldn't help the way he just kept staring up at that room. Even when he was asked if he was okay all he managed was a small 'mhm' in reply.

"Alright, start talking," Natasha ordered, pushing Tony back so he parked his ass on the bed.

"Oh by all means Nat, make yourself at home," he sassed.

Natasha rolled her eyes and sat down on Tony's right leg, her arm swinging around his shoulder. Tony rested his arm around her waist to keep her stable, his eyes fixed on her.

"Talk now. Tell me why you look like you haven't slept for hours and why you look like you're pining over someone you shouldn't be," she issued.

"You're the worst Natasha Romanov," Tony huffed.

"Come on, don't make me use a different approach," she threatened.

Tony sighed and found his head lolling to the side, resting on Natasha's shoulder. Her hand was brushing through his slightly messy hair, giving him some comfort and support. After a few more moments of silence, Tony found it in him to speak and tell Natasha why he's been so reserved lately.

"Pepper and I called it quits," he admitted.

"What? Really? Since when? I thought it was going great," Natasha replied.

"Well, something changed. And I figured I'd stop what her and I had before I hurt her anymore," Tony answered.

"And what happened?" Natasha questioned.

"This is stupid, I hate talking about feelings. I'm just gonna' go back to the party," Tony grunted.

He moved Natasha off his lap and stood up, only to have Natasha grab him by the wrist and br
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Past Pepper/Tony

freeform: 
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
I Changed Some Things
The Farmhouse
No Barton's Wife Or Kids
I Needed Clintasha
sorry - Freeform
Pining
Mutual Pining
Visions
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Love Confessions
Men Crying
Fluff
First Kiss
Anal Sex
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Sex
Anal Fingering
Language
Both Of You Need To Be Quiet
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Seriously Steve
get a room
Party
Those Walking In At The Wrong Time Moments
They're Actually All Pally
I Needed That In The Movie Dammit
Comfort Sex
Comfort
together
i hate you both
But Love You Too
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Past Pepper/Tony

