Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was admittedly caught off guard when he stepped out of the elevator into the garage and heard blaring music accompanied by an intermittent metallic clanging. The music he knew, The Ramones, but the clanging, he couldn’t place. He walked toward the sound coming from the back corner of the garage, a fair distance from his own collection. He’ll tell people later, albeit with his signature smirk, that what he saw was a goddess.His mouth went dry when he rounded a support pillar and got eyes on her. She was surrounded by pieces of an old six cylinder, bent over the engine block with wrench in hand, her glasses hanging low on her nose and a manic grin on her face as she sang along with the music. She was clad in a faded purple tie dye tank top that clung snug to her ample bust and well-worn unbuckled coveralls that hung low on the bottom half of her hourglass figure. Her thick, chocolate brown hair, usually cascading loose in waves down her back, was tied back in pigtails and covered with a black bandanna. She was smudged and spattered with all manner of grease and grime. She was glorious. ooOOOoo Darcy had taken the engine block out of her old beat up Volvo station wagon and had ripped it to pieces only to begin the process of rebuilding it in order to set the old girl to rights. Since the move from New Mexico with Jane, the car just hadn’t been behaving properly and up to this point she hadn’t had much luck sussing out the issue. With it being Saturday and her having the day to herself (even SCIENCE! takes a break when hot, Asgardian boy toys are in town), she had woken up early, tossed on an old tank top and coveralls and made her way into Tony Stark’s garage where her baby was being stored to perform some surgery.Darcy was in her element and she couldn’t help the grin that practically cleaved her face in two. Being elbows deep in an engine, covered in coolant and grease is the closest Darcy’s ever been to a religious experience. That was how Tony found her.She heard a cough and looked up to find him, a peculiar look on his face. Tony appeared to be deep in thought, his head cocked to the side. It reminds her of when a dog hears a noise it finds confusing which caused her to snort out a little chuckle.Darcy tossed up a hand in a little wave and pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose. “What up, rocket man?”“What are you doing in my garage?” Tony asked, his brow furrowed.“Uh, this is Phyllis,” Darcy paused, pointing to the car next to her. “She needs a little TLC and I live to serve. Should I not be here? I just assumed...I mean, you’ve been storing her since Jane and I showed up on your doorstep like the little orphan Annies to your Daddy Warbucks.”“You named that death trap?” Tony scoffed and rocked back on the heels of his sneakers.“Hey now! Hold up one second there, Señor Condescension, I don’t insult your...stuff that means a lot to you. I’ll have you know that this little lady has seen most of the continental US and survived an attack by a fire breathing, Asgardian death robot fueled by daddy issues. She’s a certified badass and is no where near being a death trap. Jeez, rude much?”He walked up next to the workbench Darcy had taken over and looked over her work in progress, “You do all her work yourself?”Darcy just nodded and went back to reassembling the engine in front of her, “Mmhmm.”“S’good work,” he mused. “Where’d you learn to do all this, Shortstack?”Darcy tightened a bolt and set down the socket wrench before turning her attention back to him. “I have a degree in mechanical engineering from Culver and worked in one garage or another since high school. This is my jam, my house, my church, if you will,” she smiled brightly at him and swiped a bit of sweat from her face, further smearing grease across her cheek.“How the hell did I not know this?” Tony asked, shocked.She shrugged, “You never asked. I’m betting you saw a chick fetching coffee and poptarts and decided that was my skill set. Professional gopher. Not the first time someone’s looked at this,” she motions down at her body, “and made an assumption or two.” She went back to piecing the engine together. “Gods, the desert did a number on you, miss thing,” she murmured. Darcy looked up at Tony and pointed down at the engine with the wrench in her hand absently. “S’like sex on the beach, right? Sand getting all up in the sensitive areas you don’t want sand to be.”Tony barked out a laugh as he spun on his heel and walked in the direction of the elevator. “Okay, Lewis. Monday, you’re coming to my lab for a play date. I’ll clear it with your keeper. And put my tools back when you’re done.“I’m my own keeper, Stark!” She shouted after him. “Always was, always will be!”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Mechanical Engineer Darcy Lewis
Idiots in Love
Developing Relationship
Fluff
Getting Together
My First Fanfic
Past Child Abuse
Light Angst
Smut

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

