Work Text:
Matt doesn't know how people can bare their souls to the world. Sometimes he wants to shake passerby, and say, don't you know what you're doing? Don't you know that everyone can see you? Don't you know that everyone can hurt you?
Sometimes he wants to protect them. Sometimes he wants to shield their innocence.
Sometimes he envies them.
Because Matt can't do it. He can't take his soul with him. He can't let people know who he is, what he is. Can't let out the devil.
They would all know, if they saw his daemon. If they saw Kimisa.

 
When Matt is a child and Kimisa is normal they admire Jack Murdock's hulking mastiff daemon. Huge, steady, and scarred, Lada is Kimisa's idol. She's a shifting, growling shadow when Jack's in the ring, but at home it's clear why dogs are always such beloved daemons. Dogs are loyal, loving, firm. They never falter.
Jack Murdock wants them to learn, though. So at school they take small, demur forms. Kimisa curls up in his arms as a quiet domestic cat, a squirrel, a mouse. On her more daring days she's a tiny screech owl because owls are symbols of knowledge. This always makes Matt proud.
There are days they feel too big for the world. But Jack would like this, the smallness, or so they think. They try it. It's all anyone can do.
Sometimes Kimisa takes the form of a lemur and helps Matt bandage up Jack's injuries. At night, she curls around Matt's neck and huffs against his ear. “We could be a doctor,” she whispers. “Primate-daemons make great assistants, you know.”
He likes this idea. His dad would, too, which is almost more important.
(Doctors help people. And they never have to fight anyone.)

 
“Sorry,” says Karen the first day they meet. “Before we start, is - is there somewhere for Pera to perch? I can't touch her.”
“You can't touch your daemon?” asks Matt, letting Foggy fuss to find something thin and tall and relatively suitable. Foggy's Kendaral makes an inquisitive sound from the corner.
“It's complicated,” is all she says.
“She's a beautiful bird,” Foggy informs Matt. People usually don't mind – too much – that Foggy describes their daemons aloud to him, though it's a little rude. “Black with this sort of gold chest and back, and a little silver beak and brown eyes. Tiny. Um, does this work?”
Matt's pretty sure, from the rattling, that Pera has fluttered down to sit on the edge of an open filing drawer.
“Thanks,” Karen says.
And if it occurs to her to wonder where Matt's daemon is, she doesn't ask.

 
After the accident, it becomes even more important to study. “People will judge you,” Jack says. “The whole world. But you have to keep getting up, and just remember who you are.”
(This is mostly a problem because Matt has never known who he is.)
Kimisa is different now, and he thinks this hurts Jack a bit. She takes hardier forms. Sometimes she's a snake, or a lizard, or a bat. The last isn't so bad. People expect bat daemons of blind people. Reptiles are cold, though. Matt doesn't know what this means.
They stay small and smart, though. They're careful about that.
Kimisa isn't blind, which interests the doctors who treated him. “She should be,” they keep saying. Even, “She will be.”
But she isn't.
So she gives him directions aloud when they go places, curling around his arm in snake-form as he learns to navigate his way through a new, dark world. This makes things easier than it could be. Everything is still pretty difficult.
Matt probably can't be a doctor now. But Kimisa still takes primate-forms, sometimes. They learn braille together in the gym to the background noise of shouts and skin smacking against leather.
Matt reads aloud his homework assignments and philosophical writings on justice as Jack Murdock works to hone his technique and destroy his opponents in the ring.
On the day of the Creel match, Kimisa holds his hand as a baboon – a black baboon, because all his daemons are black now, he's told – and she narrates the fight.
“The devil is out,” she says. “He has that look in his eyes, Mattie. You should see him. You should see him.”
Even through the television, Matt can hear the slow, loud breathing of his father over the roar of the crowd. The shock of flesh on flesh resounds in his ears.
“Creel can't get in a shot. He's positively possessed, Mattie. It's over. It's all over.”
They don't know yet how true this is.

 
Here's a mystery: after working with Nelson&Murdock for about two weeks, Karen starts touching her daemon again.
With prodding, she explains. “She's a Hooded Pitohui,” she tells them. “They're poisonous. If you touch their skin or feathers you can go numb. But I have to feed her certain foods first.”
“A poisonous bird,” Foggy muses. “Yeah. Probably best you didn't mention that when we thought you might be guilty of murder.”
“You must have been frightened,” Matt notes. “If you were making her poisonous, I mean.”
“Well – it's not as though she really could have done anything. They're almost never fatal.”
“...Right.”
“What even made you try t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Catholic Character
Alternate Universe - Daemons
Daemons
Ableism
Ableist Language
Blind Character
Canonical Child Abuse
Friendship

fandom: 
None
