Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The ice cubes rattled in his scotch glass as Tony Stark, famous inventor and billionaire, stared out of the window of the truck into the desert. He noticed the glances of the young soldiers who sat in it with him, of course he noticed them – darting between him, the scotch and the small cassette recorder that was blaring AC/DC loudly. He could practically hear the 'spoiled citizen' thoughts in their heads, but he frankly didn't care. 
 
Anyway, the tense silence that hung over them, despite the music, unnerved him. The young soldier beside him kept staring at him nervously, and eventually, he spoke up: “I feel like you're driving me to a court-martial, this is crazy. What did I do? I feel like you're gonna pull over and snuff me out. What, you're not allowed to talk? Hey, Forrest!”
 
“We can talk, sir”, the man beside him replied, looking deeply uncomfortable.
 
“Oh. I see. So it's personal?”
 
“No, you intimidate them”, their driver replied, and –
 
“Good God, you're a woman!”, Tony commented drily. “I honestly couldn't have called that. I mean, I'd apologize, but isn't that what we're going for here? I thought of you as a soldier first.” Finally, the guy beside him cracked up with a grin.
 
“I'm an airman”, the driver replied curtly.
 


Tony went on: “But you have actually excellent bone structure there, I'm kind of... having a hard time not looking at you now. Is that weird?” 

And 

finally


 the rest of the soldiers laughed, too, including the one he was currently flirting with. “Come on, it's okay, laugh, hey!”, he exclaimed. This mood was much closer to his likings.


 
“Sir, I have a question to ask”, the other soldier, sitting next to the driver's seat, said.


“Yes, please.”


“Is it true you went twelve for twelve with last year's Maxim cover models?”


"That is an excellent question. Yes and no. March and I had a scheduling conflict, but fortunately, the Christmas cover was twins. Anything else?” The young soldier beside him raised his fingers shyly. “You're kidding me with the hands-up, right?"
 
“Is it cool if I take a picture with you?”
 
"Yes. It's very cool.” Excitedly, the young soldier handed his camera to another, the one who was sitting in the copilot spot. “All right. I don't want to see this on your MySpace page”, Tony told him. The boy raised two fingers in a peace sign. “Please, no gang signs.” A little disappointed, the hand went down again. “No, throw it up, I'm kidding. Yeah, peace. I love peace.” The last part was muttered: “I'd be out of a job with peace.”


“Come on. Hurry up. Just click it. Don't change any settings. Just click it”, the boy urged the other, and he was just about to finally do it and click, when –
 
An explosion shook the truck, suddenly everything was on fire, there were gunshots, and Tony heard one of the soldiers shout “Jimmy, stay with Stark!” before being told to keep his head down. With wide eyes he stared out of the window, not really able to make anything out and still not quite grasping what the actual hell was going on, until he saw one of the soldiers getting shot, the one that had just been taking the photo of him and the young boy.
 
“Son of a bitch!”, Jimmy yelled and threw open the door of the car.
 
“Wait wait wait, gimme a gun!”, Tony shouted, but the soldier just threw the door shut again and yelled: “Stay here!”, turned around and in the next second, the metal of the car housing was full of holes and Tony had to fight nausea creeping up in him at the thought of what had just happened. His ears were ringing and his sight slightly blurred as he looked around and then, after giving himself a pause of a few seconds, he jumped out of the car and dodged bullets and other explosions as good as he could while searching for a place to take shelter.
 
He jumped behind a rock and pulled out his phone, dialling hurriedly when he heard a sound he knew just all too well from weapon tests he had participated in. He looked up, seeing a missile stuck in the ground. His heart, already beating frantically behind his ribcage, doubled its pace as he saw the logo imprinted on the metal shell.
 

Stark Industries
.

 
Panicked, he scrambled to his feet, the fear making him clumsy, and heard himself scream when the missile detonated and hauled his body into the air, throwing it like a lifeless puppet.
 
For a few seconds, everything was dark, and when he opened his eyes, the ringing in his ears was back and there was a strange feeling on his chest, warm and wet. Groaning from the burning pain, he ripped open his shirt with unsteady hands. Its white fabric had turned red in several places and he could see the growing pool of blood on his chest before blacking out.
 
~*~
 

After he had lost consciousness, everything was a blur of white lights, distorted voices speaking in foreign languages and glimpses of persons hovering over him when he woke up for a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/ Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Pre-Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
hurt/ comfort
Tony-centric
Slavery
slave!tony
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Trauma
Palladium Poisoning
mentions of past abuse/rape
Angst
Odin's A+ Parenting
Swearing
Fluff
But mostly angst
PTSD
Magic
discontinued

fandom: 
Loki/ Tony Stark

