Chapter 1: The Stigma
    




Chapter Text
The hall about them bustled with life and the chatter of talk, laughter, glasses clicking merrily, and music playing echoed in the vaulted ceilings above. The light was low, candles and gas-lamps illuminating the space in a soft glow, and reflected off of the copious silver cutlery laid out on each table with careful precision.It was a lively party all around, and the guests reveled in the festivities with the careless abandon of a few too many drinks poured throughout the night. Well... all, save for one quiet guest of the party. He, alone, sat in the far corner of the room, alone at his table as he watched the party-revelers dancing amongst each other, drinking heavily. As a Captain of the Royal Army, he knew all eyes were on his figure as the Man of the Hour, and his manners were to be respected by all.So naturally, Captain Steven Rogers had chosen this moment to slouch against the wall, resting his bearded chin in his hand with a tired sort of boredom as he watched the party ensue around him with total disinterest."I'm terribly, sorry, Captain, but would you mind telling me exactly why you are sitting like that?" An amused voice broke over the din of the crowd. He looked up from his musings to find his wife, Margaret, staring down at him with a humored smile painted across her fair features. "Despicable manners, if you ask me, Steve."Steve rolled his eyes, straightening his posture as he stood from his seat and politely withdrew her chair from the table. He watched as she sat daintily in her seat, the taffeta skirt blooming around her in elegant puffs. "I am sorry, Peggy, I suppose my trip back from Paris got the better of me." Steve apologized, though his words barely concealed the sarcasm coloring his words."Bull, Steven." Peggy chuckled as she plucked her wine glass from the table, giving the ruby liquid a cursory sip. "You've been awful this entire night, and you know it. I know you've been feeling a sort of... pressure under the circumstances from the others. But you really must behave." Placing her wine glass down on the tender stem, she looked up to the far wall. Waving her hand carefully, her amused smirk melted away into a devoted smile as she saw her attention was noted. "I mean, after all, it is the night of your 30th birthday, Steve, and you've still not picked a Consort? People are beginning to talk." Peggy murmured to him before glancing up to the far wall once again, waiting for Angela to appear.Both Steve and Peggy watched as the small woman left the crowd standing at the far wall, her bare feet gliding across the marble floor in silent steps. The girl was young, about 4 years Peggy's junior, with thick brown hair and bright green eyes. Her slim figure was wrapped in a muslin sheath, almost sheer enough to see right through, and the cloth was a perfect compliment to her milky skin.In fact, her clothes were near identical to the clothing of all the men and women standing at the far wall, waiting patiently for their Masters and Mistresses to call upon them again. All of these delicate souls were young, vibrant and beautiful, with sheer clothing and perfect skin that made them look nearly naked compared to the party revelers. All of them wore identical smiles of delight as they watched their Owners dancing and enjoying the party, patiently standing and waiting until they were needed.In fact, the only differentiation between the Consorts was one, notable accessory that all Masters and Mistresses were required to but their Concubines within their time together, as a sort of calling card to their ownership: a collar. The brighter and more beautiful the collar, the deeper the love felt between Owner and Pet. Angela's collar was incredibly stunning, in comparison to many of the courtesans at the party. The satin was stained a bright, Robin's egg blue, and sewn with white lace and embroidery. At the center, just above the hollow of Angela's throat, was a bright red Ruby that shown in the light, like a beating heart of her Mistress' love.Peggy's attention was stolen completely away from Steve as she watched her beloved Consort approach. Extending a hand to her, Peggy beamed as Angela took her fingers in her smooth palm, kissing her Mistress' knuckles reverently before taking her seat on a small cushion laid on the floor next to her. "Angela, my beloved. Always so polite and beautiful...""Yes, My Mistress. Only for you." Angela beamed, laying her head carefully onto Peggy's lap.Steve watched the two of them, the pangs of jealousy and longing strangling him until he could barely breathe. He'd long been envious of the bond his wife and her Consort shared, wishing day in and day out that he could have a similar love of his own. However, pride kept his mind set on finding his One good and proper, and to not settle for the next pretty face that he stumbled upon at the local auctions. He inhaled, looking to Peggy with a tired nod. "Peggy, I know you. I've said i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
others
Peggy carter/steve rogers platonic
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
past James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

freeform: 
Concubine
Consort Bucky Barnes
Master Steve Rogers
Consorts - Freeform
Pets
Collars
Smut
Pure Smut
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Teenage Bucky
Older man Steve Rogers
Older Man/Younger Man
Light Dom/sub
Alternate Universe - Victorian
will update tags as I go
russian bucky
London
victorian london
Shameless Smut
Master/Pet
Alternate Universe-No Powers
Adult Content
Alternate Universe - Industrial Revolution
Period Typical Attitudes
Period Typical Language
Victorian Attitudes
Irish Steve Rogers
Russian Bucky Barnes
Body Dysmorphic Disorder
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Anal Plug
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
Light Bondage
Bondage
Blindfolds
Wax Play
Riding Crops
Outdoor Sex
Oral Sex
Come Swallowing
Comeplay
Come as Lube
Come Sharing
Age Difference
Drama & Romance
Drama
Angst
Kidnapping
Villains
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Public Sex
Porn With Plot
Aftercare
Public Display of Affection
Public Hand Jobs
Public Masturbation
Subspace
D/s relationship
d/s scenes
Spanking
no sub-drop
Dom/sub Play
Feathers & Featherplay
Dildos
steve is a first time dom
Cuddling & Snuggling
Post-Coital Cuddling
Dom/sub
Figging
Submissive punishing
Facials
Dom Drop
Steve hits an emotional low from playing too hard
so Bucky comes to his rescue
because he's a good little sub
who loves his master

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
others
Peggy carter/steve rogers platonic
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
past James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce

