Work Text:
Erik hates coffee. He finds it extremely unfortunate that most of his clients are addicted to the vile drink and often arrange to meet at coffee shops where he has to order something for the sake of propriety.The coffee shop Worthington proposes is less shined and polished than the ubiquitous Starbucks that Erik despises with the entirety of his being, but even the deep, squashy chairs and the battered bookshelves full of second-hand classics can't make him want a grande vanilla bean frappuccino with non-fat milk and whipped cream. He orders black coffee in the smallest size available.The barista has incredibly blue eyes. "Black coffee. Very traditional," he says, upbeat. "I'm Charles. May I have your name?""Erik," Erik replies, a bit thrown by the dissonance between his bleak mood and Charles' cheer. "Erik," Charles repeats, scrawling the name on a napkin and transferring it over to the bit of counter space under a hanging sign that reads Order Pickup. He spells Erik with a k instead of an unthinking c as most people do. Erik's surprise must read on his face, because Charles immediately says, "I'm sorry. Did I spell it wrong?" He reaches to grab the napkin back. "I shouldn't have assumed, just because of your lovely accent.""No, no," Erik assures him. "You spelled it correctly. I was surprised because people usually don't."Charles smiles and Erik thinks, suddenly, I'd like to know more about you than your name, but that's the moment Worthington walks in, orders a venti cappuccino with whole milk and an extra shot of espresso and proceeds to drag Erik over to a table to complain about the projected construction costs for the office building Erik is designing for him. By the time Worthington finishes his rant and Erik walks him through the redesign of the first floor, an hour has gone past. When Erik glances over to the serving counter, Charles has been replaced by a boy with floppy brown hair and horn-rimmed glasses.Erik rolls up his blueprints and pushes open the door.--It's just one more missed connection, Erik tells himself when he sometimes thinks of Charles as he wanders through his normal, coffeeless life.Then Worthington calls to schedule a final meeting before the ground breaking and Erik finds himself saying, "Let's meet at that same coffee shop, the one on Riverside," and hanging up quickly before Worthington has the chance to suggest a different venue.Charles makes Erik a terrible caffe mocha and spells his name with a k and smiles. Erik adds a two o'clock coffee break to his calendar for the rest of the foreseeable future.--For the first few weeks, Erik orders complicated concoctions like tall white chocolate mocha no-foam lattes with extra espresso shots and grande caramel macchiatos with double vanilla syrup and caramel drizzle, just so he can have more words to say to Charles, so it takes longer for Charles to steam the milk or pump in syrup or spoon on whipped cream, and Erik has a few more seconds to watch the line of his back, the curve of his neck.Then he discovers that Charles has the unique skill of turning practically any sentence into a lecture on genetics. "How are you?" Erik asks simply one day, tired of the excessively complex coffee terms he'd learned by trolling through starbucks.com and eavesdropping on the orders of people ahead of him in line. Charles smiles brighter than ever and says, "I'm wonderful. There was a girl in here just half an hour ago who had the most interesting mutation. Heterochromia. Did you know that heterochromia occurs in only 0.67% of the population?""I can't say I did," Erik says, telling himself its ridiculous to feel so crestfallen over Charles noticing a girl's eyes."It's caused by the expression of different OCA2 genes in each eye. Really quite beautiful," Charles enthuses as he over-steams the milk for Erik's latte, the froth clumping together alarmingly. He winks, handing Erik his coffee, "Not to say that your EYCL1s are anything to scoff at."Erik stares at him blankly, about eighty five percent sure that he's been complimented in some obscure way."Green eyes," Charles clarifies, smiling sheepishly.Mollified, Erik commanders a table with a clear view of Charles at the counter and spreads out blueprints of a highrise he completed work on weeks ago as camouflage. He refuses to wince as he sips at the patently disgusting coffee in the stenciled magnesium element cup he'd chosen from a line up of hideous mugs offered to him when he'd been officially deemed a regular.The cups at 645 Riverside Drive—which has no actual name, Charles once explained to Erik, because it was opened jointly by Alex, who had wanted to call it The Bitchin' Kitchen, and Hank, who had wanted to name it something unpronounceable and French—are mismatched china pieces, reusable, instead of the throw away paper and foam of most coffee shops Erik has been forced to visit. It's rather a detriment for Erik, who would prefer to pretend to drink the coffee and then pitch the cu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shop
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Pining
Protective Siblings

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

