Work Text:
Carter stalked out of the command tent and over to where Bucky waited, leaned against a convenient jeep. She plucked the cigarette right out of his mouth and inhaled about half the thing in one breath."I don't know how you can go out on patrol with that man and not have a heart attack," she said.He grinned, pulled another couple of ciggies from his pack, and handed her one after they were lit. Steve's ration - no need to be stingy. Steve wouldn't even notice they were gone for days."It's pretty much one long, nightmarish heart attack," he said, "every damn time.""I have never met such a stubborn, reckless, foolhardy -""Since the last time you looked in the mirror?"Carter glared at him, then gave him her best snob voice."I beg your pardon, I am never foolhardy.""Yes ma'am, whatever you say ma'am."He liked Carter, even if she was yet another symptom of the new Steve. Bucky always thought the original model was just fine, but there was no point in saying so. Steve was too damn happy. Finally on a stage big enough to suit his own idea of what it meant to "help." Every explosion and captured scientist put a self-satisfied smirk on that oversized face.And when Carter was around? He shone like the sun."I'd be beside myself if you weren't out there with him, Barnes," Carter said, "heaven knows I don't trust him to watch his own back."He liked Carter, but they weren't generally this nice to each other."Thanks.""Thanks for the ciggie."She pushed off from the jeep and ground the stub into the ground, patted her hair."Back to it, I suppose. All right?"She stood in front of him as if for inspection. Bucky had been out with some gorgeous girls in his time, but he would never have had the guts to approach this one. She was all stubbornness and steel. No wonder Steve liked her. And was terrified of her in equal measure.He reached out and tugged her collar straight."I guess you'll do, Agent Carter."She rolled her eyes."I'm overcome with relief to hear it, Sergeant Barnes."But she winked at him before she squared her shoulders and stomped back to command.Swell girl. She almost deserved him. Assuming any of them would get out of this mess alive, which Bucky seriously doubted. The breaks back in camp were pretty nice: actual tables to eat your meals, laundry, sometimes even hot water to sluice off the grime of a month in the woods of Europe. You could mostly count on the barracks mattresses not having any insects living in them. In a crowd, there was a little more space for privacy. He didn't have to be so careful about pretending to get drunk or to not be able to see in the dark.The downside of that was time to think, and that never got Bucky anywhere. He had two general lines of thinking: (1) what the fuck was happening to his body and (2) what that hell had Steve been thinking. Neither line was either fruitful or enjoyable.For the first, he hadn't turned bright red yet and wasn't planning on letting the docs lock him up in a rat cage until he did, so he was just gonna have to pretend his veins weren't full of fire and sneak as much food as he could charm out of the lucky schmoes whose Army service consisted of working the mess tent.For the second - well, he'd already broken a knuckle on Steve's face two days after they got back from his glorious rescue mission. Steve had had a little red mark for a day, while Bucky's hand still ached when it was going to rain."How could I write, Bucky? I didn't think you'd understand."That's for damn sure. The one thing Steve Rogers never needed to grow any more of was stubbornness, so there was no point in arguing. And maybe from some angles it was actually good to see Steve so healthy. As long as Bucky didn't think too hard about how he got that way, the reckless, thoughtless, crazy, no-longer-little dumbass.But Bucky for damn sure wasn't gonna make things any easier on the guy. Steve was supposed to stay safe. He was supposed to stay home, he was supposed to be home, to give Bucky something to dream about instead of the sound of explosives and the stench of human guts.Not standing in forests in an outfit so bright it was like a fucking beacon and dragging the bunch of them from danger to peril and back again, always with a smile on his big dumb face. They shipped back out the next day, a thick roll of orders in Steve's belt."Nice lipstick," Dugan said as they left camp.Steve turned bright red and scrubbed at his mouth."Lower," Dugan said.Steve's head snapped back as he scrubbed his neck. Then he looked at his glove - entirely clean of lipstick - and glared.Dugan whistled a little Irish tune.In retrospect, that probably set the tone. Woods, rain, sleeping on the ground with a rock in your kidney and a pinecone in your ear. The first mission was standard levels of terrible, including cages full of wrong-looking animals that they had to burn and guys with poison capsules in their teeth dying in foamy-mouthed droves. The Howlers came out of it all with their shoulders up around the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mid-CATFA
cursing
sassy Bucky
Sassy Steve
Sassiness all around
Steve Rogers is a cheating cheater who cheats
Howling Commandos ask for trouble and get it

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

