Work Text:
The marble was cold and unyielding as Loki was forced to his knees in front of the throne, Odin, his – Thor’s father staring down at him. Loki was still in his armour, having been brought here directly after returning from Earth. The only detour Thor had made before bringing Loki here and removing his gag was to deposit the Tesseract in the armoury. From there Loki was sure it would be moved many times more just to ensure that he was unaware of its final location for safe keeping. It was odd to be in the grand hall with so few people. It was normally filled with people for some ceremony or occasion, but now every breath and word echoed from the walls. Odin stood before Loki, looking down at him the way he always had, even after Loki’s many attempts to prove himself to his adoptive father. Frigga, Thor’s mother, stood behind Odin, watching Loki with a look of disappointment that he ignored; she was not his mother. Thor stood off to one side, meeting Loki’s gaze briefly when he looked over before looking back to Odin when he began to speak. “Loki.” Even though Loki now knew Odin was not his father, it was difficult not to react to his voice. Odin had the voice of a king as well as a father; one Loki had grown up with. It was difficult to break old habits. “You wound me with your actions. First you manipulated us all to have Thor cast out, starting a war and threatening the lives of millions in some misguided attempt to gain the love from me that I had already given to you. And now you forsake your family and Asgard entirely and match forces with the Chitauri, a race that cannot be trusted, to attempt to take Earth for yourself. And again you placed millions of lives at risk, taking many yourself. You armour is awash with blood, my son.” “I am not your son,” Loki retaliated on instinct. He always felt like he was swallowing around glass when he said those words, reminded himself again and again of this fact. But it was a truth that had to be acknowledged, lest Loki begin to hope again and end up betrayed twice over. The hall was silent, everyone expecting an apology from his lips. But Loki would not give them one. Instead he whispered, “You left me no choice.” Odin sighed. “And now you leave me with no other choice.” Loki’s eyes widened when he heard the scrape of the king’s staff, metal sliding across marble as the golden staff was readjusted in Odin’s hand. He looked up quickly to confirm what the sounds were telling him, that Odin truly was raising the staff. Although it was mostly a ceremonial piece, it would be foolish to ignore the weight of the metal frame, or the sharp edges in the crown’s design. It was just as much a weapon. Loki had not expected this, and now there was nothing he could do. He could run; he had the magic to at least escape his father and the hall, get a head start. But it would do him no good. The Bifrost Bridge was destroyed and Loki did not possess enough magic of his own at the moment to spirit himself away to another realm, safe and out of reach. So this was it. A rather disappointing end, he admitted to himself as he bowed his head once more. He could feel nerves raise the hairs on the back of his exposed neck as he waited for his end. He was angry that it had come to this, but also terrifyingly relieved. “Odin, please don’t,” Frigga spoke up from where she stood a short distance away, voice frightened. “I can think of no other option,” Odin admitted, sounding sad at the truth in those words. Even though Loki’s eyes were on the marble below him, he could instinctively feel the golden blade above him. “I would imprison him but for the fear in my heart that he would escape and stir up yet more chaos. And I can think of no one I trust to be strong enough to resist his clever words to leave as a watch.” Odin sighed heavily. “This is the only choice he has left me.” Loki swallowed thickly around the lump in his throat, forcing himself not to indulge in the tempting thoughts of what if. What if he had been more accepting of Odin as a step father? What if he had disappeared to create a new life rather than using all his power to make spectacles to gain the attention of Thor and Odin? Loki closed his eyes. It no longer mattered. He could feel the air shift around the moving staff, could hear the wisp of fabric as Frigga turned away. “Father, don’t!” Thor yelled, sounding surprisingly desperate. Loki couldn’t help but think briefly that Thor really did have the voice of a king. And then Loki flinched because something hit his neck, but it was not the biting cold metal he had been expecting. A warm, strong hand wound around the back of Loki’s neck, both reassuring and protecting him from any threat. Loki knew immediately that it was Thor’s hand, familiar with the sensation since it was one of Thor’s habits to hold Loki by the neck. Always holding his attention and keeping him close. It was odd that the gesture never felt threatening to Loki. Instead, it always filled him with a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Pseudo-Incest
Romance
Fluff
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Brotherhood
Brothers
Bonding
Spoilers

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

