Chapter 1: Meeting the Family
    




Chapter Text
                Tony could feel the warmth of his blood pouring from around the jagged piece of his mangled suit that was lodged in his side. He fell to one knee, unable to stand anymore. He couldn’t see the others anymore, not since the Shandor had somehow knocked out and bound the Hulk.
                A grotesque, insect like solder scuttled closer to Tony. Tony barely had enough strength to lift his arm to fire a missile at the creature. The creature swatted the missile away easily.
                “Well, it was good while it lasted,” Tony said, refusing to give in to his despair.
                “You would be well advised to put him down.”
                Tony sagged to the ground and looked over to the familiar voice. Great. On top of several nonstop weeks of ridiculously strong, mostly insane baddies, comes Loki. Honestly, Tony didn’t think it was fair. This was definitely not how he intended to die. The insect creature stopped moving toward Tony and looked over at Loki as well. Tony forced himself to focus, to fight the dimming of his consciousness.
                The leader of Shandor was holding the limp body of Thor by the thunder god’s neck, but was staring at his newly arrived brother. “I will kill him and…” the creature snarled, but was cut off when he was thrown by Loki’s magic into a building.
                Loki levitated his brother down and shook his head. Tony couldn’t hear what Loki said to the unconscious Thor, but the surreal nature of the scene made him wonder if he was already dead. There was an enraged growl and the creature was back, along with the seemingly hundreds of insect like solders. They swarmed at Loki, but suddenly there was a huge dog behind the Trickster, and the leader was writhing in pain as his armor seemed to contract around him. The last thing Tony remembered was the Shandor exploding as Loki watched with a slight smirk.
 
                “Easy, Stark,” Loki’s voice called Tony up from the darkness of unconsciousness. “Easy.”
                Tony didn’t feel any pain, just the cool sheets of his insanely comfortable bed. He opened his eyes and looked up at the ceiling of his own room at the Avenger’s home in California. He looked down and saw Loki gently touching the large piece of his ironman suit that was lodged in his side. Tony blinked, sure he should be feeling something, but instead felt warm and comfortable. “Somehow I didn’t think you would be in my afterlife,” Tony quipped.
                Loki looked up at him and smiled. “We are hardly in your afterlife, Stark. We are back at your home. You may want to look away.” He said touching the metal.
                Tony was NOT going to follow the advice of their most hated arch enemy, until he realized that Loki intended to remove the piece of metal from his side. Then he quickly looked away. He caught sight of the rest of the suit he had been wearing leaning against the wall. “Any reason you’ve decided to drop by?” Tony asked using his best bored tone.
                “My son wanted to visit his favorite uncle,” Loki answered.
                Tony felt the slightest tickle on his side, then a sudden cooling. He looked back down at his side and saw that the metal was gone and his side had been healed. “Why do I warrant the special treatment?”
                “Special treatment?” Loki asked.
                “Why are you playing nurse with me? Where are the others?”
                “I can multiply myself to care for you all, Stark,” Loki shrugged. “I saw no reason to involve those other humans you usually go to for healing. They are dreadfully slow at their work.” Loki sat back. “Now, sit up and let me see those bruises on your back.”
                “When you multiply yourself all of you can do magic?” Tony asked sitting up.
                “Of course,” Loki said, his warm hands lightly caressing away the bruises. “We are gods, you know.”
                “Gods, right.” Tony closed his eyes, Loki’s hands felt good. Tony could feel his eyes getting heavier.
                “Better,” Loki pushed Tony gently down. “I’ve taken care of your body, but your mind needs to rest now.”
                “You know this is crazy, right?” Tony offered lying back down. “You’re probably going to kill us all in our sleep or something, right?”
                Loki smiled indulgently. “Maybe next time. For now, let’s just have a nice visit. Sleep well.”
                Tony sunk back down into a comfortable, dreamless sleep.
 
                “Good morning! Did you sleep well?”
                Bruce looked around. He had woken up in his bed, feeling better than he had in YEARS when the scent of breakfast tickled his nose and made his stomach grumble. None of the Avengers were handy in the kitchen, so he was curious to see who would be cooking the bacon. He put on some clothes and was tiptoeing around the hall when he heard the small voice. There was an unfamiliar black puppy looki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Avengers AU
Domestic Avengers
mentions of abuse
BAMF Loki
Odin's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

