Chapter 1: Phil is a Brother
    




Chapter Text
When Phil was 10, his parents announced that he was about to become a big brother.  He was old enough to understand what needed to happen in order for that to happen, and he was mortified that it was happening in his house.  He resolutely kept his mouth shut at school, wary of the teasing that would follow if people knew what his parents had been up to.  Eventually it was obvious that his mom was pregnant, and the jokes came when she would drop him off and pick him up from school.
Then, just as school was about to be let out for the summer, the principal came into the room and pulled Phil out of the room.  His grandmother was there to drive him to the hospital.  His sister was on her way.  It was several more hours before Darcy made her appearance and he was allowed to see her.  He sat quietly in the waiting room, reading his Captain America book while nurses cooed over what a good boy he was.  But he wasn’t.  He didn’t want a sister.  And, somehow, he knew that was wrong.
He frowned when they took him into the room, unsure what to do.  His dad put him in a chair and asked if he wanted to hold his sister.  He did not.  But he knew it was expected, so he simply held out his hands.
When Darcy was placed in his arms and he looked down at her, he was struck by how much she suddenly mattered.  She was so tiny and vulnerable.  She couldn’t protect herself.  She couldn’t ask for what she needed.  Her cries were piercing, but he didn’t mind.  This was her only way to ask for things.  He was reluctant to hand her back to their mom when it was time to feed her.  Suddenly there was some sort of odd purpose in his life.  He was her brother.  His job was to look out for her and protect her.  Make the world a better place for her.  He loved her, and wasn’t that the strangest thing?

If only he realized just how much of a handful his sister would be.  (Maybe he did and just didn’t care.  Perhaps that was the power of sibling love.)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy is Coulson's Sister

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

