Chapter 1: Welcome to Jurassic World
    




Chapter Text
“Hey, boss man,” Darcy called as she sauntered into Tony’s engineering lab, large cup of coffee in hand. She came to stand at his desk, surprised to not see him. He was just right there. “Tony?” she called, placing the cup on a stack of unopened letters. “Marco!”She heard a rustling from her left and turned in time to see Tony come barreling out of a side room. “Polo! Where’s your bag?”“What bag?”“Your overnight bag? Did I not tell you?” Tony barely stopped moving as he asked, picking up what seemed like random tools and tossing them all over the place.Cleaning was not one of her responsibilities.“Hi, Dum-E,” Darcy muttered as the robot came over to say hi, beeping excitedly. She patted its outstretched arm and went to follow the billionaire as he left the room. “Tony! No you did not tell me about needing an overnight bag. I’ve already told you, I’m not sleeping with you.”He made a vague hand gesture as he continued down the hall. “Your loss. Jarvis! Have someone put together something for Lewis. Wheels up in ten!”Darcy stopped, standing in the middle of the hallway, arms across her chest. “Hey, asshole!”It said something about their working relationship that at her call, Tony stopped and faced her. “What?” he nearly whined it.She raised an eyebrow at him. “You need to actually tell me what’s going on.”Tony moved towards her, coming to stand by her side. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and ushered her down the hallway. “Me, you, and Bruce are going on a little field trip.”“A field trip?” the disbelief was strong in her voice.“Yeah, an old buddy of mine invited us to his island. In Costa Rica. It’ll be fun! Jarvis, make sure there’s a bathing suit, bikini, in her luggage.”“Miss Lewis?” The disembodied voice of Stark’s AI came from everywhere and nowhere.Darcy sighed. “That’s fine, J.”Scoffing, Tony replied, “Of course it’s fine, I said it was.”She rolled her eyes. “If you guys are going on vacation, you don’t need me.”Tony stopped their progression and Darcy realized they were standing outside Bruce’s lab. “Lewis, when was the last time you left New York? Fuck, when was the last time you left the tower?”“Um,” Darcy paused, thinking. “We had to evacuate the city for that thing with the giant mice. Jane and I went to your Malibu facility.”“That was eight months ago. Once I do lunch with my buddy, we’re going to have a weekend of relaxation. You’ve been saying I need to take a break, and this way you can make sure that I do. Win, win!” His tone of voice brooked no argument and, honestly, if they were going to Costa Rica, Darcy didn’t feel too inclined talk him out of it.As long as there were no aliens or robots trying to take over the world, she could actually have a few days to unwind. Her thoughts of beaches and drinks with umbrellas in it was broken when she heard him yell for Bruce.“Let’s go, Big Green, the jet awaits!” Tony really sounded entirely too excited about a few days off.They only had to wait a few minutes for the doors to the lab to slide open and for Bruce to emerge, bag slung over his shoulder.“Hey, Tony. Hi, Darcy. You coming, too?” Bruce asked as he joined them on her other side, and the trio made their way to the bank of elevators.She shrugged, “Guess so. My boss says I need a few days off, who am I to argue?”Bruce turned confused eyes to Tony. “I thought we were going to take a look at –““Look, the elevator!” Tony called out, interrupting whatever Bruce was about to say.  Ushering them inside, he hit the button for the quinjet launch pad. Yeah, Tony sounded entirely too happy about no work for a few days. Something was going on. Bruce could usually talk sense into him, so she wasn’t too concerned. For now.Whatever. Free vacation, apparently. She was too busy envisioning herself laying on the beach so she missed the look Bruce gave Tony over her head.A few seconds later, the elevator doors were opening and the three made their way to the open ramp of the quinjet. There was a familiar redhead standing nearby.“Hey, Nat,” Darcy called. “You going on vacation, too?”Natasha’s eyes flicked to Tony very briefly. If Darcy hadn’t known her as well as she did, she never would have caught the small movement. “I’m just your pilot to Costa Rica. You’ll be picked up by a private helicopter once you arrive.”Darcy tried to hide her disappointment. “Oh. Figured we could have had a girls’ weekend.”Nat hummed, but sounded apologetic when she said, “Sorry. I’m heading on from there to meet Barnes in South America. We’ll be back to pick you guys up on the mainland in three days.”Nodding, Darcy moved to board the jet, finding a duffel bag with her name embroidered on it. Huh. Well, Stark did pay for the best service. And apparently that extended to putting together last minute luggage for her. Oh, and her purse was placed next to it. Sweet.They were in the air less than five minutes later.Darcy settled herself in her seat and called over to Tony, wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Owen Grady

freeform: 
Dinosaurs
Tony is a little shit
raptor dad
needs a raptor mom
Velociraptors
Spoilers
Canon-Typical Violence
BAMF Darcy Lewis
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Graphic Violence

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Owen Grady

