Chapter 1: Lies and Headlines
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
To Tony, one thing was certain: Steve was the media’s sweetheart and Tony was the old dog they liked to kick.The paparazzi always barraged Tony with questions about his sex life, the supposed new alcohol or drug scandal of the week, the dangers of his Iron Man suit, telling him who hated him, telling him who hated him but wanted to fuck him…And then there was TMZ asking him if he rather be a Jedi Master or a Starship Captain…Alright, Tony loved the guys at TMZ and their hilariously ridiculous questions (his answer was Starship Captain) but the rest of them could go fuck themselves in his opinion.He spent his entire life under the watchful eyes of the media and, since he was a child, all they tried to do was find all his dirty little secrets and make his life a living hell. Even when he was saving lives, the media was all about what he did wrong: he did not save a certain building from falling, he did not stop a super villain from taking hostages, he let his science hobbies get in the way with his work with the Avengers, he let his work with the Avengers get in the way of his needed scientific breakthroughs, and on and on and on…But then there was Steve.When Steve was questioned, they asked him how his day was, how he was adjusting to the new century, or they were generally just nice to him. He somehow became a symbol of perfection and all the media outlets seemed to team up together to keep this glowing holy image of their Captain.Tony was insanely jealous but, at the same time, he was worried. Steve never knew the other side to the paparazzi. He saw them as nice people. In a million years, he would never suspect them to turn on him and, with them, the rest of the public at large. And Tony knew, Steve, with his huge, caring heart, would be crushed by the negative backlash.So, yes, Tony was jealous but he prayed Steve would never have to experience what he had to. Tony had long since learned to let it roll off him but he doubted Steve could easily do the same.---But it did not seem Tony prayed hard enough.Jarvis alerted Tony to the scandal minutes before it hit all the major news stations.Tony knew the scandal to be fake as soon as he heard it. Steve was his best friend. He knew the man better than himself and he knew this was impossible. But the girl spun a convincing tale and had “evidence.” In addition, it was juicy and appalling enough to make the media turn on Steve in a heartbeat.Tony dropped the specs he was working on and ran straight to where Jarvis directed him to where Steve was.The super soldier, thankfully, was nowhere near any media devices or within reach of the paparazzi. Steve was busily hitting the punching bag in the main gym in the Avengers Tower, only a floor below Tony’s workshop.Tony did not pause like he usually did to admire the way Steve’s ass clenched as he punched. There was no time for naughty thoughts about his best friend right now.“Steve!”Steve’s throws came to an immediate halt and he turned to Tony with a serious expression. Steve’s eyes raked over him and, by the sound of Tony’s voice and his current appearance, Steve instantly knew something was off.“What’s wrong?” Steve demanded. Tony recognized the tense stance as Steve taking on the posturing of Captain America and readying himself mentally for battle.“Susan Tyler,” Tony replied and Steve’s brows shot together.“Who?”Tony sighed heavily and wondered if he should sit Steve down or maybe put a comforting hand on his shoulder. The larger man’s posturing was dying down as his concerned confusion grew.“…She was a maid here until Pepper fired her for-for…being inappropriate.”He did not think it possible but Steve’s brows pinched together tighter.Steve asked, “Inappropriate?”“She wasn’t throwing out the Avengers’ trash,” Tony replied. “She was keeping it.”Steve’s eyes widened a fraction and he gasped, “Wow…yes, that – that’s inappropriate.” Steve cleared his throat and clarified, “A-All of it?”Tony nodded and wondered if Steve was putting it together yet. Tony jumped in either way and said, “Susan was obviously upset but she’s now filing charges on us for unlawful firing, slander, assault…and rape.”All the blood drained from Steve’s face and he hissed, “What?”“It seems she kept our disposed of samples,” Tony explained as diplomatically as he could when referring to his and the rest of the male team’s masturbation habits.Steve’s face went beet red and Tony was not sure if it was from anger, mortification, disgust, or a combination of all three.Tony continued, hoping hitting Steve with both shocking revelations at once would lessen the blow, “Steve, she’s using one of those samples to prove her accusation…”Steve stared at him with an unreadable expression as he absorbed Tony’s statement and then he stated, “It’s mine. Isn’t it?”Tony winced at the stoic tenor to his friend’s voice and replied, “Yeah…Yeah it is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Criminal trial
News Media
Paparazzi
Drama & Romance
Mutual Pining
Manipulating the Media
Friendship/Love
Falling In Love
False Accusations
Public Display of Affection
fake relationship au
Sexual Content
Twitter
Graphic Violence
Communication Failure
Courtroom Drama
Plot
Misunderstandings
Lovey-Dovey
False rape accusations
Tags out of order

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

