Work Text:
 It had taken more than two thirds of his liquor reserves to get the god of thunder even a little drunk, but Thor had seemed very much in need of it. At least, that was Tony’s primary excuse. The fact he’d thus been the closest set of ears for Thor to ramble into about his brother had been a real bonus. Tony had expected it, really, and it would’ve been quite a lie if he were to suggest that his liquor donations hadn’t been motivated by that very thing. He was curious. He was always curious about people with real families: the sort that break each other, that is. Sometimes he’d even find some that made his own look vaguely functional.
 So Thor had told him about his brother’s betrayal, starting with his coronation. From the hesitation in his voice, it was clear Thor still found it hard to believe that Loki had brought frost giants into Asgard. He still recalled so vividly his brother’s words: I think you’re right: about Laufey, about everything. It pained him, in retrospect, to have been so blind. “I desired war. I desired glory. I was a fool not to see how carefully my father had maintained peace after his wars with the frost giants. He wanted to give them time to rebuild, to better themselves, as you humans have done in our absence over the centuries. You are equal to us, or becoming so, by your own power and determination. No Aesir has the right to look down on any man in Midgard, for the world you have all made for yourselves is quite beyond our comprehension. Humanity is a force to be reckoned with, and have proven as much, fighting my brother as you have.” He shook his head. “I long ago accepted that I am a student of Earth, not a lord over any of it. It pains me now that my brother remains so stubbornly blind, when he was the one who taught me that lesson, in his way.”
 Then, with more subtle plying, and still more liquor, the rest of the story did out. Thor’s banishment, Loki’s seemingly accidental rise to the throne, and the lies he told both the king of the frost giants, and to his own exiled brother. The destroyer, Thor’s return to Asgard, and finally the destruction of the bïfrost. It was the latter which required the most alcohol, but the details garnered from the viking god’s loosened tongue resonated with still-suspicious parts of Tony Stark’s brain as he tried to make a map of Loki’s motives and decision-making. Know thy enemy.
 To prove that I am a worthy son! That resonated more than the billionaire was comfortable with; he’d felt some desperate urge along those lines, a long, long time ago. I never wanted the throne! I only wanted to be your equal, was also particularly revealing, and just distant enough from Tony’s own personal experiences that he could hold it up to the light and stare into the facets of it without too much discomfort.
 Thor passed out on his couch that night.
 Tony was left thinking about the nearby S.H.I.E.L.D. base, where Loki sat in a cell, wearing metal around his wrists and across his mouth to lock down all of the power he carried with him, and prevent him from pulling any more to himself. Tony was left thinking about lies and how optimistic their little super-villain had sounded, talking to those people in Germany. It had been so cartoonish, so flashy: sleight of hand and misdirection.
 He’d started to be unnerved by Loki, really, the first time he’d felt the trickster’s thoughts mirror his own: namely, when he realized Loki’s intention to commandeer Stark tower for the sake of compounding insult, injury, and pure showmanship.
 Tony Stark was more than a little familiar with showmanship, and considered himself to be an excellent liar. His prowess at poker was a thing of legend in some circles, and there are several places in Vegas that still wouldn’t let him near the tables. Tony also knew genius when he saw it. Thor was a pretty sharp tack for a blunt-weapon weirder but not exactly genius; however, Thor’s little brother clearly had a fair streak of it, buried under the apparent cold lunacy.
 So within a few hours, sans sleep and indifferent to the grey early dawn light at his back, Tony wandered into S.H.I.E.L.D. and sauntered in the general direction of the high-security holding cells like he owned the place. Getting past security was easy enough. He’d been hacking their systems for weeks now, and so long as he looked straight-faced and confident enough, no one questioned a man with all the right keys and all the right codes. Fury would likely notice within about fifteen minutes, though, so Tony didn’t exactly dawdle.
 He was unpleasantly surprised to find Nick Fury already waiting for him at the door to Loki’s cell, looking unimpressed and mildly annoyed. “Mr. Stark, don’t make me regret letting you in this base without a strip search to remove any traces of bugging technology from your person.”
 Tony considered this. “Would I get my suit back?”
 “I’d make sure you were made to wear scrubs, Mr. Stark. Pink ones.”
 The billionaire frowned at that desp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
BAMF!Loki
Tony Stark likes to mess with people too

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

