Work Text:
The first time the teachers send a note home with Clint, about his problems, about how he’s dumber than the other kids, his dad’s not angry. He just laughs, which, Clint realizes, isn’t actually better. “You sure are your mother’s son,” his dad says, ruffling his hair. “Dumb as a doorknob.” Clint gives his mom the second note. She asks him if he’s okay, if he’s having problems at school, if he needs glasses to read. He tries to tell her how the words just slip out of order sometimes, how letters flip backward and forward coming out of his pencil. Lower case ‘b’ and ‘d’ should make a bed when you spell the word; ‘s’ and ‘z’ are supposed to touch at the knees and forehead like they’re praying, if you put them side by side. Clint knows all the tricks. He doesn’t know why he keeps screwing it up. He tries to explain it to his mom, but his words come through the maze of his mind mumbled and mangled, like the clay bowl he made when he was four. She tells him to try harder.A few weeks later his mom takes him to school on a weekend to take a test. She says that it doesn’t mean anything, that there’s nothing wrong with him, but he knows that being the only kid at school at nine o’clock on a Saturday morning isn’t something to be proud of. The test has words that he’s supposed to match to pictures, stories that he’s supposed to put in the right order, numbers that--when other people put them together--are always supposed to equal the same thing. She says that there’s no grades on this kind of test but he knows he failed it. A week later they move him to a classroom with two other kids who can barely even talk. The teacher in that class gives him workbooks to do and leaves him alone. Barney makes fun of him for being in the retard class, and, since it’s true, Clint has no comeback. Every time his mom gets his report card, she asks him why he isn’t trying harder. His dad just laughs. Their parents die in May, right after Clint gets held back a grade for the second time. *At the orphanage they get mad. Clint understands. There are too many kids; they can’t afford to give Clint special treatment. He tries, and they tell him to try harder. He does. Nothing happens. He gets to the end of a sentence and can’t remember what he saw at the beginning. He adds ‘e’ to pretty much every word that doesn’t have one, and forgets it on all the words that do. He turns scarlet red and stammers every time they tell him to read out loud. He sounds each word out, but they fall apart on his tongue, escaping like fish trying to get back to the ocean. Pretty quickly the teachers learn not to call on him. He is nine and does not know how to read, and then he is ten, and then he is eleven, and at some point, they stop expecting him to ever learn. He’s the oldest, dumbest kid in his class when Barney gets tired of the orphanage and breaks them both out. Clint takes a book with him, one that’s mostly pictures of knights and castles and horses wearing armor. Barney laughs at him when he sees it so Clint throws it away. *At the circus, no one even notices. It’s one of the reasons why he loves it there.  His least favorite thing is that there are no doors for him to lock and Barney won’t stay with him at night. Once Trickshot notices him hiding in the supports on the big top and throwing popcorn at kids in the crowd, Clint doesn’t have to spend the nights alone. Clint’s twelve now, almost thirteen, old enough to take care of himself, but it’s still nice to have someone to watch his back. When Clint’s arms finally grow long enough to use one of Trickshot’s old bows, he gives Clint a book as a present to celebrate. It’s got a brown broken spine and the pages are yellow with age and painted gold on the edges. It has pictures inside of men in tight pants with funny hats, holding bows that are almost as tall as they are. They look strong and rich and cool; they look like Clint wants to look when he grows up. The pictures are protected with thin filmy pages that keep them from rubbing against the ink of the text, and Clint is very careful not to touch them. He hides out by the horse stalls and gets through three pages in two nights, squinting and swearing and sounding everything out, before he realizes that he has no idea what he’s been reading. He pretends to be lazy because he doesn’t want Trickshot to know that he’s retarded. Trickshot keeps trying to get Clint to read the book—says it’s important, says Clint can learn things from reading it—but he refuses. Trickshot tries bribes, tries withholding food, tries withholding his time and attention, but Clint keeps his mouth shut and the book closed. Trickshot gives in after a few weeks, says “There’s something wrong with you, kid.” Clint keeps the book and doesn’t disagree. He learns as much from the pictures as he can, and vows that when he’s older, when he’s older and smarter and has his own bow, he’ll read the whole book from start to finish.The fortune teller, Old Mary—Old Mary who had named
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dyslexia
Illiteracy
Insecurity
Self-Esteem
Neglect
Learning Disabilities
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

