Work Text:
"I wish [slang parsed: Steve Rogers] was here"
=>subtract temporal context
=>conclude:Mr. Stark wishes for Steve Rogers's presence
Tony loves his workshop. It's the stocked with everything he could need, it's private, and it's wonderfully, gloriously lockable. That, and there's no one there to bug him that he can't ignore. Even when the large space is full of the stink of welding or the crackle and hum of electricity, even when Dummy and Butterfingers are living up to their names, it's one of the only places in the world where he feels some measure of peace.
Over the music he's blaring, Tony hears a faint noise and turns quickly (just because you're paranoid, doesn't mean Norse gods aren't out to get you). Steve is standing outside the main door to the workshop, and although he's in street clothes, he has the shield slung over one arm. Tony's sure he didn't miss a call to assemble. Pretty sure. Kinda sure.
"Let him in, JARVIS."
The door opens and Steve steps inside.
"Uh. Welcome," Tony says. "What are you doing here? We got trouble?"
Steve glances around the workshop, his eyes lighting for a second on what was supposed to be a prototype for a new kind of hologramatic communication system, and is currently clamped to a crowded shelf, an empty coffee cup balanced where the screen never quite was.
"I was going to ask you that. JARVIS said you needed me."
"Uh. What? No, I'm good," Tony says, his mind filled with circuits and glowing connections, already tuning Steve back out.
"Okay. I'll uh – go, then," Steve says hesitantly.
"Mm-hmm, cool, see ya."
Later, when he remembers the exchange, Tony spools through the code, looking for anything that might have prompted JARVIS to call Steve. He finds it eventually, a throwaway, 'man, I wish Captain Holds-a-lot was here', as he hauled something across the workshop. Still doesn't explain why JARVIS followed through on that request while ignoring things like 'steroids. I need steroids. I do not understand why steroids have such a bad press' and 'a crane, JARVIS, I need a crane, get me a crane'. That last one was even a direct order, so if JARVIS was going to indulge any of Tony's whims, it really should have been that one.
Weird.
What's weirder is that it happens again.
And then again.
"Maybe it's a glitch," Steve says, the third time JARVIS calls him to the workshop for no damn good reason.
"JARVIS doesn't have glitches," Tony says a bit snippily. "He does sometimes have a complete and very brutal rewiring, though."
"In fact, Mr. Stark has not edited my personality circuits in over five years," JARVIS puts in.
"Yeah, well believe me, I'll be remedying that soon. Sorry about him."
"It's okay," Steve tells him. "At least he knows how to call me if there ever is an emergency."
 
 
"Call me if there ever is an emergency"
=>quote:Steve Rogers.
=>Emergency protocol:contact:Steve Rogers"  
 
"I didn't know JARVIS could make calls," Steve says, and Tony nearly jumps out of his skin. He's sure he locked the door. He always locks the door.
"Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing here?"
"JARVIS called. Said you haven't been sleeping. Or eating. Or out of this room in approximately seventy four hours."
"Well, that's just stupid – wait, what day is it?"
"Friday, Tony."
"Oh. Okay, yeah, about that, then. What's the big deal? It's hardly a record."
"It isn't?"
"Mr. Stark did not leave the basement for three and a half weeks after his separation from Miss Potts."
"JARVIS, what the hell? Mute, Jesus... Stop looking at me like that, Rogers. Why does he even tell you this stuff?"
"I have no idea, Tony. He's your robot – "
"He's not a robot, he's – "
"Artificial Intelligence, yeah, I know. You made him. Tell him not to tell me stuff if you don't want me to know."
There's a slightly sharp tone to Steve's voice that in anyone else would be indicative of a full on temper tantrum. Tony glances at the clock. 4:02 a.m. Okay. Pissiness pardoned.
"There are certain things I feel it advisable for Captain Rogers to know," JARVIS interjects.
"Again, what the hell? Did you just override the mute? That's for emergencies only."
"Emergency defined as Mr. Stark taking a course likely to cause harm to self or others. Example: requesting that Captain Rogers leaves. Calculated probability of this event without intervention: 95 percent."
"Okay, that's – " Tony says, studiously not looking at Steve, trying for a laugh that falls flat. "I need to reprogram your dictionary, JARVIS. That's a very liberal definition of emergency."
"I am merely allowing emotional as well as physical harm to fall within my parameters."
Tony can feel Steve staring at him, and no wonder, really. Stupid JARVIS just told him Tony's in danger of emotional harm if he leaves, and what manner of bullshit is that, anyway? What the actual fuck? Did he just get outed by his AI?
"You need to leave," Tony tells Steve. "Now." And it's...rude as hell, really, but most people around Tony are used to that by now.
"And you need to sleep,"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

