Work Text:
+Tony takes over Stark Industries when he’s twenty-one. By the time he’s twenty five, half the weapons systems in the world bear his name. By the time he’s thirty, it’s not just weapons anymore. It’s kitchen appliances and mobile phones and computers and medical equipment. His weapons are on the black market, spreading to corners of the world he would never actually make business with. Obie worries and Pepper bites her lip a lot, but Tony doesn’t care. Tony has a million more ideas in his head and they want out so badly he can’t sleep, can’t eat, can’t do anything but work until he’s ready to fall over.When he wants quiet he gets drunk and fucked-out and when he’s recovered, he kicks out whoever he took home the night before and gets back into his workshop.Half the world is his and he thinks he could probably take the rest over in under a week (You didn’t really think there isn’t a backdoor into everything he’s ever built, did you?), but if there is one thing Tony Stark lacks, beside tact, it’s drive.He just makes his art. What happens to it after that is none of his concern. Jarvis keeps track, that’s good enough for him.+And then Afghanistan happens and... Afghanistan happens. There’s really not anything else to say. +And suddenly Tony has the drive he’s always been missing.He has ways into just about every weapons system of the world, he can access computers and phones and fucking blenders remotely if he wants to and Jarvis isn’t just hooked up to the internet, he pretty much is the internet and Tony spends hours, sometimes, wondering how the fuck no-one is catching on.“The world is not your playground, Stark!” Fury yells at him one time, after he maybe brings down a building or two and Tony just laughs because, seriously, yes it is. He owns it. And with a metal heart in his chest (Made it myself, look, Ma!), he’s going to clean it up.No more weapons. No more war. No more dirty energy, no more famine, no more disease. Because he says so. Because he spent three months in an Afghan cave being tortured and yelled at and starved and beaten, spent three months listening to a man who’d lost everything and still dreamt of better things, still had hands steady enough to shake Tony out of his nightmares and a voice gentle enough to sooth him back to sleep. Because there was no booze and no warm, willing bodies to get lost in and hello, reality, it’s so nice to meet you. Tony built this world’s weapons and never cared what happened to them until one of them tore him apart.He’s learned his lesson. If you don’t want to get hurt, make sure there’s nothing and no-one in the world that can hurt you. (What? Yes, of course it’s about him. He’s always been selfish. You know that. Calling yourself a philanthropist doesn’t make it so.)+“Of course, Stark,” Fury says, rolls his eyes, doesn’t listen at all. “SHIELD will work with you.”+He hears Loki’s rhetoric. Everyone does.No more war, no more death. No more humans slaughtering each other for fun. The others scoff, but Tony looks at the video feed of a god with fever-bright eyes and yeah, he recognizes that look. There’s empty words and then there’s desperate-afraid-hungry-please.“I want to talk to him,” he says, cutting Hill off mid-sentence. Fury glowers at him with his one eye, dark and dangerous, and Tony raises an eyebrow, smiles. “Pretty please.”They let him only because he promises to play nice and everything else failed. Like he’s some sort of puppy, some errant child to need permission.“Jarvis,” he mutters on his way to the cell, “make a note. Also, Project: Playground.”In his pocket, his phone buzzes once, a quiet acknowledgement. +He slouches in the chair Natasha left behind after her failed attempt to trick the god of tricks, stretches his legs long and asks, “So, what exactly are you going to do, once you have the world?”Loki smirks, too many teeth, and leans against the glass.“Rule it, of course.”Tony flaps a hand. “Yeah, obviously. Genius here, figured that out myself, thanks. I meant how. Mass slavery? Genocide? Torture people for fun?”And yes, that one hits home (He knew it would, he remembers his reflection in the mirror, thank you very much. This is what pain looks like, this is what panic under a thin veneer of bravado looks like. This is what broken to fucking bits and crazy-glued back together looks like, are you blind?). Loki snarls, slams a hand against the glass, wild like an animal. A cornered animal. One that Fury’s been poking with a stick for the past twelve hours.Then he catches himself and exhales slowly, visibly pulling himself together. Pulling the mask back down, not gold and red but just as effective.“Genocide?” he parrots, “You are all beneath me. Why would I differentiate? Why not murder every one of you snivelling ants?”“Lie,” Tony points out, just because he can. (The lie isn’t what you think it is, though.)Paradoxically, it makes the god laugh. It shouldn’t surprise Tony. Does. “I would rule you all. Stop your squabbles over 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Insanity
Torture
Alternate Universe - Dark
Sort of Mirror!verse
Except not really?
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

