Chapter 1



Summary:

I would read the updated note.



Notes:
***UPDATED NOTE***, Hi! If you're just joining us, this has been two years of me picking away at this story and learning as I go. GOOD NEWS for those of you just finding this, IT IS FINISHED! All will be posted by Monday. Few notes about my work. I barley proof read. Sometimes I will go back and fix stuff I find months down the road. I know. You don't have to leave me comments. I am not going to do much. With that said, I mean you can still read it. Like 800 people have at least so... anywho, welcome! Thanks for joining us and if you're thinking about throwing your hat in the FanFic writing ring, please do! I need tons to read!~*~*~Sigh.I am not sure this wants to be written. It's been in my head for months and "on paper" for a month.This chapter is a snip and paste version of the first 3 longer chapters I had. Once I chopped those up things started to seem a little more obtainable. The next chapter, however, is where we actually get our hands in and get comfortable. So stick with me until that. Then feel free to tell me if I am grasping at straws here. Please and Thank you!Next chapter needs a fine tooth comb but hopefully up by Sunday.Chey, I hope this find you well. Sorry I couldn't get this out sooner!




Chapter Text
To best understand Darcy aversion to the whole bound soulmate ideal, you first have to ponder the chicken or the egg theory. Was Darcy Lewis so adamantly against soulmates because she believed herself a true, independent thinker? Therefore she would not allow herself to be bound by a predetermined fate?... Or was it as simple as the dismissive words written neatly, tracing the right side of her collarbone, were cause enough to believe happily ever after is not guaranteed for all those who are marked?"Context." Her Mother would remind Darcy as a child. "We don't know the context."When Darcy was 14, her Father, Darcy's Mother's Soulmate, left them for parts unknown. Darcy's Mother remained a deluded romantic and Darcy grew more cynical at the idea. She was nearly convinced she was better off getting her walking papers before it began.Though to her it is not all a sob story. To her it was a blessing. Never let it be said that Darcy Lewis didn't live life on her own terms. She lived life on the fly. She never had to worry that one day, it all would change by 8 words thrown her direction. Her Soulmate would say his or her peace and collectively they would move on. Free to float independently among the Universe as she always had. Darcy would have done well to listen to her Mother... ~*~ Nothing in the early morning hours had lead her to believe that a cosmic conspiracy was in fact, conspiring against her. The day was beginning like most had... right on the tail of the one before. When she originally had agreed to stay on with Jane as Jane moved her whole operations from Stark Tower to the new Avenger's facility, she made it her mission to see to it that Jane got on Regular Human Time. Yet, here she was walking like the half dead back to her own tiny accommodations after finally getting Jane tucked into the much more spacious married couple housing that Jane occupied because apparently being bound to Thor somehow got you preferred treatment around here.It's no wonder when she passed Steve in the hall, giving the official tour to his long-lost-childhood-friend-turned-Hydra-made-assassin-turned-down-and-out-but-super-hot-amnesiac-out-to-find-himself, Darcy wasn't in the right mind space to act within social norms during introductions. She acted like... well she acted like Darcy.Of course she knew who he was. She had read everything she could get her hands on after the fall of SHIELD. She had heard Steve had found him weeks ago and after some initial brainwashing detoxing, or whatever it is they were doing, Steve thought it was time to bring him to the safety of the compound.Somehow in midst of a battle with the weight of her eyelids, she managed to make eye contact with Steve. He looks surprised to see anyone up at this hours but smiles softly and indicates for her to come over. "Looks like you caught us. I was hoping we could sneak in and make our rounds relatively unnoticed." Steve then positions himself to face both Darcy and Bucky. "Buck, this is Darcy. She works here at the facilities in one of our labs."At mention of labs, Bucky's head dips. He gives a nod directed at the floor. His finger splay open and then ball into a fist. To see such a solid mass of brawn be reduced to a frightening shell is a total bummer.She keeps a careful vigil of him as Steve continues on with the introductions. She fights against every instinct to braid his hair and promise the bad men will never get him again."Darcy this is Bucky... uh, James?" Steve stumble over his name and Darcy loses that one last stitch of self control. She propels herself forward."Come here you beautiful broken dove." Darcy engulfed Bucky... (James?) in a big hug. Aside from the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
post AOU
Lighthearted angst
Because I can't do angst-angst
possible triggers
possible
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

