Chapter 1



Notes:
Here we go, dipping toes in the pool. First timer here, so concrit is totally encouraged and appreciated. Also, a Beta might not go amiss if anyone wants to take a stab. Thanks for reading, hope you enjoy!




Chapter Text
The rumors start six months after Loki’s defeat. Somewhere in the city a new male escort is making quite the splash with the Manhattan's upper crust. Tony has caught glimpses of the man at various functions, but never come face to face. All he can say for sure is that the man is tall, slender and dark haired. Other than that, who knows. Three weeks later, Tony is called to Fury’s office at the ungodly hour of too-fucking-early-o’clock about something that he is honestly still too hungover to give a shit about. The last words that fall out of Fury’s mouth do catch his attention and Tony tunes back in.“... at S.H.I.E.L.D. expense of course.”“Right, go back and repeat what you just said now that I know it isn’t coming out of my own pocket.” Fury braces his elbows on the edge of the desk and smiles. Tony isn’t quite sure that the smile has anything to do with how the director really feels and wonders briefly if Fury’s baring of teeth is anything like the last thing seals see before the shark swallows them down. “Mr. Stark, I’d like you to engage an escort’s services for the evening. We’ve received intel that a possible threat has been operating as an escort lately and we thought that you would be the least likely person to raise eyebrows if you purchased that type of service.”Tony nods at Fury’s assertion and crosses an ankle over the opposite knee, gesturing for Fury to elaborate. “All we need you to do is hire the man, take him to one of your residences that is wired for surveillance and allow us to gather the necessary information as to who it is and what they are attempting to gain. What you do after that is, of course, at your discretion. Interested?” Tony isn’t sure that the bouncy seal clap is an appropriate reaction to the order to purchase what will undoubtedly be an expensive evening with an attractive man on someone else’s tab choosing instead to signal his agreement with a hum and a nod. “Good, glad you chose to cooperate. Now get the hell out of my office and for god’s sake shower. You smell like the floor of a bar.” Tony stands and leaves the office heading for his car, his house and his shower. The overwhelming impression left by that meeting with the joyless bastard that is now nominally his boss? The feeling that Fury may actually like him. A little. Possibly. ~~~Pepper makes the appointment with “Luke”, face scrunched in disapproval even after Tony assured her that the whole thing was happening at the insistence of S.H.I.E.L.D. Even knowing that Tony is a better person than most give him credit for, Pepper can’t help but feel that Tony is making a mistake. Because she is a good friend and an even better employee, she limits the expression of her disapproval to a look and a few huffs of breath. “You have the entire night, and your apartment on 82nd is being aired and prepped as we speak. Coulson called earlier to remind you that the armor is going to be available to you if an emergency arises, but will not be in the immediate vicinity of your ‘date’. Anything else?” Not really waiting for a response, Pepper spun on one heel and taps her way out of the room. Gah. Even when he played by the rules he still managed to get in trouble. All he needed now to make the day complete was the censure of.. “Tony,” Fuck. Speak of the devil yadda yadda. “Do you really think that this is the best use of your talent? Volunteering as bait in a sting that any S.H.I.E.L.D. agent could handle?” “What can I say Cap, I’m just that popular.” Tony grins at his own reflection as he finishes the knot in his tie. “I still think..”“Oh for fu--. Let it go. No one is forcing me into anything I don’t want to do. It isn’t going to hurt me and I’ll have earned a few brownie points for cooperation. Relax.”“But..” “No, seriously, I’m done discussing it. Now, I’ve gotta go or I’m gonna be late, and we all know how much you hate that.” Tony gathers up the last of his things, tucking his wallet into his jacket and clasping his wristwatch firmly in place as he walks from his room, leaving a stymied Steve Rogers standing in his wake. ~~~The man Tony hired is everything he appeared to be at the parties. Tall, slender almost to the point of waifish, and hair so black it was either the result of amazing genes or an amazing stylist. As Luke slipped into the darkened back seat next to Tony, something began to buzz at the edge of Tony’s consciousness. He couldn’t immediately identify it but there was something he was missing. Something important. They remain silent for the ride across town, Tony trying to figure out what he’s feeling and Luke watching the traffic pass by. They reach the apartment quickly and Tony reaches out to LUke, pulling him across the seat as they slide out of the car and head for t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Prostitution
Implied Torture
Self Esteem Issues
Brainwashing

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

