Work Text:
Steve doesn't even realize it, at first.Iron Man is his friend. Of course Iron Man is his friend. Iron Man was there at his side when he woke up in this new world -- and it seems like he hasn't really left his side since. He's always there when Steve needs someone to talk to, when icy dreams have woken him in the early hours of the morning and he's wandering the halls. Sometimes Iron Man will talk to him then, will tell him his own stories, so he knows he's not alone; sometimes they'll just sit in silence in each other's company, and that's good too. He's brilliant, and he always makes Steve laugh. He makes him smile. He cracks awful jokes while Steve sits there with breakfast and the newspaper, and Steve sits there grinning, and he thinks that there's something for him in the future after all. There's this.The rest of it -- honestly, it's more than a little embarrassing, but it's happening, and it's the truth, and Steve's always been the kind of fella who owns up to the truth, even if he can only say it to himself.Here's a thing he's never told the scientists about the serum: it did something for his libido. It really, really did. He used to be able to take it or leave it, but now? He'll take it, and he'll take it, and he'll take it. Oh, it doesn't affect his performance as an Avenger -- he's not going to die of blue balls -- but it's a regular part of his daily routine. Wake up, go for a run, shower, take care of business in the shower, go about his day, have another shower, take care of himself again, and maybe again in bed if he can't sleep. He can go without it, because there are always Avengers emergencies, but on a good day? That's what he likes to do. He tries not to think of it as perverse. It's a natural function. It's clearly a thing his body just feels better if he does, like stretching or sparring or running. It doesn't mean anything. He tries not to think about anyone in particular, anyone real, when he's getting off. It feels dishonest somehow to picture real people; it feels exploitative. (That and -- okay, there really are telepaths in the world these days. They might actually know if he's thinking dirty thoughts about them. Or anyone else.)So today, this morning, it's a bright June day. Steve's back from his run, he's feeling good and relaxed, and he's in the shower jerking off. This morning's fantasy is a tall, leggy brunette, and she's unbuttoning her dress for him, slow and sweet and smiling and he's close, he knows he's close--And then there isn't a girl in his fantasy anymore. There's a blue-eyed man in a golden metal mask, and his red-gauntleted hand strokes confidently down Steve's stomach, and his voice, teasing and affectionate even through the vocal filters, says how about I show you something even better, Winghead? and Steve shuts his eyes and comes hard, nearly falling against the tiled shower wall.What was that?He opens his eyes and stares at the water swirling down the drain.What the hell was that?Sure, Iron Man is his friend. Probably his best friend. And it's not that he doesn't know he likes men like that, but he doesn't like Iron Man like that, does he? And even if he does it's still wrong to think of him like this, to use Iron Man's image for his own base gratification. He should have some self-control. He shouldn't do this again. He should stop.
He doesn't stop.Before he never noticed, really, but now he can't stop thinking about it, he can't stop noticing Iron Man as someone physical, someone with a body, even if that body is encased in metal.There's a team meeting over breakfast; Iron Man brought donuts he couldn't eat and is sitting there sipping orange juice through a straw, watching Wasp and Giant-Man fight each other for the last sprinkle donut as they run through last week's list of villains.Iron Man, sitting next to Steve, picks up the last donut from the box -- a jelly donut -- and holds it out to Steve. "Got you your favorite," he says. There's a pause when Steve doesn't take it, and he imagines the man under the armor is frowning. "Those are your favorites, right?""Yeah. Thanks, Shellhead," Steve says, and he takes the donut.His bare fingers brush Iron Man's gauntlets, and there's powdered sugar stuck to the metal.He thinks about licking it off the armor.What is wrong with him?
It's one of those hot, sticky, muggy days, the kind of day where Steve hopes all the evildoers of New York City decide to stay home, but of course he's not that lucky. Even worse, it seems like today both Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four have decided to stay home, which is why the Avengers spend about three solid hours fighting Paste-Pot Pete and then the Chameleon impersonating Paste-Pot Pete. Steve might have spent one of those hours glued upside-down to the side of a building in the Bronx until they could find a solvent. It's not one of his prouder moments.And then, of course, the Fantastic Four show up after all and Johnny Storm ends up accidentally setting a warehouse o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Early in Canon
Pining
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Armor Kink
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

