Work Text:
The Avengers are having a picnic. This is mostly because Steve has ideas about bonding and everybody is defenseless in the face of Steve's determination. But usually they can at least make it so their bonding happens inside, if not in front of the TV then at least not outdoors. No dice this time; Steve wants a picnic.Tony isn't overly fond of outdoors. But no amount of whingeing could convince Steve otherwise, and because there's no place on Earth the Avengers can go unmolested (if not by fans then by S.H.I.E.L.D., whose satellites are everywhere), Thor brings them someplace else. Not Asgard, because that's still off-limits to non-believers outsiders, but for some reason it's not half as blasphemous to use the bifrost to have a picnic in some nice, unlived-in realm. The sky is purple and the grass is orange and Bruce makes high-pitched dolphin noises over both (Tony absolutely doesn't, no sir), but eventually they do sit down and have their stupid picnic.On the plus side, there's no insects. On the downside, Loki shows up out of nowhere.He doesn't even look surprised to find them here, the bastard, but something is off about him; he looks pale (paler than usual, which is quite a feat actually), almost gaunt. There's a haunted expression in his eyes."Thor," he hisses, glancing around furtively, completely ignoring how everybody is gaping at him. In the background Clint is muttering something about somebody always ruining all parties and I didn't even get to the fried shrimps yet, if I don't get to eat them now because of him I'm going to stab him with the skewers. Natasha mutters back that the wood they're made of is way too weak for that sort of thing and will splinter, and at that point Tony stops paying attention, because ew, graphic and guts, no thanks, and besides, Loki is much more fascinating. In an entirely non-sexual way, because that would be wrong, what with him being Thor's brother and the whole arch-enemy thing and all."Brother," Thor says. He seems adorably confused – Thor does everything adorably, Tony has found, there's something about him that makes you want to pat him on the head and give him a treat – but not anywhere as hostile as the situation should warrant, all things considered.To everybody's surprise, Loki ignores that. Usually he never fails to make a generally violent point about their not being related, but this time he seems to be preoccupied.  "You have to help me, Thor," he hisses.Thor blinks. "Sit down, brother, share meat and drink with my comrades!" He booms. When in doubt, offer alcohol and food. Tony can sympathize with at least half of that.Loki actually does sit down, though not without looking around suspiciously one last time. "Remember Svaðilfari?""Sleipnir's father," Thor says."The horse?" Clint hisses in the background. It earns him a reproaching look from Steve, who has never liked the story of the horse, or how much it had amused Clint at the time. To be honest, Tony doesn't find horse rape all that amusing either, and all Thor will say on the matter is "you don't understand" so there's really nothing to clear up the murky waters of their Wikipedia-fuelled knowledge."You have to get rid of him," Loki states, wild-eyed.This clearly confuses Thor. "I killed Svaðilfari many eons ago." Killed his nephew's father? Other father? His brother's rapist? Does it even count if it's a horse? Norse mythology is so confusing, and knowing those involved personally doesn't make it at all easier to understand."Not Svaðilfari, you berk!" Loki growls. "Doom!""Doom… will come upon us?" Thor asks hesitantly."You mean Dr Doom?" Tony decides to get involved, because this is starting to be painful. Though to Thor's credit, it's not the first time someone has misunderstood the guy Doom with, well, doom. It sort of comes with the territory if one of their enemies has a cheesy name like that and some of their allies use cheesy speech like that."Yes!" Loki focuses on Tony, which, oops, wasn't his intention. Being at the focus of Loki's attention is rarely a good thing, though their banter is rather entertaining. "You have to kill him. Isn't that your job anyway?""Look, if it were that easy… besides, Richards sorta got dips on the guy," Tony counters, vaguely irritated. "He's mostly their arch-enemy, he only gets involved with us if you are concerned.""Yes, exactly!" Loki grabs Tony's shoulders, wild-eyed. "You have to make it stop!""Calm down, brother," Thor says. Calm down, brother, he says. Calm down, brother. Has he not learned that that's about the absolute worst thing he could say to Loki? It not only implies hysteria but also reminds him of their familiar (or non-familiar, as it were) bounds.But Loki doesn't even seem to be paying attention. Tony's starting to consider the possibility of this being a really weird dream. Didn't he try a new liquor last night? Yes, he did, some Mexican stuff, tobala mezcal or something like that. That must be it. Weird liquor, weird dreams. Eve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protectiveness
Stalking
Warning: Loki
Humor

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

