Work Text:
It’s not like Tony Stark snapping at Nick Fury is big news. Really, not seeing the two of them shouting at each other would be more unusual.
Steve gets that, so usually, Steve would not interfere.
He  is not one to use the power he has lightly. He’s learned the possible  repercussions of that, a harsh lesson ever since he turned from a  sickly, thin boy into Captain America.
But today, Tony pushes it  just a bit too far. He’s not only being snarky, but outright disobedient  and rude and absolutely unbearably arrogant to somebody who is,  essentially, his commander, and Steve has to take a deep breath in order  to calm himself.
It wouldn’t do to lose control, to get too  explicit in front of the entire team. Steve knows that Tony values his  privacy and that he fears nothing more than losing anyone's and  especially the other Avengers’ respect, however grudging it might be on  occasions.
But Steve also has a responsibility for Tony, even  more so than other people might have for their partners in their  relationships. Tony relies on Steve making choices or decisions for him  if needed, even when Tony himself at first doesn’t realize that it is  necessary.
So when he sees Tony open his mouth for yet another  round of disrespectful venom aimed at Director Fury, Steve braces  himself and does interfere.
“Tony,” is all he says.
He’s not shouting, not at all. Rather, his voice is quiet, but with an edge Tony should be very familiar with by now.
It’s  not his soldier voice, because Steve is too keen on being professional  as to mix work up with this. It wouldn’t do for them to blur the lines  and ending up endangering somebody during a mission due to  miscommunication. But the tone - it’s close, and similarly strict. Steve  might still be a bit surprised that it works, but he does realize that  using this voice will manage to get even a Tony Stark’s complete  attention.
Steve is proven right when, instead of spewing another  set of condescending words, Tony snaps his mouth shut and promptly  turns his head towards Steve.
His whole stance is defiant, but  Steve knows Tony well enough by now to see the signs that Tony is, in  fact, very carefully waiting for something; he's expecting more. There's  a wariness in his eyes, for example. There’s the way his fingers curl  and uncurl just briefly against the table. An a nearly imperceptible  shudder rippling through his frame.
To anyone else, it probably looks like sheer annoyance or anger. But Steve knows better.
“What  is it, Cap?" Tony eventually breaks the silence, his voice mocking.  "Want to share your mighty opinion on this? Spit it out, and we can  ignore it and move right on.”
Steve has to stifle an urge to  stand up and take Tony apart right there and then, in front of everyone,  until he breaks down and remains open and bare and vulnerable.
But Steve isn’t like that, and Tony would never forgive him. Frankly, Steve wouldn’t forgive himself either.
Everyone  is watching the two of them very carefully now, and most of the other  Avengers are nothing if not smart, some of them even creepily observant.  They would catch on at once. (Sometimes Steve has the feeling Clint and  Natasha might already have.)
So Steve does not act on the urge.  Instead, he takes in the way Tony is leaning heavily on the table,  muscles tense and strained, then stares right into Tony’s eyes.
“Tony,” he repeats in that very special tone of voice. “Stop.”
Tony, in turn, takes an audible breath through his nose, sends another angry glare towards Fury - and sits back down.
For  the rest of the meeting, quite possibly to everyone but Steve’s  surprise, Tony Stark doesn’t utter a single word and only nods his  approval if strictly necessary.
Luckily, nobody is stupid enough to provoke him again by commenting on it.
The  second the briefing is over, Steve gets up and turns to walk right to  Tony’s side, settling a firm hand on his shoulder. Tony feels tense  under his fingers, like a tightly drawn string rope ready to snap, and  it only seems to worsen when Steve seeks out Tony's eyes and sends him a  reproachful look.
“I think we need to talk, don’t you agree?” Steve says quietly but firmly.
Tony’s nod is nothing more than a jerk of his head.
“Sure,” he manages, and all Steve hears is Tony desperately clinging to the last bit of restraint he has left.
They  need to leave now, find some privacy to deal with this. Lucky for them,  all the Avengers still have accommodation at SHIELD headquarters, so  instead of having to deal with a tense flight back home or risking  exposure by doing it somewhere else, Steve does his best not to look too  suspicious as he ushers Tony out of the conference room and towards his  own quarters.
The room is not very large, but the door is thick and has a lock and that is all that counts right now.
Tony  doesn’t protest as Steve guides him into the room, doesn’t show any  kind of reaction beyond being tense and a hell lot more quiet than he  usually is.
“Sit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Dom!Steve
Sub!Tony
Begging
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Discipline
Dominance
Submission

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

