Chapter 1: A symbol of cages
    




Chapter Text
When England entered his study, something was immediately disquieting. At first glance, it was difficult to place what: it was the same room he had left that morning, a desk and several chairs, a border of over-full bookcases, a sentimentally outdated throw rug, and a scattering of papers and pens from a last minute draft. England paused just inside the threshold and took careful stock of the evening-dimmed space. 
His eyes fell on an uncommon book tucked between two common ones, off-center, as if ready to topple the stack. The last time he had opened that book had been to raise a once-nation from an arguably earned death. It was a book that belonged buried in the depths, and the uncomfortable fact was, it had been. To the best of his knowledge, the book was weighed down in an enspelled chest at the bottom of an ocean cavern that the Atlantic only gave him out of love, a singular denial of water’s sway over magic, and its best protection.
England sighed, removed his jacket, and threw it over one of the chairs.
Loki caught it and set it on the other.
“I’d appreciate you returning my books more if I’d known you’d borrowed them,” England noted as he took his seat behind the desk.
“And I’d appreciate borrowing your books if they were worth that effort.” Loki folded his hands in front of him and smiled neatly. “We must bear our disappointment.”
“If you told me what you were looking for, then perhaps I could be of help.” It cost England something to say, but whatever shape his words took with others, they took an honest one with himself. He found Loki to be relatable, and that was a rarity. Loki was not the only creature to wage regrettable wars, and England knew lost things well enough to know when one could still turn its head.
Loki laughed, short, indulgent, and it would have made Earth’s own winter prince sound balanced. The green of his eyes mirrored England’s own. “You are not so old as to teach me, scion of Midgard.”
“Perhaps not,” England affirmed. He reached for a pen instead of a curse. “But I could hold my ground as a peer.”
“All you are is ground.” The timbre of Loki’s expression let savagery slither through at the suggestion of equality, only to be tucked away again. “A fragile world’s silhouette, born of soil and a bit of blood.”
England answered with his own smile. Centuries-old, dead sailors shifted uncomfortably in their graves. “And of what, precisely, are you born, Liesmith?”
A terrible moment passed in which England believed he had overstepped. He could remember, quite clearly, how very talented Loki was with a knife, how it was to be pinned against an ash tree and watch Loki’s hand disappear into his abdomen only for the point of the knife to reappear, tenting the skin below his sternum before piercing it, slow, measured, and all the while, Loki smiling as England coughed blood against the pale column of the god’s throat--- all for talk of brothers.
Loki watched him, canted his head. “That fear you believe you’ve hidden is well deserved.” There was a respite of stillness.
Then England took a breath.
Loki displaced distance.
England tensed at the hand at his jugular.
Loki wrenched the nation’s head upwards, smiled at the audible clack of teeth, and stared down into eyes that bespoke growth, ash, rebirth.
“For all that your magic affords you, I will heal from wounds that you never will.” Physical and otherwise. England stated it calmly, unfalteringly, meeting the stare and taking an equal measure. 
Loki’s hand clenched tight, and England’s voice cut off. “I did not come here to experiment with your body’s ability to overcome death.” He lifted his unoccupied hand with a knife spun into existence and brushed England’s hair from his face with the blade. “Although, I will confess an academic interest.”
England glanced pointedly to the returned book and then back to Loki’s eyes, a question. His mind catalogued the ways he could relieve himself of his current predicament and found a sufficient number to justify staying as he was. It was high time he knew what force Loki meant to harness.
“I am certain that in your years among them,” Loki began, with a dearth of emotion that suggested an emotion to hide, “You have met a human whom you wished to be less mortal.”
England’s smile was slow and knowing.
Loki snapped his neck for it.
---
As England shuddered into his resurrection, he discovered himself lying on the couch in his downstairs living room. The first thing he noticed besides the criminal headache was that his shirt appeared to be sticking uncomfortably to his skin. Eyes clenched shut against the throb of residual pain, England slid a hand down his chest to loosen whatever had caused it.
Bewildered, his eyes snapped open to find his hand bloody. A brief survey revealed his shirt to be tattered and alternatively caked or wet with red-brown.
“Twenty-seven minutes, thirteen seconds,” Loki offered, the picture of pleasant cooperation, relaxed in an arm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Immortality
Magical Artifacts
Fae & Fairies
Slow Build
Harm to Animals
Crossover
Friendship
Action
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

