Work Text:
Steve moves to Brooklyn despite the protests. SHIELD wants to keep him close, in headquarters for preference, and everyone from Fury on down argues against it. But Steve is adamant, and in the end he bargains them down to letting an agent come apartment-hunting with him.He settles on a fourth-floor walk-up in Williamsburg. It gets fantastic light and there's a massive claw-foot tub in the bathroom, which is all Steve really needs to know, but the agent has a lot of questions for the realtor. Questions about the structural integrity of the building and whether the landlords have any ties to foreign nationals, most of which the realtor doesn't have an answer for.When she asks about the other tenants in the building, the realtor just throws up his hands and says, "Look, I don't know. They're artsy types, if they live around here. You know. Hipsters."And that seems to make sense to her, because she nods, satisfied, even though Steve’s pretty sure that he’s missed something. But he’s been feeling like that pretty much all of the time since he woke up, and doubly so around Tony, so he lets it pass. Later, though, when he’s at lunch at the SHIELD commissary with Jane Foster and her assistant, who seem to have taken him under their collective wing in Thor’s absence, it comes up again.He tells them about the new apartment, and when he mentions the location Darcy pulls a face and says, “Ugh, hipsters. I hope you don’t mind them, Steve, because they’re going to be everywhere.”Steve frowns. “I don’t think that’ll bother me. But I’m not sure that word means the same thing it did in my day, because when I hear ‘hipster’ I think of someone who spends all their time at jazz clubs, and probably smokes marijuana.”“Wait, people smoked pot back then?” Darcy asks, incredulous, but Jane shushes her.“It doesn’t mean quite the same thing now,” she tells Steve, “although, actually, it hasn’t changed as much as I would have thought.”It means, as Steve understands it, young people who care a lot about seeming ‘cool;’ people who are discriminating about art and music to the point of snobbery; people who affect a lower class than they were born to. Darcy also tries to explain something about irony that Steve doesn’t really follow. None of it really seems to match up with the people Steve has seen on the street in his new neighborhood, who don’t seem any stranger or more bohemian than anyone else he’s met since he woke up.Steve moves into his new apartment with a week’s worth of clothes, a meal’s worth of dishes, and a king-sized mattress. SHIELD had offered to outfit the apartment for him, but he’d turned them down, wanting to pick out everything himself. He’s particular about his living space, or he would have been if he ever could have afforded to be, and now he’s finally got the opportunity.Luckily, there’s a flea market in a parking lot around the corner from Steve’s apartment on Saturdays, and he heads over bright and early, the first weekend after he moves in. It’s a nice day, families and young couples walking between the rows of bright tents, good smells wafting out from a cart selling crepes. Steve doesn’t even make it past three booths before he’s buying something.The vendor’s got half-a-dozen record players set out, and Steve picks the oldest one that’s still in good condition. Then he turns to the bins of records, starts flipping through them for familiar names.“So you’re a jazz fan, huh?” the guy running the booth asks him. He’s wearking a pork-pie hat and basketball shoes, which would have been a faux pas in Steve’s day but apparently is just fine in 2012. Steve nods at him, and keeps flipping. “Can I recommend you a few things?”So that’s how Steve ends up with a stack of records that cover the last seventy years of jazz, along with the record player. He has to make a stop at home to drop everything off, before he can go back to shopping.He only makes it another few booths before he hits the vintage clothing. At first he’s happy to find something else familiar, but it dawns on him that there’s hardly anything that even comes close to being his size.“Sorry,” says the girl who the booth belongs to, “but vintage clothes run kind of small, you know? Not a lot of people were your height in the ‘40s.” She looks him up and down appreciatively. Steve remembers towering over the crowds, right after he’d gotten the serum-- well, he still does that, just not as much. “Plus men tend to wear their clothes to death, and anything big would often get cut down to fit smaller people. So not a whole lot made it to today.” She rattles this off with the air of someone who’s said it a lot of times. Steve ends up drawn into a longer conversation; perhaps he’s lulled by the way she looks almost right, almost familiar, with her hair in victory rolls and her flowered cotton dress. But she’s got a rhinestone stud in the divot beneath her lower lip, and bright tattoos snake their way up her bare arms.Still, she’s a sweet girl, and enthusia
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Original Character(s)
Hipsters
Brooklyn
postmodernism is confusing
irony is hard

fandom: 
None
