Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Jane was nearly out of her mind, Darcy decided. She’d gotten a phone call minutes ago that had turned her into a raving lunatic. She was rushing around tidying up the lab, and muttering to herself under her breath. Darcy knew it was better to stay out of the way when that happened, but after five frenetic minutes, she had to ask.
“Jane, what’s going on?”
The astrophysicist froze, and then blinked. “Thor. It’s Thor! He’s back, somehow. And he’s coming to visit!”
If Darcy found a mirror and tried to make herself a little more presentable, she figured no one would really blame her.
Jane evidently wasn’t expecting Thor to arrive with friends. Quite a few friends. They kind of burst into the lab, bringing a little chaos with them. And holy shit!!! That was Tony Freaking Stark! How did Thor know Tony Stark?
Jane frowned at the explanation Thor offered for why he was back. Some kind of confused rambling about his brother and dark matter. She’d probably question him later. Darcy didn’t even care. She was too busy oogling the eye candy Thor had brought with him. 
Tony Stark was handsome, but way too impressed with himself. There was another cut blond guy who looked a little too apple pie to fit in, but he was certainly drool worthy.  The lips! The eyelashes! The backside! The woman, a redhead, was lethal and beautiful. The man she stood with had amazing arms, and a compact, stocky build. 
The last man seemed completely out of place. His hair was a disheveled mess, and his clothes were rumpled and poorly fitted. He wore eyeglasses, but still blinked at everything as if it were blurry. But he seemed at home in the lab, wandering around inspecting equipment. Stark, surprisingly enough, walked with him, and offered commentary. Darcy didn’t get it. Stark seemed to be the type who would belittle someone like the mop-headed man.
Thor didn’t really explain who the visitors were to him. Just that they were his ‘friends’.
It seemed as if Darcy and Jane had missed a very important piece of world news in their relocation to their new remote job. Because when Thor mentioned the battle in New York, both women blinked at him.
“What battle?” Darcy asked. 
She flinched when all eyes turned to look at her. “What? We just relocated to the middle of nowhere! I don’t get internet service out here, so we have no idea what’s going on!”
Tony Stark snorted and waved a dismissive hand. “Oh you know. Alien invasion end of the world type thing. S’okay. We handled it.”
Darcy squealed. “We? Like Iron Man and Thor?”
“Nah…all of us,” Stark corrected, waving a hand out to all the visitors. 
Darcy didn’t know anything about the rest of them. “Um...okay. Are you all superheroes too?”
The redheaded woman sighed in exasperation. “Please ignore anything Mr. Stark says. He has this unfortunate problem of not being able to keep his mouth closed when he should.”
Stark waved dismissively again. “I told you what I thought of all this secretive bullshit. We wouldn’t be here if these two didn’t have clearance. I mean, that was just because of Thor, but still...” He looked around. “I don’t know what you thought you heard, Legolas, but it seems like all is well here.”
The guy with the arms (Darcy already was thinking of him as Arms) frowned at Stark. “I know what I heard. Selvig got a text from Foster, telling him where she was relocated. Loki was all over that. He wanted to ‘collect’ her. He sent a squad of five mercenaries after her.”
Jane finally pulled her face away from where it had been glued to Thor’s. “What?”
Stark shook his head. “How do you survive? The whole alien invasion thing? It was spearheaded by Thor’s brother. He mind control zapped your pal Selvig into building the portal necessary to bring the aliens through to Earth. And you texted your new location to him? Geez.”
Darcy’s eyes widened. “So that was the reason for the sudden relocation? S.H.I.E.L.D didn’t say, just that they strongly recommended we go.”
“And no one has been here?” the redhead queried. 
Darcy shook her head. “No. Just us…and us. And all this empty space.”
Arms shook his head. “Would the control have faded when Loki was shut down?” he asked.
Thor shrugged. “I am not certain. I am not a sorcerer and I do not claim to understand all that my brother can do.”
Arms didn’t like that answer. “I don’t like it. C’mon Tasha. Let’s make sure the perimeter is secured.”
Arms and the redhead left. Jane and Thor went back to canoodling, which was slightly sickening. 
Darcy was making a beeline for Apple Pie, because she totally wanted to pinch his cheeks. And not the ones he smiled with. She’d gotten a good glimpse of the perfect peach halves that rested at the base of his back, and she couldn’t resist. 
Before she made it three steps, Arms and the redhead tumbled back through the outside door, shouting about suiting up. What the hell?
But Apple Pie was pulling a shield (seriously, what the hell?) out of the duffel bag he’d been carrying. Arms went one better and pu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Hulk/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
gratuitous tasing; smitten Hulk

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Hulk/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

