Work Text:
The trap had worked beautifully.  The Captain stormed the building, prepared to save his friends, only to find it empty.  Barren of any life at all.  Unfortunately for the supersoldier, his retreat was not been hasty enough and he found himself hit by a strange gas.  Something he’d never dealt with before.  Something that the Red Skull knew would forever change the war in his favor.  He watched as the blond succumbed to the fumes, watched as that large frame crumpled to the ground in an unconscious heap.
He snapped his fingers, watched as his underlings scurried in to retrieve the Captain, to drag him to another part of the facility.  He followed, content to watch as they strapped the man into a glorious invention.  Made completely of adamantium.  They secured Rogers on his back, arms pulled beneath the table.  His legs, they pushed until knees met either side of his chest, spread wide and locked at ankle and knee with more adamantium restraints.  A gag fitted into his mouth, spiderlike legs of adamantium curled into his cheeks as the ring was fitted to make certain his mouth couldn’t close.  Another strip of the dense metal held his head steady.
The next task would be Skull’s alone, though he could easily have ordered someone else to do it.  The knife in his hand first moved to the Captain’s chest, where he cut small ovals from the uniform the man wore to reveal small pink nipples.  The urge to mound his pecs together like the breasts of a woman was strong enough that Skull allowed himself to momentarily give in and do just that.  He pinched and pulled at the nipples for a moment, watching how easily they responded.  And then moved on, wishing to be done before the Captain woke.
He moved himself between those pressed and spread legs, knife working at the material until he’d cut away what covered the man’s balls and shaft.  He palmed the cock, thick and stiff, and grinned as precome began to ooze from the tip.  The balls were large, heavy, and he enjoyed giving them slaps back and forth until they reddened.  Finally, he slipped the knife down, cut away the material that covered the Captain’s ass.  And what a glorious ass it was.  Round and firm, spread perfectly because of the angle of his legs to reveal that pinched pucker.  The knife tossed aside, he manhandled those cheeks, squeezed them together then let the fall open once again.  He reached up to gather the precome that had beaded on the head of the Captain’s cock, then began to massage it onto his hole.  Never pressing in, just enjoying the way it twitched at his touch.
The gathering of the blond’s juices, the slicking of his pucker, continued until Skull heard a grunt, followed by as much struggling as man could manage.  “There is no point in fighting, Captain,” he laughed, loud and long, “You are well and truly secured.  You musn’t pretend you do not want this.  You see, that gas you were hit with?  It not only momentarily rendered you unconscious.  It also filled your body with a need that will never be sated, meine liebling Captain.  For now, I must keep you bound and gagged, but soon you will understand your new purpose.  Soon, you will beg for fat cock.  Soon you will beg for the release that only I can give you.”
Methodically, he began to stroke the Captain’s cock.  Slowly, from root to tip, finishing each stroke with a firm squeeze of the head.  The man could do little but accept the stroking as he was held too firmly to do much else.  Skull watched as his flesh pinked, his breathing sped, and cupped his heavy balls once more.  He continued until he felt the Captain’s balls tense, then pulled both hands away completely, denied the man release, and relished his whimper when he did.  “Nein, meine hure,” the Skull chided, “You will not come until I allow it.”
He gave the man’s hole a few strokes, pressed the tip of his finger in, before he pulled back and moved to the head of the table.  With the push of a button, he lowered it slightly.  He shifted forward until his crotch pressed to the Captain’s face.  Slowly, he ground himself against that face as his hands reached forward to once again mound those pecs.  Eventually, he would call them tits, but that would be a slow process.  He continued to dry hump the blond’s face as his fingers found the exposed nipples.  They pinched, pulled, scraped roughly.  Until the little nubs of flesh stood taught and bright red from the abuse.  His eyes traveled to the man’s cock, which was nearly purple in its hardness, and visibly throbbed with need.
Finally, he stepped back, pulled his own cock free of his trousers, and began to rub it over the Captain’s face.  He watched the man’s anguished expression become moreso as he battled his desire for that piece of flesh.  There was hatred in his eyes even as his body begged for it.  And then the Skull positioned himself, teased the head of his cock through the opening of the gag and across the man’s tongue.  He laughed, throaty and darkly, as the Captain co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Johann Schmidt

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Aphrodisiacs
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Come Swallowing
non-consensual anal sex
rough anal sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Sexual Torture
Exposure
Nipple Torture
Nipple Play
Cock & Ball Torture
Sounding
Dildos
Fucking Machines
Coming Untouched
Forced Orgasm
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
HYDRA Trash Party

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Johann Schmidt

