Work Text:
Bruce resolved to believe Tony the next time he claimed to be holding off on something. Because the minute their lips came together Tony went from holding off on touching him to very much touching him with a hot, hard kiss that took over Bruce's mouth and made itself at home in much the same way Tony had been doing to Bruce's life these days.And maybe that didn’t actually make sense or form some kind of poetry, but Bruce was a scientist so his mind came up with the best comparisons it could while Tony fucking Stark gripped him by the shoulders and kissed him like he was another billion dollars to earn. Another business to take over. Another industry to command and dominate and— "Okay, break time," Bruce said, pulling back while he was still able to do so. Not far. Bruce's willpower wasn't that good. But enough that Bruce could try to catch his breath and bring his temperature down."You have got to be kidding me." Tony tilted his head to look Bruce in the eyes. "Don't say you weren't enjoying that. Don't say this is an issue about letting yourself enjoy that. Because so help me, Banner—""I was." Bruce held up a hand to show Tony there was no need to protest further. "I am. That's-um-that would be the problem."Tony's eyebrows quirked up. "Or the point, some would say. Unless-this isn't about the Other Guy, is it? Rage monster, right?""Right." Bruce decided that now was not the time to get into how he'd figured out that it wasn't a matter of his heart rate that brought the Hulk into play. "Not directly, anyway. But it's been what you might call a long while for me.""I am more than happy to reset that counter back to zero for you." Tony moved his hands down to rest his palms on Bruce's chest. His thumbs traced tiny circles on Bruce's shirt. "Frequently, in fact.""I'd like to let you," Bruce said. He knew he was past the point of being able to deny that he wanted Tony as much as he did. "But not like this. Not in a lab and not when it's going to be over way too fast."Tony frowned. "I wasn't—ohhh. That kind of been a while for you. Huh. Really? Because if that's the issue I could get you off right now and then we can take advantage of that useful refractory period for all kinds of fun.""I'm sure you could," Bruce said. He resolved not to think about all the ways Tony might make him come in a matter of minutes. The thought of losing that much control that fast was too scary to contemplate. "But not now. If we're doing this then I need you to agree that I get to come my way. Which means not around incredibly breakable things and not quickly.""I notice you're not putting similar restrictions on how I come in this scenario," Tony pointed out."I figured you're probably not as picky as I am," Bruce replied. He realized how that sounded and gave Tony an apologetic look. "That is, as I have to be.""I was going to say it was more a matter of you being generous, but yours is right too." Tony brushed the back of his hand over Bruce's shirt, like he'd suddenly noticed lint on it. "Okay.""Generosity is the trait I'm most famous for, yeah," Bruce said. The rest of Tony's reply caught up to him. "Okay?""Okay." Tony's lips curved into a smirk in response to Bruce's joke. Bruce liked that. He liked that he could make jokes that Tony appreciated, and liked that Tony didn't freak out when said jokes involved dark humor about the Other Guy's effect on what had been Bruce's life. "I told you, my only goal here is for sex to be happening and for that sex to involve both you and me. You need slow and not in a lab, done deal. C'mon.""I may need a little more than that," Bruce said. He wanted to be sure Tony understood that this wasn't going to be simple. For that matter, he felt a need to remind himself."Then let's continue the discussion somewhere not in a lab." Tony picked up his shirt and tank top from where he had discarded them. He flung them casually over one shoulder and headed for the door. "You can consider it a good faith effort on my part regarding keeping any promises that I'm about to make you. Plus this way we end up closer to a bed."It was night, which thankfully meant not many of the people who worked in the lab were around to see Bruce walking behind a shirtless Tony Stark on the way to Tony's private elevator. Bruce preferred being unnoticed at the best of times. He especially preferred it when it had to be obvious that he and Tony were on their way to do something which had nothing to do with scientific research.Or maybe Bruce was just incredibly self-conscious about what was about to happen. It wasn't as though he'd been having large amounts of sex even before the Other Guy came into the picture. Of course when he met Betty that had—no, squash that. This was not the time to be thinking about Betty. Or much of anything else, for that matter. He envied Tony's ability to take damn near everything, especially sex, in stride.At least using Tony's private elevator meant they didn't have to wait for it to show up.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Sexual Content
sciencebros

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

