Work Text:
Matt throws a punch and Foggy falls in love. Foggy knew he had a crush on his roommate. Matt is actually the first guy Foggy’s ever had a crush on—before meeting him, Foggy was pretty damn sure he was straight as a ruler. Apparently he’s more like measuring tape: flexible and given to getting tied into knots over silly things. His knots are mostly about how absolutely beautiful Matt looks when he rolls out of bed in the morning, hair a mess and pillow creases on his stupid face. Foggy had thought Matt couldn’t get any lovelier than when he’s smiling sleepily and yawning his way through breakfast, but Foggy had never seen Matt box before either. Actually, Foggy hadn’t even known Matt could box, not like this. Matt had mentioned it vaguely once or twice, that his father was Battling Jack Murdock and that he had taught Matt a little when Matt was just a kid. He’d made it sound like something nostalgic but distant, maybe learning a punch or two but not really keeping in practice. Foggy had felt the same about his childhood judo classes. And yeah, Matt’s fit, but Foggy had just assumed he lifted a weight or two in his spare time, took a jog on the treadmill every once in a while, simple stuff. Not this. Matt’s out of breath and covered in a thin glow of sweat, a picture which Foggy has only seen before in his guilty late-night fantasies. It looks, impossibly, even better than he imagined. Matt’s stripped down to a tank top too, very tight—way too tight and very white, so it’s practically see-through at this point. And he’s built, Foggy knew that, but…abs. Wow. It probably should have been a hint about the not-just-straight thing, his appreciation of really nice abs, but girls can have amazing abs too, right? It’s not definitive. The dick thing is a little harder to explain, but then again the dick thing is pretty much just Matt. Foggy keeps his eyes above the belt with every other guy, no problem. Matt though? Foggy has dreams about taking Matt’s belt off with his teeth. It’s not just Matt’s body that’s amazing—it’s the way he’s using it. His movements are smooth, one punch after another, sandbag swinging like a metronome, one-two, one-two, one-two. Foggy’s no expert, but even he can see that Matt’s connecting with an impressive amount of force. The working of his muscles is clearer with the thin shirt, and every movement is graceful, like a dance. So yeah, Matt’s body is pretty fantastic, and apparently so are his skills. That’s still not the part that makes Foggy fall in love. No, what he falls in love with is Matt’s smile. Well, that’s not a surprise. Foggy’s been infatuated with Matt’s smile since the moment they met. It’s always so bright, and Matt always means it when he smiles at Foggy. The smiles were simple for a good time after they met, but now there’s a deep fondness to them that makes Foggy’s chest tight. Matt’s smiles are sometimes warm, sometimes roguish, sometimes wry—a million different things. Foggy is only a little ashamed to say that he’s made a chart in his head about his favorites. He’s never seen this smile before. Matt’s smiles always have a certain level of calmness to them, a gentle curve and soft corners. This smile, though, it’s… it’s… It’s savage. Matt’s grin is wide and showing a few too many teeth. It’s a bit too sharp, and there’s a fierce joy that sharpens it even more every time he lands a punch. His eyes are dark, Foggy can see it from here—adrenaline, sure, but Foggy thinks there’s more. There’s a certain ecstasy in them, and maybe it’s just from an exercise high but Foggy doubts it. Not with a smile like that. It’s a predator’s smile, a wolf’s grin right before it swallows a rabbit. Foggy loves that smile the second he sees it, because he’s never seen Matt look so happy. “So, are you imagining someone when you hit that thing? Because if you are, I think I should probably warn them to flee the country.” To Foggy’s surprise, Matt jumps about a foot into the air, like some guilty cat caught stalking a canary right out of an old cartoon. It’s odd, because Matt always knows when Foggy’s coming. Foggy’s not sure if he’s noisy or if Matt can just hear better than most people, but he can always tell when Foggy’s nearby. This time though, he looks startled. Too busy to notice, focused in a way Foggy’s never seen before. The savage smile slips and softens to something mild and kind, and Foggy knows that it’s not fake, exactly, but the softness doesn’t seem quite right with the dark eyes and the wild hair. “No one.” Matt assures him quickly, then cocks his head, considering. “I thought you were in class for another hour.” There’s something about the way he says it that makes Foggy think Matt was actually counting on this fact. He wonders if Matt plans his training around Foggy’s schedule. If Matt does plan, does he do it so they can spend more time together or does he do it because he doesn’t want Foggy to know about this? Why would Matt not want Foggy to know about this? “Yea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Boxing
Sparring
Dating The Daredevil
Foggy Can Fight

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

