Work Text:
 Thor’s return to Asgard was, as always, noticed and murmured over. A feast was declared as soon as it became clear that his arrival this time came with the last rare materials needed to rebuild the rainbow bridge, and the public was sufficiently diverted. There were occasional mutterings about the untrustworthy individual who had facilitated the collection of so much matter and resources, but not enough for many people to wonder where exactly the god of lies and mischief might be, and why he had not arrived with his brother. As the feast began, however, Loki appeared, looking very self-satisfied, to the point past prank-victims of his (which included a large number of people) instinctively felt a bit nervous at the mere sight of him. At first, that was all people noticed, until it became clear that Loki was neither at his brother’s side, nor alone, but clearly attending the feast in another man’s company. The man was not very tall, and was dressed in leathers of darkest red with accents of brassy-gold. He wore one red gauntlet with a pale palm, which seemed to be made entirely of metal, and there was an intermittent, flickering glow visible under the fabric of his tunic, right over his heart. He was dark-haired, shrewd, and had a smile almost as disconcerting as the god of mischief’s, with a little more charisma and self-confidence behind it. Loki stood close to him, often just slightly behind him, watching the festivities from over the smaller man’s shoulder. They spoke quietly to each other, and laughed often, with surprisingly little malice. “How exactly do you plan on introducing me then?” Tony murmured, as people began eyeing them more and more curiously. It was only a matter of time before word reached a member of Loki’s adoptive kin. “You are Anthony Stark of Midgard,” Loki said simply. “Friend of yours? Companion? Fuck-buddy?” The god of mischief snorted lightly. “I was going to leave our connection unstated, but if you prefer, I can introduce you as my lover.” “Or I could ask you to marry me and we could say betrothed, if you’d like.” Loki coughed around a sip of mead, very nearly choking. “Pardon?” he inquired, his voice not quite so even as it had been. Tony flashed him a smirk. “I won’t share either where you’re concerned, and I think you made it clear that you plan to stick around for a while, yeah?” He glanced pointedly at a passing tray of golden apples being carried to the banquet table. The god of mischief was still staring at him a bit wide-eyed. “A bit not good?” Loki shook his head. “Not at all. No, it––it’s just requiring a great deal of effort for me to not ravish you in the middle of a crowded banquet hall,” Loki managed, his voice still a bit tight. “I may require a moment or so to recover.” As he said it, he reached out and took Tony’s gauntlet-free hand in his own, fingers entwining and squeezing tightly. Tony squeezed back, grinning wickedly. “I love it when you’re flustered.” The god of mischief then proceeded to lean in and hiss a few promises in his ear: very detailed, and very hungry-sounding. Tony made a small noise. “Not. Fair.” Loki chuckled, and pulled back, one hand sliding possessive over the back of the engineer’s neck as his eyes again scanned the room. He knew his smile was too bright, too sincere and very nearly giddy, but couldn’t bring himself to care. “Neither was springing such a question on me here, at a time like this.” “Is that a no?” “I’m averse to weddings, but perhaps we can have a very long engagement until you manage to change my mind on that front. I can offer you that,” Loki murmured, quietly enough for only Tony to hear. “You might also want to meet my daughter before fully extending that offer.” Tony stiffened. “Uh. You really have kids?” “Well, singular: the mythology you might have reviewed on earth was rather confused on some counts, there. Hel is my only child. In retrospect, had we known sooner rather than later about my true parentage, a number of things might have been made easier for her,” he murmured, his expression growing rather darker, though his eyes grew less distant when the engineer’s hand squeezed his just a little tighter once more. “I’d like to meet her sometime, then, yeah. Regardless, though, my offer stands.” Loki chuckled despite himself. He only reluctantly released Tony’s hand when he heard someone behind him calling his name. He turned to face them with a reserved, but pleasant expression, but the wicked mirth behind it chilled a little once recognition hit. “Good evening, Sif,” he said curtly. She nodded to him, and spared a curious glance for the god of mischief’s companion, who grinned at her a bit wolfishly just for fun. Looking back to Loki, she cleared her throat and said, “Your father and mother wish to speak with you, and to be introduced to your... companion.” The god of mischief turned his head expectantly and met Tony’s gaze, then promptly wiggled his eyebrows in a suggestive fashion. “The name’s Tony. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
you people shouldn't encourage me

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

