Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The twenty-first century was a very confusing place.  Steve wasn't always good at the 1940s, at least not before Doctor Erskine showed up and made him a big man in a world that respected muscle more than heart.  But he was better at then than he is at now, and that's a fact."Captain Rogers," Natasha said, catching up to him.  There's one thing he's still no good at: talking to dames.  No matter how many times she told him to call her "Natasha", it was tough to not think of her as "Miss Romanov".  It honestly wasn't much easier calling the others "Tony" and "Clint".  At least Director Fury and Banner didn't demand they be on first name basis.Steve knew he was old-fashioned - he was a little old-fashioned even in his own time, but everything about the twenty-first century seemed off and strange and much too quick and casual.  Natasha was still standing there expectently.  He shook himself out of his reverie.  "Call me Steve.  I mean, you won't let me call you by your last name.""I wasn't sure you'd answer to it, lost in thought like that," she said.  "How are you adjusting?"He shrugged.  "At least war's the same.""I'm sure there are a few other things that haven't changed."  She smiled up at him.  "Cell phones," he said.  "Computers.  Cars with the internet in them.  Supermarkets.  Men and women both wearing pants so tight you can hardly breathe looking at them.  3-D movies.  Color televisions.  And that's just the stuff, that's not even the people.""People are always the same," Natasha said.  "The things they do aren't," Steve told her."Please," she said, her mouth curved up in amusement.  "The more they change, the more they stay the same.""I was asleep for a long time," he reminded her.  "Everybody was so certain about everything before.  People had jobs to do and they did them all their lives.  Now there's women's liberation.  Men marrying men and women marrying women. A black President.  Not that that's bad - it's all good in my book, so long as people are happy.  It's just different.  It's all different."  He thought about it for a moment.  "Last time I looked, we were fighting to keep everybody from speaking German.  Now half the country speaks Spanish and I was asleep the whole time.  It's different.  I like it.  But it's not home.  I feel like I'm not from this America.  But I guess you're not either.""Not exactly," she said."You know, once upon a time you and I might have been enemies," he said."More recently than you'd think," she teased him.  He got the feeling it wasn't much of a joke.  "But we're allies now, aren't we?""I sure hope so," he told her."Have you had the grand tour yet?" she asked."Of the city?" he asked.  She nodded.  "I don't think there's been time.  It's, uh, a big city.  Even bigger than it used to be.""You should see some of it," she told him."The parts we didn't destroy last week," he muttered.  She shrugged.  "They'll rebuild it.  It's job creation.  We're helping the economy.""You're a quick one, aren't you?" he asked.She smiled at him again.  "Got to be.  Otherwise I wouldn't be around anymore."She reminded him of Peggy, a little.  She had that same kind of spunk.  He doubted she'd hesitate to punch anyone who gave her any trouble square in the jaw.  Come to think of it, he doubted she'd hesitated any of the times she'd socked anyone in the jaw.  She was right: theirs was a profession where only the swift survived.  He missed Peggy.  He ached at night, thinking about her.  Thinking about Bucky too, but that was a slightly different ache.  He and Bucky had a little less unfinished business, for one.  He'd been too afraid to ask if Peggy had passed on.  He wanted badly to know, of course, but he wanted even worse not to know, just in case.  He was sure someone at S.H.I.E.L.D. would have been able to find out, but he couldn't let go of that last hope, that someone he had loved was still around in the world.  She was the last part of his old life that he clung to, and if things had been different, if she had been the near-immortal supersoldier, he wasn't sure he would have wanted her to see him so much older, so much different.  If she was still alive, he wasn't sure she'd want to see him for all kinds of reasons, least of all that he never made their date."What's wrong?" Natasha asked."Nothing," he reassured her.  "Memories.  Probably water under the bridge by now.  Probably the bridge fell down and they've built a new one."She put her hand on his arm.  She was gentle about it, but it reminded him how deadly she was with her body.  "I know I don't really understand, but I understand a little."  He recognized the look in her eyes: someone who'd loved and lost and woken up in a life she hadn't looked for.  He saw that look in the mirror every morning."I'm sure you do," he said.  "Come on," she said.  "I'll show you around the last seventy years.""Thank you," he said.  "I know you have better things to do with your time.""Than reintroduce Captain Americ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dancing
Kissing
Making Out
First Time
Mutual Masturbation
Safer Sex
Naked All Day
Intercrural Sex
Bath Sex
Bubble Bath
Food
Wall Sex
Car Sex
Reunion Sex

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

