Work Text:
Of course it happens during a board meeting, Tony thinks resignedly while fighting the urge to push a finger under the collar of his shirt and tug; the conference room suddenly unnaturally warm despite the state-of-the-art StarkTech air conditioning. Of course now, during a board meeting he can't just walk out of, not without sending the wrong kind of signal to the wrong kind of people who are already circling like vultures, waiting for him to stumble and fall.
They think he's an easy target because of what he is, and Tony doesn't even think about giving them the satisfaction of giving in to his nature and what people subtly try to tell him is his rightful place.
This is his company, his heart blood runs through it and the inventions he's made for it, the technologies he helped to develop, and he's going to fight for StarkIndustries until his last breath.
It still doesn't mean he enjoys sitting in a meeting while his body chemistry runs havoc and all he wants to do is to go home and wait for it to be over, his mind to take back control over his treacherous body and everything to be okay again.
Some of the Alphas on the board start shifting nervously in their seats now, despite the cologne that's supposed to mask the pheromones that are rolling off of him in waves. They probably don’t know yet what is making them so nervous, so excited, but that won’t be the case for long.
Tony swallows dryly. Sweat is starting to form along his hairline, and his clothes chafe irritatingly against his skin.
He knew this was coming, but he had clung to the irrational thought that the heat wouldn't start until he was home again, safe and sound and hidden away from public eyes. He's thought that for once, his body, his biology, would be on his side.
Pepper gives him a sharp look. She knows him too well, and she probably realized even before he did what was happening. Of course she knows what’s going on with him. She always does.
Tony is glad to have her in his corner, not many Alphas are willing to work as a PA for an Omega-submissive and simply take his orders.
Not that Pepper takes orders from him anymore, especially since he gave in to the ever-present outside pressure and made her CEO of his company. But Pepper is on his side and usually backs his decisions, and having her with him gives those decisions the power that Tony alone can't.
He still makes it clear that he's not taking orders from her, as often and as abundantly as he can.
When the meeting wraps up and everybody is happy and satisfied with the results, Tony's shirt is sweat-soaked and it's starting to get more complicated to keep his mind focused on the mundane day-to-day tasks. Pepper keeps on shooting him worried looks, her nostrils flaring slightly as if she's keeping tabs on him and his pheromones with her sense of smell alone.
She probably is. She probably memorized his cycle or had Jarvis do it, but to his relief, she doesn't say anything, just collects her stuff and sweeps out of the room after him, her stride long and full of purpose. Tony copies it as much as he can and ignores how his body wants to slink and writhe submissively.
The door to his office closes with a quiet click, and Tony slumps behind his desk. Here, in the privacy of this office, he can finally give in to the urge and loosen his tie without anyone thinking it as a sign of weakness.
"Tony," Pepper says, her voice gentle. "You need to go home." She's right, of course, and she puts enough authority in her voice to make Tony want to obey and enough gentleness to avoid triggering his stubbornness. It’s a tactic she’s practiced and perfected over the years of working with him, and it works like a charm.
He wants to go home.
He opens his mouth to tell her as much, to ask her to call Happy for him, but before he can say a single word, the small comm in his pocket chirps and his entire body jerks upright.
An emergency. The Avengers need Iron Man, and the villain they're facing doesn't like to wait for Tony's heat to be over.
He has to go.
 
 
Tony has, long ago, decided that while Tony Stark is an Omega, Iron Man isn’t. Iron Man is an Alpha and a Dominant, he doesn't take shit from anyone, and he sure as hell won't go down to his knees for anyone. In order to make sure his own nature won't get in the way of his resolve, he built in extensive systems that filter everything he can hear through the helmet and takes out the pesky frequencies that make him weak in the knees, and filter the air he breathes against the pheromones that have the same effect. The rest, he deals with by being extremely stubborn and everything a good Omega shouldn't be. He guesses he has to thank his father for that, at least - Howard cared more about Tony’s intellect than about making sure he behaved like a proper Omega. 
In a way, it gave Tony more freedom than most other Omegas, but it also made his life more complicated than it could’ve been. Sometimes, he just doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do, how he’s s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
OT6 - Relationship
Thor/Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
OT6 - Relationship
Thor/Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

