Work Text:
Tony's open on the operating table when Steve finds him. There's blood running down his wrists from where he'd been struggling with the cuffs, there are nasty cuts on Tony's chest, and more importantly there is a hole in his chest, a metal-rimmed hole that Steve knows will haunt his dreams in nights to come.He doesn't pull his punch on the demented scientist standing over Tony's body. He wipes that indignant look on the madman's face off with a bone-shattering punch (he may have broken his nose) and turns to work on the cuffs."You might be just in time, Cap," Tony says, voice cracked. "No, stop, find the reactor. He put it on the table, see it? The glowy thing, supposed to be in my chest?"Steve follows directions and collects the reactor from the tray of tools (scalpels and razors and wrenches and stainless-steel things that should never be used on a human body) and there's no blood on it, but the back of it...He doesn't know if this is how it's supposed to look, with some wires hanging out, but he brings it back to Tony without stopping to inspect it."I'm going to tell you what to do with that," Tony says. "And you're going to do it in the next forty seconds before I go into cardiac arrest. Ready?""What - ""That needs to be in my chest," Tony nods down at the hole in his chest, "Right now. Ready?"Steve nods, biting back questions (he's seen the glow from Tony's shirt before, he knows that there's something electronic in his chest, but he'd never connected that it was somehow keeping him alive, and that makes the gaping hole in Tony's chest worse) and following directions as Tony talks him through connecting wires and screwing it in.The second the reactor is back in its place, Tony sags, eyes closing. He looks exhausted, pale and fragile in a way Steve's not used to seeing from the man."I'll get you home," Steve promises. "Safe and sound."---That's the funny thing about Captain America, Tony muses. He promises to get you home safe and sound, and okay, great, nice sentiment. Tony's first instinct is to laugh it off as the usual filler, because there's still an entire base's worth of angry HYDRA soldiers between them and safety.Sure, they'll get home. Tony doesn't doubt that for a moment (not now, not when his reactor is back where it belongs and he's not strapped down) but he's expecting at least one or two bullet holes before they get out.But that's the funny thing about Captain America. He makes the promise, means it, and then - despite HYDRA's best efforts and creepy robots - it's not long before Tony finds himself being ushered into the arms of some waiting medics and he's safe again. The only scratches he's got are the ones from before Cap found him. (Broken ribs, cuts and dings, burn where a bullet grazed him. Oh, and gratuitous amounts of blood loss. Nothing Tony hasn't dealt with before.)That the Captain got his injured ass out alive at all is a miracle, the kind of miracle Captain America pulls off on a regular basis.So there's the other funny thing: Tony should be grateful. Hell, he is. He'll arrange for all of Steve Rogers' future gym equipment purchases to be paid for in advance, so the goodie-two-shoes can't refuse his show of gratitude.But in person, oh no, that's an entirely different story.He chews out the medics, gets himself released against medical advice as soon as he can get a ride arranged, and when Steve shows up at the Tower to drag him back to the hospital, well...---"Nope," Tony says, and he puts the welding mask back down. His ribs have been taped, he's sore in a million places, but the bleeding has stopped and he can think straight, so he's good to go."What are you doing?" Steve asks, and Tony doesn't need to turn around to see that his arms are crossed and that he's got a stern 'I-do-not-approve' look on his face. He can hear the 'you're injured, why are you working, are you nuts?' in Steve's voice as it is, and yes, okay, he may be overly familiar with deciphering that tone, whether it comes from Rhodey or Pepper or Captain America."Remember how I was kidnapped?" Tony asks, not pausing from his welding. "I got an eyeful of HYDRA's new robots on our way out of that base, and I've got just the thing to keep them from bothering us in the future.""You can't work on this later?"Tony grins to himself, still intent on the welding. "Of course not, Capsicle. The design is fresh, strike while the iron's hot...hey!"Now he pushes the welding mask up with intent to grab for the blowtorch that Steve's stolen, but the moment he reaches out Steve grabs his wrist in an iron grip."You're injured," Steve says, turning off the flame and setting the torch down, still holding Tony's wrist. "You should be resting, not working.""I caught a nap before I checked myself out."This is an old, old argument. Burned his fingers? He can still play with daddy's toys, come on, please? Broken arm, no sweat. He can work on his car with one arm just fine. Cut in a dozen places? (fell through a window and h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
arc reactor trauma

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

