Chapter 1



Notes:
Hello, groovy beans! Here is the part two to my A/B/O series.... with Cap and Reader! Whoo! :DI really hope you enjoy this first chapter! Please excuse any spelling or grammatical errors, I often don't spot them until after I've posted a chapter (silly me!) ^.^On a side-note, I've thrown in a few variations/extras on the pseudo science of A/B/O dynamics, namely the concept of 'bond-connection' and the concept of 'homo-presentation'. I'll explain these further in the notes at the end. I didn't see any harm in adding these A/B/O verse concepts. Hopefully nobody will be annoyed with me :3Thank you for reading! :D

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
People, particularly the avidly fascinated general public, always underestimated the challenges of being bonded to Captain America; never mind a fellow Avenger. Your duties as national icons and heroes had to take priority and there were particular expectations of you. Not to mention, the pressure to convey the image of the 'perfect couple' was overbearing, to say the least. Being Steve's mate meant having to maintain a certain persona. He had to play the part of the unwaveringly just and immaculate 'golden boy' Captain America; and you had to not only uphold the strong, stalwart character of an Avenger, but also fake the rather sickening 'sugar, spice and all things nice' act in order to please the unforgiving masses.Press conferences were torturous examples of this; with reporters ready to pounce on and brutally dissect any tiny error, any minor slip-up. You and Steve had to be on impeccable form constantly , so suffice to say, it was a shit ton of work, even at the best of times.Despite all odds, being bonded to Steve was still one of the greatest things that had ever happened to you. You shared a connection that transcended intellectual and emotional compatibility; it melded your minds almost as one, meaning you shared feelings, thoughts, and, on occasion, memories. It brought a deep understanding of one another that could never be attained by simply dating. Although, even prior to becoming a bond pair, you and he were as two peas in a pod. Your fellow Avengers had remarked, with great amusement, that the two of you couldn't stop smiling and blushing in each other's presence. Wanda had even commented, during a private conversation, that on numerous occasions she'd seen Steve looking at you- whilst you were preoccupied- like you were a living, breathing miracle.It was also common knowledge amongst your team-mates that you both couldn't refrain from 'handling' each other. Natasha would refer to it, in that wry tone of voice, as 'a very healthy attraction'.Tony, on the other hand, was more blunt in his description- openly stating that you two would be-"...fucking like rabbits on cocaine if you were left alone in a room for five minutes..."Neither you nor Steve denied his claims. With this 'healthy attraction', you could at least make press conferences or public speeches less infuriating. A sultry glance at Steve when he happened to look at you, the tiniest inkling of a coy smirk on your lips, a particularly X-rated thought- shared with him across your bond connection- about his generously sized 'attribute' and what you'd sincerely enjoy him using it for, or even a very sordid fantasy involving him in his tactical gear... and the super-soldier would have to grit his teeth, plough on with his eloquent responses to questions and force a smile to capture the hearts of the nation; all while fighting a raging hard-on that could punch through steel."Thank God for lecterns," he would say to you afterward.As soon as you got back to your apartment, he would put that frustration to very good use. Somehow, having to be the virtuous, patriotic 'darling' gave his inner, red-blooded Alpha an even greater sexual appetite.Naturally, you had no complaints... The only real issue within your relationship was one born of Steve's reluctance and past experience. Sure, you both had a couple of unappealing traits that frustrated one another. There would occasionally be disagreements, small arguments-but you could see past those. His stubbornness and propensity for self-punishment could, at times, be trying...but you still held a curious affection for those qualities. Everyone has flaws, you knew, they were what made a person just as much as their positive traits.The one problem you had with Steve, however, could never grow to become lovable. It was deeply frustrating.Having lived life as an Alpha in the forties- a time of questionable social views and prejudices- he witnessed vindictive treatment of Omegas; ranging from scathing comments to full-blown sexual harassment. Stubborn punk he was (and remained as such) he vowed never to behave in such a hostile, brutish way towards Omegas. While you valued his respectful attitude for members of your presentation, it did cause a significant hurdle in your relationship.Steve f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Established Relationship
Reader-Insert
Sexual Content
Reader is a saucy minx
Protective Steve
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Reader
Bucky will sorely regret calling at the wrong time
Pizza
Reader just wants her dang pizza
Steve may be a sweet gentleman but he can be pretty darn frisky...
Teasing
Captain America is ticklish
Concerns over consent
Tension
Emotions
Sexual Harassment
There is fluff of course
Relationship Problems
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Angry Steve Rogers
He still freaking adores you
different POV
Apologies
Love
sharing memories

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

