Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Natasha hid her limp and wiped the blood from her temple, but nothing escaped Clint, and he saw every bruise in the way she held her body and the tiny lines at her mouth and eyes. When the rest of the group made their way to food, he caught her eye and inclined his head. She understood, following as he led her deeper into Stark tower. He wasn't familiar with it, but he assumed they would find a room with a lock sooner or later--a bed would be an acceptable bonus. Much to his pleasure, he found a bedroom with a bathroom attached. He pulled her inside and shut the door. 
"Clint." 
He shook his head a half inch, silencing her. She was too tired to do anything except let him strip her, unzipping and removing each piece until she stood in front of him in all her glory. Her beauty was deceptive, and even though he knew better than anybody, he was still so susceptible.
She fascinated him from the beginning, and he was never satisfied. He collected data like she was a target, and he never saw enough of her skin or her perfectly shaped, sweetly contoured limbs. He touched her with respect before-- always with the utmost respect--but now he knew so much more about her. Knew so much more about the quality of her strength, her bravery and conviction. Now he touched her with absolute reverence. 
He started with an injury check. He knew from experience how easy it was to continue despite terrible wounds, and if there was anything wrong with her, she may not feel it for hours. But her skin was unbroken, her body still perfect and whole. She remained patient beneath his searching fingers, allowing him more time than he expected, tolerated more tenderness than he would have ever tried before. 
He hooked his finger under her chin, angling her face towards the light, gently wiping the fresh trickle of blood from her temple. He pressed his mouth to the mark, kissing her with no pressure, letting the warmth of his lips soak into her skin. She moved for the first time, leaning into the caress. He kissed down the side of her face, putting his mouth so close to her ear that she'd feel the words rather than hear them. 
"I'm going to make you cum so hard, for so long that you won't be able to feel your legs for at least a week." 
She jerked back, her eyes wide with shock. He smiled. He so rarely surprised her that he cherished each instance. The look she had on her face now was priceless, and he scooped her up in his arms before she could recover. Her expression shifted from shocked to gobsmacked, but she looped her arm around his neck and didn't try to break any of his bones. 
He carried her to the bed, lowering her to the mattress and taking a step back to enjoy the view. By some miracle, the window above them remained intact, and it blocked the sounds of a city in chaos, sirens and shouts and honking horns and more sirens. There was only silence and slanted sunlight catching her hair and her narrowed, cat-like eyes. She seemed relaxed, he knew it was an act. She wasn't truly relaxed. Yet. But she would be. 
Clint stripped off his shirt but left his pants on. She pulled his body down to cover hers, smoothing her hands up and down his arms, massaging and squeezing his thick muscles. Her touch lit him on fire, but he ignored his growing interest in favor of fanning her arousal. He wasn't going to touch her pussy until she was hot and slick. Fortunately, he knew things about her nobody else ever got close enough to even suspect. 
He threaded his fingers through her soft hair, massaging the back of her scalp until she was purring like a kitten. He clenched his fingers into a fist and yanked, forcing her head back. She gasped softly, but she might as well have shouted her pleasure. He relaxed and flexed his fingers, pulling firmly enough to set off a cascade of sparks through her body.He kissed down her neck, over the ridge of her collarbone, dipped his tongue into the hollow of her throat, collected minute beads of sweat and tasted the bitter aftertaste of adrenaline and fear. When he touched his mouth to her pulse and flexed his fist again, her pulse jumped, beating against his lips like a trapped butterfly.
Clint palmed her breast, squeezing in rhythm with the hand in her hair, massaging the tender flesh until she shifted--nothing more than a minute thrust of her hips. Her nipple hardened, the smooth pink pebble beckoning his mouth. Pink met pink as he licked over the tip, teasing the flesh until it was even more swollen, even more tender. He shifted focus without warning, yanking hard enough on her hair to prompt more than a gasp, sinking his teeth into her nipple at the same time. 
She arched off the bed, her long fingers sliding over the back of his head, holding him down. He used his tongue and teeth until her whimpers were more a continuous sound than the occasional punctuation point, then shifted to her other nipple. He could smell her now, the familiar tang seeping into his senses. She wrapped her l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
OT6 - Relationship

freeform: 
Fisting
Threesome - F/M/M
Oral Sex
Orgy
Sex Toys
Size Kink
Kink Meme
Community: avengerkink
Group Sex
female pleasure
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Partners
thor is a sex god

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
OT6 - Relationship

