Work Text:
“I need to get laid,” Natasha says.Bucky makes an affirmative sort of grunt from under his flesh arm.  The other one drapes off the sauna bench, metal fingers brushing the floor.  There's a little pool of sweat under them.  He's switched it off so it doesn't overheat in the stifling room.They're naked, of course.  Bucky's fine with it, because – well, she doesn't know if it was the Army, or the Soldier years, or if he was always that way, but he has zero body shame.  And Natasha's fine with it because, really, he's not looking.  Not in any way that matters to her.“So get laid,” Bucky mumbles, after about a minute.“Not here.”“Go to a bar.”“No offence to the kind of people who pick up other people at bars,” Natasha says, “But they're really not my type.”Bucky lifts his arm and squints at her.  “What even is your type?”“I don't know,” she admits.Natasha's dating history is sporadic at best.  She dated at SHIELD, for a given value of 'date,' because technically, she wasn't doing it as her own self.  Noelle Renaud had a series of ill-advised affairs with senior analysts.  Nora Richards tried her luck with the baby agents.  Natalie Rushman had the longest relationship, with a gorgeous codebreaker from Poland who (she discovered an embarrassingly long time post-break-up) was actually HYDRA.Somehow, what with gods and aliens and everything that came after, it just didn't seem like the right time to get back into the dating game as Natasha Romanoff, singular.“Think it might help if you worked that out,” Bucky says.“I'll take it under advisement.”“You know—”There's a pause that, much later, Natasha will remember as deeply ominous.“—I used to set Steve up with girls all the time.”“I wouldn't want to be any trouble.”“Lady, I'm not allowed to work until October.  You'd be doing me a favour.”Natasha smiles.  “Bored, Barnes?”“Terminally.”  He levers himself into a sitting position.  “C'mon, let me throw beautiful women at you, it'll be fun.”“Okay, just – don't tell anyone?”  She grimaces.  “I'd never hear the end of it from Clint.  Or Stark, for that matter.  Going on dates like a sixteen-year-old.”“Weren't you an internationally feared assassin when you were sixteen?”“Touché,” Natasha says. “Well, if you're willing to stump on my behalf, more power to you.  In the meantime, I'm about to turn into a raisin.  Want to go monopolize the roof?” Bucky's grin is immediate and wicked.  “Oh fuck yes.” ☙ Natasha applies sunscreen like it's going out of style, but Bucky doesn't bother.  He and Steve shed even the worst sunburns in less than half an hour, so everyone is pretty convinced they can't suffer long-term cell damage.  It doesn't mean they're safe from Clint running around after them and slapping their temporarily red necks, but since that usually gets him thrown in the pool, Natasha doesn't bother refereeing.Either way, Bucky covers the metal arm with a towel, because the contact burns from that are a lot less funny.JARVIS switches off between their current playlists.  Natasha's is a long queue of bouncy indie pop, while Bucky is catching up on the century's chart-toppers.  (He's up to the 80's.  There's been a lot of Michael Jackson in Natasha's life lately.)  It should be dissonant, but she likes the interplay.Natasha drifts.  If she follows the music, she can almost forget she's at the top of a skyscraper filled with crazy superheroes and mad scientists.  The gentle sounds of the wave pool lull her down, away from stress, away from all her problems.“Captain Rogers is requesting permission to access the roof,” JARVIS says.“Ugh.”Bucky flops his head in her direction.  “Your call.”“Is he going to spontaneously combust?”“Nat, he lived on a train with thirty showgirls in 1943.”“JARVIS, let him up,” Natasha says.“Should we tell him about—”“Don't say anything,” Natasha hisses as Steve approaches.“Sorry I wrecked your zen,” Steve says.  “Tony says there's a helicopter landing on the roof in twenty, figured I'd better warn you.  Buck, are you aiming for 'tan' or 'human panini'?  Hi, Nat.  I like your nail polish.”She wiggles her nuclear-waste-green toes.  “Thanks.”“Hey, Steve,” Bucky says.  “We're gonna find Nat a dame, okay?”Natasha shoves Bucky into the pool.
☙
“If I'm doing this, I'm going to need to buy some date clothes,” Natasha says ruefully, contemplating the sad state of her closet.  After the infestation of hyper-moths six months ago, she hasn't bothered to replace anything that wasn't strictly practical.Steve, inspecting her highest stilettos, says, “Care for a second opinion?”Natasha does a double-take and narrows her eyes at him.  “Who are you, and what have you done with Steven Rogers?”“Hey.”“You hate shopping!”“I hate shopping for myself,” Steve clarifies.  “Shopping with ladies is fun.”“For a bi guy, you do a pretty good impression of gay stereotypes.”Bucky walks into the room right as Steve lisps, “Honey, stop, I am so butch.”  He turns around and walks right back out again.“Get back here, Barnes!” Nat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Matchmaking
Friendship
Natasha and Bucky are very punchy friends
the punchiest

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)

