Work Text:
Steve paces around their room, running his hands through his hair and back over his neck. He feels like he’s burning, the catch in his veins heady and desirable. He had been in the gym. Just. Getting it all out. But it hadn’t helped, hadn’t done anything but make him hotter, make him want more. He wonders if the bruises have faded from Tony’s hips. That thought stalls him momentarily because he shouldn’t find the idea of bruising Tony sexy. He shouldn’t find it something he wants, desperately. He shouldn’t think it marks Tony as his.Biting his lip, he takes another round of the room, tugging at his shirt and catching at his dog tags. If Tony wasn’t so busy right now, trapped down in his workshop because R&D had screwed up some important energy saving machine, he would be up here with Steve. Three days shouldn’t make him this desperate, this ridiculously needy, but he is, he actually is. He wants nothing more than to catch Tony by the wrists, pin him down and fuck him till they’re both sore and still eager for it. He wants to fuck Tony’s mouth, wants to stuff him with his fingers and his cock and dammit. This isn’t helping. He makes another round of the room.He should be able to ask for these things. It’s something he’s still coming to terms with, something Tony has had to explain to him on multiple occasions. He can ask Tony for sex. He can. He fidgets, thinks about how he would even begin to phrase that sentence, and gets lost in the idea of Tony kneeling in front of him. He shakes his head and, just as he’s about to begin his nth round of the room, he hears familiar steps on the stairs.Stilling, he waits, and it’s definitely Tony. He moves toward the door, keeping his steps light. There’s that familiar heat under his skin, prickling into goosebumps, and it feels like the beginning of a battle. He shifts his stance, eyes narrowing as Tony stops momentarily in the hallway. If he doesn’t continue – Tony starts up again, shuffling steps that catch on the carpet, and Steve’s cock pushes against his pants. He wants and when Tony walks through the door, Steve can’t stop himself.He has Tony against the wall before Tony can even say hello. He has his mouth against Tony’s skin, breathing in that heady scent of gunmetal, oil, and coffee. Tony actually squeaks, hands coming up to grab at Steve’s shoulders, and Steve kisses his ear, turns the kiss sharp with a flick of teeth, and pushes closer to Tony.“Steve?” Tony manages, and Steve shifts course, tangles his fingers in Tony’s hair and yanks his head back so Tony is forced to meet his gaze. His eyes are already blown wide and there’s a smear of grease over his cheek. Steve tightens his fingers and kisses him.It’s not slow. It’s not kind. Steve dominates the kiss, makes Tony take him and Tony groans against his lips, not even bothering to fight back. His fingers push up into Steve’s hair and Steve curls around Tony, shoving his legs open with a simple slide of his knee. His tongue traces over the sharp points of Tony’s teeth, maps out the roof of his mouth and slides up against Tony’s. He curls an arm around Tony’s hips, fingers sliding under the sweats he’s wearing. Tony rocks up against him, sucking on Steve’s tongue. He keeps Tony in place with his hand in Tony’s hair, with his body shoved up against his, and Tony makes a soft, desperate noise.Pulling back is torture, and Tony’s gasps are too sweet not to try and capture. Tony fights him this time, bites at his lips and flicks his tongue. Steve lets him, hand busy palming Tony’s ass. Tony tugs on him to gather his attention again, but Steve has a focus. He pulls Tony forward so he can have better access to him, fingers slipping down the crease of his ass. Tony hiccups against him when Steve catches against the rim of his hole. He tightens his hold in Steve’s hair when Steve rubs two fingers hard over him. Tony bucks, shakes, pulling back from the kiss with a heady groan. Steve ducks his head to nip at his chin, kisses bruises down the side of his neck. Grease catches on his tongue, but the intoxicating taste of Tony is still bright underneath. He forces Tony’s head back, arches his neck so he can bite at his pulse, catch at the juncture of his neck and chin. Tony whispers his name like he’s lost, gasping with every swipe of Steve’s tongue.Somehow, Tony finds his voice. “Missed me?”“I was going to ask,” Steve says. He shoves up Tony’s shirt, his fingers catching against the arc reactor. Tony groans, pulling him back in as Steve scratches against the scars, around the metal casing, and against Tony’s nipples. Their lips crash together on the tail end of Tony’s moan.Tony’s fingers go to his dog tags this time, winding them around his hand as his tongue fucks into Steve’s mouth. Steve nibbles on him before pulling back, pressing a light kiss against his nose. He hooks his fingers in the elastic of Tony’s sweats. Tony grabs his wrist before he can shove them down. “Lube, pocket, kind of need that.”Laughing, St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

