Work Text:
There is a moment, when Thor first backs him up against the wall, takes his face between those big hands and bends down to kiss him, when Bruce thinks, I could stop this, I could say no, and then Thor draws back and smiles at him, a smile of sheer delight, and it’s as if a door to a very dark place has been flung open and sunlight is streaming through, radiant.And Bruce, who has never kissed a man, let alone done anything more intimate than that with one, closes his eyes and sinks into the warmth and light that Thor offers, without even a murmur of protest.Afterward, he feels more relaxed than he has in ages, his mind blessedly empty, his body throbbing distractingly in unaccustomed places. This is – insane, he knows it is. It’s nothing that he’s ever thought he’d want or imagined he’d do. But Thor is irresistible. Physically, yes, strong and huge and painfully handsome, but there’s something else that draws Bruce that is not purely physical. Bruce, ever the skeptic, tries and fails not to think of it as spirit, but spirit is the only name that he can put to it. Thor exudes a wild, unfettered joy, and it is utterly irresistible to a man like Bruce for whom joy is a rare and precious thingThor turns to him, his eyes heavy, his lips reddened from kisses and more. The late afternoon sunlight from the open window falls on him and he reflects it back, just as bright and golden. Drawn by that light Bruce reaches out a hand to touch his shoulder then pulls back, hesitant, despite what they have just done.“Do you fear to touch me?” Thor says, turning onto his side to face Bruce and nestling into the pillow. “I would not have it so.” He takes Bruce’s hand and places it flat on his chest. Bruce can feel the solid thump of Thor’s heart against his palm, the rise and fall of his chest, the warmth of his skin. He traces the curve of muscle, the pads of his fingers brushing the peak of a nipple. Thor is remarkable, beautiful, inhumanly perfect. Bruce knows that he is unimpressive in comparison, an ordinary-looking human man. He cannot fathom Thor’s evident desire for him, the fond warmth of his gaze, the way his breath catches when Bruce rubs over his nipple again, deliberately this time.Thor stretches languidly, a rumbling purr emanating from his chest, and now Bruce cannot stop touching, all that golden skin on display for him, calling out to be appreciated. He smoothes a hand over Thor’s flank, down his thigh. There is more that he wants to touch – the thatch of curly blond hair at his crotch that glints in the sunlight, Thor’s cock, still mostly erect, never having softened after their recent activity, his balls that look heavy and full, though Bruce can feel Thor’s come drying on his thighs. He can’t quite bring himself to touch though. It’s still too strange, too new. “What troubles you?” Bruce looks up to find Thor watching him, a wrinkle of concern on his brow.“Nothing,” Bruce says. He swallows, then decides to come clean. “I’ve never done this before. With a man.”“I know.” Bruce’s eyes widen in surprise. Thor shrugs. “It was not hard to tell.”“Oh.” Bruce colors, thinking how inept he must have appeared. “Sorry about that.”Thor brushes Bruce’s cheekbone with his knuckles. “You owe no apology. You gave me much pleasure. And it was an honor to be the first to take you.”Bruce feels the heat on his face deepen at the casual way Thor throws out that term –take. Bruce has never thought of sex in that context, never conceived of himself as someone who could be taken. Yet even through his discomfort, he can’t ignore the frisson of renewed arousal that Thor’s words bring on. Thor is watching him, a knowing smile on his face. “Do you wish to be taken again?”“I. Um.” Bruce has no words to answer that question. “Oh man,” he sighs with a little laugh, covering his face with his hands, embarrassed and completely out of his depth.Thor chuckles, taking him by the wrists and pulling his hands away. “Because I would have you again, Bruce Banner.” Thor releases him and moves close, his eyes intent. “If you would have me.”“Yeah, okay, sure,” Bruce says breathlessly. He’s sore, but what the hell. When a god wants you, it’s pretty hard to say no.Thor rolls on top of him and fits their pelvises together, starts a slow, dirty grind. Bruce’s eyes flutter closed, his hands fisting the sheets.“I will take you in my mouth first,” Thor says, and Bruce’s breath catches in his throat. He hadn’t imagined that would be on offer, and the thought of it, Thor swallowing him down, pink lips stretched around him… “Unless you prefer me not to.”“No, I – that would be fine. Would be great. I –” He breaks off when he catches Thor’s teasing smile.“They are few indeed, in this world or any other, who would not wish my mouth upon them,” Thor says, brushing soft kisses on Bruce’s closed eyes, his nose, his lips. Thor says it as a matter of fact, which Bruce supposes that it is. Bruce does not know why Thor has chosen him, of all the people he could
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Thor

