Work Text:
You could feel it, your heat. It started in the middle of your first lecture, and you swore to yourself for rushing out the door without taking your suppressants.Your hands shook as you took down notes, and you kept telling yourself that if you made it through the lecture you could go.It didn't help at all that you could find no comfort that your body was wanting, and you were sweating profusely. It seemed to be coming on faster than normal, but you had been on the suppressants for over a year, and your doctor told you something like this would happen if you used it for long periods of time.You were practically panting in your seat as Professor Laufeyson continued with the mythology.At the sight of him, you started to think of the many wet dreams you've had about said professor, and that just made things worse."Professor Laufeyson?" You asked raising your hand. "May I be excused." He just simply frowned at you, "This lesson is vital to the final, (Y/N). You must stay." You glanced pleadingly to the locked door, and concern crossed his face. "Just another half hour and you'll be free to go." He assured you. Your submissive Omega instincts kicked in, and you simply nodded at him. Fifteen minutes later the cramping started, and you really needed someone to comfort you. You needed the skin on skin contact of an Alpha. You took in deep breaths, and kept paying attention to the lecture, though your eyes were burning from tears.You didn't want to draw attention to yourself. Though most of the time it was announced that an Omega was going into heat as easily as an engagement announcement. Mostly people congratulated you and wished you luck, but you always were secretive about your heat. It all worsened as time went by. The suppressed heat was worse that a normal heat, and would probably last longer. You bit your lip when you started to quietly whimper, tears easily flowing down your face. God! This was going to be possibly the most embarrassing day of your life.Finally, Professor Laufeyson excused the class. "(Y/N)! Could you give me a moment?" He asked as you gathered your things with shaky hands. You look wistfully at your classmates as they left, but nodded at your professor.You walked up to him as the last of the class left, "I hope that in the future you will not-" He started reprimanding you, but stopped when the heavy door slammed closed, and a breeze was sent through the room. "You're in heat." He stated when he could smell you. "I'm sorry, professor. I forgot to take my suppressants this morning. I didn't mean to. When I got here, it was too late, and your lecture was locked so I couldn't leave, and I'm really, really sorry." You said, bowing your head. "Please, may I go?" He grabbed your wrist and started to take you out to the parking lot. You gasped at the skin on skin contact sending shivers through your body, and let him lead you away. Of course he's anAlpha. Of course his natural instincts to help you through your heat kicked in.He helped you into a car that you could only assume was his, and he quickly got in the driver's seat. "Professor!" You panted, needing the contact that he wasn't giving you. He reached over with his hand, and stroked your neck, letting you shiver under his contact. He stopped the car outside his house, and quickly climbed out. If felt like the ground was pulled out from under you when you lost contact. You soon regained it when he scooped you out of the passenger seat and started to carry you into the house. "Professor, please. I don't know how much longer-" He nuzzled you neck as he carried you to his bedroom. "Loki. Call me Loki." He muttered against your skin. He sat you down on his bed, and stripped you to your undergarments, he quickly followed suit. He climbed into bed, and pulled you close to him, giving you even more contact than before. "Please, Loki. Please. I need more. I want more. Give me more, please." You begged. "I don't want to take advantage of you, (Y/N). I just want to see you're safe. You're not in full heat yet. Those Alphas on campus would have just dragged you to a dark corner. (Y/N), I don't want to do something to you that you'll regret later." You looked at him, "You have no idea. I won't regret this. Please!" You begged, pulling off your underwear, letting him get a whiff of your raw scent. His pupils blew wide, and one hand felt your soaked hole. "God, (Y/N)!" Without hesitation, he pinned you to the bed, and kissed you. You let your toes curl as you felt his bulge grazing your wet folds. He pulled away and started nipping your jaw, neck, and collar bone. "I can't do this to you. I can't take advantage of you." He said, starting to shift away. You gripped his biceps, "No, Loki, you don't know how long I've wanted this, please." He gave you a curious look, "Please!" You begged again, practically crying at this point. He nodded, "Okay. Don't worry." He only touched you over sensitive clit, before you started to come. You arched your back, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Unexpected Heat
Knotting
Shameless Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
PWP
Sorry Not Sorry

fandom: 
Loki/Reader

