Chapter 1



Summary:

Clint begins to sort himself out. Slowly.





Chapter Text
The follow-up question Clint never could bring himself to ask Natasha was whether or not she had enjoyed being unmade. Now that he was alone in his own mind, he could see just how bad it had been. Before, there had just been the war, but that wasn’t strictly true. The war was a secondary concern. For the most part, there had just been Loki.Under his influence, all of Clint’s thoughts buzzed around Loki like drone bees in a well-organized hive. Everything he did was to please Loki, and everything he had was something he wanted desperately to give away to the Asgardian. He hadn’t held back at all. He’d contacted enemies and ran missions without so much as a thought for what he was doing. He had not been above divulging secrets if it meant he got more attention than Selvig and his day-glo blue Rubik’s cube of a girlfriend. But regardless of what he’d thought of the doctor’s dating habits, it seemed to him that Selvig had done a better job of setting their overlord up for failure.Shawrama was a nice break from self-loathing, but once they were back at the helicarrier, Natasha told him about Coulson.Clint almost believed her, almost believed all of them until Captain America handed him the cards.Then he just couldn’t think of a good reason not to take a short walk from the hangar bay to the med-lab where he confirmed his suspicions that the blood wasn’t even his handler’s.It was another short walk to Fury’s office. And maybe he hadn’t wanted to be on a team in any point ever, but he couldn’t help thinking he could get used to it when no one stopped him and everyone followed him.Clint tossed the cards and the blood test results Bruce had done onto the director’s desk. “Tell me the truth. Or I walk.”Fury slid the cards back. “The truth, Agent Barton? Is that I don’t really like you, and I don’t really need you. So take that walk any time you damn well please.”Bruce coughed quietly. “You don’t like me either, but I’m not sure you’ll like what happens when I leave.”“I owe this realm very little,” Thor mused aloud. “As much as I would like to continue saving its people, I can just as easily visit another now that I have what I was sent for.”Fury’s eye narrowed but he looked pretty unimpressed. “Are the rest of you walking too?”“Too rich for walking. I’d probably fly,” Tony said.Steve crossed his arms. “Any mode of transportation suits me. Hell, I didn’t want to come here anyway.”“Agreed,” Natasha murmured.“You did the job you needed to do, and I wouldn’t shed a tear for any of you,” Fury said. He got to his feet. His tone projected fuck-you levels of confidence, but he stared out the window with his arms behind his back. He didn’t turn around or glance back even once. “Here’s the truth. I lied, and I would do it again. I will do it again. If your feelings got hurt and you expect some kind of apology... Get off my damn ship.”“Where is he?” Clint asked.“Close by. Agent Hill can fill you in.”“Thank you,” Clint said. He left the cards where they were.-All of them felt some level of obligation to Coulson. None of it was the same, but it was obligation born out of genuine concern, which was more than could be said about Fury. Clint couldn’t say he cared much. The director of SHIELD wasn’t meant to be some likable badass like Coulson. He needed to be scary and ruthless and above all else a manipulative son of a bitch.Clint was the one who spent most of his time near or next to Coulson’s hospital bed. He spent a lot of that time playing Fruit Ninja on his handler’s tablet or reading from where the agent had left off in one of many e-book Westerns.He wasn’t interested in Tony’s smirks or Steve’s curious looks or the nurses pointing out that his recovery was going to take time no matter what he did.While he would have stayed the whole time, Clint found himself leaving on a regular basis for one reason or another. Natasha forced him to go out to dinner with her. She was worried about him, but she was more likely to express her concerns through a right hook to his kidney than by saying so. Bruce insisted that Clint get some fresh air every five hours or so.Thor sought out his company too, which wasn’t too surprising. The guy clearly wanted to apologize for his wayward brother, but couldn’t bring himself to do so. Instead he asked Clint to show him around Midgard. Being a good host wasn’t too bad since it consisted mainly of visiting microbreweries, listening to Nordic heavy metal, and mainlining Game of Thrones.When he went out, someone else stayed at the hospital although Tony wasn’t allowed to linger there alone. Not after he’d decided the best way to get someone out of a coma was to play Nicki Minaj and Carly Rae Jepsen songs on repeat.Regardless of how Clint felt and all the things he refused to deal with until Coulson woke up, Clint did whatever teamwork was required of him. He made an effort to be a great team player, and saved most of his sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & All the Avengers
Clint Barton & Loki
Clint Barton/Loki

freeform: 
Fix-It
Character Death Fix
Friendship
Post-Movie
Romance
clint is pining
Clint Has Issues
Phil has tattoos
BAMF!Phil
Dysfunctional Family
Team Dynamics
Teambuilding
Hurt/Comfort
Requited Love
Humor
Asgard Road Trip!

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & All the Avengers
Clint Barton & Loki
Clint Barton/Loki

