Chapter 1: Smile for the Cameras
    


Summary:

Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist Tony Stark climbed up the steps to stand next to the podium, his brightest, most fake, smile plastered on his face—just another mask to wear over the others as he danced to the ridiculous tune that the finicky public wanted to hear. Internally, he was exhausted and numb to the attention that had been hoisted upon him since birth.~~~Set after Ironman 3 but before Thor 2 or Winter Soldier. The only thing I’m ignoring from Iron Man 3 is when he blows up the suits. In my story no suits were blown up for love. Also, Tony doesn’t get the reactor taken out. Instead, he makes another model that is significantly less deep and the doctors rebuild what was lost of his chest and he installs this new one



Notes:
I am currently in the process of re-writting all chapters! Once I am done, the story will be pretty different since I want to incorporate all of the movies (basically) at this point. Enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist Tony Stark climbed up the steps to stand next to the podium, his brightest, most fake, smile plastered on his face—just another mask to wear over the others as he danced to the ridiculous tune that the finicky public wanted to hear. Internally, he was exhausted and numb to the attention that had been hoisted upon him since birth.

Below him stood reporters, news crews, and the requisite crowd of screaming fans and jeering critics. Below him were the general masses, everyone here to see the famous Iron Man and hear about his latest spectacular accomplishments as a superhero and critique him despite the fact that not one of them could have or would have come out to help in the fight. That was unfair though. Tony knew that a good chunk of his resentment was a byproduct of his feelings for the Avengers.

Cameras flashed brightly, blinding him, while voices rose in a clamor for attention, questions asked and comments thrown, the sound nearly deafening him.

God, he hated this. All the people in the crowd, pushing, shoving and shouting at him with praises and questions. No matter how much time went by, no matter how good he was at dealing with this type of thing, he never truly got used to it enough to like it. After the Battle of New York, Tony had mistakenly assumed the Avengers would remain a team and he would no longer be alone against the masses. He was wrong.

You would think that when people, actual human beings, start exploding then SHIELD would look into it. Nope. You would think that when he gave his real address to a terrorist on live TV he would at least get a phone call. Nope. And if that wasn’t enough, his house gets blown up on live TV with him inside, the world assumes he is dead, and there is still not a single point of contact. Through it all, SHIELD and the Avengers remained silent. Screw them.

Tony had since accepted the fact that the Avengers would never function as a true team and this was fine. The world didn’t need a super-powered team (at the moment). However, he had gone through the wormhole and Tony knew that, one day, the world would need more than just one man and maybe even more than one team as its protector. But Tony also knew that there had to be more than just the members of the Avengers that made up the people of the world that would and could fight if need be. Tony would just have to find them.

If you want something done right, then do it yourself.

Until the new team was built though (he really needed to think of a name), Tony was stuck pandering to public opinion. If you kept the people happy as well as impressed senators and other politicians, then you could sway votes in your favor and that was something Tony knew he would have to do in the future.

He was so tired though. Tired of cleaning up other people's messes when they refused to admit they had done anything wrong. The whole hero thing was really not as bright and shiny as in the movies.

Tony was brought out of his thoughts by a rousing cheer from the crowd below. Tony noticed everyone was looking at him with anticipation and realized that all the other speeches and introductions had finished while he was deep in thought. Oh well, it was highly likely no one noticed.

Tony drew some cue cards out of his pocket as he stepped up to the podium. He read from what he had scribbled down for this event in a coffee fueled haze some days before, glancing around every now and then to gauge peoples reactions. Tony wasn’t quite sure what this ceremony was for at the moment but his speech didn’t seem half bad. After his conclusion, the crowd went wild. 

Tony paused a moment, inhaling deeply and attempting to exhale all the tension this event had accumulated, before turning to leave. With one last wave to the crowd, a large grin twisting his lips, Tony shook some big-shot politicians' hands before hurrying off the stage
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
possible future Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Loki-centric
My First Fanfic
I Don't Even Know
BAMF Tony
Genius Tony Stark
Good Loki
Angst
Fluff
Past Child Abuse
Past Torture
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Possible eventual Loki/Stark but only maybe
sorry for the wait
Currently Being Re-Written
Chapters posted bi-weekly
edited by my sister
Thank you B!
Tony Stark will have magic
eventually

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
possible future Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

