Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“What are you doing here?” Loki asked, one eye brow raised.
“Brother...” Thor started but Loki cut him off. 
“No,” He said, “You don’t get to call me that. Haven’t we been over this? Hasn’t fa...” he caught himself before he slipped up too, rephrasing the sentence as quickly as he could but there was a twitch to Thor’s face which told him he had been caught. “Hasn’t the Allfather clued you in? We aren’t related...”
“Not by blood,” Thor agreed too easily which should’ve put Loki’s defences up but he was tired. He wanted to go to sleep and Thor was keeping him from it.
“How did you talk your way out of your execution?” Thor demanded to know, his boot clad feet leaving indentations on Stark’s too expensive carpet. At least Loki appreciated the luxury of his new cell even if no one called it by its rightful name.

”I know why you did it, son,” Odin said, his voice grave.


“I am not your son,” Loki objected but truthfully, even he was getting rather bored with having to repeat the same thing all over again. What was it with this family, his former family, who couldn’t wrap their heads around the fact that he wasn’t their child? At least now it made perfect sense why he had never measured up, why he was never good enough and yet, they kept on insisting how he was a part of their family. Loki honestly felt a bit lost. 


“You know nothing,” Loki hissed for good measure.


Odin simply gave him one of his stares which had lesser men cowering in fear. Loki only straightened up, back ramrod straight. If he was to die, he was going to do it with his head held high.


“Loki,” Odin tried again. “I know why you did what you did. How long do you think I would last on the throne if I couldn’t read between the lines? If I didn’t understand the shadows of the realms out there? Do you honestly think we would’ve enjoyed this peace if it hadn’t been paid for in blood?”


Loki gaped, unsure how to respond.


“I can’t say I condone your steps. You did go too far but I understand why you did it. I also understand how once a path has been taken, you cannot leave it or all would be for naught.”


Loki stayed silent, unsure how to respond.


“This is why I won’t execute you for your crimes.”


Loki gulped, a weight lifting off his heart. He might’ve come prepared to face the music, knowing all along if he got caught this would be the outcome. And yet, apparently he got to live. But there would be a catch. There always was a catch...

And he was right.
“I didn’t have to talk,” Loki answered cryptically. “Odin didn’t want to see me dead. Besides, isn’t this worse than death?”
Loki made some aborted gesture with his hands. Thor glared at him. Loki shrugged. It might not be really worse than death but there were many moments when he actively contemplated hurling himself out of one of the many windows Stark had in his tower. Surely, if he took a chair to it, the glass would break and then he could simply jump. But this would the coward’s way out and Loki could be accused of many things but being a coward wasn’t among them.
Strong hands grabbed him, hauling him off the bed and onto his feet. “Thor!” he protested, trying to shake the strong, bruising grip on his bare, upper arms but his brother didn’t relent. Thor wasn’t as stupid as Loki always accused him of being but apparently his mind was too clouded with emotions right now to remember a few new facts. Like how Loki was mortal now and Thor couldn’t just grab him and toss him around like he used to do for fun.
He could already feel the bruises forming underneath Thor’s fingers but Loki stayed still, staring up at his brother blue eyes. Blond, blue eyed, the body of a god as some would put it and the intelligence of walnut...those words had been uttered more than once and while there was truth to them, Loki knew most underestimated the primal force that was his brother.
Yes, brother, for all of his protests to the contrary, he couldn’t quite stop thinking of him as such. Despite what they had done, many, many times...the bond they shared couldn’t be so easily broken...even if Loki had tried his best to achieve it.
Many had often said that Thor was the hammer and Loki was the brain. Pity, it hadn’t actually worked out that way.
“I won’t have you say such things,” Thor insisted, shaking Loki for good measure as if this would instil some common sense into it.
Loki snorted. “Peace, Thor,” he answered swiftly. “I’ll adjust.”
Thor looked dubious but Loki gave him his best smile. He didn’t quite believe the words himself but right now, he had no intention of taking the easy way out. What might happen a day, ten or a month from now, he couldn’t vouch for but apparently his reassurance put Thor somewhat at ease because his harsh grip lessened fractionally.
His gloomy thoughts were derailed when Thor pressed his lips to Loki’s. The younger man gasped, startled. Then he melted into the all too familiar embrace, memories stirring and years of practice taking over, over rul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Violence
Underage Sex
Dubious Consent
Familial Abuse
Child Abuse
Incest
Adopted Sibling Relationship

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

