Work Text:
  The debriefing after Iron Man’s too-close encounter with falling debris from a collapsing building was one that would be whispered about by S.H.I.E.L.D. staff for years, much to Director Fury’s considerable chagrin. Something about super-villains and illicit affairs lit up gossip circles like nothing else. It started with Natasha’s report, “It seems Loki has done something to Stark.” “I was under the impression that his injuries were minor.” “Yes, but they shouldn’t have been, sir. One moment... Here.” An alert popped up on one of the nearest touch-screens. Fury tapped on it, reviewed the images of the crater, the girder, and some of Tony Stark’s bloodstained armor. “And Loki showed up out of nowhere for this?” “Thor contacted him, apparently. The god of chaos and mischief has a cellphone.” She sounded amused. “According to Stark, Loki didn’t heal him––not directly.” That gave the old spy considerable pause. “Any other surprises I should be aware of?” “Loki agreed to be debriefed,” Natasha said, with a trace more amusement than the information merited: she was holding something back. “Romanov,” he warned. “They’re on their way into the jet now. See you soon, darling.” She hung up. Sometimes that little Russian assassin really did get on his nerves.  ~~   Tony went to the med bay swiftly enough, and was apparently feeling well enough to fend off any attempts by personnel to get a blood sample from him. He was also grinning like it was Christmas, which Fury always considered a bad sign. He decided to keep this briefing out of the usual spartan interview rooms. Stark was less likely to bolt here, and if he acted out too much, his distraction would let someone get that sample. “Mr. Stark. You’re looking well, all things considered.” A laugh of mixed irritation and elation rattled up from the mad inventor’s now-bandaged chest, where the bones of his ribcage still needed support to prevent them puncturing––or re-puncturing––one of his lungs if he happened to make any too-sudden movements. “So I keep hearing, yeah.” “I’ve seen where they pulled you out from, Stark, and you’re not the first man I’ve ever met with remarkable recovery-time from damage that should have proven lethal, but I’ve also seen you injured seriously before, and I distinctly don’t recall you recovering quite so fast back then,” Fury challenged. “It’s––something a bit new, yeah.” He flashed a too-quick grin. “Tell ‘em to quit trying to poke me with one of those things. I gave a sample to Bruce already, and he’s processing it in his lab at the tower. Fuck off!” “You do know what caused this change, then?” “Yeah, I do. It was a gift.” He grinned again, like a cat that had gotten the cream, the canary, and feline worship re-established in Egypt without all that being-mummified-alive business. “I suppose I ought to mention that it should be kept quiet on, ah, interplanetary diplomatic grounds.” Fury’s eyebrows raised, though the rest of his expression remained supremely unimpressed. “Really now?” “It might’ve been stolen from someone in Asgard––not that I knew that at first.” He gave it a bit of thought. “Well... I knew it had been gotten by mildly illicit means, but I thought it was just a bit of trickery and a rigged bet. I found out today that there might’ve been a bit more severe law-breaking involved than that.” “Asgard,” Fury repeated. Tony gave another laugh, and this time the disbelief in it was clearly discernible, and it was clear that not all of his breathlessness was due to cracked ribs. He was still grinning like a mad thing. “Yeah. I know. It’s sort of insane. I should’ve probably been more suspicious of alien foodstuffs, I guess.” “When did you consume said foodstuffs?” Fury inquired, already planning a way to signal for restraints and sedatives if necessary, and possibly a stomach pump. “Over a month ago,” Tony reported cheerfully, clearly catching onto his train of thought. “All that’s left are the after-effects.” “Which left you able to survive nearly being impaled on, and crushed under, debris from a collapsed bank building?” “Yeah.” Tony folded his arms over his chest. “I kind of like the sound of ‘the Immortal Tony Stark’, don’t you?” A muscle in the general vicinity of Nick Fury’s right eye twitched, and the old spy could feel a headache coming on. “I don’t recall this particular clause in that contract you have with Loki, Mr. Stark.” “It’s not in there.” Tony’s expression became just a little more guarded then, but his smile lingered: a bit of teeth and sharpness edging every word. “Like I said, Nick: it was a gift.” “An illegal gift, most likely stolen, which you claim could be cause for a diplomatic incident,” Fury reminded. “Just keep the info away from Thor, is all I’m really saying. Loki won’t exactly be advertising it around, especially while he’s still on parole. And hey! You all get to keep me around to invent shiny new toys, and new materials that stretch enough for Bruce to no longer have to worry about c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

