Work Text:
Phil Coulson is having a hell of a day. It's tough enough herding his pack of superheroes through a difficult mission without the added complication of dangerously bad weather, but here they are, fending off the latest threat to the existence of humanity while the storm of the century rages around them. He has the jet pulled back to the edge of the fight, the safest possible distance from the worst parts of the storm, but still they're having issues tracking the team's movements through the thick cover of the angry cumulonimbus clouds that seem to be located only over the city where the Avengers have been deployed. They already had less intel about the monster of the week than he usually likes, and now they're hovering over a city that's under siege from more than just monsters. It's a bad situation made so much worse by bad weather. Phil stands behind Hill in the cockpit as she flies, watching the storm, and waits for the tech team to fix the comm lines so he can talk to his people again. At least the city was mostly evacuated before the worst of the attack began; they knew enough to get people out in advance. So that's something. He hates worrying about civilian casualties on top of everything else; he hates not being able to keep people safe, because that's why he does this job, and it's always a wrench when the reports come back with black and white numbers that he tries to ignore. He can't. Nobody can, not really, and there have been plenty of nights when he's stayed awake processing those awful numbers until well after the sun rose. Those nights have been few and far between, these last few years:  Clint has his own ways of coping with the stress of their jobs, many of which happen to be wonderfully well-suited to helping both of them sleep.He keeps one hand on the back of Hill's pilot's chair while the other fishes in the pocket of his trousers for the miniature military-issue carabiner he has sewn into the lining of the left trouser pocket of all of his suits. He tells the dry-cleaners that it's for his keys, but he's pretty sure they know better. He doesn't care, because Fury doesn't care, and if the boss isn't complaining then he doesn't really mind that he and Clint are SHIELD's most poorly kept secret, so much so that when he slipped up-- the only time he's slipped up-- in New Mexico last year and walked around for several hours with his ring on, nobody even blinked an eye. He'd wear it around all the time if he weren't concerned about losing the damn thing. With this job, it's a distinct possibility, so into his pocket it goes, latched securely onto the carabiner. His fingers curl around the small circle of metal in his pocket and he smiles, albeit briefly, before turning to ask the techs about the lines again. The junior agents still sit up a little straighter every time he talks, which never ceases to be a source of amusement, even in tense situations like this one. When they have to give him bad news, they're practically perpendicular to the plane of the floor, and he just nods and tells them to carry on and get the comm lines back up ASAP, to which they all chorus, "Yes sir!" and redouble their efforts to patch him through to the team. He turns back to the window and taps the wireless piece on his ear, running through emergency protocols and procedures as calmly as possible, steadfastly ignoring the very personal worries he has about Clint's safety.This is, of course, why every other intelligence organization has frat regs. In theory, SHIELD has them too, but in practice he's not sure it's possible for the Director to care less about them, and even less certain that they would have survived Tony Stark's consultantship, if the office gossip is to be believed. Fury's response to Phil's attempt to resign over the unexpected direction of his personal life was to light his resignation letter on fire, grumble something about not fucking it up, and instruct him to call Hill in, because she officially owed him fifty bucks.So far, they haven't fucked it up; they quietly moved in together and learned to live with each other while continuing to work together, and the world kept right on turning. They've survived long missions and undercover work, they've survived a legally binding marriage contract and a couple of anniversaries and even one short vacation together, and now they're surviving Phil's new gig as the Official Supernanny to the Avengers and Clint's new gig as an Official Superhero. After all of that, a little stormy weather-- okay, a lot of stormy weather-- is not going to be the end of things. Objectively, Phil Coulson, Unflappable Agent of SHIELD, knows that. Subjectively, Phil Coulson, Loving Husband of Clint Barton, worries.Oh, Clint can take care of himself, that much Phil knows firsthand. Still and all, he's used to the hum of Clint's bowstring in his ear on missions, or at least the occasional wisecrack directed at him over the wireless comm line, usually followed by Clint'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Alternate Universe
Crossover
Schmoop
SHIELD Husbands
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

