Work Text:
When Erik wakes up, he has no idea where he is. There's metal around him, of course, but it's the usual detritus of living quarters. There are wires and windows and nails and screws. He can tell there's a kitchen not far from where he's lying and a bathroom down the hall. His own things--phone, wallet, money clip, spare change--are near the bed in the pockets of his pants. On the other side of the bed are an unfamiliar phone and wallet in unfamiliar pants, sitting on--An unfamiliar wheelchair. Right. Charles Xavier. He went home with Raven's brother.He's not entirely sure this is what Raven meant when she insisted that he and Charles work together. Of course, knowing Raven and her occasional nosing into his love life, it's also possible this is exactly what she meant.Erik opens his eyes and props himself up on his elbows. Charles' bedroom is sunny and spacious--it would have to be, he realizes, given the combination of wheelchair requirements and insane wealth. Charles is still sprawled in the bed next to him, dead to the world, and the night before starts to come back in fragments. The party at Raven's apartment to welcome Charles back to New York after several years teaching at Oxford. Raven introducing Erik to Charles as a possible resource for Charles' book. The increasing volume of the party as more guests arrived, driving Charles and Erik to steal a bottle of gin and a bottle of tonic and hide in Raven's tiny home office until their flirtation hit the tipping point and they decided to go to Charles' place, if only because Charles refused to have sex somewhere his sister lived.Charles yawns and rubs his eyes. It's far too endearing."What time is it?" he asks, his voice cracking in the middle. Erik reaches out for a clock while simultaneously shaking his phone out of his pants pocket and directing it towards his hand. He hits the home button on his phone the same moment he finds the wall clock in the living room.Then he curses."What?" Charles asks, suddenly more awake, fighting to push himself up under the mountain of blankets on top of them."I'm going to be late," Erik says. He jumps out of bed and starts to fumble with his clothes. "I have to meet my parents for brunch at eleven, it's already after ten! Where the hell are we?""Upper West Side," Charles supplies."Of course," Erik says, rolling his eyes with a familiarity that should feel foreign after only one night together. The truth is, he already feels like he's known Charles for decades. "I'm headed to Queens--we have brunch every Sunday, me and my parents and my sister.""That's lovely," Charles says. Erik's pretty sure he means it, probably because he's never had to deal with Ruth cackling at him when he shows up in last night's clothes looking like ten miles of bad road."Listen," Erik says as he tucks the tails of his shirt into his rumpled pants. "I wasn't just trying to get into your pants last night--though that was definitely a perk--I really am interested in your book. I lived at one of Shaw's academies for eighteen months when I was a teenager. You should call me." He pulls a business card out of his wallet and takes a pen off of the bedside table to write his cell number on the back. He hands the card to Charles, who takes it from him with one hand and grabs his wrist with the other, pulling Erik close enough for a quick, searing kiss."I look forward to it," he murmurs, and Erik reminds himself that Ruth will never let it go if he skips brunch to climb back into bed with someone he just met."See you around," Erik says, shoving his feet back into his shoes and tripping out of the bedroom. He gives Charles a final wave and Charles waves back, smirking.***Erik texts Ruth from the subway and tells her the trains are a mess and he might be late. It's futile, he knows--she'll take one look at him and make her own assumptions. Miraculously, the trip takes less than an hour, which is unheard of on Sundays, and he's only a few minutes late to brunch, breathlessly racing into the kitchen just as his mother is pulling a coffee cake from the oven. Erik hopes, distantly, it's nothing too extreme. His mother owns a bakery and everything on the menu is tested in her own kitchen first. Sometimes it's a delicious berry cinnamon crumble, but just as often it's something strange with avocado or random foreign fruits from the Farmer's Market."Sorry I'm late," he pants."Your sister told us," Jakob says, distracted by the paper. "The trains.""Mm hm," Ruth says, eyeing his wrinkled clothes. "The trains."He tries and fails to resist pulling a face at Ruth. It's possible that one day he'll stop reverting to a thirteen year old brat when he's around her, but he's seen no evidence of it yet."Sit, sit," Edie says, putting the coffeecake on the table. "You look terrible.""I was out late," Erik says. He takes a seat around the table, which is the same round, battered workspace that his parents have had since his childhood. The rest of the kitchen was redone 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Remix
Family Drama
Family Issues
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Friends With Benefits
Sibling Bonding
Meet the Family

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

