Work Text:
Darcy hates the nightshift. During the nightshift she gets the skeevey guys who think it's okay to stare at her boobs and try lame pick up lines. Right after she trots out the pie specials, like clockwork, the blond guy in the booth says, "Hey, I know you, right?""Let me guess, from your dreams last night?" she asks, raising an eyebrow and tapping her pen against her order pad. The guy looks adorably confused for a moment and Darcy thinks maybe the nightshift wouldn't be quite so bad if all the cheesey one-liners came from men that had old timey movie star good looks."Darcy?""Congratulations, you can read a name tag," Darcy says, trying to maintain her smile while snarking at him because that way Bruno in the kitchen can't tell she's being a smartass. She brushes a hand down her burnt orange and mustard yellow uniform, a color combination that is kind to no one's complexion and lets out a calming breath. "Look buddy, do us both a favor and just order, okay?""Jane's assistant Darcy, right?" he says, smacking a hand on the table that makes the whole thing rattle and his cutlery jump, looking pleased. Darcy frowns, because no one outside SHIELD and a very tiny number of scientists would know that-"Oh my god, sorry, I didn't recognize you, geez," Darcy says in a rush, gesturing at him, because the guy sitting in her section is Captain America. She hasn't really been formally introduced but he's hard to miss, a bright spot amongst all the suits and somber expressions. He wasn't someone she was expecting to see in a Pink Floyd t-shirt.He looks down at himself and back up at her before he chuckles, plucking at the shirt. "Not really my style it's true," he admits. "I kinda wore out my own stuff and I've been reduced to being dressed by Stark.""His cruelty knows no bounds," Darcy says. While she doesn't object to the shirt in theory, it just doesn't look right on Steve Rogers. He's got an era thing going and forcing him out of it doesn't sit well. "I guess I'll get used to it," Steve says. "Last time I was dressing myself there were clothing rations. I was always more comfortable in a uniform anyway." He huffs and then looks up at her. "You work here?"It's a genuine question so Darcy tamps down the urge to make with the sarcastic answer and tell him that no, it's just a hobby. "Gotta pay the bills," she says. "But you work for SHIELD," Steve says, confusion plain on his features."As an unpaid intern," Darcy says. "They can't technically hire me because I might have a teeny, tiny, barely there police record.""You do?" Steve says, plainly shocked."It's nothing bad, I swear," Darcy says. She waggles her order pad, wanting a reason to escape the discomfited look on Steve's face. "What can I get you?""Oh, um, whatever pie is good," Steve says and she feels his eyes on her back all the way to the counter.Darcy sighs when Bruno gives her the stink-eye from the grill and tries not to let it bother her that Captain America now thinks she's a bad person.

*
Darcy's surprised when Steve appears in Jane's lab the next afternoon. He's wearing a plain black shirt which is better but still not right. He might be from a muted time but he's a guy built for color."Hey, hi," he says, making his way over to her station and ignoring the way everyone else has stopped what they're doing to stare. "You look like a bouncer," Darcy says, can't really help it. "I... is that bad?" he asks, shakes his head before Darcy can answer. "Um, look, I talked to Agent Coulson.""About?""About SHIELD not paying you to work here so you had to get another job," Steve says and Darcy just blinks at him. "You... why?" "It's not right. You're doing important work here.""Thanks?""He said he couldn't do anything," Steve says."Oh," Darcy says, not really sure what else to offer. It was nice of him to try and she wasn't really expecting-"But he said that I could hire you," Steve barrels on, smiling. Darcy just stares at him, for long enough that the smile droops a little. "If you... I mean, unless you like your other job?""I hate the diner," Darcy says. "It was just close to here.""Oh okay, then great.""No, wait, I don't want charity," Darcy says. Darcy's her mother's daughter, a woman who raised three girls on her own and taught them to be tough and always, always self-sufficient. "Not... no," Steve says quickly. "I'm hiring you.""To do what?" "I get a lot of mail," Steve says. "SHIELD weeds out the really crazy stuff but there's still a lot of... uh, embarrassing stuff?" Darcy watches a faint pink dust his cheek bones. "Some stuff I'd rather not...""You could just ignore it.""No, I like most of it," Steve says. "I like answering the letters from kids mostly. I just...""There's too much of it?""Exactly. Plus there's the electronic kind of mail that..." Steve shudders, almost delicately which makes Darcy smile. "Anyway, I thought with you here, then if Jane needed you, it was still close-""Captain, yes. You don't have to convince me to give up my crappy 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Team

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis

