Chapter 1: Inside your heart where the darkness stays
    




Chapter Text
--- In retrospect, Bruce thought, he should have seen this coming. He should be above it, even. He knew that Tony wasn’t to blame, but there he was, and he was too easy a target to resist. In the heat of the moment, Bruce was so angry that he was shocked he wasn’t green yet. They were all furious, and Tony just stood there and took it.“Guys, relax. It was just a party! You all had fun. No one got hurt. Minimal property damage, even. Apart from the hangovers, where’s the harm?”“It’s about lack of respect,” Steve said. “I thought I couldn’t get drunk.”“Were you born without an off button?” Clint demanded. “If those photos aren’t off the internet by the end of the day, you won’t even see me coming,” Natasha promised. “What if I hurt someone?” Bruce asked. Tony looked genuinely confused, and maybe a little hurt, but he took it like he never expected anything different. But he muttered his apologies, and slunk off to his workshop to leave the rest of them nursing their epic hangovers. “I thought you and he were all buddy-buddy, anyway,” Clint muttered. Bruce tried to remember that technique he learned in Nepal to avoid throwing up all over the breakfast bar. “He just… I know the Hulk doesn’t scare him, but he shouldn’t have risked it. I could have hurt someone.”Natasha looked up from her orange juice. “I haven’t been drunk since 2005.”“I’ll see that and raise you 1941,” Steve countered, his gaze dark and murderous.Clint groaned and buried his head in his arms. “Can we just stop talking until the Advil kicks in? I wish Stark had never been fucking born.”--- Steve spent most of his day after trying to piece the night before back together. His memory was patchy, spotted with black outs and alarming periods of whirling colour and sound. He really hadn’t expected Tony to take his challenge seriously. When he’d met Steve’s “I can’t get drunk” with “that just means you’ve never really tried”, the last thing Steve had wanted was this horrible feeling of nausea, pain and creeping dread that, apparently, was tequila’s parting gift. So maybe he had met Tony’s eyes with a defiant look and said, “Give it your best shot.” That hadn’t meant that Tony should listen. Steve and Natasha lounged on the daybeds beside the Tower’s pool, the floor to ceiling windows tinted thanks to JARVIS. Natasha had made them some kind of traditional Russian hangover cure, and Steve punctuated wallowing in misery with tentative sips. “I’m going to kill him,” she said, her voice matter-of-fact. “No you’re not.”“No, I’m not. But only because it would make Pepper cry,” Natasha replied. “What Clint said was harsh, but sometimes I think my job would be so much easer if he had never been born.”Steve chuckled, despite the twinge that thought gave him. “I might actually be the one in charge.”“Bruce would stop eyeing chopsticks with suspicion.”“Clint would come in off the roof.”“Fury would stop glaring.”“Hey, let’s not get ahead of ourselves, here,” Steve said, and she smiled. It was moments like this, moments of quiet downtime with one or more of his team, that Steve felt like he was finally home. A memory flashed through his aching brain and he winced. “Did we… did I do something called a motorboat to you last night?” he asked.Natasha smiled again, and this time it was terrifying. “Let’s just pretend you still can’t remember, shall we?”Steve’s hangover slunk off in defeat somewhere around early afternoon, and he left Natasha to spend the rest of the day taking out his rage on one of the reinforced punching bags in the Tower’s gym. By dinner, he felt almost normal, although the dark expressions of his team-mates told him he was the only one. Tony was missing, sequestered in his lab until everyone decided that he was welcome again. Despite feeling better than everyone else, Steve still cast a dark thought or two Tony’s way before he fell asleep. Maybe the world would be better off without Tony Stark.--- And somewhere, something smiled, a glint in its eye, and power unfurled. 
As you wish.
--- Steve’s first thought was that his alarm hadn’t gone off. The sun was streaming through his untinted window and Steve felt muggy and strange.  “JARVIS, you didn’t wake me. Why not?”Silence. Steve scrubbed a hand through his hair and sat up. And then flew to his feet. This was not his room in the Tower. The window had flowy curtains shifting in the breeze, and the door was in the wrong place, and there was no gramophone resting on his bureau, a ‘Happy Defrosting-versary’ gift from Tony. Steve grabbed his shield, still at its usual place by his bed, thank God, and started to creep towards the door, ears straining for any noise out of place. Something started chirping shrilly, and he nearly smashed it before he recognised a cell phone vibrating its way along a bedside table. It wasn’t his Starkphone, so it took him a moment to figure out how to answer. “Rogers.”“Steve! Uhh, I mean, Captain Rogers, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Community: avengerkink
quantum!
Tony hates magic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

