Work Text:

Rule 1. All conversations shall include a clear delineation between fictional and nonfictional persons for the benefit of those present whose cultural reference points are displaced in time and/or space.
"You're disappointed," Tony says.Steve says, "No. Of course not."Tony looks at him over the clutter on the workbench. "You are," he says. "I can tell. You have your disappointed face on.""I'm not disappointed," Steve says, in his most disappointed tone. "But... I guess I should have known. It's a bit silly, isn't it?"Tony sets the soldering iron down and rests his elbow on the bench. "Yeah? Why's that? It's not really that farfetched, all things considered.""Maybe not," Steve admits. "But--well, just look at us. My parents are dead. So are yours, and they even left you a vast fortune.""Not quite," Tony says. "They left me a very large fortune. I turned it into a vast fortune.""But it's not just us. Natasha doesn't have any family. I don't think Clint does either, at least nobody he cares to mention. And Bruce's parents... well.""Yeah. Well.""Thor's the only one of us who still has parents.""And look at what a bang-up job they did with their other son."Steve suppresses a shudder. "I'd rather not. My point is--""We should call ourselves the Rampaging Orphans rather than the Avengers?""My point is," Steve says, "we have a grand total of ten dead parents between us, and somehow all of us manage to fight evil every day without once being tempted to dress up like a bat."Tony picks up the soldering iron again. "I'm not sure you're in any position to mock anybody else's costume choices," he says. "You never know--"Then he stops, narrows his eyes, and looks at Steve carefully.Tony can admit it's taken him a while to reconcile his childhood image of his father's Captain America the War Hero with the Steve Rogers the guy who comes down to hang out in his workshop and say things like, "Why haven't you invented a flying car yet?" and "You should build a moon base so people can go to the moon," and "Do you think you could make me a jetpack?" Tony is capable of acknowledging when his expectations on a given topic are not consistent with reality. He can do that.Because the thing he's realized is this: Tony used to hate listening to his father's stories about Captain America. Maybe he loved it when he was little, but by the time he was ten he hated it, and now, many years later, he's beginning to understand why.It's because Howard had always neglected to share the best thing about Steve Rogers. Dear old dad had never once bothered to mention that beneath his painfully square exterior, Steve Rogers is a sneaky little shit with a wicked sense of humor."I can't believe you," Tony says. "I thought we were friends. I thought we were past all of this."The corners of Steve's mouth twitch."But you've been lying to me. To all of us. You let us think that you thought Batman was real for weeks. You asked if you could meet him. You've been stringing us along for your own amusement." Tony puts a hand to his heart. "Captain, I am hurt, but I am also impressed. I had no idea you could be so devious.""Thank you, Mr. Stark," Steve says, and he's smiling for real now, wide and bright. "From you, that's a compliment. But it's your own fault.""Oh, this ought to be good. Why is your shocking and frankly very troubling dishonesty my fault?""For all the hassle you give me about being an old man, you overlooked the fact that I am, in fact, old enough to have read the very first Batman comic when it came out." Steve gets a distant, wistful look in his eyes, but it's not as sad as it could be. "I gotta say, I never would have guessed the crime-fighting detective who dressed up like a bat would be something the world still remembers seventy-five years later."Tony shrugs. "The world likes its caped crusaders. Hey, I bet Clint would go out to fight crime dressed up like a bat if we dared him."He knows it's the right thing to say when Steve's expression changes. Wistful to scheming in half a second flat."Can you make a mask?" Steve asks.Oh, yeah. The real Steve Rogers is so much more fun than the man in Dad's stories.Tony grins. "Already have one."-
Rule 2. All in-house interpersonal disagreements must be settled without resorting to any of the following:

a) excessive violence
b) physical injury requiring medical attention
c) stitches you do yourself still count as medical attention
d) and so do broken bones even if they are very little bones
e) violations of the Geneva Conventions
f) even if you don't get caught
g) retaliatory YouTube uploads and Wikipedia editing
h) even if you make Jarvis do it
i) destruction of property not belonging to any of the disagreeing parties
j) anything involving coins, cards, shell games, darts, dice, rope, boxes for sawing people in half, any object you pretend to stick in somebody's ear and pull out again, or any other opportunity to engage in trickery, sleight-of-hand, confidence tricks, or loaded wagers
k) 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

