Chapter 1: Midnight Conversations
    




Chapter Text
It’s been two weeks since Steve moved into the Tower after three months of unfruitful searches in D.C. It’s been two weeks and the deep frown Steve has never left his face. Darcy felt a little guilty. Okay, she felt A LOT guilty because she knew where her father was hiding. In fact, he was in New York.
She heard from Sam how the two of them searched every inch of what was left of Hydra for any clue as to where Bucky might be and came up with nothing. No sign of him anywhere. Hell, Sam wasn’t even sure if he was still in the country.
 Darcy sighed and looked at Steve who was staring at ceiling of the dim living room. A folder spread open in his lap.
Steve was wearing a shirt and sweatpants, his hair was untamed and there was evidence of sleep in his eyes. It was two am when Darcy went into the kitchen to fetch herself a warm drink and saw him in the next room over.
Darcy bit her bottom lip. It hurt to see the heartbroken look in Steve’s face. He slept for seventy plus years and woke up knowing all of his friends are dead. Darcy thought that maybe Bucky was this ray of hope of Steve that he still had a sense of home.
What broke her heart more is that Steve is so caught up in this wild goose chase to find him that maybe there was nothing of Bucky left, only the Winter Soldier. Darcy didn’t know for sure. She figured that the Winter Soldier was James Buchanan Barnes when SHIELD fell. Of course she knew there was a resemblance between him and Captain America’s bff, but she was never sure. Until she was reading the file Natasha dumped online.
When she was young, she would often hear him mumble out Steve’s name in the night. Whenever he would gaze out of the window and watch the snow fall, he looked like he was in a different place. Darcy calls out his name and he’ll respond in English, with a weird accent Darcy was always curious about. Then he would snap out of it.
Darcy was never really sure if her father was the same man Steve grew up with. She never really knew James Buchanan Barnes, only Yakov Yekmenev. It was the name they gave him, since no one wanted to call him the Soldier when off missions. Maybe her father was still the same man. This has been the longest for him to be out of cryo and the memories might be coming back. They never really talked about Steve, she avoided the topic, afraid he might have a breakdown. Usually her tactic was to let the memories come at their own time. It certainly helped her. 
Well, if she wanted to know if there was a difference between Steve’s bestfriend and the man who was currently hiding out in an abandoned apartment in the Bronx, she has to ask the blond sitting morosely in the red couch.
“Hey soldier.” She nudged his knee with hers, both of her hands holding two cups of coffee.
“Fancy a cup’a’joe?” she asked. Steve beamed at her and her gift. He sat up and took the warm mug.
“Thanks Darce. You’re a godsend.” He said appreciatively. Darcy smiled softly and took a seat beside him. Steve closed his eyes as he gulped down the coffee. Darcy cast her eyes down on the files and documents on his laps. She sees a picture of her father, his eyes wild and his fingers clutching a rifle.
Steve noticed and started shuffling the papers back to its folder. Darcy it was above her clearance then, but she already knew what she wanted to know and thought none of it.
“Sorry but Maria will kick my ass if someone got a look at it.” Darcy shrugged.
She leaned back on the couch and nursed the warm mug in her hands. She mimicked his position earlier and eyed the ceiling.
“Tell me about him.” Darcy asked.
Steve looked back at her, his blue eyes piercing.
“It’s classified.” He mumbled and looked away.
“I meant Bucky. Tell me about Bucky.” She corrected. He looked at her, searching what, Darcy didn’t know. Steve smiled this school boy smiled and damn. Darcy never thought he could look this endearing.
“Well,” he sighed and leaned back. “We met when we were six.” Both of them were now staring at the ceiling, pretending it was a starry night sky in the middle of a forest.
“ ’Was fighting some bullies. I was scrawny back then. I had a hard time fighting them off, you know, asthma was a bitch.” He quirked a smile. Darcy looked at him and he had that same faraway gaze that her father has whenever he has a flashback. It was like he was transported back in time.
“I could only imagine.” She said. Steve chuckled, still engrossed with his day dream.
“Then he came in and we both beat them up until they ran with their tails tucked between their legs.” He said rather proudly.
Then he told her how hard it was for him back in the day, with almost all ailment known to man. He got winded from climbing two flights of stairs, how it was hard for him during the cold winter nights.
“Bucky was always there through all of it. Never left my side since.” Darcy warmed at the thought. That part of him hadn’t changed. Darcy was certain. Her father was always caring, in hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
first fic
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Assassins
Assassins evERYWHERE
Slow Burn
paternal love
Darcy is Bucky's Daughter
Darcy is Natasha's Daughter
Backstory porn
Stable Mental Health ???
what does that mean?
non aou compliant

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

