Work Text:
Everyone he knew was dead. Had been for a long time. That meant only Fury and Coulson, who had his files from boot camp, knew what a tiny, thin, sickly thing Steve used to be. Naturally, there was only one category someone like that could fall into. He remembered vividly the first time he'd had his cycle at fifteen. He had mistaken the warning signs for the onset of yet another bug or virus and only realized what it was when his first heat hit him like a brick wall in he middle of a class. His mom was working and couldn't be reached so he'd had to walk home, a potentially disastrous feat for an Omega in heat. He would've been jumped for sure if it hadn't been for Bucky escorting him home. He was a true friend, stealing a nose clip from the swim team so he wouldn't be affected and swinging at any other alpha that was. Bucky had been exceptionally large for his age, even for an alpha and had no problem defending his friend. If Steve was smart, he would've just gotten it over with and bonded with him. Bucky was more than capable and could have taken care of him. But hindsight was twenty/twenty. And Steve had been too proud. His frail health and past illnesses seemed to cause a fertility problem for him according to the doctors so that was the only heat he'd had to endure. Then he'd met Dr. Reinstein. Omegas were not permitted in the service so it had been their secret. It wasn't in any of his records and only he, Bucky and of course, Steve himself had known. The good doctor had suspected that the serum may restore his reproductive capabilities and had given him a case the night before the procedure. It had contained a large quantity of pre-measured syringes. They had been filled with yet another experimental substance. Reinstein had been working on a hormone suppressant that would change the life of Omegas forever. With this kind of thing available they would no longer be baby factories. They could be free to pursue higher goals in life without disrupting the lives of the alphas and risking a forced bonding. Steve would take a dose at the first of every month and he remained heat cycle free with no noticeable side effects. He was as tall and built as any alpha, the body he'd always wanted, and he was finally serving in the military like he'd dreamed of doing. Things were going his way. And then he'd been frozen. xXxXx Steve sat at the kitchen table, pushing his cereal around the bowl. For some reason he hadn't been very hungry since lunch the previous day. Usually, his super soldier metabolism had him chowing down ridiculous, hungry man portions. Now he didn't even want a Tony portion. Considering Tony only ate every twelve to seventy-two hours - on a good week - that was saying something. “Steven. Why do you not eat? Have you fallen ill,” Thor asked from across the table as he dug into his stack of toaster waffles. Seeing the syrup soaked tower made Steve's stomach churn more. He pushed his bowl away. “Just not hungry I guess.” “Nonsense,” Clint said with a smile. “You're Steve. You're always hungry.” Steve tried to return the beta's smile but it came out looking forced and hollow. Very un-Stevelike. Natasha raised an eyebrow at him, ever suspicious, but said nothing. “Come to think of it,” Bruce chimed in. “Aren't you usually on your morning run about this time?” Steve shrugged his broad shoulders. “I guess skipping dinner last night took its toll. I slept through my alarm.” He stood, clearing his place at the table. For whatever reason, he felt exposed down here with everyone. He really just wanted to get back to his room. “I think I'll go lie down for a bit.” No one stopped him. Steve climbed the stairs to his room quickly, locking the door behind him before he flopped onto the bed. He'd forgotten what getting sick felt like. He hadn't known he even could get sick anymore. Even though there was nothing inside his abdomen felt heavy, as if it were made of lead. Stomach virus? It didn't feel like any stomach virus he'd ever had before. Steve couldn't quite place it, but there was some feeling of familiarity here. Then the heavy feeling became a burning itch. Warmth blossomed from his stomach in a burst and radiated outward to the tips of his fingers and toes. He groaned as all his nerve endings suddenly came alive. His whole body buzzed with pleasant sensations. The cool, softness of the comforter against his skin. The smell of the lavender laundry detergent he used filling his nose. The salty tang of sweat and need that permeated the air. All were amplified ten fold. “No,” he murmured to himself. “No no no no no. Not now. Not here.” But there was no stopping it now. Steve was having his first cycle since that awful day in the eighth grade. He had been just as unprepared for this one. Luckily, the majority of his housemates were betas or bonded. There was only one he needed to avoid and as long as he stayed locked away up here it shouldn't be a problem at all. xXxXx Tony moved carefully, keeping hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Dubious Consent
Mpreg
Knotting
Alpha!Tony
Omega!Steve
Omega Verse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

