Work Text:
"Let's try this again," Fury says, glaring off-screen. "Sorry about that," he tells you stiffly. "The agents here aren't really used to having cameras around. We can reimburse you for the broken equipment.""We're a covert defense association," comes an angry voice, and then Maria Hill's dipping into frame, gun still in hand. The remains of the first camera smolder on the floor of the bridge next to her feet. "Getting caught on video is something we're supposed to avoid.""They're just here to conduct a little internal review on the Council's behalf. There's no need for alarm, just let everyone know to be on their best behavior. Business as usual."Maria sends the camera another suspicious look.  "So, you're here to root out all our dirty little secrets?" Tony loosens his tie and tosses his sneakers on the table. "What do you need to know that isn't already in our Wikipedia articles?"  "No need to be so formal. Just call me Steve." He peers into the lens so closely that his face blurs a little. "Oh, sorry. Anyway—yes, I'd say I'm acclimating well to the future. Everyone's been very helpful and understanding. The other day Clint told me about inception." He looks excited. "Apparently you can go into people's heads while they're asleep and build them specific dreams. Amazing!"  "Cap believes a lot of things," Clint says, idly polishing an arrowhead with his thumb. "He hasn't learned Google yet."  "My room's through here," Steve says, gesturing down one of the hallways. "And this is an armory of sorts, where—oh my God."The glass case that holds Captain America's uniform and shield is filled to the brim with what looks like a bright orange gelatin."Not again," he groans. He cradles his head in his hands. "This is the third time someone's put my things in Jello."  "It honestly wasn't me," Tony says, raising his hands and looking innocent. "Why do people always jump to these conclusions? It's insulting."  "I have no comment on the matter," Bruce tells you. He kicks a thick pumping device further underneath his desk. "I will say that it may or may not have been Clint's idea."  Clint and Tony are boxing in one of the workout rooms on Level 2. "Most of us—spar with each other—when we need to—blow off some steam," Tony explains, punctuating every couple of words with another punch as Clint weaves and bobs around him."Except Bruce," says Clint. "Bruce does like, hot yoga or something. It's intense. The only other person I've seen who can bend that way—besides me—is Natasha.""I bet you and Natasha—have really sweaty, athletic sex," Tony says, a blow glancing off Clint's shoulder."Red light, Stark," Clint warns, but the corner of his mouth pulls up.  Bruce squints up from his monitor. "Yeah, Fury's forced us into a bunch of seminars since we started running regular missions for SHIELD: sexual harassment, cultural sensitivity, et cetera. I'm not sure any of them have taken, though. I think the workplace violence one actually made things worse." He shrugs. "We're living in close quarters on an airship that floats in the middle of the ocean. Most of these people probably know twenty different ways to kill each other with their pinky toes or a couple of well-placed chemicals. They get antsy."  "Oh, no," Natasha says dispassionately. She holds the door open and you follow her into the canteen. "Not again.""Who drank the last of the coffee?" Tony's now dressed in a worn black undershirt and a pair of old slacks. He's covered in grease, brandishing a wrench in one hand and an empty mug in the other, hair a wild mess around his head. Almost everyone else in the room is giving him a wide berth."Calm down," Steve says, reaching for his shoulder.Tony shrugs it off, a hysterical look in his eyes. "Please tell me someone has coffee."  "Caffeine dependency? Did Bruce tell you that?" Tony scoffs. His hands are shaking a little. "He has no idea what he's talking about."  "To be honest, I'm surprised his blood isn't a lethal combination of coffee and alcohol by now," Bruce says, adjusting the focus on his microscope. "He pours about four shots of Baileys into every cup of coffee he drinks."  "Fury's hiding something from us again." Steve keeps sneaking glances at you in the corner of the lab. "I aim to find out what it is."Tony rolls his eyes. "We've been over this, Cap. Fury hides a lot of things from us. Any information he chooses to reveal is on a strictly need-to-know basis."Bruce tilts his head. "So you don't think it's weird he called us here when there doesn't seem to be any sort of impending global disaster?"Tony sighs. "I didn't say that. I just meant—maybe we should be used to it by now.""Maybe it has something to do with the new camera crew following us around," Clint points out, rubbing the tip of an arrow again with a distinctly ominous air.  "Sorry about him," Natasha says. In the background, Clint slouches mulishly on one of the stools as Thor looks after his confiscated quiver. A pile of gooey plastic oozing into 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Slice of Life
Crack
POV Outsider

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

