Work Text:

 I don't want you (to smile to anybody) 

♥ Poster made by Lian//Steve-Tony(Tumblr). ♥   It makes sense for all the active Avengers to live together. The threats to Earth tend to focus down near where the mansion Tony lets them have—whether that just means Manhattan is the weak point of the planet, or their foes are drawn to the Avengers, or Tony somehow managed to build in some sort of universe-nexus-weakness into the walls, no one knows.It's convenient to have them all amassed in one place, and say whatever you want about their crazy chemical makeup or timebomb tendencies, they are a (weird, constructed, dysfunctional) family at the end of the day.A family who regularly (willingly!) wear spandex but balance out that crazy by saving the world a lot.Like any family, there are only certain times they're all in the same room together. Mandatory SHIELD briefings. Occasional press conferences (to take the super out of human, people, make yourself approachable, yes, Stark, I'm talking to you too.) Games night. Apocalypse—preventing battles.But most regularly, (importantly) breakfast.No one quite knows why or when it started (JARVIS knows, but it is more fun to argue and bicker about a date than get a computer to ruin the fun by telling them) but breakfast soon becomes just their thing. It is the only time of day they have peace before the rest of the world starts to interfere. It keeps them bonding as a team. It keeps Bruce fed and therefore less angry than Bruce—with—low—blood—sugar.It is just their thing. The Avengers together with various breakfast foods.Plus whoever Tony brings home with him the night before.
So, no one wants to complain really. The house is technically Tony's and he pays for all their food, so having an extra guest at breakfast is nothing to be churlish about.Steve's met some interesting men and women over the last five years (that particular concept only took a couple of days for Steve to wrap his mind around—people were people at the end of the day, and freedom was what Steve liked most to fight for). Tony never chooses anyone boring or dull (unless it's a Tuesday), and Steve's met politicians and writers and artists and actors, cheerleaders and pilots and athletes and engineers. He knows all their names, even when—he suspects—Tony doesn't.It's a good routine. Breakfast with good company—and sometimes with someone with amazing legs parading around in one of Tony's shirts, and then off to save the day or do whatever else their publicist wants them to do. (SHIELD hired them all publicists. Apparently they needed to appear human. It salved people's rage when they threw Hulk into another public building or a favorite bar or similar.)Anyway. Steve's okay with the rhythm of their life, right up until Lucas. And then Nick. But mostly, it started with Lucas.
The morning that kicks off Nick—gate is like any other. Steve wakes up at 7am, after going to bed at 3am. Goes to the kitchen. Grabs his juice. Sits at the table in the seat with the best view of the window, so he can see danger happening in the city before anyone else. It also has a good view of the corner that Clint likes to sit in.The ceiling corner, that is. It's easy to see why they call him the Hawk.Except, this morning is not like the others. Steve's never been the most alert in the morning unless the word danger is being thrown around, so it takes him a while when he's standing in front of the fridge to notice that his juice isn't there.He blinks, swipes his hand through the space it should be, and blinks some more.He turns slowly to the table, where Natasha is already dissecting an egg—white omelette like she's performing an autopsy, and Bruce is eating his plain bowl of cereal (so he doesn't get too excited) and Clint is already up in the corner with his usual bacon sandwich, and there's a guy sitting in what's normally Tony's chair drinking a glass of juice.Oh. Steve's juice. That's where it is.Steve stares at the fridge, like it might make more juice appear (it isn't an unlikely occurrence in the Avengers mansion—Tony's always leaving new appliances around the place, some which stay, some which disappear, and some which blow up and leave scorch marks) and when it doesn't, he pokes dubiously at the many cartons sitting in the shelves."Um," Steve says, "which one of these is milk?"In his days, milk cartons did exist, but they didn't have spouts and they didn't have children's faces on and they didn't come in so many varieties."Milk," Tony's voice floats in over the top of the fridge, "someone's living dangerously.""That," Steve says, "would be whoever drank my juice.""Oh," says the guy in Tony's chair, "sorry! This is your juice? I'm drinking Captain America's juice. Oh my gosh, I feel so hardcore."Tony's shrugging in apology, and Steve frowns at him, and Tony takes the fridge door from Steve's clenching, juice—deprived hands. "This one," Tony says, handing Steve a brown carton with a screw—lid. Steve takes it, and stares
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Nick Gant

freeform: 
Crossover
Pining
Rating: NC17
Crack

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Nick Gant

