Work Text:
Pepper Potts had held a lot of jobs for Tony Stark over the years, but only if you counted the unofficial ones.  Personal Assistant and CEO, those were jobs she held for StarkIndustries.  Girlfriend didn't really count as a job, neither did nanny, baby-sitter, scapegoat, whipping boy, or unofficial therapist.
Avengers Marriage Counselor was not, under any circumstances, being added to that list.
“Explain this to me,” she said.  
“Well-”
“And explain it to me like you'd explain it to Thor.”
“Okay,” Tony said.
“A drunk Thor,” Pepper said.
There was a long pause.  “I don't have words that small,” Tony said.  “I can, I don't know, make up one of those pictogram things, you know, the ones that come with IKEA furniture?”
“How would you know what comes with IKEA furniture?” Pepper asked.  “You would get hives just stepping inside an IKEA.”  There was a long, drawn out silence.  “Tony.”
“What.”
“You didn't.”
“You can stop talking now, this has nothing to do with what I'm calling about, this is why I dislike talking to you, there's always something-”
“You went to IKEA?”
The silence was telling.
“You.  Went to IKEA.”
“We've established this, yes, can we please move on now?”
“What possible reason would you have to go to IKEA, Tony?”
There was a long, drawn out inhale, and Pepper regretted the question before he even started talking.  “Because Steve likes to do things as a team that don't involve explosions or potential injury to people's spinal columns, so sometimes he makes us all do things, which would be fine if he let me chose what we should do, it's my city, after all, my money, I know how to have fun.  But no, he insists that we, I don't know, trade off on choosing what to do, and some elderly woman on the subway told Thor that he could get loganberry jam at IKEA, and as it turns out, Thor considers loganberry jam to be the best thing ever.”
Pepper cut him off with brutal efficiency.  “Why was Thor on the subway?”
“Thor loves the subway.  Loves it.  He'll ride around all day down there if we let him, and sometimes, honestly?  We let him.  Clint goes with him occasionally, records the whole thing, it's...  It's like performance art, except none of the performers know that they're performing, so it's extra delicious.”  Tony paused.  “I put my foot down on spending hours riding around in the subway.  No.  Not a chance.  But some nice old lady started talking to Thor in Swedish, and hey, Allspeak, so they were bestest buddies by the time they got to the Lincoln Center stop.  And she somehow convinced him to go to IKEA.”
“And now Steve's not talking to you?  What did you do in IKEA?” Pepper asked.
“Nothing, Pep, try to keep up, you're the one that brought IKEA into it, and really, if you haven't heard about the meatball incident, I'm under an NDA, so yeah.”
Pepper dropped her head into her hands.  “Tony.”
“Yes?”
“Why isn't Steve Rogers speaking to you?”
There was a beat of silence. 
“I swear I will hang up this phone, Anthony Edward Stark.  I have a company to run, and I don't care about your problems anyway.  So let's be clear here.  Why is the nicest human being on Earth currently refusing to speak to you?”
Tony sighed.  “You know how I have a small habit of occasionally sending Steve to the store for products that might not, in the purest technical sense, exist?”
“Oh, God,” Pepper said.
“Well, I may have gone a little too far.”
“Which means you've done something horrible.  Tony.  What did you do?  What did you do to the kindest, most decent, most honorable man you have ever, and will ever meet?”
“When you put it that way, it just sounds bad,” Tony said.
“TONY!”
“Fine, fine!  So you know how I, well, would occasionally stretch the truth about the existence of certain goods just to see if he'd try to get them for me?”
“You mean, how you'd make up fake jingles and sometimes boxes so you could lie to his face?  Yes, I'm aware.  I'm also aware that I told you to stop doing that.”
“Pepper-”
“No, seriously, I'm not sure why you think that gaslighting the poor man is acceptable, but-”
“Pepper, he knows I'm lying.  He knows it.  He looks me right in the face, and every feature he's got, every blink, every twitch, every poker tell in the world is screaming that he knows I'm lying.  He has no poker face, Pepper.  He knows I'm lying.  He's just too polite to say it.  Which is why I had to keep, you know giving him more evidence.  And then when he came home and gave me a box of prunes or something, or bopped me on the head with a bag of coffee beans, that was our little bonding ritual.”
“The bonding ritual where you deliberately lie to him and send him on a wild goose chase that involves humiliating himself in public on your behalf?”
A beat of silence, and Pepper rubbed her forehead.  “Well, when you put it like that it just seems like a bad idea,” Tony said at last.
“Yes.  That's because it is, Tony.  It's a horrible idea, it's not a bonding ritual, it's a hazing ritual, and you're an asshat.”
“Okay, I'm going to le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
Author has mental issues
Calcifer is Not Allowed To Help
Tony Makes Poor Choices
comeuppance
Poker Face (Gotta Have One)
Pepper is More Subtle About Her Drinking Problems
Pepper's Drinking Problem is Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

