Work Text:
In retrospect, Steve really should have guessed that Tony's so-called "strategy session" was just an excuse to get them all drunk. The last time Tony willingly attended a team meeting—okay, so that was never. It takes about three seconds once they're assembled for Tony's business-like expression to transform into the all-too-familiar gotcha grin, and out come the bottles of whiskey.Steve could perhaps blame his own naïve optimism for the fact that he's stuck playing the most embarrassing game ever invented, but it's far more satisfying to blame Tony.Never have I ever given a blowjob in the middle of a high-speed chase, never have I ever been arrested while actually wearing clothes, never have I ever created an animatronic version of Director Fury and sold it on eBay, never have I ever had sex with the entire New York Rangers hockey team. By the time they've all taken a turn, Steve is the only one whose shot has gone untouched.It's still sitting there in front of him after round three. By all rights, Steve should be the only one even remotely sober—somehow that would make him feel better—but no one is slurring so much as a syllable. Whiskey is little more than water to Thor, and Bruce has a gamma-fired metabolism. Natasha is Russian, and Clint has apparently learned to keep up with her. And Tony—well, he's Tony."Never have I ever—" Tony begins round four, dragging out the ever thoughtfully. "Been pegged," he says at last, his smile quick and mischievous. "JARVIS, for those of us perhaps not familiar with the term—""Pegging is a sexual practice in which a woman penetrates a man's anus with a strap-on dildo, Mr. Stark," the computer smoothly replies.Steve blushes so hard it feels as if he's been scalded. For a man who has saved the planet on more than a few occasions, he sure does have a lot of never-evers in his life, quite a few of them things he's never even heard of before.No one else appears to share this problem. Bruce and Clint nonchalantly throw back their shots.Thor's eyebrows knit together in perplexity. "If one's brother was in female guise when this pegging took place—" He shrugs and drinks and slams his glass down onto the table with almost more gusto than the wood can withstand. "A most excellent game!"Natasha raises an eyebrow at Tony."Okay, fine. I lied." He drinks too, with a smug little smile."Never have I ever been more embarrassed," Steve mutters under his breath.Everyone else cheerfully downs their shots.It's not entirely surprising when one of his team turns up to help him mark a few of those never-evers off his list. These are people who love a challenge, and Tony had once suggested a pool to see who could be the first to besmirch Captain America, as he so charmingly put it.What Steve isn't expecting is—"Miss Romanov." He drops his gym bag at his feet with a dull thud.If he could stop himself from staring slack-jawed, he certainly would. It feels terribly impolite. But he can't stop, not with her sitting there on the edge of his bed, relaxed and waiting and really very, uh, curvy in that little black dress she's wearing."Steve."He doesn't think she's ever called him by name before. Not that he can remember. But then most of their conversations consist of Incoming! and Can you hold them off? and Duck!. It doesn't leave much room for getting personal."What—um—is there—" He trips over his own tongue, and his skin feels suddenly hot and way too tight. He knows he's turning a beety shade of red. On a three-mile run, he doesn't work up much of a sweat, but just having Natasha in his room, watching him with careful calculation, makes him feel instantly damp under the arms, perspiration beading on the back of his neck.She gets to her feet and starts toward him, with assassin stealth, barefoot, hips a smooth glide, no wasted motion. It must be the last thing her targets ever see—if they see her at all. Should that really be arousing? Steve doesn't know. He sweats a little harder.It gets a lot trickier to breathe when she stops in front of him, so close he can feel the warmth of her body through the thin cotton of his T-shirt. He can't honestly say that he's never thought about her. He's got a long list of never-evers, not a vision problem. Sometimes, he'll watch her out of the corner of his eye, not to ogle, just to appreciate: the curve of her neck as she bends over a report, the flex of muscle in her arms when she spars with Clint, her cipher smile that he doesn't quite know how to decode.She doesn't remind him of Peggy, not in her details anyway—there were no shadows in Peggy, no unspeakable secrets. But he does feel the same kind of wonder whenever he looks at Natasha, a thrilling amazement that someone so small and so lovely can be so formidable."You don't have to," he blurts out, even though, God, she's so close, and she smells so good, and he really— "I wouldn't want, not if you're just being nice, if you don't really want—"He has no idea what he's saying.And then he's not saying
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Besmirching
Drinking Games
Loss of Virginity
Team Bonding
Heterosexual Sex
Oral Sex
Porn

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

