Work Text:
     Nobody was coming to take his order.Bucky tongued the dent inside his cheek before he realized he was doing it and stopped, glancing nervously around the room. People were calmly drinking their coffee, chatting, laughing. He wasn’t sure what to do.He wasn’t quite used to this place yet; he had only been there for a week. An incredibly cheerful senior with worryingly white teeth had given him the tour on his first day, telling him that he could call her anytime he wanted if he needed help and don’t be afraid to talk to people and here was his planning for this semester and had he caught up on Game of Thrones yet and what a beautiful day it was today, didn’t he think so?He did think so. The campus was gorgeous, with old brownstone buildings and a crisp chilly smell in the air, and trees with red and orange and yellow leaves, which somehow looked more vivid than the ones in Romania. Everything is bigger in America. Bucky hadn’t expected the sky to be bigger, too; but it was fucking huge. Several times a day, Bucky would catch himself stopping in the middle of the road and just staring up at the sky. Why the hell was it so big? The sky should have been the same everywhere. Right? When he’d called his mother at the beginning of the week to tell her about it, she’d said it was because Romania had more hills to block out the horizon. Romania wasn’t made only of hills, though; but even on flat land, Bucky had never paid much attention to the sky. Here, though—it was all he could see, and he was getting a bit tired of walking into trash cans.So, yeah, he wasn’t quite used to America yet. He’d been there before, for a week or two at a time—holidays. He’d watched a few series, knew about a few shows, followed a few blogs. He’d thought he already knew the place. But living there was just not the same; the differences between then and now were just beginning to appear, like a big picture slowly coming into focus, pixels dividing into tinier and tinier details.Before leaving, he’d downloaded three Bruce Springsteen albums in his iPod, in what was supposed to be an ironic gesture; but then he hadn’t been able to stop listening to it. He listened to Born in the USA and to The Rising, and he chewed on the dent inside his right cheek when he didn’t pay attention, and he did his best to smooth out his accent and go to his classes.But he’d been sitting at this table for over fifteen minutes and nobody was coming to take his order.The worst thing was that he was beginning to feel like people were watching him. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He wasn’t going to call the girl—Darcy? Had that been her name? Like the dude in that Austen novel?—because he really didn’t want this to sound like a coffee date. Also, he didn’t want to ask for help about fucking coffee. He wasn’t some idiot tourist, goddammit. His father was American born and bred. Of course, considering the circumstances, it wasn’t really a comforting thought.Twenty minutes. The guy behind the counter looked right at him, raised an eyebrow, then smirked and turned away as though he wasn’t his problem. Maybe he was busy right now, Bucky thought without much conviction. But everyone around him had their coffee already. It was a slow afternoon and no one had come in since Bucky had sat down. He swallowed and shifted again in his seat. He was pretty sure the two guys sitting at the table facing him were trying not to smirk. The girl behind him had just huffed a laugh. They couldn’t be really laughing at him—he had to be paranoid. Right?The door jingled open and a skinny guy came in. Bucky’s eyes jumped to him with more relief than he wanted to admit to himself—maybe he could just watch how it was done. And then he could pretend he’d just been casually sitting there deciding what to drink. Good times. Nothing to see here.Fuck, this guy was tiny. He was unwrapping a huge scarf from his neck, the kind of horrid wool python only a mother would make. It wasn’t even that chilly outside, but he was wrapped like a Christmas present, layers on layers on layers—a large leather jacket sagging around his skinny frame, a checkered shirt, a thick pullover. He was wearing huge black-rimmed glasses, and his floppy blond hair kept getting in his eyes. He wasn’t much, really, so Bucky was surprised to realize the attention of the room had been diverted to him.Tiny Dude looked up and met a few gazes with an oddly defiant stare, until he was looking right at Bucky. His eyes were very, very blue, and his lips incredibly pink.Too late, Bucky realized he was staring at him like a creep, and quickly looked away. In the corner of his eye, he could see the small guy look at him for a second longer, then huff and stomp towards the counter.“Hey!” he said, so loud the entire room stopped pretending they weren’t listening to fully turn towards him. Bucky guessed that meant he could look up again as well, and blinked at seeing this tiny shrimp of a guy so rigid with anger.“Do you thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
they're all their characters anyway
don't believe me just watch
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Romanian!Bucky
Deaf Clint Barton
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Protective Natasha
Social Media
Harassment
Sexual Assault
Prostitution
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
d/s dynamics
Kink Negotiation
Coming Out
Panic Attacks
Unsafe Sex
Fluff and Angst
Steve Rogers WILL KICK YOUR ASS
Steve Rogers WILL KICK ANYONE'S ASS
Steve Rogers WILL KICK HIS OWN ASS
Bucky loves him anyway
Marvel Cameos
Fucking Starbucks! How Do They Work?

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

