Work Text:
It doesn't start innocently. It doesn't start innocently at all; the best that can be said is that it doesn't start intentionally.Tony doesn't have great time-sense, definitely not a necessity when you're an engineer, also what he has Jarvis for, but Steve rode him for a good long time, almost unnecessarily long. Steve kept getting all the way to the edge and slowing down, and if he were a lesser man, Tony's fingernails might have actually cut him where they clutched at his thighs.Tony finally comes, so hard that it's like an epiphany- and Tony has a lot of epiphanies, so he knows what he's talking about. His eyes drift shut for a moment as Steve rolls off him, laying next to him. Tony's dripping sweat, his hair matted down with it, his neck almost itching from the way it's starting to dry. "Jesus Christ," Tony says."Tony," Steve chides, which is kind of adorable.He opens his eyes again, grinning at Steve; it's not until then that he notices something strange. "You're not sweating.""Well, no," Steve says. "I have to get in a really hard work-" He cuts himself off.Tony pushes himself up on his elbow. "No, please," he says. "Continue your thought.""I didn't mean it like that," Steve says, and he may not be sweating, but he's blushing fit to beat the band."That wasn't hard enough for you?" Tony says incredulously."It's just that I can take a lot-" His eyes go wide. "That's not what I meant either.""It presents an interesting challenge," Tony says, and now he's gone off into science mode- different from sex mode, except when science turns him on, which is often enough that they've had to make "no sex in the lab" rules. He's sketching models in his head, ideas about body temperature and effort expended, etc. "I'll see what I can do."Steve looks extremely skeptical, and it's really hard to blame him. "Um, okay.""Don't worry about a thing," Tony tells him. "I'm an idea person."--Contrary to its popular definition, Occam's Razor dictates that complex solutions should be whittled down to their simplest form, ditching unknown for known, whereupon everything can go back on up to the big stuff.Complex: Steve can't get no satisfaction, and there are hundreds of variables that may be at work, none of which are obvious.Simple: Ditching all those unknown variables, it remains clear that, while the amount available is truly magnificent, there's only so much Tony to go around.Solution: Add more people until goal is reached.Luckily, it just so happens that Tony's got a pretty big address book, and he flips right open to the P's.If it were up to Tony, he'd just climb into bed with one of them and call the other one over; that's been very effective in the past, easy to solicit everyone's opinion very quickly. Unfortunately- fortunately in every other regard- those days are more or less behind him.This one is going to take finesse. Tony can finesse.Pepper is in the kitchen, making a sandwich and minding her own business- but if you live at Stark Tower, your business is Tony's business, so it doesn't count. "Hey," she says, giving him one of her gorgeous smiles, the kind that make him want to tie her to the bed and drag her to the altar in equal measure, even though he's not really into either kind of bondage.She puts her head back down, focusing on the peanut butter or whatever; it's a critical error, because then Tony's behind her, trapping her between him and the counter, kissing the back of her neck, pushing her ponytail sort of ineffectually out of the way with his nose. "How is my favorite woman," he kisses her again, "in the known universe," another kiss, followed by spitting hair out, "doing today?"She turns in his arms, kissing him properly; she tastes like grape jelly, and it's incredibly endearing, despite the fact that he likes raspberry- at least he's learned not to keep strawberry in the house anymore. She's in a mood today, because she doesn't waste much time in getting her hands onto his ass and pulling him close. When they part, she gives him that 'fond but not fucking around' look she's so good at. "You want something from me.""Apparently, you do too," he says, stealing another kiss. "But there is a chance I came in here for a reason.""Spit it out.""I was kind of wondering if you wanted to have sex with Steve."She cocks her head, looking at him. "Is this a trick question?""Not any more than anything else I ask you.""You need to be more specific," she tells him. "I'm not just going to say yes or no. That could mean 'Are you attracted to Steve?' or 'Would you have sex with Steve behind my back?' or 'Do you want to have sex with Steve with my blessing?'."One of the reasons Tony keeps Pepper around, one of the main reasons she runs his company, is her thoroughness and attention to detail; usually great, but not that conducive to planning a three-way. "Do you want to have sex with me and Steve?" he clarifies."Oh," she says, looking a little startled. This thing they've got worked out- Pepper worked it out, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
You heard me
Why Is This So Long?
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Threesome - M/M/F
Orgy
Gangbang
Pile On Steve
Military Fetish
Dom/sub Undertones
IDK People Call Clint Sir That's It
Clint Barton: King of the Bed
And Then It Got Out of Hand
Misuse of Occam's Razor
There Is No Polite Way to Say Sloppy Seconds
Safer Sex
I Love You All
Suits
Garters and Stockings Mmm
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Plot What Plot
Spoilers
Fix-It

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

