Work Text:
The wishing stones were a strange magical artifact of unknown origin and the product of a long, messily executed mission. Natasha put herself in charge of their containment and by virtue of being the scariest person on a team of demigods and rage monsters, no one fought her on it. They left the stones in her capable hands and allowed her to make the call on what should be done with them.So it was only Natasha that knew about it when one of the stones went missing.“JARVIS,” she said, frowning down at the small, metallic chest that should have held four stones but that now only held three. “Lockdown the building as quietly as you can.”She had just checked on them before dinner and if there was any chance that the perpetrator was still in the building, she didn’t want them getting out or getting spooked.When JARVIS acknowledged her request, she locked the chest again and then set out to find Steve.It wasn’t that she didn’t trust the others. It was just that she and Steve had been working together closely for a few years now and he had a finesse to him that Barton didn’t quite possess in close combat. Steve would be able to help her strategize a plan to sweep through Stark Tower quietly--and more importantly,  quickly--just in case the stone had already been taken out of the building.It was late, she realized as she walked through his darkened living room. He was probably already sleeping. She felt bad about waking him, but she thought he’d mind being kept out of the loop more.“Rogers,” Natasha said as she pushed her way into Steve’s bedroom. “We have a situation. Have you seen --  oh.”She stopped short.Behind her, she knew, was the sleek, expansive space of Steve’s apartment in Stark Tower; filled to the brim with the latest gadgets and sturdiest furniture Stark could find for his favorite super-soldier.The door to Steve’s bedroom, however, was a gateway to a completely different time and place.She was now in a dilapidated one-room apartment, all gnarled floorboards and sparse, decrepit furniture. Chipped dishes sat on a drying rag beside the sink. An impossibly old radio sat on the kitchen counter and though she somehow knew that it was playing a soft song in the background, she could make out neither the tune nor the words.The colors here were neutral and muted, faded like a photograph, but undeniably warm - creams and beiges and browns - whereas the colors behind her were cold, detached; blues and grays, icy whites.Natasha had never been inside Steve’s bedroom but she knew that it wasn’t supposed to look like this. Perhaps the wishing stone wasn't as far from home as she’d feared.In the middle of the room was Steve but not Steve as she had always known him. It was the Steve of the 1930s, the Steve of before. Small and gauntly thin, wearing clothes far too big for him. He was standing on his toes, fists clenched tightly in the uniform of one Sergeant James Barnes as they shared a fervent, hungry kiss.A voice came from her right: “He’d just gotten back from basic.”Big and broad-shouldered, Steve of the 21st century sat in an armchair that was too clean and too new for this setting. His knees were drawn up to his chest, hugging them tightly as he watched the couple in the apartment. Something about the expression on his face made her heartache, but it was his tone that made her step fully into the room and close the door behind her.Steve hardly noticed at all. He never even spared her a glance.“He’d been gone for weeks,” he continued, his explanation the only indication that he knew she was there and that he didn’t mind her presence, for whatever reason. “The first time since we met that we’d ever been apart for more than a few days. Felt like a lifetime.”“Buck,” gasped the smaller version of Steve Rogers. Natasha looked away from her Steve to turn her attention on the couple again.Barnes had one arm tight around Rogers’ middle, holding him close, and a hand shoved down the back of his pants. Whatever he was doing there - and she had a few good ideas - Rogers loved it.“You feelin’ okay?” Barnes asked. There was something in the question that made her think he wasn’t talking about what his fingers were doing.A list of Rogers’ ailments before the serum flitted quickly through her mind and she realized that he must have been sick quite often. Barnes was worried about his health.“I’m fine,” Rogers said, exasperated, and then made an exultant sound into Barnes’ mouth. “Fuck, fuck. You gotta stop, you gotta--we  can’t  yet, it’s still--oh god,  Bucky.”“Don’t care,” Barnes hissed, barely above a whisper. “Don’t fuckin’ care, Stevie. Gotta have you. Can I?”Rogers didn’t answer, just pulled him closer. Their mouths met again in another frantic kiss. Barnes didn’t stop what he was doing.Natasha tilted her head, curious. Steve swore easily as if he did it often, and that surprised her. She’d never heard him curse before.“Back then,” Steve said from the armchair, his voice flat and clinical. “You kept your... pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Voyeurism
Light Angst
Anal Sex
Slight Handwaving
Internalized Homophobia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

