Work Text:
Matt has loved the boy with the bumblebee blanket since the day he was born. Matthew Michael Murdock is, in fact, born six minutes before Franklin “Bumblebee Blanket” Gregory Nelson at Sacred Heart Hospital. They are placed in cribs next to each other, alphabetical order M next to N, and when a nurse comes to check on them she is surprised to find that the two baby boys have rolled onto their sides and are staring at each other. They are both beaming. Everyone thinks that the two baby boys are extremely well-behaved, smiling and laughing at every little thing and never making a peep of complaint. They never whine, they never sniffle, and they never cry. Then the Murdocks and the Nelsons come to take their sons home, and all hell breaks loose. As soon as the two boys are out of sight from each other, both of them open their mouths at the same time and start wailing. The parents are terrified that something has gone wrong and rush back into the hospital. On the way they rush past each other, and both stop dead when the babies abruptly stop crying and start cooing instead. They are marginally reassured, and begin to head home again. A moment later, the wailing begins anew. Sure something is wrong this time, they hurry back the way they came and rush past each other again. The sobbing stops. It takes three more repetitions of this phenomenon for them to put it together. They carefully step closer to each other and hold out the babies. Matt Murdock grabs Franklin Nelson’s bumblebee blanket-covered hand and giggles. Franklin Nelson sighs happily and snuggles closer. The parents decide to exchange numbers.  Matt is one year old the first time he gives Foggy a ring and asks Foggy to marry him. “Love Bee.” Matt chirps. He can’t quite say Franklin Gregory Nelson yet, so he has made the brilliant invention of ‘Bee’ instead, based on the many bee-themed toys, blankets and jammies Foggy wears. It sounds much better anyway. ‘Bee’ was, in fact, Matt’s first word, followed closely by ‘love’. They’re the only words he’s said in a month. Foggy’s first word was ‘Matty’, and his second was ‘more’. He uses ‘more’ to cleverly ask for anything in the world, and his adoring parents will get it for him. Food, toys, hugs—but most of all? More Matty. Foggy beams and rolls over towards Matt, and Matt very solemnly holds out his teething ring. It is his favorite teething ring in the whole world, but Foggy is his favorite everything in the whole world, so he should have the ring. It makes sense. Foggy takes the ring with wide eyes and immediately sticks it in his mouth. Matt giggles and claps his hands. “Matty.” Foggy agrees happily. “More.” Matt technically did not ask for Foggy to marry him, and Foggy technically did not say yes, and neither of them technically remembers this moment later. However, a ring was offered, and a ring was accepted, and true love was declared. So it basically counts.  Matt is nine years old the first time he remembers giving Foggy a ring and asking Foggy to marry him. “Will you marry me, Bumblebee?” He asks, and is immensely proud of his suave and smooth delivery. He doubts any storybook prince or starstudded actor could have done better “Sure.” Foggy says brightly, humming happily as he takes a bite of his Twinkie. Matt bought it for him from the vending machine to butter him up, the longest distance he's ever walked alone since the world went dark and caught on fire, and it appears to be working perfectly. It’s a yes! “Great.” Matt sighs, relieved. “Fantastic. We’ll be really happy together.” He promises, and Foggy nods agreeably. “Uh-huh.” He concurs, and Matt hears the cheerful chewing sounds that mean Foggy is nibbling again on his Twinkie. Matt grins—such a good investment, totally worth spending all of this week’s pocket money. “Why are we getting married?” “I need you to be my emergency contact.” Matt explains earnestly. “They wouldn’t let you in to see me for ages.” Three whole days. Practically a lifetime. Foggy hasn’t left his side since, a whole month of daily visits, but those three days feel like three years. “And they wouldn’t let you ride in the ambulance with me.” “I’m sorry. I really did want to.” Foggy says, and he sounds incredibly guilty. Matt shakes his head, reaching out to take his hand. “It’s okay.” He comforts Foggy kindly. “But if I’m your husband, they'll have to let you ride in the ambulance with me, and they’ll probably give you free food.” He’s not sure this last part is technically true, but Matt will buy Foggy free food if it means Foggy will marry him. All the Twinkies in the world. Foggy hums thoughtfully. “More Twinkies.” He muses. “And more Matty.” Matt nods eagerly. “This is the best idea ever!” Foggy breathes admiringly, and Matt nods again. “I know, right?” He enthuses. “We’ll be the best husbands in the world. Do you mind having the wedding in a church? Dad’s big on that kind of thing.” Matt's big on that kind of thing too, although it's embarrassing to admi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Childhood Friends
Pining
Engagement

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

