Chapter 1





Chapter Text



THERE IS only one professor of Superheroism in the United States, possibly in the world, although she prefers the term Metahuman Studies. Dr. Joan-Marie Provone has a lot to say about the emergence of real life genre superheroes, the history of comic book heroism, and way society treats the Avengers now, as well as the way it may react to them in the future. But one remark she made in a recent interview about the Avengers stands out.
"Superheroes are tasked with the unusual, the epic, the overscale," she said. "In the meantime, there isn't much for them to do. And it behooves us to remember that nature abhors a vacuum. The frequency of overscale events is likely to rise in direct correlation with the number of overscale individuals present to combat it."
In other words, the more superheroes you get, the more supervillains start appearing.  
Even so, nobody's liable to ask Captain America, on whose image the "super hero" comic book genre was founded, to leave New York just yet.
 
"I hate these sons of bitches," Clint said over the comm, as he rained hell down on the pair of men who had Steve cornered. The arrows bounced harmlessly off one of them, but an explosive caught the other one in the back and blew him flat. "Can we please finally take them down? They're ruining my morning commute."
"To where?" Tony asked. The last Steve knew, he'd been about a block north, trying to hold the perimeter around the bank. "Where exactly are you commuting, Hawkeye?"
"I have places to go, people to see," Clint insisted.
"They blocked off the street to his favorite bakery," Natasha put in.
"Oh man, no carrot muffins? I was looking forward to carrot muffins," Sam added, and Steve smiled. 
"Carrot muffins after bad guys," he said. 
"That's cool, they're worth it," Sam replied. 
Tony ignored the discussion of muffins as if baked goods were beneath him, when Steve knew they absolutely were not. "Okay also? This guy has a giant iron ball covered in spikes on a chain, and I am not sure how to deal with that."
"Shoot him in the face," Natasha suggested. 
"Thor, behind you," Sam added. 
"These men have no honor," Thor roared.
There were eight of them, or at least, there had been eight of them at the last two bank robberies; less than eight were still standing after the Avengers mobilized against them during the third. They called themselves the Wrecking Crew, and Steve really, really hated them. They had heavily reinforced body armor of some kind, at least two of them were strong enough that they had to have some kind of biological enhancements, and they were bank robbers. 
It just struck him as so terribly unimaginative. 
These men could be heroes. They could be Avengers, with time and training. And at least, though he never wished for terrorists, if you were going to be a bad guy you might as well go for broke. Bank robbery was beneath them; it was a waste of their power, and it showed a petty turn of mind that was almost more offensive than the theft itself.
A large green hand swung down from above, and the second guy who'd had Steve pinned was swept away in a blur of motion that said the Hulk was getting tired of toying with them.
"Oh, hey," Tony said suddenly, sounding genuinely startled. "Your pal's here, Cap."
"My who now?" Steve asked.
"Well, someone just swung past me in blue tights and a red face mask."
"Hey! I see him!" Sam called, sounding delighted. 
"Oh man, Spider-man's here?" Clint asked. "Where? I'm collecting urban legends. Falcon, come get me, I wanna see him."
"Focus," Steve said, disarming the fella that Clint's arrow had knocked unconscious. He kicked him over onto his back and set to work, bending a handy bit of rebar around his wrists. This wasn't one of the enhanced ones, at least he thought not. It'd probably hold him. For good measure, he took the man's helmet and plonked it down on his own head, on top of his cowl.
"That's a good look for you," Natasha said, as Steve joined her in the little plaza in front of the bank. "Civilians are all out, bank's locked tight, but if they can just push through walls that's not going to matter."
"Hawkeye got one, Hulk's got one -- " Sam said, spotting from above. 
"I have two down, here," Tony said. "One of them's a heavy hitter. He's not gonna stay down for long."  
"Uh, Spider-man got one but then he disappeared," Clint said. 
"It looks like he took a hit," Sam agreed.
"That leaves three -- " there was a roar and the sound of a hammer colliding with metal, " -- two," Steve corrected.
"One," Thor said in a satisfied voice.
"What did you do?" Tony asked.
"I struck a man with my hammer. He struck his brother with his body."
"Either of them one of the heavies, Thor?" Steve asked.
"No. One remains."
"Anyone seen Hulk?"
"I've got a bead," Tony replied. "He's, ah, he's boxing with our last baddie."
"Okay. Let's get everything secured. Widow, Falcon, go help Iron Man keep his down. Hawkeye -- "
"I'll coordinate pickup with NYPD, they're on their
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Returns
Canon-Typical Violence
manmade disaster
Hydra (Marvel)
Museums
Journalism
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
None
