Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time it happened, the Avengers had just returned from battle and Tony was exhausted. Running on the remaining adrenaline alone, he’d headed upstairs to the relative peace of his room, to have a drink and crawl into bed, as he so often did after a particularly gruelling fight.
However, what he didn’t expect to find is Loki waiting for him, still clad in his leather armour, although that damn helmet is nowhere in sight. Before Tony can protest or even ask what he is doing there, Loki pounces - locking their lips in a furious kiss. Tony’s mind is going haywire, running every possible scenario in which this could happen, and even asking himself if he’d missed something. As Loki works his tongue inside Tony’s mouth, he finds that he doesn’t actually care what’s going on and he decides to enjoy it while he can.
Returning the kiss as best as he can, fighting Loki for dominance, he flinches as his back hits the wall and he has enough presence of mind to lock the door before they find themselves in a rather embarrassing predicament. Tony pulls away from the demanding lips just long enough to tangle his fingers in that soft, raven hair and tug, hard. Loki groans, low in his throat, as Tony attacks the pale skin of his throat with lips and teeth and none of that finesse he was renowned for in bed. But dammit Loki had appeared with no warning and he tastes cold like ice and if he enjoys the downright sinful noises that escape from the god – well, no one needs to know.
Loki growls, planting his hands on Tony’s shoulders, shoving, and as Tony’s head hits the wall with a dull thud, Loki reclaims the shorter man’s lips in a kiss that is all teeth and underlying anger that is almost fading into the lust that Tony had felt ever since that day in the tower – ever since those impossibly long fingers had wrapped around his neck and hurled him through the window.
Tony’s hands scramble across the armour-clad expanse of Loki’s chest – desperately seeking for a zip, a clasp, anything to feel bare skin underneath calloused fingers. He feels Loki smirk against his lips, before sensing a vague gesture being made and suddenly both of their clothes are gone and wonderfully cool skin is exposed to Tony’s wandering hands.
Pulling away from the kiss – after all, air is somewhat of a necessity – Tony pushes Loki back until he falls onto the grey silk sheets of Tony’s bed. He scrambles backwards, giving Tony room to straddle his hips and hover above the other man. Pausing, Tony admires the god laid out underneath him – the expanse of pale skin wrapped around a subtly muscular frame and the fan of the dark eyelashes over the angular jut of his cheekbones and the way his hair spread out on the pillow like a dark halo. Tony just has to laugh at the irony of that, but the chuckle catches in his throat as Loki’s eyes snap open – green pinning brown with a look that contains an unidentifiable spark and a deep, gnawing hunger that makes Tony nervous at the same time as turning him on even more.
A shiver runs down his spine when kiss-swollen lips tell Tony, ‘When you are quite done staring at me, Stark, I’d rather like you to fuck me.’ The hoarse, lust-ravaged voice combined with the explicit statement and the way that accent curls around ‘fuck’ has Tony nodding and reaching over to dig in a bedside drawer for the bottle of lube.
Throwing it onto the bed beside Loki, Tony reaches down to join their lips again, briefly, and then begins a path across his jaw and down his neck, along his collar bone and down, stopping to suck on one nipple, while playing with the other one with calloused fingers, savouring the noises Loki makes as Tony gently bites down before soothing the area with his tongue. Tony carries on his journey downward, sucking marks into intolerably pale skin that just begs to be marred with bruises and the kind of possessive marks Tony likes to make. Tony marvels at the way that biting down, hard, on Loki’s inner thigh makes the god arch his back in a desperate attempt to gain friction on his aching cock. Tony grabs the lube and covers his fingers, tracing the vein up Loki’s cock with his tongue as he slips the first finger inside.
Loki is almost whimpering now, and he looks so incredibly vulnerable that Tony couldn’t help but stop and wonder why this is happening – why Loki randomly appeared in his room, what path led him here. Then Loki looks at him and makes an impatient noise and Tony focuses on the task at hand again, adding a second finger and thrusting them, opening Loki’s body. A third finger slips easily inside and Loki is moaning now, a near silent litany of ‘fuck’ and ‘Stark’ and Tony is starting to feel overwhelmed. Removing his fingers, he covers his own length with lube, hissing at the contact on his impossibly hard and until now abandoned cock.
Tony settles between Loki’s legs, hitching one up and onto his shoulder as Loki wraps the other one around his waist and pushes himself up, openi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slash
Romance
Drama

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

