Work Text:
Bucky had had plenty of practice at freezing to death. If he was going to do it one more time--maybe even, he thought wistfully, for the last time--it was nice to be doing it here, under the stars.He wasn't sure where he was. Still somewhere in Antarctica, judging by the crushing cold and the darkness and the whirl of unfamiliar stars. He could see green auroras above him, and the streak of the Milky Way, but there wasn't a bear or a dipper in sight. He'd been with Steve and the others, clearing out a Hydra base a hundred or so miles out from McMurdo, and he'd heard Vision say calmly, "Take cover. Explosion imminent." He'd seen Steve dive into a corner, hunkering behind his shield as he yelled at Vision to explain what the hell that meant. Bucky had been twenty yards away from Steve. He'd turned his head to see what cover he could find on his side and heard the roar, saw the air shimmering ahead of the white-hot blaze blooming toward him, heard Steve yelling something at him.He'd remembered flames and Steve yelling at him to get out and thought, Not without you. He closed his eyes, and when he opened them he was alone in the snow, without a single familiar landmark. His comms didn't work. His phone didn't work. He had a feeling Wanda had magicked him out of the way somehow, but clearly her aim had been a little wild.He'd written Good try, kid, on his left arm. He'd had to use blood, since he didn't have anything to write with and if he did it would have frozen solid by now. He didn't want her thinking she'd killed him; she'd just given him an hour or so of reprieve to lie here and watch the stars. It wasn't so bad, freezing to death. It didn't really hurt anymore. He was at the part where he just felt sleepy. Even more important than making sure Wanda didn't feel too bad, though, Bucky had written the message for Steve. It was the kind of thing Steve would like, to know that Bucky had spent a few of his last minutes on earth trying to reassure the kid who killed him. It would make Steve think that he had died good, that he had died Bucky. He couldn't really carry off the role while he was up and walking around--not well enough to stop Steve flinching away from him all the time, trying not to look directly at him. Steve couldn't seem to stand to be alone in a room with him anymore, so Bucky never had a chance to even ask what he was doing wrong. He'd never been able to figure it out, but it wouldn't matter in a few more minutes. He was really warm now. That was good. It was almost over when he started feeling too hot. He fumbled at the catches of his jacket--not much protection against cold anyway, they'd left all their cold weather gear in the quinjet. Snow was already sneaking in around his arm, and the metal components in his left side had gone cold first thing. He'd have frostbite on his bones by the time they found him. If they ever found him. Antarctica was a fucking big place, and it was a pretty safe bet any tracker on him had died along with all his other gear. It was a miracle his arm still worked.That was all right, though. Nothing hurt, and he was warm, and he could see the stars. There was no glass covering his face, just the open sky and the quiet. It was always quiet when he froze to death.No, someone was yelling.Far away, though. Outside the tank. Not his problem until they took him back out. In here he was safe, closed in. Freezing to death again. Just like always.He closed his eyes and turned onto his side, cuddling down into the softness of the snow. Almost done now. Almost done. The yelling was getting louder, but it was still just a blur of noise outside the tank. He could feel pressure, though. Someone shaking him. One of his eyelids was dragged open, and he had a blurry view of Steve's worried face. He'd recognize that anywhere, but Steve shouldn't be here, not when he was in the tank. He wasn't even supposed to remember Steve right now. Bucky shook his head and squeezed his eyes shut. If he didn't let them know he remembered, maybe they wouldn't take this from him. Maybe they'd let him remember Steve a while longer.He felt a slap across his face, muffled by his frozen skin to just a dull impact. He kept his eyes squeezed tightly shut, and the blur of noise changed in tone. The hands on him moved, and then--The sudden motion knocked him a few steps back toward consciousness, and he was aware that someone--Steve, Steve had found him--Steve had picked him up and was holding Bucky against his chest while... stomping around in a circle."Steve?" Bucky muttered, but his lips were numb and it was just sort of a noise, mostly lost against Steve's chest. Steve was wearing some kind of puffy coat. It was probably funny. Bucky giggled a little, dizzily, just in time for Steve to kneel down and let go of Bucky's legs, leaving him slumped on top of Steve's thighs, his head against Steve's chest. They were in a little depression now, the snow as high as Bucky's dazed eyes.Steve had packed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hypothermia
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Cuddling & Snuggling
Huddling For Warmth
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

