Work Text:
When Thor had developed a strange attachment to the waffle iron, Tony hadn't been too weirded out. Well, that's a lie, he'd been freaked (come on, Thor would talk to it like a sentient being, how is that not freaky, no matter how often Steve claims that it's kinda sweet it's just freaky okay, and Clint can shut up about glasshouses), but let's be honest, Thor is a harmless puppy all things considered. He doesn't listen when Tony tells him that the waffle iron is supposed to stay in the kitchen and instead drags it around with him sometimes, but he mostly takes it into the living room together with a bowl of batter so he can make waffles while they watch TV, which Tony deems socially acceptable. People eat in front of the TV, and if Thor wants to have his waffles fresh, that's fine. There's the whole incident when the waffle iron dies- breaks, it breaks, because it's not a person it's an appliance, not even somewhere in between like Dummy or Jarvis and Tony will never, ever do anything to change that, ever. But Tony takes Thor to buy a new one and if they end up with heart-shaped waffles, well, that's okay. It's supposed to be a Scandinavian waffle iron anyway, which is oddly fitting, and so it has the foreigner bonus, as does Thor. Heart-shaped waffles are manly.
But then there's some political maneuvering and a couple of rapid-fire, big missions that end up with a couple of villains captured, and suddenly Loki is living with them. This is more due the former than the latter (apparently Loki did an about turn and was on their side during this whole thing, and suddenly he and Coulson are best buddies which is weird on so many levels) but the result is that Loki might not be an Avenger by name (at his on insistence) but he lives with them and eats with them and comes along with them when they're having a "quest". Their quests being the missions, though Loki treats them like fun trips where everybody dresses up and heads out to wreak chaos. Tony grows rather fond of this attitude of his; the others eventually get tired of Tony's snarking but Loki never does, and so the two of them banter back and forth endlessly. The result is that the others sometimes get a bit annoyed with them both, but it's prime entertainment for Tony. A nice side-effect too is that Loki gets integrated far better into the group, because that doesn't go all that well at the beginning. Understandably so, Loki messed things up for them for quite a while, but Loki isn't the only one of them who doesn't exactly have a clean slate. All things considered, Steve is probably the only one of them who would genuinely have the right to judge Loki based on the fact that Steve's slate isn't just clean, it's polished, it's gleaming, but Steve is way too good for that.
All in all, Tony finds to his surprise that he enjoys Loki being here. After about two months he's fully integrated in the household and appears to be comfortable, which shows itself in the form of pranks.
This is how the waffle-coffee embargo happens.
At first it's funny. The waffle iron looks perfectly normal, Thor drizzles dough into it and closes it, and when he opens it he finds that his waffle has a funny shape on it. At first it's faces, ranging from the Avengers to people from Asgard (though never Odin, Tony notes), then rune messages that from Thor's reaction seem to range from amusing over insulting to disturbing, but then Clint gets involved and things take a turn for the juvenile. Meaning Thor ends up with penises on his waffles. Which Thor doesn't find as amusing, he gets a sad puppy look on his face like somebody stole his kitten, but he still doesn't react in the way Loki obviously wants him to. So eventually Loki starts to mess with the flavor, and that's when Thor finally decides to strike back.
It's all good-humored, of course. But it seems like there's a long (and they're Asgardians, so that means long) tradition of prank wars involving Loki and Thor, and knowing Thor, even when things are good-humored, they're still serious business.
And Loki has grown emotionally attached to the coffee machine.
It's one of the fancy ones (though this one's extra fancy, come on, everything in Avengers Tower is) with pads that makes about a billion different kinds of coffee and espresso and cappuccino and latte and insert fancy Italian coffee name here and even several kinds hot chocolate. Honestly, Loki isn't the only one who is emotionally attached to the thing; Tony is deeply in love with it, as is Bruce, and Natasha and Clint as well. Steve and Thor appreciate it as well though to lesser degrees, as does everybody who comes to visit them, because it's just that awesome. It's custom-made, of course, because coffee is serious business wherever Tony lives, and really most of the Avengers are coffee-fueled seventy percent of the time. Excepting Steve, on whom caffeine has no effect, and Thor, who's been banned, because Thor plus caffeine is a receipt for disaster.
Which natura
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Coffee
Hot Chocolate
caffeine withdrawal makes monsters out of everyone
unhealthy attachment to kitchen appliances

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

