Chapter 1



Notes:
Once again, this is based off of two norsekink prompts. They can be found here and here. :)
 
 Revised chapter posted August 2014.
Huge thanks to Shira and Schaudwen for all of their excellent input during the revisions ♥ ♥ ♥




Chapter Text


Act I: Magic

Asgard“You might think to aim for the eyes or the belly, but the horns, my prince,” Bermar says. “That is key. A graze, even, and the beast will be whimpering. Why, once I ventured with–”
Thor, cheek resting in his hand and elbow on the table, lets his attention wander the length of the feasting hall. As if he does not know the trick to felling a bilgesnipe. This is why Thor prefers to sit among the older warriors. They do not care that Thor is a boy not even begun training and who yet counts his age by years, while they mark theirs by the fading of the stars in the sky. They pass him overflowing goblets of mead and thump his back like he is full-grown, and then they invite him hunting and show him how to slay a foe. Only young fools like Bermar – too young to even have fought the Vanir, too young to have fought anything but a bilgesnipe – think Thor cares to hear them drone or appreciates these half-remembered pointers Thor would prefer to know first-hand.
Thor meets Fandral’s gaze several tables away. Fandral sees Bermar and, grinning, mimes stabbing himself in the chest and then letting his head fall forward onto his plate. Thor can hear the plate’s rattle and Volstagg’s guffaw, as well as the surprised calls of those at the table.
“They travel in fours, you see. But Óspakr insisted they travel in threes.” Bermar chortles. “So I–”
Could Thor fake his own death? No, mother would be cross. Why can Thor not sit with Fandral and Volstagg, any how? The royal table is dull – always dignitaries and honored, dull young warriors. And his mother nudging him to make polite conversation.
“Truly? That’s astonishing,” Thor says without checking Bermar’s expression to see if the comment had any relation whatsoever to whatever sentence he’d interrupted.
Later, Thor will wonder that he’d been looking at his father at all.
There was no reason for it. Thor can have the king’s attention whenever he wishes it; the mighty feast, Thor’s been told, is when his father lends his attention to his people. This is why there are always new faces sitting at the royal table. His father knows the name of every man and woman of Asgard. Thor understands he’s supposed to be endeavoring to know the same, but is there not time enough for that later? He knows the names of all the Asgardians he cares to know.
But Fandral and Volstagg are no longer a distraction, tables away with their heads now ducked together in some fierce conversation that Thor longs to join. His mother is turned from him, laughing with Idunn, and no other nearby conversation interests him. All he has is Bermar droning in his ear, despite how Thor has been continually signaling for Bermar’s goblet to be refilled in the hope he might eventually pass out; he can hold his liquor, Thor will grudgingly grant him.
And so Thor sees when the raven-spy Huginn lands on Odin’s shoulder. Not an unusual sight; nor that Odin raises a hand to still the nearby talk that he might hear from the raven more clearly. Huginn would hardly interrupt dinner for an idle observation.
Thor sees the strange, sharp gesture his father makes, and the pen and paper that fold out from nothing in front of him.
Later Thor will remember all the details of the next moments, burned in his mind’s eye: his father writing some rapid note and handing the paper to Huginn, who takes it in one wiry claw and sweeps out of the hall, his flapping wings somehow audible over the feasting hall chatter. His father rising and the golden hall falling silent and whisper-still, no trace of boisterous cheer left in a single face. His father’s booming voice echoing: The frost giants have unleashed war on Midgard. Fandral and Volstagg looking to Thor, though every other Asgardian in the hall looks to Thor’s father. They have broken the covenant, agreed upon at the long table. Odin All-Father sharing one glance with Thor’s mother, and that one glance between them telling a history, and writing one. They have by doing so declared war on Asgard! And Asgard will answer them!
Right now, only one detail burns.
Seidr. That was an enchantment cast by his father’s hands.
Despite the silence in the wake of Odin’s announcement, there is a dull thudding in Thor’s ears. Odin knocks his tall, powerful staff Gungnir against the ground, and the thump spurns the gathered Asgardians into a study of motion. It may be centuries since the last war, but Asgard’s warriors are ever, ever ready for it. Over half the gathered men will not even need to detour to the armory – they wore full-plated armor and strapped great weapons to their backs and belts merely because the sun rose this morning.
Thor is distantly aware of Bermar clapping his back and saying, “I shall have to finish my ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Pseudo-Incest
Community: norsekink
Norse Mythology - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

