Work Text:
“Tony!” Steve bellowed as he ran into the workshop with a curled up Bucky clutched to his side.
Tony’s teeth smashed together as he flinched and jerked his hands away from the wires of his latest tech for Natasha. He hissed as sparks sputtered out from the weaponry then died down. “I thought I had the workshop set for privacy for the next hour, FRIDAY.”
“You did, boss,” the AI chirped. “However, the parameters you have set allow for interruptions in the case of an emergency.”
Tony raised an eyebrow and spun in his revolving chair so he faced Steve, who was helping Bucky onto one of the workbenches. Bucky’s flesh fist was clenched and his teeth gritted. A sweat had broken out across his brow.
Tony’s stomach lurched with worry, but he kept his expression composed as he waltzed over to Bucky and Steve. “I think you came to the wrong doctor, wonder duo. I have three PhDs, but none of them are going to help with Buckaroo’s constipation.”
Buck managed a small smile through his grimace. “Asshole.”
“It’s the arm,” Steve explained. His face was scrunched with disapproval—probably not too thrilled about the bathroom humor while his boyfriend was in pain—but his voice gave away his concern. “We were sparring. I flipped him, and now it won’t stop hurting him.”
Tony nodded, pulling up his revolving chair and seating himself in front of Bucky. He adjusted the height so he was more leveled with Bucky. He reached out to touch the metal arm, but stopped. “Will you be okay if I touch it?”
The forced smile was on Bucky’s face again. “Doubt you could make it much worse.”
Tony didn’t like that answer, but he didn’t refute it either. He did a quick examination for surface damage then order FRIDAY to do an internal scan. A projected image of the inner workings of Bucky’s arm popped up next to Bucky. Tony whistled in admiration at the mess of wires and metal of Bucky’s arm.
“Well, Steve, I wouldn’t blame yourself.” Tony pointed at the projection. “This is messier than the New York sewer system—just less rancid.”
“What do you mean?” Steve squeezed Bucky’s shoulder. Tony couldn’t decipher if the contact was meant to be reassuring or if Steve was seeking comfort from Bucky. When Bucky reached up with his flesh hand and squeezed Steve’s, Tony suspected it was a bit of both.
Tony rolled away from the workbench and grabbed a tool kit before sling-shoting himself back. “In simple terms? The arm was put together sloppily, causing parts to entangle themselves where they shouldn’t, and since the arm connects to Bucky’s nervous system…” Tony gesticulated at Bucky. “Do I really need to explain more?”
Bucky hissed as Tony opened one of the metal plates, but Tony didn’t stop. Tony had learned long ago that Bucky did not like anesthesia, and no amount of bribing, bartering, and begging was going to get him to use it, so the best way to help Bucky was to avoid the song and dance and just get right to fixing his arm.
“FRIDAY, black out mode.”
“On it, Boss.”
Time after that seemed to slow down as Tony tuned out the rest of the world and focused on Bucky’s arm. He was mildly aware of Steve and Bucky murmuring to each other as he worked.
Tony reached for a tool and instead of Dummy-E handing it to him, Steve placed the tool right in front of Tony. It brought Tony out of his head long enough to mutter a quick “Thanks” before zeroing in on the arm again.
The only other time Tony was brought out of his trance was when Bucky and Steve started chuckling. He blinked up at them like he’d just woken from a dream.
Bucky mock pouted. “Aw, Stark, don’t stop serenading me now, Steve and I were enjoying the music.”
Heat flared at the back of Tony’s neck. He scoffed and fiddled with one of the wires that had gotten caught between two gears. “I think I would know if I was singing to you.”
Steve hummed thoughtfully. “I suppose singing isn’t the word.”
“No,” Bucky also hummed. “I suppose not.”
“What’s the word then, Bucky?” Steve hummed.
“I don’t know?” Bucky hummed.
Tony swatted them both with a wrench. “I get it. Humming, which is definitely not singing. I’m going to have to send you two back to grade school. This is embarrassing. Two of the world’s greatest super heroes, and they don’t know the difference between humming and singing. I swear—” Tony continued his tangent, even as Bucky and Steve snickered at him.
After what felt like ten minutes to Tony, but was really hours later, Tony snapped the last of the metal plates back in place and scooted away from Bucky to give him space to test out the arm.
Bucky beamed like the sun as he flexed his arm and fingers. “Aw, Stark, I could kiss you right now.”
Tony’s heart jumped and his neck burned, but years of practice aided him in maintaining his nonchalant expression long enough to smile back at Bucky teasingly. He tapped a finger to his lips. “Only if it’s chaste. Don’t want Stevie here getting jealous of little ole me.”
Bucky and Steve sent each other curious glances and in a millisecond the two were grinni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Tony Feels
Insecure Tony Stark
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Fluff and Angst
Mild Angst
OT3

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

