Work Text:
"There's a panic room.""That can withstand the Hulk?""The door's made of... mythril.""There's no panic room is there?""Okay, so maybe there's panic stairs that lead to another panic floor and lots of panic agents." Darcy sighs, knowing that nothing she says is going to make Jane like her working in Doctor Banner's labs. Nothing is going to make Jane like Darcy being separated from her which is sweet but Darcy had started to get the impression she was more underfoot than helpful with Jane and she'd asked for a move."Thor agrees with me, it's too dangerous-" Jane starts to say, there's scuffling and then Thor himself is on the line. "I think what I said was that you would have weighed the risks and merits of working for Doctor Banner and would have made your decision accordingly," he says. Darcy loves that you can hear the smile in Thor's voice. There's more scuffling noises and then Thor actually makes a pained noise and Jane's back on the line. "What did you do to make a god say ow?" Darcy demands, wondering if Jane's playing with experimental weapons and if so, why isn't she sharing?"Apparently my elbows are very pointy," she says loftily. "I still don't like it.""Doctor Banner's lab is in the Avenger's tower. There's Avengers in the Avenger's tower. I'm really safe, I swear," Darcy repeats and Jane makes a disgruntled noise.

*
Darcy replays that conversation in her head the very next day when she's being held hostage.

*
"We need you to get Doctor Banner out of his lab for a few minutes," Coulson says, almost making Darcy drop the coffees she's carrying on a tray balanced precariously on one hand while she uses her phone with the other by just appearing in front of her. She's got to learn not to walk and twitter at the same time, especially in a place filled with super spies."Why?" Darcy asks, because she knows it drives Coulson just a little bit nuts when she fails to just follow orders like he expects everyone to."Need to know. Can you do it?" Coulson asks."I'll need an- hey!" Darcy protests when Coulson lifts the two coffee cups from her grasp and passes them back to a junior agent that appeared as quietly as he did."Looks like he needs to go out for coffee," Coulson says. He's not smirking but Darcy just knows he wants to."Fine," she grumbles. "Give me a sec."Darcy pushes through the lab doors, waves at Cooper the lab assistant on duty and finds Bruce hunched over his table, opening a case with a nasty looking syringe inside. "Is that what they brought back from the raid this morning?" Darcy asks, curious. Bruce is someone who doesn't mind answering her questions, seems particularly jazzed that she's interested most of the time in fact. "That's one nasty looking flu shot."Bruce snorts the exasperated laugh she's grown to like, the one he lets out mostly around Tony but more and more around her. Tony and Darcy have started trading off getting Bruce out of the tower and the tension that was permanently in his shoulders seems to have eased a little over the last few months. "I wish it were that innocent," he says, setting the syringe aside and getting a few glass slides out. "Unfortunately it might be proof that the bad guys are further along recreating the Captain America serum than us.""Wow," Darcy says, then leans into Bruce's line of sight and grins. "How about I set up and you go get us coffee.""Wasn't that where you just went?" Bruce asks, blinking in the way that means he hasn't actually been out of the lab since the day before. "Machine's broken in the office," Darcy says. "We'll need outside caffeine and you look like you could use a little outside.""I don't know. The line at Starbucks could be a little too stressful for me," he says. He's joking and she likes that he's starting to do that. He sighs, eases his glasses off and pinches the bridge of his nose. "I look that bad?""You have slid from deliciously rumpled into hobo rumpled since I last saw you.""Okay, fine. I'll grab a shower too," he relents, squeezes her shoulder and retreats. "I'm da bomb," Darcy chuckles to herself as Bruce disappears out the lab doors. Maybe thirty seconds passes and suddenly the lab is filling with agents, all with guns out. Darcy swears and moves to duck behind Bruce's table, but she crashes into Cooper who'd been coming around from the other side. His hand is darted out and Darcy makes a grab for the syringe just as he snags it, something in his face warning her. She goes to dart back the other way but he snatches the end of her ponytail, wrapping her hair around his fist and dragging her back against him. "Darcy, you were supposed to go with Doctor Banner," Coulson says, sounding exasperated. His gun is pointed just to the left of her face, probably where Cooper's is. "I didn't know that," Darcy squeaks as something sharp touches her neck. "There's no way we're letting you out of here," Coulson says in a completely different tone and Darcy feels the grip on her hair tighten, pulling painfully at her 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Darcyisms

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

