Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki is not allowed to leave the circular dungeon, with its single bed and water pipe and drain in the floor and high, solitary, unreachable window in the wall (he knows this, this tiny gesture, is one Odin is aware causes Loki the most pain; to dangle before him the freedom that he can never have). This is the first rule that was enforced. He is also not allowed to speak (or make any noise at all; they’ve sewn his mouth shut again and Loki tastes the blood on his tongue long after it’s washed away) and his magic has been bound by the braided rope twined around one ankle like a terrible bracelet (it’s made from a unicorn’s tail and dragon’s heartstring, woven with runes, among other things; Loki wonders how long Odin has planned this, for the last dragon to have lived was a millennia ago and it takes centuries more before a hatchling is old enough to be slain). It is not strong enough to prevent him from healing himself after his ‘sessions’, but enough that he is unable to fight anything larger than a raven. In the dungeon, he is always alone (except when he is not, when Odin throws in another monster) and never busy. Odin has had his armour taken away from him (Loki has been told that they have been melted down; made into trinkets that decorate Odin’s throne room) and Loki is brought only a loose, peach-coloured shift that serves as little more than a sheet to cover himself with. The shift is perhaps the most humiliating thing about his situation (never mind that his punishment itself is enough humiliation to last ten Asgardian lifetimes); it serves as a reminder of how low he has fallen for Loki knows clothing like these are worn only by servants of the lowest births. The guards are not allowed to see him, but their eyes wander (as eyes were wont to do in Asgard) every time they are ordered to open the door and make way for another beast and Loki knows there is equal measures lust and contempt in them. He fails to not feel vulnerable, each time he is met with this, though he hides it well. Thirty moons since the day that Thor had dragged him back from Midgard (and twice that number of beasts which Odin has had Loki lay with) later, Loki is faced with a Jötun. It is a shock that leaves him breathless (for why would Odin wish for a Jötun child?) until the Jötun (so much bigger than Loki remembers them being) snarls at him and sends him flying across the dungeon with a backhand. Loki hits the wall hard enough to shatter his elbow, and lands in a painful heap on the stone ground. Before he recovers, the Jötun strides to him (it takes only two steps to cross the room; the idle observation serves only to drive the knowledge of its size deeper into Loki’s terrified mind) and carelessly grips his hair to pull him to his feet. Loki would beg (he is beyond shame now) had he the voice, but as it was, he could only flinch and stare up at his chosen mate (for the night; always only for one night) pleadingly. The Jötun is not blind to Loki’s pleas for he throws his head back to release a loud, barking laugh. “Do you recognize me, brother mine?” sneers the Jötun, pulling Loki higher and bringing the smaller being closer to his face. Loki does not, in fact. But he knows. Laufey had had three sons; one had been blinded during the war, and another, well… The last was the youngest and Loki had heard of him, had probably even bypassed him in Laufey’s icy halls when he’d snuck in to speak to the Jötun King. Býleistr, he wants to say, but he cannot. The Jötun (his younger brother) smirks when he sees the realization in Loki’s eyes and throws the Trickster to the ground. Loki nearly cries out when his injured elbow is slammed against the ground, but he chokes back the sound in time (he doesn’t need to aggravate the threads in his skin; it is much more painful to heal than any broken bone or torn flesh, such was the curse of enchanted punishments).  When Loki looks back at him, Býleistr is removing his loincloth, his manhood standing tall and hard as the stalagmites that litter the lands of Jötunheimr. It is bigger than a normal Asgardian’s but nowhere near as large as some monsters that Loki has been forced with already. Somehow, this does not make it easier to bear. Loki does not struggle as Býleistr moves towards him, simply closes his eyes and bites down on his tongue (once, with a demon from Múspellsheimr with burning skin and scalding cock, the pain had been too great and Loki had screamed; the threads sealing his lips had ripped clean through and magically re-sewed themselves immediately after, only to rip again and re-sew again when Loki could not stop screaming), ready to swallow any pain to come. Loki’s legs are spread, Býleistr’s massive, calloused hands rough (and cold, oh so cold) against his skin, and Loki feels his younger brother’s head pressing immediately against his tiny entrance. Býleistr leans close over Loki, one hand gripping tightly at a narrow hip, the other pinning one of the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
monsters/Loki
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Unrequited Love
Angst
Abuse
Mpreg

fandom: 
monsters/Loki
Loki/Thor

