Work Text:
Brian called on a Wednesday afternoon about a week after the solar storm and said, “Hey, man, you want to come over for dinner?”“Yeah, sure,” Dom said. He didn’t think much of it, except maybe he needed to tell Brian and Mia he wasn’t going to break or anything. There’d been a lot of invitations. They’d both been calling a lot, too, or even just showing up, one or the other of them sometimes with the kids in tow. He didn’t mind that, furthest thing from, but he didn’t want them worrying.He hadn’t talked a lot about it since Letty had handed him back the cross and gone, but there wasn’t a lot to say. That fucking mutant had wanted himself a driver, so he’d turned her into a blank slate, just reached into her head and scooped out all her memories and tossed them to the wind. For months, Dom had believed they were going to come back. Hell, so had Letty. He couldn’t blame her for needing to check out when they hadn’t. “I love you,” she’d said. “I love you like crazy, but I don’t fucking know why, and there’s nothing underneath it. It just comes at me out of nowhere when I look at you, and I can’t—”It sucked, but there was no point in talking about it. It hurt bad enough to have lived through it, to feel like a widower all over again. But truth was, he wasn’t one, and he wasn’t going to lose sight of that. That fucker Shaw was a vegetable in a hospital like he deserved to be, never going to hollow out anybody’s skull again, and Letty was alive and safe and her own woman. If she never drove back into his garage, he’d still have that. Yeah, he’d gotten left. Lots of guys got left, for worse reasons. He was okay.He had figured Mia and Brian had both gotten that much; they’d backed off little by little after the first couple weeks, and then the radiation warnings had kept them and the kids at home. They hadn’t ramped back up since then. Maybe they’d just been waiting, though, what with Brian calling him out of the blue two hours before dinner to get him over there.But when Dom got out of his car at their place, Mia came out, happy to see him but surprised. “You’re lucky Brian asked me to make pasta, there’s going to be plenty,” she said, kissing him. “He’s in the garage,” and Dom got loud and clear that there was something up, and Brian didn’t want Mia knowing about it yet.Jack was in the garage jumping up and down in the backseat of the GT-R Brian was working on. “Hey, hand me that wrench by your foot, would you?” Brian said, before Dom even got a word out, which made it even more clear. He got the wrench, and they spent the next hour doing some tune-up work on the brakes.Mia made pasta so much like their ma’s that Dom ate about three helpings too many. Afterwards Jack demanded Uncle Dom for bedtime, and Dom drifted off somewhere in the middle of Harry Potter. He woke up with Jack dead to the world snuggled against his shoulder, untangled himself and went out yawning. Mia had taken Rachel off to nurse and put her down, but Brian was still sitting at the table, staring into a cup of coffee in front of him. Dom got one and sat down next to him. “All right,” he said. “Let’s have it.”Brian drank the rest of his coffee off in a swallow. “Let’s go for a ride.”He took Dom out in the GT-R, silent all the way along the back roads to the freeway entrance. He got on, slid all the way across to the HOV lane and onto the far shoulder, and put the car in park.“Okay,” Dom said. “We going to get somewhere anytime soon?”Brian was staring out the windshield. “Do you trust me?”“What the fuck kind of question is that?” Dom said.“If you say yes, I’m going to take you on the worst fucking ride of your life,” Brian said. “Do you trust me?”They were in a pocket between streetlamps, headlights from the other side slicing Brian’s profile into orange-yellow and shadows. “Yeah, O’Conner,” Dom said. “I trust you. Do what you’ve got to do.”Brian still didn’t move at first. Then he put the car into first gear, waited for an opening, and did a fast U-turn back onto the shoulder, turned them facing the oncoming traffic: the tail end of the rush hour crowd, a sea of headlights. Then he put the clutch all the way down and started revving her up, RPMs climbing. Dom stared at him and then out at half of fucking downtown Los Angeles coming right at them. “Brian,” Dom said.“Don’t get cold feet on me now, man,” Brian said, but he wasn’t grinning; his face was grim and locked down. He yanked the brake. Smoke climbed up behind them from the tires burning out against the pavement, plumes thick enough Dom smelled them even with the windows sliding closed, and then Brian slammed down the brake and “Holy fucking shit!” Dom yelled, grabbing the dash, because Brian wasn’t just driving into traffic, he was goddamn flooring it like he was going for a ten-second quarter-mile right in the middle of the freeway, and there were headlights in their—Brian jerked the wheel, and back, and then dragged them three lanes of traffic straight over—Twelve cars hit the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Brian O'Conner/Dominic Toretto
Brian O'Conner/Mia Toretto

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe - X-Men Fusion
Mutant Powers

fandom: 
Brian O'Conner/Dominic Toretto
Brian O'Conner/Mia Toretto

