Chapter 1: Getting To Know You
    


Notes:
This fic has a photoset and it's located here: Click me! please be advised that photobucket's servers have destroyed the images of this fic and we no longer have access to the files. We will put in regular ol' text the letters into the document, but you can also click the "series" to see all the letters there too. Sorry. :(




Chapter Text
Steve had signed up for the Mail a Militant program before. He knew the drill. You’d write down a few of your interests and why you wanted to be a penpal to someone in the ARMY. You’d get a letter in the mail and there was the information of your partner. It was like magic. Sadly, just like magic, it had always been over before Steve realized he’d had it. The first time, only a few letters. The second time; lasted about four months and then the guy just stopped. Steve wasn’t sure if the guy was even still alive at this point. He really hoped he was. He’d been nice. Just damaged. Steve sat at his desk, staring down at a blank piece of looseleaf paper. He tapped his pen on the desk in a pulse-like beat. What to write? Would he try to be charming? Suave? Confident? He rolled his eyes at himself. He’d tried that once. All it got was a female rejecting him after she saw a head-only picture. She’d clearly been smart. When she’d asked for a full body...Steve had stopped writing.He stared at the parchment, chewing his bottom lip softly. ‘Just be yourself this time. Just your true, honest-to-God self.’


 
Steve stared down at the letter, looking at the picture that reflected one of his best friends, Peter Quill and not himself. ‘So much for being myself...’ He swallowed heavily. If he’d shown what he really looked like…all angles and bumpy ribs, no one would look twice at him. Especially a guy in the military. Why’d he even sign up for this again? This was just going to hurt him in the end. He’d get attached and then this guy would just stop writing.Honestly, Steve thought it was one of the best programs out there. He’d seen a lot of relationships really bud from it. Or rather, he read the testimonials. This is why he tried. So many people had taken to the internet, to the media, to the very graves of military personnel to show their hatred and protests against them. They demonized the military or they judged those for enlisting. Steve wanted to voice his support. That’s why he kept doing this. He wanted to prove that not every American had turned their back. He wanted to prove someone still cared.He closed the envelope over the handwritten letter. He always wrote his letters in his penmanship. He thought it was kinder, more personal. Licking at the edges to get it nice and sticky, he closed the envelope and made his way to class, being sure to stop by the big blue USPS box. God, he hoped this time it’d be different.
 


Steve stared at the letter; reading it over and over as if the words might vanish. He imagined what this soldier sounded like. Was he gruff? Smooth? Husky? He was...he was…“Shit…” Steve whined out. “He’s gorgeous! And I lied to him. Shit! Shit! Shit!” Panicked, Steve gently put the letter down, looking at that smiling face for just a few seconds longer as he ran over to his bed, slamming down onto it and grabbing his phone. He mashed at the buttons with his bony fingers; biting his lip as he anxiously slid his teeth over the soft tissue of his lip.<Peggy...Help! I messed up!> he texted. He flipped back over, whining as he stared up at the ceiling of his small, unkempt room. From upside down, he looked over at his messy desk, seeing that gray letter resting gently atop it. Rolling back over, he lunged for the letter, grabbing it in his slender fingers and rereading the words again. “Bucky” was flirting with him. One letter. And he was flirting?This did not happen to Steve Rogers. <Did you screw the pickle jar on too tightly? Want me to send Peter over? ;) > Peggy responded. Steve’s face fell as he read the words. Usually he was up for jokes about himself. If you didn’t laugh at yourself sometimes, well, you weren’t really living life much. But right now wasn’t the time. He hadn’t expected this. He’d expected some kind of formal GI Joe type. He’d expected impersonal or someone who never responded. He didn’t expect the warmth and...appreciation that had flowed from that letter. It made Steve’s fingers tingle. His heart lurched up into his throat as he responded to his best friend. <Ha. Ha. I signed up for that penpal program. The one for the military with no family? I may or may not have used Peter’s picture… And the guy may or may not be flirting with me. And he may or may not be really hot… Like...really hot. Like I’m so screwed really hot.> <You used Peter’s picture?! Did you tell him?... Wait you know what. Hold on.>  Before Steve had a chance to really see the words, Peggy’s face was flashing on his screen. He sighed heavily; knowing full well what kind of reaction he was about to get. “Hey, Peggy,” he said somberly.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
penpals to lovers
Peter brings the comedy
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
angsty Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
the title was blatantly stolen as inspiration from the film but is no way affiliated with its story
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Explicit Sexual Content
Rimming
Multiple Orgasms
actual letters in first chapter
Angst
sprinkled with fluff
and some hilariously awkward situations
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky Barnes
coming to terms with your body
Body Worship
Bucky's got a thing for skinny boys
surprise letters
post-it notes with silly doodles
Dry Humping
crying make out sessions
Happy Ending
mild violence in chapter 6

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

