Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
Sam Wilson meets Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes on a Thursday night, at a burlesque show, and how it happens is this:
It's already late, later than he should be out on a weeknight, but the theme of the show was a super hero revue and there was no way he was gonna miss that.  He's up at the bar during the break, getting drinks for his sister Lou and her friend, who also have to be up early in the morning and have vowed this round to be the last.  It's loud in the venue, which is the back space of what probably used to be a warehouse right near the Gowanus Canal, and Sam's already had a few.  He's watching the stage kitten out of the corner of his eye, down on her hands and knees to retrieve a garter belt.  He doesn't hear someone say, "Behind!" so when he steps away from the bar, he smashes right into the guy who'd just done the Captain America routine up on stage, and knocks his drinks to the ground.
A little bit ends up down the back of Sam's shirt, but most of it goes all over Captain America, who fumbles one glass right into his chest and drops the other two outright.  They're plastic, so there's no harm except the sudden wave of beer smell over both of them.  For a second, they only stare at each other in shock.
Up close, the guy is even tinier than he'd looked on stage, the kind of small that makes you really think about it - the sharp wings of his collarbone, the gentle concave angle of his forearms, the knobbly bones in his wrist as he puts up his fists, braced like Sam's gonna take a swing at him.
"Whoa!" Sam says quickly, and holds his own hands up, palms out.  "I didn't see you there, man.  Let me buy you - whatever all that was.  Hang on."
He turns back to the bartender, who's watching with a wry look on his face. "Whatever all that was," Sam shouts, gesturing, "and a towel?  Maybe two."
The bartender snaps a towel at him, which Sam catches one handed.  He fixes his face in an apologetic expression and turns back around, half expecting to catch a punch right to the nose.  "Sorry again," he says, and hands the towel over.  
"S'okay," the guy says.  The look on his face says it isn't.  "No harm done, I guess," he says, sponging ineffectively at the front of his gauzy dressing gown.  He's absolutely covered in glitter, and now the towel is also. 
It's hard not to say sorry again, just to be able to say something.  "Great set," Sam says instead, and takes the towel back so he can wipe up the floor.
"Thanks," the guy says, and squints down at him.  "Don't you come to the shows at the Way Station?  Like, a lot?  I feel like I've seen you there a bunch."
"Yeah," Sam says, and laughs, a little embarrassed.  "I uh, I live pretty close.  And, you know, Doctor Who bar, nerd burlesque - it's kinda my jam."
"Yeah," the guy says, and his face relaxes, just a little bit.  "It's a good spot.  We usually get a pretty decent crowd there."
"How long you been doing this?" Sam asks.  The bartender interrupts the answer, shouting, "here ya go, Steve," and pushing three fresh drinks out.  Sam's still crouched under the bar, wiping up the beer, so the guy - Steve - eels his way around Sam to corral them into something he can carry.  Head turned, Sam can see the gleam of a hearing aid wrapped around his ear.  
"Couple years," Steve answers, when Sam's upright again, the sticky towel collected by the bartender and dropped somewhere out of sight.  Steve raises one of his new drinks for Sam to clink his own against, and they both drink deeply.  It's a strange feeling, drinking with the guy - like Sam's talking to a minor celebrity, and also someone in their underwear, both of which are true.  
"I liked that costume you had - what, two weeks ago?" Sam asks.  "The one from Assault on the Axis!  That reel's been out of print for like forty years, where'd you get a copy?"
Steve's head cocks to one side, and Steve gets his first full blown grin of the night, sunny and surprised.  "Managed to score an original print online," he answers.  "You actually recognized it?  Took me fuckin weeks to track down the right shape helmet.  How do you know about Assault on the Axis!?"
And there's a catch in his throat here, but he's gotten better and better at pushing through it.  "My grandpa collected the comics," he says.  "Had boxes and boxes of them.  Had almost all the reels, too.  Sabotage on the Home Front was his favorite, I musta watched that one a hundred times when I was a kid."
"That's awesome," Steve says, a little too eagerly - like he's about ready to go break into Sam's grandparents' house to get his hands on it.
"So you live in Brooklyn?" Steve asks after a pause, a little more casually.  He turns briefly, to catch the eye of someone behind him.  When Sam follows the look, it's directed towards this hot white guy in the corner Sam's been sneaking longing glances at for half the night - who's watching them intently, something wary and alert in the set of his body that Sam recognizes intimately.  
Whic
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Timothy "Dum Dum" Dugan/Jim Morita
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Violence
Recovery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Grief/Mourning
Trans Male Character
Bisexual Male Character
Bisexual Character of Color
Polyamory
Recreational Drug Use
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Racism
Transphobia
Biphobia
Period Typical Attitudes
Canonical Character Death
9/11 Attacks (mention)
Stop & Frisk
Police Brutality
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Hallucinogens

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Timothy "Dum Dum" Dugan/Jim Morita
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

