Work Text:
Egocentric, pretentious, curt, yet unsure—very unsure; this is all Steve gathers from the first five minutes with the man talking. If he’s being honest, he’s only half paying attention. The other half preoccupied with his lunch.The guy calls himself “Superior Iron man, the face of the future we need.” He says this confidently, with a proud posture that reads triumph. His real name is Tony Stark, says his file, the morally ambiguous futurist who has too much time on his hands.He’s obsessed with reconstructing the world in his image, and really, isn’t everyone trying to do that. He knows the guy is a genius, and as with all geniuses and inventors, he'll find his downfall by the hands of his own creations. Tony is doomed to fail in his motivations.Not that Steve cares; he just wants to finish his lunch.Ten minutes into the speech, Tony slams his hand onto his desk like a petulant child begging for attention. “Are you listening to me? I’m not one for repeating myself.”Steve raises his eyebrow. “No, I’m eating.” His Brooklyn drawl leaves him, and he lifts his legs to cross atop of his desk as he continues eating as if Tony hasn't said a thing.“How dare you treat me like one of your lackeys. I am everything this pathetic excuse for a terrorist group wants to be. I am superior, and I’m making you an offer to better yourselves, to become bigger and to spread like the disease the lesser thrive on. And you sit here and eat as if you've got a fraction of what I have to offer.” Tony doesn’t yell, but his voice raises a few levels and his face plate is removed, the look on his face reads pure disgust. Those eyes of his glowing a brilliant blue, hair a true black, and chiseled features that have Steve seeing why he’s able to woo the public.Steve sucks his teeth, removes his feet from the desk and scoots up a bit.“Sit,” he offers, calmly and even-keeled.Tony does so, a small grin on his face as if he’d gotten through to Steve, as if he’s used to getting his way. Swiftly, Steve grabs the back of Tony’s head and slams it into the oak desk in front of him.Tony groans and lifts his head, revealing blood dripping from his nose down to the top of his lip. Immediately he lifts out his hands, energy beams seem to be forming in his robotic suit from the palms of his hands. Steve grips him by his neck and lifts him off the ground without hesitation.“You made several mistakes, but I’ll tell your biggest one," his voice is calm as he speaks. "Coming into this facility and pretending it’s yours. I built this place. I tore it to pieces and rebuilt it in my image, successfully.” He grips tighter, feeling the crunch under his fingertips.Tony gasps, trying to catch his breath or possibly his last shred of dignity. Steve keeps watch of his face, the blood now creating a sleek, red line down the side of his lip. It’s hypnotic, and in that moment Steve realizes he wants to see Tony bleed. He’s not sure if it’s metaphorical, but there’s a sense of submissiveness Steve’s finds in bleeding. He feels himself get excited, so he drops him.“Take off the suit,” Steve says after dropping the man.Tony falls on his knees, catching his breath and looking up with those same glowing eyes. This time it’s malicious, and he doesn’t expect Tony to heed his demands. He’s probably repeating ‘be superior’ like a mantra in his head. Unsure. He’s unsure and curious and so beautifully confused. The excitement only heightens and his eyes are glued to the seemingly unbreakable man.“Excuse me?” Tony's voice is beautifully schooled, but still betrays a waver of doubt. Self doubt.“You heard me.”It’s almost like a standoff, only Steve wonders what Tony's contemplating. He could up and leave, he could attack, he could try and talk his way out of it, probably getting punched in the mouth again for his efforts, but he could damn well try. Yet he’s silent and still.Minutes pass, but then Tony’s suits melts off of him, liquid silver and blue lights hanging off of his skin, the garish thing is soon gone. Steve stares intently, watching tan skin flex and a body that’s surprisingly smaller than the suit, yet is still lean enough to give off the illusion of strength. Steve knows better.He’s not sure why Tony's complied to his demand. He hadn't argued, and he looks downright eager, awaiting further commands. Steve sits back in his chair, but swivels it towards the man currently in his black boxers and nothing else.“Come to me,” he says smoothly. Tony hesitates, but follows the direction given after only a brief moment. Steve wonders what Tony’s true goals are. Direction? Attention? Is he looking for someone to see him in a way he refuses to see himself? Steve wonders how long it's going to take to crack Tony piece by piece until he’s a literal weeping mess on the floor.When finally in front of him, Steve thinks about possible scenarios, all degrading and horrific, but he settles for buildup. “Take off your boxers, sit on the desk and jerk off. When you get close, stop. i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superior Iron Man
Hydra!Steve - Freeform
Humiliation
bottom!tony
Face-Fucking
Riding
Size Kink
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

