Work Text:

PART ONEIt’s  not until it is far too late that Steve realizes they have a serious  problem. He’s helping Natasha free Clint from underneath the framework  of a car, when Tony sails overhead and crashes hard into the dirt next  to the broken vehicle. The light on Ironman’s suit flickers as the  electrical system begins to fail with a hiss of sparks.Steve  whirls around, expecting he’ll see a return of the Sentinel-like  destroyers they were fighting, some crazy hybrid of Sentinels and stolen  Stark electronics. But instead he sees Thor on the tarmac, Mjolnir  raised high as the sky above him darkens.Before  Steve can really register what is happening, the hammer is hurtling  towards him with deadly speed. Standing in front of his teammates, Steve  ducks behind his shield and it’s only an interception by the Hulk that  prevents Captain America from becoming a smudge against the landscape.The airfield is littered with the wreckage of Sentinels and the only targets that remain are the Avengers themselves.“What the hell is going on?” Natasha demands, looking horrified when their teammate advances on them.“I don’t know,” Steve says as the Hulk charges forward to meet Thor’s attack.
***
In  the hours that follow, Steve tries everything he can think of to reason  with Thor, but can’t get close enough to him to even have a shouting  match, let alone a conversation. The Hulk has occupied Thor’s attention,  fighting against him for hours, but the God of Thunder shows no sign of  slowing down.Tony  is trying to get his systems back online, rummaging through the wrecked  machines for the parts he needs and Clint tries to help him through the  pain of a broken leg. Natasha alternates between watching the  perimeter, helping Tony and Clint and keeping her eye on Thor.Steve  knows his time is up. Thor has to be contained. He is reluctant to make  a call into SHIELD to tell them the God of Thunder has lost his mind.  Any kind of weapon they could have that would topple a god would just as  soon kill Thor than render him unconscious.There  is only the subtle warning of static standing his hairs on end before  there is a crackling sound and the scent of ozone. Suddenly, the God of  Mischief is an arms length away from Steve.“Loki,” Steve says, readying himself for quick action. Natasha gets to her feet, standing protectively over Clint and Tony.But  the dark haired god doesn’t spare him a glance.  His eyes are trailing  across the asphalt to the fighting form of his brother. He watches Thor  attack the Hulk for a solid minute before saying, “Your green monster is  tiring.”“Is this your doing?” Steve asks.Loki  looks at him then, his gaze fierce enough to pin a lesser man in place.  “What fun would it be to tear your team apart if I were absent for its  undoing?”Steve considers this and then asks, “Do you know what’s wrong with him? It’s as if he’s lost his awareness.”Loki’s  eyes return to Thor as he answers. “You lot have unleashed my brother’s  warrior bloodlust, his innate instinct to fight or die,” Loki replies.  “Thor will raze every living thing in his path until he himself is  destroyed. All in the name of Asgard.”“In  the name of Asgard!” Natasha begins, whose patience for Loki and the  backward ways of Asgard is thin at best.  But her diatribe is cut short  before it can even begin.“You  forget yourself, mortal,” Loki says. He looms towards her. “Can you  fathom how long battles on Asgard are? Some last unwavering for months.  Wars may span centuries.  The kind of fortitude and iron-will needed to  endure? It is this primal instinct which Thor possesses that has kept  Asgard protected for thousands of years.”He  steps back and surveys the two of them. “This does not happen from a  mere few days of strain, which leads me to understand that you mortals  have used my brother wantonly-- taken advantage of his foolish heart and  taxed him beyond his limits-- and though a God, he does require  repose.”The  Captain does not look away from Loki’s fierce gaze, but he has the  integrity to admit, “We have all pushed ourselves lately. Perhaps Thor  more than most.”“Why do you care?” Natasha cuts in. “You had no problem trying to destroy him yourself.”“You assume too much, little spider,” Loki hisses. “This depravity, I cannot allow, Ms. Romanov.”Loki  does not elaborate further, but as far as Steve is concerned it’s good  enough that for once the God of Mischief is concerned with his brother’s  well-being.“You’ll help him, then?” Steve asks, sparing a glance to where Thor is leveling Mjolnir at the Hulk.“Call back your beast,” Loki says. “And do not interfere.”“We can help you,” Steve says, “We can help Thor-- if you tell us what to do.”“You don’t understand,” Loki snaps. “He does not know you now.  Look  at his eyes! He is blinded by his instinct. He knows not what he does. Thor will kill you.”“What are you going to do?” Natasha asks.A  flash of lightning illuminates the dark clouds overhead, followed by a  rumblin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Sibling Incest
Devotion
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

