Work Text:
When Darcy had first moved into Stark Tower, Pepper Potts had sat her down in the living room of her suite and explained a few things. The basics, she had said, of surviving life with superheroes.There were many things she had expected: very detailed and airtight non-disclosure agreements, complex safety protocols, screenings that she would need to pass to get the appropriate security clearance. The much more quotidian tips were less expected, but no less sobering: don’t let Natasha pour your drinks; if you hear a weird noise in the ceiling, it’s always Clint; if you smell smoke, start yelling at Tony; and give Bucky Barnes a wide berth.++It was well after midnight, but she had always had trouble sleeping in new places. She was padding quietly into the communal kitchen to browse the fridge for leftovers, moving quietly and hoping desperately that Captain America (he had insisted on Steve, but it was going to take her more than a few days to get there) didn’t catch her in her ratty pyjamas. She didn’t realise that someone was standing about three feet away from her until the light from the open freezer reflected off his metal arm. She shrieked and threw the first thing her hand closed on at him in surprise.It was a nearly full carton of ice cream.So there she was, standing in the middle of the kitchen, her mouth hanging open in horror at the recently reformed assassin that had been the scourge of the underground intelligence world who was standing there dripping dairy product and scowling at her in the dim light.She burst out laughing.“Something funny?” came the incredulous low growl from the man standing in front of her.“Sorry, I’m sorry,” she gasped, trying to shove down her laughter. He did not look amused. “It’s not funny it’s just…”He crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow at her.“The universe keeps dealing me these weird hands,” she tried to explain, still shaking with something like adrenaline or shock, “like, for example, I taser some weird homeless dude and he turns out to be the god of thunder. Or, you know, I accidentally throw ice cream at a guy lurking in the kitchen, and he’s the Winter Soldier.”He stared at her for a long moment and then she saw the very tiniest twitch at the corner of his mouth. “Weird hands?” he asked with an arched eyebrow, his metal arm glinting as he pulled his t-shirt off over his head and dropped the dripping mess into the sink.And then he turned on his heel and walked out of the kitchen. She couldn’t help but watch the way the muscles of his back rolled smoothly as he moved.She blinked at the feeling of emptiness he had left behind him in the kitchen.For someone who had spent, by all accounts, a lot of time being a ghost, he took up a hell of a lot of space in a room.++She didn’t see more than a glimpse of his back around a corner for nearly a week.“Hi Darcy,” Steve’s voice carried brightly across the living room where Darcy lay across the couch watching Saturday morning cartoons. A hint too brightly, really.“Hey Steve,” she said lazily, rolling up on an arm and willing herself not to give in to the temptation to sit up straight and turn off the TV. Captain American tended to inspire good behaviour, but Steve hated that kind of thing.And then she sat up abruptly as she saw a dour looking Bucky Barnes standing beside him, glaring at her like he was still dripping ice cream.Steve’s tone made more sense now. He always seemed to be somehow compensating for his friend. Darcy wondered if Steve could see the way it was making Bucky dig his heels in.Well, he certainly didn’t look any less foreboding during the day at least.“This is James Barnes, or Bucky, if you like,” he said a bit carefully, as Bucky’s glare deepened “I just thought I should introduce you properly, since he’s going to be staying with us….”“We’ve met,” ground out Bucky, sounding like nothing more than a sullen teenager.Steve looked over at him in shock.“Yeah,” said Darcy, with a falsely casual shrug, “we go way back.”“Uh…” Steve looked between the two of them, clearly at a loss.Bucky was looking mutinously out the window.“You guys wanna watch a movie?” she tried, as the awkward silence stretched into painful and took a left turn for excruciating.“I’d love to,” said Steve immediately, and lord love him he sounded sincere about it, “but I’ve got a meeting with…I think a press agent? Or the press? Maybe just an agent…”“Well that sounds…non-specific,” said Darcy, “You boys have fun.”“I’ll stay,” said Bucky abruptly, and by the look Steve gave him, Darcy suspected that this was not going according to Steve’s capital “P” Plan.“Oh,” he said, “are you sure you…”“I can handle a movie Rogers,” Bucky said with a surprisingly humorous roll of his eyes.Steve looked over at her in immediate concern.“Yeah,” said Darcy, suddenly feeling oddly defensive at Steve’s expression, “I think that if he was gonna go postal on me it would have happened when I threw a carton of rocky road at him.” “You know what,” said Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

