Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was funny, really. He had no idea.If there was one thing Bucky was good at, it was watching Steven Grant Rogers. Honestly, it'd become practically instinct at this point. A reflex. He'd been doing it ever since they were kids. Make sure he wasn't pushing himself too hard on the playground, triggering an asthma attack. Keeping an eye on him so he didn't get into too many scraps he couldn't find his way out of, get his ass kicked up and down the block somewhere. And now...this.And he thought Bucky didn't notice.He chuckled to himself quietly, slicking his hair back carefully with the last of the pomade, preening in front of the mirror. Couldn't blame the kid, really. He was well aware he was a looker, a charmer. He always had the gals hanging off of him, and, if he was going to be completely fair, more than a few guys, for that matter. Something about those baby blues, he figured. Something about the wicked, knowing curl of his lips in a smile that was, he knew, practically an engraved invitation to sin.At twenty-two, he knew very well when someone wanted him. Badly. He was no fool, he'd been around the block so many times he's pretty sure he'd worn a path. So of course he'd noticed. He always knew when he had a dame on the run. This ain't much different.It wasn't that he didn't want to fuck him. He did. That plush, pouty mouth of his, those long dark eyelashes, nicer than any girl's? Those slim, delicate fingers, brushing his hair outta his eyes all the time, lying on the couch drawing, undershirt thin and hanging off his bony little frame? Yeah, he wouldn't mind getting his hands on Steve, all right. But, truth be told, more than he wanted to fuck him, Bucky kinda wanted to fuck with him, first.So...he played dumb. He decided he wouldn't make any overt moves, just...keep his behaviour subtle, and discreet. If Steve decided to give in and be honest with him about his little crush, then Bucky'd happily give him what he wanted. He'd wait, until Steve tells him. But not a moment before. It'd be like a game, a challenge against himself. He's so God damned used to getting what he wanted, every time, but this...this was gonna be different. Something new. An amusement. 
 "Whatcha drawin', Stevie?" he asks casually, hanging over the back of the couch, just a little too close to be entirely comfortable, but not so near that it appeared deliberate. Steve actually jumps - it's adorable - and slams his sketchbook closed. "Buck," he squeaks out, a blush rising on his cheeks. "Jesus." Steve turns to look at him, and Bucky meets his gaze - keeps it warm, friendly, open, a slight smile on his face. Perfectly normal. He can't resist the provocation. He reaches his hand out to grip Steve's shoulder, firmly but briefly. Just a little squeeze, just a second or two longer than strictly necessary."Dirty pictures, huh? 'S all right, I get it," he winks, and gracefully vaults over the back of the couch so that he's sitting right next to him, their thighs touching. Part of the game was dominating his space, real careful-like. Nothing too forward, just...pushing the boundaries, a little. God knows, he could probably just lean in and kiss him right now, take him right now, and he'd let him. But that'd mean an end to this little game, and Bucky was enjoying himself far, far too much to stop so soon.Steve goes even redder. "It ain't like that, and you know it." Well, of course Bucky knew it. He'd first noticed the way Steve was looking at him about two weeks ago, when he'd been going on about some queenie or another trailing after him down at Dempsey's, watching him dance with a hungry look on his face. Bucky'd made some flip comment, bragged about his being irresistible to everyone, and he'd caught that brief, hot flash in Steve's gaze that made him flick his eyes away real quick, clearing his throat real quiet before looking back up at him again. And just like that, Bucky realized what that look meant, and had grinned. He'd had the hots for Steve since he was fourteen, and yeah, maybe he was curious, now.Snorting, Bucky reaches across his lap for the sketchpad. "Sure it ain't. You're a fella, a fella's got needs...or, at least, this fella's been taking life drawing classes down at the college, nights. With nude lady models. Mighta given him ideas." He chuckles. Bucky'd bet dollars to donuts that latest sketch was a picture of him and not a young lady.Scowling, Steve whips the sketchbook just out of reach as he'd predicted he'd do, leaving Bucky with his arm stretched across Steve's legs, his torso turned so he's directly facing him. Steve blinks, staring at him like a deer in headlights, and Bucky can tell his throat's gone dry, because it makes a little clicking sound when he swallows. He lets one beat of silence hang in the air before straightening himself up with a sigh."All right, all right. Y' don't wanna tell me about your secret project, you don't hafta." He turns to tip a grin to Steve before stan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mutual Pining
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Impulse Control
Begging
Praise Kink
Restraints
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
First Time
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Frottage
Edging
Masturbation Interruptus
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Experienced Steve Rogers
Teasing
Dubious Consent
Dom Skinny!Steve
Kink Negotiation
Consensual Kink
Light Bondage
Light BDSM

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

