Work Text:

  

Loki's Spear - Lævateinn
   
New York during the invasion - after the Hulk slammed Loki into the floor
 Loki felt like he was moving through a vat of molasses, everything felt thick and heavy. His thoughts lumbered along like they had been weighed down by mountains, and he couldn't remember what it was he was supposed to be doing.As he lay there, his mind began to clear, slowly but surely. As it did, he witnessed everything that had happened since he fell off the Bifrost like they had happened to someone else, but he knew it had all happened to him. The more he remembered, the more his anger and hate grew.A boiling rage churned within, a rage directed at the Chitauri and their 'Master', the Mad Titan.That foul beast would pay for what he'd done! No-one controlled Loki! Least of all some witless coward who wouldn't command his own army against his enemies, but instead tried to 'use' Loki as if he were some beast-of-burden to be ordered around at another's whim.With a burst of clarity, his mind cleared like a noon-day sun breaking through storm clouds. He remembered. He remembered everything, and he would show them all, every Chitauri, every Jotun and every Aesir what happened when you angered the God of Chaos. OoOoO Tony jerked awake to the Hulk's roar ringing in his ears. He looked up to see Steve and Thor watching him for any sign of injury, and they both looked exhausted and spent."Please tell me no-one kissed me," the quip sent them all giggling in relief, before a howl that didn't belong to the Jolly Green Giant beside them made them all pause.All around them the Chitauri foot soldiers were menacing civilians and chasing them like rats in a maze, while the great whale ships rained destruction down from above with the help of the gliders. Though they had shut down the portal, the Chitauri already on Earth were still here and causing untold damage and loss of life.Thor almost took Clint's head off as he and Natasha suddenly appeared beside them, out of breath and looking like they gone ten rounds with a grizzly bear. Behind them, the Hulk was shrinking down into Bruce, who looked utterly exhausted and beat."So, we shut down the portal," Clint said. "Now what do we do?""Now," Steve stood, pulling Tony up with him. "We fight. Until every last Chitauri is stopped. Since we've cut off their reinforcements, I think we stand a chance now.""Loki," Thor blurted out. "If we capture him, we can force the Chitauri to surrender. An army can't function without their General."Tony's hand flew up to his ear but realised that he'd lost his com. His gaze darted around until they fell on a bank of screens in a shop window that had miraculously survived the destruction so far, and as he ran past he stole Steve's com from right out of his ear."Jarvis! You there, buddy?""I'm always here for you, sir," his AI replied.As the others gathered around the screens, Tony got Jarvis to display the surveillance videos from his penthouse which showed a room littered with debris and rubble, and a hole in the floor with a battered god in it."Zoom in," Tony leaned forward to get a better view. There was something wrong with the picture they were getting, for a moment there it looked like Loki's eyes were flickering.The camera lens focused in on a close up of his face, cuts and bruises showing all over his moon-pale skin, until his unfocused eyes could be seen clearly."Let's go get that bastard," Clint snarled, but was stopped by Tony's hand on his arm."Wait, do you see that?""See what, Man of Iron?" Thor asked. "We must move quickly, even with his injuries, Loki will not stay down long."Tony shushed him, "Wait, wait." Then he saw it again, that strange flickering effect in his eyes. "There! Did you see that?""I saw that," Bruce joined him in trying to puzzle out what was happening.As they all peered closer, the others saw what had intrigued the two geniuses in their midst. Loki's irises suddenly changed from a blue colour to a bright green, and as they watched, they flickered before settling back into blue. The effect was increasing in frequency even in the few minutes they had been watching, with the green taking over more and more, and the confused expression was clearing."Shouldn't we be restraining him before he recovers?" Natasha spoke up, eager to contain a threat that had ruined so many lives, and more importantly, hurt two of the only people she cared about."Thor, I need you to think very carefully, now," Tony turned to the one person on the planet that could answer the question. "What colour are Loki's eyes?"Said Asgardian just looked at him, puzzled, "Green, Son of Stark, they have always been green."Tony turned to Bruce, excited over solving a puzzle that had vexed him since this whole ordeal had started. "That's it! I got it!"Before he could expand on what he had 'got', Steve brought their attention back to the god on the screens as he pulled himself out of the indent he had made in the marble floor. As he got hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
BAMF Loki
Loki is a GOD
Powerful Loki
Mind Control

fandom: 
None
