Chapter 1: Ω1Ω
    




Chapter Text
Bucky knew from a young age that he was an omega. His parents had him tested early so they knew what to expect, what their son had coming for him. But looking at Bucky now at the young age of seventeen you'd think that he was an alpha with how strong he looked and how dominate the kid was. Hell, most of the time he smelt like an alpha thanks to the heat suppressants he's been having since he was eight to prevent his heat. Most people just assumed he was an alpha and never asked otherwise. It came in handy at times, having most of his classmates thinking he was like them and not something they could all try and mark as their own because everyone wanted a piece of Bucky Barnes. Only five people in Bucky's life knew the truth, his parents, Rebecca his younger sister, Natasha (a nearly always aggressive or protective beta) and Steve.
Steve is a different story. Everyone expected him to be an omega, everyone would take one look at him and just think omega. If Steve didn't know himself he'd think he was an omega even if he looked twice. He's small in almost every aspect, height, weight, bone structure, you name it. He also has what Bucky calls his 'petite' features which doesn't help his case. But if you can smell Steve Rogers then you know he's anything but an omega. His alpha scent is stronger then any alpha Bucky's ever smelt. It's intimidating and gets people looking around with their noses in the air, expecting to see some huge ass alpha marching on by to take off with all the omegas and even some betas. To say that people are shocked when they locate who's smell it is isn't right.
People always just look disappointed, and Steve doesn't blame them.
He's got more medical problems then what he can count on both hands and with that comes the problem of not being able to make any sort of muscle build. He's like a walking toothpick that smells like a freaking freight train filled with horny males. And Steve hates it.
Bucky sees his smell as a positive but he can't get Steve to look at it the same way. Before Steve turned thirteen and his scent became so strong he used to get into fights, a lot of fights that he couldn't win, not with his physical state and definitely not with his medical conditions. He would never tell Bucky if he started the fights or not, but Bucky would put a lot of his money on the chance that Steve did. The problem was that all the other alphas knew Steve was an alpha but he smelt so weak and he was just so small and to their eyes it was always survival of the fittest. Steve never stood a chance and Bucky would bet the rest of his money that Steve wouldn't have made it see his tenth birthday if Bucky wasn't around to constantly save his sorry ass.
It was a relief that soon after Steve turned thirteen his scent started to get stronger and with it the other alphas started to back off because even if Steve still looked small his smell screamed that he was anything but. Bucky had nearly chocked on his own saliva when he got a wiff of Steve's stronger scent. Steve still got into fights sometimes but it was only when the other alphas knew that there was no chance of Bucky showing up to kick their asses because even though his fake alpha scent was weak he was stronger then a lot of the alphas physically.
To sum it up the two of them were intimidating in their own ways but by no means 'unstoppable'. If they were to be complied into one being, taking Steve's smell and attitude and putting it with Bucky's physical appearance and wit, you'd have an alpha so perfect that people would thank them for breathing. But that's not how the world works and between the two of them they have more problems then what should be possible for such young adults.
Both of them being almost inseparable and like they can't breathe without the other probably doesn't help.

ΩΑΩ

It's late June and the weather hasn't exactly been great in the past few weeks but it's worse for a lot of the omegas. The hotter weather has been causing a lot of them to fall into heat unexpectedly. Even with the suppressants, Bucky has been all over the place with worry. Natasha has to constantly tell him to stop for a moment, take a breath and count to ten whenever she can without their friends noticing because he can't stop freaking out over it. He's made it through multiple summers much like this one without an incident but it doesn't make it any less worse because he's seventeen Nat, and the longer I go without having my first heat the worse it's gonna be. Natasha gets why he doesn't want to be open about being an omega, why he doesn't want people to know but she can't grasp why he's making a big deal of it. Yes, she understands that he doesn't want all the alphas that so clearly think the things I'd do to you if you were an omega coming after him when they find out he in fact is one but she doesn't get why it's a problem for him. He could take them all on and everyone knows it because he's done it before wit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Beta Natasha Romanov
Stucky - Freeform
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
power bottom bucky barnes
Dominant Steve Rogers
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rimming
Fluff and Smut
Smut
BDSM
Marvel Universe
steve rogers - Freeform
bucky barnes is a lil shit
Bucky Barnes - Freeform
Sex Toys
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Sexual Content
Wild Sex
Hot Sex
Fluff
Feels
stucky feels
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Masturbation
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Making Love
Making Out
fuck gag relexes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
all of the sex
Prostate Milking
milking that prostate like a pro bro
Overstimulation
omega rebecca
cheesy romantics
Virgin Bucky
steve isn't a virgin
Loss of Virginity
Panic Attacks
bucky has anxiety
editing tags as I go
omega rumlow
brock rumlow - Freeform
Alpha Wade
Wade Has Issues
'cured' wade
do side characters need tags?
I feel like side characters need tags
possible spideypool
Beta/Omega
Alpha/Alpha
timothy"dumdum"dugan
Alpha Nova
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Sam Alexander
yes side characters need tags
Alpha Peter
Beta Sam
Omega Clint
Alpha Sharon
Omega Maria
sharon carter/maria hill - Freeform
Clintasha - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

