Work Text:
“Well,” Clint said, glancing round, “this sucks.”
Steve glared at him; Natasha gave him a dead-eyed stare. Bruce, long since de-Hulked and too used to the aftereffects to be embarrassed by his nudity, smiled a little. “What gave it away?” he murmured, and Tony rasped out a laugh.
“OK,” he heaved himself upright into a sitting position, the suit creaking ominously as he moved. “So, what’ve we got?”
“A Norse God thoroughly distracted by his very disturbed brother and a cave-in,” Clint told him briskly. “Cap’s super-strength ain’t shifting this stuff like we need, the Hulk can’t help, and I’m all out of explosives, so unless your fancy suit’s up to strength again, we’re waiting for rescue.”
“Whoever comes through that lot,” Steve nodded at the wall of fallen rock, “may not be friendly. This is Loki’s hunting ground, remember.”
“I don’t think any of us are in much danger of forgetting,” Natasha returned smartly. “Look, we’ve gotta get out of here or get ready for whatever’s coming. We can’t assume friendlies are coming for us, and if they are, we can’t assume that they’ll get here first, so we need a plan. Stark?”
“Honeypie?” Tony raised an eyebrow at her, the face-plate long gone. 
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Any luck with your suit?”
“Power’s down,” he told her, and ignored Clint’s groan. “And I’m pretty sure it’s not coming back on.”
“I thought that thing ran indefinitely?” Bruce asked, frowning, pointing at the arc reactor. “How can the power be down?”
“Receptors are damaged,” Tony explained briefly, banging one gauntlet against his chest plate. “This thing’ll keep powering my heart, but it won’t power the suit without a fix. Which,” he continued before anyone could complain, “I can’t do here.”
“So we’re stuck,” Natasha said flatly. “Now would be the time to plan. Hawkeye, Cap, on me; Banner, unless the other guy’s gonna make another appearance, you keep Stark occupied. Neither of you are any use to us as you are.”
Bruce and Tony shared a long look. “Well, now we know where the Avengers stand on brawn over brain,” Tony joked lightly. “Help me get this off, would you?”
Bruce gave the suit a doubtful glance. “Where do I start?”
“There’s a catch – back of the neck. That’ll start things off.” 
Bruce scrabbled for a moment at the join between the helmet and the torso of the armour, finally getting a finger under the catch and tugging. The torso cracked at the shoulders, taking the arms with it. “You’re gonna need to help me with the gauntlets,” Tony said, still sat in half his suit, and acting like he hadn’t just given the Hulk the clue to taking away his greatest weapon and protection. “I need fine motor control for ’em, and these,” he wiggled his fingers awkwardly, “just don’t give me that.”
Bruce took one of Tony’s gauntleted hands and started looking for a way to get them off manually without taking most of Tony’s hand with it. “Are you sure it’s a good idea to have that catch there?” he asked, low, and Tony shrugged.
“There’s another one round on the inside of my wrist, should get the gauntlet off. And yeah, of course it is. The suit’s great and all – I mean, really, bar none, no one could do what I did – but when power goes down? The Mark VI armour weighed two hundred and forty pounds, Banner, this one probably more. I can’t move in it. If I’m in it and the power’s down, then I’ve gotta be able to get out of it, or it’s a coffin.” Startled, Bruce glanced up at him, and Tony met his eyes with a rather bitter grin. “Kinda like the Hulk, you see?” he said very quietly. “Our best efforts feed off the worst parts of us. This bad boy,” he tapped the arc reactor with his spare hand, “I wouldn’t need it if I hadn’t invented the weapons that gave me all that shrapnel.  The suit? Would never have been invented if people hadn’t wanted me to build weapons for ’em.”
The gauntlet came loose with a sharp clang, and all Bruce waved a hand as Natasha, Clint and Steve jerked round to look at them. “Sorry,” he gave them an apologetic smile. “We’re good here.”
Steve appeared over Tony’s left shoulder. “Everything OK?”
“Banner’s just helping me slip into something more comfortable,” Tony said with a grin. “Or slip out of something uncomfortable, but you get the gist.”
Steve gave Bruce a quick look, and shrugged. “Need any help?” he asked, and since Tony was already fiddling with his other gauntlet, Bruce was the only one who noticed that he was hovering just a little too close.
“Nah, I’m good, now that I’ve got a hand free. The armour’s great and all, but it’s not so brilliant for detail work, so.” The other gauntlet came off and he started feeling around the bottom half of the suit for what was doubtless another catch to get the legs of the armour to come free. “I’ve got a couple of ideas.”
“That is never a good sentence to hear out of your mouth, Stark,” Natasha told him, and all three of them jumped.
“I am going to get you fitted with a bell,” Tony said, pointing at her. “Seriously, Jesus. My heart cannot take this 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark (friendship)

freeform: 
Mad Science
Self-Sacrifice
Hurt/Comfort
Mild Angst
Tony Stark Has Issues
full disclosure saves lives
or at least a lot of stress
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark (friendship)

