Chapter 1: We all fall down
    


Notes:
AU where Steve and Tony are Peter's dads. Yep, it's a superfamily-one. I blame tumblr. Probably a mix between comic- and movie-verse. (Timeline, what timeline?)Beta-read by the lovely Ishilde - everything that's good about this fic is due to her, the remaining mistakes are all mine.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"Uncle Bruce…?" "Peter?" Bruce's voice sounded thin and fuzzy through the Stark phone; the reception was kind of shaky down here. "Hi. I'm kind of busy right now… Oh, wait a minute. Where are you? Your dads were searching for you earlier, I think…""Yeah, I imagine. I…uhm…" Peter swallowed hard and tried again. "Actually this is really embarrassing." He tried to laugh, but it turned into a cough. "Are you okay?" "Yes. No? Maybe. I guess? I mean…mostly. Yeah. I'm practically…almost…really…okay.""Peter."
Peter flinched. Bruce's voice was eerily calm now. He sounded as if he was doing yoga in his mind to keep calm. At least that's what his dad always said when Bruce started to sound like this."It's actually kind of funny," Peter hurried to add. "It's a fun story. A…a child-friendly story about your friendly neighborhood Spiderman. Really…it's funny and…""Where are you?""Don't tell my dads, okay?" he blurted out. "Oh God, please don't tell my dads, they're going to kill me or worse they're going to ground me until I'm old enough for retirement and I'm not even joking. They keep talking about grounding me until I'm thirty, which is seriously unfair because how am I supposed to survive fifteen years of imprisonment and…""Peter, where are you?" Now Bruce was definitely doing yoga. There was rustling at the other end of the line as if he had stood up and was walking somewhere. Peter took a deep breath. And another. His hands were shaking. That wasn't good. Why were his hands shaking? "I…I'm not sure.""What?""That's…it's just… I told you it was a funny story!"Except it wasn't funny. It really, really wasn't.
It was dark and cold and in the blue-ish light of his Stark phone the blood on his fingertips looked almost black. It was his own, which made everything so much worse. "Please…" He said, his voice sounding small and alien even to his own ears. He blinked to clear his blurring vision. "Don't tell them. I'll be fine. I could be home by dinner and they would never have to know! You know how dad is - he's just going to beat himself up over it. And they're going to fight again. And it would all be for nothing, right? Because you could just come and get me…please?"
He was pretty sure he sounded as small and childish as he felt right now, stuck in the pitch blackness. "Listen Peter…everything's going to be okay," Bruce said calmly. "But you have to tell me where you are. What do you remember? What happened?" "It's really dark," Peter said and frowned at himself. That wasn't really helpful, was it? His brain felt muddled, like scrambled eggs.
Steve had made scrambled eggs for him this morning, he remembered distantly. A little bit on the salty side and way too overcooked but he had looked at him so expectantly that Peter hadn't had the heart to tell him that. Was it okay that he just wanted to be home now? "-ter? Peter!" Bruce wasn't sounding so yoga anymore. He actually sounded a little bit breathless, as if he was walking really fast. "I'm still here. I'm not going anywhere. Not that I could, you know? That's why I was calling… I'm a little bit stuck here." "Listen, stay where you are. We'll get you, okay? We'll get you." "Okay. Sure. I'll just stay here. And wait." It took almost a minute until Peter realized he had said 'we'. WE. Not I.
Which could only mean one thing. Oh shit…oh shit… no, no, no…!"Uncle Bruce?" he asked, slightly panicked. "Please don't tell…""Peter!"
Peter flinched. Even through the wobbly connection Tony managed to sound furious. "Where the hell are you? You should've been home hours ago!" "I know…Dad, I'm sorry. I can explain… I guess…?" Peter realized he was babbling. It was an effect his father's disapproval always had on him. That and head traumas. "There was a situation…and I really wanted to call for help, but there was no time and I really had to…""I can't believe you!" Added another voice. It was Steve. Steve who sounded really angry and really disappointed. Peter groaned. Oh, that wasn't good. With Tony it was all bark and no bite, but when Steve got really angry, he was all cold rage and disappointed glares and if Peter could bear anything less than Tony's guilt trips than it was Steve's silent disappointment. "We talked about that! No Spiderman-business without informing us first!" Somewhere in the background Bruce was obviously trying to say something, but nobody was listening to him anymore. Well Peter could have told him his attempts would be fruitless, because nobody ever listened to him either. Certainly not his dads, who sounded as though they were going at each other's thro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

