Work Text:
If Tony had been taking bets on what Captain America would be like in bed – which honestly he’d have never expected to find out so he wouldn’t have been betting in the first place - he’d have laid out money that Steve would be the toppiest top who ever topped. He wouldn't have been wrong either; for all his naive charm, Steve hasn't got one ounce of compunction about pinning Tony to the bed - or desk, or hood of the car - and fucking him so hard breathing's just a fond memory. Thing is, he wouldn't have exactly won that wager either, because while Steve can be one toppy motherfucker, he's just as happy to roll over and let Tony be the one in the driver's seat. Moans for it like a porn star, actually. Fuck, it's hot.The thing he'd have never expected, didn't even occur to him to think about it, is that Steve is both adventurous and insatiable. Admittedly, both of them seem obvious once he put them in the right context - after all, Steve volunteered for an untested, body-altering medical procedure just to get a chance to go head to head with Nazis. Guy is not boring. And thanks to all of that, he's also the epitome of the human male physiology, which basically adds up to sex drive, sex drive, and more sex drive. If sex drive was a sport, Steve would be in NASCAR.It's fucking fantastic. It's also possibly shortening Tony's lifespan by significant degrees.He hears the air-lock on the door swish open mostly because he's been having a hard time focusing with the soft, dusky shape of the finger bruises on his wrist snaring his attention every thirty seconds. Sparks of memory catching in his mind like dry grass - Steve's fingers pressing into him before he was even really awake, big hands on his arms, the back of his neck, holding him still when he tried to squirm and make Steve go faster, harder, the jolting heat that fanned out along his nerves when Steve gave him exactly what he asked for with enough force that Tony ended up pressed against the headboard by the time he came, shivering and helpless. Somebody woke up on the He-man side of the bed today and Tony is not about to complain.Steve hovers just out of touching distance, still close enough for Tony sense him like he's got his own center of gravity."What are you working on?" The question is quiet enough that if Tony had actually been accomplishing anything he'd have probably blocked it out. Almost pulls off the whole innocently curiously thing, but Tony knows Steve’s tones too well for that.He hedges anyway, "Nothing urgent. What's up?" Because as enthusiastic as Steve is about sex, the actual procurement of it still makes him adorably nervous. Tony can't resist torturing him with it a little.Steve shuffles awkwardly, blush already rising. He still cocks his hip against Tony's worktable though, almost casual except for how it throws the shape of his abs under his too-tight t-shirt into sharp relief. He is really getting the hang of this seduction thing. Or has just learned how to use Tony’s weaknesses against him. Knowing Steve, it’s probably the latter."Not much," he shrugs, "I thought you might need a break or something.""Or something, huh?" Tony raises an eyebrow just to watch the shade of pink in Steve's cheeks darken. He checks the clock, as much for his own curiosity as for effect. "It's only been two hours."Steve's getting redder and redder, but the set of his mouth is defensive, because god forbid that anyone ever accuse Steve of actually wanting something for himself. "We don't ha- I meant lunch or something, not- I don't need it all the time, you know, regardless of what you seem to think.""Of course you do." Tony spins on his stool to snag a finger in the belt loop of Steve's jeans. Reals him in like that and just that fact that Steve lets it happen makes a dirty lie out of his whole justification. "You're up for a fuck any time, anywhere. It's one of my top-" he has to stop for a second, reshuffle the scoreboard to account for the coffee Steve brought him after their shower; it will all change a dozen more times before the day is over anyway. "- seven favorite things about you."Steve looks all set to say something about that, probably wanting to know what else is on the list and in what order and that's going to be way too sappy for Tony to deal with so he slides his hands under the back of Steve's shirt for a distraction. Works like a charm too. Skin pebbles over thick muscle against Tony's palms, soft fabric shimmying further up Steve's torso as he drags up, thumbing at ribs and tracing the path of a shiver that rolls through Steve's lats."Do you know how hot it is," he says with his mouth making damp shapes on the wide swatch of skin exposed on Steve's belly, "to be with somebody who's always hungry for it?""I assume you realize that I'm sleeping with you," comes out of Steve too breathy for their usual verbal sparring. Tony decides to take it as a compliment anyway - it's true.One of Steve's hands is resting on his shoulder, the ot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot
Costume Kink
Identity Porn
Wall Sex
Armor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

