Work Text:

i.
He wails like Frigga is going to murder him, squirms in his seat before hopping off and running over to Loki. They are children, cheeks still rounded and red with their youth. Thor hides behind Loki, clutching his shoulders and burying his face in his shoulder. Frigga sighs at them, still crouched, scissors in her hand. They run circles around her.  "I don't want to cut it," Thor says, voice muffled in Loki's tunic. "You hurt me!""Because you squirm like a snake, child." Frigga's smile is a tired one. "It needs to be done."Thor shakes his head."Loki has had his hair cut," Frigga says, and Thor does look up at that. He stares at Loki, and Loki stares back, his smile lopsided. Thor clutches at his own hair. It's tangled and falling around his shoulders, stubborn baby curls licking at his cheeks. He doesn't want to cut it. He's a prince, he should be able to do whatever he wants."I don't care," he says. "I don't want it cut."Frigga sighs, setting the scissors down on the table. "You test me, darling. But it shall be done tomorrow."She gathers them both up in her arms, despite Thor's protests, their legs kicking out behind her. They share a room still, just opposite their mother and father's, beds pushed together. Frigga drops them both into bed, kisses their foreheads before snuffing out the light.They lay in the darkness together only minutes before Loki crawls over to Thor's bed. Thor sits up, squinting in the darkness."Loki?""Of course it's me," Loki says. "Sit up."Thor does without question. There's a moment of silence in the darkness, and then Loki lights one of the torches. In the light, Thor can see the scissors in Loki's hand. He frowns."Brother, what are you—""Hush," Loki says. "Turn around."Thor understands now. He laughs."You can't cut my hair."Loki scowls at him. "Yes I can. Turn around."It takes a moment for Thor to obey, still warily eying the scissors Loki holds. His brother is no stranger to mischief. But Thor does trust him, so he turns, perching himself on the edge of the mattress."If you hurt me I'll hurt you worse," he says, and can feel Loki's grin behind him.The first run of Loki's fingers through his hair makes Thor jump. He's gentle, surprisingly so, maybe because he hands are still so tiny. Loki combs Thor's hair out with his fingers, so careful that Thor barely feels it. He sits silent, eyes shut as Loki removes the tangles and his hair feels like silk. Then Loki starts to cut. Thor breathes out."Careful, brother.""I am," says Loki.It is the truth. He's gentle in a way Thor does not understand yet, trimming off the dead ends and collecting them in his hand, little wisps of blond hair like spider webs. When Loki is finished, he runs his fingers through Thor's hair once more. Thor turns around and they face each other on the bed, squinting at each other, noses nearly pressed together."Well," Thor says, "how does it look?"Loki smiles. "It is perfect."
ii. 
Loki waits for word, three days and nights. They are on the edge of Nornheim, the edge of battle, Thor and Odin somewhere deep in the heart of the realm. Loki stays behind with the rest of the flank."There is no room for magic in this battle," Odin had said, and his words made Loki cringe but he said nothing. He waited.He still waits.On the third night, the horns sound the warrior's return and Loki emerges from his tent, anxious. He sees Odin but looks past him for his brother, any sign of him at all. Loki doesn't recognize him at first, there is so much blood. His hair is red and black with dirt, face streaked with it, and he holds his left side, leaning on his horse for support.Thor is smiling."A mighty victory," Odin says, and everyone cheers, a chorus.Loki watches Thor carefully, but Thor won't meet his eyes. It was his first battle, a trial of his coming into manhood. He's succeeded valiantly, Mjölnir strapped at his side. Loki walks to him but Thor goes right past, dismounts his horse before embracing the other warriors, voice deep with laughter. Yet his smile is off. No one seems to notice but Loki.He follows Thor into his tent."Brother," Loki says. "You seem odd."Thor shrugs, pulling at his armor. "The nerve of battle still flows within me."Loki frowns at him, says his name quietly, almost like a spell. Thor doesn't look at him. He pulls off the rest of his armor methodically, almost robotic until he is stripped down to his breeches. Then Thor looks into the mirror. He watches himself with a detachment that terrifies Loki, makes him want to ask and prod but he knows better. He stays silent until Thor speaks."I took four lives," he says, so soft that Loki barely hears him.The wind outside howls."Brother," Loki says."I did not expect…" Thor shudders. He doesn't want to let the others see him like this, shaken by battle. It is the first time Thor has taken life. "I hear their screams in the wind, brother."Loki touches him for the first time, hand on Thor's shoulder, which is burning hot. There is blood in his hair, d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki/Thor

