Work Text:
She feels for the shape of her knees, because why not? She might have left everything behind in the war, but she still has this. Her knees, her body, the set of her shoulders as she picks up the gym bag and walks out the door. Sweat stains her skin like paint on a church window, and she can't bear to look at anybody, not even Agent Philippa Coulson when she waylays her in the compound hallway."Captain Rogers," Coulson says. "Can I have a word?""You need me," she says, cutting to the chase. It's a plain fact and Stephanie Rogers has always been for stating the plain facts. She starts rolling the tension out of her shoulders."We need you," Coulson affirms, and Stephanie knows the way she looks at her, mixed awe and reverence. Stephanie's stomach flips. What has she done in this modern world to earn that? She's just a doll in ice, a toy SHIELD bought on its expensive defrosting budget. But then Coulson says Tesseract, and Stephanie feels the shape of her knees, the tilt of the floor, the sudden rush of blood to her head. "Captain," Coulson repeats, adding meaningful emphasis to that word. Stephanie Rogers is the Super Soldier, the first genetically engineered American for the battlefield, and the first woman to rise to that rank. Peggy told her from the beginning, you're special, you're going to make it easier for our daughters and our nieces, be strong. Some days, though, she thinks: I'm just a relic, a freak."Well, to be fair," Coulson says when Stephanie mutters her thoughts out loud, "they're all freaks too.""Who?" she asks. 
 "You're very blonde," Antonia Stark says the first time she meets  Captain America, and Stephanie tugs at her ponytail self-consciously."I can't exactly help it.""It's not a criticism, Cap," Toni says, stepping back from the table. "The world's round, Loki is out to turn us into worm meat, and you're blonde like whoa." She peers at Stephanie, grinning. "Nice abs too."They're going to tell her to stop it. Fury is going to step into the room and tell Toni to knock it off. No making Captain America blush. No staring at her beneath the weight of Toni's eyelashes, watching the way Rogers moves from one end of the room to the other. She's no supermodel. She's not even Natasha. Her movements are brisk and efficient, and already Toni is fascinated.Rogers doesn't like her, though. She sees in Stephanie's mobile face what she's seen in all the others: Toni Stark, talks too much, drinks too much, plays with fire and burns down the house. Well, it's not like she can do more damage than what Loki's already done, and her mouth quirks as she slinks into her seat and pulls out her datapad. Pepper's sending her important messages. She should probably see to them.Stephanie paces the room two times, until Toni says, "Jesus Christ, you're making me nauseous. Sit down."Toni taps her nails on the datapad for good measure. They're hard and shiny, the colour of dried blood, the colour of iron. 
 In Calcutta, the wind moves through Bruce's bones and she has to concentrate very hard until she's able to smile at Natasha Romanova. Until she can pretend she's a harmless creature waiting to hear what Romanova has to say. Bruce knows about her, of course. Their paths have crossed in the way that a monster's path crosses with everyone's, moving through the fairy tales in the wreckage and the ruin. But Bruce doesn't want to be that anymore, and when the wind moves through her bones, stirring her cells into anticipation, she thinks, Stop.Her parents named her Bruce because they wanted a boy, and she wasn't. SHIELD names her a priority because they want a monster, and she isn't.She's not their monster, anyway. She isn't even her own.But then there's that strange, fickle narrative, the one they don't mention in the stories: not pride, not glory, not patriotism. But curiosity. Agent Romanova is so calm as to be angelic, but her hands move with the deadly precision of piano keys, and Bruce allows herself to believe, if only for a moment, that this will be a good idea.She sticks her hands into her pockets and rocks on her heels. "I think," she says mildly, "you're quite desperate for the Other Woman. I've got to warn you: she's a homewrecker."Natasha smiles. 
 It's night-time in Stuttgart, and as the lights of the ballroom cut through the shadows in strips, Natasha assesses the new recruits and what they can do for her. Her initial survey isn't positive. They're volatile and self-obsessed in the case of Stark, stubborn and self-pitying for Rogers. Banner is harder to read because Banner is both the problem and not the problem at all — Banner drinks tea in the rooms they've given her and reads Hemingway with her feet propped up on her desk. It helps her think, she claims, and in the margins of her books there are diagrams of the Tesseract in blue ballpoint ink.Natasha has her opinions, but she tries not to draw conclusions just yet. Inconclusive evidence. Until tonight, she hasn't even seen them in a fight. There
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

