Work Text:
Thor was doubtful at first, but he had by now exhausted all his own devices. Beating Loki had not sufficed; neither had remonstrating with him upon his folly, nor pleading: Loki sullenly bore the first, laughed at the second, spurned the last. Thor's desperation was growing: it seemed to him Loki steeped himself ever further in bitterness and rage, and his attacks grew more frequent. And so it was at last he yielded to Natasha's encouragement, and sought the aid of the Avengers therapist. The woman to whom Natasha presented him seemed ordinary enough, too young to be a proper crone, and her questions did not inspire Thor to great confidence at first. She did not seem to understand why Loki should have been distressed to learn himself a frost giant. "But I have assured him that I love him nevertheless," Thor said earnestly, "despite the evil of his nature," at which she only stared at him in silence for several minutes. Thor had almost decided to go, when she demanded what evidence Thor had, of frost giants being all of them evil, and Thor was astonished to discover he had none, properly. He could not even recall his father having told him so, despite all his tales of the wars. "But then why should Loki have gone so mad and wicked?" he asked plaintively. He saw no other reason, though unable to quarrel with her point that Loki would have gone mad at a younger age if it had been merely a matter of blood.She then offered him a lengthy explanation which Thor followed not at all, of Loki's confusion and something internalized and a thing called a psychotic having broken within him: perhaps this last was some Midgardian name for the smaller bone of the lower leg, which Loki had cracked upon a metal strut during their last battle. Thor knew not how to make much sense of it. All his life, when faced with such circumstances, he had sought Loki and made him listen in his stead and either explain or, more oft than not, assure him he did not need to know, so long as Loki did.Nevertheless, he said politely, "I thank you," as he was persuaded of her wisdom, though beyond his own ken. "But how may I save him?"She appalled him then by suggesting that Loki could only be saved by himself, when plainly Loki was in no condition to do so. She heard his protests out and gently said that Thor could only try to restrain Loki from acts of harm to himself and others, and assure Loki meanwhile of his love."How am I to do so?" Thor said, seizing upon the one opening which offered him a chance of some action. "I have already told him —""I wouldn't really recommend having that conversation again," the therapist said. "I'd suggest you stick to physical demonstrations of affection, to be honest." "What?" Thor said. "Give him hugs," the therapist said. "When he'll stand still for them."Thor wandered out stunned by the idea: it would never have occurred to him. It was all the more valuable for that, and he eagerly attempted to put it into practice the next opportunity which offered. Loki of course did not stand still for the hug, but that difficulty, Thor knew how to address. "What are you doing?" Loki demanded, after Thor had managed with much effort to pinion his arms to his sides and envelop him in his arms. "I am hugging you," Thor explained. "That you may know I love you, despite your madness."Loki—he was craning his head back from the embrace—stared at him. "Oh, I see," Loki said. "You do?" Thor said in rising hope. He had not dared to believe this might work so swiftly. "Yes," Loki said, then stabbed a blade of ice deep into Thor's belly. "I see you are a fool," he hissed, as Thor slid to his knees groaning, "who has forgotten I am not your brother."And so he fled the field. The therapist sighed when Thor had described to her the failure of the scheme, and said he could not hope for some immediate or swift result: long patience might be required. "Also, nonconsensual hugging is not a good idea," she added, but as Thor could not envision Loki hugging him willingly, he did not pay that much mind, but merely steeled himself for a long effort and also acquired a breastplate which more thoroughly protected his vitals.The hugging seemed at first rather to infuriate and madden Loki to new heights; it drew also the condemnation of some of his allies. "Thor, no offense," Tony Stark said, "but the love-in is just not working for me. Something about how Loki keeps managing to escape while you're busy hugging him instead of putting him in chains? Also our PR firm is going to quit over having to explain why one of us keeps snuggling the bad guy in public."Thor persevered, however, until on the sixth occasion Loki's eyes glittered savagely and he hissed, "If you so badly require more evidence we are not kin, I will give it to you," then closed the distance between them and kissed him upon the mouth.Thor, startled, released him; Loki laughed wildly and vanished. "No!" Thor roared, and flung Mjolnir down in frustration: he had begun to mar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Crack
nonconsensual hugging

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

