Work Text:
The first time Foggy notices something is wrong is when they go to an Italian joint together.
It’s way more expensive than Foggy is used to, but damn it they had just finished an incredibly tricky case law test and Foggy’s got more bills stuffed in his wallet than he’s normally used to, thanks Mom, and a hankering for a good dish of mezzaluna pasta crammed full of enough cheese to clog his arteries five times over. Matt flashes a crooked grin as Foggy bumps against his shoulder, singing his praises of meat sauce and pasta.
“Seriously, dude, you gotta let this one be on me, I got fat stacks burning a hole in my pocket and I am really feeling that one place on the corner that’s always so packed you need a reservation to get in. C’mon, buddy. Let’s eat.”
Foggy thinks he sees an odd look come over Matt’s face but it’s already dark out and Foggy can barely tell Matt’s rolling his eyes at him half the time due to those admittedly cheap drugstore sunglasses, so he doesn’t push it. Besides, Matt’s probably just tired. What with being a nerd who wants to graduate summa cum laude even if it means his ears fall off listening to his textbooks on tape and all.
“Alright,” Matt finally concedes, squeezing Foggy’s arm fondly. “You won me. Let’s go eat.”
Except when Foggy meant eat he meant the kind of chowing down that involves mountains of pasta and garlic bread and more wine than is advisable. Matt frowns and orders a salad, the cheapest one on the menu – and yes, he asked the waiter to list the prices for him. Foggy checked the menu to make sure Matt wasn’t getting ripped off.
“Dude,” Foggy hisses at Matt, leaning over after the waiter has left with a promise to bring a bottle of Merlot, “I appreciate that you didn’t burn me by ordering, like, lobster, but who the fuck orders a Caesar salad at the best Italian joint in Morningside Heights? Have you gone nuts?”
Matt shrugs. “I’m not that hungry.”
Foggy squints at him before biting suspiciously into a hunk of garlic bread. “I’m giving you a Look right now, Murdock,” he intones, but decides not to chase the subject. Matt’s stubborn as a mule, he knows that, he lives with the guy. Trying to keep after Matt’s bizarre dietary choices would just result in an argument Foggy just wasn’t interested in having, so he changes the subject and grins when Matt’s eyes crinkle at the edges, a hint at the beginnings of laughter. He notices that Matt barely eats half of the salad.
Foggy pretends not to watch when Matt’s changing his shirt later that night. Doesn’t mention that, despite Matt’s flat stomach and strong shoulders, he can still count the ribs that Matt’s skin is drawn tight over.
Matt turns around. Foggy can see the ridges of his spine as he bends, count every individual vertebrae. He scrubs a palm tiredly over his eyes.
“G’night, Matt.”
“Goodnight, Fog.”
-
Matt never buys new clothes.
Foggy notices this about three quarters of their way through their first year at Columbia. For some reason, Matt is absolutely allergic to buying new clothing. Not even when moths chew holes in his sweaters and his collars go ragged. Foggy looks down and notes that Matt’s shoes are in a similar state, caked with mud and shredded at the edges of the canvas where his pinkie toes would be. 
“Matt,” Foggy begins, and Matt’s thick eyebrows already tent in confusion. Great, he just knows he laid the concern on too thick with just one syllable. Good going, Nelson. But it’s too late now; he has to finish what he started. “Do you, uh, do you need to go clothes shopping? Because I could take you clothes shopping. If you need someone to tell you how things look, and, uh. Yeah.”

Smooth.

Matt’s eyebrows crease and Foggy dies a little inside. Oh god, Matt probably thinks he just got insulted or something. Jesus.
“Am – am I wearing something that doesn’t match?”
“No, Matt, it’s –“ Foggy searches for the right words. “You’ve got holes in some of your clothes and I, uh, I figured you might be in the market for some new stuff. So I’m volunteering to take you shopping!” He nudges Matt a little too hard, trying to alleviate the damage he perceives himself to have done. “It’s what buddies do! Whaddya say?”
Matt’s mouth, so nicely shaped, purses into a thin white line, and Foggy notices his throat move, swallowing. “Foggy, I appreciate your concern,” he replies, in a terse tone, “but my clothes are just fine. They serve their purpose. I don’t need to replace things that still work.”
Foggy doesn’t argue with him, just utters a weak “oh, that’s cool, then,” and promptly books it to – somewhere. Hanging out in the dorm with Matt just became unbearably awkward. He’d rather take his chances with getting nailed in the head with a Frisbee on the commons than sit in there with Matt for any longer.
But – Matt was being kind of a dick about this. And pretty much all of his sweaters were damaged, and – god damn it. Before Foggy knows what he’s doing he might be in an American Apparel and he might have just found the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
matt doesn't love himself
so foggy makes it his mission to love matt FOR him
warning for disordered eating
Frottage
Dirty Talk
First Time
but like for the both of them
they aren't virgins

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

