Work Text:
"Barnes!! In my office!"Bucky jerked his head away from his monitor, where he'd been making final edits on his latest story, and frowned at Natasha's back as she wove her way through the bullpen cubicles and to her small office at the end of the hallway.  "What the fuck was that?" he asked, puzzled.Darcy, who covered the arts and entertainment beat and had the cube next to his, shrugged.  "No clue, babe, but the Black Widow does not sound happy right now.  What'd you do?  Piss off any heads of state or senators lately?""Not in the last week," Bucky replied with a grin, then stood and grabbed his notebook and pen.  "And you know she hates that nickname."She gave another shrug, supremely unconcerned with the state of their editor's feelings.  "'S why I only use it when she's not around to hear.""She's got ears everywhere, Darcy.""I'll take my chances."  Darcy waved in the direction of Natasha's office.  "Now go, before she sends a search party."He sketched out a quick two-fingered salute as he turned.  "Yes, ma'am.""And don't forget it!" Darcy called after him.When he walked in, Natasha was busy typing away on her keyboard.  "Shut the door," she said, without looking up.He did as asked, and stood, arms crossed, watching her until she finished whatever it was she was doing.  If she was going to yell at him for any reason, he'd rather not be sitting for it.  Although he really couldn't remember anything he'd done (at least, lately) to warrant getting yelled at.  Mostly, he'd been compiling all of his notes and interviews from his latest assignment.Finally, she turned away from the computer and gave him an amused smirk.  "Relax, Barnes, I'm not firing you.""I know you're not."  He was the best investigative journalist she had and everyone on staff knew it.  If she even tried to fire him, he knew The New York Times and Vanity Fair would offer him a job on the spot.  He stuck around because he was a loyal sort of guy, and believed in what the paper was doing.  That, and he liked the people he worked with."Got a new assignment for you."  She handed him a sheet of paper.  "You're flying out of JFK tonight, itinerary's all there."Bucky scanned the sheet, then looked up with a frown.  "This is a joke, right."She shook her head.  "No joke.  You were asked for by name.""Darcy's the entertainment reporter, not me.""I know, you're a serious journalist," Natasha said, with an exaggerated eye roll, "and I get that, but even Sebastian Junger's lowered himself to do the occasional celebrity interview.  And this is a serious coup, James.  Steve Rogers has never sat down with a member of the press and given an interview.  Ever.  Do you know how rare that is for the fourth-string star on a cable reality show, much less the biggest movie star in the world?""Sure," Bucky replied, with a shrug.  And yeah, he'd had some vague idea that the guy was pretty press shy, but celebrity gossip and shit like that sort of rolled off of him without really sticking.  He moved in vastly different circles.  The only time he even had time to watch movies and TV shows was on flights.  He could maybe name three of Steve's films off the top of his head, and had only really liked one of those.  "Still don't see what that has to do with me.""Because he asked for you and only you.  Because this is an interview that every single news outlet and magazine and blog and person with a fucking microphone has been trying to get since his first film and it just fell into our laps.  Because this interview will mean publicity and eyeballs and clicks, which means advertising, which means money, which means we get to keep our jobs and you get funding to continue to report on whatever the next great humanitarian issue is and earn your second Pulitzer."Bucky waited, sure she was bluffing, and frowned when she didn't crack a smile or even blink.  "You're really serious about this, are you?"She smiled, closed-lipped, and pointed at the sheet of paper in his hand.  "Your flight to Los Angeles is in five hours.  I suggest you go home and pack a bag."***He spent the six hour flight from New York to Los Angeles pulling up every scrap of information he could about one Steve Rogers.  There wasn't a whole lot.  Born in New York, but went to RADA in London, spent a couple of years treading the boards and winning award after award on the West End until Tony Stark, one of the biggest producers in Hollywood, had come to personally beg him on bended knee to take the role of Captain America.  Steve had (probably for the ridiculous paycheck, Bucky surmised) said yes, and the first film had broken box office record after box office record, and after that, he'd been anointed the Savior of Hollywood.  It seemed like every role Steve Rogers took, from the Captain America sequels to his other action films, to supporting roles in much smaller "prestige" (read: Awards bait) movies, turned to gold.  He was this generation's Tom Cruise (minus the crazy) and Brad Pitt (minus the famo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Celebrity
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Journalism
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Actor Steve Rogers
Journalist Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

