Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Despite what everyone thought, it had not started as something intentionally related to the codename he’d been given. Rather, it was a function of how he was often stationed in high places for long periods of time - you had to keep hydrated, and well nourished, and have proper clothing for changes in weather. After a certain period, when he had been assigned several long stakeouts in a row, he realized there was no point in climbing down to sleep - especially when he was likely to be roused and expected to be in position if his mark was moving. So he started bringing a sleeping bag with him, and then books and a gameboy and a mini DVD player for when he wasn’t on watch. He knew, before the first agent decided he was going to be clever, that people would consider it a nest.
Self-awareness was more than half the battle. That, and the ability to shoot unsuspecting agents in the ass with an arrow when they began to annoy him.
The ducts started as a function of necessity for one corporate espionage job - it was the easiest way to move around the factory and its headquarters without getting noticed, and even though he was playing the part of mild mannered mail room clerk by day, there was still plenty that happened at night, so he just climbed into the walls and kept his eye on everything. 
It was around then that Coulson started to get a little concerned. 
“I grew up in a circus, Phil, really...you think this is weird?” Clint said, putting his feet up on Coulson’s desk and grinning at him. 
“You’re getting dirt on my paperwork,” Coulson replied, making a slight grimace.
Coulson was probably still concerned, but he stopped mentioning it after the time that the New York offices got compromised and Clint was the only one who didn’t get tied-up since he had been hiding in the duct system. “See,” Clint said. “I have my uses.” 
And, OK, maybe he had become a little bit...neurotic, or obsessive about it, since the New York incident - images of Natasha, Coulson, and Fury with guns to their head were seared into his memory, even if at the time the three of them were able to do the whole hero-snarks-the-villain-thing because they knew that he was somewhere in air ducts. 
So when Tony Stark told him to come over and see Avengers Tower, as he was now calling it, and showed Clint the apartment he had set up for him to use whenever you’re not off killing people, or whatever Clint had just nodded. Tony had grown, for a moment, actually awkward looking. “I mean, Bruce and Steve live here now...and Thor, for when he's around...and Natasha has one, too...”
“Right,” Clint said, smiled, and pat him on the back. He still wasn’t sure what to think about Stark - especially since, for a self-dubbed billionaire genius playboy philanthropist, he seemed overly interested in taking in a bunch of people who were each emotionally crippled in their own ways.
He cornered Natasha two days later at the Helicarrier canteen, stuck in a harbor outside of New York as repairs were still being completed. “What do you think about Stark’s offer?” he asked, poking the various desserts with his fork to determine which was the wiggliest and therefore, least appetizing. 
She shrugged. “How often does a billionaire offer you your own apartment?” she asked, in her typical disaffected tone, and then leaned in when she was certain no one else was listening to them. “Did you see the size of the bathroom? The rain forest shower?”
“I don’t think that was included in my portion of the tour,” Clint said. Natasha arched an eyebrow.
“Not that I’m giving up my apartment,” she said. “But, barracks?” 
So, if one of his major reasons for stalking the SHIELD air ducts was moving - and the other, somewhere in the back of his head reminded him, wasn’t there anymore - then it made sense to move. And, he rationalized further, that Stark/AvengersTower was a huge improvement over SHIELD - less paperwork, fewer people bitching about the quality of the coffee, a television with a much larger screen. 
Clint gathered up his shit, stuffed it into his duct-taped duffle bag, and got a cab to take him across town. He put the duffle bag down in the apartment - after confirming that the bathtub was, indeed, big enough for an orgy and the shower bore resemblance to the sort of showers he had seen on the Travel Channel - and hoisted himself into the ducts. Another reason to move materialized when he realized that the ducts in the tower were wider, in much better repair, and didn’t appear to have any other active residents - as much as he was going to miss Skippy, Dolores, and their multitudes of offspring and great-offspring, he had started to worry that they were going to start going Secret Rats of NIMH on him at some point.
He found a reasonable space and unloaded the items he usually took into his nest. There was also a huge improvement in smell and air circulation - Natasha would be happy, she could stop giving him lectures about mesothelioma. 
* * * * *
“Bart
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
clint's nesting
Angst and Humor
Friendship
Character Death
Community: avengerkink
Clint Lives in the Air Ducts

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

