Work Text:
Steve is not turning ninety four today. Steve is, as of eight oh five this morning, twenty seven years old. Steve's father died before he ever got the chance to see his baby son, and Steve's mother died when he was twelve years old. He spent six years in a Catholic orphanage, five years moving from flophouse to flophouse with Bucky, four years in the US Army, and six months in the twenty first century.It's kind of cute, he guesses, and Tony doesn't actually make him wear the party hat that he got especially, 'a buck fifty at the dollar store, Capiscle! You'd better reimburse me!'. They fold his 'birthday party' into the Independence Day celebrations in Central Park, and turn it into an Avengers  PR stunt. Well, a Captain America and Iron Man PR stunt, because Thor and Bruce are gone, and for reasons that Steve doesn't fully understand yet, Clint and Natasha have enough pull with Fury to get out of it.So it's Steve, Tony and his friends, anonymous S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, the media, and the crowds. The never-ending crowds with their own cameras and their endless things to sign. Tony takes to it like a duck to water, as does his girlfriend, Miss Potts, and Colonel Rhodes, who both look effortlessly cool and unflappable the entire day, while Steve feels sullen and sticky under the hot sun.It starts to wind down in the late afternoon, although there are still kids everywhere who want to touch his shield or try on his sunglasses. Most of them gravitate towards Tony after a while, who apparently has no compunction in taking his shoes and socks off and sitting in flattened grass to have super soaker fights with them.It's not that Steve isn't good with kids, it's just that he's different; he's not exactly from the 'seen but not heard' era, but they're unruly, faintly disrespectful, and very easily broken if he throws a ball too hard or swings a kid too high.“Fucking monsters,” someone hisses none too quietly behind him. He turns around and sees a young woman in a short floral sun dress and sandals, standing among a crowd of children. He looks back towards Tony and the others, but they're a ways in the distance now and no one seems to be around to help her.“Are you okay?” he asks, edging towards her.“Do I look okay?” she snaps, dropping down onto her knees to wipe at a kid's face. “I mean, this dress cost me eighty dollars, and now there's half a bottle of Sunny Delight down it and it's rapidly sticking to my bra. And now I'm telling some random guy about my bra!”“Do you want me to get someone?”“How about you get Captain America over here to deal with all his vertically challenged f—f--” she chokes as she looks up at him. “Oh, so you're Captain America. You could have told me.”“You didn't really give me a chance. And anyway--” He offers her a hand up, and her dress really is stuck to her bra. “I, uh, I only play him on TV.”She tilts her head and narrows her eyes.“Uh. I'm trying to be funnier. Apparently it's important nowadays.”“'Nowadays',” she mutters, pursing her lips into a smile. “Well, you should keep working on that, dude.”He sticks his hands into his pockets and resists the urge to rock on his heels. She's short, almost a full foot shorter than he is, long dark hair, glasses slipping down the end of her nose, remnants of make-up smudged on her face. She's, well, she's very nice looking. “Thanks.”“Oh.” She wrinkles her nose up. “Is that treason?”“I don't know, I don't think so.”She breathes out heavily. “Good, 'cause if I get fired, I think they're gonna assassinate me.”“Okay,” he says. “How about I get someone to help you?” He turns around and raises his hand to one of the undercover agents.“Oh my God, they're in the trees,” she mutters as they start to close in.“Agent Lewis, we'll take over from here,” one black-suited agent says, appearing at her side. She starts, then looks up at the sky in exasperation.“Agent?” he repeats. She doesn't look like any agent he's met so far.“Agent Darcy Lewis, at your service, sir,” she says, thrusting her hand at him with a smirk.He takes it, carefully wrapping his fingers around her hand. “Steve.”“Nice to meet you, Steve,” she says, raising her eyebrows.She has a firm shake for such a small hand, and holds on for a little longer than is probably necessary. He pulls his hand away slowly, and smiles.“There's a water fountain over there, if you want to get the juice out of your dress.”“If anyone but Captain America said that to me, I'd think it was a come on.” She wiggles her eyebrows and sets off in the direction of the fountain. After a moment's hesitation, he follows.“I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that.”She looks back over her shoulder and winks. “Did I say it'd be a bad thing? Hey, hold down the button for me, will you?” She sets her... chest on the edge of the fountain, and smiles up at him. It's a dangerous smile, he thinks, and presses his thumb against the button.“So...” He looks at the rapidly drenched front of her dress, then decides to inspect the grass in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Get Together

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

