Work Text:
This weekend, Tony was having an honest-to-god picnic in Central Park with his arch-nemesis and their daughter, the eight-eyed sentient hawk. This was actually, genuinely his life now. Not a virtual reality or a drugged hallucination cooked up by some evil mastermind to keep him out of the way. (He was sure about this; he'd done tests.)Loki was sitting on the tartan blanket with his long legs stretched out in front of him, crossed at the ankles. He was currently rummaging in the picnic basket (yeah, he'd brought an actual picnic basket) for more cheese. Tony was pretty sure they'd already eaten more food than the basket could physically hold, and he was valiantly trying not to calculate exact volumes in his head.Annie was dive-bombing pigeons - and more than a few small children - giving raucous cries of excitement in between targets. And the greatest part was, Loki had this thing about 'family time', so any paparazzi cameras would just… mysteriously not work."Seriously, how are you not full yet?" Tony asked, a little fascinated. He frowned as something occurred to him (not jealousy, he wasn't jealous, he was just… wary.) "You're not pregnant again, are you? Are you eating for two? Or, I don't know, more than two? Do you have a litter?"Loki gave him a look that hovered somewhere in between amusement and contempt. It was weirdly Natasha-like, actually. "I'm not pregnant. This is entirely normal. The energy to use magic must come from somewhere, and not all of us," he reached out to tap Tony's arc reactor, "have implanted a power source in our bodies."Contrary to public opinion, Tony did have a concept of personal space. His personal space was a circle a few inches in diameter in the middle of his chest. He scowled and put his hand over it as soon as Loki leaned back. "Are you saying I could use this to do-- You know what, don't even answer that. This baby is science, keep your filthy magic away from it."Loki shook his head, looking smug. "In all your world's history, ever the small-minded have resisted advancement.""What?" Tony demanded in outrage. "Do you even know how much I've revolutionized-- Just because I have a healthy respect for the laws of physics--""Small-minded," Loki repeated, sing-song. Laughing at him, the asshole. Tony threw a crust of bread at him.Loki's eyes lit up, because he was apparently twelve, and he started pelting Tony with grapes. A small food fight may have ensued (Tony would deny it later). Throwing turned to scuffling, and since Tony wasn't in the suit it wasn't long before he was pinned flat on his back on the picnic blanket, Loki smirking down at him."Yield?""Never, you dastardly fiend," Tony said with a straight face.Loki's eyes narrowed in an all-too-familiar scheming expression. Tony felt Loki's weight shift on top of him, and a thigh press close and insistent between his own. "Yield," Loki commanded, in a low, purring growl.Tony let out a small groan despite himself. That voice ought to be criminal. Maybe it was, maybe it was an evil magic spell designed to make him powerless to resist. He relaxed and let his head fall back.Apparently that was surrender enough. Loki curled a hand around his throat - gently - to hold him still; pressed a deep, wanting kiss into his mouth. Tony closed his eyes and leaned into it, humming in contentment. He could feel the soft brush of Loki's hair against the sides of his face and reached up to run his fingers through it, hand coming to rest at the back of Loki's neck. He dug his fingernails in and dragged, to elicit that hurt, satisfied noise that was his favorite from Loki.If this was going to stop while they still had clothes on, Tony knew it was pretty much up to him. Loki would be perfectly willing to have sex in the middle of Central Park (although admittedly he might send Annie somewhere first). It should be some kind of massive warning sign that Tony was the responsible one in any relationship. Not relationship. Antagonistic semi-friendship with benefits.So, he'd stop this. Just… in a minute. First, he rolled them over so he was on top. Yes, much better. Loki went willingly, sliding both hands under the back of his shirt. He groaned into Loki's mouth. "Dirty pool.""Is there any other kind?" Loki murmured, smiling against him.Pool, hmm. Snooker. Bending Loki over a billiards table. Yesss, good thoughts. He nipped at Loki's lower lip, teasing. "I really want to fuck you right now."Loki made a thoughtful noise, fingers digging into Tony's back. "So what's stopping you?""Besides the hundreds of people walking around?""I could--""Nooo," Tony groaned, laughing a little because the idea of letting Loki just throw up an illusion was far too tempting. They were both a terrible influence on each other. "We're watching Annie.""Anbjörg," Loki sighed."Yeah, yeah." Reluctantly, Tony sat back up. He spent a few moments readjusting his clothes and pulling a squashed grape out of his hair.Loki stayed on the ground, clasping his hands over hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Unconventional Families
Crack Played Straight

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

