Chapter 1



Notes:
As the story continues, Tony will be talking a little about his trauma. Certain chapters will have additional warnings that I'll try to spell out as clearly as possible in the notes.




Chapter Text
There's a lot of speculation about why Tony Stark doesn't sub for anyone anymore. Theories range from a secret lover to Tony secretly being a dom to post traumatic stress disorder (and make no mistake, there are a thousand more theories behind why he might have PTSD – unsurprisingly, Afghanistan features in none of them) to Tony thinking he's just too good for anyone. That last one is actually the most popular one, because when he was younger Tony subbed for a lot of people - it's biological, that need, and no one gets to ignore it forever - and now there's no one.The one thing that the media actually gets right is that his refusal to sub does contribute to the end of his and Pepper's relationship. It's not the only reason, of course, because Pepper made it very clear she can't handle dating Iron Man, and that would be the same in any universe, but it's a big part of it. Pepper doesn't understand, and no amount of pleading on her part is enough to make Tony open up to her. Because he knows from experience that no one ever looks at Tony the same way after he tells them the truth. And after the lessons he learned from Obie, who taught him how to be a perfect sub, Tony doesn't even want to bother trying. The fleeting moments of peace he gets when a dom is in control isn't worth the trade off: the heat across his ass, the welts on his back, the sting of his hips and belly and nipples. That was probably the first thing Obie ever taught him, and it's the lesson that sticks the longest.But there's a problem. Tony sits in his workshop as a new day dawns, staring blankly at the holographic imagery slowly revolving not two feet away from his face. He knows he has to work, that if he doesn’t work Pepper will be showing up on his doorstep, but it's like somewhere along the line his coding got scrambled and he can't think anymore. The information he's looking at makes about as much sense as a cookbook, or those Russian magazines Natasha likes to flick through. He can feel the slow, scattered breakdown.Biology. It's always been his worst enemy. "Sir," JARVIS says, and even though it's deliberately not phrased as a question, that one syllable manages to speak volumes. But Tony's not together enough to grasp the subtle nuances that would tell him a very pissed off sergeant is barreling down towards the workshop at full speed, ready for an ass kicking, until it's too late."What the fuck, Stark," Bucky says, not bothering with anything as polite as waiting for permission to enter the workshop. He storms across the room, ignoring Dummy's beep of welcome, and squeezes in close until he's looming over Tony. "Barnes," Tony says dully."Steve finally got the balls to ask you out and you said no. What the fuck, Stark!"It's important to tread carefully here. Bucky has good days and bad days. Bad days are usually spent with Natasha or Steve or, if it's a particularly Bad Day, both – though those are becoming rarer. So this is a good day, but that's not to say that Bucky isn't above lashing out in frustration or anger. It's happened before, though fortunately Tony has only ever been on the receiving side of that anger once or twice. He has no desire for a repeat, and eyes Bucky warily."I don't have to go out with him if I don't want to.""Except you do want to, because in spite of my best efforts I still remember when you got drunk off your ass last week and I had to sit through a ten minute, explicitly detailed lecture on why my best friend's ass is the most perfect ass in existence." Bucky shudders a little. "You were drunk too," Tony says defensively."Yeah, and when I wake up from nightmares that feature your voice droning on endlessly while Steve parades around naked, I blame that as the reason why I didn't shut you up right away. It’s also why I won't be drinking anytime soon.""Just out of curiosity, does Natasha know you dream about Steve naked?"It's meant to be a joke, but Bucky cocks his head and gives him a hard look. "No," he says slowly. "Mostly because she'd laugh about it for two hours straight and then go find you so that you two could gush over Steve together. I have enough fodder for nightmares, thanks. But if she did know, she wouldn't care.""Because you're not gay," Tony mutters, more to himself than to Bucky, because it's hard to forget how relieved he felt after learning that Bucky Barnes was about as straight as they came. He’ll never do anything with Steve, but it’s still nice to know that there’s even a 0.0001% chance."No, because Natasha trusts me," Bucky says, eyebrows raised so high that they're practically skimming his hairline. "But, you know, thanks for implying that I would cheat on my dom."Tony flinches. "No! I didn't - I know you wouldn't." He looks away then, fumbling around until the sch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Tony Stark/Obadiah Stane

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Sub!Tony
Dom!Steve
Sub!Bucky
dom!Natasha
sub!clint
dom!Phil
Switch!Bruce
dom!Pepper
dom!rhodey
Subdrop
Subspace
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
unsafe bdsm practices
but in the past
Cuddling
Bathing
Feeding
Kneeling
sleeping
Crying
Dom/sub
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Safewords
Contracts
Tony Stark Has Issues
non sexual bdsm
Non-Sexual Submission
though some sexual submission as well
Trust Issues
Vulnerability issues
Praise Kink
descriptions of non con
descriptions of bad BDSM etiquette
PTSD
Tony talking through his issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Tony Stark/Obadiah Stane

