Chapter 1: who will save you now
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Foggy woke up to a face drooling against his neck and too many blankets weighing him down. He lifted his head, blinking in the musty darkness of the apartment, and sighed. Not morning yet. Not time to leave. He readjusted with a soft sigh, tugging the balled-up form in his arms a little closer.
Matt snorted and clung to Foggy's shirt.
He resisted rolling his eyes, deciding instead to close them again. Maybe he could sleep another hour or so, before the sun came up and he'd be forced out of their cocoon. He listened to the sounds around them, trying—as he usually did on quiet mornings like this one—to hear things before Matt did. It was usually impossible.
But Matt was very exhausted and very asleep. So it was a good time to practice.
The world hummed outside their apartment. Wind, dry and warm, blowing against the boarded windows. The bent flagpole next door tapping a staccato rhythm. No birds, no animals. No cars, no people. Normal. He never thought he'd get used to a world so silent.
There—from far off, a rattling echo. Gunshots. Too far to be a threat. Again, normal. He knew this from experience, and also because Matt would be up in milliseconds if anything sounded even minutely out of the ordinary. It was probably that group up north fighting over that store again, Foggy thought, boredly running his fingers over a scab on Matt's back. Still healing. A few more days and he wouldn't have to worry about infection anymore. Matt grumbled but didn't wake. He usually didn't after days like yesterday. Days where he limped back to their apartment, their island, with a heavy bag over one shoulder and an exhausted, triumphant grin on his face.
'I got you something,' he would say, like he'd stumbled on a funny bumper sticker at the grocery, instead of a cache of food and water he'd fought tooth and nail for. And might have lost a few teeth and nails for. (Not this time, though. Just his usual cuts, bruises, and lower left rib that he couldn't get to heal because he kept fucking it up before it got a chance to get better.)
Thinking about it made Foggy think about food, and thinking about food made his stomach perk up, twist, and growl. He winced at the sound, tried late to hide it with a sigh, and then rolled his eyes, because he knew exactly what was going to come next. No, no, no, go back to sleep, you cranky asshat. He went still and didn't move.
Matt shifted anyway. Fuck. He huffed, pressed his face against Foggy's neck, and grumbled. "Eat." Damn that man's hearing.
"I'm too busy being your pillow, Matty."
The curled up ball of a human carefully unfolded himself and pushed Foggy out of the blankets. "Eat," he repeated, clearly trying to put a 'don't mess with me' edge in his voice, but he was half-asleep, so it turned out to be about as sharp as melted butter. Mmm, butter.
"Ugh. Slave driver. You want anything?" Foggy asked, rubbing the back of his neck as he straightened up to his feet. Sleeping on the floor sucked. He frowned at his skin flaking under his hand, then frowned further at Matt's lack of a reply. "Matt."
"Huh? No." It was hard to believe there was a human being under that mess of fabric. "You eat. I'm gonna...stay here." The words trailed off; Matt was asleep before he'd even finished his sentence.
Foggy wiped his hand off on his pants and sighed, leaving Matt to it. He wasn't sure how many times, now, he'd watched his friend push himself to the edge of exhaustion, then blow a raspberry at his own human limitations and keep going anyway. But when Matt needed sleep, he needed it, and Foggy found it a very important job to make sure nothing woke him up.
Light was beginning to seep in through the boarded windows, and a gentle breeze followed after. It smelled like gasoline and rotted meat. Foggy, of course, ignored that, meandering slowly to what was left of the kitchen. The island and the sink, the tables and chairs were all long-gone. It was mostly a pile of boxes now.
Foggy found the duffel bag sitting next to them, and inched the zipper open carefully, willing it in his mind to stay silent. Fruit cocktail, fuck yes. He snatched it like it was the last one on earth before digging out a spoon and straightening up. Something twinged in his leg and back and he ignored it as he made his way across the room and up to the roof. He crept along, staying as quiet as he could, casting glances at the pile of fabric and blankets on the floor to make sure there wasn't any stirring. It hadn't moved by the time he was at the top of the stairs. Victory.
He inched the door to the roof open a bit at a time to avoid the creak it tended to make, and slipped out slowly, clinging to his breakfast. The sun was just beginning to come up over the city. Well, what was still there. The skyscrapers were gone, worn down to nubs, and most of everything else looked like a pile of dirt. Probably was. They 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Ecological Collapse
Violence
Medical Procedures
scavenging
Survival
Terminal Illnesses
Alternate Universe - Biological Warfare
feral!Matt
Gore
Aliens
Alternate Universe - Alien Invasion
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Speech Disorders
Neurological Disorders
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Co-Dependency
Alternate Universe - Post-Apocalypse
Suicidal Thoughts
Panic Attacks
Compound Fractures
Contains No Actual Lobotomies
Amputation
Pneumonia
Platonic Relationships
Brain Damage
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page

