Work Text:
Tony is curled up in a fetal position on a bed in a SHIELD medbay, which is otherwise empty and still. Isolation, Bruce says, is the only way to be sure nobody else is affected. The rest of the unit is out of the building entirely; cleared out after Tony got a face full of whatever bizarre compound this is. Steve is the lone exception with immunity, apparently thanks to the serum. All they know is that Tony's in pain and relief is only temporary."Well, we don't know if the other guy's immune," Bruce says. "But I sure as hell wouldn't want to test that particular theory, considering what Tony's going through." Tony had started the afternoon cracking wise and making a barrage of jokes every time he retreated out of camera view: "Hang on, gotta bring it down a notch," and "Ought to bottle me and call me Senor Viagra," -- and once Steve had watched the concentration on Tony's face as his hand moved out of range, his breath catching at the way he looked when he -- but now the jokes had stopped and Tony couldn't even leave the bed."Oh, no, for sure," Steve agrees.  "Just...watch him closely. Try to help him calm down. Make sure he doesn't harm himself or tear off the heart monitor," Bruce cautions, and Steve nods. When it started getting bad, Tony, staring pale and wide-eyed at them through the monitor, was instructed how to attach the sensors so they can track how he's doing. Steve's no doctor, but it's obvious the wild pulse rate and jagged green line on the screen looks wrong.He nods to Bruce, hefts the tray in one hand while he opens up the temporary airlock panel with the other, and enters the medbay."Hey, Tony," Steve says gently. "I brought you something to eat.""Not hungry," Tony says sharply, waving an arm. "Get out, Rogers. Just leave me alone.""I'm not gonna do that," Steve insists."This is really not pretty," Tony says through clenched teeth. "Rather just...ride this out by myself. So fuck off.""I am not," Steve says, setting down the tray on a counter next to a box of tongue depressors. "going to...leave you alone.  Sorry."An agonizing wave overcomes Tony then, and he twists and writhes, pulling a leg up and gripping it to him as he rolls onto his back. "Oh god," Tony pants."How do you feel?" Steve says, concerned. Tony can't know what he's really thinking, how much he wants to gather Tony up and just hold him and take the pain away. He'd probably laugh, and then never let Steve forget it."How do you think? Worse," Tony says miserably, pressing a hand into the front of the scrubs he's dressed in. "Obviously. I'm gonna have to, again...look, just leave. And cut the video.""Why? Bruce is keeping an eye on you, and he's a doctor, he's--""Just turn it off!" Tony yells, "And get out.""Cut the feed," Steve orders. "Do it, Banner.""Bad idea." Bruce's voice sounds tinny through the speakers."I'm staying here. I have a...cell phone. I'll update you. The heart thing, you can still watch that, right? And you're working on the stuff he was dosed with.""Yeah," Bruce sounds defeated. "No love yet on that.""Well, keep trying. Thanks." The light blinks out on the camera unit next to Tony's bed, and Steve leans over him. Tony's eyes are closed, and his breathing is labored.  "Hey," Tony's eyes flicker open and he stares up at Steve. "Stay with me, Tony."Tony stares up at him, a sheen of perspiration on his forehead, and the desperate look on his face is heartbreaking. Steve wants to be matter-of-fact, but..."You okay, buddy?" He reaches for Tony's shoulder, but Tony shrugs him off."No. Can you back off? And turn around.""What--""I need," Tony pants, "...a moment. Without you staring me in the face.""Fine, okay," Steve says, and turns his back to Tony's bed, then goes to the sink and wets a cloth under the tap and wrings it out. He can hear Tony shift, and the whisper of fabric, and then Tony's hand slicking against his flesh. It's silent in the room except for Tony's rapid, erratic breaths, and in less than a minute, he groans loudly.  Steve bites his lip and turns around, as Tony tucks his sensitized skin into the scrubs, wincing. "How many times is that now?""Lost count." Tony says, his eyes screwed shut. His body spasms on the bed. "Fuck.""Does it help?""For a while -- shorter and shorter periods of relief -- And then it's worse." Tony looks like what he really wants to do is cry as he curls up again on his side. "I just keep getting...you've had blue balls, I'm sure," Tony says. "Blah blah, myth, whatever. That's nothing. Amplify that. Turn it up to eleven. And then set your entire pelvis on fire. That's...about it.""Wow," Steve says, feeling helpless. He wishes he could do something, anything, to take this away. He sits on the edge of Tony's bed and Tony flinches away onto his back with a hiss as he brushes against his hip. Steve had almost forgotten about the cloth in his hands; he folds it and lays it lightly on Tony's furrowed brow. Tony had already tried cold showers. They hadn't had any effect."Ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
dubcon
Fuck Or Die
Community: avengerkink
noncon

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

