Chapter 1: Prison AU
    




Chapter Text
Thirty-six more days.  Thirty-six. That was all he’d had left before he was due to be out of here.  Good behavior. Good behavior.  Christ.Steve closed his eyes and let his head fall back against the thin, flat pillow as the cell door clanged shut.  The guard, Hoskins, Steve’s mind supplied, tapped on one of the bars with his nightstick.  “Lights out in twenty, boys,” Hoskins muttered, then shuffled off, keys jingling against his belt.  It was a sound that was supposed to signal going somewhere, metal rattling against metal when Bucky dug them out of his pocket and held them up in invitation, but now, hell, probably for the rest of his life, it would mean something being taken away. He stared up at the rusted trails that mapped the bottom of the top bunk.  Someone had carved “Leo was here—1997” into the tan paint.  Someone else had scratched over that and traced out, “Fuck you Leo” next to it. Steve looked over at the calendar taped to the wall.  It featured pictures of horses running through meadows and splashing down beaches and was two years out of date, so he always had to recalculate the days.  You could forget in here, if you weren’t careful.  Lose track.  Or just stop caring.  What did it matter if it was Monday or Thursday, except that the Thursday lunch had cornbread, and Monday’s was whatever was leftover from Friday because the supply trucks didn’t deliver on the weekends. Still, he’d used his fingernail to crease each square on the calendar as he counted down the days, watching as horses racing across deserts became horses trundling through the snow then running through a green, flower-filled meadow.  Somewhere along the line, he’d gone from finding them nearly offensively ridiculous to having some sort of odd affection for them.  He’d never spent much time around animals, having gone right from high school into the Army, but he sometimes found himself thinking that maybe, after he got out of here and finished his probation, well.  Maybe he’d see about working on a ranch.  Stupid.  So fucking stupid, Rogers, he thought grimly, then realized he wasn’t sure if he was talking about the horses or what had happened.Thirty-six more days.  Barely over a month. “You don’t even like me,” Tony’s dull voice came from the bunk above him. Steve scrubbed his hand over his face a few times, a burst of anger flaring behind his eyes.  “You’re a billionaire, genius, playboy philanthropist.  What’s not to like?” Steve asked with a flash of annoyance.  It wasn’t fair, he knew, to blame Tony, though God if it wasn’t easy enough to want to do.  Stark had a way of making it seem like it was all about him, and, fuck, maybe it was.  Those guys, that hadn’t been some random attempt to take advantage of an opportunity, Steve was almost certain of it.   “Doesn’t mean I was going to just let them…just let that happen.”“Guess they backed each other up, huh?” Tony asked, though Steve knew perfectly well that Tony already knew the answer to that question. Steve’s absence the past ten days was all the response that was needed.  “Look, I’ll talk to the warden.  Doyle’s an idiot and an utter asshole, but he’ll have to at least listen to—““I told you to keep out of it.  No one knows you were involved, and Mac and his boys sure as hell aren’t going to volunteer that information, so just keep your mouth shut.  For once.  If that is humanly possible for you,” Steve breathed out, suddenly exhausted.  Ten days of solitary would do that to you.  Surprising how tiring sitting around twenty-three hours a day could be. “When I get out of here…when I find out who is behind this—all of this---the weapons thing, this shitty prison and its surveillance system that seems to only be faulty when it’s convenient.  I was never supposed to be here, you know that.  I mean, Jesus fuck, what hell was I paying a dozen lawyers twelve-hundred bucks an hour for?“  Tony began, the familiar refrain of what he was going to do once he got out of here echoing like a drumbeat in Steve’s head.“It was Stane,” Steve said wearily, for what he figured was probably the fiftieth time.   He’d listened to Tony’s tale of woe so many times now that he could recite it himself.  It had been a big deal when Stark had shown up at the prison.  A celebrity inmate wasn’t an everyday occurrence, not here anyway.  This wasn’t exactly one of the Club Feds, after all.  But, even billionaire, genius, playboy philanthropists could find themselves in hot water if they allowed their company to sell weapons to terrorists.  Turns out, the government frowns on that. Tony’s litany cut off abruptly, a heavy silence falling in its place. “It was Stane.  God, Tony, how can you be so--It was Stane, and he’s going to try again. He won’t use Mac.  It’ll be someone else, but he’ll try,” Steve replied, hearing the frustration in his own voice.  They’d had this argument so many times, he felt like it was on loop, like if he could just find a cassette recorder,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Prison
soulbond
Bonding
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
soulmark
post-age of ultron
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Drabbles
Established Relationship
Tony Stark Angst
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Steve Rogers
Omega Steve
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Tony
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Steve
Top Tony
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Stuck in a Cabin
Hurt/Comfort
Getting Together
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Pining Tony Stark
Mutual Pining
Pining Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Mildly Dubious Consent
hooker steve
Prostitute Steve Rogers
Age Difference
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
De-Serumed Steve Rogers
Identity Porn
Hooker Tony Stark (sort of)
Royalty
Alternate Universe - Royalty
King Tony Stark
Rimming

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

