Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It  happened at one of those mindless and generic galas that Tony had to  attend to appease Pepper and SI but would rather have been in his dirty  work clothes at the lab. It was going on his second straight hour  surrounded by greasy men and bimbo women, very attractive women but  still bimbos and that seemed to decrease their appeal. Tony  intentionally ignored the notion lurking in the back of his mind that a  certain moral and irritating blond captain was the cause behind his  suddenly elevated tastes in bed partners. Quite frankly, he’d gotten  sick of the gushing attention and coy touches and so excused himself to  retreat to the bar and order a much needed drink.Just  the one though because he was trying to work on the whole ‘get drunk at  every opportunity’ stick. Yet another thing Tony’s subconscious blamed  Rogers for. He’d barely gotten started on the glass when a man sidled up  next to him and discreetly claimed his attention.“Hey.” The man said, all slick grin and bright eyes.“What’s  up.” Tony gave in reply, studying his sudden company. The assessing  look given to him in return along with the open gleam of hunger told  Tony exactly what he was after and honestly, if he were at any other  point in his life, he probably would have gone for it. As it was, Tony  Stark was kinda hopelessly in love with another man so he wasn’t exactly  feeling it right then. Given who he was, he didn’t bother with beating  around the bush. “Before you waste your time with me, I’ll tell you  right now that I’m off the market tonight. Sorry man.”The  stranger’s eyes narrowed and stared at him a moment longer as if to  ascertain how serious he was before nodded shortly. “Alright, well, at  least I tried.”“Amen  to that.” Tony said, giving him a smirk and a raise of his glass. The  man laughed and tapped their glasses together before retreating and Tony  turned back to the bar. Ten  minutes later things started to go hazy, as if he’d drank about a  bottle and plus of booze instead of the sedate glass he did, and  everything after that was not worth remembering. Even if he still could.---The  morning after, when Tony’d taken care of his injuries to the best of  his ability, he’d entered the kitchen with the sole intent of  mainstreaming coffee until he was too wired to ever sleep again and  instead found the team, minus Bruce and Thor, gathered there with  various and interesting expressions. He almost faltered but only the  certainty that they couldn’t possibly know kept him stable and his snark  face firmly in place.“Okay,  what’s with all these faces? Did Doom do something stupid again? Please  tell me it’s not giant bunnies, I just don’t think I could handle giant  bunny rabbits trying to destroy the world this morning.” He didn’t  actually look at anyone, far too focused on getting to the coffee maker.“No  bunnies.” Clint said with a snort. “As disturbing as that thought is  along with the fact that you said it at all and probably just jinxed  us.”Tony had something to counter that, really he did, but Natasha was quicker. “And the only one who did anything stupid was you.”“Well, I’m feeling the love this morning.” Tony muttered. “What did I do now?”“Jesus,  Stark. How much did you drink last night that you don’t even remember  the sex tape you made with a mystery man.” Clint  sounded amused more than anything but Tony was pretty sure his arc  reactor had just stopped working. “But hey, at least that explains why  you’re walking funny.”It  took every ounce of self control he had to steady his hands and pull  out the old playboy ‘no regrets’ mask before he turned around. “Well  that’s a good question, Barton. You’ll have to ask someone who was  there. Now come on, tell me how you all came to share that video?” And  confuse it with a fucking sex tape, he wanted to snarl.Steve,  red-faced and eyes averted, pointed at the TV sitting on the island  counter, off now likely because the news stations had been replaying the  story like a broken record. “It was, ah, pretty popular this morning.  And it wasn’t a video, just some...pictures.”That  explained why they thought it was a sex tape. Tony let some of his  invisible tension melt away and shrugged. “Well, guess who’s not going  to be talking to the press for about the next three weeks.” He said  dryly.“No,  instead you’ll let Pepper field the calls and rumors on this. Honestly,  Stark, I thought you were over this phase.” Natasha’s words were  cutting but nowhere near as murderous as the glare and Tony internally  winced because she was right. Pepper hated dealing with the fallout from  stuff like this and now she was stuck doing it again. Well, it wasn’t  as though this was the first promise he’d ever broken.The  air was getting a bit too heavy for him now and Steve hadn’t even  looked at him, which said a lot because he was unfailing polite about  things like that. Abruptly, Tony felt a wash of potent rage because he’d  been trying, okay, to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Non-con OMC/Tony Stark
Avengers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Tape
Only it's not actually a sex tape
Non-Graphic Rape
Tony!Feels
Protective!Avengers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Non-con OMC/Tony Stark
Avengers & Tony Stark

