Work Text:

1.  S.H.I.E.L.D. :  Stark's Highly-Individualized (Experimental) Love & Dating service
It was Stark's idea, of course.  The best (and worst) ones always were.Phil Coulson figured that was the trouble with genius:  when Stark had a brilliant idea, it took off like a home run ball on a clear blue day, and when he had a terrible idea, well ... Phil invariably ended up with a mountain of paperwork.  Actually, the paperwork seemed to be pretty consistent whether the idea was good or bad, so Phil had to assume it was simply that Stark's plans spontaneously generated more paperwork than the average person's.Also more injuries, more property damage, more calls to legal.  It was a good thing Tony Stark was a billionaire who believed in throwing money at his problems, otherwise S.H.I.E.L.D. might not be able to afford to stay in the business of saving the planet.“In my defense,” Stark was saying, walking around Coulson's office as if looking for another exit, “he made that face.  You know the one where he tilts his head like a confused puppy with sad eyes and—”“I did not,” Steve said, affronted at the accusation.  “I looked the way I always look.”“Exactly,” Stark confirmed.  “See?  He even admits it.”“That wasn't admitting—”“Captain Rogers.”Phil already had a headache named Stark to worry about.  He'd prefer to keep his warm feeling towards Captain America for as long as he possibly could.  Given all the Avengers were now living at Stark Tower, under Tony's constant influence, Phil expected it wouldn't be long before he was considering what exactly would be deemed justifiable use of strike technology against the entire lot of them.“Coulson, you know what I'm talking about, of course you do.”  The sad thing was Phil did know what Stark was referring to, and he hated it when he could actually appreciate Tony's position on something.  “He did that, 'aw shucks, man, I was a Capsicle for seventy years and everyone I ever loved is dead, but it's okay, I'll muddle through somehow' look.”“I never said that!”  Steve's protest might've had more effect if he hadn't been making exactly the look Stark was trying to describe.“See?  He's doing it right now.”  Stark's pointy finger waved accusingly in front of Rogers' chest.  “And since I'm only human, I listened to his pathetic, silent, facial cry for help, and well, there you have it.  Clearly, I'm not responsible for my actions in the face of ... that face!”Steve started to argue, but Phil cut him off with a simple, “That'll be all, Captain Rogers.  Thank you.”For a moment, Phil thought Steve was going to argue with him, but the soldier in him won out and he gave a brief nod, and left with a simple,  “Sir.”Stark slid into a chair across from Phil as soon as Steve shut the door.  “So, we're good, right?”“No, Mr. Stark, we're not 'good.'  You hacked into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s mainframe—”“Hacked is such an ugly word; I barely poked at it.”“—and misappropriated data for use in a glorified matchmaking service.”“I devised a simple algorithm to sort through a few files for compatibility variables.”“Confidential personnel files.”“Well, see, I needed certain types of information—”“Classified medical records, employee evaluations, psych profiles.”“It's not like I sat down and read them all,” Stark said.  “I don't care what's in anybody's files, except maybe mine.  Hey, could I see—”“No.”“We'll see about that, but I also didn't want to do a half-assed job of it.  Then I'd be no better than eHarmony.  Give me a bit of credit, please.  At least with my system there's no need to lie on embarrassing profiles, or post blurry photographs and hope for a myopic date.  Just beautiful clean mathematics.”“Mr. Stark.”Stark sat back in the chair and threw his hands in the air.  “No one got hurt, nothing went boom.  Why can't we say it's win-win and call it a day?  It was just a bit of fun.”Phil shook his head.  Conversations with Stark always made him want to beat his head against the nearest wall.  “It's always 'just a bit of fun' with you, yet at the end of the day, I'm breaking up fist fights, dealing with sexual identity crises, and trying to explain to Director Fury why one of the archivists is sending him invitations to have coffee to his private email address.”“Oh, is that the guy who likes pirates?  Seriously, that's just karma at work, agent.”“You accessed and distributed confidential information, secure email addresses, and generally made a mess of things.”“Not true, not true at all.  I know of at least a few couples that are happy about this, sir.”“Who?” Phil said, incredulous.  He wanted names, and he wanted them now.“That, um—that scientist with the big glasses, smells like formaldehyde.  He met someone.  Someone who has no sense of smell whatsoever, I suspect, but still.  And, well, I'm sure there's someone else.”Phil hadn't gotten to be a senior field agent without knowing when and how to go for an opponent's weak spot.  “And what about your match?”“Mine?”  Stark started pulling at a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
5 Things
5+1 Things
Valentine's Day
Romance
Friendship
Workplace Relationship
Humor
Shawarma
Developing Relationship
First Time
Slash
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Love Potion/Spell
lab accident
Paperwork
Archery
Superheroes
Matchmaking
Team
Slow Build
Action/Adventure
Hijinks & Shenanigans

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

