Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He was unconscious before he hit the water.A small blessing, really.  Drowning would be a terrible way to die.  It was bad enough that the best friend he thought he'd lost in almost exactly the same way seventy years ago had been the one to hurl him from the sky. After seeing what had become of Bucky, Steve was sure he deserved this death.That moment when he had lost hold of Bucky, watched him fall away into the gorge, had haunted him all these years.  He'd thought he had deserved dying in a plane crash seventy years ago.  When he woke up from the ice, Bucky's death had haunted him still.  Like no time at all had passed.  Some small hope ignited in his chest when he saw that Bucky was still alive, trapped in the body of the Winter Soldier, a brainwashed assassin bent on killing him.  Natasha had been right; the Winter Soldier was a ghost – the ghost of Bucky Barnes, sent through time to kill him.  To seek vengeance for his lost life.Steve was tired, beaten.  The wind whipped against him.  Above, he could see Bucky dangling there by his arm, watching him fall from the helicarrier to the water so far below. The cold darkness wrapped around him like a shroud.***"His hand moved!  Do you think he's waking up?"A fog kept Steve from fully awakening.  He had thought for sure he was dead, but the sharp pain in his ribs when he took a deep breath told him he was not.  A warm pressure enveloped his hand, occasionally squeezing, steady.  And that voice... he hadn't quite been awake enough to hear it. "Muscle spasms are common in coma patients," said a female voice. "He's only been in a coma for two days," said the other voice, male.  So familiar. Steve's eyes fluttered open, blinking against the dim lighting. "Look, he's waking up..."Blurred faces looked back at him.  A woman in regulation blue scrubs and short hair.  A nurse.  The face belonged to a man with short dark hair.  The man belonged to the hand holding his.  He blinked and stared, willing the fog to go away.  As his vision focused, he realized that the man's hair wasn't short.  It was pulled back.  The man's face resolved into something so strange yet familiar he stared for a good minute before he could speak."Bucky?"The face of his best friend broke into a wide smile.  "You're awake!" Bucky said, and before Steve could even comprehend how happy Bucky sounded, the way he looked like the Winter Soldier but with old Bucky's friendly expression, Bucky had jumped up from the plastic chair beside the bed, leaned in, and kissed Steve on the mouth.This wasn't some best friends sort of extreme happiness kiss - the kind he might have planted on Bucky after he'd rescued Bucky and the rest of the 107th from the clutches of Zola, if he hadn't been pressed for time back then, if the other guys wouldn't have razzed him for it - he'd been that happy to see his best friend alive.  The lips that pressed against his right now were happy too - he could feel the way Bucky was smiling against him, but at this point the kiss had lingered much longer than a best friends kiss.If that was a thing.  Steve had never kissed his best friend.  Punched in the arm, slapped on the back, hugged, but never kissed.Shock had frozen him in place.  It was all so bizarre, unreal.  When Bucky pulled away, and saw the way Steve was looking at him, a perplexed little wrinkle formed in his forehead, but then other people were coming into the room, and Steve was left wondering what the fuck had just happened. It reminded him of waking up in that room seventy years in the future.  The room had looked like it belonged to the time when he had died, but there had been small chinks in the facade, and he had quickly understood that something wasn’t right.Something here wasn’t quite right."How long have I been out?" he tried to ask.  His voice sounded creaky, and Bucky turned to pour a glass of water. Steve stared at Bucky as his friend carefully doled out the water, dribbling just a swallow or two over his lips before pulling the glass away.  "Two days," said Bucky, glancing over his shoulder at the doctor who had just arrived. That's right, Steve had heard it as he was waking up.  Two days.  Not nearly enough time for Bucky to turn from assassin into... whatever he was now.  Steve couldn’t stop staring at him. He noticed, for the first time, that Bucky's left hand, the one holding the glass of water, was not made of metal.  "Your arm," Steve said. Wrapping his fingers around Bucky's wrist, he pulled up the sleeve of the slouchy gray sweater Bucky wore draped over a blue t-shirt.  Bucky took the glass from his left hand with his right, looking entirely baffled by Steve's comment.  He stared at Steve while Steve turned the wrist over.  The outline of a star was tattooed on Bucky's inner wrist in blue. Steve ran his thumb over it, then jerked his hand away.  He couldn't believe he had just touched Bucky, his best friend, that way. Even though his best friend had just kissed him.  On 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Steve Rogers
AU Bucky Barnes
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Stucky - Freeform
Angst
Parallel Universes
Deaf Clint Barton
Slow Burn
Confused Boners
Questioning Sexuality
Bisexuality
Fight Club - Freeform
Dry Humping
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Pillow Fights
Anal Sex
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

