Work Text:
Tony doesn’t know when it starts, doesn’t know how it really comes to a head, but for the last few months, they’ve been fighting, a constant stream of nonsense fighting that tears at Tony’s resolve. And it’s always centered around mundane things, like sleeping, about the right way to carry out a mission, how to fight, how to tumble, when to clean up, when to god damn fuck. The arguments were quiet at first, a simple word here and there to rub against the grain, but they’ve exploded in their intensity, something sharp and undeniable tingeing the air black with every encounter.Their last argument had almost ended with Tony shoving his fist in Steve’s face.  They have to cut off their morning squabble to go after Doom and his silly conquest on the city again. Tony can still taste the words on his tongue, the way they bubble and burn like cheap whiskey. Steve won’t look at him, doesn’t even comment on when Tony takes an extra five minutes in the lab. That’s when Tony knows it’s bad.It gets worse when Tony uses the reason why he spent another five minutes in the lab to scramble the bots frequencies. Yes, things go a little south due to Doom trying to counter Tony’s attack, but it isn’t his fault the things go berserk after just a few seconds. At least this way they aren’t marching in strategic lines toward the cities power grids.Steve’s voice crackles to life, strong and sharp and there for everyone to hear. Tony doesn’t have the patience to switch them over to a private link, so tired of this take, take, take they both have running, that he just lets it all out.“Iron Man, you can’t just implement your own strategies. You could’ve easily caused severe civilian casualties!” Steve barks.Tony snorts. “Beautiful alliteration there, Cap. And you should know better by now. Math. I do it. It’s fine. It’s controllable. Get off the com.”The bots screech and code scrolls across Tony’s vision and no, no, that’s not right, fuck. He slows his descent as every single bot goes on the fritz, their firing systems activating all at once. Explosions rock the street as deep grooves are carved into the concrete and buildings shudder with the impacts.“That wasn’t math; that was reckless behaviour. Do that again and I’m benching you,” Steve snaps.“Okay, one, there was no time to actually implement something that might’ve combated Doom’s ridiculous intellect. I’m good, Cap, but even I can’t read minds. No X-like powers here. Second, if I hadn’t done something, they already would’ve short-circuited the power grid, rerouting the electricity to power whatever Doomy device Doom has decided to make this time. And third –”Steve cuts him off with a harsh growl. “It’s times like these that I wonder what I ever saw in you.”It’s like a stab to the chest, right past the arc reactor and into the dead thing Tony likes to call his heart. He goes silent, because he doesn’t know what else to do. Doesn’t know how to react. His mind continues on autopilot, softly correcting the mistakes that he originally made in the plans. He can’t hear anything past the sound of blood rushing through his ears, decades of neglect crowding to the forefront. He knew it. He saw this coming. Only a year and – yes. That makes sense. Oh, oh, why didn’t he protect himself better?“Tony, Tony, I –”Whatever Steve was about to say is cut off by a high pitched screech, what definitely sounds like Clint shouting, and the comlink goes staticky and terrifying. Tony doesn’t remember much more then careening toward where Steve’s last known coordinates were. By the time he arrives, there is nothing but rubble, Steve’s shield curled against the rocks, and a helicopter knifing through the sky toward the Helicarrier.Tony hefts the shield with numb fingers and rockets toward the Helicarrier at max speed.  The corridors are too many and Tony has never been able to figure out how to make them more manageable. His legs are burning from his constant running, his fingers itching to find a computer and bring the entire system down because he can’t find the goddamn med bay. He goes careening around a corner and a sign, oh a blessed sign points him in the right direction, and he keeps running, ignores the demands of rest by his own body because Steve. Steve, Steve, Steve. It was his fault, always his fault, how could he have been this stupid? How could he have allowed for this to happen? His mind whispers numbers and he wants to rip them out. Steve is hurt right now. Steve is dying right now. He cannot equation himself out of this.Steve is dying. Because of him.Tony can’t breathe again.He’s panting when he bursts through the doors of the med bay, startling three orderlies circled around a chart. He looks around frantically, trying to discern which white sheet could possibly be hiding Steve, and it’s like playing hide and seek, but the prize is Schrödinger’s cat. He pushes that thought away.  One of the orderlies approaches him.“Are you looking for the Captain?” she asks.“Yes. Yes. Where?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Amnesia
Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

