Work Text:
Steve is borderline raging drunk right now.The loud music thumps in his ears too loud for him to think straight, but luckily he's got Bucky to guide him through the party he feels so out of place in.Or at least he did. At one point Bucky left to go get wasted with a few other people Steve doesn't know leaving him to wander aimlessly with booze pumping through his veins.Not to mention the load of suppressants he's on to keep from going into heat in the middle of a party full of alphas. He almost didn't come at all but he figured he's rarely ever invited to a party and that procrastinating on an essay for English wouldn't hurt him too bad.“Spring Break, bitches!” some wild redhead frat guy is running around the oversized dorm handing out drinks and small blue pills. When he comes over to Steve lying on the stairs, Steve tries to make himself invisible but as big as he is he gets caught and has a pill waved in his face. He's holding on to the little sobriety he has left to remember that 'drugs are bad'.“No thanks, I'm good. Just-” he yells over the music but obviously isn't heard.“Take it, trust me it'll make you feel..,” he crouches down to get to Steve's level and drops a pill into a drink and pushes it to him, “fucking amazing. Just do it” he doesn't leave when Steve takes a shaky breath and sips on the fizzing alcohol to make him happy. The man tips the cup all the way to force Steve to drink it and spills it on his shirt.“There we go, who else wants some?” and then he's off to a group of girls by the couch.Steve gets up and stumbles his way to the bathroom to wipe himself off, passing multiple doors with socks hanging from the knobs.When he finds one, he wipes himself off and tries to sober up a bit before the drugs kick in hoping it won't affect him too much.The thought is thrown away when he starts seeing double in the mirror and his heart kicks up a bit. He feels the air around him and goes to touch the mirror when it warps and the two of him become three. “Shit,”Being the levelheaded guy he is runs his hands through hair multiple times and tries to remember which pocket his phone was in. “God, why are there so many pockets?” He shouts aloud and feels his head pounding to the beat of the music.When he finds Bucky's number he waits for an answer and goes out the bathroom to look for an exit but walks into an extremely heated make out session, mumbling apologies as he trips down the halls and goes down a flights of stairs.“Steve, what's up?” the slur too obvious to ignore.“Buck I – I took some drugs and I'm seeing things and I'm on fire, Bucky, I feel insanely hot. What – what do I do, Buck I-”He's stopped by a loud laughter and some guy moaning in the background, “Relax buddy it's just ecstasy, a bunch of us took em'. Just enjoy it while it lasts.” Steve knows what ecstasy is supposed to feel like and this familiar feeling isn't that, “If it bothers you that much- shut the fuck up Nat I'm on the phone -if you're that spooked go out and walk it off or something.”“Bucky I think I'm in heat.” he whispers into the phone and settles by an unconscious girl on the floor focusing on the moving designs on her shirt instead of the pressure building in his stomach.The line is silent for a moment when a more sobered up voice starts up. “You took, like, five or six suppressants right before the party to avoid this exact situation. What-”“I think it was the drugs, Buck, it fucked me up. I don't know.”“Alright, I'm coming buddy where are you?”Steve looks around past the dancers and drunks everywhere. “Second or third floor, there's a painting of... something on the wall.”“That's so specific, thanks”“Don't be a punk, every things moving and blurry. S'not my fault.” he curls up against the wall by the bar and presses down against his semi. The more alphas that walk in, the harder it gets to avoid grinding against one until he comes. “Just hurry up okay?”“Stay still, jerk. And no more pills. I'll find you n a bit.” And he hangs up.Steve does as he's told, closes his eyes and thinks about innocent things like kids and ice cream but then this heavy scent of scotch and pure sex pulls up beside him and sits down beside him.“Sorry m'not interested in whatever you're selling, so please go.”When the man doesn't move to leave Steve tries to get up but a hand strong on his shoulder grounds him. He forces his eyes open and sees him swaying to the music with a glass in his hand and the most intricate goatee he's ever seen.“Now, you're telling me you're not interested, but your body tells me a whole other story, babe. You gonna tell me why you're all alone?”And fuck, if his voice isn't the smoothest thing he's heard then Steve doesn't know what is. It's just hormones. Stop it. Steve tells himself but can’t stop opening his legs a bit when the guy's hand drops the drink and moves to the swell under Steve's jeans.“And while you're at it would you tell me why you came to a party in fucking heat?”“It kinda sprung up on me, did
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Everyone
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
idk if going into heat and accidentally having sex is non con or not
im pretty sure it is
Rape/Non-con Elements
Double Penetration
Blow Jobs
Face-Fucking
Spanking
Riding
Drunk Sex
Drug-Induced Sex
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Tony
Alpha Thor
Alpha Bruce
Alpha Clint
Omega Steve
Alternate Universe - College/University
Gangbang
natasha makes a cameo can you find it

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Everyone
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

