Chapter 1: Potion for lock of hair
    




Chapter Text
The thought was quite simple really, if Thor God of Thunder had changed from the love of a woman, who consequently showed him the value of life on Midgard; what would it do to his dear brother? Jane moved next to him interrupting his moment of clarity and, if he was honest with himself, a quite genius idea. She rubbed her cheek on his shoulder making a little happy sound when the God started to lovingly play with her hair. A little smile played on the corners of his mouth, because really the little woman was quite adorable when completely relaxed and sated. He stayed like that for a moment just enjoying the quiet time, before he would have to go back outside in his armor and protect his world from evil.He looked around the small room of the small apartment he rented (well Anthony Stark rented it for him). Since Jane had started stopping by the Avengers mansion more and more these past few months, knowing how distressed Thor was after the whole thing with the God of Mischief, they had started to want a little privacy and after drunkenly complaining about the subject with the Man of Iron, the little man had found Thor an apartment not too far from the mansion. Jane had fell in love with the old building so full of little sounds but very cozy and the small nest had become theirs. Thor still lived in the mansion, but every time Jane would come down to visit him, he would depart to live in the smaller space. The quiet domesticity of the whole thing had started another strand of thought for the God, always thinking of his brother, who after his trial in Asgard, had vanished. Thor was no fool, he knew that his brother had suffered for his mistake at the hands of their father, and if the glimpse he had seen of his brother just before he disappeared was anything to go by, his anger was still strong.And so it was that after four months of worrying about his little brother, Thor had finally heard news from his mother that he was back in Midgard. No news of war or mischief but he was back none the less. And spending three of those four months in Jane's company that had led to a simple conclusion. His brother needed someone to care for him and for him to care for.+++The only person that the God of Thunder knew who could help him in finding his brother was the Oracle of Destiny; an old being residing in the deep frozen caves of Asgard. So taking advantage of a weekend without Jane or any Avengers related business, Thor finally found himself in front of the being."Oracle I, Son of the Allfather and God of Thunder, seek your help in an urgent matter!"A little red haired girl came out of the shadows wearing a long white dress which floated around her ankles, never quite touching the ground and always moving. No one knew what the true appearance of the Oracle was, it was always changing: sometimes male, sometimes female, sometimes old and at other times young. The Oracle had no age or gender, it just had been and would always be a presence in Asgard. Rumor had it that even the Allfather didn't know when the being had appeared in his land, and didn't really care to know as long as it would help his people and not cause harm, it was allowed to stay."I know why you seek my help young Odinson, but do you know the result that could come of your brother founding his soulmate, great things yes, but for whom?""Are you seeing wars and destruction in his future?"The child narrowed her eyes at the thunder deity seeing his determination. She shook her head slightly, but still keep her eyes on the young God."Oh no little one, your brother will never seek war again, destruction yes but that of his enemies and those who would harm his love. But he will not let his heart love again and we both know this. Betrayal was his reward the first time and he turned his back on the emotion, only accepting rage and loneliness."The oldest son of the Allfather looked so sad at this that the Oracle could only smile at his defeat. Yes the youngest had turned his back on his family, but his the same person had done so too and here was the result of that destruction. But..."There is another way little one, but it would be against your principles and would likely make the little love your brother has for you die if you so choose this path.""What is this path you speak of?""A love potion, it would have to be given to the person your brother his destined to.""How would it affect this person and my brother?""To this person nothing will happen, he or she would have no ill effect once the potion was consumed. But your brother, on the other hand, will feel the need to be close to this person, to protect, care and make sure of their happiness.""But what if the love is never returned?""Then your brother will suffer greatly, but if the other loves him back, the effects of the potion will disappear and only will remain the love they have for each other."Thor could see all the risk there was in this somewhat simpl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Jealousy
Possessive Behavior
Love Potion/Spell
First Kiss
First Time
over use of spell casting when piss off
fluff so much fluff I'm so sorry for the fluff
I REGRET NOTHING
Dark!Bruce
Phil is not dead
Now beta
so I reposted all of the chapters with correction
sorry Steve torturing you if fun
Doctor Who References

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

