Work Text:
Just a heads up; I’ve given the Cap a phone at last. Part of his integration with the 21st century and all that. Expect some hilarious texts from an unknown number within the next few days.- Tony What, you’re not going to show him how to use it?- Bruce Where’s the fun in that?- Tony You’re not a nice person.- Bruce My stunningly erotic physique makes up for that, though.- Tony Keep telling yourself that. Oh, just to let you know, I always find autocorrect or predictive text makes for some genuinely LOL-worthy moments. I’m only telling you this off the cuff. Not expecting you to put it into action as part of some dastardly plan or anything. Nope.- Bruce I will forgive the use of LOL because you are an actual genius.- Tony I know.- Bruce * HELOITS SEVE- Unknown What? Sorry, I think you may have the wrong number.- Bruce NOBRU E I TS ETEVE- Unknown Eteve? I don’t know anyone by that name.- Bruce DON TBE ANAS SHO LETHS HONEISA HARDTS OUSE- Unknown One of those Blackberry types, huh? Tiny little keys?- Bruce YE- Unknown S- Unknown I’ll save the number as ‘Eteve’. When you work out how to only press one key at once, get back to me.- Bruce IWILA KSIL TONEY- Eteve * This is the best idea I’ve ever had.- Tony I’m inclined to disagree. I’ve had thirteen blank text messages this morning.- Natasha Aw, come on. Surely even you can appreciate the humour?- Tony You Russians. All so stoic, all the time.- Tony I can kill you in thirty-two ways using nothing but my bare hands.- Natasha I love Russia. Beautiful country. Lovely women.- Tony Nice try. If you don’t show Steve how to use that piece of shit, I will!- Natasha Mommy, please can’t I play outside just a while longer? All the other kids are allowed.- Tony Thirty-two ways, Stark. Thirty-two ways.- Natasha And they’ll never find your body.- Natasha *  - Steve  - Steve  - Steve This is Clint Barton’s answering machine. You’ve been redirected here because he has recently died of being REALLY FUCKING ANNOYED.- Clint  - Steve  - Steve I am going to kill Tony, Steve. Let him know that from me. When he’s sleeping.- Clint Or when he’s awake. I’m really not fussy.- Clint Maybe I’ll even hire someone else to do it. Natasha would enjoy it.- Clint But then I wouldn’t get the satisfaction of saving the world from his annoying little face myself.- Clint Huh, you’ve stopped. Maybe I’ll let Tony live.- Clint  - Steve Get me my bow and arrow.- Clint * Hey Bruce, Bruce, Bruce!- Tony I’m in the middle of something right now. Can it wait?- Bruce Can it wait? Can it wait?! Would I be texting you were it not urgent?- Tony Yes. You texted me last night with a running commentary on a repeat of Judge Judy.- Bruce Oh, but really. That was vital. How else would you know your rights in a small claims court? Now you know that should you ever have a nasty break-up, you’ll be entitled to your sofa.- Tony I don’t have a sofa.- Bruce Well then, all the more reason to get a girlfriend – or a boyfriend, I’m not judging; well, I am, but it’s because of the enormous green rage monster – who has a sofa, break up with her, and then claim your legal entitlement. No need to thank me.- Tony I wasn’t going to.- Bruce It’s precisely this sort of ungratefulness that, in my opinion, is contributing to the degradation of modern society.- Tony That and Beliebers.- Tony What are you talking about, Stark?- Bruce Hell if I know. I really, really like Martinis and auto-correct.- Tony Oh Jesus. It’s lunchtime and you’re already drunk?- Bruce Wanted a liquid lunch, but I was all out of soup.- Tony You’re an idiot.- Bruce My arc reactor’s bigger than yours.- Tony And yes, I am using my arc reactor as a metaphor for my penis.- Tony Very mature. I’m going to return to my experiment now. I hope it burns a hole through all your equipment.- Bruce BRUCE NO- Tony * Urgent debriefing in my office, fifteen minutes.- Agent Oh, Agent Coulson, I am titillated. Should I take my briefs off as well or is it more of a show than a party?- Tony That’s disgusting. We can do this via text if you’d prefer.- Agent Saucy. All right, then. I’ll start. What are you wearing?- Tony This isn’t funny.- Agent Actually, it is. Look, see, I’m laughing and everything.- Tony The problem is Steve.- Agent Don’t beat about the bush, Agent. Let it all out.- Tony Since you gave him that phone, he’s been sending blank texts, random numbers and letters, emoticons – he’s out of control. Only you can stop him.- Agent But it’s fun.- Tony We have two trained assassins on our team. Do you want to take the chance?- Agent Jesus, you’re all such party-poopers. First the debrief, now this. No-one knows how to have fun any more.- Tony Stark.- Agent I’ll do it! God, no patience, you older gentlemen.- Tony * Bruce- Tony Bruce- Tony Bruce- Tony Go away, Tony. I’m at a very important stage in this investigation. I can’t take my eyes off it for more than a few seconds.- Bruce Bruce- Tony Bruce- Tony I mean it, Tony. Not now. We’ll talk later.- Bruce Bruce- Tony Don’t ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humour
Crack
text fic
Avengers - Freeform
Domestic Avengers
steve is technologically savvy
texts
Texting
Drabble
Friendship
bromances
epic bromances
and homances
them too

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

