Work Text:
+According to the files, Anthony Edward Stark is a second cousin twice removed of Howard Edward Stark, owner of Stark Industries and Stark International.Clint Barton is a no-one off the street, an acrobat, a circus child. He has no mother, no father, and only a shady paper cut-out for a brother. Everyone wonders about his past. Everyone asks. No-one ever asks about Tony Stark’s past.The first time they run into each other, lightning streaks down Clint’s spine, stabs into his brain like a cattle-prod and he thinks, well, fuck me,.People should definitely be asking about Tony Stark’s past.+“So,” he asks, sinking onto a bench in Central Park, far, far from any SHIELD surveillance. He even left Tasha behind, for this. “We fightin’?”Stark looks at him over the rims of his sunglasses, all smug condescension and sleek arrogance. Clint knows fighters, knows killers and assassins and murderers. He knows cowards, too, because they are often the most dangerous sort.Stark carries himself like neither of those things. He’s a man, nothing more, rich, famous, beautiful. He’s never had to fight for anything in his life. Clint hasn’t survived until now believing the lie. There is something in Stark’s eyes, dark and liquid, that says Clint might win a fight. Or he might not. “Why risk it?” Stark asks, smirking.Seeing the same thing in Clint that Clint sees in him. “Alright then,” he agrees, easily. It’s not worth it anyway. Probably.+“Why the…” he mimes a ring above his chest, shoves another fry into his mouth, chews slowly. Stark – call me Tony, handsome – shrugs.  “Inoperable shrapnel in my chest.” He steals one of Clint’s fries, shrugs. “Have you ever died a couple hundred times, consecutively?”Clint shudders, shakes his head and points out, “You could get one of us to remove it.”Tony, still chewing, simply looks at Clint, saying without saying anything, how terribly young he is. Trust.You need to trust someone to let them dig into your chest cavity while you’re dead and defenseless. Clint can see where that might be a problem.+Clint was born in the early eighteenth century. He doesn’t know when, exactly, because he really is a circus child, a performer’s unwanted bastard son. The only one in the company that could write was the boss and he didn’t bother taking down the names and dates of children no-one expected to live past the first winter anyway.So Clint thinks he might be in his late twenties, but he really doesn’t have the first clue. But it’s been exactly 274 years since he fell off a high wire and woke in a dark, stuffy basement with a blond stranger bent over him, saying, “Welcome to eternity, child.”+Beyond random meetings where they find each other by their quickening, Tony and Clint have nothing to do with each other. Nothing at all. Keep walking, please.+Everyone’s talking about the battle, about the play-by-play, an about Tony’s heroics with the nuke. Sitting on the crumbling edge of the Stark Tower, a thousand floors above the ground, legs dangling, Clint snorts, raises a beer to his lips and drinks.“To freedom?” Tony asks, sinking down next to him, bumping his shoulder briefly before shuffling away.“To miraculously not dead idiots,” Clint counters.Tony drinks to that. There is concrete dust in his hair and blood dried on his neck. “I thought I was gonna get stuck,” he says, after a long silence.Clint looks over his shoulder at the party going on behind them. Steve and Thor are arm wrestling. Bruce is discussing something with Pepper. Natasha is watching him and Tony, eyes narrowed. Curious. Uh-oh.“You mean…,” In space, in the darkness, with the monsters. He’d have no qualms about saying that out loud, usually, but it’s been a shitty week. “I think Loki might know. About us.”About you. Because Clint told him, eyes blue and body oh, so willing. “Yeah,” Tony shrugs. “I figured.”“What are you gonna do about it?”Because they’ve both been around the block often enough to know that this isn’t the last they’ve seen of the trickster god. Not by far.The man underneath smirks, dark again, and more vicious than anything Tony Stark is capable of. “Make it very hard for him to kill me?”+There are ways, Clint knows, to find out things about other immortals. There are the watchers, for one, who have to be the world’s worst kept secret.He thinks they could at least make a token effort and put the brand on their asses instead of their wrists of all things, but, hey, good for him. So he milks his old teacher for a bit of information and then uses that to get into a small archive close to Vienna. In and out in under twenty minutes. They never know he was there and he knows everything they know about one immortal billionaire with a battery in his chest.Most of the files predate Clint. Most of those are in languages he can’t speak, much less read. In the end, they tell him nothing he didn’t know already. Tony is old, Tony is a genius, and when he wants to, Tony can murder you in cold blood with a smile on his lips and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Immortality
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Freeform
Do We Still Warn Of Spoilers? Because
Spoilers

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Clint Barton

