Work Text:
Steve lasted almost forty-eight hours letting Bucky do whatever it was he was doing without commenting, but the dirty tracks of bare feet across the kitchen floor were the last straw. He followed them to where Bucky was perched on top of the kitchen table. That might mean that today was a no-chairs day, or maybe he wanted Steve to be able to get the full effect of his appearance. Bucky hadn't showered in a couple of days, and he'd been wearing the same clothes for all of that time, including workouts.  Now in addition to the general reek and his lank unwashed hair and accumulating stubble, Bucky was dirty. He looked like he'd wiped his face with the back of his hand--both because his face was relatively clean and because there was a darker accumulation of grime across the back of his right hand, blackening his knuckles and streaking up to his wrist. Even his left arm was dirty. The silver shine of it was dulled, and darker lines of accumulated grit showed in the joints. Steve couldn't see the soles of Bucky's feet, but there was dirt caked around and between his toes and nearly up to his ankles.When Steve walked in he was eating a cookie, crumbs and chocolate smeared around his mouth.With the addition of the dirt and food stains, he looked less like a guy who'd decided for reasons of his own to give up on showering and more like one of Those Kids his mother and Bucky's had never let them be, no matter how tough things got. Bucky looked like a kid who didn't have anybody to look after him, to put clean clothes on him and wash his face or at least tell him to wash it. Steve was the only person Bucky really had these days, and while Bucky was the furthest thing from a kid, apparently today he needed to be told to wash his face, and probably behind his ears and everywhere else too."Bucky," Steve said. "You planning on taking a shower anytime soon?"Bucky chewed, swallowed, and wiped chocolate and cookie crumbs down the front of his filthy shirt. It wasn't particularly surprising when he said blithely, "Nope."Bucky leaned back against his hands, holding Steve's gaze and making it a challenge. That meant it wasn't Steve's imagination. Bucky's total departure from hygiene was, somehow, for some reason, directed at him. Bucky had been sloppy about his appearance and cleanliness at various times and to various degrees in the month since he'd come in. Steve suspected that baths, showers, and having his face in water were, like chairs, things Bucky could cope with on some days and not others. But Steve had observed all of that through subtle signs--Bucky had still put on fresh clothes and cleaned himself as best he could. He made some kind of effort toward passing off his behavior as normal. But for the last two days Bucky had gone through every part of his routine as usual except that he'd gotten dirtier and dirtier. And now he wasn't just dirty, he was flaunting it."Is it bothering you?" Bucky asked, tilting his head in as-if-innocent curiosity, like he hadn't been setting this up for two days, whatever this was.Yes and no were both obviously wrong answers--no for being transparently untrue, yes for the number of ways Bucky could misinterpret it. Willfully, no doubt, but Steve didn't want to step into whatever argumentative trap Bucky was laying for him. "It's not really my business," Steve tried. "You want to smell bad and be filthy, you're a grown man, you can do that. You could maybe clean the floor, you tracked dirt all over it.""I'll clean the floor," Bucky agreed, swinging his feet but not relaxing his focus on Steve. "You didn't answer me, though. Is it bothering you? Because if it's bothering you, you can do something about it."Steve opened his mouth and then shut it, because that had come out smoothly enough that he knew Bucky had been waiting to say it. Bucky had been waiting two days to say it. He'd made himself filthy on purpose, for two days, to get Steve to say something about it so he could tell Steve to do something about it if it was bothering him. Steve narrowed his eyes, shifting his weight back on his heels. "Is this a sex thing?"Bucky vented a bitter little laugh, directing his gaze up to the ceiling for a second before he met Steve's eyes again. "Yeah, Stevie, after all the other times you told me you weren't interested I figured the sure way to get into your pants was to make myself fucking physically repulsive. If you don't go for this I'm gonna get myself sprayed by a skunk, that'll win you over in no time."It was probably the worst possible time to try to make the distinction, but Steve was already saying, "It's not that I'm not interested, Bucky, it's that you're not interested, and I'm not going to--make use of you." That was the phrase Bucky had used the first time he offered, and it had been ringing in Steve's ears ever since. "I'm not doing anything with you if you don't want to have sex with me for your own sake."Bucky rolled his eyes like Steve's objection was too ridiculous
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bathing/Washing
Caretaking
Asexual Character
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Past Abuse
Cuddling & Snuggling
Hurt/Comfort
Dirty Feet

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

