Work Text:




“And if you only hold me tight
We'll be holding on forever
And we'll only be making it right
'Cause we'll never be wrong
Together we can take it to the end of the line
Your love is like a shadow on me all of the time”
- Bonnie Tyler, Total Eclipse of The Heart
Press conferences were so called “necessary” by PR, they said it made them seem more human, and gave people a “view into their world”. Bucky thought the press as a whole was totally unnecessary and invasive; he thought people didn’t need to know what they did in their free time, or what he thought about a certain politician. Bucky thought the public just needed to know that the Avengers had all the resources and means to protect them, nothing more, nothing less. And what he hated more than anything- more than he hated HYDRA agents- was that Steve hated them.These interviews usually went the same way. Someone would ask Tony about Pepper or whatever was next for Stark Industries, then they’d move on to Natasha- who’d smile like she was the most innocent person in the world- and they would eat whatever she had to say out of her hands. If Thor was there they’d ask him how he liked Earth compared to Asgard. Interviewers usually left Bruce and Clint out of the mix - apparently they’re not interesting enough for tabloid news.Then they’d get to Bucky himself and would ask him about how he likes this century. Nothing about HYDRA -  they did that once and it wasn’t pretty -  but with Steve, the reporters were like sharks after a bloody penguin. Every interviewer bared their teeth when it came to Steve, you’d would think they’d be the opposite and tip-toe around The Man Out of Time, but no. They’d ask him how he felt about such and such law, what he thought about some celebrity scandal, if he was stunned to wake up to such a non-conformed America. And each time, with PR yelling in Steve’s ear, he’d give them his trademark Golden Boy smile and a cryptic answer before changing the subject or letting the question hang.Boy did Steve hate it. After each interview he’d have words with whomever was his PR handler for that evening, then he’d complain to Bucky about it. And Bucky would listen, nod, and then yell at PR collective the next morning to either let them speak their mind like the free humans they were, or stop sending them to interviews. PR would listen for the most part- their longest stretch of non-mission related interviews was close to a month- before sending to console him into agreeing to another interview. But this time, with gay marriage being legal in all 50 states, Bucky asked- begged- PR not to send them into an interview until it all calmed down, because Steve giving cryptic answers about health care was one thing, but about gay marriage was a whole different story.
Yet, here they were, a few days after the ruling, in another press conference. Another nosy interviewer- and this time it was a Fox interviewer, so he hated her on precedent-, with makeup caked on their faces, and discreet earpieces in so PR could navigate them through a difficult question if need be. Bright studio lights basically blinding them, cameras everywhere, and microphones being shoved at their faces.He was sitting between Steve and Natasha, Steve on his left, Natasha on his right, both of them were pretty calm at his side, but him- oh, Bucky was tense and fuming. He was waiting for the moment someone brought up the question of gay marriage to Steve, ready to fuck it all, and speak his mind. If Steve wouldn’t, Bucky damn well would.See, he and Steve discussed the nature of their relationship since it first started- restarted? He wasn’t too sure how to describe how long they’ve been together, but since the dawn of time seemed pretty accurate- and in that discussion Steve asked when they wanted to come out to the public, because apparently Bucky couldn’t just kiss Steve in the street and call it a day. And, in that discussion they both agreed that they’d come out whenever Bucky was ready. As long as it was in front of the press and Pepper knew about it- which she did, Bucky briefly mentioned it to her months ago- they had the green light. And what a better moment to come out as Captain America’s lover than on live TV, on Fox, a few days after the Supreme Court ruled that anyone could marry whomever they wanted? There was no better time in Bucky’s book.The interview started with the normal spiel. The interviewer announcing the network, before moving on to introducing the Avengers, then the questions started. “So, Tony,” she began, addressing him like he was a friend, “I assume you’ve heard about Sasha Hammer?”Tony nodded, spreading his arms across Bruce’s and Thor’s chair, like he owned the place- which Bucky was betting there was something from Stark Industries inside this building, “Yep, nothing much to say about her.”The interviewer rose her eyebrow, a sly smile on her lips, “Nothing? Not even the claim that she’s going to take over what’s left of Hammer Tech?”“Wel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Bucky's a little shit
Steve Just Goes With It
Disgruntled Fox Interviewer
Coming Out

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

