Chapter 1: Potential Asset Acquired
    




Chapter Text

“True stability results when presumed order and presumed disorder are balanced. A truly stable system expects the unexpected, is prepared to be disrupted, waits to be transformed.” – Tom Robbins

 
January wind howled around the edges of bland carbon-copy houses, plucking at winter stripped branches and moaning like forgotten souls in the blackest hours of the night. While the shades of paint varied, there was still a deep sameness about each shoveled driveway and trimmed house. Light flared behind the shaded windows at Number 4, Privet Drive. Not the dim glow of an electric bulb, heralding a midnight snack, but the radiant flicker of something more. Something unusual.
Sandy blinked, and gave a huge yawn when her room was filled with bright dancing light. The five year old frowned, a groggy pout curved her small lips when she peaked out her window and was nearly blinded by the unnatural light blazing from the house next door. Feet clad in footy pajamas swung out of the small bed and grouped for the floor. She’d gotten her new big girl bed for her birthday and she was still getting used to the difference in height. Once her toes found the plush green carpet, she looped an arm around Bibby, cuddling the well-worn unicorn to her chest, before scampering out of her room. 
Pushing open her parents’ door, Sandy crawled up onto the huge bed and bounced between her parents. “Mama, mama! The house next door is glowin,” the little girl squealed, just as her jump sent her sprawling on top of her now wide awake father.
“Ooph, guh. Kitten, don’t jump,” Mike wheezed. His large arms wrapped around the tiny girl to keep her from abusing him further.
Groaning, Kelly rolled over and covered her face with her arm. “I told you we shouldn’t have let her stay up to watch Hocus Pocus,” she moaned, desperate to get back to sleep.
“Really mommy, it’s glowing so bright I can’t sleep no more. My whole room is sunny,” Sandy said with the firm earnestness of a young child who believed in the monster living in her closet.
“Go show daddy.”
“Hey!” Mike didn’t get to protest further as his dainty wife kicked him out of bed. “You owe me for this,” he muttered, but he couldn’t stop a fond smile from forming when she blew him a kiss before vanishing once more under the mound of blankets and pillows.
“Alright darling, let’s solve the mystery of the glowing house, hm?”
Picking up the little girl, and settling her comfortably on one hip, Mike carried her down the hall to her closed bedroom door. His coffee colored eyes narrowed when he noticed the line of light under the door. It could have just been her bedroom light, but it wasn’t the normal soft white glow. No, this had a darker tone, more red, and it wasn’t constant. Dread stroked icy fingertips down his spine when he reached for the handle. This wasn’t a little girl’s flight of fancy, a phantom of the night to be defeated by a flashlight and a few words of reassurance. It was something else.
Steeling his resolve, Mike opened the door.
“Shit!”
“Daddy, that’s a naughty word,” Sandy scolded, a small smile flashed over her heart shaped face. She squirmed out of his arms and ran to the window. “Isn’t it pretty?” she said, wide eyes staring at the sheets of fire that had fully engulfed the house next door.
“Sandra, get away from there. Go get your shoes and coat, and tell mommy to get dressed.” His voice was hard, the DADDY voice, and Sandy ran out of the room. Her daddy’s sharp tone and worried face made her simple joy at the pretty lights turn to fear.
Tears filled her wide eyes as she pulled the covers. “Mama, daddy said we need to get dressed and go. The house next door is really bright now, and he said we gotta go.”
“What in the world?” Kelly huffed, climbing out of bed, she went to the front door. A startled curse fell from her lips when she saw the fire. Neighbors were already forming a crowd outside, and Kelly scrambled to get dressed and get Sandy into some warm cloths. If the firemen didn’t get here soon, the fire would spread to their house.
Bundled up in warm coats and winter boots, the Hendersons joined the growing crowd in the street. Sirens wailed off in the distance, steadily growing closer.
“Oh dear, I hope that the Dursley’s weren’t home,” a woman’s voice chirped.
“Maybe they were visiting what’s her name, the bulldog woman.”
“Henry! Her name is Maggie,” a prim voice replied.
“Marge,” Kelly whispered under her breath, not bothering to correct Mrs. Stanley out loud. The woman was an insufferable gossip, and it was amazing she didn’t know the name. After all, she and Petunia spent an inordinate amount of time whispering over coffee cakes and tea. Then again, Marge was a most unpleasant woman, so perhaps the name had been forgotten deliberately.
“I do hope they weren’t home. Piers’s birthday is next weekend, and Dudley is his best friend. This would just ruin everything,” Mrs. Polkiss’s shrill voice cut through the general m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan (X-Men)/Harry Potter
Jean Grey/Scott Summers
Jean Grey/Ororo Munroe
Ororo Munroe/Kurt Wagner

freeform: 
extreme violence
Torture
Mutant Experimentation
brain washing
mating behavior
Mating Bites
Multiple Crossovers
Alternate Universe
Slash
Explicit Child Abuse
Explicit Sexual Content
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Logan (X-Men)/Harry Potter
Jean Grey/Scott Summers
Jean Grey/Ororo Munroe
Ororo Munroe/Kurt Wagner

