Work Text:
Peter was fairly new to the Avengers, new enough that he still worked as a sole unit in fights. He wasn’t used to having teammates, and often, he couldn’t bring himself to ask them for assistance.Each opportunity for Peter to prove himself, he seized eagerly. He continued to fight mostly individually in the field, without regret, without asking for assistance. Peter could do this.Until he couldn’t.Flat on his stomach, inside a space barely small enough for a child, Peter took in a deep, grounding breath, then froze when his rising chest pushed into the mostly destroyed rubble above him. The mass shifted, cracking audibly, threatening to fall and crush Peter. Okay. Okay, moving was bad.Peter focussed on taking smaller breaths and ignoring the pain in his left thigh. Something had lodged in his leg when the building collapsed with him still inside; he’d been too far in to get out in time, preoccupied with clearing the space of civilians.He couldn’t see anything. The sun was unable to reach him here; there was nothing but a wall of solid darkness.Now what. Think, Parker. Comm still on? It was hard to hear anything, his ears still ringing from the sheer sound a building made when it collapsed around you.Wetting his lips, Peter tried, “Hello?”His voice was hoarse and cracked at the end, but Peter received an immediate reply; “Spider-Man, status report.”“I messed up, Cap,” Peter said. He felt like he was back in school, admitting to the science teacher he’d tripped and destroyed another row of beakers.“Any causalities?”“I got all the civilians out in time, but the building—it collapsed, I couldn’t stop it—”“It’s one building,” Cap said easily. “Just try and keep the rest of collateral to a minimum.”“Don’t need to worry about that,” Peter said, feeling the cage of rubble and broken, rusty steel pressing around him. His laughter was breathy and too high. “I certainly will not be contributing to any more collateral damage anytime soon.”The rubble above him shifted again, something giving way further, and sharp metal pressed against Peter’s back, digging into it, breaking skin. He yelped, and fought down the urge to flinch away.“You okay there, kid?” Sam asked, his voice half hurried away by the wind he was fighting through, flying high somewhere in the sky. Peter would give anything to be at Falcon’s side, swinging through the city instead of here, crammed inside a dark space.“Um, kind of?”“Spider-Man, report.” Steve was curt, all business.“I got a little hurt when the building collapsed, and I can’t get back to the fight in my, er, position."“Rookies,” Tony said, laughing a little. He didn’t sound mean, but still, Peter’s cheeks burned. He felt humiliated. He was supposed to be an Avenger, now.“Define ‘a little,’” Steve said, ignoring Tony. Peter made a noncommittal, unhelpful sound in response. “Are you safe, at least?”“Well, define safe,” Peter said, “because in our profession, are we ever really—”“How serious is your situation?” Cap interrupted. Through the comm, Peter could hear the sounds of gunfire, the slap of flesh against pavement, and Cap groaning. Peter swallowed. That didn’t sound good.“Are you in immediate danger?” Cap corrected. “Going to bleed out or die in the next half hour?”Peter should’ve spoken up then, because honestly? Yeah, maybe. His situation didn’t seem immediately drop-everything-and-run dire, but it wasn’t good.Peter should’ve told them about the growing sticky wetness in his back and thigh, where Peter is fairly sure he’s been stabbed, or at least skewed; told them all about the growing numbness in his body from the pressure of the heavy rubble above him, about the fear choking him, how there wasn’t any room in the pocket of air the collapsed building had created.But Peter still felt clumsy and stupid in the wake of superheroes more experienced. He didn’t want to wimp out, demand someone come and hold his hand. This wasn’t that bad. Peter could shut up and deal. This was a part of being an Avenger, after all.When Peter had failed to answer, Steve said, “Spidey, they’ve got reinforcements. We’ve hit a bit of a snag here, and I don’t think anyone will be able to help you for a while. Think you can sit tight while we deal with this?”The pressure on his lower back and legs was becoming too much. Peter swallowed thickly, fighting down panic. He could handle this.“Yeah,” Peter said. “I can do that.” 
 Peter stopped talking after that.Usually, he fell back on terrible, violence inducing jokes when he was badly injured or frightened. This, however, trapped in the darkness, a heavy blanket of rubble against his back, took all of Peter’s concentration to handle.He wanted to take his comm out of his ear and use his palm to smoother it, stop the other Avengers from hearing in case Peter did fall into a panic attack, or started shouting, or screaming—or worse, crying—but he couldn’t reach his comm. There was no room to move. Not even an inch.“I don’t want to rush you guys,” Peter said, aft
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
hurt!Peter
Hurt/Comfort
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Peter is an Avenger
Sam Is An Avenger
Protective Avengers
Whump
Team Dynamics
team fic
Panic Attacks
Guilt

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

