Work Text:
“It could be fun,” she’d said, smiling and terrified, and he’d tossed her up onto the back of a damned flying alien vehicle. Later, in the stillness of the aftermath, he’d looked at her and saw bruises forming on her cheek and knew there must be a dozen more in places he couldn’t see. She ate her shwarma in silence and said “What’s next?” when they finished.Steve thinks Natasha Romanoff is the most impressive girl he’s ever met.*She usually wears her hair up when she’s in street clothes and down when she’s in her SHIELD uniform; Tony says the street clothes are her real disguise and Steve guesses she likes to have her hair down when she’s really being herself.It’s a month after the invasion that he sees Natasha dressed up, at some gala honoring them, something where Stark does all the interviews so the rest of them agree to show up. She wears a green dress that hugs her curves and shoes that add five inches. Her red curls are down and when he catches sight of her out of the corner of his eye his breath catches. He thinks for a second she’s Peggy. She asks him to dance and he says no. He never did learn how. Nothing in her expression changes but he feels like she’s a little disappointed. She dances with Clint instead and smiles a real smile that Steve thinks is too rare.*It seems like most of her missions are classified even from the Avengers. “I need to know more about her,” he tells Fury in frustration, “if we’re going to be a team.” “I don’t want her past to color your judgement,” Fury tells him, and Steve thinks that means ‘she did a lot of things you wouldn’t approve of.’*“How old were you when you became a spy?” he asks her one day while they’re sparring. She doesn’t like to spar with him but he doesn’t know why. He’s not holding back as much as he should and she still beats him as often as the other way around. “I don’t know,” she answers, her eyes darting from his feet to his shoulder. He changes position to try and throw her off guard. Her mouth twitches, and his heart sinks.“How old are you now?” he asks, trying to distract her, to keep her from doing whatever crazy acrobatic thing is coming next.“I don’t know,” she says, but Steve can’t reply to that since he’s flat on his back with the wind knocked out of him.*“What is that?” she asks him abruptly one afternoon. (Steve is learning that Natasha is only abrupt when she’s being herself. When she’s nice and normal and soothing, she’s angling for something.) They’re in the living space in Stark Tower; Steve spends more time here than his own apartment these days and Natasha comes and goes from the Tower like a phantom. She’s been gone two weeks this time and Steve was surprised to see her when he came in from drawing on the terrace to find her at the coffee machine.“Don’t know quite what it’s going to be yet,” Steve says. It’s a drawing that’s coming to him in pieces, a memory of something not too distant for him but generations ago for her. “It’s just my guys around a campfire,” he says, holding out his half-finished drawing of the Commandos in a rare moment of rest. “That one’s Bucky, you can tell by the way he’s laughing.” “Tell me about him,” she says, staring at him, unflinching. Talking about Bucky still hurts so he doesn’t do it much but Natasha doesn’t usually show any interest in the team as people, save for Clint. He doesn’t want to discourage it.“When we were fifteen there was a heatwave in New York that lasted three weeks. Bucky and I spent the entire time at the beach on Coney Island and by the end of the three weeks he had four girlfriends,” Steve says with a smile. Talking about Bucky before the war, before he became Cap and Bucky became Sergeant Barnes - somehow it’s easier.“What about you?” Natasha asks.“I had a sunburn,” Steve replies and she tosses her head back and laughs. Steve feels like he’s won a prize, getting to hear it.*Seems like the world is close to ending more often now that Steve’s living in the future. He worries about all of them when they’re fighting in the field - well, less about Thor to be honest, and not so much about the Hulk, though he worries a lot about Dr. Banner - but they’re his team now and he tries to make sure he has their backs.With Natasha he maybe tries a little too hard.“Focus, Captain,” she tells him through the earpieces that Tony invented so they have a channel all their own, away from SHIELD's prying ears. There’s a giant robot thing heading her way and she’s not backing down. Steve runs toward her, nevermind that he’s defying his own strategic plan. He tosses her bodily out of the way of an incoming shot, takes the robot down by hefting it over his head and slamming it into the pavement in a rush of adrenaline he hasn’t felt in a while. When he looks back, Natasha’s on her feet, hands on her hips. “You have your own to deal with, go!” Natasha says firmly, waving him off, and Steve tries to put her out of his mind as he tears a few robots down, the metal of his shield making a satisfyi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Opposites Attract

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

