Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There's nothing like being loaned out to the CIA to make Clint appreciate how far he's come since his nameless, faceless sniper days. He still has a tendency to fade into the background (it's damn easy when Stark's out in front of the PR blitz and Cap is standing right beside him--it'll take a lot longer than a year for the media outlets to get past those two, which Clint is pretty okay with), but he has a name and a place on a team now. Truth be told, he'd never just been "the asset" with SHIELD. Clint knows he owes that entirely to Phil Coulson and how he'd run his ops, but even without Coulson somewhere in the background, the attitude still persists. Treating your people as people: it's not bad as a legacy even if it goes without saying that nobody wanted it to actually be a legacy so fucking soon.Still, as much as Clint hates getting sent out on a Company job, it's ten times worse for Natasha. Clint knows she's fighting against every single second of her early conditioning just to stay calm and cool on the surface. It's Natasha, so nobody else has a clue, but Clint knows all the signs. Having to debrief at Langley, which makes Clint want to claw his face off, has to have Nat close to choking. He can't let on that he knows how much it costs her to be here--he likes his balls attached to his body and functional--which makes having her back a little more challenging than usual, but it's what they do for each other. Even now, being a part of a team--truly a part, not just out on the fringes--there are times when the only thing keeping each of them whole and functioning (Clint isn't going to say sane, because he knows goddamn well how close to that edge they skate sometimes) is the other.Yeah, so: Langley. CIA headquarters, and a complete clusterfuck of an assignment to debrief, complicated enough that they're locked up in a room full of Company spooks for the better part of a day and night. Clint's gone through every biofeedback trick he knows three fucking times, and Nat is agitated enough that she's flipping pens like she does her knives before they finally get turned loose, but finally they're done. They might be a little punchy from sheer relief (not to mention getting about five hours of sleep over the previous three days) but it's nothing fifteen hours in a bed and a couple of pounds of ribeye won't cure, or at least that's what Clint thinks until they're halfway back to the front lobby and he sees Coulson coming through security.It's not the first time Clint's looked at a random guy in a dark suit and seen Phil. Hell, for the first couple of months after it all went down, Clint saw him every fucking day. PTSD, the docs said. Guilt, Clint's brain said (when it wasn't saying dereliction of duty or collusion or traitor or the all-time favorite, murderer.) Breathe through it, Natasha would say. Just breathe.  It'd taken a couple of months but his brain started calming down, and lately he's only seen the faces of the ones he'd killed (the ones *Loki* killed, the Natasha-voice in his brain says automatically, and maybe one day Clint will believe her) in his dreams. Since he's dead on his feet (when a Company op goes south, it generally goes nuclear with fall-out lasting for days and this last one hadn't been any different), it's possible he's just hallucinating, but it doesn't feel like the other times. Coulson looks older; almost... well, not frail, because Clint doesn’t care what shit is going on in his head, he’s never going to see Coulson as that diminished. Thinner, maybe. Refined down to the bone, maybe. It’s too damn weird, but the real thing that’s fucking with Clint’s head is that no matter how many times he glances away and back, it's still Phil he’s seeing. Normally, on the second, or maybe the third look, Clint sees the real person. On the plus side, at least this vision isn’t bleeding out or glaring accusations at him."Clint," Natasha says sharply, and Clint realizes it's the third time she's said his name. He shrugs off her concerned look and starts walking again, so they can get the hell out of this place before he completely loses it. He can't help looking back, though, and fuck, it's still Coulson he's seeing."Nat," he manages to say, and he doesn't mean to sound like he's going down any second, but that's how it comes out. She spins around like she's expecting an all-out assault and just then, the guy Clint's staring at looks up and sees them both, and--"Fuck me," Natasha hisses in Russian, right before Fury's there and they're all swept down the hall and out of public view.

* * *
There's a helicopter waiting for them, and a jet from Andrews to LaGuardia, and another helicopter from there to the Tower. Clint spends the entire trip clamping down the seething mass of emotions masquerading as higher thought processes, alternating between raging fury, a sort of unbelieving relief, and the deep, familiar sear of exclusion. Natasha stays with him, sitting between him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Team
Fix-It
First Kiss
First Time

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

