Work Text:
Loki knew of the tower, of course: where the frost giant sorcerer Ymir had been imprisoned, after Odin had defeated him. A splendid choice, full of tradition. He smiled a little under the gag as they marched him to it, under guard, with Thor at his side holding his arm. Inside the doorway they removed the shackles, and put down the key to the gag. Odin came behind and stood in the doorway, playing at grief. He dismissed the guards and spoke, and so did Thor; Loki didn't bother listening to either one of them. He took off the gag and flung it to the floor spattered with blood he'd bitten his tongue to get, for the pleasure of seeing them both flinch. He wiped blood from his mouth and said, "Save your hypocrisy for a more appreciative audience, and leave me alone." He turned and went up the stairs. There was but the one chamber, but it did not need to hold very much. There were a few books, the sleeping-couch, a table for meals. There was a terrace, which offered a splendid view of the green fields and the citadel towering golden beyond them: a nice detail of torture, that. Loki stood out in the wind, watching Thor and Odin walking back along the road together behind the marching guards, their heads bowed. He lifted his head towards the long shining ramp of the Bifrost, still under repair, where he could see Heimdall a small golden figurine watching. "Do tell Odin, gatekeeper," he said softly, "that I will find a way out of his inescapable tower." He drew his hand across the air with a whisper and concealed himself from Heimdall's sight. No more need to hide that particular ability. He started with all the obvious things: children's spells of opening, through the words of power, none of which he expected to work. That consumed a few weeks. Then he tried the handful of clever ideas he'd had, the last and best of which was turning himself into a thin dry leaf and lying on the floor to be tossed off by the wind. The trick of it was he had to forget he wasn't a leaf, for it to have any chance of working, so he wasn't sure how many hours it had been when he was finally blown off the edge of the terrace, and found himself flung back into his own shape onto the floor.  He lay a while on the floor afterwards, gazing at the ceiling. He hadn't really had much expectation of success. Ymir, they said, had been prisoner here for three centuries before he'd been broken out by his compatriots. Loki was younger in his art, and had no allies on the outside to hope for rescue. Quite the reverse. He wondered what Odin would do if the Chitauri really did come after him. Probably fight them off: it wouldn't look very good for the Allfather to yield the son he was still pretending to love to a band of monsters out to torture him to death. It didn't matter. Loki had no intention of buying protection with his imprisonment, even if that bargain were offered him. He went out onto the terrace a week later and watched the first day of the apple harvest: laughter and music between the ranks of trees that rose even to his cell, maidens dancing in fluttering white gowns very like his own prisoner's shift. Loki saw Frigga and Odin when she came to bless the harvest, a glimpse of Thor moving among the feasters once, flash of sunlight on his golden hair. The Bifrost repair had been completed. That night it flared again for the first time. Watching it, Loki knew Thor had gone back to Midgard, then, and his mortal pets. Presumably on the excuse of helping to repair the damage Loki had done: really, Thor was doing well out of the whole thing. That was a good thought, a useful thought: one that made him stronger. One that made him ready. The harvest was always a good day for beginnings anyway. "All right," Loki said to the air. "The other way, then." His food came and went each day upon a tray which appeared on his table at dawn and vanished again with sunset. He had already trained them to send him only bread and water, in anticipation, by leaving everything else they offered him untouched. In the morning, he drank the water, then took the bread and went out onto the terrace and crumbled it to pieces on the ledge. The sparrows and magpies found the feast first, the larger crows and ravens coming shortly after. Loki stood back and enjoyed watching them squabble and snap and celebrate over the bounty. "After all, it's the harvest," he said to them. "Why shouldn't you feast, too?"It was an unexpected reward to have their loud and quarrelsome company, after a month of silence. He began to dole the bread out three times in a day: it also gave the smaller birds a better chance at getting some crumbs before they were shoved aside. Hunger was unpleasant at first, but he soon learned to ignore the tightness in his belly. He'd never liked pain, and he could do without it now, but he'd learned a new meaning for the word that had nothing to do with the physical. To distract himself, he walked back and forth across the tower chanting all the alphab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki & Thor

