Chapter 1: The one where... Steve's in a salty sort of mood, but there's sweetness all around in the end.
    




Chapter Text
In hindsight, it’s pretty obvious why Steve does it.
Because as much as he likes pretending to be annoyed, he actually thinks it’s adorable how fixated Tony is on his morning coffee. He’s the most un-morning person Steve has ever known, and no matter how much Steve coaxes him into interacting with the rest of the team over the breakfast table-- or at least acknowledging their existence-- he has yet to witness Tony breathe a word to anyone before downing one or two large mugs of scalding coffee.
But Steve thinks it’s high time for his genius to learn a lesson or two.
- - - - - - - - - -
He takes advantage of his early rising-- it’s a habit he’s not sure he’ll ever unlearn, no matter how tempting it is when Tony, soft and warm from sleep, purrs at Steve to stick around for a little morning nookie, baby, even though his eyes are barely open-- to stop by the kitchen on his way out for his morning run.
He turns on the coffeemaker, brings down all of his team’s mugs from the cupboards, and takes out the bowl of sugar.
And then dumps its contents in the sink.
He can’t help the bright grin on his face as he looks for the salt and pours it into the now empty bowl, because Steve’s pretty sure he knows exactly how this is gonna go down, and he can’t wait to see Tony’s face.
He leaves everything out and ready, and then sends a mass text as he leaves the tower, to everyone but his boyfriend: 

Coffee’s ready in the kitchen. DON’T use the “sugar” in the bowl. - S

He does his run a little faster, partly because he’s feeling particularly energized, but definitely because he wants to be there when Tony wakes up.
Sure enough, only his and Tony’s mugs are left on the counter, but Steve goes up to their room instead, smiling at the sight of his lover splayed out under their covers. He’s in and out the shower in five minutes, and once he’s dressed, he kneels by the bed and pulls the sheets off Tony’s head.
“Morning, sweetheart,” he whispers, running a hand through the brunet’s soft, sleep-tousled hair. “Up and at ‘em...”
Tony barely moves, but the rough groan that leaves him lets Steve know he’s been heard.
“If you’re awake and downstairs in five, I’ll have your coffee ready. And maybe I’ll even make French toast.”
“Ngghhh.”
“Five minutes,” he kisses Tony’s temple, and leaves the room.
Four minutes later, Steve has to hold back his excited chuckles when Tony stumbles into the kitchen.
“Good morning,” he says, maybe a little too eager, but just as expected, Tony doesn’t even spare him a glance. His eyes are barely open but he clearly knows where everything is by now, because he walks up to the counter his mug is sitting on, grabs the spoon in the sugar bowl, and dumps three spoonfuls into his coffee.
By the time Tony lets out a loud sigh as he stirs his mug, Steve’s shoulders are shaking from his efforts to keep his laughter inside. 
But then Tony brings the mug to his lips, and takes a sip.
There’s a moment of absolute silence as he sees Tony’s eyes widen in realization, and then Steve just loses it. He lets out a giggle that turns to a laugh, that turns into great, big guffaws that leave him breathless and crying into the counter. 
Then he looks back up, and stops.
Because Tony hasn’t spit out the mug’s contents, and Steve can only stare in awe as the brunet keeps drinking, staring at Steve with every gulp until he’s downed it all. 
“Oh my god,” Steve breathes, but doesn’t have time to say anything else before Tony strides over to where he’s standing and shoves his tongue down Steve’s throat.
He’s returning the kiss before he even realizes-- it’s a reflex at this point, really, because there will never be a time where he has Tony’s lips on his and he won’t kiss back-- but pulls away with a grimace a second later.
“That’s disgusting.”
“Not usually the response I get from you,” Tony’s wide awake now, for sure, and Steve is quick to wrap his arms around the brunet’s waist. 
“I didn’t mean it like that.”
“I know,” Tony replies with an eye roll. “But it fucking serves you right after the shit you just pulled.”
“I thought it’d be funny,” Steve says. “It was. Mostly.”
“It was sacrilegious, you ass. I can’t believe they let you be Captain America--”
“It’s ‘cause I’m such a good man--”
“That’s funny--”
“And I’ve got a good heart--”
“Not seeing it right now, honey--”
“-- even if it belongs to a man in a tin can now--”
“Tin can?” Tony deadpans, but his eyes soften as they meet Steve’s. In the morning light, he looks so beautiful that it takes Steve’s breath away, and he almost leans in to kiss Tony again.
Almost.
Because he still has the taste of coffee and salt in his mouth, and it’s almost bad enough to gag.
“I have no idea how you managed to swallow all of that, by the way.”
“That’s what he said,” Tony snickers, then he’s laughing into Steve’s shoulder and Steve is laughing into Tony’s hair, and it’s not real
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
All my tumblr prompts and drabbles
It's basically gonna be
Fluff
and humor
And a little bit of
Hurt/Comfort
but mostly happiness
SAVAGE TONY
he's the Alpha damn it
all kinds of AUs here folks!
firefighter!au
doctor!AU
SO MUCH DE-AGING!
Baby Avengers
I suck at chapter titles but I TRY!
very little angst here
Happy MCU

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

