Work Text:
Peter pushes his way out of the elevator the second it's open wide enough to accommodate him, yelling, “Hey! Dads? Have you seen what somebody just did to the Bank of America Tower? It's frozen.”Steve and Tony are standing near the glass doors that lead out onto the balcony, Tony already in the Iron Man suit with the faceplate up so he can see what he's doing as he tugs Steve's right glove on, which is totally unnecessary, Steve can dress himself. Obviously they've heard about the Tower. Peter pulls a face and says, “Oh my god, you guys know you're doing this where anybody can happen upon it, right? And be mentally scarred forever? Like me?”Steve shoots him an unimpressed look—he's really good at those—and Tony just grins at him and drawls, “Bambi, if we wanted to traumatize you, you'd be traumatized, trust me. I used to—”“NO,” Peter says and turns his head away, waving his hands frantically to stop him. “Don't tell me, oh god, please don't tell me. I don't want to know what you did in your wild younger days.”Tony's face falls open into an expression of disbelief. “Did your son just call me  old? ”Steve shoots him a wry look and says, “I think  our  son has a point.” He pulls out of Tony's grip and grabs his shield off of the couch behind him. “Come on, time's wasting.”“Unbelievable,” Tony says and points a finger. “You're sleeping on the couch. I am not old.”Steve rolls his eyes and says, “Tony, you're forty-nine. Peter's sixteen. I'm sorry to break it to you, but that's old to a teenager.”“You're a hundred and ten!” Tony cries, outraged.Steve grins, rolls a shrug off one shoulder. “Yeah, but I've got the body of a twenty-nine year old.”“Oh my god,” Tony says, “you're so sleeping on the couch.”This is how it always is. Once Peter gets them going, they can do this for   hours   . “Hey, maybe we should go stop the guys who are trying to encase Manhattan in ice,” Peter says, raising his voice to cut them off. His dads' heads come up, finally looking away from each other and Peter takes a deep breath, tries to look like he's totally ready to go and like maybe a stiff wind wouldn't knock him over 'cause he's so skinny. His dads are totally in their own world when they start bickering like that, so yanking on the Spiderman suit without them noticing was easy. Tony blinks at him and Steve's head cocks slightly down and to the side, the way it always does right before he says    absolutely not   . “No, Peter,” he says. “Absolutely not.” Totally called it.“Come   on   , Dad,” Peter protests and forces himself not to stomp his foot because that's definitely not going to give him the    totally grown up and ready to go do battle with aliens    vibe he's going for. He shoots an imploring look at Tony, hoping he'll do the cool dad thing and let him come. Tony shakes his head. “No. Nope, your Dad's right.” He starts doing the finger-list thing. God, Peter hates the finger lists. “A, you're not done with your training; B, you're sixteen; C, they called all the Avengers in on this one so it's no blundering first-timer super villain in the making. And, D, you have homework.”“How am I supposed to learn anything if you never let me come with you?” Peter complains and dammit, he's getting a little whiny, but   come on.    He's sixteen for crying out loud! He's got super powers! Tony doesn't even have super powers! Steve shakes his head. “No. Take the suit off. Do your homework. We'll be back when this has all been taken care of and you had better be in bed when we do, Mister.”“No porn,” Tony adds and both Peter and Steve shoot him dirty looks. “Just me then?” Tony says.Peter's opening his mouth to argue some more when Clint bounds in through the open glass doors. “What's the hold up guys? Six buildings are frozen solid. Chop chop.” Then he spots Peter and his eyebrows shoot up. “Peter's coming?”“Yes—”“  No   ,” both his dads say simultaneously. Peter crosses his arms and hunches his shoulders. “They're treating me like I'm four years old and don't know how to control my webs!” Peter tells Clint. “Can't you make them take me with, Uncle Clint? I'll stay with you! I don't have to be in the middle of it!” Clint's eyes dart toward his dads who are both glowering at    him    now. Clint looks back to Peter. “Another time, Pete,” he says, the wuss.  
Peter groans. “You all    suck   .” Steve starts crowding Tony and Clint out onto the balcony. “Do your homework, Peter, and get to bed on time,” he calls over his shoulder. “Don't spend all night on the phone with Gwen.” Peter flushes and god, that's just the last straw. He has the worst dads ever. “   Try not to get killed!   ” he yells after them. “We love you, Peter!” Steve shouts back and Tony blows him a kiss through the glass before he flips down the faceplate of the suit and hits the thrusters. Clint waves apologetically and Peter ignores him, which is pretty immature, but if they're going to treat him like a baby then that's what they're gonna get. Homework,    he sc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
dads
Superfamily
Superhusbands
peter is steve and tony's son
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angsty Schmoop
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Alien Invasion
PTSD
Protectiveness
Action
Fear
Explicit Language
No Sex
Universe Alteration
Male Slash
Flux-Verse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

