Work Text:
“Hey, Foggy?”
“Mm?”  Foggy looks up from tying his shoe and waits for Matt to say whatever it is he wants to say.  After a little more than a week, he’s still learning to read his new roommate’s face - the “no eye contact” thing makes it tricky - but he thinks Matt looks uncertain.  “What’s up?”
“Could you...ah…”  Matt’s fingers curl around the handle of his cane like a security blanket.  He’s already got his jacket and shoes on, ready to head down to the coffee shop before their first classes of the day.  “Could you guide me?”
Foggy blinks.  Matt’s asked him for help before, but with little things like reading signs and screens, never with getting around.  Foggy maybe should’ve offered, but he didn’t want to stick his foot in his mouth more than he had when they met - and besides, Matt never seems to need help getting around.  Sure, he has the cane, and he gropes for seats and doors, but there’s a confidence to the way he moves, a certain surefooted grace that Foggy can never hope to emulate no matter how good his eyes are.
He must’ve hesitated too long, because Matt’s fingers tighten on the cane.  “You don’t have to - ”
“No, it’s fine!” Foggy says quickly.  “I just...are you okay?  It’s just that you’re always, like.  Mr. Independent.  Like Kelly Clarkson.”  Foggy is an idiot.
Matt lets out one of those little surprised laughs of his, the ones that always make Foggy feel oddly triumphant.  “No, no, I’m fine.  I can get around with just the cane, it’s just...a little easier with someone guiding me.  But I don’t like to ask until...until I know the other person.”
Foggy’s glad Matt can’t tell how warm his cheeks are right now.  Whatever, it’s totally manly to be touched when your cool new roommate trusts you not to walk him into a wall.  “What if I lead you off a cliff?”
He can see Matt relaxing at the joke, the furrow between his brows easing.  Once again, being ridiculous serves Foggy well.  “One of the many cliffs we have here in Manhattan?”
“There could be hundreds of them.  How would you even know?” Foggy counters.  He finishes off his shoelace and stands up.  “What do you need me to do?”
“Just…” Matt moves towards his voice, left hand out.  “I’ll hold on to your elbow.  Just say if there are stairs, or if we’re crossing the street, stuff like that.”
Foggy holds his right elbow out like he’s doing half a chicken dance.  He’s sure it looks awkward as hell, but hey, Matt can’t see it.  “Elbow’s fine, but just so you know, I don’t hold a boy’s hand until after we’re pinned.”
Matt laughs again.  “I’m glad to hear you’re guarding your virtue closely.  Very admirable.”
His fingertips bump Foggy’s arm and drag around the curve of it to nest in the crook of his arm.  Foggy loosens the bend of it to give him more room.  Matt’s grip is light but unmistakable, a warm presence through Foggy’s sleeve.
“This okay?” Matt asks.
Next to him like this, Foggy can see the line of Matt’s profile; the slope of his nose, the way his upper lip pushes up into his cupid’s bow.  His eyes are normally hidden by his glasses, but here, up close, Foggy can tell that they - or at least the one closest to him - are a warm, forest-y color, that color that’s not quite brown but not quite green.
Foggy wets his lips.  Hazel, right, that’s what it’s called.  Hazel.  “Yeah, but I should warn you: if we walk into a line dance, I will do-si-do you.”
Matt grins, and his fingers curl tighter against Foggy’s arm.  Foggy can see the smile lines arcing towards his cheekbones.  “That’s fair.”
Yeah, Foggy thinks.  This is okay.
*
The world is spinning.  The world is spinning, but that’s okay, because Foggy’s safe on his bed, and Matt is snickering over on the next bed about a joke Foggy’s already forgotten, and the Heights Cafe’s three dollar happy hour margaritas are Foggy’s friends.
“Heh.  Which...which was the girl who kept trying to sit in your lap?” Matt asks.
Foggy grins at the ceiling.  “The redhead.”
“Okay, you realize that doesn’t help me at all.”
Foggy frowns, then gets it and stifles a laugh.  “Right, sorry.  The, uh...she kept saying we should go downtown.  Not anywhere in particular, just, like.  Downtown.”
“Ha, yeah.  What’s downtown?”
“Nothing, man.”  Foggy closes his eyes.  “She was hot, though.”
“Mm.  Red hair?”
“Yep.”
Matt falls silent, and Foggy wiggles a little, burrowing into his mattress.  Better to have a secure nest when it’s spinning like that.
“Hey.”
“Yeah?”
“What color is your hair?”
Foggy opens his eyes.  He never thought about it, but yeah, how would Matt know?  “It’s green.”
“Foggy…”  There’s laughter in Matt’s voice, but a bit of an edge, too.
“Blond,” Foggy admits.  “It’s blond.”
Matt’s quiet for a minute.  “I guess it’s weird, right?  That we’ve been roommates all year and I don’t even know what you look like?”
“No weirder than you quoting Thurgood Marshall all the time.  Nerd,” Foggy says, and is rewarded with a laugh.  “...I.  I could tell you what I look like.”  He’s gonna describe Justin Timberlake.  No,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

