Chapter 1: A Rather Large Problem
    




Chapter Text
“Hawk, we need you on the roof!” Cap yells over the comm from beside Tony who is firing missiles at the new surge of minions that Loki has unleashed. Steve releases his shield and it spins through the flock of small, winged, elven-looking creatures, sending a number of them to their doom hundreds of feet below. Some obliterate into the usual puff of green smoke before they even reach the ground.“Where-is-that-smirking-little-shit,” Tony breathes, punching a minion in the face. He cringes as he spies another ripping the television aerial off of a nearby building, and another as it claws at Tasha’s hair on the street. An arrow plunges into its chest, and it screams before poofing out of existence.“On my way, Cap. Just had to deal with another of the bastards,” Clint replies breathlessly. Tony and Steve continue their on-going battle, and soon enough Clint has joined them, shooting arrows in every direction.“Don’t you think this is a bit on the strange side?” Clint muses, strategically placing an arrow in the temple of one of the minions. It bursts into smoke. “I mean, usually Loki’s minions are a little more…durable? And they aren’t even causing major havoc. They’re just being…annoying.”Tony crushes a minion’s windpipe, and it makes a choking sound before his hand is wrapped around nothing but air. He’s been contemplating this all morning. Suddenly, Tasha and Thor come crashing through the roof’s door and Hulk smashes down next to them, making the floor shake.“They’re only concentrating on us!” Tasha cries, emptying the rounds in her gun on a few oncoming minions. “This is beyond irritating! And they ruined my hair.”Clint swivels his head back around from grinning at them. “Plus, there isn’t actually any sign of the dick. Maybe he’s too scared to come out and play today?” “I am not too scared!” comes a clogged-up-yet-familiar voice from behind them. Loki is standing on a nearby rooftop, looking one hundred percent worse for wear. His nose is red raw, and his eyes are watery. He coughs, which escalates into him almost hacking up a lung. His hand is raised, and the minions freeze in mid-air, pausing the fight. The Avengers watch the God of Mischief with shock and curiosity.“You look like crap,” Tony states matter-of-factly, and Loki glares at him, but the proceeds to sigh and let his shoulders relax a little.“It appears that I have been affected by some type of deadly Midgardian disease. It is most unpleasant. I cannot breathe through my nose. Disgusting, disgusting human afflictions. I fear death may be imminent. I was not aware that human illness could kill gods but as of yet I do not see my health improving. It is, on the other hand, getting monumentally worse with each passing day. My magic is being compromised because of it. Look!” He waves a hand at the suspended minions. “It is most degradi- why are you laughing?”Tony, Steve, Tasha and Clint are wheezing, all on the brink of falling about laughing, but it is Hulk who is roaring with laughter, and shrinks suddenly into a very naked Bruce. A compartment in Tony’s suit opens and JARVIS pings a minutely folded pair of pants at Bruce’s chest. As he puts them on, tears continue to roll down his cheeks.“How dare you find amusement in my brother’s pain?!” Thor thunders, and they all shut up. “HE IS DYING!”“Thor, calm down!” Clint says. “Loki’s got a cold. A common cold. He’s not gonna die.”Loki startles. “A cold, you say?”“Yes,” Steve cackles. “All humans get it once in a while.”Red tints Loki’s cheeks. “Oh!” Then he frowns. “Oh.” His face scrunches up, and he gasps for air.“He’s gonna sneeze,” Bruce announces dumbly.Loki sneezes.As the cloud of smoke dissipates, Loki seems to have disappeared.“Did he explode?” Clint asks hopefully.Tasha smiles. “With any luck.”“I did not explode, you blithering idiots! Oh blast it all.” The smoke settles finally, and the entire team’s jaw’s drop. A four-year-old-looking Loki is standing on the roof opposite, hands on hips and seething.“Shit.”“Oh my.”“He’s tiny,” Clint giggles.“ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” Loki screams, and it’s weird because his voice is the same as his adult self, but it’s coming out of a child’s mouth. “THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!”“Looks like your bro’s magic is in serious doo doo,” Tony says, turning to Thor who is still lost for words. Loki is pacing back and forth. His outfit has shrunk along with him, so the whole sight is pretty incredible. Tony snorts with laughter.“WHY?” Loki pummels at his helmet in distress. “WHY?!?”Thor disappears from beside Tony and lands next to his brother.“Loki, brother, are you not able to amend this problem?”“NO THOR, I CANNOT AMEND THIS PROBLEM. MY MAGIC HAS BEEN SACRIFICED TO THIS VILE AILMEN-”He coughs violently. Thor slaps him on the back and he flies across the roof tops. Luckily, Clint leaps into the air and catches the little sucker, who wrenches himself from the archer’s grasp and drops to the floor as soon as he can.“…So
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Kid!Fic
Bb!Vengers
Minivengers
De-Aged
Feels
Feels galore

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Pepper Potts

