Chapter 1: 1921
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
As she said goodnight to her son, Sarah Rogers kissed Steven on the forehead.  With solemn blue eyes, he opened and closed his hand in a wave goodbye.  At the tender age of three, he’d learned long ago that crying didn’t make Mama stay.  She hated it when he cried.  She hated leaving him with a neighbor four times a week, though Mrs. Sullivan was kind and didn’t ask for much money. Sarah had volunteered for the night shift, so at least she could work while Steven slept, even if meant being exhausted while he bounced around their tiny apartment during the day.  It was worth it not to miss his waking hours, and she’d learned to get by on the long nap they took in the afternoons.With a quiet goodbye to Mrs. Sullivan, Sarah had to do a fast walk to get to the Brooklyn Hospital where her shift started in just a half hour.She reminded herself to be grateful she’d finished her student nursing before Mr. Rogers had been killed in action, and that the hospital had been kind enough to offer her one of the few graduate nurse positions.  She’d been the top of her class and most respectful to the senior nurses.  The money wasn’t much, but it was enough to get by.  For an Irish widow with a sickly child, she reminded herself to be thankful for her blessings.   In any case, she didn’t want to be late. Not today.  She had a mission.  Yesterday, a much older woman had checked in for stomach pains.  As Sarah had settled her into the ward, she'd discovered Mrs. Daughton was deaf. With pen and paper, Mrs. Daughton had asked if there was anyone on staff who signed the finger language.  Sarah shook her head sadly.  They had a friendly, if painstaking, conversation by writing in a notebook.  Sarah had discovered the lady had been a teacher for deaf children back when finger signs were taught, rather than making the children rely on reading lips. Though the two women could write, Sarah could see Mrs. Daughton’s frustration and wondered how much easier it was to communicate with gestures.She’d thought about the woman all night, checked on her hourly, and wondered.  Steven was deaf in one ear. Sarah had figured out that he was trying to read her lips when he would stare hard at her mouth as she talked.  Between that and what hearing he had, they got by.  He’d been slow to talk and still had the odd pronunciation here and there. When she'd found out about his hearing, she’d done her research. All the educators and doctors insisted that Steven would be fine reading lips, that it was the right way to have him grow up in a normal world.  But the last bout of pneumonia had terrified Sarah.  He’d been so choked up with phlegm that his ears and lungs had filled. Her darling boy had been so sick, he couldn’t hear her. He was so tired, he couldn’t keep his eyes open long enough to figure out what she was saying.  He’d been too exhausted to do anything but reach for her.  Seeing Mrs. Daughton make finger motions got Sarah thinking, and with a tiny kernel of hope blooming, she considered the possibilities.  This morning, she’d taken Steven to the library and had checked out an old book of American Sign Language.  She’d painstakingly copied all the letters and drew pictures of the hands on the back of an old flyer while Steven sat in the chair next to her and sorted through all the picture books she’d piled in front of him.Tonight, Sarah timed her visit to Mrs. Daughton so that she could take her short break at the same time.  The woman smiled, for Sarah had been patient with her in ways some of the other nurses hadn’t.  Sarah sat down, balancing her sheet of paper on her lap, and held up her hands.  She carefully formed the letters one by one.  //Hi, my name is Mrs. Rogers.  Can you help me talk to my son?//Mrs. Daughton’s eyes widened. She smiled, making a sign in front of her, and then spelled out the letters “Y,” “E,”and “S.”  




Notes:

References:Here is where the idea came from of signing being handed down from one person to another: outside classrooms, from vocational teachers and the community itself.http://vq.vassar.edu/issues/2003/02/features/american-sign-language.htmlhttp://www-tc.pbs.org/weta/throughdeafeyes/about/transcript.pdfhttp://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0814798918Regarding nursing in the 1920’s:In the 1920’s, most student nurses worked 12-24 hour shifts at the hospital for a stipend, food, and housing--pretty much as cheap labor for whatever nursing and/or cleaning was needed in the hospital. As hospitals moved away from 24-hour shifts, nurses were often required to work up to 6 days a week.  Due to this grueling schedule, when they graduated, only a few nurses stayed in the hospital setting as staff nurses.  The majority of the rest went into private duty nursing where the money and hours were better.  There are many, many articles on this subject.  I took liberties here with Sarah’s employment because I hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Sign Language
Deaf Clint Barton
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-World War II
WWII
Post WWII
Post CA:TWS

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

