Work Text:
+Natalia Alianovna Romanova is born in the depth of winter, with eyes as stormy as a pre-blizzard sky. Baba Yaga whispers magic in one ear and Rasputin murmurs in the other. Ivan’s war cry echoes in her first scream, and Princess Anastasia’s defiance rattles from her tiny fists. King Frost kisses her brow and her mother weeps. Long live Russia.+She is seven years old in 1989 when an old man comes knocking on her family’s door. Natashenka dresses quietly and slips out into the eternal winter with him. Her mother calls after her. She waves, red hair flying around her like the falling flag.She follows the man up a hill and out of sight of the house.“You have melancholia in your eyes,” the old man says, stooping low against the wind. “And green. Green is for hope, little girl.” He nods to himself. “A good balance.”Natashenka throws herself into the snow, makes an angel, stares at the sky. After a moment, the old man joins her, flat on his back.“Your turn,” he whispers.Russia closes his eyes.In Berlin, ten thousand men, women and children storm a wall. In Moscow, Gorbachev smiles for the cameras.Russia opens her eyes, filled with hope and melancholia, and oil and vodka in her veins.Russia is dead. Long live Russia.+ That night, she dreams of a man in dapper clothes, walking stick in hand. “Hello there, duckie,” he drawls with a smile.And old man, stopped low and wearing faded communist red nods at her. By his side is a stocky woman in her forties, holding him upright. She nods, too. Then they turn and walk away. A gap-toothed boy takes their place, smiling, eyes as blue as summers over a broken wall.China nods, regal and silent. France snorts, runs a hand through raven hair and down her white dress. “You remade the world today, cherie.”Russia shrugs. The wind howls.+She has seen him before, on TV, in pictures. She never even guessed at his true nature, never saw even a flicker of it until she steps into his living room and he smiles at her, a flash of teeth in the bright morning sunlight.She always expected America to be like the late Captain America, blue, white and red, the same colors as her own, but less broken, less frozen and lost. Less melancholia, more hope.She didn’t expect America to wear the face of Anthony Edward Stark. Up close, though, she can’t tell why. He has Coyote sitting on one shoulder and the ghost of long taken frontiers on his other. There is blood on his hands and grit under his nails, highways and railroads twining around him. His heart is sand and tar, his blood whiskey and water. He hums, sometimes, and she hears eagles cry.When he sings, throaty and half-drunk, the Trail of Tears echoes in his vowels, grief sharpening itself on consonants. Gold glints under his skin and skyscrapers grow from his head. He catches her eye and somewhere, deep below their feet, the world shudders, just a little.+“Natasha Romanov,” she tells him, the first time they are alone, because there is no reason to lie to him. She is a SHIELD agent now, but before that, always, she is Natalia Alianovna Romanova, Russia made flesh.He flashes her a grin, quicksilver and free, asks, “’89?”She nods and lets him see, the old and the new coming together in her, hair like an outdated flag, eyes like hope, dead princesses and old fairy tales in her smile. She is older than him, and at the same time, younger. “Been around since the fifties,” he tells her around a sip of Jack. She nods because she knows. Nuclear deterrents and the Arms Race tell their own tale from every wrinkle on his face. He shakes his head. “The old one took over after ’29. Never really got a grip on it. And then.”He spreads his hands, fingers apart. And then there was him. She nods, toasts him with her vodka. Later, in bed, she rolls on top of him and oilfields tremble. He holds her close and tectonic plates shift. In their own beds, politicians twist and turn.She throws her head back, laughs. Long live America.+Ivan Vanko dies to the sound of an old, old lullaby in his ear, one that no-one has sung to him since his mother died.At Tony’s inquiring look, she shrugs. Russia knows, better than most, that sometimes things just break, especially hearts.+He takes her to an empty field, one night, between Vanko and the end of the world. He takes her to an empty field and makes her stand at the very center, burnt grass tickling the soles of her feet, heat-memory from the day sticking to her skin.“Close your eyes,” he murmurs in her ear, putting his hands over her face. When he pulls them away, the ghosts of ten thousand settlers and half a million natives stand around them, holding silent vigil over their country and the dirt that knew their blood, long ago. America, too, is made of broken things. Dreams, not hearts. But the tragedies are always the same.+“I met India once,” Dr. Banner says in an undertone during the plane ride back to America. “You have?” Natasha asks, smiling secretly to herself.“Old woman. She looked a thousand years old and she s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Violence
Metaphors
Allegories
All the Weird Things
People Being Countries
Yes you read that right
Spoilers
I Don't Even Have an Excuse
Dark
ish

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

