Chapter 1: Going Down
    




Chapter Text
“Hold the elevator!”Darcy Lewis could barely see above the plastic food storage containers balanced precariously in her arms, but managed to catch the “Sorry, not sorry” smirk on the man’s douche nozzle’s face seconds before the elevator doors closed.“Great.” She shifted her precious cargo so to elbow the button for the next elevator. Her phone chimed, signaling what was most likely another “Where are you?” text from her boss and friend Jane Foster. Okay, so she was nearly an hour late for work, but how was she supposed to know that her smoke detector would choose today of all mornings to go off, forcing her to climb on top of her kitchen counter to try and shut it up only to find out she was too short to reach the stupid red button? She had to search her apartment for something she could use to jab it, yelling at her neighbor pounding her door that she was well aware of the noise, so sorry her brush with death disturbed his beauty sleep and thank you so much for your concern.(It turns out the metal baseball bat she kept by her bed made an excellent arm.)Darcy’s misadventure in the kitchen meant she missed the subway and while she loved her job as a self-described Science!-wrangler, it didn’t pay enough to justify taking a cab from Brooklyn to Lower Manhattan, hence dashing through the Avengers Tower lobby at the time she was usually pushing a second cup of coffee and food of some kind in Jane’s hands.“I know, I know,” she muttered as her phone chimed again. Tucking her chin on top of her cargo, she swung her oversized messenger bag around her body to try and dig it out from the mess of papers and folders stuffed inside -- Why couldn't Jane use technology like a normal person? -- rolling her eyes at the quiet ding that signaled the arrival of the elevator. Shuffling carefully into the car, she hitched her arm up to elbow the button for the floor she needed, but missed, the momentum making everything in her arms jerk to the side.“Need a hand?” An amused voice asked.“What was your first clue?” Darcy's huff of frustration dissolved to a sigh of relief as a hand shot out to straighten the containers. Trusting her unseen hero to not let her down, Darcy held her thumb against the button for the sub-basement laboratories, the infrared reading her thumbprint before the car started its quick descent, arriving just as Darcy opened her mouth to thank her mysterious helper.“Finally!” Clint Barton pulled Darcy out of the elevator without acknowledging the person standing behind her. “A man could starve waiting for you!”“Dude! That’s the thanks I get for responding to your asinine request for cinnamon apple muffins in the middle of the night?” Darcy shoved the boxes of baked good in Clint’s arms, jerking the messenger bag higher on her shoulder as she marched down the hall to Jane’s lab, her maroon Chuck Taylors making no sound on the ceramic tile, Clint at her heels.“Eleven o’clock isn’t the middle of the night," he argued.“It is when you have to run to the grocery store for Granny Smith apples.”Clint snagged the sleeve of Darcy’s gray wool coat. “You went out in the cold for me? Aw, I knew you loved me.”The man on the elevator watched the scene silently, blue eyes narrowing slightly when Clint kissed her noisily on the cheek. The doors slid shut before he could see her laughing as she pushed him away.“Does Barton have a girlfriend?” James “Bucky” Barnes asked before he even closed the door to the apartment he shared with his best friend and soulmate, Steve Rogers. Steve looked up from the eggs he was scrambling; his attention shifting from breakfast to focus on the image Bucky in gray sweatpants and a navy blue hoodie, his dark hair damp with sweat. “Hey, punk,” Bucky snapped his fingers. “Eyes up here.”Smirking, Steve turned off the stove and moved the skillet to the back burner before grabbing a fistful of Bucky’s hoodie and pulling him in for a kiss, still not believing he was there, that they were there. Together. “Mmm … missed you,” he murmured, his left hand tangling in Bucky’s hair. Bucky leaned his forehead against Steve’s, breathing in his lover’s scent. Part of him was impatient to tell Steve what happened and the other part, the part still coming to terms with who he was now, told him to keep quiet, let it go. They were happy. Finally, they were happy. Why change it?“What’s wrong?” Steve pulled away, his forehead creased in concern. “You’re tense.”“Barton’s girlfriend," he repeated gruffly. "What do you know about her?”Steve turned back to the stove and divided the eggs between two plates while Bucky refilled Steve’s coffee cup and grabbed a mug for himself. A plate of bacon and a bowl of grapes, blueberries and strawberries were already on the table, along with several pieces of toast on a yellow ceramic plate. The serum that flowed through the men’s bodies demanded that they eat lots and eat often, but the sheer sight of the food crowding their small table could s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Threesome - F/M/M
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Clint Is a Good Bro
Jane Foster Loves Science
Bruce Needs a Hug
Thor Is Not Stupid
Protective Thor
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Tony Being Tony
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Drama
Eventual Happy Ending
Eventual Smut
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
We are family

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

