Chapter 1



Notes:
Sorry but I'm writing a bit of a dark and angsty fic.  There will be nothing explicit but it might be a bit much for some so please read the tags.




Chapter Text
The call came in the middle of the night, waking Steve and Bucky from a deep sleep.  That should have been the first hint that something was wrong.  People didn’t call at two in the morning with happy news.  That phone call had been the beginning of a parade of mourning, one that started with two funerals and lawyers talking about wills and death. “Wait, can you repeat that?”  Bucky asked quickly.  Steve reached over and grabbed his hand, gently stroking his thumb over the trembling fingers. The lawyer looked between them slowly and smiled sadly.  “In the event of Mr. and Mrs. Stark’s deaths, custody of their son passes on to you, Mr. Rogers.”  She said.  Her voice was calm and steady. Silence fell over them.  Steve squeezed his hand tighter, providing an anchor for Bucky’s spiraling thoughts.  He wasn’t prepared for Howard and Maria to die, at least not like this.  An accident, a collision of vehicles killed them while they were still in young with half a lifetime in front of them.  Bucky didn’t know how to feel, he wasn’t as close to them as Steve was.  He knew Howard over talks of military spending and prosthetic blueprints, Steve knew him for years longer and Bucky couldn’t even begin to imagine how he must be feeling. “I’ll just give you two a moment.”  The lawyer said, she gave both of them a gentle smile before leaving the room. “I don’t get it.”  Bucky said slowly, watching her leave.  “He’s giving you his kid, Stevie.  How the fuck are you supposed to take care of this kid?” Steve looked away, his eyes drifting over the room in search for nothing at all.  “I don’t know.  We’ll figure it out.”  He said.  He looked back at Bucky, his face pleading.  “We’re financially stable, we have a good house in a nice neighborhood.  Tony needs us.” Bucky sighed.  He didn’t know the first thing about taking care of a kid.  His experience with kids revolved around screaming siblings in cramped apartments and wary children in bombed out villages.  Tony Stark was a sixteen year old celebrity, in the papers every other week to either celebrate his genius or shame him for whatever barely legal shenanigans he had gotten himself into.  Bucky didn’t want to be anywhere near Howard’s train wreck of a kid, let alone right after he lost his parents.  He was either going to lash out at them or hide away and ignore them. One look at the determination the settled in Steve’s eyes and Bucky knew he couldn’t argue enough to change his mind.  Steve was going to take the kid. “Look, baby.  I know you and Howard were friends, I know you and Maria got along like a house on fire, but that doesn’t make you responsible for taking care of his son.”  Bucky said.  “He’s the son of a billionaire, we can’t move him to two bedroom townhouse in Brooklyn and expect him to adjust well.” Steve shrugged.  “Howard asked me to and after everything he’s done for the two of us I can’t imagine turning the boy away.  He’s a good kid, I’ve met him a few times.”  He said as he took Bucky’s face in his hands.  He blinked quickly, his voice was getting shaky, and Bucky knew that the moment Steve started crying he would fall to pieces and take in any kid he wanted.  “The Starks are good people, we can’t just abandon their son when he needs us.” He wrapped his arms around Steve, pulling him close and pressing his face into the warmth of his neck.  He could feel Steve’s rapid pulse, the tension of his muscles.  He wanted to see him relax, have him smile at him like he always did when everything was happy and going exactly how they wanted it to.  Those moments didn’t happen as often anymore. “Fine, we’ll take in the kid.  But he better behave himself.”  Bucky whispered.  He could feel the stress physically drain from Steve’s body and calm washed over them both.  “I’m not gonna sit by and let him walk all over us.  He’s our kid now, going to be living in our house, and he’s going to follow our rules.” “Thank you.”  Steve said as he pulled back just far enough to pepper Bucky’s face with gentle kisses.  “Thank you.  I love you so much, Buck.” “I know you do, Punk.”  Bucky said.  He pulled Steve closer and melted into their embrace.  “I love you too.”  ---  Bucky hated the kid the moment he stepped foot in their house with one of Howard’s business partners, a large duffle bag slung over one shoulder and a cigarette dangling between his lips.  He was shorter than Bucky ha expected, skinnier.  All of the interviews and photos of the kid that sometimes popped up while he was watching tv or reading a magazine always portrayed him as larger.  It took him surprise how small and young he looked, after years of hearing about the kid’s extraordinary accomplishments and how he was the most brilliant mind of his generation, but at the moment he looked like a tired sixteen year old who hadn’t had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Child Abuse
Implied Sexual Content
Suicide Attempt
Hurt Tony
Orphans
Guardian-Ward Relationship
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Self-Harm
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Has Issues
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Bucky Barnes
Kid Fic
Kid Tony
Tony Angst
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Loss of Parent(s)
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Underage Drinking
Underage Smoking
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Past Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Past Drug Use
Non-Consensual Bondage
Graphic descriptions of abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

