Work Text:
I.Steve genuinely likes his job, and he’s fucking awesome at it. He takes pride in his work, and while he isn’t necessarily saving lives (he works in art crimes, after all), he’s still helping people. Plus, he likes the look of surprise on peoples’ faces when he tells them that he works for the FBI. He doesn't bother to tell them that he’s an analyst, not an agent. Most people don’t get the difference, and he likes to let people imagine him chasing down perps like in a movie.Plus, his job comes with the benefit of working around a lot of ridiculously attractive people.His latest obsession is Agent Barnes, drug crimes' newest recruit. He’s tall and handsome, with thick dark hair that Steve wants to tangle his fingers in and pull. He’s incredibly smart, too, and is already making a name for himself; Steve has no problem admitting he has a competency kink. That they’ve been flirting for two weeks now is another thing Steve likes about him. Bucky is openly into Steve and doesn’t try to hide it; Steve has spent a long time realizing that people who only like him underneath the covers and are embarrassed to be seen with him in public aren’t worth his time.Their first date is perfect. Bucky picks one of Steve’s favorite restaurants (I didn’t ask Romanoff for help. Swear to god. I just really like their samosas.) and makes him laugh the entire night. They bond over growing up a few blocks apart in Brooklyn and volunteering at the same food bank. Buck takes him out for ice cream after and shares his scoop when Steve drops his. It’s objectively pretty great.But later, when Bucky comes after Steve slides inside him and slaps him on the ass, Steve knows this is going to be fun. II.The contract is signed and rolled up on the coffee table. Steve would have never proceeded without a contract and discussion of limits, but it had felt a little silly printing it on fancy paper and actually signing it in his big looping cursive. It turns out Bucky is a romantic, and that trait manifests itself in interesting ways.Their current situation, though. Steve can live with that.Bucky is kneeling in front of Steve, completely naked. Steve took the opportunity to dress up a little, wearing a nice button down and dress pants. In his hands he holds a simple, black collar, O – ring shining at the front and lock waiting to be shut at the back. He twists it around, the leather buttery under his fingers. “Am I supposed to say something?”Bucky rolls his eyes. “Am I supposed to say something? You’re lucky your good looks have you gotten you this far in life, because you don’t have the sense God gave you.” Steve blushes; Bucky’s constant, earnest compliments still leave him pleasantly off balance.“Um,” Steve tries again. “Bucky Barnes, will you wear my collar?” He grins a little as he says it, knowing he sounds ridiculous.Bucky laughs. “Wow, Romeo, you nailed that. How about I do it?” Bucky shifts onto his hands and knees, levity gone. He crawls towards Steve, dark eyes peaking up from under his lashes. He bites his red, red lips and crawls into Steve’s lap, head held right above Steve’s cock. “Sir,” he says, voice raspy, “may I wear your collar? I promise I’ll serve your every need. I’m here for your pleasure; use me—” he lowered his head until his breath was gusting over Steve’s hard cock “—however you want.”“Mmm, such a good boy,” Steve says, feeling calm wash over him as he sinks into the role of being Bucky’s dom. “You’re going to look so good with my collar wrapped around your throat. Get back down on your knees.” Bucky acquiesces, and Steve puts down the collar and picks up a black silk blindfold, holding it out for Bucky to see. “Do you trust me, pet?”Bucky’s eyes are dark with lust. “Of course, sir.”Steve slides the blindfold over his eyes; Bucky lets out a deep breath as his vision disappears. Steve runs his hand through Bucky’s hair and picks up the collar. It fits beautifully at the base of Bucky’s throat, like it belongs. Steve feels a rush as he clicks the lock. He’s the only one with a key; Bucky is entirely dependent on Steve to get out of it.“Now stroke yourself, slowly.”Bucky grips the base of his cock and pulls his hand up slowly. He whimpers and rocks his hips once, but doesn’t speak, so Steve runs a hand through Bucky’s hair before pulling away completely. “Good boy,” he tells Bucky again. Bucky lets out a low whine at the praise and returns his hand to the bottom of his cock.Steve heads back to the couch and opens his sketch pad, Bucky still whining. He whimpers and says “please, Steve, I need—”“No talking,” Steve cuts Bucky off. “I need to concentrate. You’ll come when I’m ready.”He takes his time, making sure the shading is perfect. Bucky on page, while nowhere as good as the real version in front of him, is still amazing—his desperation radiates in the pencil lines. By now, Bucky is whimpering on every stroke, cock an angry red and soaked from his pre come. Satisfied with the drawing for now, Steve puts it asi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli - Relationship

freeform: 
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Chastity Device
Bondage
Cock Rings
Anal Beads
Butt Plugs
Impact Play
Exhibitionism
Semi-Public Sex
Cock Warming
Kinky Dorks in Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli - Relationship

