Work Text:
It's a candy bar, the first time.Clint has heard every pun about birds that has ever existed. Feathers come first; more than once he has been implored to shake and/or accused of shaking a tail feather. Beaks are another favorite, wings as well, but nests are pretty far up the list. Those are the ones that Clint hates the most.It's not a nest. He's not a bird. He's a human. He just likes to be alone.He has a room and doesn't sleep there, can't sleep there. It's too big; he'd sleep in the closet, but the closet's way too small, practically just an indentation in the wall. On top of that, everybody knows exactly where it is. People could come and find him too easily; there's no telling what could happen then. It's better just to make his own space, somewhere small and close where he can keep to himself.This time he's got a pretty nice space, right at the top of one of the stairwells in R&D. The door to the roof is always locked, so nobody uses the top flight; if he stays on the landing, back where the light doesn't reach, he's golden.So the candy bar- it's a Milky Way, they're his favorite- is sitting right next to the stairs. It's not with his stuff, a measured distance away, not quite "Oops I dropped this chocolate, who could it be for" far, but not "Here's a candy bar, sorry for touching all your shit" close, either.He reaches out very carefully with one of his arrows, catching it with the back of the head and dragging it close. He doesn't trip anything when he does it, no wires or pressure switches- good thing, too, because that would be a pretty damn embarrassing death, death by chocolate.He looks it over carefully; the packaging is correct, completely intact. There's a folded up piece of paper attached; Clint doesn't understand what all the numbers he's seeing mean, but someone's circled "TOXIN SCAN: NEGATIVE" at the bottom, and that he gets.He thinks about what an incredible amount of effort this would be, if this were, in fact, a poisoning attempt. First the would-be poisoner would have to find out what kind of candy he liked, inject the poison or cover the wrapper or bar itself with it, all while making sure the packaging was still perfectly intact, enough to pass Clint's vision. Then they'd have to fabricate a tox scan, right underneath the lab's noses, put the whole thing together, and- the really hard part- find him. Then they'd have to plant it and apparently hope for the best, because there's no backup trap here.If somebody has the dedication to do all of that, SHIELD is not paying them enough.He tears into the Milky Way and takes a bite; it's good, not melty or anything, though it is a little warm, maybe because it's just been handled, maybe just because the stairwell itself is warm. He eats all of it, licking the chocolate from his fingers, and curls up against the wall for a nap before going off to spar with Natasha. When he's done, he moves his cache; it's a shame to lose such a nice spot, but that's how it is- if somebody knows, then the place is compromised for good.He doesn't do as well at hiding the next time, apparently, because he's only in the ceiling of the third floor records room for two days before the next little thing comes. He gets a whole sandwich this time, bottle of Sprite next to it; he doesn't know who it is who knows, but he hasn't eaten yet today, back and forth between one thing and another. He does know who's been on him about not eating, but he can't quite line up the two, them and the kind of person who'd do something like this.This keeps happening; he keeps moving and he keeps being followed, by someone who's starting to scare him a little, like this might maybe be a threat. He doesn't know what it means; he doesn't know if he's being reprimanded, flushed out, or maybe just reminded that he's being watched. He figures they want him to stop, if they're going to this much trouble to find him over and over, something only a few people here could even do. He's trying to figure out what to do about that; he's avoided psych ever since he came, not hard when Fury distrusts them on instinct, but he'll definitely get sent if he refuses or attempts to explain. He can't even imagine psych's reaction if he tells them he can hardly sleep anywhere but his cache, but he expects they'll give him a nice big one with conveniently padded walls.Except that then he finds a pillow propped up next to his stuff, still carefully removed. He's not sure what to even think about that, but as far as he's concerned, that's a green light right there; whether they understand or not is their business, but if they're going to keep letting him be himself, then everything can be fine.About the sixth move is when his anonymous benefactor stops pretending to be anonymous. There's a cup of coffee, unspilled despite the fact that getting up to this spot takes a little bit of acrobatics, and next to it is a mission report with two little post-it flags on it, spots where Clint didn't sign.When he s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Implied Past Trauma
Clint Has Issues
Bittersweet
Oh Woobie
Bless Your Heart and Soul

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

