Work Text:
IMPORTANT: To better understand the idea behind a 'poisonous child' please read the prompt.  As the OP called for cultural relativism, I decided not to explain the  concept in this fic. Because I believe that if something is culturally  accepted, it doesn't need aditional explanation as all know and  understand it already.
The only thing I added from myself was that Aesir-Jotunn hybrids are always severely poisonous.
On with the fic.




Poisoned with Child



Loki  stumbled slightly as they came to a stop in front of the throne. Thor  looked at him in worry, keeping a steadying hold on his elbow. His  brother had seemed weak in the knees since they had arrived, possibly  even since the battle on Midgard. Perhaps it was just nerves. Father  must  be terribly angry.

Nothing showed, though; the Allfather's face was as impassive as it always was when settling matters at court.

His father rapped Gungnir twice against the floor and a hush fell across the Hall.

Odin's  voice was firm and cold as he innumerated all the evil Loki had spread  over Midgard. During the retelling of his crimes, Loki remained pale. He  swayed slightly every few minutes, but Thor made sure he didn't fall.

Perhaps Thor should've taken Loki to Eir first.

Odin rapped Gungnir once again, his lone eye turning to his sons.

“Loki. What say you about the crimes you have committed?”

Thor  hurried to remove the gag, but even with his mouth free, Loki said  nothing. He just stood there, blinking blearily at the Allfather.

Odin frowned, then repeated. “Loki. What say you?”

Loki  blinked slowly, then his bound hands moved to press against his  abdomen. Thor's eyes widened when he noticed the pale hands were shaking  ever so slightly.

“I do not feel good, Father.” Loki mumbled and this time Thor wasn't fast enough to keep his brother from falling.

*~*

Odin gave a heavy sigh and rubbed a weary hand across his face. “You are certain of this?”

“Yes, my Lord.”

“And there can be absolutely no doubt? For anyone?”

“I  do not believe so. Both his mind and blood hold signs of the child's  poison. The child itself was big enough for at least half of the  gestation period. The conception dates well before Prince Thor's failed  coronation ceremony.”

“Good. Request a mind healer from Vanaheim, have them help you.”

“Yes, my Lord.” She turned to do just that, but the King grabbed her arm, preventing it.

She turned back to him, waiting patiently.

Odin was silent for a long moment, and when he did speak, it was with the voice of a parent, not a King.

“Eir, how is my son?”

The  Healer's voice in turn was soft, reassuring. “His mind is confused and  his body battered. It did not help any that I had to cut the babe out of  him.”

A blink. “You what?”

“The babe's hold was strong, even in death. Loki's body wasn't able to expel the corpse, thus I was forced to help.”

“He is healing though?”

“His body is. But I believe that when he wakes, he will grieve for both the evils he had committed and for the child he lost.”

“...request two mind-healers then.”

“Yes, my King.”

*~*

“What do you want, Odin Spear-Bearer?”

“Helblindi King. I must speak to you regarding the action of my son, Loki.”

“Loki King-Slayer, you mean? Loki the Betrayer?”

“Yes.”

“Say what you will, All-Liar. Nothing will change my kind's hatred and contempt for that treacherous snake.”

“Loki  has been returned to Asgard. There, it was discovered that Loki had  been with child during both the destruction of Jotunheim and Midgard.”

“...was the child poisonous?”

“My Head Healer assures me both body and mind of Loki still tell of its poison.”

“Then tell me, Odin King, how you plan to punish the rotten seed once it's born?”

“The child perished during the last battle on Midgard. Even I cannot punish the dead.”

“How  do we know you speak the truth?” A new voice called from behind them,  and Odin glanced over his shoulder. A young Jotunn stood there, his skin  markings depicting him a member of the Royal Family. “Prince Byleistr, I  presume?”

“Do not waste your breath on niceties, Spear-Bearer.”  the Prince snarled. “What proof do we have you're not just trying to  save your son's miserable existence?”

“Indeed, All-Liar.”  Helblindi smirked from his throne. “All know that Aesir unborns are  seldom poisonous, and even if it takes root, their hold on the mother is  weak at best and easily dealt with by potions. The child may have had a  hold on Loki King-Slayer, but what makes you think we will believe your  son deserves our lenience?”

Odin closed his eye tiredly. There  was no other way then. “After the Great Battle on Jotunheim, I ventured  into a temple and found a baby. A Jotunn baby, yet when I lifted him in  my arms, his skin turned Aesir pink. I took pity on the child, and I  returned to Asgard with him. I raised him as my own son and named him  Loki.”

All was silent. Byleistr was staring at him in mute  outrage. Helblindi was looking to the side, a snarl on his fac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Miscarriage
Mind Control
Hurt/Comfort
Family

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

