Chapter 1: Megaera
    




Chapter Text
“You have lied, manipulated, murdered and shown no remorse, Loki. Though it pains me to see you thus, I must punish you severely to show you where you have not done right by your position as prince of Asgard.” Odin's expression was shadowed, as if by hidden grief, but Loki did not acknowledge the weariness in his foster father's eyes.
Instead he lifted his chin defiantly. The Midgardian gag was still in place, as were the shackles on his hands; Thor had wasted no time in bringing Loki to the All-Father's hall. There were few in attendance at this time of night. Apparently, Odin did not want the shaming of Loki made public to all, but Loki cared little for what the All-Father thought.
He cared little for what anyone thought. He had lost. He would take the punishment.
The gag did not hide the disdain in Loki's green eyes as he stared stonily at the person he used to think of as his father, the person he used to desire approval and love and acknowledgment from. Having been exiled once, Loki knew more now about the nature of relationships.
They were weak bonds, some declared through blood and some declared through fealty, but weak nonetheless. There was no man or god that could not be bought for a price.
Loki himself had been bought for a price.
He could sense Thor standing just behind Loki, where Loki could not view his expression. He wondered what the golden son of Asgard would say should he be the one on the throne, giving judgment.
“I, Odin All-Father, ruler of Asgard and all who dwell here, king of the æsir, have given thought to you and your mischief. I will therefore sentence you, Loki Odin's son (and here Loki scoffed, his sneer evident to the king), liar, trickster and murderer of many, to this: you will speak no word that you do not mean from the heart, and should you attempt to utter falsehood, your lips will be sewn shut for a score of hours. No food will pass your lips, nor drink, until the hours are passed, and you have reflected and repented of the act.”
As he took the implications of the punishment in, Loki braced himself for the stir of magic. Odin's magic was harsh, fierce and golden-hot-dry-endless; Loki's own magic was cold-sinuous-silky-deep, and warred at the feel of another's magic enveloping himself. Blood thundered in his veins and he couldn't hold back the snarl of pain as Odin's punishment settled into his bones and heart.
Odin suddenly looked small and frail. “Thor, remove his restraints and gag. Lead him to his room.”
“My room?” Loki was surprised. “It is still around?”
The surprise was obviously real. Thor regarded Loki almost fondly, almost like the way he used to back before the whole mess happened. “I would not have allowed them to change it, brother.”
Loki smiled thinly. “We are not brothers, Thor.” A fact; they were not brothers. They had never been brothers, whatever Odin had said. A fact, and therefore not a lie, and why did Loki feel a faint sense of disappointment?
“We are as good as,” responded Thor, and led Loki down familiar corridors.
 
XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx
 
Loki felt a stirring of warmth as he stepped back into his original quarters. The room was as he had left it, his books in their proper positions, his lamps lit, his clothes hanging in the alcove. Despite himself, Loki was touched. They had kept his place for him.
“Why?” he asked.
“I believed you would return home, brother. I have only ever wanted you to come home again,” said Thor.
Thor was so naive, Loki thought. He smirked and regarded his supposed brother. “And again be in your shadow, Thor? To follow you as the Warriors Three? To be scorned and mocked for using my brain instead of mere muscle?”
He now knew how to get around Odin's spell; he just had to question, to inquire, to prod and poke without ever making a statement, or to state the bare facts. He could do this.
Thor growled. “You know that I have never wanted that. I just want you by my side-”
“Like a slave?”
“Not a slave, but as my brother!” shouted Thor, finally goaded past his patience. He grabbed Loki's wrists, still sore from the shackles, and shoved him against the wall. “Why can't you see what I’m trying to tell you?”
Loki merely smiled. “Because I am not your brother, Thor. And I never will be.”
“We grew up together, played together, fought together-”
“-and fought each other,” said Loki, quietly, still with the infuriating smile on his thin, pointed face.
Thor gazed at the slender man, whose smile had not reached his emerald eyes since... Thor could not recall when the last time he saw Loki truly smile. Perhaps at the ceremony, more than a year and a lifetime ago, when Thor was to receive kingship, and Loki was congratulating him.
Maybe not even then.
“Loki,” he said, voice so soft he could hardly believe it was himself saying it, “Loki, did you really mean to kill me, back on Midgard? When you dropped me from the flying craft?”
The dark-haired male looked at Thor. And then he pushed Thor away and strode to t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Pseudo-Incest
Male Slash
Torture
Implied Torture
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Loki Has Trust Issues
Thor Is Protective
Implied Sexual Content
Thanos is a Stalker

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

