Work Text:
The doorbell doesn’t chime when he walks into the bodega, though the doors still open with a pneumatic hiss.  It winds up and misfires with an muffled click, soft enough most wouldn’t notice over the hum of the fridges. Mae looks up from her till anyway and wedges her phone into her back pocket.“Hey, my friend!” she says. “How’s it going?”“Can’t complain. It’s Friday,” Bucky says, same as always, but Mae’s glossy smile still widens like it’s news. She’s a squat middle-aged woman scarcely up to his chest, shaped like a barrel and favoring a scarred knee, but everyone is ‘my friend’ and she never frowns, even on a weekend shift. He’s never seen her without a big tropical flower tucked behind her ear. He wonders sometimes if she grows them herself, or buys a new one special every single day.Bucky ducks his head to the register camera and leans just-so behind the jerky display.“What can I do for you?”“Need a prepay.”  “You got it.” Mae takes off her lanyard in search of a little cylindrical key. She keeps the phone cards locked behind the counter, along with the razors and the condoms and the cold meds and half of the rest of the store. “How much?”He peels off a couple twenties from the roll in his hoodie pocket and plunks them on the counter.“Pay day?”“You know it.”Mae grunts and shoves her short arm in the case up to her shoulder, scrabbling for her target. His left hand makes an embarrassing sympathetic click beneath his work gloves. Mae glances toward the door instead.“Any big plans for the weekend?” she asks, swapping his cash for a tiny little plastic card.“Got a guest coming in from out of town,” Bucky says. He scratches off the grey bar on the back with the edge of a metal finger. Even through his work gloves, it’s nearly enough to scrape off the code along with the privacy strip.“That’s nice,” Mae tells him. “You gonna take ‘em to the Stark Park?”Meaning: somewhere nice. Meaning: somewhere not here. An agent would not blow their cover asking something obvious.Bucky takes a medium-length, very controlled breath.“He grew up here,” he says. “He’s seen all the tourist shit.”Mae smiles at his use of language. She grew up on Lanai, she told him once. She's everybody's friend, but no friend of tourists.“Well you can take him somewhere good, then. He like roti?  There’s a Trini place round the Union Allied building.”“I don’t know if we’ve ever had raw tea,” he says. “Thanks. We’ll put it on the list.”“Any time.” Mae digs out her phone as soon as he does, either giving lie to “my friend” or reinforcing it. He’s still not sure when it’s rude to text in front of people.Bucky bites the tip of his right glove and tugs it off so he can unlock his phone. He holds the camera up to scan the recharge code and the tiny cross-out logo gives way to four bars. A flurry of text messages scroll across the top of the screen, all from the same, likely burner number.
 <Sorry, got caught up at the hotel. Give me 15> 

<omw>

<Hey, I’m downstairs.>

<You get my message?>

<Nm, Josie let me in>

<At your place now>

<Where are you??>
He swipes away the out-of-date messages and peels into the candy aisle before responding.
 [At the corner store sorry my phone died.] 

[You want a Fanta?  Payday]
There’s a button he can press to choose from a row of faces, all different expressions and colors and occasionally, cats. He picks the one that has big shining eyes and a playful tongue sticking out, followed by two sacks with dollar signs and an awkward blob that’s supposed to be a stack of bills. The pictures aren’t exactly high art, but it’s nice to have something besides his own drivel. Sometimes he wishes he could pick real expressions this easy.Steve doesn’t send back the tiny drink cup or the stack of winged bills flying out of a wallet. His phone sits silent for nearly a minute and then, one line blinks.
<can I send you a picture>
A shiver lances down the backs of both legs and he curls his phone against his chest. Breathe in. Breathe out. A glance at the counter confirms Mae is glued at her own screen, flicking her fingers in the patterns of a match-three. Bucky bites the inside of his cheek and slinks off to the cold beverage section, right next to the exhaust of the aging ice cream bin. When his heart rate rises it feels like the whole world can hear his arm calibrate, and he can’t fight the instinct for cover.
 [You’re gonna owe me if you started w/o me] 

 <I know> 

<please>

 [okay] 
The picture comes through as an attachment and a size warning, like he could give a good goddamn about the data use right now. Bucky taps through okaying it before the thumbnail even loads, and then Steve is -- oh Christ.They never take pictures of their faces but Steve’s body is unmistakable, sprawled out on a familiar mattress, heels braced up against the wall. Everything about the pose suggests struggle, movement. The v of his abs swoops down into a low slung pair of sweats and his shirt has ridden up halfway to his nipples; the hand 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
D/s scene
Explicit Sexual Content
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Sex Toys
Dirty Talk
Edging
not to be confused with edgeplay
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Prostate Milking
Post CA:TWS
aou compliant but not required
Stone Top
Top Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

