Work Text:
   “Oh, no,” Peter says, words slipping out on a rough exhale.He swallows around his mouthful of pancake. The food has turned bland and rubbery in his mouth. It no longer tastes like syrup and choc chips, but something equally familiar, something that taste a little like grief, a lot like panic.“Hm?” Aunt May looks up from where she’s cutting her own pancakes. She sees his face, slack and ashen, and sits up straight.“Peter?” she prompts. “Honey?”Stare fixed on the small TV in their kitchen, Peter simply shakes his head. Aunt May looks over, sees the Breaking News, and gasps.The TV is on mute, but the script along the bottom of the screen reads: Super killed in battle — revealed to be 15 years old.“My god,” Aunt May murmurs, hands clapped over her mouth.The footage cuts to a vaguely familiar streak of black and gold being caught around the middle and thrown to the ground. A much larger figure pounces on top of the Super. The villain’s huge clawed hand curls around the Super’s torso, reaching up and snatching an identifiable helmet off their head—Peter stands suddenly, chair scraping loudly against the tiles. “Nova!”The villain has Nova pinned, looming over him. He holds a huge, jagged sword aloft, before arching his back, bringing it down and plunging the blade—Aunt May cries out and flinches away, eyes squeezing shut. Peter can’t breath; he’s heard of Nova, knows Supers who are close with him. Peter had met him once, very briefly, caught the end of the other’s bad quip before he’d flown away.Peter reaches over and turns the volume up.“Like many Supers,” the newswoman says, “Nova had maintained a secret identity throughout his career. His name and age were unknown until last night. His death has sparked a controversial, national debate on the ethnics of Supers and secret identities. Have other children taken up dangerous heroism under the guise of a mask? And if so, what is being done to protect our children?”Peter feels strangely hot, scrutinised somehow, like he’s under a magnifying glass, a thousand eyes trained on him.They replay the footage again, though sharply cut it short, ending before Nova’s abrupt death. Peter thinks, frantically, that could’ve been me. Might just be, one day.“15 years old,” Aunt May says sadly. “What a tragedy… He’s only a year younger than you, Peter.”“Yeah,” Peter says, numbly.The news woman places a finger to her ear, listening to something. She straightens, and says, “I’ve just received word that the death of the Super Nova and the subsequent national call for action, has resulted in Congress accelerating the Bill concerning the identification of underage Supers that has been in debate for some time now.”“What?” Peter chokes.“Oh, good,” Aunt May says, and Peter stares at her, betrayed. “I think almost everyone in this city wants to protect our heroes. I’m glad the government is on our side on this.”“Yeah,” Peter says, because he feels like he has to.Aunt May goes back to her breakfast, and Peter stares down at his pancakes. He inhales deep, grounding breaths, and tries to convince himself that this isn’t the beginning of the end. 
 Peter sees the first sign of it on his way to class—he’s not late, for once, walking leisurely with his skateboard tucked under one arm, and so has time to look around, let his stare wander.A small, family run connivence store that Peter frequents sometimes, has posted a sign in its store window. It’s not too large, clearly homemade. In orange WordArt it reads, Friendly Supers welcome! Supers in need shop for free. Water, food, first aid—we got your back!There’s a little sketch of Captain Marvel striking a winning pose in the corner. Peter stares at it, dumbstruck.“Huh,” he says. That’s new.He passes three electronics stores on his way to school. Large flat-screens are displayed in all of the shiny storefronts. Most of them are playing the news coverage of Nova. Every time Peter sees it, he feels suddenly bereft of air.All day, his classmates are talking about Nova’s death. Most says it’s so sad and such a tragedy. Some scoff and ask, what’s the big deal? Who cares?, and Peter has to wrestle down the urge to punch someone.To his classmates, Nova is a distanced figure, a Super on the other side of the city that slipped up in battle and payed for it. To Peter, he’s something else. Someone like him. Someone he could’ve called friend.Nova’s age is mentioned in conversation often—the topic is even openly discussed in Peter’s Lit class. When his teacher looks his way, prompts him to join the discussion on the merits of secret identities, Peter shakes his head.He swallows, and offers up his shyest look. “I—I don’t really have the authority to comment on something like that,” he says. He hears Flash snort several rows behind him, agreeing.The teacher purses her lips, but looks away and draws on someone else. Peter is relieved, though his stomach is still tangled in knots, and it is hard to breath around the lump in his throat. 
  It’s on the news
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/New York

freeform: 
New York City
Secret Identity
Identity Issues
alludes to superhuman registration act
(mentions of) mutant registration act
Hurt Peter
Hurt/Comfort
discussions of consent
underage superheroes
Police
protective new york
Overprotective
emphasis on the 'over' part
News Media
TV News
POV Outsider
the superhero community
death mentioned in summary takes place before the fic and is brief and non-detailed
Peter-centric
condescending adults

fandom: 
Spider-Man/New York

