Chapter 1: Clash of the Titans
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


(Behold this incredible art by Noirefilthythoughts!! Fucking stunning!!)  “You did what?”It’s not like Tony had expected a hug and a kiss when Loki had stormed into his office like a snow blizzard, but that furious green leer had him cowering a bit just the same.“We were being bombarded with messages asking why you were not on the poll…” he explained.“How is that my fucking problem?!” snarled Loki.“Loki, sweetheart…”“Don’t you fucking sweetheart me, Tony! You were completely out of line! I’m sorry, but you have to pull me out of it!”“But darling, it’s too late, the poll’s already closed…”“See how fucking bothered I am!” roared Loki. “I never fucking consented to this!”“Weeeell…” said Tony, who may have had a copy of the contract made ready for such an eventuality, appropriately highlighted for ease of perusal. “You may have, a little,” he said, his tone meek. Submission worked better with Loki in this mood.Loki duly examined the document, and his signature at the bottom. When he lifted his eyes back to Tony, they were narrowed down to an angry, nay, a murderous squint.“You bastard,” he hissed. But he didn’t have a leg to stand on, and he knew it. “You could have fucking asked me. Or warned me, at the very fucking least.”Tony put on an angelic smile.“I could have, but you would have said no.”“Of fucking course I would have said no!” roared Loki, slamming the stack of paper on the table. “I’m not a fucking piece of meat for you to auction! And what happens to my right to veto my work partners?Ah, that.“Well, yes, technically that still applies, but…” Tony pushed the other document he had had prepared since the poll had ended.Loki had a glance. His expression changed to a lovely blend of astonishment and scepticism.“What fucking currency is that? Yen?”“American dollars, sweetheart,” said Tony. “And if you reach above a certain number of hits, this is the percentage you’ll get.” He pointed at the figure, just in case Loki had missed it.…And now Tony was able to say that he had seen Loki Laufeyson’s impressed face. It was an exclusive club indeed.“You expect to make millions out of this, don’t you?” said Loki. For his usual ice-cool, unflappable self, he sounded almost shocked.“The response has been huge,” explained Tony. “It has blown all our expectations out of the water. And you two have coped over 85 percent of the votes. It will be massive, the biggest event in the industry in ages. You don’t want to be left out of this, trust me.”Loki seemed to be giving the figures in the contract some serious thought, his quick brain surely handling plenty more variables besides money.“You know,” mused Tony, “we have dozens of people every day offering us little fortunes for even ten minutes simply in his presence. You’re getting a king’s ransom for what others would sell their grandma’s jewels for.”The scowl was back on Loki’s face.“But I’ll be having to put up with a lot more than just his presence, won’t I?” he spat.The prospect put a dreamy smile on Tony’s face. “Oh yes…” He loved his job, ok?Loki huffed, nostrils still flaring with unspent fury. Then a calculating glint in his eye.“I want the same percentage on the rest of my movies,” he said. “Starting today.”Ah, clever Loki. There would surely be a surge of hits on his past films after the Christmas Pairing was announced. Tony pretended he was giving it some thought. Pepper was going to kill him, but…“Alright.”Loki huffed, resignation starting to win over the annoyance. “Fine, ok,” he relented, his tone and his expression suggesting he believed that Tony was going to owe him a lot more than just money for this. “But if you ever so much as dream of pulling anything like that on me again, I’m going to cut your balls and Pepper can make herself a keychain.”Tony raised his hands, appeasing.“I swear.”“Don’t bother,” grumbled Loki, making his way out of the office, long, dramatic strides. “I can do that myself.” * If they managed to take this ship to port, reconciling the two sides of this argument should give Tony and Pepper enough diplomatic credit to handle peace talks in Israel. They were trying to agree on a choreography, but they might as well be trying to parcel up post-war Berlin. Five minutes in, and they had already hit a wall (a shallow, Stark, be optimistic. ’Tis but a shallow.) That being, Thor and Loki were both tops.Elaborate: Thor’s cock was famous, one of his, uh, greatest assets, along with his legendary stamina, his dashing looks, and his truly epic libido (it was a well-loved story in the business that time when Thor had shot three scenes in a day, and then took one of his co-stars home on a date; though not one of the co-stars who had bottomed for him. Those would have had as much of Thor’s cock as they could take any given Friday. Hung as a horse, randy as a goat, the looks of a god — the man was a gift from the heavens unto
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Porn
Attempt at Humor
Hate Sex
Love/Hate
bottom!Thor
Bottom!Loki
Top!Loki
Top!Thor
Smutty roughhousing
Power Play
I see it as a smutty take on a Katharine Hepburn/Spencer Tracy movie
only with anal sex
and stuff
loki swears a lot
Surprise! It's angst!
fluffy hardcore smut
i love this tag
a reader suggested it

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

