Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He was in the middle of a sticky engineering problem when the call came through on a secure line. Not the Avengers line, but the SHIELD one. Which meant he was more than half-tempted to just ignore it and deal with them later. But, things were still tense there so he figured he’d better at least be polite.“Tony Stark,” he answered absently, his mind still more than half-focused on the designs spread out on the monitors before him. He had blocked the video feed automatically, not wanting to lose his place on the stubborn circuit diagram that was giving the brake system the power-feedback problem he was trying to smooth out.“Lose something and forget to call us again, Stark?” Maria Hill demanded, her tone distinctly annoyed. He blinked once and frowned into the air over his monitors, concentration broken.“What are you talking about, Hill?”“One of your precious suits. Someone steal one and you forget to let us know?”He straightened up sharply, saving his work and banishing it from the screen to pull up the attached video feed. Her familiar annoyed frown greeted him.“Not to my knowledge,” he said, frowning too as he ran a quick security check on every version of the suit he still had stored in his workshops and armories. Threw in War Machine and Rescue too, just to be sure. They all responded green: untouched and secure. “Nope, all accounted for. Why?”Maria’s expression went from annoyed to grim in an instant. “Because I have reports of one hovering over the middle of the reservoir in Central Park right now, and it’s not responding to requests for contact.”The Iron Man suit was already shifting into place around him as he rose to his feet. “I’m on my way. Don’t let anyone get close to it.”“Affirmative. Coordinates sent. See you shortly,” Maria replied, but he’d already tuned her out as he dashed for the exit, barely acknowledging the startled looks his people shot after him. But he was suited up, so they didn’t shoot any awkward questions after him. They were getting more used to his sprinting out on Avenger’s business, even if the Avengers weren’t actually up and running again. It helped that Pepper was out for the afternoon, scaring up more investors. Her pointed questions would have been much harder to dodge.His mind ran through the possibilities for what this random suit could be. Not one of his. Not that he knew – he was pretty sure he’d accounted for his entire armory after that whole on-the-lam mess, but maybe he could have missed one. Somewhere--- no. No. It had to be a deception. Some villain at work pretending to be Iron Man. He mentally ran through the most likely candidates, dismissing most of them outright. Someone new? Whatever or whoever it was, he certainly didn’t need anyone trashing what little was left of his good name in a knock-off suit. Stark Resilient was still too fragile for that. His status with Steve… with the Avengers still far too tentative. Tony fought down a surge of panic as he took to the sky, heading for New York.Whatever it was, it wasn’t good.~*~Even though the silently hovering suit was 100 meters above the middle of the reservoir, SHIELD had evacuated the Park around the reservoir all the way to the bounding streets and the transverse roads, effectively cutting the park in half and pissing off a lot of tourists, as well as annoying the exercise nuts forced off the surrounding jogging trails. It was going to be a PR nightmare for SHIELD if it went on too much longer, Tony knew. Not that he had to deal with those issues any longer – thankfully. Black helicopters and agents in equally black suits milled around the secured perimeter, keeping both the disgruntled and the gawkers away.It wasn’t far enough for safety – if this really was a trap –, but it would have to do, Tony noted unhappily. Clearing Manhattan itself might not be far enough, actually.He hovered in mid-air in his own suit and stared at the strange red-and-gold suit floating opposite him. It looked like one of his suits, all right, but not one he remembered building. Not that exact one anyway. It was definitely a pre-Extremis type, with the thicker, far less form-fitting armor plating that rendered the suit more robot-like than man-like. There were sometimes odd spots of blankness in his memory – the restore of his brain and memories had been complex, hurried and not apparently 100% accurate. Aside from that whole deliberately missing year, older memories, he’d been dismayed to find, had been affected sometimes too. It was possible he could have built this suit and just forgotten it. He looked closer, hoping to jog his memory, while his own suit’s sensors scanned the anomaly carefully.It looked very much like one of his… but… okay, maybe it wasn’t. It was close, but not exactly like his designs of that time. For one, the whole torso and chest-plate were slightly less detailed than he had been prone to making his at that time, and certain features were slightly off about the joints. The a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sexual Identity
Guilt
Sexuality
Alternate Universe - Canon
Gender Issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

