Work Text:
Steve knew what he was getting himself into when he offered to do anything to make up with Bucky. He knew what it meant when Bucky got that look in his eye. Bucky had even told him what he wanted, asking if it was too much. Steve had agreed.He'd thought it would be embarrassing. He expected Bucky to tease him. Steve figured that by the end of it he'd feel like he'd been punished for walking out of yet another double date, and maybe Bucky would have enough fun punishing him to leave off from dragging him along for a while.Steve hadn't expected anything like the way Bucky actually looked at him when Steve stood before him in nothing but a silk nightie--a chemise, Bucky had informed him loftily, when he pulled it out of the tissue paper it was wrapped in. Bucky's eyes were bright with fascination and desire, and Steve felt a second's hope that Bucky might get this over with quickly. Maybe he'd just fuck Steve while Steve wore a pink silk nightie and that would be that. Except then Bucky reached into the paper bag and brought out a tube of lipstick. "You wanna do it, or let me?"Steve's heart started beating fast. He was willing to take his lumps, but somehow this made it different than just putting on a nightie. Putting on makeup for Bucky, or telling Bucky to put it on him, that was over the line somewhere. He had nothing to be scared of, he knew that. Hell, it wasn't even like he'd never seen a fairy done up in way more than what Bucky was offering him. But Steve just stood there, staring at Bucky's outstretched hand, until Bucky said, "I'll do it then."He stepped up, putting his hand to Steve's cheek, and Steve snapped out of his daze. He grabbed the little silver tube. "I got it, Buck. Don't need you smearing this over half my face.""I wouldn't," Bucky said, sounding more amused than wounded. Steve kept his eyes on the lipstick and didn't meet Bucky's eyes. "I can paint a straight line, I swear.""Not on my face you can't," Steve muttered, yanking the lipstick open and preparing to bitch at Bucky for getting him some ridiculous bright red that would make him look like a clown.It was pink. A sweet, candy pink that just about matched the--Steve looked down at it, trying not to feel the brush of silk against his chest and thighs--chemise."I asked the lady at the store what to get for a girl with your coloring." Bucky chucked Steve gently under the chin. "You like it?"Steve bit his lip and looked up at Bucky. This wasn't teasing. Teasing he could have handled, but Bucky wanted him to like this, and the idea of that made Steve's hands shake and his stomach tie up in knots. "It's pretty," Steve whispered, because he knew it was what Bucky wanted him to say. He'd promised to make it up to Bucky, however Bucky wanted.It was even true.Bucky's smile widened at that. "You getting shy on me, honey?"Steve squeezed his eyes shut at the endearment. He held the lipstick out toward Bucky, mutely asking him to take it back."Open your mouth," Bucky said softly as he took it, steadying Steve's chin with one hand. It was an effort to unclench his jaw, to keep his lips soft and relaxed under the stroke of the lipstick, more intimate than a kiss. "Beautiful," Bucky murmured, and Steve opened his eyes without thinking.Bucky still wasn't mocking him. "Come on," Bucky said. His smile was warm as he brushed a thumb along Steve's cheekbone. Steve could feel the heat of his own blush, and he was sure Bucky could feel it too. His face must be apple-red. "You got enough eyelashes already, sweetheart. Let's go sit together and have a nice time, huh?"Steve froze, his heart hammering. There wasn't anyone else in the apartment, but he hadn't contemplated taking this outside their bedroom. That was crossing another line, even further than the lipstick. "Bucky, I--""Shh," Bucky murmured, curling his arm around Steve's waist. He didn't crush them together, just tucked Steve against his side. They'd stood like this a million times, but it felt different like this. Steve was wearing just a slip of pink silk, his arms and legs bare against Bucky's clothes. Bucky seemed bigger like this, rougher and stronger and taller. Hell, he still had his shoes on, while Steve stood in bare feet. "I'll take care of you, angel," Bucky murmured, brushing his lips against Steve's forehead, nuzzling at his hair. "You're gonna have a real good time, I promise you. And nobody's gonna see you like this but me. I'd never let anyone else catch a peek of my beautiful girl wearing just her chemise. Now come on."Steve obeyed. He was trembling all over now, not just his hands. Bucky guided him out the bedroom door and straight over to their sofa. He didn't relax his grip at all as he turned to sit, gathering Steve right down with him. Steve tried to pull away. He needed to catch his breath. He needed to just not be pressed up against Bucky like this, but Bucky tugged him closer with a gently implacable grip. "Come on now." Bucky sat back and let his thighs splay ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Feminization
Crossdressing
Embarrassed Steve
Dom Bucky Barnes
Endearments
Nipple Licking
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Praise Kink
Sub Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

