Work Text:
Once everyone else has filed off to bed or their labs or to commune with thunder clouds, Phil says, “Barton,” with a familiar edge to his voice that makes Clint stop in his tracks, turn around.“Sir?” Clint asks and watches Phil watch him.  They’re ten paces apart, the glow from Tony’s 3D HD Double-D TV the only thing lighting the room.  Clint had been heading to bed; he doesn’t think he is anymore.“Do you have any plans for the rest of the night?” Phil asks and that’s different, the asking.  It has been a long time though since Phil looked at Clint in that way and spoke in just that tone of voice though. There were no Avengers the last time they did this and Clint had never been handed blood-stained cards by a grim-faced Captain America and told that Phil was dead.“No, sir.  No plans.” Clint folds his hands together behind his back, his best approximation of parade rest.  He was never a soldier but Phil was and it’s always been easy to read what he likes.  At least, it’s been easy for Clint, who was amazed the first time he realised that most other people think Phil’s some kind of closed off robot.Phil nods slowly, eyes still locked on Clint.  Clint tips his head back and meets him stare for stare.“My room, Agent,” he tells Clint firmly, “ten minutes.”“Sir,” Clint agrees and watches as Phil turns around and leaves the living room without a backward glance. Clint breathes out hard as soon as he’s alone, curling his fingers around the back of the couch until his knuckles go white.  He’s not relieved, he’s not.  Relieved implies that this matters and Clint doesn’t like when things matter.

***
Phil’s room at Stark Tower isn’t really his.  Or, more accurately, they all treat it like it’s his, but now that he’s back on active duty, Phil doesn’t actually stay there much of the time.  Clint suspects it has to do with that one time when Phil had to have a conversation with Captain America while uncaffeinated and wearing sweatpants, but he’s never actually asked.Phil’s using his room tonight though.  He’s sitting on the bed when Clint knocks but he’s standing by the time Clint closes the door and flips the lock.Clint lowers his head even though that isn’t usually what Phil wants and asks the floor, “Where do you want me, sir?”“Head up, shoulders straight, Barton,” Phil says immediately and Clint tamps down on a grin while he obeys, pleased that that hasn’t changed.  Phil rolls his eyes.  “Don’t do that again.”“Sorry, sir,” Clint says and maybe doesn’t manage to stop a little bit of his smile sneaking through into his eyes.“Take your clothes off,” Phil orders and Clint’s stomach rolls over in a fun, squirmy way.“All of them?” he asks, already dropping his hands to his belt.Phil just looks at him.  It’s his did I fucking stutter? look, which Clint secretly finds crazily hot.Or, okay, maybe not so secretly.He strips down quickly and efficiently because Phil didn’t tell him to make a show of it then puts himself back at ease.Phil looks down at the clothes dropped into a haphazard pile behind Clint and raises his eyebrows.  “Fold your clothes, Agent.”“Oh, come on,” Clint starts then stops himself.  “Yes, sir.”  He squats down to sort out the clothes, not sure if he’s annoyed or turned on but his dick’s twitching so it clearly doesn’t mind.“Better,” Phil tells him when Clint’s laundry is sitting in a carefully folded pile on Phil’s desk chair and Clint is back in front of Phil, buckass nude and all the way hard.Phil glances down at his dick and then away, tiny hint of a self-satisfied smirk touching the corners of his mouth.  Asshole.“You look good,” Phil says, “have you been working out?”Clint almost laughs but it’s not a pickup line; it’s a question.  “Yes, sir.  Every day.” Because you put me on a team with a god and a super solider and I don’t like running behind like someone’s kid brother, he doesn’t say but he thinks Phil knows that anyway.“Good boy,” Phil says, because, yeah, asshole. Clint’s dick twitches again and he closes his eyes for a second.“Let me see,” Phil says and Clint doesn’t get what he means for a second before he sees Phil lift his hand, palm out.Clint’s stepping up to him before he even thinks about it, forcing his eyes to stay open while Phil traces the shape of his chest, down over his stomach, stopping just above Clint’s cock.“Very good,” Phil says.  There’s a just a hint of arousal in his voice but Clint doesn’t point that out; he likes that tell.  “Tell me what you’d like.”Surprised, Clint hesitates.  This isn’t how this usually goes.  He’s not going to tell Phil what he really wants which is Phil naked, on the bed and letting Clint lick every inch of him – that’s definitely not how this goes – so he struggles to think of something else.It isn’t hard.“Can I blow you?” he asks.  “Sir?”Phil’s fingers curl minutely against Clint’s stomach muscles, blunt fingernails scraping his skin.  “Going to do it exactly how I say?  And stop if I tell you to?”He’s never asked that before.  Clint tak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Post Fix-It
Kink Meme
Post-Movie(s)

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

