Work Text:
Tony was a sex driven slut.
And Steve knew this when they begun their relationship. No matter how many times they had sex, Tony never had enough. It was so bad, that Loki had started making jokes about Thor handing over his title as god of fertility.
Steve would have almost doubted his own abilities, if it hadn't been for the fact that he always left Tony completely wrecked. Only hours later he would be whining again. Like a fucking bitch in heat. And so, one calm evening, Steve had enough. Tony wanted to be fucked? Then fucked he would be. And that's how project 'Tony, you little slut' began.
Steve had discussed parts of the plan with Tony under the pretends of fantasies that would never be true anyway. Without realising it, Tony had discussed his limits and his likes. And that brings us to this peaceful Friday. Tony just came home from HQ, something went wrong with the development of a 3D touchscreen, and was now riding the elevator up to the penthouse while already loosening his tie. He loved the weekend, he and Steve could have sex as much as Steve allowed him.
Tony was already horny at just the thought of his perfect boyfriend and practically jumped out of the elevator as soon as the doors opened. The sight he was greeted with however, made him freeze. It seemed as if Steve had gathered the troops. Clint, Bruce, Loki, and Steve, were all seated in the room and in different stages of undress. From shirtless to completely naked. Tony almost whimpered because of the view.
Then suddenly out of nowhere, hands grabbed his arms and forced them behind his back. Thor. Damn. He tried to struggle a little, and moaned at the feeling of absolute control Thor had right now. Before really realising what was going on, his shirt was gone. And a split second later, so was his pants. He was being lead to the middle of the room, and already pushed to his knees, when he realised he was completely naked. Well at least his teammates were efficient.
He searched for Steve in his confusion and visibly relaxed when he found blue eyes nodding ever so slightly. For some reason, getting Steve's permission made this all the hotter. Maybe it was because he really cared about the Captain and would never want to betray him.
His hair was suddenly grabbed and his head forced back. "Stop. Thinking." Clint said calmly with a hint of dark lust under his voice  Tony whimpered softly and closed his eyes. The others were all looking at him, and it was Bruce who stepped forward first.
"I don't know how long I will be able to keep control." He said calmly but Tony could sense the small twinge of nerves.
"So suck him off fast Tony, your life could depend on it." Steve said from his right. Tony whimpered again and he couldn't handle it anymore, his hand shot to his dick and he moaned as he rubbed himself roughly. It was of short lasting though, because his hands were grabbed by Thor again. Forced behind his back once more, they were efficiently tied in place this time. Then Steve's lips were behind his ear. "I will only ask this once. If you shake your head, we will untie you and let you go. We won't ever talk about this again. If you nod... You will be ours for however long we want you. We will do whatever we want with you, and you won't be able to stop us." He whispered.
Before the last words even ended, Tony was already nodding. He was horny and this was exactly what he craved. If only they could get someone inside of him already!
"One more thing..." Steve mumbled seriously. "Tell me your safeword." He said sternly and bit Tony's ear softly. 
"H-Howard." Tony stuttered breathlessly. 
"Good boy, and when will you use it?" The captain kept his voice firm and steady.
"When I want you to stop." The engineer answered dutifully. "Also, when my mouth is otherwise occupied I open and close my hand three times. Now /please/ Steve..." He rambled and whined. "I need you."
Steve nodded briefly and pulled back again. Steve knew what Tony liked, and what he hated. And putting what he said aside, he did actually do this for Tony. And Tony /hated/ orgasm denial. He was too impatient. Too horny. So instead of refusing his release, this evening would be focussed on making him cum as many times as possible. The Captain emitted another small brief nod, and that was the sign to begin.
 
Clint was still holding Tony's head back, so Bruce could easily force himself down Tony's throat. The scientists groaned and threw his head back while clutching his hands into fists. The feeling of Tony gagging around his dick was overwhelmingly delicious. Bruce stayed deadly still as he focussed to keep control, while Clint used his hold on Tony's hair to fuck his throat around Bruce.
Tony was moaning like a ten dollar whore. He sucked greedily and closed his eyes as he relaxed his throat. And that's when it was Thor's turn. The god had covered his fingers in lube and kneeled behind Tony to work him open. Imagine his surpirse when he could easily slide his first finger in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Tony Is A Slut
Orgy
Light BDSM
Bondage
Consent
Just an excuse to write bad porn
Kinks
Sex Toys
Butt Plugs
Rope Bondage
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
The Author Regrets Everything
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

