Chapter 1: You Inherited a Fight You Were Born to Lose
    




Chapter Text
* Steve was a hero. “Where are we going?” Steve was unsure. “The future.” Steve was . . . disappearing.___ He first noticed it—really noticed it—back in the war. It was early 1944, and Steve had been Captain America for barely six months. Already he was an enormous inspiration to people in America, in Britain, and in France. They were stopped in a camp in Hungary, trying to help the Netherlands fend off German attacks. The camp they were in was small, with a mixture of British, American, and Dutch. Steve and Bucky had slipped away after the debriefing and the mingling amongst the men to discuss the next HYDRA base they were planning to raid, thirty miles beyond this base sequestered in a small town that was occupied by the Germans. They left the Commandos to entertain the soldiers while Steve found an empty tent and ducked inside. The tent was filled with crates and one small rickety table. Steve dug out a small folder from under his arm and spread it across the table, unfolding a map and glancing over the blue and red dots scattered about. Bucky was the one who first noticed; “Hey, Steve!” Steve turned around to see Bucky had taken the time to dig into one of the open crates. He had pulled out a magazine of some sort and was looking down at it with a bemused, horrified expression. His curiosity piqued, Steve walked over to him as he asked; “What?” “Wha’cher ugly mug doin’ on that comic?” Steve looked over Bucky’s shoulder, down at the lurid paper splashed with bright yellows and bold reds and dark blacks. He tugged Bucky over to the table, where the light was better. Bucky went willingly, still in a haze. Under the light of the lamp, Steve looked down, seeing the figures on the page in better detail. It was him. It was him in an outfit that looked a little more showy and flimsy than the one he wore during his stint with the USO. It was him broader than he actually now was. It was him with a jaw so square it looked like a box had been tacked around his face. It was him punching . . . Hitler in the face. “What?” he asked again, forcing his eyes away from the poor rendition of himself to the words splattered across the page; “CAPTAIN AMERICA” the headline read. Below it, near his shield where a fired bullet was deflected and whizzed off out of sight, read; “SMASHING THRU CAPTAIN AMERICA CAME FACE TO FACE WITH HITLER”. The final thing Steve saw was a brown haired, masked child saluting in the corner. “ALSO,” read the caption, “CAPTAIN AMERICA’s YOUNG ALLY, BUCKY!” “Why are you a kid?” Steve asked numbly. “I don’t know!” Bucky threw the comic down onto the table like it was coated in acid. Steve hesitantly picked it up and flipped to a random page. There was his terrible caricature, punching a . . . He squinted. A Japanazi? Steve looked up at Bucky, who looked rather like he had swallowed the crap Dum Dum called alcohol. “This has gotta be a joke,” Steve said, dropping the comic and stepping away. The gust of air created by its momentum caused a few pages to turn, but Steve was now afraid to look. “Gabe did art in college. Maybe he did this.” “Gabe ain’t that cruel,” Bucky said. “He’s not . . . he’s not . . .” Just then someone poked their head into the tent. “C-Captain America?” “Yes?” Steve asked politely. He flipped the file closed and shuffled it under the comic, giving the man his best you can trust me, I’m Captain America look. It was still bizarre, being called ‘Captain America’. The young man, though he was probably Steve’s age or younger, stepped into the tent. He was a furious beet red and shuffled his feet, avoiding Steve’s eyes. Bucky fell still, watching. Neither of them was used to the fact that Steve could take care of himself in a fight. (Though this man didn’t look like he was going to go for a fight. If anything he looked like he was going to faint.) “M-My name is Private Whitehall, sir, and I-I saw you leave the guys and Bobby dared me ta come over here and, well, I-I wanted to ask, sir, what it was like . . .” words apparently failed him, and he looked away. “What was what like?” Steve asked gently. Private Whitehall ducked his head, looking even more uncomfortable. “P-punching Hitler in the face, sir.” “Oh,” Steve said vaguely, trying to think about what he should say to that. Truth’s probably the best, Steve reasoned. “I haven’t,” he said slowly, gently. “That was just in the comics. And the . . . the war bond sales.” Private Whitehall’s face fell. “But you’re Captain America. Everyone says you've punched Hitler!" Bucky cleared his throat. “You heard him, pal,” he said when Private Whitehall glanced over at him. “That’s propaganda, gottit? In real life, Cap's done no such thing." “Who’re you supposed ta be?” Private Whitehall muttered, glaring balefully at Bucky and seemingly forgetting Steve’s presence for a moment. “Name’s Bucky,” Bucky said tersely. Private Whitehall looked at Bucky to the comic lying on the tab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Avengers Family
Team Bonding
5+1 Things
Social Media
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The First Avenger
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
The Avengers (2012) Compliant
Canon Compliant
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Character Study
Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Historical Inaccuracy
Historical References
Attempted Historical Accuracy
Reunions
Friendship
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Captain America - Freeform
Captain America was turned into an asshole
History
1930s
21st Century
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Bucky Barnes and the 21st Century
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers-centric

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

