Chapter 1: 4. Bondage, Sif/Natasha
    


Summary:

Mob!AU, Natasha as a mob boss' wife, and Sif as the woman owed money by Nat's husband.



Notes:
Inspired by the prompt offered up by Anon, who wanted something based on Rhianna's music video for BBHMM. Slight Dub-Con warning, though it turns consensual before things get serious.




Chapter Text
Of all the things Nat had been through being the wife of a mob boss: threats, extortion, blackmail, etc., kidnapping had, surprisingly, never popped up before now. There was a blindfold pressed against her eyes, and the leather of the car back seat rubbed against her bare and rope-tied legs, the slit of her evening gown riding up considerably. It was a nice enough car, that much she could tell given how little noise it made and how few bumps of the road she felt. There weren’t any voices coming from up front, and that was what threw her off the most. Men she could deal with, men liked to talk and compliment one another on their jobs, liked to shoot the shit about what it was they had plans to do. Men she could work with.The women that had taken her hostage, well, that had thrown her for a loop at first. They’d gotten the jump on her, ambushing her in the elevator on her way down to a gala opening, Alexei promising he’d come later, and the chloroform-soaked napkin had pressed against her nose as soon as the doors shut. How they’d gotten her from there to here . . . she had an ache in the back of her neck and lower torso that told her it hadn’t been comfortable. She’d feel it tomorrow, the same with the rope burns around her knees and wrists.So that just left with the burning question: what in the hell had her shit-for-brains husband done this time?The car started to slow down, and Natasha’s fingers curled around the edges of the rope around her wrists. The binding was tight, but she’d ensured that there was one side of her diamond on her wedding band that was sharp enough, if she could just figure out the angle--.The car stopped, sounding like it was pulling off onto gravel, and there was a quiet murmur between two people that were in the front seats before they both got out. Panic paralyzed Nat’s bones, and half a second later it was over. They wouldn’t leave her there. They wouldn’t hurt her. They needed her, at least for a little while. She doubted Alexei had even noticed she was gone, which meant that they’d have time to get his attention. Time for her to make an escape.Warm, strong hands lifted her up from the seat as soon as the door nearest her head was opened, and she went limp as they tugged her out. Someone hoisted her over their shoulder, a woman, based on the scent of her deoderant. Something floral, but not overpowering. As far as smells went it could’ve been worse. She wobbled as she was carried from the outside in, hearing the voice of another woman in the distance. This one sounded like the driver, hissing quietly to someone that didn’t seem to be responding. Phone call?“You owe me ten grand.” Her voice was soft, dangerous even though Natasha couldn’t see her. At least she knew what she was dealing with. That would have to be the woman in charge of everything. Before she could figure out anything else she was carried through a door that led to, what she guessed, was a hotel. It smelled like a hotel. They must’ve checked in earlier, and Nat was likely brought in through a side door. There was the click of a key card being accepted, and Nat’s foot nudged against the doorframe as she was carried inside before eventually being tossed onto a bed. She winced, biting on her tongue to keep from crying out in surprise, her hands hanging off the soft comforter. There was the sound of the door opening, then shutting.“She’s all yours, boss.” That had to be the woman who’d brought her in, a grin in her voice. Nat felt her skin pebble with goosebumps, her every nerve on fire as she tried to angle her wrists, to maneuver her ring to try and start undoing the bindings--.“Thanks,” another female voice said. This one was smirking, though the low level of anger just beneath it all had Nat worried. “You’ll be just outside, then.”“To make sure you don’t get too loud, yeah. He didn’t have an answer you wanted?”There was a snort and the eye-roll was practically audible. “Do they ever?”The pair shared a quick laugh and then the door was shut once again. Now, now was the time that the panic began to set in, her heart pumping adrenaline faster than she could anticipate. The woman’s footsteps echoed like war drums in Nat’s ears as she stepped closer, and her mouth had gone ridiculously dry in the anticipation for what was coming next. An unfavorable answer on her abductor’s end didn’t ever bode well for the abductee.“I don’t know what you want,” Nat finally managed to say, her voice hoarse, when the woman grew so close she could hear the quiet breaths coming from above. A hand reached out to brush the curve of her shoulder, running along the exposed collarbone. Her breasts wer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Sif
Loki/Natasha Romanov/Thor
Loki/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sif
Pietro Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Natasha Romanov/Sif
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Thor
Natasha Romanov/T'Challa
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge
Alternate Universe - Mob
dub-con
Prompt Fill
Oral Sex
Bondage
Topping from the Bottom
Mouthy Natasha
Song-inspired
Language
Light BDSM
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Additional pairings to come
Strap-Ons
Orgy
Threesome - F/M/M
Threesome - F/F/M
Fivesome - F/F/M/M/M
Sex Pollen
Double Penetration
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Gags
Dominance
Submission
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Partners
Multiple Pairings
Handcuffs
Hand Jobs
Restraints
Slight Femdom
Established Relationship
Office Sex
Laughter During Sex
Past Relationship(s)
Feels
Locked In
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Ch. 6 background Loki/Sif
Slight Victorian AU Ch. 6
mildly crimson peak inspired
Magic-Users
Genderbending
Genderbent!Sif Ch. 6
Natasha Romanov Feels
Bisexual Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov-centric
Out of character clothing
Come Eating
body fluids
Fuck Or Die
Dubious Consent
Mildly Dubious Consent
Woman on Top
Exhibitionism
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Undercover Missions
Some Plot
some violence
Size Kink
Dirty Talk
Hatesex
Masturbation
Sensation Play
Mild Painplay
Alternate Universe - Serial Killers
Belts

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Sif
Loki/Natasha Romanov/Thor
Loki/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sif
Pietro Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock/Natasha Romanov
Loki/Natasha Romanov/Sif
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Thor
Natasha Romanov/T'Challa
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

