Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony ran and felt the wind in his hair, and thought that this was what it meant to be free.He felt unfettered in a way that he never had as a younger man with a reputation to build and a blinding, roaring, ravenous need to prove himself against his father. Now the awards had been won and the media convinced, and the perks of the high-life no longer mattered. Strange bedfellows and raunchy encounters in nightclubs did not lure as exciting or mysterious as they once had, and champagne networking parties and business exchanges that took place in strip-clubs had become work obligations rather than fun.The change of feeling was Tony’s little secret, and he took pains to ensure no one noticed.He had recently stopped trying to make himself look younger and focused instead on looking hot for the rest of his life. He had more than once been voted World’s Most Eligible Bachelor, and People magazine’s Sexiest Man Alive. He didn’t need to impress the world, the world was already impressed. He had done his adventure-seeking: gone swimming with sharks, tested extreme sports and jumped headlong out of planes. These days he took most of his thrills with the Avengers.And now he also had Loki- Trickster, Prince of Asgard, God of Chaos - who provided him with challenges, mysteries and reasons to prove himself on almost an everyday basis.He had taken to jogging outdoors. He hadn’t been having any wild beach parties lately (what with the easily-angered, magically-powerful boyfriend and all), and much of the time he’d been getting outside was when he was in his Iron Man suit. The fresh air and sunlight felt necessary, as did the little spells of alone-time. As much as he found himself enjoying it, sharing a bedroom with someone had swung the balance of ‘Tony-time’ off-kilter. It wasn’t that Loki was clingy, it was just that sharing a house with six other people meant for very little time to oneself.Tony wasn’t crazy about exercise and needed to be shouted at and flogged into core-strength and weight-training, but running he actually liked. It was rhythmic and relaxing, and allowed him to switch off the constant whir of his brain.He’d chosen a smallish local park that wasn’t much more than a swing-set or two, a bike path and a baseball pitch, and so far, touch wood, nobody had recognized him. He could watch ordinary people with their picnics and toddlers and ballgames and pretend to be one of them. It was a charming slice of normality in his otherwise extremely abnormal life.Today he was making a conscious effort to clear his head. Loki had been sullen the night before and had refused to talk about whatever it was that was bothering him. He had seemed worried, and Tony found that to be a lot more upsetting than if he had just seemed angry. Tony knew that Loki kept secrets, and had made a decision early on to let it stay that way. But he hated not knowing when something seemed to be going on.“You can talk to me, you know,” Tony had told him as they lay in bed together, trying to lean over far enough for Loki to see him, though the trickster was rolled on his side to face the wall. “I might even be able to help.”“Perhaps,” Loki had noted quietly, but still had chosen not to.Tony’s otherworldly boyfriend had taken the world by storm by switching from super-villain to super-hero overnight and joining the Avengers, a little over six months ago. Everyone wanted to know more about the Asgardian Trickster God who used sorcery as his weapon and had that dark, sexy thing going on.Loki was a public enigma and would remain so for as long as he felt like it. He rarely spoke more than a word or two during interviews, and much of what he did say was vague or misleading. It just made the press focus on him all the more. Past-Tony would have been annoyed that someone else was siphoning off his limelight; instead he opened the papers and felt a giddy little tittering of pride.Keeping their relationship out of the media hadn’t been as difficult as one may have supposed. The fact that there was so much buzz and speculation revolving around Loki at the moment meant that sneaking around was mandatory if they didn’t want to be hounded and followed everywhere they went.So far they had been successful. They did go out together often enough, but Loki wasn’t one for public displays of affection unless the mood caught him, and Tony had been sneaking around behind the back of the press his entire life and was skilled at it. Their outings came across the same as when he went out for coffee with Steve or to the bars with Clint. There had only been one very close call.After an intense mission, in the heat of a good win, Tony had seen no one around but his teammates and had impulsively pulled Loki in for a kiss. They were promptly interrupted by the sound of photographs snapping behind them. A reporter started shrieking and pleaded to know whether or not they were dating. Feeling cornered and seeing very few options, Tony was just abou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humour
Action/Adventure
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
avenger!loki
Light Angst
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

