Chapter 1: Welcome to Jurassic World
    




Chapter Text
Costa Rica sucks.

All right, all right, Isla Nublar isn’t technically part of Costa Rica. The story is that some rich bastard bought this island back in the early ‘90s, made dinosaurs on it, got eaten by the dinosaurs, left the island to a corporation that technically owns the place now and is filling it up with 
more 
dinosaurs. (No word on how Costa Rica feels about a multinational conglomerate hiring Americans to build fifty-foot murder machines off its coastline, by the way, although if his suspicions turn out to be right, they probably don’t have a choice about it.)


The point is, it’s tropical, which means 
hot, 
which is a problem when you rely on long sleeves and gloves to fit in with the standard-model humans. God knows he’s handled worse in the name of a mission, but he figures he’s sweated out about two of those $7.50 bottles of airport water by the time he stands in front of the arch of dinosaur bones that marks the hotel’s main gate.

The whole idea of dinosaurs, incidentally, should sound really stupid. But Barnes is a little different than the average Jurassic World tourist. Not just because he should be extinct right now, too—would be as dead as the T. Rex skeleton they’ve rigged up in the airport, if things hadn’t gone seriously weird in the winter of 1943—but because when he was a kid, he believed in science the way other people believed in God. Becca volunteered at the church three times a week and Stevie (an honorary Barnes) had that insanely overdeveloped moral code that was the only big thing about him, but Bucky Barnes was the true believer in the family. He knew that someday cars would fly, cities would be built on the moon, and sickly little punks like Stevie would take a pill that would fix their squeaky lungs and wobbly hearts once and for all. He might not ever be one of them, didn’t have the grades or the brains for college even if he’d had the money, but he had to believe there were people who could make a better future. The way he saw it, he couldn’t afford not to. 
What he got instead was a future where scientists squashed your memories into the corners of your skull so they could program in new orders and built city-sized flying submarines that could kill ten million people in a blink, but hey, at least they paused to get rid of polio before they jumped right into cloning extinct ancient nightmare monsters from mosquito guts, so, hey, go science.
Barnes gets distracted easily these days. He’s been standing in one place for long enough, thinking about all of this, that in retrospect, it’s inevitable that some kid was going to crash into him. He’s had enough practice controlling his reactions now that the kid is in no immediate danger—the fingers of his twitchy left hand close into a fist in his pocket instead of reaching out to grab and throttle—but the pressure of the small body colliding with his, and the chirp of “Sorry, Mister!”, bring him back to the present.
 Pull it together, Barnes. You got a job to do.

As soon as he thinks it, his eyes do a quick scan and he spots two security cameras, one on the underside of a shop awning and one on a post over the tram stop. Obvious as hell, which is the point, but there might be a second layer of security that’s less obvious, and there’s no way to guess what kind of facial recognition software they’re running. It’s possible he’s already been marked, in which case he’ll find out soon enough, but he’s betting they don’t waste the computing cycles unless they have reason to get suspicious. So, he needs to not give them one. He shoulders his bag and makes with the wide-eyed sightseer act as he moves toward the hotel.
Tourist traps, they call places like these. Ex-HYDRA-asset traps, too, if he’s not damned careful. He focuses on making just enough eye contact with the desk agent to seem normal, saying the same rote crap the other tourists say about how he can’t wait to see that one dinosaur that eats the shark and his favorite dinosaur is the T. Rex, has been since he was a kid. (That’s a lie; he secretly prefers the stegosaurus. Armor plates on its back and killer spikes on its tail: come on, that’s pretty badass for an herbivore. But that’s a potentially memorable sentiment, so he keeps it to himself.)
The credit card, one of a dozen he swiped while D.C. was on fire and nobody was watching the HYDRA safe houses, goes through without a hitch; he’s been expecting it to die any second for months now, but apparently the CIA’s still too busy flushing out the bad guys to send a fraud report to Citibank. The desk clerk barely even glances at the driver’s license, which calls him David H. Mitchell of Canton, Ohio. When she hands him his room keys and tells him to have a nice stay before turning back to her cell phone, he allows himself a little spike of satisfaction. Phase 1, insertion, successful. Begin phase 2: gather intel.
The asset, the Soldier, had one protocol only: insert, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Owen Grady

freeform: 
Memory Loss
Velociraptors
Swearing
Swearing at Velociraptors
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
really really really dark humor
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra is mean to dogs
Past Brainwashing
Brain Damage
Don't Touch Lola
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Does Bucky Barnes Ever NOT Need a Hug?
Indominus Rex - Freeform
Canon-Typical Violence
Team Stegosaurus
implied medical torture
violence against steering wheels
saber-toothed cats deserve to be in the movies too
Don't Try This At Home
Motorcycles
Dinosaurs
Secret Underground Lairs
Punching Dinosaurs in the Face
Bromance
Volcanoes
Bucky Barnes Gets a Hug
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Owen Grady

