Work Text:
Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Harry Potter...
NOT the sequel; just a oneshot I decided to slip in between the two. My profile page shows the order in which the entire series will go in, though there're only three titles up so far.
And this series will be based on the Avengers in the 2012 movie only. So none of the other Avengers from the comics, etc will show up.
Summary: Oneshot in the Finding Home!verse. The problems grow as Harry receives a letter. It's been eight years after all.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Letter
"-so we could send the spell from the Empire State Building. That would make sure most of the streets in Manhattan are covered."
"How are we going to get up there though? Even Mr. Stark's been warned away from destroying that place. Again. "
"I can Apparate us up there. It's high, but I can still see the top so it shouldn't be a problem."
"Couldn't S.H.I.E.L.D. just give us clearance so we can go through the building like normal people?"
"I wouldn't bet on it. Fury's been in a bad mood ever since this whole thing started, and as someone who's been working for the guy for years, trust me when I say he's not going to be in a good mood until this is all over. "
"I wasn't aware Fury had good moods. I always thought he could only switch from bad to bad-tempered, and to tolerable on crisis-averted days."
"...Potter, you've been spending too much time with Stark."
"No, actually, that was just me. Fury's not my favorite person in the world at the moment."
"Is he ever? I suppose he tried to get you to reveal your informant again?"
"Pretty much. He-"
"Did you hear that?"
Standing around the table, Harry, Clint, and Steve all looked up to blink at Bruce who had tilted his head and was staring at the door with a puzzled expression.
"It sounds like Stark," Steve said after a moment as Harry waved a hand at the door to open it.
Tony's voice, though muffled, was still clear to everyone in the room as it echoed through the vents. "Help! Attack! Help!"
None of the Avengers or Harry had ever heard Tony take on such an odd panicked tone before and they all took off running, Harry Apparating ahead to the penthouse without them.
"Damn," Clint grumbled as they raced up a flight of stairs. Tony had shut down all the elevators at Harry's request. The wizard had been working on wiring the entire building with defensive and offensive magic, and while he was very adept at combining it with electricity, it still made the whole process easier if everything run by electronics was turned off while he worked. "I don't care if Apparating is uncomfortable. At least it's a lot faster."
-.-FH-.-
When they burst into the penthouse, weapons drawn, they were expecting a lot of things. A premature attack from Thanos. One of Tony's A.I.s finally losing control. Maybe even some idiot who decided breaking into Stark Tower would be a good idea.
What they weren't expecting was Tony hunched down behind his couch with a roll of newspaper in hand, odds and ends scattered on the ground, and a small grey owl screeching at the top of its lungs and whizzing around the room like an out-of-control firework, evidently annoyed at having things thrown at it.
"What. The. Hell." Clint deadpanned, lowering his bow after examining the bird and making sure it wasn't some gag gift from a past villain sent to explode on them. Instead, there was what seemed to be a folded piece of paper tied to its leg.
Steve had raised both his eyebrows at the sight of Tony, wondering if he had somehow fallen asleep while listening to Harry and Bruce volley ideas back and forth about the transmitter and was stuck in some bizarre dream.
"That's what I said," Natasha called from her place on the other side of the room. She seemed more amused about the whole situation than confused. "I'm not really sure what's going on here but apparently, the mighty Stark is afraid of owls."
"I am not afraid of them!" Tony snapped, ducking when the owl zoomed across the room again. "I just don't like them. What's an owl doing in Manhattan anyway? And I thought they were nocturnal; it's the middle of the day!"
Thor was watching the bird with great interest. "There are owls on Asgard, and they are nocturnal as well, but they are mostly larger than this one. Only owlets are of this size."
Bruce, after a cursory glance at the bird, had moved his gaze to Harry. The wizard was standing in the middle of the room, following the owl's path with the most peculiar expression on his face, half recognition and half something else, something that reminded Bruce of... dread.
But before he could call Harry out on it, the mechanic said sharply, "Tony, stop throwing things at him. He's not going to hurt you."
"He? How do you know it's a male?" Thor studied the bird closely. "It's very tiny."
"He's a Scops owl," Harry explained. "I guess you don't have those on Asgard. They're a very small species overall. Only the Elf owl is smaller
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
