Work Text:
This place sucks, Darcy thinks as she stares at the white ceiling of her room. Not her room in her crappy apartment back in New Mexico – quite the opposite – it’s a sterile, windowless room inside of S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters that Darcy has been stuck in for three days, six hours, and twenty minutes. Coulson and the underlings he sends in to make sure Darcy is fed and hasn’t died from boredom insist that it isn’t a cell, but Darcy can’t think of another word for a room where someone is kept for an extended period of time. She picks up the plastic spork that came with her dinner and considers Shawshanking her way out. She can only play so many games of Vortex on her iPod.
The door hisses open and Darcy looks up to see a redheaded woman standing in the doorway. Darcy doesn’t recognize her, but she doesn’t look like the other S.H.I.E.L.D. members who mostly dressed in black or navy and wore matching neutral facial expressions. She looks like she’s ready for a night on the town.
“Hi Darcy.  I’m Natasha,” the woman says in a slightly husky voice that sends a little shiver down Darcy’s spine.
“Hey…” Darcy replies and sits upright on the bed. “Are they taking me in for another debriefing, because I understood the first time about not talking about this to anyone.”
This Natasha smiles and shakes her head, the fiery red curls bouncing. “No, this isn’t official business. This place can get a bit claustrophobic, so I thought I’d take you out for some fresh air and maybe a few drinks.”
“Lady, you are my new favorite person.”
 
Twenty minutes and a bit of makeup later, Darcy finds herself at an impressive nightclub knocking back martinis with her new best friend. They definitely beat what Darcy is used to back home. Natasha is a lot funnier than Darcy expected from a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and doesn’t seem to have the company-issued stick up her ass like her coworkers do. She is also smoking hot and reminding Darcy just how long it’s been since she slept with a girl. That Clint guy back in New Mexico was pretty fantastic, but there is just something about a woman - and that something is exactly what Darcy is in the mood for tonight.
“So how did you end up with S.H.I.E.L.D.? You seem so normal,” Darcy says and knocks back the rest of her drink. The floaty feeling that follows tells her that will be her last one for a while.
Natasha laughs, shrugging her shoulders. “Long story,” she says over the loud music, “Too long to explain here.”
“Fair enough,” Darcy stands up, “Be back in a second, pretty lady.”
The full force of the vodka hits her when she stands, but Darcy is a pro and makes it to the ladies’ room without falling flat on her face. While she waits for the line to the stalls to move, she wonders if someone was nice enough to take Jane or Eric out. Though after Eric’s epic night of drinking with Thor, he has barely touched the stuff and seems to get a little green when alcohol is even mentioned. Finally, the line gets moving, and Darcy is happy to see they keep the bathrooms just as nice as the rest of the club. Though when she goes to wash her hands, she spots the Crying Girl at the other end of the sink. Every bar has one.
Darcy checks her makeup in the mirror and re-applies some of her cherry red lip gloss. Her thoughts drift back to Natasha and her pretty, full lips. She had been staring at them all night wondering just how soft they would feel against her own... or against other parts of her body. Dude, she is just being nice. She doesn’t want to sleep with you even if you are a total fox, says her inner voice of reason. This is the same voice of reason that had convinced her to sneak off to the back room of the bar with Clint back in New Mexico before the whole Thor thing – Darcy figures she can trust it not to steer her wrong. Thinking about that night makes her grin, and she strolls out of the bathroom with an extra spring in her step.
Some dudebro in a two-sizes-too-small Affliction shirt is standing at their table when Darcy returns after her short detour to the bar get some water. She doesn’t have to hear what the guy is saying to know he is laying it on as thick as his Axe body spray. Based on the look Natasha is giving him, he looks about two seconds from getting castrated if he keeps talking. When she catches sight of Darcy, the look does a complete 180 and Natasha smiles widely at her, making Darcy’s insides flutter. Darcy sets the two bottles of water on the table and nods at their guest.
“This is my friend, Darcy.  We’re having a girls’ night out,” Natasha tells him; the “leave us the fuck alone” is silent.
“Hey,” the guy grunts and immediately stares at Darcy’s chest.
Darcy is quite proud of her tits - loves them, in fact - but doesn’t appreciate when some idiot stares at them and refuses to acknowledge her existence. She folds her arms over her chest and cocks an eyebrow.
“Nice talking to you,” Natasha says and turns to say something to Darcy. The guy doesn’t seem to take that hint either an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Kissing
Drinking
Cunnilingus
Fingerfucking
69 (Sex Position)
Finger Sucking
Dirty Talk
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

