Work Text:
That was the thing about sucking cock, Tony Stark decided. It gives you time to think.
He’d lost track of time, exactly, but based on the ache in his kneecaps, he thought he’d been on the floor next to the bed for at least 15 minutes. Fifteen minutes of laving Loki’s cock with his tongue, nuzzling his balls, and nipping at the inside of his thighs with sharp teeth, just to give him some bracing contrast to the drowsing pleasure.
Now that Tony’s own savage arousal was dimming, his own hard-on … well, not soft, exactly, but … “at ease,” he found himself watching the other man, the god, on the bed above him.
Loki--Loki’s dangerous mind--was almost entirely absented from the scene below him. He was tilted on the very edge of the mattress, slick covers repeatedly threatening to slide him off entirely. His legs were braced on either side of the kneeling man beneath him, and he was arched backward, one arm locked behind at the elbow, shoulder tight, fingers gripping the duvet for purchase. Tony's arms looped around his thighs, Loki's knees pulled tight under Tony's arms. 
Tony's hold was unmoving, unrelenting. 
Loki's other hand was his only active connection to Tony besides the worshipful tongue and punishing teeth. Loki’s fingers, those of his right hand, caught in Tony’s hair, stroking and gripping with a strength already suggested at by his tightly bowed back. Tony took one lingering swipe over the hollow between Loki’s balls and opportunistically studied the god’s face. Loki was … well, he was truly absent, eyes unmoving behind the closed lids, face expressionless, mouth slightly slack, but, as Tony watched, a small, private smile appeared at the corner of his lips. The smile widened a bit after a moment, and, eyes remaining shut, Loki raised one eyebrow slightly.
Tony teased the hair on Loki’s sac with his nose. “So,” he began. “What am I in the scenario currently running through your twisted brain?”
Loki didn’t answer immediately, but the raised eyebrow joined its partner, knitting into a mild frown.
Tony licked his shaft lightly. “What do you dream of, when I’m at your feet, sucking your cock? What does that giant, immortal brain fantasize about?" A thoughtful pause. "I’m guessing … you, on a throne … me, a terrified subject in rags, come to pay tribute to his king?”
A noncommittal noise--perhaps slightly amused--emerged from above. Loki finally tilted his head down, opening his eyes. A lock of black hair pulled forward over his shoulder, curling around his neck. He watched Tony for a moment, swallowing roughly as Tony pulled one arm from around Loki’s leg and gripped the shaft of his cock. His lips circled the head, sucking it in gently, but he never took his eyes away from Loki’s.
Loki exhaled. “What makes you think I was thinking of you at all?”
The disdain in his voice was practiced, but still, to Tony’s ears, entirely false. He chuckled, then kissed the tip of Loki’s cock lightly, never loosening his grip. “Right now, I’m the only thing you’re thinking of.” His fist begin moving up and down. “So, tell me what I was. I can picture it, too, you know--you, on a throne, one leg thrown over the arm, some virginal boy or girl at your feet giving you pleasure. You, ages from coming because you’ve had this all day--one subject after another paying tribute to you with their mouths, their tongues--” The last few words were pushed out in a sharp breath, because, goddamn, the visual was surprisingly hot--
“Not--not a subject,” Loki finally said, voice just a little shaken.
“Mm,” was Tony’s answer as he shifted on his knees. He swallowed Loki’s cock once again, his now free hands sliding behind Loki’s back to grab his ass, to pull him forward even more perilously toward the bed’s edge. Loki pulled his hand from Tony’s head and grabbed the duvet more firmly. Pulling his lips off with a pop, Tony breathed hotly on Loki’s erection. “Servant, then? Slave? Is it my job to suck you, to bring you off?” He nuzzled the underside of the shaft with his nose, kissed the vein that emerged there. “Who’s watching us--who is watching you, getting your cock worshiped by another man? The entire kingdom? All those assholes  you hate? Are they all in the great hall, forced to watch me perform for you?” Another kiss. “Watching me lick and suck you while you remain above it all--untouchable by anyone else? Watching you finally come down my throat?”
“Stark!” The name was a belabored moan, Loki pushing back with his strong legs to keep his place on the bed, head dropping back again with his long black hair trailing behind him.
“Christ!” Tony said. “I’m getting myself off here, too.”
He reached a hand down and pressed his own erection, giving a burst of pleasure mixed with with not-enough relief. He stifled a moan in Loki’s left thigh, then bit it once more for good measure, adding to the constellation of marks from his earlier attentions.
“Maybe--,” he continued softly, “maybe I’m your whore, and you pay me to do whatever perve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Sexual Fantasy
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Plot What Plot
Teasing

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

