Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"What did you want to be?"
Tony asked it out of the blue one day, sitting in the workshop with a hand-riveter between his teeth. He was working on the shield, re-strapping it, and Steve was sitting across from him, watching carefully. He hated letting other people handle the shield, but the leather straps had finally given out, and he hadn't known who else to ask. He'd felt like a heel even calling Tony -- they didn't really talk unless they were in a battle or, in this case, if Steve needed something -- but Tony had put his number in his phone and specifically said, hey, if you need some new toys, give me a call.  
So he'd called, and Tony had said sure, come over, and he'd explained the problem and reluctantly given his shield to Tony and then they'd sat there in uncomfortable silence while Tony worked.
"Want to be?" Steve asked, realizing he'd let the silence stretch out.
"Sure," Tony said, taking the riveter out of his mouth and punching a hole in the leather. "You know. Before the blue pants and the giant A on your head. What did you want to be?"
Steve gave him a blank look. "A soldier."
Tony popped the punch out of the leather and sealed the edges of the hole with something brushed delicately on, which hardened and dried even as Steve watched.
"Yeah, but before the war, I mean. Didn't you want to be...something?"
"Before the war I was seventeen," Steve said, gently amused.
"You must have had some kind of career goals."
"Why, what did you want to be?"
Tony glanced up. "I wanted to build guns. Like my dad."
Touched a nerve. Oops.
"And computers, and robots," Tony added, a little more lightly, turning back to the leather. "Don't change the subject. What did you want to be when you left high school?"
Steve shifted uncomfortably. "Well, by the time the war started I already had."
Tony glanced up again. "Seventeen?"
"I sorta dropped out."
That got his attention; Tony set down the strap and stared at him. "Captain America is a high school dropout?"
"I had to support myself!" Steve protested. "It wasn't all that unusual back then. Anyway, school couldn't really teach me anything else. I could learn faster on my own, even working."
"Okay, juvie, so what did you do?"
"I sold shoes," Steve said, as dignified as he could.
"Captain America dropped out of high school and became a shoe salesman," Tony said, grinning. "Wow. That's totally going in your E! True Hollywood Story."
Steve shrugged. "Better than shining them."
"You were a shoe-shine?"
"There's nothing wrong with being a shoe-shine," Steve said, frowning. "It's not like I was the only one. I sold papers too. Ugh, that was awful. Up at four in the morning, freezing cold, yelling the headlines, which were usually pretty grim..." he shook his head.
"Wait, how old were you when you were a shoe-shine?" Tony asked, picking up the riveter and repeating the process on the other side of the strap.
"Fourteen."
"Fourteen?"
"Well, Ma got sick and..." Steve glanced away, because Tony was watching him under his brows, head still bent over the strap. "We had doctor's bills, and someone had to put food on the table. I dropped out and started selling papers and shining shoes. After...after she died, Bucky's parents took me in, got me going back to school. But I was one more mouth to feed and I had doctor's bills too, I wasn't a healthy kid. I wanted to do my part. When I wasn't sick, I'd get up at four and go sell papers with Bucky, then we'd go to school, after school he'd go home to watch his sisters and I shined shoes."
"Holy shit," Tony said, shaking his head.
"It kept us fed. When I was sixteen one of the guys at the shop left, and I got offered the sales job. It paid really well. I mean, for the time. So I left school and did that, and then the war came." Steve studied his hands. "I wanted to go fight for my country, that was the main reason I kept trying, but...well, the Army would have been three meals a day and steady work, too. It really took a load off Bucky's parents, him enlisting, especially when he started sending money home."
Tony popped one of the straps around the brace on the back of the shield, his hands dancing across metal his father had cast.
"Not all of us got the luxury of choice," Steve said, trying not to sound bitter. He loved what he did, loved being Captain America, but it hadn't been easy growing up, knowing how limited his options were.
Tony cut the other crumbling strap off the shield and picked up a new strip of leather, fitting it to the old one before he started work on it.
"But did you want anything more?" he asked, as he punched holes in the ends and sealed them.
"Not more, really," Steve said. "Different, maybe."
Tony looked up, raising his eyebrows.
"I thought maybe an architect. I was always good with a pencil," Steve continued. "After the war I could have gone to college on the GI Bill, if they'd let me out of the service." He huffed a sigh. It had been long enough -- there had been enough distance, now --
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Backstory
Killer Robots (Not Really)
incidental zombies
Fix-It
Threesome - F/M/M

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

