Work Text:
Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Harry Potter or Avengers...
Another oneshot; takes place after The Letter but before the sequel, Falling Skies.
Yes, these oneshots are relatively important to the series overall so read them as well or you might not understand a few points in Falling Skies.
Enjoy!
Summary: Oneshot in the Finding Home!verse. In a war, there are always sides, and choices must be made. Some choices are easy. Others, not so much.
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Choices
When Pigwidgeon arrived at the Burrow, it was only coincidence that resulted in the entire Weasley clan being there.
There had been quite the stir in the Ministries of Magic all across the world when something, invisible and shadow-like, had broken into the most top-secret archives and departments each country had to offer, taking nothing save the information that magic existed and what it could do. The frenzy had reached an all-time high when they realized it couldn't possibly be a Muggle's doing and a wizard would have no need to gather intel. No one had any idea what it was, but they had managed to trace the disturbance's signature and match it to something very similar in New York. The signal there had been weak and only lasted for a brief moment, but they were convinced something would happen in that city very soon.
So the talks started, arguments and discussions and disputes taking place between several Ministries until the American Ministry finally, reluctantly, acquiesced to the death wards. The British had suggested it, reminding everyone that they were the ones to have survived two Dark Lords and three wars and that they knew what they were doing. The Muggles would put it down to a terrorist attack, a rumour that was already going around in that city, and they would contain New York until they were certain the threat was over.
One American official against this idea had desperately thrown out the fact that Harry Potter, Britain's Saviour, resided in New York, and could the British really leave him to a fate like that? This had caused an instant uproar and Minister Shacklebolt had immediately contacted Auror Ronald Weasley to contact Harry Potter and ask him to return to Britain.
But what if Harry Potter didn't want to leave, much less return? The British Ministry had replied that they could not sacrifice the world for one man, even if that man was the Man-Who-Conquered-the-Dark-Lord.
And so it was decided.
But at that moment, the Weasley family was assembled at the dinner table, just finishing up their supper.
Ginny was there, having recently been divorced by her rich husband, and had moved back into her parents' house temporarily. Ron and Hermione were there with their children as well, on their bi-weekly visits to the Burrow.
Fred and George had stopped by at their mother's request, interested in the latest news at the Ministry that their father could tell them and ended up staying for dinner. Neither of the twins had married, though Fred was dating a brunette, Hayley, who was currently out of town visiting family.
Percy had come home from the Ministry along with Arthur, still talking about the debates when the fireplace roared and out stepped his brothers.
Charlie had come home for a visit after several letters from Molly on how worried she was about the recent events, and Bill and Fleur had also arrived, Victoire, Dominique, and Louis in tow, for much the same reason as Charlie.
There was a great amount of noise when Pigwidgeon swooped in, twittering madly, and it took several minutes for Ron to calm his owl down enough to untie Harry's note.
"It looks like he was planning to leave anyway," Ron announced after scanning the letter. "He doesn't sound-"
"Let me see that," Hermione plucked the letter from his hands, ignoring the exasperated look her husband sent him as she looked at the note. "Ronald, he says he was thinking about it."
"Well yeah, but after our letter, he'll definitely leave," Ron protested.
Hermione released a deep sigh as she tossed the letter on the table. After a moment, George swiped it up, ignoring his mother's disapproving expression, and proceeded to look through it with Fred.
"Ron, Harry knows we're talking about the death wards," Hermione said, glancing over at Bill when he stiffened. "Don't you remember what happened last time? The whole letter is vague. He's just writing what he knows we want to hear. He's not going anywhere. You can be sure that when the wards go up, Harry's going to be right at the centre of it."
"Wait," Bill interrupted, leaning forward. "What happened last time?"
"Not in front of the children," Molly cut in sharply, and the kids were sent out of the room, the older ones complaining all the way.
"The Ministry decided to use the death wards again about six months after you returned to Egypt," Ron explained, frowning when Bill grimaced. "Oh come on, Bill. It was necessary. You can't possibly still be hung up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Fleur Delacour/Bill Weasley
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Fleur Delacour/Bill Weasley
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

