Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy’s finger hovered over the touchpad, the mouse pointer in the perfect position to depress the “submit” button. There was no sense in not doing it - it was one of the sixty jobs she had applied for, and wouldn’t get due to varying reasons that she couldn’t even name. This one in particular would’ve been a better shot if she’d majored in engineering, business, or had a minute’s worth of experience. Still, it was the one she wanted, which made it the one she least wanted to know she was unqualified for. Another “thank you for your interest” missive was not something she wanted to face, with the clean lines of “Stark Industries” on the letterhead. Though, to be fair, getting those letters was better than the incredible amount of dead air she received from so many other applications. Apparently it was no longer required to give lip service to undesirable candidates. “Fuck it, whatever”, she hissed to herself and let her questionnaire, her resume, and her letters of recommendation fly through cyberspace.Her letters of recommendation were pretty damn good, if she said so herself. But, as she was not applying for jobs in any of the STEM fields, they were pretty much just words on a page, terminated by the signatures of people with lots of letters after their names. Doctor Jane Foster was a big deal in astrophysics, but if one was applying for a paralegal position, a JD after her own name would’ve made the right impact. It might be overkill, but considering the quality of people recruited by Stark Industries, it was probably the absolute minimum.Thor had offered to compose a letter of her achievements, but that seemed a little nepotic. And kind of weird. She didn’t want to be hired because she knew the guy with the hammer. She wanted to be hired because after New Mexico, London, robots, aliens, and another robot (thankfully she was back in New Mexico for that), she had a nice piece of paper with her name and “B.S.” after it. She snort-laughed at that every time she saw it. B.S. Political science wasn’t a science. It was bullshit, but it was hers, and they let her have it after she turned in a complete nonsense thesis which was mostly about Thor and his immortal family politics. “The Sword and the Hammer: Items of Ascension in the Medieval Monarchy and Modern Asgard” was the biggest joke her department ever had cross their desks. Maybe if she was in the English department. Or Anthropology. As a political science thesis that didn’t deal with African warlords or the Middle East, it was probably only the surprise of it that earned her the B-. It was probably a C paper at best. C+ if she was feeling particularly proud of herself. She called it in, and she knew it, and gratefully accepted their uneasy declaration of her completion with a smile.Darcy Lewis could do better than that, but it had been a really long time since she really tried. Looking around her personal island of on-campus en-suite living, there was nothing left except loading her boxes and duffels into her mom’s car. That car would drive them from the dry, red desert of New Mexico (it grew on her - and Virginia felt too foreign; thank Thor for credit transfers) to the dry, brown desert of Las Vegas. The bright light city was the part of town everyone pretended wasn’t really there, trying to huddle in their developments where the night never got really dark, and everything that occurred outside the weirdly planned communities was part of someone else’s life. That’s the desert for you. Only civilization for miles around, and pretending it was just you was preferable to other people. Boston could be nice, she thought, apropos of nothing. Boston had great public transportation, and the breezes probably smelled like fish, beans, and patriotism instead of vomit, smoke, and broken dreams. Yeah. Boston.Her phone buzzed with a text from her mother, who was apparently waiting downstairs and not leaving the car. She let out a huff. Carry everything down herself in six trips. Yep. Home. Goody. Closing the top on her laptop, she reached over to the power strip installed in the desk and unplugged everything, sliding it into her messenger bag. Normal life awaited her, and while she ran away from Jane and all that crazy because bombs and terrorists and giant robots were fucking terrifying and more than she could handle, normal life was setting up to be pretty damn boring.Which of them was worse occupied her mind for exactly thirteen seconds before her phone actually rang. Before she even got a word out, she heard “DIDN’T YOU GET MY TEXT MESSAGE? I’M WAITING DOWNSTAIRS, DARCY,” and almost made up her mind. Almost.* * * * *Finding out that her mother had turned her bedroom into a guest room with a daybed, and that all of her things had been boxed up or tossed or sold almost brought her to tears, but they were tears of frustration, of rootlessness, rather than actually cari
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers
Josh Lyman/Donna Moss

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
BAMF Pepper Potts
WinterShock - Freeform
Mistaken identities
everyone ships James/Darcy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers
Josh Lyman/Donna Moss

