Chapter 1: For if I cannot love myself... I'll use something else.
    


Summary:

Darcy first day at the tower is Steve's last. Tony throws a party (big surprise) Both get drunk of asgardian mead and hook up. Neither one remembers and two months later surprise!





Chapter Text

  Chapter 1 
Darcy Lewis, intern extraordinaire and now officially titled (and PAID!!) Personal Assistant to Dr. Jane Foster, sips her second beer as she sat at Tony Stark's penthouse bar and watches the people around her.How is this my life? She wonders absently rubbing her bruised wrist, a parting gift from her lying spying ex Ian.One week ago she had been lying in bed next to him trying to figure out how to let him down gently. To tell him that their relationship had run its course. After two and a half years of barely understanding the data she was transcribing, Darcy had decided that she and Jane needed an intern’s intern. Darcy had seen Ian Boothby several times at the coffee shop around the corner from Jane’s mother's flat in London. He was cute and had been reading a book on Astrophysics. Darcy was sold! So she approached him about an unpaid internship with the Queen of Astrophysics herself and Ian jumped at the chance. But of course Jane touched some Red Funky Goo and Thor came back to earth, took Jane to Asgard. Ian helped Darcy break Erik out of the Looney bin. Then Thor and Jane came back soon followed by a group of bad guys straight out of J.R. R. Tolkien’s nightmares and most of Greenwich England was destroyed. Darcy had kissed Ian after he saved her life and (We survived and defeated evil dark elves trying to destroy the universe! Lets have) sex sooned followed.Almost a year later, their relationship devolved into unsatisfying quickies that left him snoring and Darcy awake and frustrated lying beside him. She had contemplated quoting the movie SPEED to him, the "Relationships based on intense experiences never work" line or even having Thor take him outside and gently break the news. Coward! Just pull up your big girl panties and Break up with him... Tomorrow! She told herself finally deciding to put a pin in it. But when tomorrow came and she had already put "THE TALK" off till after dinner, not wanting to have drama in the lab, fate intervened.On the labs small tv, breaking news from Washington D.C. was streaming live. Ian got a text message and suddenly his whole demeanor changed. Grabbing Darcy hard by the wrist, he shoved a gun to her head, shouted "Hail Hydra!" and demanded in a vaguely Eastern European accent that Jane and Erik surrender to him all of their research! His fingers were digging into Darcy's wrist hard enough to make her cry out as he began to mock her, calling her stupid and bossy but when he started to say that she was a lousy lay, Darcy had enough. The whole time he was ranting she had stealthily worked her taser out of her hoodies pocket. When Thor burst into the Lab thru a window, surprising Ian, Darcy wrenched her wrist from his grasp and jammed the taser into his crotch mashing down the button. When he finally stopped twitching, Thor had him tied up securely.  He refused to talk to them when interrogated, he only sneered and pulled at his restraints. A search of his laptop revealed that he had been steadily funneling parts of Jane's research to an encrypted email that Darcy's fledgling hacker skills could not trace.Although neither Jane nor Erik blamed her for hiring and sleeping with a Hydra spy, the guilt she felt was crushing her. She barely had time to process her feelings as a group of jackbooted thugs escorted Ian away in handcuffs, when IRONMAN(!!!) flew into the lab through the still broken window and offered Jane and company a safe place (Hydra Free) to continue her research and unlimited funding courtesy of Stark Industries. Jane had balked at first but Thor had changed her mind. (Darcy didn't want to know how, but assumed that "pelvic sorcery was involved) So now here she was in Manhattan at a party in The Avengers Tower. Tony Stark stated the party was to welcome Thor, Jane, Erik and Darcy to the Tower but also to say "Ta Ta to the Capsicle!" Apparently Steve Rogers was heading out into the wide world to search for his BFF aka The Winter Soldier. Darcy personally thought that Stark just needed an excuse to have a party but hey free booze is free booze! "Lady Darcy! My Lightning Sister" Thor's bellow shakes Darcy out of her musings and got her attention "Come join us and partake!" He lifts a glass filled with amber liquid and gestures for her to take a seat next to him on the white leather sectional couch."Sure Big Guy" Darcy abandons her bar stool to cross the room and plops down next to him. She observes Jane on Thor's other side talking animatedly to a scruffy man in glasses sharing another couch with Erik. Darcy vaguely remembered being introduced to as Dr. Banner earlier today, during Tony's tour of the labs. She accepted a glass from Thor and watched him pass another acros
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Unplanned Pregnancy
Drunk Sex
Asgardian Liquor
Not Canon Compliant
Some use of foul language
Explicit Language

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis

