Work Text:
"Welcome to Stark Tower," Tony announces, turning so that he's framed against the tall glass doors and spreading his arms wide to encompass the whole building, repair crews and all."I've been, actually."  Bruce sounds ironic, but he's smiling at Tony's little presentation, willing to go along with him.  Tony grins in answer and slips through the doors, waving Bruce to walk towards him as he walks backwards."Right, right, but you haven't seen R&D yet," he says impatiently.  "It doesn't count as seeing Stark Tower if you were lolling around too naked and exhausted to enjoy the fancy science toys.  Hi Celia.""Hello, Mr. Stark," Celia replies from the front desk.  "Is there anything I can do for you today?" "You can ensure that Dr Banner here is given a warm welcome and anything he needs, basically for the foreseeable future.""Yes, sir." Celia picks up the phone."Uh, I don't know how long I'm going to be staying – " Bruce begins, but Tony's already walking away from that."This is my private elevator.  I'll give you the code, though; you probably have a good reason not to get stuck in a tiny metal box with ten other people.  You look fabulous in that shirt, by the way.  The yellow is really fetching on you.""It's your shirt.""Is it?"They ride the elevator up seventy or so floors, and when the doors open Bruce's reaction is everything Tony was hoping for.  Slack jaw, wide eyes, maybe a bit of drool, the whole thing.  He knew it."Like I said," Tony grins, nudging Bruce with his elbow.  "Candyland.  And this is just the first floor."Bruce's eyes dart around, taking in the huge gleaming open space filled with every toy off the physicist's wish list, the little machine shop at the back (there are bigger shops elsewhere, but sometimes you need something right away and don't want to have to travel to get to your vacuform), the new baby particle accelerator Tony designed, the cozy little lounge area that Tony had built on each floor for naps and snacks and makeouts."How long did you say you wanted to stay?" Tony asks, taking off his sunglasses and folding them neatly into the breast pocket of his suit.  Bruce has staggered forward two or three steps, apparently unconsciously, drawn by the incredible magnetism of nerd to science.Slowly, he turns around to face Tony.  "Below the belt, Stark," he says, but he's smiling all over his face."Oh please," Tony says, slinging an arm around Bruce's shoulders.  The yellow really does look great on him.  "Call me Tony."-Science and flirting aside, Tony absolutely does not intend to start having sex with Bruce.  Or with the Hulk, for that matter.It just sort of works out that way.Really it's Bruce's fault, with his tweedy professor act and his wry self-effacing manner;  Tony never could resist an introvert, and Bruce is the world's greatest introvert (except for when he's the world's greatest extrovert, of course; it's delicious).  Tony doesn't know very many people who are a) superheroes, b) as smart as he is, and c) fascinating science projects in and of themselves – it's basically just Tony himself, Bruce, and Reed Richards, and Richards is a penis – so it makes sense that Tony would be interested.  On top of that, Bruce turns out to be funny, interesting, and good at MarioKart (more points in his favor over Richards) so really there's nothing else for Tony to do but adopt him.And once he's cajoled Bruce into moving into Stark Tower, Bruce is just there all the time, full of patience and good humor, ready and waiting to be cajoled into other things.  Tony cajoles Bruce into hanging out with him in the labs, into helping him design new radiation shielding for the suit (since he might be called on to take it into space again), into letting Tony help him invent Asgardian energy detectors.  Tony cajoles Bruce, meeting less resistance than he anticipated, into coming down to SHIELD headquarters with him for what they're optimistically calling Avengers Strategy Meetings and what are really just Clint throwing spitballs at everyone with disgusting accuracy while they all try to figure out how to work together without killing one another.  He cajoles Bruce into watching Star Trek with him, and into having dinner with him every night he's not having dinner with Pepper.  He even cajoles Bruce into coming out on missions with them, their team, The Avengers, more and more, solving the rash of frankly bizarre crises that now seem to face the city on a roughly weekly basis.  Bruce always, always goes along with Tony's cajoling, always accepts it with enthusiasm and humor, and he doesn't seem to mind having been suddenly promoted to Tony Stark's Best Friend.All of that goes so well, in fact, that Tony almost doesn't notice himself cajoling Bruce into making out with him, it's just such a natural extension of their established cajoler-cajolee relationship.  He flirts, and Bruce flirts back, the way people do when they tell themselves they're just humoring Tony.  He gets into Bruce's per
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hulk/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Body Modification
body transformation
Size Kink
Science Bros
Lab Bromance
Science Experiments
Polyamory
Pancakes
Sadism
Masochism

fandom: 
Hulk/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

