Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve meets Bucky when he's four and Bucky is six, all smiles and charm for the nuns at Sunday school, but breaks the skin on two of his knuckles by punching Jamie Higgins in the nose when he hears him call Steve a Mick. Steve squares his jaw and says, "mama says you shouldn't hit" and Bucky smiles back and replies, "my mama says that too." Steve graciously allows Bucky to walk him to where his mama is waiting for him, and they're best friends from then on.
Bucky notices the way Steve smells right away. Like the pies Mama makes on Christmas, and the taffy Papa brings home from the docks in Summer. He wants to make Steve wear his clothes, so the scent gets layered on them. He stops himself after one punch to Stupid Jamie's face when he sees how upset it makes Steve. He wants Steve to smile at him, not be mad at him. He walks Steve to his Mama, knowing somehow he's going to spend the rest of his life protecting Steve Rogers.
Bucky tells Steve the fireworks are just for him on his sixth birthday. Steve believes it until he's eight and Sister Mary Catherine gives him a sad smile and explains Independence Day. Steve waits until they’re walking back to his house to punch Bucky in the arm. Bucky just shakes his head and says, “well, they should be. Ain’t no one deserves fireworks on their birthday more than you, pal.”
Steve spends his tenth summer begging Bucky to just leave him alone. The other boys in the neighborhood are always inviting Bucky along to play a game of stickball and he always turns them down, choosing instead to sit by Steve’s bed where he’s recovering from rheumatic fever and read his latest stolen sci-fi novel out loud. It takes Steve five days to work up the nerve to ask Bucky why he stays. “You don’t hafta stay, Buck. I’m not much fun just lying here.” Bucky glares back at him. “I don’t hafta do anything but go to Church, punk. Maybe I’m havin fun readin to you. You’re always telling me I need to practice anyway.” Steve lets it go at that, too exhausted to argue.
When Steve is twelve and Sarah Rogers’ cough keeps Steve awake at night, causing his own cough to turn wetter and harsher, Bucky moves himself in and holds Steve's good ear against his chest at night to drown out the sounds. He never mentions the tear stains on his pajamas in the morning. Bucky takes to stealing day old bread from the bakery down the street in an effort to keep something in Sarah and Steve’s stomachs. When Sarah passes away in her sleep one night in early spring, Bucky packs Steve’s stuff and walks him to the orphanage where he’s been living for six years and tells the Sister in charge that Steve can share his cot. 
Bucky presents as an alpha two weeks after Steve’s 13th birthday. Father Mathew has Bucky moved to the alpha wing, but Sister Charlotte allows Bucky to move back to the ward Steve stays in after they find Bucky curled next to Steve five mornings in a row. Sister Roselyn shakes her head and takes Steve aside to give him a special talk about  presenting and how Bucky might take a little while to settle into his new hormones. 
Bucky and Steve leave the orphanage when Bucky is 16 and Steve is 14. They told Bucky he had to go, and Steve would rather be homeless with Bucky than have a bed without him. Bucky argues until his face is red with frustration, but Steve has never backed down from a fight, and eventually Bucky gives in. Bucky works three jobs and Steve sells sketches to the newspaper when he can. Somehow they manage to scrape up enough for a one bedroom in the poorest area, they even have enough left over for food, though Steve is sure that Bucky goes to bed hungry whenever Steve has to visit a doctor or get a new medication. Steve spends three months thinking every day he wakes up will be the day he presents. Every day Bucky pats him on the back and says, “maybe it’ll happen tomorrow.”
Steve is 16 when the doctors tell him he’ll never present. “You have the blood of an omega,” Dr. Jacobs says calmly. “But your body can’t handle a heat. The good news is, you’ll pass as a beta. No one will ever know the difference.” Steve breaks a second hand vase Bucky had traded a guy at the docks one of Steve’s sketches for when he gets home. He’d never given it much thought what he’d present as, just assumed he would. It doesn’t feel right lying about his orientation, but being an Omega won’t pay the bills, and being a broken Omega is even worse. He tells Bucky he’s a beta. It tears him up inside to lie to his best pal, but he can’t stand the thought of seeing pity in Bucky’s eyes.
Bucky takes Steve’s orientation in stride. He thought Alphas always mated with Omegas, but if anyone could break the rules of nature, it would be Steve Rogers. He knows deep down in his bones that Steve is his mate. He doesn’t dare bring it up to Steve, even though he thinks about it every day. He can’t handle the thought of Steve rejecting him, or worse, Steve putting up with Bucky out of some misplaced sense of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe- Mates
Covers Pre-Serum Steve Rogers through Post Winter Soldier
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Knotting
chapter three has graphic violence
Torture
suicidal thoughts/behavior
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Heat Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

