Chapter 1: Teaser
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It wasn’t an unusual situation in theory. A SHIELD STRIKE teams fighting a Supervillain. It was a situation that had happened many times before. However this time it was different. Because this time it was taking place on the Helicarrier as it floated in the sky. It was a situation that should never have been able to happen. The Helicarrier was currently utilising its invisibility mood. Yet the Supervillain had had no trouble in locating and attacking the floating fortress. This particular Supervillain, on the other hand, was known for being quite technologically advanced. So if anyone would have been able to track them, it would probably have been him. And it was something that the techs would have to investigate later. The STRIKE team were hard pressed to keep the Supervillain back. He was being far more intent in his attacks than he had ever been before. Far more reckless in his attacks. One of the doors to the Helicarrier opened; one of the Avengers stepped out. A large circular shield on his arm, clearly displayed. Seemingly without fear of an attack, he walked across the carrier’s deck towards the Supervillain.             “I know you can hear me.” He called out. There was no response. There was no change in the Villain’s attack.             “I know you can.” The Avenger repeated, “And I know why you’re doing this.” A blast was fired, coming dangerously close to the Avenger. But it never touched him. And he didn’t even flinch.             “I know.” The Avenger stated once again, “I get it. And I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry! I’m sorry that we drove you to this. I’m sorry that we lied to you. And above all…” He moved so that the shield was resting on the ground, his hands positioned on top keeping it upright.             “I’m sorry that Captain America is dead.” Hawkeye addressed Iron Man.




Notes:

My NaNoWriMo project for 2014.  Story is still in process.  Update every Saturday, until I finish the blasted thing.The first chapter was the scene that began everything for me.  Unfortunately by the time I finished 50,000 I still hadn't reached that scene.I'll tell you when I do.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
POV Clint
Tony Needs a Hug
Friendship
Villian Iron Man
NaNoWriMo
Tony has PTSD
Protective Clint
Tony Has Issues
Domestic Fluff
Protective Rhodey
Protective Steve
Tony Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Secret Identity
Identity Issues
Identity Porn
Tony-centric
Hurt Tony
Steve Feels
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Protective Avengers
Protective Sam
Protective Hulk
Protective Tony
BAMF Tony
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Don’t copy to another site
If You Paid For This You Were Cheated

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

