Work Text:
Bucky Barnes hosted his own chat show – he’d been a kid actor who’d got lucky and won an Oscar, a teenage rebel with everything to lose and far too many pictures of him falling out of clubs (and beds) and now, in his late 20’s he’d worked up a solid reputation in showbiz for being self-deprecatingly funny and good at asking questions that showed the best in people – and got some great bookings through the producer.His openness about his sexuality was no longer news, he’d come out as Bi while being interviewed by Ellen and now she was his major competitor for ratings. He loved her, though, and their Twitter exchanges were often long and hilarious. He’d been at her wedding. She teased him about attending his.“This week we’re talking to Pepper Potts, the new CEO of Stark Industries – I don’t know if you’ve heard of her – she’s the one keeping Tony Stark from declaring war on… well, pretty much everybody.”The audience tittered good naturedly. He’d already had Tony on the show a year or so ago after he’d come back from being kidnapped and tortured – wisely keeping away from those subjects and sticking to the more ‘kid safe’ topics of past affairs and future plans. Pepper’s name had popped up a few times (and enough for more than Bucky to notice) and now it was her turn to sit on the oversized snuggle chairs he used.They’d had a quick rundown of what they would be talking about before they’d taken to the floor, she didn’t want any speculation on the nature of her relationship with Tony – she was more than happy to talk about her hobbies, her job and the various charities she funded. In exchange for no questions about Tony, he was allowed to ask her about what she ‘really’ thought about Justin Hammer’s sexist comments about a woman CEO. He was looking forward to it being a trending topic on Twitter.#womanontop
 “Tumblr loved it.” Darcy told him, scrolling through the social media as he took off the make-up that stopped him from looking shiny on screen. “The green Henley worked, getting a lot of comments about your shoulders and arms – they’re noticing the gym, finally.”He shrugged, he had a little baby fat – he’d been carrying it for a while, and he’d announced that for New Years he’d be eating better and focusing on his health more, the #Buckybabe challenge had been going on for 6 months and he’d been pretty pleased with the results but had noticed people hadn’t been picking up on his slow but steady transformation. His assistant Darcy had smirked when he complained. The wardrobe changes had been her idea. “Next week we’ll use the tighter jeans. You’re robbing America of some killer thighs, boss.”“You don’t think it’ll be too much too soon?”“Nah, we’ll put you in the navy sweater that they liked last year, the one that made you look ‘cuddly’.”He paused; wipe hovering in front of his face. “I’m trying to avoid ‘cuddly’ Sugar.”“The jeans’ll make you look fuckable.” She smirked, rolling her eyes at him. “I know what I’m doing.”He had to nod at that, she was the best assistant he’d ever had – sure a lot of her comments were bordering on sexual harassment, but he gave as good as he got and he was pretty sure a lot of the crew thought they were fucking. He’d certainly made a good attempt to get into her panties when he’d first hired her. However, they’d both had a good laugh about it when he realised that she was quite happily dating someone else (He’s a singer, that’s all I’m saying) and had no interest in Bucky in that way. He’d accepted it, even stopped flirting until she’d told him that if he called her ‘Miss Lewis’ or ‘Darcy’ one more time, she’d tase him in his sleep.“You’re the boss, doll.” He shrugged. “What else?“Uh, the hashtag isn’t trending yet, but we’ve only just gone out, so… give it time.” She picked up her tablet, scrolling. “Got gifs up of Miss Pott’s answer to Hammer. Looking good on Facebook, but a few fuckboys crying about women taking their jobs.”“Put a comment on the one with the most likes.” Bucky said. “Hashtag: womanontop… can do it just as well as any guy.” He paused. “Then put a link to the stats thing her people sent us, with the increase in profits since she took over.”“Sure thing.” Darcy said, grinning.  “Cry more, boys.”He grinned, and winked.
 Home was… well…nice. He’d bought a few properties when he was younger, after some pretty good financial advice, but had mostly fucked everything over by the time he’d hit 21. He only had the one place now, a large apartment that overlooked the park. He’d only managed to keep it because he’d snagged the talk show gig.Now it was less like the crack den of his youth and reflected his current lifestyle – decorated in calming colours and oversized furniture that cost more than he cared to think. His Oscar was over the fireplace opposite his mug shot, not a real fireplace, but real enough to pass. He liked to keep them both where he could see them. A reminder that although he had it all, he almost lost it all too – to stay good.There were thre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Talk Shows
Flirting
Tumblr
Actor Steve
Talk Show Host Bucky
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

