Chapter 1: The Prank War, the Troll, and a Bedtime Tale
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Clint stared at his boss in confusion as the man slowly folded his black trench coat, draping it carefully over the wooden chair before settling into it next to the agent's hospital bed.  He hadn't been expecting Fury of all people to visit him, especially not this late at night, after he had already debriefed him.  He fought the urge to straighten his spine and salute because, well, frankly his ribs really couldn't take it right now.The Director stared at him over steepled fingers until Clint finally cracked: "Uh, sir?"“I would like you to know,” Fury said, deadly calm, “that my wife is the one who put me up to this.”Then he pulled out a thin book and began to read.…Darcy was covering her mouth with both hands, unsuccessfully trying to stifle her laughter.  When her eyes met Tony's they both just absolutely lost it.  Ten minutes later, they were lying on the ground, still crying and wheezing.  Every time the laughter started to peter out, they'd look at each other, or at the view screen – still paused on Clint's terrified face – and start up again.“The part – with the bear...” Tony choked out, still giggling.“Oh god, Clint's face at the 'my darling'!”They dissolved into another round of laughter.“You – you've recorded this, right?”“It's going in my special collection.”“Hah, well, so long as it makes the rounds quietly, wouldn't want the hubby's authority undermined.”Tony glanced back at the screen, “Honestly, I don't think it could.  I've seen less Killing Intent in actual battles.”  He fiddled with the controls for a few minutes, cropping the video here, changing the camera angle there, and adding an underlying music track that wouldn't be out of place coming from a children's mobile.  Finally, he had to ask: “How'd you get him to go along with it?”Darcy peered at him over the top of her glasses, “Do you really wanna know?”Tony flinched, losing a little of the flush that laughter had given him.  “...no.”“Yeah, that's what I thought.”…One week later, Clint was out of medical and avoiding Darcy like the plague.  She finally cornered him in the hallway outside Coulson's office, making sure to be there when she knew he would have to give his report on his medical-leave status.  Sometimes it paid to be the one in charge of everyone's schedules, well, it always paid, but sometimes the best perks of the job had nothing whatsoever to do with money.He paled at the sight of her: “You are evil.”“Aw, you didn't like my get-well-soon present?”“Evil!”Darcy smirked, “Do you yield?”He scowled at her, jaw working silently for a moment before his shoulders slumped, “Yeah.”“Hah!  Who's the woman, I'm the woman!”  Darcy did an abbreviated version of her victory dance around Clint.“Bringing Fury in was dirty pool.”“Dude, you had Natasha stake out my bathroom.”“Oh yeah, that was a good one!”  He sighed, “I've learned my lesson, Mrs. Fury.”She waited until he was just about to enter Coulson's office, then asked, “What was the worst part?”“Honestly?”  He shuddered, “He, uh, read it with so much enthusiasm.”“You should see him read Good Night, Moon.”Clint jerked as if shot, “You wouldn't.”Darcy just smiled at him.He watched her whistle her way down the hall, “Swear to god, sometimes that woman's scarier than the director.”




Notes:

The bedtime story Director Fury reads to Agent Barton is an actual book (though one not for children) called, "Go the Fuck to Sleep."  If you would like to see/hear it read by Samuel L. Jackson, follow the link below... and then maybe come read the story again.  It might be funnier, I dunno.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CseO1XRYs9I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stogers
pre-Tony/Steve

freeform: 
Crack
Crack Pairing
so much crack
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
EVEN THE BRAIN-MELTY ONES
Noodle Incidents Galore
fun with portmanteau couple-names
Gratuitous Star Trek References
Gratuitous Nerdery
Darcy's Eggo is Prego
Coulson is Not a Robot
Biracial Baby
Kid Fic
SPAWN OF FURY
Matchmaking
Drunkeness Is Not a Life Choice
natasha is a bamf
Darcy is her protegee
PLANANIGANS

fandom: 
Nick Fury/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stogers
pre-Tony/Steve

