Work Text:
It starts the way most things do, with Tony doing his level best to be an absolute dick.  "What about Charkiewicz?" Natasha asks one afternoon when the six of them are loitering in a hall of the helicarrier, waiting for Fury. Tony glances up from his phone at the question to see who it's directed at. Natasha's leaning against one wall blowing pink bubbles with her gum, a foot against the wall behind her and her arms crossed.  Steve's leaned up against the wall opposite her, hands folded in front of him and is the obvious intended receiver. He huffs, a disbelieving smile slipping across his face. "Natasha," he says repressively and Tony's curiosity is officially piqued.  Natasha smirks and cracks her gum.  "Who's Charkiewicz?" Tony asks, sliding his phone into his breast pocket. This conversation seems promising in its potential entertainment value.  Steve glances over at him, like he'd forgotten Tony was there. "No one," he says.  "Ouch, that's rude, Rogers," Natasha says and grins when he glares at her. She turns her head toward Tony. "He's a radar tech."  Tony frowns. "What do you need a radar tech for? Isn't that my job? What do you even use that has radar?"  Natasha laughs and reaches out to pat his shoulder. "Relax, Stark, we're not looking to replace you."  Tony scoffs, pretending he doesn't feel a faint rush of relief. "As if you could."  "It's not professional, it's personal," she goes on and waggles her eyebrows.  "Natasha," Steve repeats, voice harder, sharper.  "Oh, is Cap trying to make new friends? That's sweet," Tony says and earns his own poisonous glare.  "I'm not making friends," he says heatedly.  "Aw, now that's just sad," Tony says and reaches over to slap Bruce's arm with the back of his hand. "Everybody needs friends."  "Ooohh, I get it," Clint says, "Nat's gone all matchmaker on you hasn't she?"  Steve flushes—he's a very pretty blusher—and turns another glare on Natasha. "Look what you've done."  Natasha bites her lip, shrugs her shoulders. "Oops," she says innocently.  "Sorry, bro, that's rough," Clint says and goes back to fiddling with the arrows in his hands. He looks at them with a hilarious sort of reverance.  Tony gasps theatrically. "Is Baby taking himself out of the corner?"  "Shut up, Stark," Steve mutters, eyes dropping to the ground, his jaw clenching mulishly.  Then Tony rewinds a little and his brain stutters to a halt for a second. "Wait," he says and watches Steve's shoulders go up defensively, Natasha's smirk turn knowing. "You said 'he'."  Thor raises an eyebrow. "This comes as a surprise to you?"  Tony splutters. "You knew?"  He looks at Bruce who looks back at him and shrugs a yes.  "Didn't know," Clint says, "but suspected."  "It's not exactly a secret," Steve mutters and then meets Tony's gaze, his jaw set. "Is that a problem?"  Tony stares at him. "I'm pan, that would be just a little hypocritical, don't you think? I'm just...surprised." He lets his eyes go a little hooded and darts the tip of his tongue over his lips. "Didn't know you were on the table or I would have been all over that ages ago."  Steve gives him a flat, dry look, but he's flushing again. "Ha ha."  "I don't need to see this," Clint says, putting up a hand to block Tony's face from view.  "I don't mind," Natasha and Thor say in unison and grin at one another. Bruce just rolls his eyes.  "I can't believe there was a time I thought I worked with adults," he says to no one in particular.  "Now don't try and convince me you're the adult here, Banner," Steve drawls. "You call it tea time, but I've seen the mini marshmallows in your cup."  Bruce gasps. "Betrayer!"  A smile tugs at the corner of Steve's mouth.  "Seriously," Tony says, schooling his expression into total and complete seriousness, "I can show you a whole new world, Rogers."  "Oh my god," Natasha says and Clint and Bruce both groan. "You're the worst."  "That is from a Disney film, is it not?" Thor says, brow furrowed.  "Thanks," Steve says dryly, "but one new world was plenty for me."  --  It's one of the stupider things Tony's done because he's harboring an enormous, school-girl-esque crush on Steve. It's just a freaking bad idea to hit on him when he knows nothing will ever come of it. He should get a prize for world's biggest masochist.  But the ridiculous lines get tiny smiles out of Steve that he's pretty much hopeless in the face of. Plus, sometimes he catches Steve off-guard and makes him blush and how's he supposed to resist that?  Which is all well and good until they're sparring one afternoon and Steve takes him to the mat for the eighth time and Tony groans, "Jesus, Rogers, you suck," and Steve breathlessly quips, "Like a Hoover," and Tony proceeds to choke on his tongue.  Steve pushes off of him—oh god, the thought of Steve on him, no, no, bad brain!—and grabs his hand, hauling him upright.  Tony takes several ragged breaths and can feel a blush crawl like fire up the back of his neck.  "Tony?" Steve says, voice t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
flustered!tony
flirty!Steve
Innuendo
in-ur-endo
Get Together
Fluff
Romance

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

