Work Text:
“I thought you didn't care about anyone,” Peter says, voice muffled by the skin of Wade's neck. His vision is blurry, and it feels like he's been placed in a bubble with aberrations at the edges of his sight. There's something wet and sticky plastered down the side of his face, but it's drying and the coolness is a tiny comfort when the rest of him feels so hot. If he weren't so sleepy, he would tear at his suit just to get to his skin, get rid of the blazed crawling from his neck down.
Wade shifts him in his arms, which are solid and strong like his father's he thinks for a moment. Peter tightens the hold around his neck so he can be adjusted properly. “I don't,” Wade answers honestly, and Peter can feel the vibrations on his throat when he talks, “But I sort of like you, and the bastards had it coming.”
Peter hums, eyes closing in a form of trust that he hadn't been willing to express before. Deadpool is dangerous, he knows this, and it's not like he can justify whatever moral code he has concocted for himself because Peter can barely follow it. He's mouthy and annoying, but Peter likes him anyways and even more so for—rare—moments like this, where he's just Wade with all his fucked up flaws and a scrape of humanity.
He hears a door closing and realizes he fell asleep at some point because upon opening his eyes he is able to make out a fairly decent motel room with a low, yellow lit lamp and two beds. For some reason it doesn't bother him that he has no idea where he is, but that may just be because he's had his head knocked against concrete too many times to think coherently.
“Wade,” he murmurs as he's laid down on the bed. His mouth is dry and his throat hurts, and feels a bit like he swallowed something burning that scorched his throat and won't go away. There's a hand in his hair—it hesitates a moment before threading through.
“Stay here,” Wade commands like Peter is actually able to do anything else, “And just—don't die? I went through a lot to keep your ass alive.”
Weight lifts from the mattress and a few moments later, he hears the hiss of running water against the static noise of traffic from the window. Peter rolls over on his side, trying to ignore the pulsing his head and the stinging pain in his ribs and legs. The world is still unbalanced and he's still vulnerable, but it's alright because part of him knows that Wade is telling the truth; he wouldn't kill him when he had taken the time to rescue him.
“They did a fucking number on you,” Wade says, sitting on the edge of the bed, though his tone is oddly affectionate.
“But you saved me,” Peter's words run together slightly, watching the merc through half lidded eyes.
“That I did. Of course I did. Jesus, am I that unreliable? Don't answer that.” It sounds like he's having a conversation with himself, the phrases staccato and quick, and it makes Peter laugh softly.
It occurs to Peter that he had never considered that Wade is more than a crude psychopathic mercenary with too much time on his hands. And while that is largely who he is, naturally, he's slightly in awe of the way that he cleans the blood off his face with a wet rag with an alarming amount of gentleness. He makes Peter open his eyes and checks for a concussion, and after a moment he seems satisfied and tells Peter, “You'll be fine. So now go the fuck to sleep.”
For once, Peter listens and does so.
Waking up after being held captive for six hours and beaten for the majority of said time period is undoubtedly one of the worst feelings that Peter has encountered yet. The throbbing in his head has intensified and spread down to his limbs, sore all over, and he feels like he's going to lurch out his stomach at some point.
“Wow, wow, wow, hold on,” he hears as he tries to sit up with a small whimper, and suddenly there are arms helping him up so he can actually prop himself up against the pillows.
“You cracked a rib, dumbfuck, you can't just get up,” Wade says, double checking that everything seems to be as alright as it can be.
Peter is about to say something, but raises his head to look up at promptly stops, the question dismissed from his mind entirely. The man next to the bed has Wade's voice, but that is certainly not his face. He's seen Deadpool without his mask, has witnessed the tumors and scars—and looked past them because they don't change that he's still Wade. But whoever this is, he's unmarred and frankly, unfairly attractive. Peter feels himself flush, and something seems to click on the attractive guy's face.
“Oh yea,” he grins, and Peter feels like he wants to die a little, “So I sort of lost my healing shit. And got hot. Cool right?”
Peter is still at a loss for words. He takes a moment to just stare because part of him is a little jealous and another is horrified because it isn't like Wade's ego needed anymore encouragement. He has to admit though, Wade is hot—god is he thinking this? Definitely still knocked around in the head. The newly healed mercenary now has 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
Spoilers for #54

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

