Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Monday
Matt should have known not to trust a quiet night.He’d been floating around Hell’s Kitchen for a couple of hours, and the worst crime he’d encountered was a couple of tourists deciding to go to Pizza Hut when San Antonio’s was right there, making the whole block smell like oregano.  He was just about to head back to his apartment and get a whole six hours of sleep for once when he heard a familiar voice.“...just reaching for my wallet, okay?  No need to get jumpy.”Foggy, his brain told him helpfully, and then a mugging, and then Foggy being mugged, and then he stopped breathing.Apparently his body had decided that oxygen was unnecessary, though, because he was moving anyway, hightailing it over the rooftops probably faster than was strictly safe, but that didn’t matter because Foggy was in danger.  As he honed in on him he could hear the mugger responding.“Get your hands where I can see them!  I said get your fucking hands where I can see them!”“Well, how am I supposed to give you my wallet if I can’t take it out of my pocket?” Foggy said, his tone pleasant and reasonable.  Only Matt, who knew him better than anyone, would’ve been able to detect the tremble of fear in it.Only Matt could hear his heartbeat as he got closer, pounding like a drum.“Don’t you fuck with me, man!”“Buddy, I can think of few things that sound less appealing.  Trust.”Jesus.  Of course Foggy was going to antagonize the guy.  If the mugger didn’t kill him, Matt might.But the mugger wasn’t going to kill him, because Matt was at the alley, and ricocheting down the fire escape, and dropping into a crouch between the two men.  Foggy gave a startled yelp, and the mugger yelled “Shit!” and jumped back.“You want to back away,” Matt told the mugger, his voice low and dangerous.  “Right now.”“Ma--Daredevil,” Foggy said quickly.  Matt could hear his heartbeat, rabbit-quick; his sweat was sour in the air.  “He’s got a gun.”Of course.  Because why would Foggy take the trouble to piss off a mugger armed with just a knife when he could really risk his life?  Matt tilted his head, taking in the unmistakable scents of oil and gunpowder.  He’d missed them before, too focused on Foggy.  “He’s not going to get the chance to use it,” he said.“Daredevil.  I knew it,” the mugger said, which made no sense, but people tended to babble nonsense when they encountered Matt in dark alleys - if they could muster up the ability to speak at all.  “I fucking knew it!  You’re done, shithead.”He cocked the gun, loud as a church bell in Matt’s ears, but Matt was already moving.  He snapped a roundhouse kick into the mugger’s wrist.  The gun went flying.  Matt turned into his spin and leapt, his left heel slamming into the mugger’s chin.Thud.  The asshole and his glass jaw dropped.  Matt swallowed his disappointment; anyone who went after Foggy deserved worse than being kicked twice.“Holy shit,” said Foggy.Matt froze.  Foggy’s heart was still jackhammering, and Matt suddenly remembered that he’d never seen Matt fight before, not in person.  What if he was pissed again?  What if he was afraid of Matt?“That was.”  He heard Foggy swallow.  “That was pretty fucking cool.”Matt let out the breath he’d been holding.  “Uh...thanks?” he said, turning to face Foggy.“No, I mean, I knew you could, you know…”  There was a blur of movement; Matt knew Foggy well enough to guess he was probably karate chopping the air.  “...but that was.  Wow.  Like.  Really fast?  And.  Shit.  I don’t know.”  He was babbling; his heart still racing, his body temperature spiking.  Probably the adrenaline, although Matt couldn’t taste the particularly sour tang of fear in the air anymore.  “Maybe I should get mugged more often.”“What?  Are you insane?” Matt snapped.  The fury that had bled out of him when the mugger dropped blazed up again, roaring in his ears.“Whoa, Matt, I was kidding…”Matt stepped into his space.  “It’s not funny.  Do you know what I thought, when I heard your voice and…”  He cut himself off with an angry noise.  “And what is wrong with you, mouthing off to someone with a gun?  Did you want him to shoot you?”“I was nervous, I…”“Why are you even out here this late?” Matt demanded.  “You know better than anyone that it’s not safe.  What if I hadn’t been close enough to hear?”“I was just coming from the subway,” Foggy protested.  Matt heard him swallow again.  “I had dinner at my mom’s, you know that...”Matt took another step closer, close enough to feel the heat radiating off of Foggy’s skin.  Maybe if he got right up in Foggy’s face, Foggy would understand that Matt needed him safe.  “Then you take a cab, Foggy.  You don’t wander around Hell’s Kitchen in the middle of the night and practically get yourself killed!  You can’t...I need you to…”“Matt, come on...” Foggy said weakly, and put his hand on the leather over Matt’s chest.  The air was thick with that smell, the one that was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Marriage of Convenience

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

