Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
A shrill noise cut through the air and Phil blindly reached out, slapping his alarm clock with his open hand. When that didn't make it stop, he peeled his eyes open to see his cell phone vibrating on the night stand, display lighting up with every ring. Supporting himself on his elbows, he grabbed it and answered just before it would have gone to voicemail."Coulson," he said, suppressing a yawn."Get up. We have a meeting."Phil let himself drop back to the bed. "I'm suspended."He heard a small sound and looked down to see Clint curled up at his side, dirty blond hair mussed from sleep. His eyelashes curled against his cheeks, making him seem much younger than his forty years. One of his arms pinned Phil's waist, firm and heavy. A small smile touched Phil's lips as he watched Clint's chest rise and fall in slumber."Do I sound like I care?" The voice was an unwelcome intrusion in the peaceful scene. Phil closed his eyes and reminded himself that he really did admire Nick Fury most days. "Get your ass in here."A soft beep signaled the end of the phone call. Phil allowed himself the luxury of tracing random patterns with his fingers along Clint's back, causing him to shift and murmur in his sleep, before his phone chimed again.
Did I stutter? Get your ass up!
Phil sighed and extricated himself from Clint's reaching grasp.He detoured to the kitchen to start the coffeemaker before taking a quick and efficient shower. He took care toweling his hair, not wanting to lose more than he could afford, and took a moment to study his reflection.At 46 years of age, he was still in good physical shape thanks to SHIELD training. With his critical eye however, he could see a roundness starting to develop in his midsection. Wrinkles graced the corners of his eyes and mouth. His hairline had receded further than he liked but he had long since given up on that particular battle. His reflexes weren't quite as quick as they used to be. In short, he was solidly middle-aged.He had shelved the idea of a life partner. Finding someone who could deal with the secrecy of his job was hard enough. Having that same someone not mind being left alone for weeks to months at a time was damn near impossible. And that someone also sharing his tastes? A pipe dream. Before Clint, Phil had resigned himself to semi-regular sessions with Audrey - at least until she found someone new - and the occasional one-night stand.It was against protocol for SHIELD agents to have relationships with each other but the wording was a strong discouragement rather than a complete prohibition. Being a SHIELD agent was a tough job and nobody understood that better than another agent. When Phil had first joined, he'd tried to date within its ranks but quickly realized that that was a bad idea. There were too many ambitious people looking for a faster way up the ladder. SHIELD may be progressive but the wrong word in the right ear could cost you: at best, your teammates' trust and at worst, your career.Phil leaned forward and gripped the edge of the sink. Now, a possibility he hadn't dared to dream of lay within his grasp. He'd felt an attraction to Clint since the first time he'd truly laid eyes on him: lying in the mud, clutching his leg where Phil's bullet had buried itself, brilliant eyes glaring at him under a mop of wet hair. It had been too dark to see his eyes clearly then but Phil had memorized every speck of hue in the years since. Phil had opened his mouth to give him the standard recruitment speech and had found himself chastising him instead. When Clint had lowered his eyes to the ground, contrite, Phil had felt a surge of protectiveness that had stolen his breath away.Something about Clint made him lose control. He'd tried to maintain the customary distance he had with all of his cadets but Clint broke down his walls. He'd encouraged him to learn how to pilot the Quinjets. Phil had brought him food when he was injured, rationalizing that it was no different than when he baked scones for the base. He'd suggested books about military tactics that he thought Clint would find interesting. His actions hadn't been enough to be deemed favoritism - Coulson was invested in every agent he trained - but he didn't get that same warm glow of pride with anyone else.When Clint had called that night, only four months ago, the last of Phil's defenses had crumbled away. Clint had sounded so earnest in his need and Phil had never been able to deny him anything. Hearing him moan and whimper had been sweet torture and the fact that he could bring Clint to orgasm with his words had sparked a thousand fantasies to life. After bringing himself to the most amazing orgasm he'd had in years, he'd finally acknowledged that he’d knowingly crossed a line. He’d desperately clung to the fact that Clint had said that his tastes were vanilla and convinced himself that they could never be.He should have known that Clint would never have let it end there
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
BDSM
Dom/sub
Sensation Play
Impact Play
Flogging
Whipping
Massage
Marking
Prostate Massage
Anal Fingering
Spanking
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Angst
Butt Plugs
Bondage
Dom Phil Coulson
Sub Clint Barton
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Mild Breathplay

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

