Work Text:
Tony backed Steve up against the wall, hands already fumbling with the belt buckle to his jeans, which was turning into a task too difficult to handle since making out with Steve was melting all his brain cells that weren't oh god and more. Steve had a really nice mouth. "I know we're taking this slow," Tony gasped biting at the swollen pink mess of Steve's mouth. "But I've got to blow you, Cap. Like, please—just, let me suck you off. You'll love it, I fucking promise you that you'll love it. I'm great at it—I've got a mouth like a damn Hoover and I lost my gag reflex long before I became an lush. Come on, babe. Please? You'll—""Jesus, Tony," Steve said, pulling back to thump his head against the wall and yes, god, Tony had so much access to the exposed flesh of his neck and—Tony was going to have so many Steve induced fetishes. "Does cursing mean yes?" He'd given up trying to under the buckle and was just grabbing at Steve's cock threw the denim. God, he was hot through the fabric and just as big as Tony knew he'd be and yes, blowjobs. They had to happen. "Because, Cap, I'm dying here. I really, really want you to come in my mouth," Tony begged between nipping kisses that left only fleeting bruises to the so very flushed skin of Steve's neck. "Let me. Come on—""If you really want," Steve started but didn't finish, which was completely understandable as Tony was directing Steve's wide palms and seriously gorgeous fingers to grab at Tony's ass. Tony had a great ass. It wasn't Steve's ass but for someone who wasn't a super-human and just you know, a genius, he had a smoking fine ass. Anyone would be distracted. Even CaptainFuckingAmerica. "I really want," Tony said sucking a splotchy bruise to the side of Steve's neck. "I want to suck your dick," he said, laving at the skin and basically just humping Steve's leg. "Say yes, Steve. Come on, say yes." "Yes, yes, Tony whatever you want." And they were kissing again because how could they not, with Steve and that damn mouth with his earnest blush and those absolutely massive palms that were kneading Tony's ass like a batch of dough. Seriously, those fingers.Tony was going to sit on those fingers one day. He really fucking was.Just, you know, later. Right now, blowjobs.Tony gave a parting bite to Steve's lower lip, which had moved from dusty pink to downright sinful red and grinned at Steve's dazed expression. He was even breathing a little hard, which was amazing considering Tony had seen him pick up the Hulk the other day and run a city block without any huffing or puffing. "You're going to like this," Tony said, leaning back into the grind of Steve's hands. Then he dropped to his knees. "Fuck," he swore, pressing his face to the very clear outline of Steve's cock. "I'm going to love this.""Tony—" but Tony tuned him out because right now, priority was getting Steve's undoubtedly really pretty dick out of the confines of his jeans. It took him way longer than it should have. He was being outsmarted by something invented in 1851 and holy god, Steve's hotness was making Tony simple. "Tony!" It took a sharp pull on his hair, just when he was finally ready to tackle Steve's underwear, for Tony to look up. "What's up, Cap?" God, he was a gorgeous thing. "Um, thanks," Steve said, impossibly flushing more and oops, apparently Tony said that last bit out loud. "You're very welcome. Now, I'm not a professional, but I'm like 150% sure blowjobs can't reach their potential when your dick is still in your underwear." "Yeah, that's—" Steve stopped, panting a little when Tony went back to wrestling his briefs (they weren't star-spangled to Tony's ultimate disappointment). "Tony, would you just—"Tony paused, the head of Steve's dick, all flushed and uncut and just waiting to be put in Tony's mouth—Christ. "Please don't change your mind," Tony said a little raggedly. He thumbed the head and watched as pre-come welled up. "I mean, you can because it's your dick but please, Cap, please don't change your mind. I will be the first super-hero to die of blue balls. And that's embarrassing considering I don't think Clint's been laid since 1990." Steve shook his head, blonde hair a little wild and Tony tracked his hand as it rubbed the back of Steve's neck a little absently. He looked like he was going to say "aw, shucks" at any moment and then Tony was really going to have to get his dick on Steve's mouth, whether he was ready to or not. "I'm not changing my mind," Steve said. "Just, will you take off your shirt?" Tony had never been more relieved not to be wearing a suit in his life. His AC/DC shirt (Rock Gods Forgive him) went flying across the room and Tony finally, finally freed Steve's dick just as Steve was thanking him for removing his shirt. "Believe me when I say that the pleasure is all mine," Tony said, staring at the length of Steve's cock, which admittedly wasn't a monster cock. It was big, don't misunderstand him—it just wasn't colossal. Considering Tony was think
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bruises
Community: avengerkink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

