Chapter 1: Not Easily Conquered
    




Chapter Text
 Though we are not now that strength which in old days
Moved Earth and Heaven, that which we are, we are; 
One equal temper of heroic hearts, 
Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will 
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield. —Alfred, Lord Tennyson 
“Ulysses”
 
2008 
GoogleAbout 287,000,000 results (0.59 seconds)In the newsStark Industries to Halt Weapons Production
CNN - 7 minutes ago
Stark Industries CEO Tony Stark, one hour after his return to the US, announced that Stark Industries will cease production of …Tony Stark found alive after 3 months of imprisonment by the Ten Rings
Los Angeles Times - 1 hour agoTony Stark is alive
USA TODAY - 1 hour ago—“Our line is cursed,” said Sarah Rogers, often in fits of irritation or exhaustion. “I’ll tell you what with. Chronic loneliness, one. Two: a soft spot for the troublemaking type.”“I thought we were the troublemaking type.” Steve remembers saying this vividly: he was twelve years old, and it made Bucky snort out an ungainly laugh from across the kitchen. Then he slapped a hand over his mouth and went back to washing.“Only in front of other Irish,” Sarah conceded. Or maybe she said, “Only in front of the Barnes boy,” in the gruff and adoring way she had, the way that implied a soldier’s affection; the Barnes boy.Steve thinks a lot now of Sarah Rogers preparing potatoes for dinner, Bucky at her side, their calloused and capable hands warm and pruned from scrubbing. Bucky had a terrible habit of sticking his fingers in the food for a taste. When Sarah turned he would whip them out, grinning his who-me smile. Steve remembers the noise, primarily: Sarah would slap a knife right in the middle of each one that she planned to mash, smack, to test the hardiness of the meat inside. Later, during the war, Bucky would snatch whole potatoes from abandoned kitchens in the ashy smear of their European villages; he would buy them at markets; he would even take them from the mess, if there were any to be had. Bucky only had trench knives — American, Nazi, French, Russian, whatever his sticky fingers could take — but he liked to practice throwing them for lack of other work, and it was the potatoes he used for targets, balanced on fold-up stools or stained fence posts. He usually ate them after, but sometimes presented their eviscerated carcasses to Steve for his dinner instead. Smack, smack, smack: a very quiet decimation.Smack, smack, smack. The last of them falls to the floor, clutching at the knife in his belly. He makes atrocious wet and gasping noises. “I’ll ask you one more time,” says Steve. Russian still feels unfamiliar; the consonants click and echo together strangely in his own ears. “Who do you work for?”Suddenly the man moves his jaw in an alien way, and bites hard onto nothing. Steve’s hand, braced across his neck, is wet. The agent is foaming at the mouth, gasping and choking: there was a cyanide capsule, Steve realizes, in one of his molars. Livid, Steve takes him by the lapels of his coat. He shakes the agent so violently that his head cracks against the ground, once and then twice. The man chokes and gurgles; then he laughs. “Хайль —““Tell me, goddammit, tell me —“But the man is dead, leaking blood and saliva, staring with pale blank eyes at the dark bunker ceiling. Steve’s chest heaves. He makes a terrible noise and slams his fist into the concrete, where it splinters like fine china under his hand.—Someone is following him.Lviv is a kind place, or at least as kind as any place this far north can be; as he walks down the stone street, a pair of enemy eyes prickling at the back of his neck, the locals remain blankly ignorant. Steve ducks into a fish market after a moment. He tries to catch a glimpse, but all he sees behind him, even in the reflections of windows, are civilians: three families trying to keep their scrabbling kids in line, two young sweethearts, a man frowning at the price of yogurt.The fluorescent lights cast the fish in a strange greenish hue. Steve examines their gaping mouths. Then he looks back to the reflection in the window. First he sees a man in a noncommittal blue jacket, a baseball cap, glasses. His nose is long and aquiline, his jaw defined, and his eyes blue. It takes Steve a moment: he’s looking at himself. His gaze shifts. It could be him — the man at the yogurt. When Steve blinks he’s wandering away, and then gone. Steve sets down the carton of milk he didn’t plan on buying anyway and rounds the corner. Now the man inspects canned goods: cabbage soup, solyanka soup, lamb and rice soup.“Don’t buy the rassolnik canned. If you want to try it I know how to make it.”“Romanoff.” He should have known. Steve doesn’t turn around: his jaw is grinding, and he feels her small frame press against his shoulder. She slips her arm through his. Still in Russian, she says, “Come on, baby,” and tugs him out of the market and into the nighttime street. The air is chilled and the star
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

