Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Chapter 1 It's a cool, crisp September morning and Steve Rogers is enjoying his run around Manhattan. The rising sun reflects majestically off of the new World Trade Center and he promises himself to come back and sketch it. He never had the opportunity to see the Twin Towers so he can't understand the ferocity with which native New Yorkers swear that the new building cannot and never will measure up. Just as he's about to detour onto Broadway and run past the sculpture of the bull there is a loud explosion, followed by white smoke that tells him a building has been damaged. It's coming from behind him, to the northeast but it isn't the New York Stock Exchange. There's one other major target in this part of Manhattan; the Federal Reserve with its basement full of gold bullion.He arrives in time to see federal agents aiming their guns and setting up a perimeter. A loud crash sounds from inside the building and a red and blue blur comes hurtling out, crashing into a tactical van. Spider-man groans and staggers to his feet, taking in the scene around him."You guys might wanna get back," he tells the federal agents. "Like all the way to Queens. This guy's got a mad-on like you wouldn't believe.""Go get 'im, Spidey," calls one of the agents even as another yells at him to get down on the ground.Steve hesitates. Sure, he can jump in and handle whatever is brewing but he's curious about Spider-man. Just as he resolves not to interfere, the cause of the disturbance comes charging out of the building. In a rhinoceros costume. No. Rhinoceros armor."Nice Rhino," Spider-man coos, backing up a step. "Put the gold bars down and let's talk about this, arachnid to endangered species -- Yikes!"The Rhino lifts the tactical van and hurls it towards the federal agents. Spider-man shoots some kind of string -- no, webbing -- and forms a net, catching the van before it can hit them. While his attention is diverted, the Rhino starts to make his escape. Spider-man whirls and coats him from head to toe in webbing, lifting the enraged man into the air and attaching him to a lamp-post."Ow, geez," Spider-man complains, rubbing his lower back. "Ever think about going on a diet, pal?" He coats the Rhino in a few more layers of webbing before turning to the federal agents who are now pointing their guns in his direction. "Uh, guys? I just stopped him --""On the ground!" shouts an agent."But I -- ""Excuse me." Steve steps forward to defuse the situation. "You're not planning to detain Spider-man, are you?"The lead agent's eyes go wide as he realizes who Steve is. "Well, sir, we --""He's getting away!" shouts another agent and sure enough, that was all the distraction Spider-man needed to launch himself upwards and start leaping across rooftops.Steve eyes the webbing holding the Rhino, decides it's secure and takes off after the potential newest member of the Avengers. He's not sure how Spider-man realizes he's being followed but apparently, he does because the next thing Steve knows, he's wrapped in webbing and being hauled onto the roof of New York Law School."Hey, buddy, I -- oh! Oh my god." Spider-man actually backs up a step when he realizes who he's caught and then buries his face in his hand. "I just cocooned Captain America."The webbing, Steve discovers, is stronger than it looks. "Can you get me out of this?""Um, no," Spider-man says, his face still buried in his hand. "It'll dissolve in, like, an hour, though." He peeks up at Steve. "I'm really sorry. I thought you were a SHIELD agent or something coming to arrest me. Wait. You weren't coming to arrest me, were you?" He puts his hands on his hips and manages to sound petulant. "Of course you were. So, it was, um, nice meeting you and all, I guess --""Would you stop?" Contrary to popular belief, the serum that made him a super soldier does not make Steve immune to headaches and Spider-man is giving him a hell of a headache. "I wasn't coming to arrest you. I wanted to talk.""To me?" His voice actually rises an octave.Steve narrows his eyes as he looks Spider-man over. He's far more slight than Daredevil but stronger and possibly more agile, though it's clear he has no idea what to do with that strength or agility. "Do you see anyone else on this rooftop?""Just a couple of pigeons." Spider-man crouches to inspect Steve's wrist, which is peeking out from the web cocoon. No, not the wrist. His watch. "Is it that late already?" He sounds panicked as he bounces to his feet, shooting yet another webline and pulling a backpack from behind the chimney, slinging it over his narrow shoulders. "Sorry to web and run, Captain, but I'm late for cla--...uh...work. Could we maybe talk another time?""Will you have time after work?" Steve asks and then adds, with just a hint of sarcasm. "Assuming these...webs...have melted by then, of course.""Oh, they will," Spider-man assures him earnestly, crossing his heart with one gloved hand. "I get out at six but, uh, you probably 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Team Dynamics
Humor
Community: daredevilkink
Ultimate Spider-Man Vol. 1
Earth 1610 Spider-Man

fandom: 
None
