Work Text:
You see, the thing is, Tony doesn't really do relationships. All right, sure, there was Pepper for almost three years, but she'd been all he had left after Obie...passed away, he thinks that's how the last Fortune profile gently worded it. And if there's one thing Tony's learned, it's that relationships forged in shared guilt over killing a motherfucking crazy megalomaniac--much less keeping each other from being killed by Vanko and that stupid fuck Hammer three months later--don't particularly get on that spectacularly once the nightmares start to fade, and one of them--okay, Tony--starts to show his ass in public again. Tony's well aware his self-destructive streak is a mile wide, and he doesn't seem to be so great at not throwing himself into it headfirst, as Pepper pointed out the night she left.And, yeah, even after everything he's done, Pep and Rhodey are still his best friends, whether or not he deserves them, and now there's Steve and Bruce and Thor and Clint and Natasha too.  So, fine, that sort of relationship Tony does do, maybe, at least for a handful of people out of the almost seven billion on this damn planet—and then there's JARVIS, who's not really a person, but fuck that because AI or not he's Tony's and he always will be. At least JARVIS doesn't let him down. Usually.So okay. Maybe it's not that Tony doesn't do relationships at all, and more that Tony doesn't do certain types of relationships. Or at least he doesn't do them well.Pepper's with Coulson now--Phil, she reminds Tony with a patient sigh each time he asks her how Agent's doing--and she's happy. Which makes Tony happy. Really. It surprises him, he supposes. He'd thrown Dummy halfway across his lab after she'd packed her bags, and even now it flinches--really, who would have thought a robotic arm could flinch, but by God it does--every time Tony raises his voice. But Pep's good with Coulson, and after everything Coulson's been through, Tony thinks he deserves someone as brilliant as his ex. He's got to give the man props; after all, he's seen the now faded six-inch long scar Loki left just under Coulson's shoulder blade back when it was still puckered and shiny-pink.Loki.Tony takes another sip of his whisky--a double, neat--and scowls down at the glass in his hand. The bastard's why he's here tonight, at this crowded bar in the West Village, trying to drink away the thoughts swirling thickly in his head. Tony doesn't like feeling. He never has. Besides, this thing with him and Loki. It's just sex. Fucking amazing sex, sure. But that's all it is, that's all he's meant for it to be. It's not like he's having a sexuality crisis, whatever Natasha might imply. Fuck, no. He'd fooled around with Rhodey when they were younger and stupider, even if Rhodey refuses to admit it--and what's with that, really, now that Don't Ask Don't Tell's been repealed? Fuck that shit. Anyway, Rhodey's protests to the contrary, there'd been a few brilliant hand jobs exchanged between the two of them. Some desperate, booze-fueled rutting every now and then. And sure, Tony's had a few things up his ass in the past. Fingers. A plug once. Those beads Pepper'd like to pull out of him while he thrust into her, making him shudder deliciously. But never a god.Not until six months ago, at least. Or rather, six months, two weeks and four days. Not that Tony's counting or anything. He just can't help it.Another swallow of whisky. It burns the back of his throat, and he grimaces, then drinks again.Back to the point: Tony doesn't like feeling things. It'd been uncomfortable enough with Pepper, but he'd managed to explain that away by reminding himself he'd known her for years. They were friends, and then they were more than friends. But in the end she'd walked away in exasperation, just like everyone else before her had done. So it doesn't do to have feelings, Tony tells himself moodily. You just get screwed anyway--and not in the pleasant way. Tony leans against the bar, looking out over the crush of humanity. He's already let six people buy him a drink tonight; he wonders idly exactly how wasted he can get and still function in the morning. Cap'll be pissed when Tony staggers in for the daily briefing tomorrow morning, but Tony's turned off his cell for the night. He needs this time away from the mansion. From his friends' sideways glances and Thor's disappointed frown. Whisky splashes on his thumb and he licks it off. They'd argued, of course, he and Loki. In front of everyone. It was his fault, he's fully aware; he'd deliberately picked the fight over supper that had sent his--boyfriend? partner? Christ--that had sent Loki disappearing from the dining room in a blurred swirl of green sweater and black jeans, mouth tight. Tony'd pay for it tomorrow, he was sure, but fuck it. Tonight he can't take those piercing green eyes that see straight through him, that sharp tongue that calls him on his bullshit like no one else--not even Pepper.Tony finishes his drink 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Infidelity
Destroying Hoboken
Not-boyfriends really but yes
Bad TV Habits
Awkward Brunches
Fury has a mission to kick your ass--and clearance for it
Tony is a douchebag
Loki is a princess
Thor is giant puppy dog on beer
Clint misses Maxwell's
Pepper WILL go there
Natasha is amused
Bruce/coffeetable OTP (barefoot)
Bruce Banner is a snarky bastard
JARVIS learns to sigh
Oh Tony don't disappoint Steve. Again.
Bad parenting skills. No--really bad.
Frigga is frigging awesome.
Daddy issues. Serious daddy issues.
Intimacy? What intimacy? (shifty look)
Only Tony and Loki could possibly unite Perez Hilton and the POTUS
FrostIron - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

