Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For most of my life I’ve been a pretty light sleeper.  My parents never needed to shake me or shout at me to wake me up—no, just their hand on the doorknob to my room was enough for that.  Not like my sister.  Ugh.  She practically needed a live brass band playing next to her head before she woke up.  But in recent months you could say that my sleep habits didn’t so much as resemble a ‘light sleeper’ as an insomniac.  As soon as I’d manage to doze off a tree outside my window would shake in the wind and I’d wake up.  Or maybe I’d hear a siren five miles away.  Or a stupid bird who was far too happy to wake up that morning.  It didn’t much matter what it was: I was awake and would likely be so for the rest of the night.So when I woke up to a small scraping noise I wasn’t all that surprised.  Everything had been waking me up lately and this could have been anything.  But then I heard my fridge open and that’s a distinctive enough sound even down one flight of stairs and through several doors.  No one had cause to be opening my fridge at 3 in the morning.  Not anymore.I listened closely to see if I could hear anything else: nothing.  Whoever it was was really quiet.  Or else not all that interested in anything but the contents of my refrigerator.  Ha.  That’s a likely reason to break into someone’s house.I tried to remember where I put my cell phone last and nearly had a panic attack when I realized I’d left it in my purse downstairs.  In the kitchen.  I’d disconnected the landline two months ago so there was no other way to call for help.  My neighbors weren’t exactly close by so no help there either.  I had an old rifle at the top of my closet but that’s not a good weapon for close quarters.  There was a brief moment I screamed at the universe in my head for leaving me here alone in this house with no one to help me (three months ago everything would have been all right, why can’t it be three months ago?) but I stomped on that pretty quickly.  Screaming—even internally—wasn’t going to help me.I debated just locking myself in my room and hiding under the bed until whoever it was went away but as a devotee at the altar of Insomnia I knew how time could stretch almost infinitely when you were waiting for something to ‘not’ happen and I was tired of waiting and would rather have a harrowing life experience than just sit there panicking in my bathrobe.What can I say?  I was exhausted and making bad decisions.So I grabbed one of my knives for insurance and did my best to walk quietly down the stairs and into the kitchen.  Now, I know you know the man I’m talking about.  Strong, fast, clever, ruthless, and above all aware of his surroundings.  So I have no idea how I managed to sneak up on him.  But I did.I peeked around the edge of the kitchen door, the only light coming from inside the fridge just enough to illuminate a scary looking man gulping down my milk.  It’s odd what thoughts go through your head sometimes and at that moment I thought, ‘Hey, I was going to use that milk for lunch tomorrow.’  Which made me slightly annoyed.  I’d been looking forward to my homemade mac and cheese and now no matter what happened with this guy I’d have to go shopping.  Which meant wearing real clothes and leaving the house to interact with people.  Shudder.Did I mention I was sleep deprived and not thinking clearly?  Because this was not the moment for being annoyed that someone drank the last of the milk.  ‘Excuse me—‘ was all I got out before he whirled, tossing the milk carton at me while I shrieked and tried to duck only to find myself pushed against the doorframe with a knife against my throat.  I still couldn’t see him clearly in the dim light but his dark-smudged eyes were clearly calculating ways to kill me.  I also ran a few calculations of my own involving my knife which I had miraculously not dropped but even as I shifted involuntarily his knife pricked a little harder at my throat and I decided that my knife was worse than useless.Seconds ticked by on the kitchen clock and I became aware that he was, well, not shaking but perhaps vibrating with more intensity than I wanted from a man with a knife at my throat.  His eyes still held mine and I could see him trying to back down from whatever precipice he was standing on.  He inhaled slowly and pulled his knife away from my throat even as he tightened his other hand on my shoulder where he’d been gripping me since he shoved me into the wall.‘Drop the knife.’  His voice was gravelly with exhaustion but I wasn’t going to push my luck.  I dropped my knife.  It wasn’t doing me any good anyway.  He breathed deeply again, clearly trying to control himself.  ‘Did you call anyone?’  ‘No.’ I said, before realizing that maybe lying would have been a better choice.  Stupid honesty.  If he thought someone was coming he might have left.  Or just killed you, whispered a small sensible and very scared voice.  He nodded and his jaw clenched as he drew himsel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Slow Build
Post CATWS
the avengers show up eventually
I promise
recovery fic
all god's children got problems
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Emotional Trauma
Lots of it
but happy endings
Mr. Scary Face
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Violence
Cuddling
Lots of Cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

