Work Text:
“Steve-” “Mmm?” Steve said this into Darcy’s neck, barely lifting up his lips.“I just want-” Steve closed his lips over her own, and Darcy arched her hips into his. She parted his lips with her tongue and pressed inwards, having to get onto her tiptoes to get the leverage that she really needed. “I just want-”“I want this,” Steve said. “I want you.” Cool cool cool, Darcy thought, because she knew that Steve had been waiting awhile - though she wasn’t sure if all of those years on ice counted, because she really hoped he hadn’t been conscious and certainly didn’t think it was appropriate to ask - and they had only been on five dates, which she suspected wasn’t quite the same back then. Also, because he was Captain Fucking America and she was about to pop his red, white, and blue All-American (tm) cherry, which was not something to be undertaken lightly... especially considering that she was just a recent political science graduate who was largely known for having run Thor over with a camper, then tazed him.“If you want...”“Fuck yes,” she replied, and he glanced down and smiled. “It can’t be comfortable, standing like that,” he said. He brushed some of her dark hair out of her face. “I had not really noticed,” she replied. He placed his hands on either side of her ass and lifted her easily. Instinctively, she put her arms around his shoulders and wrapped her legs around his waist. It would have been really awesome if he had kicked down the door, but the thumb recognition pad sort of took all of the fun out of that. She sighed into his neck as he carried her into her bedroom and gently set her down on her bed. Never, ever in her life had Darcy Lewis been so grateful for making the bed before she went out.Steve stood in front of her for a moment, looking awkward, and Darcy pulled herself out of the rhythmic I am going to fuck or at least engage in naked activity with Captain America she’d been chanting in her head and reminded herself that she was going to have to take the lead on this one. So she pat the space next to her on the bed, and smiled softly as Steve sat down next to her.This, she realized, was probably the moment when he would try and tell her things, confess to her things they had already talked about and it would just kill what had been going on since outside the door, so she turned and pulled his head down and kissed him, hard. She didn’t give him too much time to settle, and pulled herself up onto her knees so she could kiss his cheek, then made her way to his ear lobe. She flicked her tongue, first, and then sucked the lobe, twisted her tongue around it, sucked again, and then returned to his mouth.By this point, Steve Rogers was flush - or blushing, but it didn’t matter - and Darcy could already feel the tension building between her legs. “Darcy, I-” he managed to get out.“Steve. I’ll tell you everything to do, OK?” she said, and couldn’t help but brush her fingers through the hair that had fallen into his face. He nodded, glancing down, impossibly long eyelashes framing his blue eyes, and she sighed and sort of moaned. Kissing him again, she guided him down so they were on their sides. She pressed into him so her breasts were on his chest, and he made an appreciative sound in response. She worked on unbuttoning his plaid shirt, stopping mid-way to stroke his chest and marvel at the definition of his muscles. She thumbed a nipple and he broke the kiss. “Oh,” he said.“Mmm?” she asked, pressing a little further, and noting the small nod in response she circled a finger and then pinched, gently.“Oh,” he said again, and she continued her ministrations as she unbuttoned the rest of his shirt. It was better than as advertised - and one hand had to feel his abdominals, had to move inside the band of his pants to where his hip bone was.“Fuck, you’re gorgeous,” she said.“You too,” he murmured, and his voice was soft and she almost couldn’t deal with how shy and embarrassed he was - she didn’t think it would work for her, but it was working for her, because she had inspired it...and he was...well. He touched her side, and she helped him untuck the shirt she was wearing, revealing the bra she had bought expressly for this purpose - white, demi-cupped, lace. Sexy but also demure, which basically described Steve, so. “Oh, wow,” he said, and he cupped her breasts with his hands and his eyes widened when he noticed he wasn’t even able to contain them. “Just like that,” she said as he massaged, fingers working over her breasts as they kissed. His mouth was more aggressive on her, now, and she rolled on her back so that he could get on top of her. His erection was outlined against his pants and pressed against her, and she bucked her hips into it, eager for it.“I’m-”“It’s good,” she said, and moved his hands back to her breasts. He traced a nipple with one hand while the other massaged the other breast, and Darcy had to close her eyes at how nimble he was - not a surprise, though, the way he drew. “C
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Virgin Steve
Plot What Plot

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

