Work Text:
Bucky/Steve Steve breeding BuckyBucky was already in their bedroom when Steve got home. He was naked, covered with a thin sheen of sweat, and occasionally letting out a helpless whimper. It was the only sound to interrupt the low buzz of the toy, which had been inside him since Steve had left for work that morning. His cock was painfully hard between his legs, but he knew he wasn’t allowed to touch himself, and he absolutely wasn’t allowed to come without Steve’s permission.He’d texted Steve earlier, sending a series of increasingly desperate texts, and even a few pictures, hoping he could get Steve going enough for him to let Bucky take care of himself.He hadn’t, not that Bucky was really expecting him to.Bucky could hear Steve walking around their apartment now. He didn’t call out for Bucky, which meant he knew exactly where he was, and in what condition. But he was taking his time. Putting his jacket in the closet, taking of his shoes, getting a drink of water… Doing everything he could to torture Bucky just a bit longer.Finally, the door to the bedroom opened, revealing Steve standing in the doorway, shirt already half unbuttoned to reveal the tank top underneath. He had his arms crossed over his chest, letting his eyes slide over Bucky, who was on his back with his arm across his face, the other one clenched in the sheets at his side. It was clearly taking every ounce of Bucky’s will not to just start touching himself, but he knew the punishment for breaking that rule would be much worse than a few more minutes of holding back.“Oh, isn’t this a pretty sight?” Steve said, coming over, letting his eyes trail over Bucky’s body, though they lingered on his cock.Bucky whimpered. “P-Please, Steve…”“Please, what?” Steve said. They’d agreed that they would be in the scene when Steve came home unless Bucky texted him their safeword beforehand. Or said it when he got home, of course.“Please, Sir,” Bucky said, rolling his hips against the vibrator. Steve had slid it into him that morning. It was a new toy they’d just picked up, top of the line, connected to Wi-Fi and an app on Steve’s phone which let him control it. They’d had very specific rules about bathroom breaks – Bucky had to let Steve know and could take it out but had to put it back in right after – but other than that, Steve had left it on a low setting inside Bucky all day, while occasionally turning it up just because he felt like it.And the result was what he saw before him. Bucky rolled his hips, grinding his ass down against the bed, clearly hoping the extra stimulation would help somehow. It didn’t.“What are you asking for, Bucky?” Steve asked. He knew, of course. But he wasn’t sure how well Bucky could form words right now, and he did love to tease him.“F-For your cock, sir,” Bucky said.“My cock?” Steve asked, starting to undress. “Where? Your ass is already taken.”“My mouth?” Bucky offered.It was tempting. Steve did love Bucky’s mouth… But he had other plans.“No, because I don’t want to have to pull out, and you don’t get to swallow Sir’s cum anymore, do you?” He reached out, trailing a light finger along the length of Bucky’s cock. Bucky whined loudly, back arching and hips thrusting forward, desperate for anything. God, he really hadn’t been touched all day, and Steve knew how seriously Bucky took their scenes. He definitely hadn’t come. “Do you?” he asked again, tone a bit sharper, when Bucky didn’t reply.“N-No…”“And why is that?”“Sir’s cum is precious. It’s only supposed to go in my pussy,” he recited.“That’s right, Stevie. My cum is only for breeding. Is that what you want?”“Yes,” Bucky gasped.“Yes, what?”“Yes, Sir, please… Fuck me… Fill me… Breed me until I’m bursting.”Steve moaned. His cock was hard, but he’d been so focused on Bucky that he hadn’t paid it much attention.“Show me your pussy, Bucky.”Bucky’s motions were uncertain, but he slowly rolled over and spread his legs. Steve’s cock twitched at the sight of the toy peeking out between his cheeks.“You want Master to take the toy out?”“P-Please,” Bucky whimpered.Steve slowly slid the toy out of him and turned it off with the little button. Immediately some of the tension in Bucky started to release, but he was starting to grind against the bed now, cock still painfully hard.“Stop that,” Steve growled. “Lift your ass up.”Bucky whined, still grinding his hips against the bed. It had been hours of torture. He was desperate now.“Bucky,” Steve growled. “Do as you’re told. Or do you just want to be my bitch tonight?”Bucky let out a soft moan, spreading his legs a bit wider at that. “Maybe…”“Yeah?” Steve smirked. “You wanna be Master’s bitch tonight? Meant to be used and bred, fucked full of puppies?”Bucky moaned again, even louder. “Please, Sir…”“Well, bitches need collars, don’t they?” He got off the bed, shucking off his pants and underwear, shirt already discarded on the floor. He went to get the collar they used when they played this game and clipped it around his neck. “Feel 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
top!steve
Dom!Steve
Bottom!Bucky
Sub!Bucky
puppy!Bucky
Puppy Play
pre-negotiated kinks
Sex Toys
Vibrators
Anal Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
also idk how to tag this but bucky is called a bitch
and his ass is called a pussy
Breeding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

