Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tea and Potions was the sort of coffee shop that Tony Stark loved. Not necessarily because it fit his personality. It didn't. He liked the hole in the wall type coffee shop because they were the type he could step foot in without being recognized. He was making a habit out of finding the most obscure places and seeing if the one or two reviews on Yelp were in fact accurate. Tea and Potions just happened to be the most recent stop on his tour of New York shops. It was the first week of September but the second Tony stepped through the door he thought Jarvis must have been lying to him. The place looked like a witch's home during All Hallows Eve rather then a building only a handful of blocks from his own tower. It looked like the chairs and tables had been picked up at different times from different piles of junk. And considering at least two were being kept level with a book under its leg, Tony strongly suspected he was right. The walls were covered with recipes for bloody and sacrificial sounding potions but upon further inspection seemed to only be recipes for the various things on the menu. Tony stepped up to the counter and the barista turned to face him.  And the man looked oddly like- "Loki."The instrumental music that had filled the air seconds earlier seemed to stop right in the middle of a measure as Loki closed his eyes, took in several deep breaths, and managed to show a very small smile that had no hope of even remotely looking less then forced. "Welcome to Tea and Potions what sort of spell will you be having today?"Tony couldn't stop staring. This had to be some joke, his mind playing tricks on him. When was the last time he had actually slept instead if grabbing a coffee? Surely this was a sign that he needed to go home and sleep for a couple of hours, if not a couple of days. Loki still hadn't moved, hadn't even blinked, scared that any movement would break the fragile moment of confusion. But neither of them were talking, barely even breathing and he needed Stark to get out of his shop. So he gathered his courage and asked, "Tea or coffee?" Tony, not one to miss out on his chance for caffeine of any kind said, "Coffee. Black. And we need to have a talk." He didn't miss how Loki's hands shook when the cup was exchanged. Didn't fail to notice how Loki seemed to be struggling to catch each breath. He convinced himself it didn't matter, that if anyone had a right to be nervous it was the guy who had been thrown out of his own house like a rag doll.Loki led them behind a pile of books that nearly reached the ceiling. Behind it rested a small circular table of mahogany and two red chairs. Loki sat in the chair against the wall so Tony had to sit with his back to the mostly empty shop and the pile of books. "I thought we had a deal," Loki said it as if the weight of the world was on his shoulders, "Only Fury comes with the questions." It was silent for awhile as Tony drank his coffee and took in what had just been said. Finally he put down the half finished drink and said, "I didn't know there was a deal. Hell, I didn't even know you were on Earth. So why don't you clue me in, Rudolph, and just might leave you alone.""Thor returned me to Asgard, as you saw for yourself. I was locked away for my crimes..." His words faded as he remembered what happened once he was locked away from the golden halls of Asgard. His eyes misted over and he stiffened till Tony thought he would break something. Instead Loki continued, "I suppose you know about Malekith and his attacks on the nine realms.""He landed in London and Thor took care of it or something, right.""Yes." Loki's reply was curt after a few tense moments he continued, "However he didn't act alone. He came to me, made an offer. I accepted." He held up a hand to stop Tony before he could interrupt, "It was a different offer then the one Fury and I have in place. I was meant to go back to my cage once Malekith had been defeated. I died instead."Tony rolled his eyes, "Except you're not dead.""No. By the time my body was well enough to bring me closer to life Thor and Lady Jane had already left. I was unwilling to go back to my cage. A sentiment I'm sure you can understand given your torturous past. Instead I came here, to Midgard." He held his right wrist out to Tony. "I believe this little bracelet is your design, meant to stop my magic. Sorry to disappoint but it only dampens what I'm capable of doing. I wear these and I get to stay. I stay in New York and answer any question Shield could possibly have to ask me." Loki stood up and went back behind the counter. He began to heat up a kettle of water and pulled some honey from a cupboard almost out of reach. "That cup is on the house but the next one won't be."Tony stood up and walked up to counter. He shook his head, "What makes you think they'll be a next time."Leaning in Loki said, "Because I'm the monster parents tell their children about at night and you're the type of pers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Coffee Shops
Bakery and Coffee Shop
Loki-centric
Loki Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Angst
Loki Angst
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Implied/Referenced Torture
Tony Stark Does What He Wants

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

