Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki had never been into sports.He didn’t like watching it, and he definitely didn’t like participating in it. He had been dragged to one football game in his life, and he had ended up absolutely hating it. There was too much screaming, too many stupid and obnoxious people around him, and the game itself had been boring to say the least. It just wasn’t for him.So when he was asked by his friend Amora if he wanted to attend a pro wrestling event, he was not particularly enthusiastic about it. She was supposed to go with her sister, Lorelei, and they happened to have an extra ticket because one of their friends had bailed on them at the last minute. Amora assured him it could be fun, but Loki told her there was no way in hell he would be going. He didn’t like sports. He didn’t like wrestling. What could possibly make her think that he would enjoy fake wrestling?Unfortunately for him, he could only refuse Amora for so long. Somehow, she ended up convincing him to come along. She told him that it was actually kind of fun to watch, and that there would be a lot of hot, half-naked men. He could at least join them just for that. She also told him that she had felt the same way about wrestling before the first time she’d watched it, and if she had been able to change her mind, then he could too.The next Monday, Loki hurried home from work and changed into something a bit more casual than the suit he had been wearing. He had a feeling that the people around him would be wearing sloppy, ugly clothes, so he definitely didn’t feel like he had to dress to impress anyone. Besides, it didn’t matter what he wore, he would still look better than them.He met up with Amora and Lorelei outside, and together the three of them made their way into the arena. As soon as he began to look around, Loki realized that he was not meant to be there. The place was filled with guys who looked absolutely nothing like him. Most of them looked like they didn’t give a damn about their appearance, and many of them were wearing hideous t-shirts with ugly prints on them. He saw the same shirts several times, and he was beginning to realize that the shirts probably represented their favorite wrestlers. That made sense. Still, Loki had to scrunch his nose as he passed most of them. There were so many bright colors. Pink, blue, red, and even orange. What was wrong with a simple black shirt?Once they had finally found their seats, Loki realized that they were sitting pretty close to the ring. Very close to the ring, in fact, compared to a lot of other people. He looked around and saw that some people were sitting very high up. What was the point? They couldn’t possibly be seeing anything from up there, could they? If Loki absolutely had to be here, then he wanted to at least be able to tell what was going on. Amora made him sit down next to her, and he brushed his fingers against his own knees as he looked at the many different signs people were holding up. It was difficult for him to read any of them, but he saw someone sitting close to him with a sign that said ‘I came to see the Black Widow’. Loki wasn’t sure who or what that was, and he shook his head as he turned his eyes away. This was bound to be stupid, wasn’t it? If there was a wrestler called Black Widow, then he was scared to find out what the rest of them called themselves.He did see a lot of American flags, and he wondered if all of them simply happened to be overly patriotic, or if there was someone in the show who had some kind of American theme. He turned to Amora to ask her about it, and she nodded her head and told her they were probably cheering for Captain America. Loki immediately raised his brows at her.“There is a wrestler named Captain America?”She nodded her head, and Loki stared at her.“That’s it,” he said, and pushed himself up. “I’m leaving.” But he didn’t have time to go anywhere before she grabbed his arm and made him sit back down again.“Calm down, Loki,” she told him. “At least give it a chance. Besides, Captain America is totally your type. He’s blond, and he’s big.”Loki couldn’t deny that she was right about that. Blond and big was definitely his type, and he supposed that he could stay a little while longer, just to find out if this guy was any good.There was a tedious amount of waiting around, but then it was finally time for the show to start. Everyone seemed to be getting more excited, and Loki glanced over at Amora right before one of the commentators spoke up, welcoming everyone to Monday Night Raw. Loki had about a second to wonder why it was even called that before some loud music started, and the people around him started screaming. All of them were standing up, and Amora pulled on his arm to make him get up as well.“That’s him!” she said loudly into his ear as the people with signs held them up, all desperate to get on camera. “That’s Cap!”Out on stage came a blond man, just like Amora had promised him. His shorts had the American
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Wrestling
Phone Sex
Masturbation
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Bottom Loki
Rimming
Oral Sex
Fluff and Angst
Implied/Referenced Homophobia

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

