Work Text:
Thor's first impression of Jotunheim is in the midst of a battle charge and it was a very poor one indeed. At first glance the realm of the frost giants was nothing but a jagged wasteland, hatefully frigid, rich in nothing but ice, snow, and blue-faced, red-eyed warriors bent on slaughter. As the battle rages Thor is impressed by the stubbornness of the Jotnar; they are hard to injure, tougher to kill, and yield for little else but death. More than once Thor finds himself thinking that truly this is an evil race. What else but hatred could spur them to fight so hard for so little?It's only after - after Laufey's thigh is speared through with Gungnir and his arm shattered by Mjolnir, after a grudging order to surrender is given - that Thor learns that Jotnar have anything other than hatred to call their own.By tradition a tribute must be made, a price paid equal amount to the folly of their defiance of Asgard. While their humbled king watches, the Jotnar lay at Odin's feet first their greatest treasure, the terrible Casket of Ancient Winters. It's to the relief of every Aesir, and to the pain Jotnar to see the casket pass into Odin's hands. The Jotnar vaults are opened and the hoards given over, gold and rubies primarily, rings, armlets, gold chains as long as Thor is tall, and headpieces with great sweeping golden horns. Then the frost giants lay down pelts in three piles even taller than Thor, great rugs of soft fur in colors snow white, ebony, blue-grey and dun. After this follows the bones of the slain animals, ivory columns yet to be carved, smooth and white. It would take a hundred craftsman their whole lifetime to fashion every bone into a priceless artifact.Then comes the slaves, three rows, seven deep, of women finer than Thor would have expected. They are giantesses, still tall, still blue, but shorter and paler than their male companions, and with blue-black hair they've braided elaborately. They wear clothing fashioned from leather and fur that exposes enough skin to show that the swirls and markings on their faces extend down to the rest of their bodies in intriguing patterns. Not a one of them could be called fine or dainty, but their curves are abundant in a way that is pleasing to the right kind of man. Thor spies Volstagg making a poor show of appearing uninterested in them, yet to Thor the women's gazes are off putting. They stare back at their new masters with a level gaze showing no emotion.The women seem to be the end of the tribute, and Thor looks to see if his father is satisfied. Odin's face is still grim, and his one eye gazes across the open, frozen field to meet Laufey's resentful glare.After a moment filled with no sound but the howling of the wind, Laufey lowers his gaze to the ground and gestures with his uninjured arm. The women part and a final gift comes forward.It's another Jotun slave, a man, but small for a race of giants, coming up only to the women's shoulders as he passes between them. Like his female counterparts he has a thick mane of dark hair, but he's left it loose to trail behind him as the wind sifts through it. As he comes to stand before Odin, Thor can see the man is no more than a shade shorter than he. He is not delicate precisely, certainly not to be compared to a highborn Aesir maiden. He is, however, slender and lean in all the ways that Thor himself is broad and heavy. He has long, clever-looking fingers, feet that step silently through the snow, and a sinewy way of moving, graceful and threatening. He is cloaked in white fur secured with a necklace fashioned from a broad curve of gold, and atop his head he wears one of the tall, horned headpieces.His face is sharp and cold, thin lipped and taut with obvious fury. Thor should not find it lovely, but he does, the prominent cheekbones, the lines swooping across his forehead and trailing down from his lips. Thor wants to transform that face, turn that mouth from a thin line into a soft 'o' of pleasure, bow the proud, straight back. Thor's hands ball into fists as the man kneels before Odin, arms spread wide and neck bent down vulnerably in perfect supplication, yet done with such flourish as to seem sarcastic.Odin regards the slave for a long time, before finally he nods. "We are satisfied."Laufey turns his face away from the All-father in futile anguish. The man stands and is led away with the women. Thor's gut twists at seeing him go, but he knows no claim will be laid upon them until they are back on Asgard. He has until tomorrow's feast to convince his father that the man must be his. For all his famed ferocity on the fields of battle, Thor knows that few fear to meet him in a debate. He must win his war against his father's will in much the same way he often does in a fight of fists rather than words, by tiring his opponent with the steadfast refusal to ever admit defeat. A hundred times Odin shakes his head, and a hundred times Thor insists he will accept no tribute other than the slave."Give
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Consent Issues
Master/Slave
Rough Sex
Hair-pulling
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

