Work Text:

 “Once, mankind accepted a simple truth, that they were not alone in this universe. Some worlds man believed to be home to their Gods. Others, they knew to fear. From a realm of cold and darkness came the Frost Giants, threatening to plunge the mortal world into a new ice age. But humanity would not face this threat alone. Our armies drove the Frost Giants back into the heart of their own world. The cost was great. In the end, their king fell. And the source of their power was taken from them. With the last Great War ended, we withdrew from the other worlds and returned home to the Realm Eternal, Asgard. Here we remain as the beacon of hope, shining out across the stars. And though we have fallen into man's myths and legends, it was Asgard and its warriors that brought peace to the universe. But the day will come when one of you will have to defend that peace.” 
Thor relayed Odin’s words in his mind as he made his way to Heimdall along with Loki, Sif, and the Warriors Three. Thor remembered standing next to Loki in the weapons vault when they were children as Odin told them tales of victory in the Great War, and he remembered how much pride he had felt as they ran to follow their father. He was Asgard’s saviour. Thor’s hero. Now, they were no longer children but men grown into their bodies – Thor into his bulging muscles for strength, Loki into his lean taut muscles for agility. Now they rode side-by side, as close as their horses could get. Now, it was time to do what he once did, to make him proud. As they approached Heimdall, Loki whispered to him confidently, “Let me handle this.”“Good Heimdall,” Loki nodded.“You’re not dressed warmly enough.”“I’m sorry?” Loki looked slightly flustered.“You think you can deceive me?”“You must be mistaken…”The others watched curiously, but seeing that it was getting them nowhere, Thor stepped in, “Enough! Heimdall, may we pass?”“Never has an enemy escaped my watch until this day. I want to know how it happened.”Thor made his way past Heimdall, tossing lightly over his shoulder, “And tell no one where we have gone until we have returned!”Sif, Hogun, and Fandral followed close behind when Heimdall made no move to stop them.  Loki stood frozen in place, and his jaw tightened when Volstagg murmured to him “Silver tongue turned to lead?”Trying immensely not to stab him right then and there, Loki tails the rest of the group as they make their way to Jotunheim.  Upon landing, Loki could already tell there was something wrong. He was fairing the temperature difference better than the rest of the group, who had shaky, visible breaths escaping their lips. Secretly, he scoffed at Heimdall’s previous warning. On a side note, Loki rather liked the frost gathering on Volstagg’s beard and Fandral’s neatly trimmed moustache, as it made them look absolutely absurd.“We shouldn’t be here,” Hogun stated, as pessimistic as he always was.Thor seemed to pay no attention, “Let’s move.” Thor grasped Loki’s hand, tugging him closer. As Thor was decidedly always their leader, they followed wordlessly. The only sounds came from crumbling snow and ice around them, and the soft crunch of their footsteps.Sif was the first to grow impatient, as always. “Where are they?”“Hiding. That’s what cowards always do,” replied Thor confidently.  Again, Loki was uncomfortable. He thought he could… feel the ground. As if it had a heartbeat. Suddenly, a low, rumbling voice broke the air, “You’ve come a long way to die, Asgardians.”“I am Thor Odinson –"“We know who you are,” interrupted the deep drawl of King Laufey. “How did your people get into Asgard?” Thor demanded.“The house of Odin is full of liars...” Laufey sneered.“Do not disgrace our father's name with your lies!”“Your father is a murderer and a thief! And why have you come? To talk of peace? You long for battle, you crave it! You're nothing more than a boy trying to prove himself a man!” Laufey’s voice sent ice daggers flying at Thor, who was needless to say, extremely angered. Thor had adrenaline rushing through his veins; his grip on Mjolnir was turning his knuckles bone-white.Loki’s soothing voice disrupted Thor’s murderous thoughts, “Thor, stop and think. Look around you, we're outnumbered...”“Know your place, brother!” Thor hissed, though immediately regretting his harsh tone as he saw Loki recoil the slightest bit.“You don't know what your actions would bring about... I do. Go now, while I still allow it,” Laufey offered, his voice baiting Thor.“We will accept your most gracious offer. Come on, brother,” Loki says quickly, restraining Thor sternly, but lovingly.Laufey has waited for the perfect moment; as they turn, he taunts Thor once more, “Run back home, little princess…”“Damn,” Loki mutters under his breath. So close.As Thor smashes down a Jotun sentry, he challenges Laufey to send more. “Next?”Immediately, they are swarmed with sentries from all angles, and the group quickly breaks off to keep them at bay. Sif and Fandral are slicing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Marriage
Mpreg
Birth
Crack
Fluff
BAMF!Loki
Domestic

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

