Chapter 1: Let There Be Light: Genesis 1
    




Chapter Text
Dani had always believed in Skye, encouraged her, and told her she would find a family one day. The little girl slumped against the wall. She had failed Dani. She was a bad kid.‘God help the girl,’ the words spun in her mind. ‘I’ll get hold of St Lucia’s and see if they have any beds.’ Dani didn’t know Skye was crouching right outside the door of Sister Olive’s office. Through the crack she could see the Sister remove her reading glasses and rub her brow in a distressed fashion.Skye had known what her 8th birthday would mean. She was getting too old now. They were moving her to the big kid’s orphanage. Nobody would want her now. The small, cute kids never stayed more than a couple of months, they were the ones the mommies and daddies wanted. She didn’t feel old though, most of the time. Especially when nuns treated her like a baby, like she didn’t understand things, but Skye understood a lot of things.She understood that her parent’s had left her here. Her real parents, that is. They hadn’t wanted her, she knew that much. She’d had a lot of foster parents since then. 4 very different families that had promised to be hers. The Sutters, the Arbenchevs, the Hardys, and the Evans. No matter how good she tried to be she always ended up back at St Agnes. ‘Not a good fit.’ ‘Bad kid.’ Skye didn’t like to think about them, especially the Evans. Skye’s chest suddenly felt very tight and hot, tears pricking her eyes, blurring her vision. She didn’t like to think about it, any of it. ‘Deep breathing, Cory. Breathe through it.’ Dr Patel still called her Cory sometimes, she was fed up with correcting him, he apologised every time but she knew he didn’t mean it. ‘Cory Sutter’, that’s how people knew her, and Skye hated it.She wiped away her tears. She didn’t need any of the other kids teasing her about her red-rimmed eyes, so she plodded up to her room to get away from them all. The screaming and crying was distracting anyway. She wasn’t meant to be in there at this time; on weekend afternoons everyone had to go play on the ground floor where the nuns could keep an eye on them. She’d get told off if they found her but Skye didn’t care, not anymore.The room was expansive, long, blank walls, with 2 windows at the end. The only furniture was the beds, lined up on either side of the room, with a chest for the girl’s things at the foot of each. The rooms were all shared by 8 girls, on a floor with 5 rooms. 38 girls all under 8 years old, and then there was just Skye and Rosie. Skye was the second eldest in her room. Rosie was older but Skye never really counted her, because Rosie had a mom, she just couldn’t live with her right now. Rosie was always going on about how much her mommy loved her. Skye didn’t like her, she always boasted and took things without asking. It didn’t matter anymore though; they would both be leaving soon.The little girl shuffled over to her bed and stuck her hand under the frame, tugging her Gameboy free from where it was tucked under one of the beams. Clambering onto her creaking mattress, she pulled up her knees and pressed the on button. None of the other kids had their own Gameboy, because Skye had found it broken under a bookcase in the playroom, and fixed it. She didn’t play with it except in private, one of the other girls might steal it.Skye curled up and concentrated on the little man in red skidding across her screen and let the tears begin to fall, blurring her sight. How come a mean girl like Rosie got a mommy and Skye didn’t? Maybe Skye really was a too much of a bad kid to deserve one…  
(2 weeks later)
 May was sat at the edge of their bed, staring off into space, calculating possibilities, her face pinched with nervousness.Phil emerged from the bathroom, top button undone, and tie in hand. He sensed her discomforted and smiled sadly, “Nothing’s set in stone you know, Mel. We’ll just have to see how today goes.”Melinda turned to face him, her eyes meeting his, teeth gritted, “I do want this. I just…”“Don’t like the lack of control?” Phil slung his tie round his neck and sat down beside her, the bed dipping under their combined weight.May tilted her head at him questioningly, then decided he was right, mostly. Her hands went instinctively to his collar, buttoning it up, and taking either end of his tie, she began to loop the material into place. “I want this, but I’m just thinking, what if she doesn’t?”Coulson furrowed his brow as he gently took Melinda’s hand where she was finishing fixing his collar. It wasn’t often she voiced her concerns so blatantly like this. “You don’t give yourself enough credit. You’re a wonderful mother. Clint said so, and I know Katie thinks it too.”Melinda smiled at the thought of Clint telling Phil that, but her face quickly fell, “This is different, Phil. Kate and Clint were teenagers when they came to us. They’re both all grown up now. This little girl, she’s going to need more from me than Clint
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Adoption
Found Family
AU
in which may and coulson are skye's parents
St Agnes
Mom May
dad phil
Kid Fic
Kid Skye - Freeform
foster
Additional Warnings Apply
Warnings May Change
Past Child Abuse
Explicit Language
theres references to 4 different names
Mary Sue Poots
cory sutter
Skye - Freeform
daisy coulson

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop & Natasha Romanov

