Work Text:
“I thought you were dead,” says the man who claims to be Steve, and Bucky blinks, blinks again. He sounds like Steve, so sincere you could chip a tooth on it, but Bucky’s learned better than to trust the voices filtering in and out—he looks like Steve too, face familiar in Bucky’s clearing vision, except…“I thought you were smaller,” Bucky says, and it comes out sounding horrified, because, well. Because it’s horrifying, a little, riding the edge of death only to be pulled from its maw by a bulked-up version of your best friend, whose memory you’ve been holding onto as something solid, something real. Maybe this is some kind of new torture method, hiring a ringer—no, not logical. Could be in his head; they’ve certainly gone down that road once or twice.Steve—if he’s Steve—looks hurt and sorry and scared and fierce, which Bucky figures is about right. That’s how he’d expect Steve to look when confronted with the harsh reality of war; hell, he’d been glad, selfishly, when Steve was turned away back in Brooklyn. Concerns for his life aside, Bucky couldn’t help but wonder if the whole business would break the guy, all those big ideals packed away into that little body. He had to’ve been riding the edge of that anyway, the life he’d lived, the one he’d have to get on with living—but then again, there’s this guy now, so maybe not. “What happened to you,” Bucky chokes out, ragged, as he’s dragged down the hall.“I joined the Army,” Steve says, bright with false innocence, and oh, yeah, that’s him alright. —When they were kids—well, no, that’s a hard path to walk. They were kids twice, Bucky and Steve, same way they weren’t kids at all; there was an orphanage the first time and a crash the second, and either way, they were always too young. First time ‘round, Bucky rescued Steve like it was a job description, pulling him out of back alleys and front halls, patching him up with small hands and even smaller comfort to offer. Second time through, it was Steve saving Bucky, playing the sympathy card and ingratiating himself in the right places, making damn sure they didn’t go hungry. He still got himself roughed up in alleys, of course—some days, Bucky’s still sure Steve’s got a death wish—but the between-time he spent sweeping storefronts and swaddling babies, smiling and smiling, never asking for anything and getting it anyway, eventually. Bucky never did get good at playing people, not the way Steve does, but that’s the thing: Steve’s never been playing. Twelve years the whole damn country starved, and Steve didn’t steal so much as a loaf of bread. There’s a lot of things you can say about a guy like that; it’s not like he needed the muscle to back ‘em up. Bucky thinks that’s the worst part, actually. He knows Steve thinks he’s jealous, and maybe he is, a little—stacking yourself up against a man like Steve Rogers is always a losing battle, but at least back in Brooklyn, Bucky’d had a little bit of an edge. Steve was the better person, but Bucky was the stronger punch, and so it evened out more than it didn’t. It’s not that Bucky liked to see Steve bleeding, of course—it’s not like it didn’t kill him every time, not like he didn’t worry himself sick about it. It’s not like he didn’t lay awake every night on that steamer that ferried him across the Atlantic, praying to gods he’d never believed in that Steve wouldn’t get himself killed.But people look at Steve now and see him, and that’s…Bucky knows it shouldn’t make him angry, knows that it’s not anybody’s fault. Howard Stark, with his clipped accent and his sharply rationed attention, isn’t to blame for all the people who passed Steve by before; Peggy Carter, with her kind eyes and killer right hook, isn’t every dame Bucky ever watched push Steve aside. It’s not their fault that Bucky looks at them and thinks Pal, you’ve got no idea; it’s not their fault that Bucky looks at them and thinks, Fuck you, I got here first.He does think it, though. He thinks it every time. Maybe it’s better, letting Steve stare him down and see jealously in his eyes—it’s not the truth, but it’s close enough, and hey, they’ve always rescued each other. —Here’s something they never tell you about pitching to your death: the windspeed is a real killer. Bucky windmills his arms against empty air and feels the skin pull back from his face, rippling with free-fall. It’s not fair, because if he could catch his breath, there’s things he’d like to say: Don’t blame yourself and Don’t forget about me, I’ll miss you and Don’t you dare miss me, Keep an eye on yourself and Fuck, Steve, I’m so sorry. (And there’s the other thing, too, that he’d choke out if the fall wasn’t silencing him. It needs saying, and it’s not like it would matter now—be pretty damn hard, wouldn’t it, to throw a dead man in jail.)—Bucky wakes up. There’s metal where his left arm used to be, and not a damn thing anyone tells him comes as a surprise. Oh, it should, there’s no question of that: “Johann Schmidt left you post
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

