Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bruce wasn’t sure what to expect, after the Red Vines - and he always felt strange, having that as the name attached to what had happened when Clint had talked with him. There was a part of him that wanted to change the title, to something more appropriate, like when Clint had opened up to him, spilled his soul to him, but then it felt like they were the protagonists in some strange Nicholas Sparks novel. 
He was not surprised that Clint remained elusive for the next few days. He was surprised when the archer walked into the lab, apologetic looking, with a bag full of Thai food instead of dropping it down from an air duct in the ceiling. “JARVIS said you hadn’t been out in a while and had run out of peanut butter,” Clint said, opening the desk drawer where he knew Bruce kept some plates. 
“Huh,” said Bruce - he was always surprised what information the AI offered up about people. Though he supposed that his falling out with the empty peanut butter jar had been spectacular enough to warrant mentioning. “Pad Thai?” 
“And panang,” said Clint. “And Kanya said they make a really good jungle curry, so I thought we could give that a try.”
“Kanya? You’re on a first name basis with the-”
“I don’t really cook,” Clint said, opening up the takeout boxes and releasing the perfect, fragrant smells into the air. Bruce sighed.
“Thanks,” he said, picking up a spring roll and taking a container of dipping sauce.
“Sure,” Clint said. They ate in silence for awhile - Bruce was sure that Clint was having the same problem that he was, which was, what do you say, in this situation? None of it seemed really adequate. It made Bruce wish, possibly for the first time, that he was Thor - I am very sorry to only now find out that you and the Son of Coul were shield brothers for some time, Clint, he said, wrapping Clint into one of his deep hugs. I understand why you mourn so, for he must have been an appreciative and considerate lover. Bruce felt bad, but he primarily categorized Thor as a Muppet. 
“Natasha made me an appointment with a psychiatrist not at SHIELD,” Clint said, slowly. “He gave me sleeping pills, and switched me to ativan.”
“What did you tell him you did for a living?” Bruce asked.
Clint grinned. “Stunt performer in movies,” he said. “Sort of explains the medical history.” 
“It would,” Bruce replied, suddenly aware of the dark circles under Clint’s eyes. “Sometimes you need a chemical to run a little interference,” he said. Clint arched an eyebrow, and Bruce looked down. “Hulk eats that stuff like M&Ms,” he mumbled - because he knew Clint knew, someone had to have told him about Bruce’s admission in the lab on the Helicarrier. 
“It’s a good mental image,” Clint said. “Hulk want all the drugs!”
“He talks like an internet fandom meme?” Bruce replied, and the smile that almost spread across Clint’s lips was a genuine one.
“Yes,” Clint said. “Yes, he does.” He picked up some pad thai with his fork and cocked his head at Bruce. “So. Both of my Mandatory Counselors said that I need to get out more. Besides saving the world.” Bruce nodded - it was reasonable advice, he supposed, considering they probably didn’t know about Clint’s recent decision to inhabit the air ducts. “So...” He glanced down.
Oh, thought Bruce, and supposed it made sense - they were, sort of, friends. If he had to list, like a fifth grade girl, who he was closest to in the Avengers, Clint would follow Tony. And yet most of it had been based on silent communication and a mutual - what, exactly? - before the other day, when... “Clint,” said Bruce, and it felt odd to say his name. “Would you like to go see the movie about the Scottish-”
“Oh, Brave?” Clint said, trying to be nonchalant. “Yeah, if you don’t...I mean, it’s a kids movie, but it’s...”
“I like the Pixar movies,” Bruce replied. “It opens on Friday, right?” Clint nodded, and Bruce nodded, and looked back down at his curry. Huh, he thought, so what was that? A friend, doing something with their friend - it was what adults did, right? All of those people who went to go see movies had to have companions, of some sort, if they weren’t...dates. Which this obviously wasn’t - because. 
Still, it had been years since Bruce had gone to a movie - anything he had wanted to see, before this, Tony had got a hold of and they had watched it in the movie theater room he had. I thought it would have the chairs, Steve had said, and Tony had looked at him, and then at the plush leather couches and recliners, and just shook his head.  
“Great,” said Clint. “It’s about an archer. And bears.” Bruce just smiled at him. 
At Brave, they sat next to each other in the large multiplex near Union Square, each with their own buckets of popcorn and soda. The movie was enjoyable, and, as they went back to the tower, Bruce listened as Clint discussed how pleased he was with the accurate portrayal of archery in the movie. 
The next week they were all whisked to Guangzhou, where The Host became reality and a w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson (past)

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Dating
Past Clint/Coulson
Nest Bed
Avengers Birthday Party
Dealing with Major Character Death

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson (past)

