Work Text:

The first time his family forgets, Loki is still a child.
He stands of a height with his mother's waist, and he is a vibrant creature. He is quicksilver cunning, in constant motion, all wide green eyes and clever fingers and a crescent moon grin. Already, he is talented with magic. Already, his tutors exchange glances over his head and scold the boy for leaving illusions in his place to sneak out during dull lessons.
He has asked Father for a book that is not in the library, told him with the excited chatter of a talkative child of this tome said to come from Alfheim, of the famed author, of the unusual spell structure discussed in its pages. With the confidence of the very young, he has not noticed that his words were not heeded- that the king of Asgard has more important things to pay attention to than his second son.

On the anniversary of Loki's birth, a feast is held in Father's hall. This, he thinks, is as it should be: this is as it is every year, with lively music on the harp, with men and women dancing, with all his favorite foods. Except this year the foods are not the ones he prefers, after all, but those favored by his brother. And the music is not harp music but the blaring of horns. And when Father calls attention to the assembled throng to give a speech for the occasion, he does not mention Loki at all.

He proclaims the meal in honor of Thor's prowess as a warrior. He announces that the firstborn prince has bested his training instructor this day.

The boar meat, spicy and rich on Loki's tongue, is suddenly tasteless. He puts his fork down amidst the wave of applause that floods the hall; he watches as his brother, golden and triumphant, stands to accept his congratulations. The child thinks, perhaps, that this is some ruse. His family, too, scolds him for his pranks, and perhaps they have decided to show him what it is like to be on the receiving end.

But the jest, if jest it is, grows long. Father and Mother surround Thor with an embrace, speak words of pride, and members of the court stand, one by one, to offer blessings and encouragement. Father sits, as do Mother and Thor, and the meal continues; the horns play on.

Loki does not truly believe they have forgotten until Father sends him off to bed; young as he is, he is not yet allowed to feast through to the dawn, as the warriors will. He moves slowly for the doors, waiting to be called back- for Mother, surely, will know that this has gone on long enough. He wishes for her to stroke his hair as she sometimes does, for her to see that this is amusing no longer. She must know, he thinks, that he is genuinely hurt.

But when Loki glances back, she is laughing with Father, and her hand is upon Thor's, clasped tightly with love.

He stumbles blindly from the hall, grateful when the noise is left behind him. It is a simple matter to disappear, to cloak himself in magic- for a prince of Asgard must not walk the palace pathways in tears. It is not seemly.

But Loki does not want to return to his chambers. With a sudden intense longing, he does not want to be alone.

The feast will go on for all the night, though- this the boy knows. His family will be there until the final hours, partaking of savory foods and decadent desserts. The kitchen will be overrun with them, one course after the next, each more tantalizing than the one before. That is what gives him the idea: the image that comes into his mind of the kitchen, a room bustling and warm, filled with desserts not yet presented.

It is a simple enough task to slip in by the servant's entrance. It is simpler still to find a cake unattended, a moist, dark honey cake of the kind he favors. Loki extends his magic to keep it, too, from prying eyes, lifts it carefully in small arms, and begins the long walk back to his chambers.

He has not done anything like this before, he realizes as he sets the cake upon his writing desk. It will be difficult, but he thinks that he can do it- because he does not wish to be alone, not here in his bedchamber while Mother and Father and Thor forget him.
Loki is a child, but Loki is a clever child; magic comes to him the way birds come to those who offer scraps of bread. He has not ever made an illusion so complex before, but he makes one now: Father's beard, perfectly white, the folds of Mother's gown, the way Thor grins, friendly and inviting. He has never needed to touch the false images he creates, and so never before has he crafted one with the power to be felt, but he thinks he knows how it can be done. He need only reach farther, give more of himself- and so he does. He pours his magic into the task with painful earnestness, turns all his loving care to each detail.
And when Father embraces him, he thinks that the exhaustion he feels already is worth it. When Thor slings a careless arm about his shoulder, mindless strength such that he nearly knocks Loki down, he does not mind at all. When Mother strokes his hair the way she sometimes does, Lok
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Family
Dysfunctional Family
Neglect
Friendship
Angst
Birthday
Pre-Slash
Prompt Fic
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

