Work Text:
“You’ve got that look in your eyes Steve. What do you want?” Bucky asks, lounging nearly fully dressed on the bed, fully aware that while Steve says he’s sketching him, the blond’s pencil hasn’t moved in a minute and his eyes are glued to Bucky’s crotch.Steve blinks out of his trance. “You.” His tongue darts out to wet his lips.“You’ve already got me here, modellin’ for you. Be a little more specific, darling,” with the last word, Bucky starts the game. “I-I want your cock,” Steve says quietly, gaze dropping to the ground “Sorry, what was that?” Bucky requests expectantly, sitting up. Steve should be well-trained enough by now to articulate that much at least without hesitation.“I want your cock,” he repeats obediently at a more regular volume. The tips of his ears are already beginning to turn pink. Bucky finds it as charming ever. “You want it in your mouth? That why you look so hungry?” he keeps his tone conversational.Steve swallows and he nods without looking up. Bucky can see the tension in his thin arms. He holds his sketchbook like it can shield him from shedding his dignity as fast. Too bad Bucky likes seeing him flustered. “Put the sketchbook down sweetheart.” He waits until Steve obeys. “Now let’s try that again. Use your words.”“Yes.” Empty hands clasp nervously together over his lap. Beneath them, he’s sure Steve is firming up in his pants.“Yes, what? What do you want,” he prompts patiently.“Yes. I want to – I want you in my mouth.”“There now, that wasn’t that hard was it?” he praises. “Take off your shirt and get on your knees darling.”Shyly stripping, Steve gets into place, his speed betraying his eagerness. Bucky makes him wait, stretching languidly before getting off the bed to circle him, coolly evaluating. "Show me what you want,” he requests, tracing Steve’s lower lip with his thumb. He presses in and Steve suckles at it with his eyes closed, like he’s savouring the feel. “Look up at me,” Bucky says softly. He likes seeing the innocent blues and isn't disappointed when they peek up him through long lashes. It makes him think of the ladies in the moving pictures, and that reminds him of a surprise he'd been saving for one of these occasions.“You know, you got some real pretty lips,” he begins. “You wanna wrap them around my cock?”Steve mms in agreement and releases Bucky’s finger for a moment to ask. “Can I?”“Sure can.” Steve leans forward, heading for the front of Bucky’s pants. “But you gotta do just one little thing for me first." Steve pauses, waiting for instruction.“As pretty as you are, sometimes, I miss seeing a ladylike mouth on me,” he explains. “I got a fix for that though.”Steve’s brow furrows. “What’s that supposed to mean?”“Exactly what I said,” Bucky digs into the bedside table and holds out a small tube. Steve stares at the offering. Slowly, he asks. “Is that lipstick?”“Sure is. Put it on and then you can suck me,” he makes it sound like it’s an everyday request. Seeing Steve’s jaw setting, he feigns concern. “That a problem?”“I’m not a dame, Buck,” Steve bites out. “I know. You get paint on you all the time though. What’s a little bit on purpose?”“That’s – this is different!” Steve frowns.“C’mon Stevie, do it for me?” he challenges. Their eyes meet, a battle of wills fought in a staring match. Bucky wins. Growling, Steve grabs the lipstick and stalks off to the mirror. Bucky ambles over to stand behind him. He watches him uncap the tube and glare at contents. The lipstick’s a gentle red. It’s not a garish shade; it’ll go along with Steve’s pale colouring well. The tip is new and unused.“Buck, did you buy this?” Steve sounds incredulous. “Of course, had to make sure it’d suit you. Can’t have my sweetheart lookin’ like a clown. You didn’t think I’d give you a ladyfriend’s castoff did you?” He lets Steve digest that for a moment before infusing a little steel in his voice. “Now paint those pretty lips for me.”Steve raises his hand on automatic, holding the makeup just shy of the point of no return. He glances at Bucky over his shoulder to check again, that he really has to do this. Seeing the certainty of his partner’s nod, he finally gets to it. From the start, Bucky can tell Steve’s not sure what he’s doing. He doesn’t realize he should make an ‘o’ with his mouth to apply the lipstick until he’s reaches the corners. That’s alright though, it’s understandable. This is alien territory for Steve. He’s never had to fix a sister’s makeup like Bucky has. It’s enough that Steve knows how to colour within the lines. That Steve is doing this to please him. The pigmentation across is slightly uneven by the time he’s done, but whether from experience painting or nervousness, he’s been light handed enough that the tricky edges of the oval haven’t turned into garish blobs. He seems dissatisfied though, reddened lips closing up and beginning to curve down. Bucky sees him unsure of whether to cap the tube or apply more. Bucky knows how to fix it and takes the colour away, dropp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Face Slapping
Lipstick & Lip Gloss
Feminization
Endearments
Restraints
Dirty Talk
Humiliation
Come Eating
Rimming
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Begging
Verbal Humiliation
zero Daddy kink
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
blushing Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Name-Calling
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Deepthroating

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

