Work Text:
“Remind me what you two ladies are fighting about again?”Tony thinks that on comms during a surveillance op is not the best time for Clint to get nosey, and apparently Steve agrees when he says, “Stow it, Hawkeye,” which is about as rude as he ever gets. Clint’s been working both of their last nerves, and considering they were already on each other’s, Steve’s being a little snappish.“Was it not that Tony misunderstood the purpose of the curse receptacle?” Thor offers. He can’t ever leave a question unanswered, it’s like a thing with him. “Swear jar,” Natasha corrects him.“Can we have a little focus?” Steve insists.“I didn’t misunderstand,” Tony snaps.“We’re not doing this now.”“I simply made things easier-”“Iron Man, quit the chatter.” Steve sounds exceptionally peeved and Tony grimaces, hates that high school principal thing Steve has in his voice when he really gets going.“Can I point out that I didn’t start this.”“You did though,” Clint says, obviously not done with his poking.  “Yes, okay, I started that but not this, not the on-mission sniping match.”“You’re going to end it by shutting up. Now isn’t the-”“Are we really worried about a Loki minion named Lewis?” Tony sighs. They’ve been waiting outside a reported secret hideout, or more accurately their target’s mother’s house for an hour now and there’s no signs of life. Tony is dubious at best about the intel on this one. He’s also never been a big fan of stakeouts, he’s just not built for waiting around.“My brother is known for his silver tongue on Asgard. I do not doubt that he would gather impressive allies to his cause.”“This guy is going to have a retainer and a pocket protector s’all I’m saying,” Tony insists. “We’re going to feel pretty dumb overdoing it on the big guns by a guy that could be taken down by Agent Coulson’s six year old niece.”“Stark.” Tony’s not sure how the man can inject so much menace into a single syllable. “Are you dragging my family, that you are not authorized to know about, into your argument?”“Sleep with one eye open, big guy,” Clint cackles, apparently happy to point someone’s ire at him, it seems it didn’t matter whose.“I looked them up because I was making a... Christmas card list? Totally Pepper’s idea,” Tony says and she had said something about acknowledging other people’s important stuff as well as his own, or at least acknowledging that other people had important stuff. Tony might have interpreted that in his own special way.“Can we get back to what we’re supposed to be doing?” Steve bites out.“Indeed. We must return to our original point. How is it you dishonored this swear jar?” Thor says. Tony is starting to suspect that Thor sometimes plays dumb just for his own amusement.  “He tossed one of his credit cards in the jar,” Natasha says. “Natasha,” Steve says, sounding pained. She’s usually his hold-out, the one that doesn’t involve herself in the bickering. “It was more efficient,” Tony says. “That way you could just charge me when I swear whenever I damn well please.”There’s stunned silence for a few beats and then Steve says, “Alright, that’s-”“Movement,” Coulson snaps, and there is. A thin, scruffy-looking kid emerges from the front door, carrying a large green box. “Retainer, I knew it,” Tony hisses, feeling vindicated and heading in. He can hear three, maybe four voices at once telling him to pull back dammit, what the hell does he think he’s doing but this guy looks like a stiff breeze could push him over and a little Iron Man hovering and missile waving will set him back on the straight and narrow, quick smart. Over the hollering, Tony says, “You’ll thank me when we’re back at HQ in time for-”That’s when the kid holds up the green box, says, “May you live in interesting times,” and there is a blinding flash and then nothing.

*
Tony comes to with a lurch.He’s out of the armor, so someone’s pried him free and he’s wondering how much damage that will mean, especially if it was Bruce, when a heavy arm lands on his torso. Tony loses all his air in a rush and is wheezing with someone saying, “Sorry, sorry, are you okay?”Tony looks sideways and sees it’s Steve, bats at his questing hands while still trying to convince his lungs to re-inflate when something occurs to him.He’s in bed. He’s naked.Steve’s there.“What the fuck?” Tony squeaks and in rearing backwards, tips over the edge of the bed. He’s caught before he hits the floor by the tangle of sheets so he’s left hanging with his head down and feet up, scrabbling for purchase. “Urgh, help,” he manages.Steve reels him back onto the bed, using the twisted sheet. He’s blinking owlishly, half his hair sticking up and a crease down his face which looks like a pillow mark. “That was spectacularly slapstick of you,” Steve observes, watching Tony fuss around with the sheets to make sure the entirety of his body is covered while not revealing any more of Steve’s. He’s pretty sure Steve is naked too which... Tony thinks maybe he can smell burning rubber and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Accidental Marriage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

