Work Text:
Tony Stark was pretty sure he was the luckiest person in the whole wide world. First, there was his nurturing, caring and all-around wonderful dad. Then, Afghanistan. To top that off, Obi. Then the whole palladium poisoning thing. Oh, and Pepper broke up with him six months ago. He can’t really remember the two months after that, thanks to the copious amounts of alcohol. He hadn’t even minded that he had been benched by good ol’ Nick Fury. And now, he was stuck under a building with Captain America of all people. His childhood crush, who thought he was an immature, reckless idiot with no regard for anyone except himself. To be exact, they were four levels underground in the garage of a building ninety fucking stories high. Which had collapsed. Oh, he was so fucking lucky.   “Sir,” JARVIS intoned. Tony can hear the worry in the AI’s voice. Oh, this must be good. “I have some bad news for you.” “Something worse than me being stuck here with Capsicle for the next six hours for the very least?” It was just his luck that the area he and Cap were in was preventing the entire collapsed structure from caving in. And Hulk, Thor and Barton were in California at the moment, dealing with some robots that decided to attack Hollywood (a nice change from New York City, actually). Natasha was kicking some major ass right now, coordinating the rescue work which was going like, super slowly. “Oh, hit me, JARVIS. Come on.” “This month is supposed to be your scheduled, uh,” JARVIS hesitated. Oh, this was going to be really, really good, “heat release month.” Oh, fuckity fuck. That did it. As if being an Omega head of one of the most powerful companies in the world wasn’t enough. As if being an Omega superhero wasn’t enough.   Now, he was about to go into heat. The suppressant pills were awesome shit, but every twelve months, the heat was allowed to take place. Something about chemical balances in the body needing to be restored. He was so going to sue those companies. And fund some research that was actually going to be useful. But now, at least he knew why he had been feeling particularly antsy for the past hour. He had attributed it to the fact that this situation was reminiscent of Afghanistan, but apparently, that wasn’t the reason. “How long till it begins, JARVIS?” Tony rested his head against the wall wearily. He wasn’t hopeful. The scheduled heat release always snuck up and pounced like a well-camouflaged predator on unsuspecting prey. That was why all Omegas who took the suppressants calculated the day it would take place to the tee. Except genius superhero Omegas who had forgotten the day they last took the pill. “Half an hour, sir.” “Fuck.” Tony let his head clunk against the wall again. At least the suit was designed to contain his pheromones. Now, he was wishing that he’d somehow managed to fit in a huge-ass dildo as well. Noted, he thought. Next upgrade. “Tony?” Steve crawled over. “Everything okay?” 
Fuck no. 

 
It was so not helping that Tony used to lock himself in his room and sink down on huge-ass dildos imagining that it was Captain America inside him. “You’re going into heat.” Steve said softly. Sympathetically. Oh great. Super soldier had super Alpha senses then. “Scheduled heat release from my suppressants, actually. The suppressants were invented – “ “Clint told me about them. So it’s going to be a bad one, right?”   Tony paused. Jesus, he hadn’t even noticed that he had been inching towards Steve. They were almost touching now. “Yes,” Tony sighed. “Very bad.” He was beginning to feel his glands tingling. He squirmed slightly in the suit. “Oh.” “Yeah.” They were silent for a long while. “I am sorry about what I said… you know, when we first met.” Tony narrowed his eyes and lowered volume of the music blasting in his suit. “I don’t need your sympathy just because I’m an Omega.” “I truly am. It was uncalled for.” “Whatever.” The brusque reply Tony was aiming for was kind of negated by the husky tone his voice had taken on. Steve was smelling particularly good now, and Tony’s skin was becoming heated and sensitive. He could feel his shirt chafing against his nipples, and his pants rubbing against his genitals. “JARVIS,” he said in an undertone, “Air filtration systems up to the maximum.” “I’m afraid it was damaged during the collapse of the building when you were struck by that beam, sir.” “Fuck.” Tony slammed his fist on the ground. He tried to prevent himself from cuddling up to his very Alpha childhood hero (who was the perfect male specimen kind, caring, noble, gloriously handsome and helped old ladies and kittens cross the road) and asking him to fuck him. Oh, and whom he had been in love with since… forever. “Tony,” Steve said uncertainly. “What can I do?” “Nothing,” Tony snarled. Snarling was better than moaning. He resisted the urge to reach down to palm his now-erect cock – not that it would work, since he was in the suit. “I am fine.” Tony was suddenly assailed by the memory of Afghani
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

