Work Text:
If size doesn’t matter,why don’t they make 4” dildos?The wind rushed beneath the dragon’s wings and he produced another roar, the resonant sound emanating from the depths of his gargantuan reptilian chest. The storm over the countryside intensified at his beckoning: he watched with cool satisfaction as the clouds grew darker and a rapid-fire sequence of six bolts of lightning struck in and around the township just a mile from his mountain.Thor chuckled darkly; he could hear the screams from up here.He banked right and descended upon a rocky outcropping overlooking the landscape. The force of his weighty landing sent plumes of dust high, high into the air above. Some of it settled back down onto his glimmering, sunny sandstone scales. He shook it off and released his freshly caught cow from his talons. It fell to the ground in a limp heap.Thor changed his form to somewhere middling between human and full dragon. His new eyes had keener sight, and he craned his head forward to spy all the little things that escaped his notice in his full, true form.But beyond the terror still plaguing the town, he saw little of interest. He sighed, feeling lonesome. His lair and tower had been empty of a prince/ss for nigh on three years now. Amora would only play princess if he paid her and then she was a disappointing actress, Baldr would only do it on Thor’s birthday, and otherwise Thor had found no other princess-type person attractive and companionable (or consenting) enough to take into his tower.It was such a pity, for Thor had many fine gowns and dresses in his hoard on the mountaintop. Of such rare fabric and exquisite detail, they had been stolen from gilded carriages, or carefully pulled from fresh corpses of noblewomen and queens; they deserved to be worn. Thor’s tail drooped as he imagined what the moths must be doing to all of that fine lace.As he sulked, some movement in a clearing below drew Thor’s gaze. Then he did a double-take. Could it be? Thor suddenly sat up to attention. A pale and slender man with raven hair. Such fair skin! Such beauteous locks! And that ass!His heart beating a little faster in his chest, Thor unconsciously took a step forward, his talons digging deeply into the cliff’s side for purchase. What willowy, graceful movements! This man was surely neither warrior nor farmhand. He stumbled and Thor’s warming heart melted: definitely unaccustomed to physical labor! A pleasing shiver spread through Thor’s insides.Maybe he also liked dark towers and hated the outdoors. Maybe he liked being protected by big, homicidal, scaly beasts! Maybe his inner traits were as glowing as his face! Maybe he liked to role play! Thor began pacing with excitement.Oh, but his luck simply couldn’t be changing so magnificently in the stroke of a moment. Thor’s glee deflated. The handsome man was probably stupid. Or happily married. Or didn’t like big, homicidal, scaly guardians. With another sigh, Thor chose not to raise his hopes. He closed his eyes and settled down to forget him and bask in the sun.But those dresses did deserve such an ass… The thought of all those poor, gorgeous gowns being smothered in dust made Thor’s heart hurt.He should at least introduce himself to the prospective princess-type person. Then he need never after dwell upon the dreaded ‘what if’.Right. For the dresses.The matter settled, Thor abandoned his shocked cow and began clawing his way down the side of the mountain.~Once upon a time, in a beautiful, faraway land, there was a young sorcerer who wanted to be left the Hel alone, and a dragon with a tower with which to achieve this end. An incredibly tall tower with thick, sturdy walls to keep out all the knights, suitors, and cretins. And the mosquitoes, Loki thought irritably as he rinsed his itchy, bitten legs in the pond.Actually, he had come into possession of such a tower only six months before, but its walls weren’t good enough. Rather, the blasted tower had a door to the outside (what fool builder had designed it like that!?) and no one ever stopped entering by it to bother him. But that was a tale for later.Loki grimaced at the sight of his poor legs. How these awful bugs had marred him! It would be a full month before the redness vanished completely. And then there might be scars! He reached back into his pack for a few packages of herbs, oils, and his mortar and pestle, and began to concoct a soothing salve to stop the itching. And as he did so, a shadow fell over him.Loki turned instantly, his hand going to his dagger. But, oh, it was merely a man staring down at him. Albeit a very tall, brawny, and blond man, staring at him with keen interest. Probably a knight, hero, or witless local. If Loki ignored him, he might just go away.“Greetings, fair lord, I am called Thor. What brings you to these parts?” queried Thor the Man.Loki sighed. He hated small talk.“I am searching for my mother’s grave on the top of the mountain,” Loki lied pleasantly. “Now go away.”“Ah!” Thor sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Romance
Humor
Subverted Fairy Tale Narrative
Hurt/Comfort
Dragon!Thor
Sexual Bargains
Interspecies Sex
Bestiality
Size Difference
Thor calls Loki 'prince/ss'
Because he wants him to be the prince/ss he protects in his tower
Dragon!Thor is precious
They are both evil but in a cute way
Eggpreg
Not really preg because he is solely incubating but to be safe
Mpreg
Pregnancy
Really not kidding about that size difference
Teratophilia
monster kink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

