Work Text:
Clint watched as Thor tore into his fourth shawarma. This one was beef, he was pretty sure, although he thought the last one had been chicken. Whatever kind it was, he was eating it with as much gusto as he'd tackled the first two or three. The rest of them had all stopped. Even Rogers ("Call me Steve," he'd said; Phil was going to be so jealous) was barely picking at his pita bread, but Thor just kept going. It was kind of hypnotic.He blinked, realizing he'd actually closed his eyes for a moment, all the adrenaline that had kept him going gone from his system, and a belly full of food besides. He hadn't really slept when--not since before. There'd been times when Loki hadn't needed him fully conscious, when he'd been left to watch without any other orders, but his eyes had always been open, his body on alert. He hadn't eaten much, either, so it wasn't surprising he'd put away a couple shish-tawooks himself."We should get something to go," he said, as much to keep himself awake as anything else. "Phil won't have eaten anything; I'll order him something," he added, forcing himself to stand up.Every single one of them stared at him, even Thor. At first he thought it was because he'd said "Phil" instead of "Coulson," an indication of just how tired he really was. But then he looked at Natasha's face and sank back into his chair, shaking his head in denial before she could open her perfect mouth and say the words."You didn't tell him?" Stark said, his voice shockingly loud in the quiet restaurant. "I was ordered not to," she said, and that hit him like a punch in the gut. He couldn't breathe for a moment."Exactly what were you ordered not to tell me, Nat?" he forced himself to ask, hoping that maybe, just maybe, it was that Phil was injured. Badly injured, even. He'd quietly bitch and moan, he'd go back to work too soon, but that was okay, that was fine.It was Stark who said it, just two words: "Coulson's dead."Clint swallowed hard. He continued to look at Natasha as he said, "Was it one of mine?""No," she said firmly, shaking her head. "Clint, no. It was Loki.""Still my fault," Clint muttered. "You're sure?" he asked, holding onto hope by his fingernails. "Did you see it?""I did," Thor said, in a surprisingly quiet voice. "My brother stabbed him through the chest, from behind.""You saw him die?" Clint asked, turning to Thor. "Did he say anything?" Not that Phil was the type for dying declarations or anything, but knowing his last words… No, it wouldn't bring any comfort. He'd still like to know, though.Thor shook his head. "Loki released the cage and sent me towards the earth just after. I did not see the Son of Coul's death, but it was a mortal wound.""I'm sorry, Clint," Natasha said softly, putting her hand on his arm, and that was what put him over the edge, got him up and out of his chair and barely through the door before he was puking up every bit of the two shish-tawooks onto the sidewalk outside.He stayed there after he'd brought up everything in his stomach, kneeling on the debris and broken glass. There were tears in his eyes he could pretend to blame on upchucking, and every muscle in his body ached. He couldn't move, couldn't face going back into the restaurant. After a while, someone came through the door and stood next to him. Whoever it was didn't say anything, just clasped his shoulder with a large, warm hand. So, either Steve or Thor. Knowing which one was something he couldn't find a reason to care about.Steve--of course it was Steve--cleared his throat after a few minutes and said, "I know Agent Coulson…I know he was the one with the trading cards and everything, but do you know anything about Bucky Barnes?"It was unexpected enough that it got him up off the ground. He stood and faced Steve, who moved with him so that his hand stayed resting on Clint's shoulder. "He was the sniper on your team," Clint said, his voice rough.Steve nodded. "You remind me of him. He would have liked you."Clint wasn't sure why they were having this conversation, but he couldn't think of any way to stop it."Bucky always had my back, even when we were kids," Steve said. It pissed Clint off, because what the fuck did he care about some guy who died seventy years ago when the person who'd kept him whole and human had died that very day, and he hadn't even known?Then he remembered that it hadn't exactly been seventy years for Steve Rogers. Shit. "He was your best friend, right?" he asked, because Phil would have wanted him to. He tensed, ready to pull away, but the warmth of Steve's hand kept him rooted in place."That's what people thought, yeah," Steve said, looking into his eyes. His grief was so palpable it hurt (hurt even worse) to look at. "Like Coulson and his cellist, I suppose."Clint didn't get the connection and turned away in frustration; Steve lifted his hand slightly, moving with him until he was at Clint's side again, his hand back on Clint's shoulder, solid and warm. "There was no cellist, Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
fixit
Spoilers
Established Relationship
Hurt/Comfort
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers - Freeform
maria hill - Freeform
tony stark - Freeform
Natasha Romanoff - Freeform
Bruce Banner - Freeform
Nick Fury - Freeform
Thor Odinson - Freeform

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

