Work Text:
Tony is a certified genius, he's got the patents and the crowds of adoring fans to prove it, and he's also very good at multitasking. Which is why, when Steve asks, "Tony, do you know what time it is?" Tony startles back, almost falls on his ass, and answers with a coherent and eloquent "Huh?"
In his defense he's been working for a few hours now and, more to the point, had been sure he was alone in the lab. Wasn't Steve supposed to be in DC right now, anyway?
"Aren't you supposed to be in DC right now?" he asks around the screwdriver in his mouth.
Steve frowns. "That was Wednesday. Tony, how long have you been down here?"
Tony tries to count back but he thinks in projects, not hours, and at some point the improvements to Clint's explosive arrows had given him an idea for a new suit-mounted missile and then Bruce had come down with some really interesting projections on improved energy output from the arc reactor (Bruce is a godsend as a lab partner, really; Tony can't remember the last time he's worked with somebody who could actually follow him when he jumped from idea to idea, and even if their fields don't overlap that much Bruce is still amazingly smart and can almost always follow the gist of what Tony is saying, and what kind of idiot would want to waste that amazing brain of his on using Bruce as a blunt weapon, honestly, the stupidity of people is staggering) and he got a bit lost in blueprints and equations and huh, wait, what? "JARVIS, what day is it?"
"Friday the 21st, sir," JARVIS replies and for a moment Tony is so proud of them both that JARVIS actually manages to sound long-suffering. Tony loves being a genius.
"Have you been down here for two days?" Steve, on the other hand, sounds somewhere between horrified and amazed. "Have you eaten or slept at all?"
That would probably explain the headache that's been distracting him for the last few hours. The idea of food sends a lazy wave of nausea through his gut, but a nap would probably help.
"Yeah, good idea," Tony says vaguely and wanders off towards the washroom in the back of the workshop, the memory of Steve's presence displaced by the schematics of the new security system Fury's been pushing for.
The hot shower helps a little and when he wakes up at the workbench there's a keyboard imprint on his cheek, his head and his back are killing him, but some very kind soul has brought him coffee that's actually still warm, along with a sandwich, so he can dive into code without interruptions.
* * *
Tony's worked for longer stretches at a time for far worse reasons; he'd be the first to admit that. Some of his best triumphs as well as some of his worst failures are the result of frantic caffeine-fueled all-nighters. The results vary: there are things like JARVIS in the pro column and his relationship with Pepper in con one, underlined in red and with lots of exclamation marks. There'd been a speech about not being able to watch as he invented new ways to self-destruct and it's not like Tony can blame her, really. He wouldn't want to be in a relationship with Tony Stark, either, especially with the clips of him hugging the nuke still flashing occasionally across TV screens.
Though, really, Pepper aside, it's been surprisingly bearable lately. There are actual people living in his house, well, tower, and though they drive each other insane it actually sort of works, most of the time, with occasional forays into cuckoo land like Bruce lecturing Clint on picking up after himself and Steve leaving eraser debris behind wherever he goes. Bruce and Steve eat enough for five, Clint lives off steaks and some weird sprout things, Natasha can fashion weapons out of everything down to lettuce and who knew Bruce could pull the most incredible pranks without batting an eyelash?
Tony's been trying to keep up, hanging out at the movie nights (and he would have words with Clint about bribing JARVIS to show the Star Wars prequels) and showing up to the team dinners because both Bruce and Steve are more than decent cooks when they put their mind to it and Clint knows the best take-out places in the city, but Tony's the only one of them who has to wrangle two jobs and he's rapidly running of time for, like, everything.
Honestly, it's more like three jobs, what with the "consultations" for SHIELD that are apparently a code for "Fury talking him into developing yet another thing for government use", the actual duties that he has to do for SI, research and PR both, on top of the Avengers business. And that's not even counting the work he does in his free (hah) time, the suit upgrades and maintenance and outfitting the rest of the team. So, really, it's close to four jobs and every time he promises himself a break or just some decent sleep there's Steve dragging him to a Ghostbusters marathon or Bruce showing up with ideas on how to break another inconvenient law of physics, and there's the Maria Stark Foundation gala coming up and Fury's been making noises about d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

