Work Text:
*Erik hates Charles Xavier. It’s not an active kind of dark loathing that cripples the soul – that kind is firmly reserved for bastards like Shaw. Shaw and Xavier have nothing in common, thank God for small mercies. Xavier might be a lot of things, but he doesn’t get off on humiliating others, especially those weaker in some sense than him, like Erik’s old schoolyard tormentor used to do. It’s not much, but it’s something.But Xavier still embodies every single trait that Erik quietly despises – he’s arrogant and entitled as only a trust fund kid with not a care in the world could be, he meddles in other people’s affairs under the guise of helping them, his ego weighs more than he does, and, to cap it all, he’s a goddamn idealist and a general do-gooder.Erik doesn’t hate him, perhaps, but he certainly resents him, can’t stop the viscous crawl of irritation under his skin every time Xavier opens his mouth to sprout some bullshit about world peace or science being the answer to everything.It’s that unyielding, unrelenting resentment that drives Erik as he slams his hips between Xavier’s legs, splayed obscenely wide, tender skin bruising quickly under Erik’s fingers. Erik has no idea whose room this is and only a vague recollection of how they got here, definitely not the first during this mess of a party, and Jesus, the sheets must be disgusting, and Erik sneers as he holds Xavier down, watching him writhe and pant beneath him. Xavier looks desperate and ruined by pleasure as Erik fucks him hard, with no restraint whatsoever, and who knew that prim proper upper-class pretty boys could sound like this?“Harder – you – bastard,” Xavier pants through gritted teeth. “That all – you’ve got?”He’s drunk, Erik thinks even as he rams into the soft body ruthlessly. He’s drunk, they both are, otherwise Erik would have kept his mouth shut when he heard Xavier preach on the importance of research for Medicare. As if the fruit of scientific labor would be automatically handed to those who couldn’t pay for it. As if.Erik tries to stay away from Xavier most of the time, which should be easy, considering Erik is enrolled in the civil engineering program, and Xavier is studying genetics. But apparently 25 thousand students make for a fucking small campus, and even a hermit like Erik can’t help but stumble over the man several times a week.Erik tries to stay away for fear of punching the arrogant asshole one of these days.Apparently, fucking him works, too.*Sometime during the hangover haze of the next day, Erik thinks that the whole thing must have been a drunken hallucination. He couldn’t possibly have lost his head so completely as to fuck Charles Xavier of all people. Erik almost feels offended on behalf of his dick, because to add insult to injury, Xavier is a pretty face on top of everything else, and the last thing Erik needs is for any part of him to acknowledge that.He almost manages to convince himself and even freak out a bit about the unexpected turn of his fantasy life, when he runs into Xavier in his favorite coffeeshop.Xavier catches his eye and blushes to the roots of his hair. The collar of his shirt is askew, a bright mark visible at the base of his delicate, milky white throat. He turns away quickly and hurries off. His gait has none of its usual liquidity.Erik closes his eyes.He’s so very fucked.*It will never happen again, Erik swears. It was a drunken one night stand, nothing more.*Apparently, Xavier doesn’t know what a ‘one night stand’ means, and that’s completely unfair, considering the majority of the student population lovingly refer to him as the university bicycle, though, personally, Erik refuses to offend a perfectly innocent mechanism that he has every respect for by comparing it with the likes of Xavier.Who shows at Erik’s workplace with a Tupperware filled with serniki, of all things, that he’s holding in front of himself like a shield, looking around the small metal workshop as though questioning the sanitary conditions and babbling something about getting off on the wrong foot.Erik stares at him. Xavier babbles some more about God knows what.Then he makes the mistake of patting Erik’s arm.Erik hauls him into the claustrophobic cell of a backroom, and the light is lousy but it’s enough to appreciate how good Xavier looks on his knees, his sinfully red mouth forming a perfect ‘O’ as Erik thrusts between his lips.This is bad. This is really, really bad, because it feels amazing, and Erik could live forever in this precise moment if it wasn’t for the hazy sense of shame.It’s even worse, because after he spills himself down that tight throat, Erik sinks to his knees and kisses the bruised lips, sucking on them hungrily, and letting Xavier rut against him until he sighs his orgasm into Erik’s mouth as if granting a wish.Erik leaves him there. He ends up feeding the serniki to the obese shop cat, who shreds Erik’s shoes in gratitude.Erik hates his life a lot.*Erik doesn’t know how they end u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - College/University
First Time
Fluff
Hate Sex
Enemies to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

