Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Days tend to blur together when you’re cut off from civilisation. Holed up here in a hide you had better hope to hell is camouflaged well against the mountain side; it can get more than a little claustrophobic. He tries to unpack methodically and remain collected enough to map out an agenda, something of a to do list, before he really starts craving a fresh donut and good Italian coffee. There’s a tinny patter on the shell of the room as it starts to rain. Phil isn’t really sure what contributed most to the mess on Seventh, other than let Clint take a shortcut and engage the emerald triad directly. It would have been a good, solid strategy if Doom’s explosion over the harbour hadn’t attracted so much attention, and that wasn’t even related. He could blame Stark all he liked, but it was just bad luck. The whole day had been a clusterfuck from start to finish and it had finished with Fury assigning them two weeks detail on Operation Stonewall. It’s nothing more than a good opportunity for him to get up to speed on several back burner projects. A pile of yellow folders is stacked on his pillow for want of a more appropriate surface and it serves to remind him just how lax he has been with less pressing deadlines. He knows Steve will be the one to pick up the slack in his absence, there are protocols and not all the Avengers respect them. He revels in the silence briefly, it’s nice not to hear the obnoxious bleating of a TV no one is really watching or arguments about breakfast cereal brands. Ordinarily the freakishly warped mundanity of daily life at the tower is a mark of success of sorts, at least he isn’t kneeling in the mud on some stake out or in endless undercover op strategy meetings any more. The Avengers are hardly subtle, in public or otherwise. That’s not to say he doesn’t appreciate a vacation occasionally. Fury knows him perhaps a little too well. The isolation of Stonewall itself isn’t his punishment; nope, that’s being cooped up for two weeks with an dangerously bored Clint.  The agents that populate this base are all loners of one sort or another. Some specifically requested the assignment, some have things they need to disappear from and others are working off some kind of career debt. There is an odd sort of quiet community here, though it isn’t cheerful. The whole freezing, iron riveted complex feels like little more than a cage, too barren and sparse for comfort. They have one function, to watch the movements and monitor communications of Hydra in the area. To describe Stonewall as covert is like saying the Pope is religious, less than twenty miles away sits one of the biggest known super-bases of Hydra’s weapons division. His room is tiny, but private. There is a cracked mirror in the little cubby en-suite and a floor to ceiling locker that clangs sadly when he closes the door on his three identical suits. He has been assigned an office appropriate to his rank at the other end of the complex, the same one he always inhabits when he’s up here. It is ever sparse, just like everything else, but it does have a certain nostalgic charm. Last time he had brought a few arty photos and hung them on the wall opposite the door. They’re a little worse for wear now, dusty and neglected but someone else has added a fake fern on top of the filing cabinet and there’s a pack of gum in the drawer under the desk. Small comforts. There isn’t a great deal for him to do here. Since it’s an active operation, albeit a long term one with significant investment, it already has a more than capable manager. Although Agent Harker is a man given to cryptic brevity, he is crystal clear when it comes to boundaries. So Phil doesn’t interfere with the running of the operation and Harker stays off his back. He can’t make the same promises for Barton, who is generally less given to brevity and not even remotely aware of most boundaries.  ~*~ The barracks aren’t quite as bad as the rumours had made out but they’re pretty fucking close. Clint can’t fault the designer for going with a minimalist style but honestly, whoever decided to ‘carpet’ the floor with bare steel was just plain cruel. There are twenty beds in this room, only six of them claimed. The ones that show signs of habitation, however temporary are several cots apart. They are likely short term postings, people still holding a grudge for something that went to shit in the field and need a little ‘cooling off’. There’s two beds on the far wall that are claimed side by side. Two agents shouldering responsibility? Something like that for sure, they clearly know each other.  Most agents who have a permanent or near as dammit posting to Stonewall have their own room, windowless and as soulless as the rest of the building, but private at least. There’s nowhere near a full contingent of staff here at the moment, barely sixty agents and several full time catering or administration staff all told. Coulson, of course, gets one of the guest suites. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Anal Sex
Knotting
Light Bondage
Rape/Non-con Elements
Attempted Rape
Soul Bond
Soulmates
Bonding
Phil Coulson is a BAMF

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

