Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"A spell? A fucking magical spell turned me into a woman?" Tony barked, and Thor jumped."It was not my spell," Thor pointed out. "Shouting at me will do no good...Miss Stark.""Ms," Tony snapped. "Fuck! Mr! Tony! For god's sake!" From the waist down he was still clad in the Mark VII armor he'd summoned for the battle. From the waist up he was wearing his helmet and the repulsor gloves along with a snug black t-shirt, because the chestplate fit poorly over his new breasts, and he'd had to pop off the shell. "I was merely demonstrating respect," Thor grumbled. He still called Pepper Ms Potts despite her insistence on "Oh, just Pepper, please."  He called Natasha...Natasha, because she'd made her request in a more convincing manner."Give him the other news," Clint said, setting down his quiver and propping a boot up on the debris-covered armrest in the wrecked theatre.Thor nodded slowly. "While you were unconscious, we successfully brokered an agreement with our nemesis. In exchange for a truce and a concession, the spell has been made temporary."Tony eyed his teammates and folded his arms. It was more difficult than usual. There were obstacles. "How temporary? And what concession?""We agreed not to invade their realm," Clint said. "Which, you know, was not a very big concession because we don't invade realms. And we let them live, which kind of was. Also, they agreed not to tear any more holes between dimensions. Big win."Tony kicked the remains of a shattered spotlight out of his way with an iron-booted foot. "How temporary?" he repeated."Three moons!" Thor declared."Three moons," Tony repeated flatly. "Three months? Three Earth months, am I right?"Thor nodded again."Then what happens?""Then you will be returned safely to your original form," Thor explained, as if Tony was a bit slow. "It's a three-moon spell." "No duh," Clint said, raising his hands defensively when he saw Tony ball his armored fists and lean towards him. "Sorry! Sorry, Tony. I wouldn't joke, but you're okay. It's temporary. I won't..." Clint shook his head, because he couldn't promise not to joke about this for three months. Really, that was asking way too much."That's terrible negotiating," Tony spat out. "Couldn't you have held out for a three-hour spell or something?""A three hour spell would have been impossible," Thor said, shaking his head."We actually didn't get off too badly," Clint said. "They almost had us a couple of times. They were tough. I mean, at least we all made it out safe, and so did Broadway. 41st Street is in pretty bad shape, though. Steve and Natasha are out there pulling people out of cars."Bruce cleared his throat and adjusted the piece of black stage curtain he was wearing as a makeshift toga. "Could be worse, Tony. Some changes don't wear off."Tony paused. "That's actually...a good point, Socrates," he muttered. He hefted his chest armor. "I'm going to go alter a suit." He began walking back to the street entrance, and the others watched him retreat."He's actually pretty," Clint said. "It's weird, but I think I'm a little turned-on right now.""Don't ever tell him that," Bruce said. "Shit, where's my wallet?"
Tony sequestered himself in his workshop, doffed the armor, and began modelling the new suit pieces in 3D form. He scanned himself, then expanded the chestplate and made adjustments to the boots and the length of the arm and leg armor, because he was shorter -- just slightly. And his current suit was too big in the waist.  AD HOC TEMPLATE, Tony typed, with unnecessary force. "Temporary," he muttered to himself. "Three. Fucking. Moons."JARVIS was suspiciously quiet."JARVIS!" Tony shouted."Sir?" JARVIS replied calmly."Well, that's a relief. You recognize me. What, no greeting this evening?""I was processing an extensive tasklist, Mr Stark.""Which takes a couple of nanoseconds. So what do you make of this?" Tony gestured at himself and swiped a palm over his chin, which was so...smooth. That probably made him feel less like himself than anything else, like the time he'd shaved for charity because Twitter had raised a million dollars for pandas with mange or something."Sir," JARVIS intoned. "You appear to have undergone sex reassignment surgery and a complete hormone replacement, which according to my databanks would be impossible to accomplish over the course of five hours. In addition, you haven't previously expressed a desire to undergo a procedure of this type, and I was attempting to make sense of...""It's magic, JARVIS. It makes no sense, so don't bother," Tony drained the last of his espresso. "Also, the shock stage is rolling into denial and I think I don't really want to talk about this.""Agent Romanoff is approaching the lab, Mr Stark," JARVIS replied."Great," Tony said into the dreggy cup. He wondered where Cap was. He hadn't seen him since the battle. He knew his status, which was fine, but...The door slid open and Natasha's boots tapped a staccato rhythm across the floor. A
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Natasha and Tony friendship
Gender or Sex Swap
Community: avengerkink
Spells & Enchantments
Humor
Fluff
Cracky Premise
Genderfuck
Team
Smut
Romantic Comedy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

