Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Phil fixes Fury with an even stare. Fury knows Phil’s “what the fuck did you just suggest face” like nobody else at SHEILD, but unfortunately is significantly less intimidated by it. Well, not intimidated at all by it, actually.“Coulson.  I really think this kid can be something, but the way it’s panning out, I might have to cut him loose.”Phil sighs.  Because Clint Barton should not be cut loose—his potential is extraordinary. Phil has read the simulated mission reports and seen the kid himself on the range.  But Clint is cocky, mouthy, and defensive—which wouldn’t be all that bad expect that Clint is a sub, which also wouldn’t make things that bad except Clint has never been successfully put down into subspace. By anyone.  Ever.Phil still can’t believe the archer is so functional. If Phil goes two weeks without dipping into his drive, he starts to get snappy and then obsessive compulsive, well more obsessive, and then he micro manages every living thing within a 10 block radius—fine 12.As soon as a sub hits puberty their first instinct is to find the right Dom, bare their neck, and be brought to that sweet calming place that settles and resets them.  Barton is a fucking marvel to SHIELD psychologists.  By all professional accounts, Barton’s mental and physical health should be so shot that he shouldn’t be able to get dressed on his own. But that is so, so not the case.  It’s remarkable, really.As it stands, Barton’s partner Natasha Romanov, who he met through the foster care system, is the only Dom that has had any kind of success with Clint and is probably the only reason Clint is still sane. But their very apparent lack of sexual chemistry is more hurtful in Clint’s case then helpful and it may be hard for him to submit to someone who is a sister like figure and/or professional peer.  Phil assumes the last bit from experience.Phil presses his lips together. He thought he was so beyond training newbies.  He says as much to Fury.“Phil, Cheese, you’re this kid’s last shot. He’s cycled through all my high level handlers.  Even Maria threw in the towel. I wouldn’t come to you if I had other options.” Fury scratches the back of his head—a gesture that is very telling to someone like Phil who has known Fury since they were both army rangers.Phil thinks about the situation. Clint and Natasha came as a packaged deal. Natasha stipulated so in her contract. And if Clint is extraordinary, Natasha is even better.  More than that, SHEILD does not want THAT working for other organizations—she is a force onto herself.“Natasha will walk if Clint gets booted.” Phil states the truth, he doesn’t have to ask.“I want him in the organization Phil, but I need her.”Phil sighs. “Fine. I’ll transfer my agents out to other handlers.  I’ll take over Romanov and Barton and will only work with them for the time being. Seems they’ll need my full attention.”“How long do you think before you’ve got them up and running?”  Fury is already standing, his mouth twitching in its attempt to hide a grin.“Unsure.  I’ll have to see how we work together.  Let’s say if there is no progress in 6 months, then we revisit the drawing board. Maybe there is a way to keep Romanoff in the field and Clint employed.”  Phil pinches the bridge of his nose.“I know.”  Fury says from the door frame. “I owe you.”“Log it.” Phil gives Fury a meaningful look because yes, he actually owes him and Phil plans on using this favor somewhere down the line.Fury nods once.Once his Boss is gone, Phil takes a deep breath and immediately begins planning out his next steps. There are mission reports to finish, and briefs to wrap up, and agents to transfer out and a fucking psycho-cocky sub mystery with good aim to get prepped for. -0- By the end of the week, Clint is informed that Phil will be Natasha and his new handler. Phil drafts the letter himself explaining the prep work he wants from them and where their first meeting will be.In preparation Phil pours over Clint’s file—explicitly ignoring the haunted look in the archer’s eyes.  One, because there is no need for him to go all over-protective Dom before he even meets the kid and two, because Clint’s eyes are also compelling, and intriguing, and alright attractive and Phil doesn’t need those thoughts lurking around his head.So, with the archer’s picture intentionally turned over, Phil reviews Clint’s file for the ninth, no tenth, yes, tenth time.Phil circles through the facts again--Clint ran away to the circus after his parents died when he was seven or eight. He went with his older brother, whose whereabouts are unknown.  There, he likely experienced some degree of physical and mental abuse. He was discovered by a child protective case worker when he was 16. In his first group home he met Romanoff—who was an unaccompanied minor refugee from Russia—and they teamed up.They bailed the group home by the time Clint was 17 and were turning small jobs before Clint was 18. For about 6 year
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
D/s
Dom Phil Coulson
Sub Clint Barton
Subspace
Clint Needs a Hug
Sexual Tension
Minor Character Death
Anal Sex
Flogging
non-con elements
Sitwell behaving badly
Overstimulation
mention of sounding
intense cocksucking
Throat Fucking
light caning
Bondage
Rough Sex

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

