Chapter 1





Chapter Text
1.

The matter first comes up when they reach a crosswalk on the way back to the office one afternoon. Foggy, in the middle of retelling a story about Karen's hilarious sandwich mishap from yesterday, instinctively stops to take Matt's arm, explaining, "We're crossing now." Matt makes a small noise of bemusement, but he complies, prodding Foggy to continue the tale of Cole Slaw Hell.

They make it seven steps across before Foggy freezes. His line of sight drops to their linked arms and the awkwardness between them that had started to finally fade comes back in full force. He'd gotten used to re-adjusting his life around the fact that Matt did not, in fact, need his help, because of magic superhero fiery sonar reasons. But it's hard to break years of training, and perhaps just as saliently, he had liked helping. He doesn't want to make Matt feel weird though, so he chooses the obviously correct action of wrenching his arm away like he's been scalded.

Matt, appropriately for a blind guy who's suddenly been thrown off balance by his best friend in the middle of traffic, stumbles a step before self-correcting and continuing on, but his face has fallen into that dejected puppy look he gets. People around them shoot Foggy dirty glances, and he can't blame them, because that really had been a dick move, even if Matt can cross the street and parkour upside-down and jump across rooftops perfectly well on his own. So he hurries to re-anchor their arms, muttering, "Dude, sorry for kinda flipping out on you back there."

"It's okay," Matt says generously, patting his hand. "You know, I don't actually-" he starts, before breaking off mid-sentence, looking guilty and conflicted as per usual.

"You don't what?" Foggy asks, directing them onto the sidewalk. "We're turning now, watch out for the trashcan on your-goddammit, sorry, forgot again. And pardon my French. Next time you go to church, ask Jesus to forgive me."

"I'm always impressed by how bad you are at Catholicism," Matt responds, pretending he's not amused.

"Yeah, yeah, tell it to the Pope. What were you saying before?"

"Nothing," comes the too-fast reply.

"Lies! Reveal your secrets, or I'll never tell you what Karen found under the lettuce. And that's the best part." He tightens his hold, trying to impart some supportive energy through his grip, but he thinks he might just be cutting off Matt's circulation.

Matt stays silent for a minute more, as they walk another block. Finally, he manages to grit out, "I don't actually mind this. Your help, I mean."

Foggy blinks at him. "I'm staring at you in confusion right now, even though you probably already knew that. In fact, because you probably already knew that. Why?"

"It's...nice."

"Wow, that sure is a ringing endorsement, buddy. The only way you could've made that more extravagant would be to hire a skywriter to plaster it where everyone can see."

Matt shakes his head, laughing. "No, it's just...familiar, you know? I've gotten used to it. I like having you by my side. And I like hearing your voice."

He sounds terribly earnest, and Foggy flushes, because sure, he knows objectively that he's not half bad, and that Matt thinks he's fantastic for some reason, but compliments still make his heart flutter. 

"You're saying that you like hearing me tell you about revolving doors and wet paint and construction zones."

"Yes. It's scintillating," Matt says firmly.

"I 100% don't believe you, but whatever floats your boat, I guess," Foggy says. They reach another crosswalk and stop there, waiting for the cars to pass.

"No, I'm serious. It's like color commentary. I know you think I'm some sort of ninja wizard, but I still cannot actually see things. Listening to you talk fills in some of those gaps."

Oh. Well. Maybe Matt needs him a tiny bit. Settle down before you embarrass both of us, Foggy demands of his heart, but that train's long left the station. "Okay, well, if you put it that way, I oughta step it up. I've been slacking recently, but don't you worry, Matthew, 'cause starting now, you've been upgraded to the Triple Deluxe Foggy Nelson Vision Simulation Package. On the house."

"Now that's what I call customer service. Remind me to put in a good word with the higher-ups for you."

The traffic light begins chirping and they start to cross. "You better wait until after the trial run. So, uh, we're crossing the street. The crosswalk is white, and there's eleven, no, twelve stripes."

"I hope you're sure about that," Matt says sternly. "The number of stripes really changes the whole picture."

"Twelve, I'm positive. There's a flattened coffee cup in the middle of the street, and the girl in front of us just stepped in a lump of gum. It's blue. I can't tell what flavor it is, but I know you can taste it on the air somehow, so whatever." The grin that Matt gives him is worth the annoyed look that Gum Girl sends his way.

"See? Scintillating."

"You think that's good, wait til you hear t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Fluff
5+1 Things
Light Pining
Happy Ending
Canon-Typical Violence
Drunkenness
Slow Dancing
Cohabitation
Sharing a Bed
Truth or Dare
Laundry
Vastly Unsuccessful Seduction Techniques
First Kiss
Requited Love
Cooking
Snow
Marriage Proposal

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

