Work Text:
The first time Steve asked about Howard, Tony had been in the midst of eating his breakfast across the counter. They weren’t friends yet, barely resembling teammates at that stage really, and were living together in the tower in some misguided attempt from Fury to change that. Steve had been sitting quietly, listening to Tony’s stream of consciousness as he scanned through the news on his tablet, when he had taken advantage of a rare pause in Tony’s speech, “Tony?” “Yeah Steve what’s up?” Tony mumbled, a little startled by Steve’s sudden input in their so far one sided conversation. “I was just wondering…what was Howard like, you know as a father? I can’t imagine it really.” Tony froze, mouth dropped open in shock for a moment before he managed to pull himself together, shaking off the sudden memories and smiling convincingly at Steve. “I’ll have to show you some of the footage from the old days, it’s in the company files somewhere…but I gotta run Steve I have a board meeting, can’t start reminiscing and be late. Sorry, raincheck?” Tony rambled, looking at Steve and feeling a rising guilt when he saw the disappointment etched on his face. “Yeah I understand, raincheck.” It was a long time before Steve would realise that Tony had spent the rest of that morning hidden in his workshop, forcing back difficult memories and skipping the meeting he had never really harboured any intentions of going to in the first place. 
  It didn’t take long for the team to come together after moving into the tower, of course there were the first few awkward days when they had to grow used to sharing their space with each other, but in such a large home, they managed to fall into a certain pattern with ease. Now, two months into the living arrangements Tony couldn’t imagine why he had once preferred to live alone. Of course he still maintained his own personal spaces, the workshop his haven if ever the company of his friends grew to be too much, but mostly he enjoyed working out complex software on his tablet’s while the team sat watching TV in their favourite of the three lounge rooms. In fact he loved it, having people around to bounce ideas off and joke with instead of chuckling to himself alone while JARVIS sassed him. He was beginning to actually feel comfortable in his own skin now, it was a feeling he could barely remember ever experiencing before. The only problem was the fact that some of his walls came down with that level of comfort. He found himself being way too open with his feelings sometimes, and although it was nice to have friends who knew him, and knew how he felt without him having to tell them, it could be dangerous, especially seeing as half the time the feelings he forgot to hide were the ones that crept up inside him whenever Steve would pout at one of the many kitchen appliances in confusion, or run his hand through his hair while trying to explain his ninety year old pop-culture references to Clint. Natasha knew, he was sure of it, he had seen the eyebrow she lifted when she caught Tony staring at Steve across Thor’s head while they were watching Some Like it Hot (it had been Steve’s turn to pick the movie), she didn’t say anything about it, and for that he loved her just a little bit more than he had before. He was finding that happened with all of them, he couldn’t stop himself from noticing, and enjoying each of their little quirks, and that went double in Steve’s case. He was a lot like Tony in some ways. He too liked to keep his emotions schooled behind a façade, but over the weeks Tony had seen the chinks in that armour, the sad sighs he would let out when Clint would talk about his frat buddy friends and their antics, or Thor would mention Jane. Tony knew he was happy in the house with them, but that didn’t take away the pain of losing everyone he had ever known. They were sitting together at the counter again when Tony noticed Steve’s sad expression as he read through an article Fury had found for him about Howard and Peggy, and their efforts to finish what Steve had started after they lost him. Tony grimaced a little at his father’s smiling face, before forcing himself to push back the dark memories which threatened to break over, he had to do this for Steve, the poor guy needed someone to be there for him sometimes. “Do you want to take me up on that raincheck then Cap?” Tony asked, a small part of him hoping Steve would decline, would say they needed to go spar or do something productive, but he knew that wouldn’t happen as soon as his friend looked up, beaming. “Really?” Steve asked, his eyes alight in a way that Tony knew he would never be able to refuse, even if it meant having to do something he really, really, didn’t want to. “Yeah I got time, what do you want to know?” Tony asked, pulling down every mask he had and forcing himself to play the happy, loving son that he always had for the media when they asked about his father. “What was he like? Did he ever talk about me?” Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Hurt Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Feels
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

