Work Text:
“Not again.” Matt doesn’t answer. Foggy edges carefully into the room, looking around to make sure no one’s there. When no evil minions immediately jump out of the shadows, he hurries to Matt’s side. “Again. Again?” Foggy hisses. “It’s only been a month, Matt. You are limited to causing me one freak-out per year. You have used your freak-out, and we are not doing this. You will be in freak-out debt.” He doesn’t even have the anger and betrayal to carry him through this time. All he has is Matt, still and quiet on the floor, and the helpless feeling of terror that comes when you see someone you love hurt. He’s scared to check Matt’s pulse, because what if he can’t find it? Matt’s so quiet. But he forces himself to reach out anyway, and there—thank god, it’s there. He prods carefully along Matt’s neck and spine to check for injuries, and when he can’t find any he cautiously maneuvers Matt onto his back. Well, there’s the problem, Foggy thinks faintly. Head wound. Right at the hairline, and head wounds bleed a lot. Foggy keeps repeating it to himself, over and over and over. Head wounds bleed a lot, even when they’re not serious. Matt’s fine. He’s okay. He’s not waking up. “You owe me so many freak-outs.” Foggy whispers weakly, pretending Matt can hear as he runs his fingers over the rest of him, checking for injuries. “When I have a midlife crisis and run off to join the circus, you are coming with me and you are not going to say a word, Matt. You get this, I get the circus.” No response. When he’s sure that Matt’s relatively unharmed—other than the giant, bleeding, ugly head wound—he calls Claire. “Head trauma. Unconscious. Blood.” Foggy tells her numbly. “I think we might need an actual ambulance this time.” Claire inhales sharply, but she doesn’t ask questions. “Keep him alive.” It's all she has to say. Foggy laughs a little hysterically. “Easier said than done.”  It takes Matt twenty-four hours to wake up. “His vitals are good.” Claire tells him bracingly, trying to press a cup of coffee into his hand. Foggy takes it with numb fingers and puts it on the bedside table with the others. All six of them, untouched. “Brain activity is normal.” “There’s nothing normal about Matt’s brain.” Foggy jokes hollowly. He completely ruins any bite the comment might have had by stroking Matt’s hair tenderly, lingering over the bandage without pressing down. “The guy’s a nutcase.” “I know.” Claire agrees, tired fondness in her voice. Foggy gives her a weak smile. “Thanks for checking in.” He tells her quietly. “I’m sorry I’m not better company.” Claire shakes her head immediately, laying a gentle hand on his shoulder. “You’re the best company Matt could ask for.” She offers with a kind smile. “That’s all you need to worry about.” Her pager goes off. Foggy is impressed and grateful that she ignores it. She doesn’t even glance down, but Matt’s told him about Claire and Foggy’s met her more than a few times. She’s a good nurse. A good friend too, but most of all a good nurse. She needs to help more people than just him and Matt. “You should take that.” Foggy says encouragingly. “You’re busy—not all of us can just lie in the lap of luxury all day.” He nods towards Matt’s bed. Silk sheets, bought new to fit the narrow bed. Foggy had put them through the wash at Matt’s place three times with Matt’s soap, hoping that it would make them smell more familiar. “I’ll be back soon.” Claire promises, grimacing at whatever she sees on the pager. “Take care of each other, alright?” Foggy nods obediently. “Drink the coffee.” She orders firmly. Foggy nods again. She told him to drink the last six coffees too. Foggy’s not thirsty. As soon as Claire’s gone, Foggy starts talking. “See, you’ve even got Claire worried about you, and she’s a tough cookie.” Foggy chides Matt. He reaches out and takes Matt’s hand, avoiding the one with the IV. He keeps worrying that he’ll jostle it too much and hurt Matt. So, the free hand, the one with the ugly paper hospital bracelet. Foggy’s wanted to rip it off more than once so he could pretend that this isn’t happening. “Karen’s worried about you too.” Foggy continues earnestly. “She’s going to try and come in later to see you. I told her to take the day off—I’m pretty sure she’s out buying all the flowers in Hell’s Kitchen to put in your room.” He laughs. “You’ll be sneezing like crazy. It’ll be hilarious.” Matt doesn’t answer. He looks asleep, Foggy muses. Well, Claire said he basically was. Breathing on his own and everything, just taking a little vacation in dreamland for a while. He’ll wake up soon. Matt needs all the beauty sleep he can get, Foggy tries to tell himself gruffly. What a troll. He sighs a moment later. Matt’s already gorgeous and the whole world knows it. You can’t improve what’s already perfect. “I’m worried about you.” Foggy tells him softly, voice cracking. “Come on, I’m still new to this. You’re throwing me in at the deep end here, and I don’t know how to swim like you do.” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Accidents
Amnesia
Inevitability
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

