Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki's punishment is decided even before Thor returns with him to Asgard.
The Tesseract carries them from Earth. It's a quick journey, if an unpleasant one; it feels like being twisted into nothingness, then wrought back into being by the combined forces of blood and fire.
He and Loki materialize in Asgard's vast, golden throne room. The space is empty but for Odin and Frigga. 
Thor is surprised to see that their mother's eyes are dry. He expected tears on Loki's return; he expected them all the more surely once he saw the monstrous metal device silencing his brother. But there are no tears in Frigga's eyes, even as she glides down the steps from Odin's throne. 
Her expression softens as she approaches them. Her skirts and hair glint golden in the light of Asgard's sunset, the fading rays stealing in to the cavernous space.
"My son," Frigga says, framing Loki's face with her hands. She touches the ugly metal of the muzzle, and Loki shivers visibly. "This is not for you," she says, and though her touch still appears gentle, the metal cracks and shatters beneath her fingers. She tosses the rent pieces aside and traces soothing fingers through Loki's hair.
Unmasked conflict flashes in Loki's expression, so frank that even in profile Thor can see it. Loki's eyes speak to an inner war of self, and Thor can't tell if it's a loss or a victory when at last Loki whispers, "Mother."
"I'm sorry," Frigga says, and she guides Loki down to press a soft kiss to his temple. "I'm sorry," she repeats, a quiet murmur against his hair. 
Then she draws back a step, and though her eyes are still dry when she turns them on Thor, he reads heartbreak in her gaze. She steps towards him, but she offers no gentle touch or warm greeting. She simply holds out her hands, tiredly expectant, and Thor relinquishes the Tesseract in its strange container.
She glances over her shoulder—up at Odin, still seated and watching from his throne—and at last she departs with her burden. The blue glow tinges her skin, and she looks icy and pale despite the warmth of the setting sun.
Odin stands, and the movement draws Thor's attention with a sense of finality and dread. There are no words of summons, but Thor comprehends his father's command as surely as if there had been. Loki's wrists are still manacled by S.H.I.E.L.D.'s crude chain, and the metal clinks quietly as Thor leads his brother up the tall dais. They stop just below the top step—just below the Allfather—and Thor holds his breath.
"Loki," Odin says, in a voice that's all at once ancient and exhausted and burdened with power. 
"Allfather," Loki says. He speaks blandly, but frosty hostility flashes in eyes.
"You will answer for your crimes, my son." Odin's eye glitters with the tears Thor couldn't find in his mother's face. "Would that you had left me some other choice."
Loki's expression freezes into something vicious and cold. His lips press into a tight, thin line. 
"There is always choice," Loki says. "Though little enough, perhaps, for a king so weak he cannot afford mercy."
"Brother," Thor gasps, fingers grasping tightly at Loki's arm.
"Don't," Loki snarls without looking at him. "I am no brother of yours. And my punishment cannot be worse for speaking a truth he already knows."
"I am not without mercy," Odin says, calmer than Thor expects. "There are many who would see you dead for the destruction you have caused. There are others who would see you chained and tortured instead."
"But you see better," Loki sneers. "Tell me, then, Allfather. What retribution shall Asgard claim for my sins?"
"Your magic will be sealed away. Thoroughly. For a span of one thousand years. In that time, perhaps you will come to understand the calamitous error of your decisions."
"No," Loki snarls. Not just denial, Thor realizes, but disbelief. 
Loki's brow knits tight with consternation, and he says, "You don't have enough power. You've no one in Asgard who could accomplish such a task. Even with your own most potent magics—even aided by your strongest sorcerers—you could not do this."
"You underestimate my resources," Odin says.
"And you think me a fool," Loki bites back. "No. You're bluffing. You can contain me in part. For a decade, a century perhaps. But to cut out the whole of my magic, and for a thousand years? Such is beyond even you, Allfather."
"I did not claim it would be my own power carrying out your sentence." 
Thor can't take his eyes from Loki, despite the misery in Odin's voice as his father continues, "You are right, of course. No power in Asgard could bind you thus. But there are other realms."
Loki shakes his head, and though the crease in his brow smoothes out, his eyes narrow dangerously. 
"No," he repeats in a calm, quiet voice. "You would need the most powerful sorcerers from five realms. You would need the Norns at the very least, and they are no friends to Asgard."
"You underestimate the fear you inspire," Odin says, and Loki's eyes momentarily widen. "As you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
First Time
First Kiss
Post-Movie(s)
Sibling Incest
Rough Sex
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Groundhog Day
Time Loop
Sexual Tension
Non-Consensual
Rape
Post-Avengers (2012)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

