Work Text:
This was the most boring class Shawn Warzywoda had ever had the misfortune of attending.It wasn't that the subject matter was boring.  He loved this stuff, loved the readings, heck, he'd even enjoyed writing the papers.  He was not so enthusiastic about the professor.  The guy was a blowhard, and a boring one at that.Class was supposed to be over eleven minutes ago.  Six minutes ago, a nondescript man in a well-tailored dark suit had slipped through the door, and was currently standing, feet braced a precise shoulder width apart and arms folded casually over his chest, just beside the door.  He was average height, average build, of indistinct age and background.  A good looking man, but not enough to draw the eye.Spectacularly average, all around.And something about him set off every alarm bell Shawn possessed.The second hand on the clock swept past the twelve, and he saw, rather than heard the man heave a sigh, his shoulders rising and falling.  “Mr. Warzywoda,” he said, and Shawn was really hoping he'd hallucinated that, except that everyone in the lecture hall turned in their seats to look at him.  “Please gather your things and come with me.”Shawn stared down at him and wondered if he could make it out the back door of the hall before this guy could reach him.The smile on the man's face stretched, just a little.  “No,” he said, his voice amused.  “You can't.   Please gather your things and come with me.”“Excuse me,” Prof. Durbrow snapped.  “Class isn't done yet.  He can go when I've finished.”The man didn't even look at him.  “Class period was over twelve minutes ago.  You stopped having anything worthwhile to say nineteen minutes ago.  At this point, you're holding your students hostage because you mistakenly believe that this enhances your standing with them and maintains a power imbalance.  It doesn't.  It just makes you an asshole.”There was a beat of stunned silence, and then someone, someone who did not care about their grade or their potential future in this department started to laugh, a high, semi-hysterical sound, and Shawn was pretty sure it was him.“Who do you think you-” That was as far as Durbrow got before a small wallet was held up in front of his face.  He went stark white and took a stumbling, tripping step backwards, his feet making a racket the whole way.  His hand clipped his cup of coffee and it went tumbling to the ground with a splash.“Mr. Warzywoda,” the man said, slipping the wallet back into his inner jacket pocket, smoothing the fabric back into place with a steady hand.  “I'm on a schedule here.  If you could please?”And giving in to the inevitability of the situation, Shawn shoved his books and notes in the general vicinity of his backpack.  Hugging the whole mess to his chest, and losing a couple of pens on the way down the stairs, he tripped his way down to the floor.He staggered to a stop, his load almost unbalancing him.  Mr. Manners gave him a faintly amused look, his eyebrows forming a precise arch over intelligent, sharp eyes, and reached out.  Shawn wasn't sure what he did, but an instant later, his things were neatly stacked, stashed, and his zipped-up backpack was being settled on his shoulder.Then he was being escorted out the door, a firm hand on his elbow.  “What the hell is going on?” Shawn managed, clutching the strap of his backpack with both hands like a lifeline.“I'm Agent Phil Coulson of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division, Mr. Warzywoda,” the man said with that faint half-smile.  “Your recent  interaction with a member of the Avengers Initiative has brought you and your boyfriend to our attention.”“Well, shit,” Shawn said.“Yes, that's about the size of it,” Coulson said.  “You're taking it better than most.”“I suppose on some level, I've been expecting a federal agency to tell me I make poor choices in, you know, who I date.  Or poor life choices in general.  That seemed pretty likely.  I wasn't going to fight it.”  He paused, and his feet wanted to stop, but Coulson kept him moving.  “Maybe I should go with you to get Drew,” he said, trying to sound nonchalant.“Too late, we picked him up first,” Coulson said.Shawn winced.  “Uh, how did that go?”“He screamed, 'You'll never take me alive, narc,' then tried to crawl out a second floor window.”“The funny thing is,” Shawn said, his voice sounding faint to his own ears, “that he really is quite fundamentally anti-drug.  Little straight edge going on there.”“I'm aware of that.  However, since it appears that he's the only one in his 'Philosophy of Emerging AI' class that is not currently carrying a baggie of weed, he did set off a general panic.  Which, I take it, was his intent.  As the rest of the class dissolved into a barely restrained mob, he threw himself head first out of the nearest window.  I give him credit for thinking on his feet.”Shawn covered his face with one hand.  “Oh, God,” he managed.  “Did he break anything?”“His professor's prime African Violet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
SHIELD
Lower Decks
Author has mental issues
Fic Prompt Request

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

