Work Text:
The RescueClint stared as the flying Chitauri whale-snake  went by the Helicarrier and he remembered. He didn't remember much  because of the goddamn mind-whammy, everything was fuzzy and shit, but  THAT one thing stood out clearly. He remembered.Fuck. FUCK. Goddamn it all to Hell.*~*“YOU!”  The techie screamed when he dropped down from the vent onto her desk.  Maybe he should've used the door, but fuck it, there's no time. “Scan  the Chitauri ships. Look for life signs emitting Gamma radiation.”“I can't, you destroyed all the consoles!” She scowled at him, crossing her arms across her chest.“I  didn't touch the long range scanners, so get to it!” And he might still  have some crazy left around his eyes, cause the techie paled and  complied.“Which ones do you want me to scan?”“All of them.” They had promised, he had heard them, it had to be there. They had promised.“Umm... I've found one. It's in one of the bigger Chitauri crafts, but it's rather faint.”“It's not faint. It's small.” He activated the homing beacon in his belt. “Track me and guide me to the right ship.”“But-”“That's  an order! Screw this up and I will shoot you between the eyes!” He  didn't waste anymore time and left, heading at a run towards the hangar.“Black Widow, this is Hawkeye. Need you help in a rescue operation.”*~*Getting  to the right ship had been a piece of cake, once they acquired a  Chitauri scooter or whatever that shit was. Getting into the ship was  even easier, thanks to those nifty guns mounted at the front. They sure  could blow a pretty big hole.And inside? The alien scumbags were  right for the picking. Oh sure, the first few arrows bounced off their  armored hides, but they didn't have armored eyes, now did they?Tasha figured that out for herself pretty quick too, and together, they left a whole lot of corpses in their wake.“Agent Barton, come in.”“If you tell me we're in the wrong ship, I swear-”“According to my readouts, you need to take a left. The energy source should be straight ahead.”“If we survive this, drinks are on me.”Turning  left led them to what looked like the ship's bridge. Several of those  ugly fuckers were gathered there, pointing their guns at them. But Tasha  was quick like a rattlesnake on speed. They barely had time to blink  (or whatever) before they were missing an eye and most of their brains.All but one. And this one had what they came for.It  was wiggling and crying, kicking it's bare feet in the air. The lone  Chitauri was holding it by its little nape and shoulders, his gun  pressed into its temple. It was hissing something at them, almost  snarling. Clint didn't need a universal translator to understand  'hostage situation'. Normally, he or Tasha would've already taken him  out, but the angle was too narrow, they might hit that wiggling tiny  thing.The Chitauri screeched at them, making jerking movements  as if to scare them into lowering their weapons. When they didn't, it  pressed the gun harder against the little head, shaking the little body  for added effect. The alien probably wasn't expecting the effect it had  on his small hostage, though.The little face turned even redder,  tiny hands clenched into fists. With a loud cry that turned into a  wail, electricity flashed from the little fingers. The charge jumped  backwards and hit the Chitauri like a miniature lightning bolt. The  alien screamed as it was thrown backwards, freak claws releasing the  hostage.Clint dashed forward to catch the mass of flailing limbs, while Tasha emptied her gun into the Chitauri.“Hawkeye, are you going to explain now?” she asked, voice hard.Clint pressed the still crying rescuee to his chest and started running out of the bridge. “Later. We gotta get to Loki first.”Tasha pursed her lips into an angry line, but followed without commenting.*~*Their  cargo didn't shut up the whole way out of the ship, nor during the  hovercraft ride. Which was a good thing, because it only helped to get  Loki's attention that much faster.“LOKI!” Clint yelled, jumping onto the Stark Tower roof as soon as they landed.The  god spared them one glance, then blasted Thor clean off the roof,  efficiently ending their fight. Then he turned towards them, eyes  literally flashing red as he took a menacing step forward.“Give me my child!” he snarled, lifting the scepter threateningly.There was only one thing Clint could say to that. “Dude, take him, he's yours!”Loki  stared at him for a moment more, eyes narrowing in distrust. But then  the baby paused in its cries to let out a pitiful mewl, and Loki reacted  immediately. He threw the scepter to the ground and rushed forward. He  took the baby out of Clint's arms and into his own, holding it almost  reverently against his chest. He pressed a shaky kiss to the top of the  little head, then sunk to his knees, body curling protectively around  the infant.Clint gave a heavy sigh, suddenly bone-tired. But at least it was almost over.“Hawkeye.” Tasha walked up to him. “Explain. N
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Kid Fic

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

