Work Text:
To say Thor was taking his brother’s death hard was probably the world’s biggest understatement. His grief had been instant and genuine.At first the Avengers had just left him alone and then Thor had gone off-world for a solid month. Once he came back, they had taken turns spending time with him but even after only a week had gone by, Clint could tell that the ability of most of the team to be supportive for weeks on end was frayed around the edges.Natasha and Tony were the worst. Their relief when Thor left even for a handful of hours to another sector of space was almost palpable. Their disappointment at Thor’s hunched shoulders upon his return was getting on Clint’s nerves.Thor’s misery seemed to remind Steve of his own, which was more understandable. And although Captain America didn’t run from a fight, Steve didn’t really want to talk about it.Bruce just wasn’t sure what to do and so he tried to keep away as much as possible. And Clint might have gotten on his case if Bruce hadn’t occasionally stopped by Thor’s floor to give the Asgardian tea or dinner. He just refused to linger for long.Clint just kept thinking of New Mexico. Of a man trying to pull a hammer out of the ground and battling everything, including the elements to try to prove his worth. He wondered if Thor thought his loss was the product of his own shortcomings and failures. And he hated realizing the answer was most assuredly yes because if there was one thing every Avenger excelled at, it was self-loathing.So as much as he didn’t want to do it, Clint eventually decided he’d had just about enough of watching everyone else doing the verbal equivalent of drawing straws for who would go spend time with Thor and volunteered to look after him on his own for a while. Or at least until Phil came back.By day three, it had already been a long week. Thor was sitting outside on near the edge of the balcony at the top of the tower. Mjolnir was beside him and the skies above were as dark and troubled as the Asgardian below them.Clint set a bag of gyros and fries down. “You have to eat.”“I have no need of nourishment.”“I’ll make you have one.”Thor just shrugged.Clint dug out one of many cardboard boxes and then a small plastic container of extra cucumber sauce. “You’ll want this anyway. It’s gyros.”Thor took up what he was being offered, glumly devouring meat, pita, onions, and tomatoes. He dipped fries in the sauce and sighed.Clint put a hand on Thor’s shoulder and sat down next to him.“I have no desire to be a burden to you, Clint. You have done so much for me.” “None of it’s a hardship.” “It is just that I have never felt such pain before,” Thor managed.“I know.” “He was right in that he had no home. I think I thought I could make up for everyone else if I carved out one for him here,” Thor added, gesturing towards his own chest. “I loved my brother.”“You’re allowed,” Clint pointed out.“When I went to Asgard…” Thor sighed, inhaling another gyro and brooding for a bit. “I tried to reason with my father and he now avoids me. My mother would not see me. I am not sure that they mourn. I am not sure that they had any love left in their hearts for him after all that has happened.”Clint took Thor’s hand in his. “I doubt it would have mattered to him if they had.”“That is hardly any consolation. Loki did not have much room in his heart either.”“Yeah well. As much as he didn’t want to, he clearly loved you. I mean… Look at what happened.” “Perhaps,” Thor mused. “There is a story that Erik has told me of the god Loki being imprisoned in a tree for wrong-doings. Loki’s only release would come if someone cried a tear for his plight. Would that I had the ability to reverse his death by so simple a means for surely I have cried more than enough tears for Loki Laufeyson.”Clint really wished Thor could lay off breaking his heart, but he was careful not to say so. “If it would bring your brother back? I’d contribute a tear. Hell, I’d give you as many tears as you needed.”Thor took a deep breath. “Would you? Truly?”“You’re my friend. I’d do anything for you.”“You are a remarkable human.”“Don’t have much of a choice,” Clint pointed. “Not when I have a pretty all right alien friend to look after.”Thor’s smile was pretty flimsy, but Clint was willing to take whatever he could get at that point.-Clint got up early, took a shower, and ran until he felt like his legs were going to fall off. “I don’t want to tell you how to look after someone,” Tony said when he got back. “But you’re doing it wrong.”Clint raised an eyebrow. “While you were out? Thor found a magpie. He’s been calling it Loki.”“Very funny.”Tony crossed his arms. “Who’s laughing?”Clint swore under his breath and ran up the stairs.“You might have told me,” Thor was saying as Clint burst into his room unannounced.Both god and bird were sitting at a table. Thor was in a chair and the bird was perched on the back of another one.“I might have,” the bird allowed before inclining its head. “Greetings, Age
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Thor & Loki
Clint Barton & Thor

freeform: 
Kid Loki
Kid Fic
Dysfunctional Family
Established Relationship
Alternate Universe - Future
Not Really Character Death
Meet the Family
Reincarnation
Character Death
Friendship
Love
Bromance
Future Fic
Post-Movie
Post-Fix-It
Brief Cameos from Important Marvel People
Kay is Phil's dad

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Thor & Loki
Clint Barton & Thor

