Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Steve slammed his elbow into Rollins’s face; kicked another Hydra agent so hard they crashed into the glass window; screamed feral and raw as he tried to claw his way out from the Hydra agents, one hand held immobile by the magcuff on the beam of the elevator. Something stabbed into his abdomen, and he screamed as the electric current of the stun baton coursed through him. He jerked away violently, kicking out, hitting nothing but air. Another shock from the baton had him grunting, body curling in on itself of its own accord, and he felt another magcuff click onto his wrist, dozens of arms pushing his hand up to meet the other. The magnet took hold and both of Steve’s arms were trapped above his head. He pulled with all his might and felt they might have had a little give, but not enough.An agent lunged at him, and Steve wrapped his thighs around the burly man’s head; with a jerk of his hips the man’s neck snapped between his legs. Steve silently thanked Natasha for teaching him that trick. Hands on his body, fists to his face, the stun baton to his chest, his stomach, between his thighs.“Give it up, Cap,” Rumlow whispered into his ear. Steve slammed his head to the side, connecting with Rumlow’s face, but he did not have enough leverage to cause any significant damage.Steve bellowed and kept fighting; if he pulled hard enough he could break his thumb, pull a hand through the cuff.The stun baton pressed against his neck, threatening, poised. Steve did not even care. He kicked out at whoever he could reach.White light burned behind his eyelids when the stun baton went off right at his jugular. He could not even scream, could not even breathe. The muscles of his neck contracted as Rumlow held the baton against his skin far longer than Steve thought was possible, electricity bleeding through his body, lightning hot and acid-sharp in his muscles. There was no stealth suit to muffle the feeling, this was no quick burst of pain and then release.  Steve could not remember ever feeling a pain like what was burning through his body now. A gasp of relief fell from his lips when it was finally over. He pulled his legs up to start kicking again, but they were lead-heavy and uncooperative. Something pricked his neck and he blinked and saw one of the agents pull a syringe away from him. He tried kicking out again, panic fueling him now as his mind slowly connected the fragments of thoughts he was left with after the stun baton.Whatever was in the syringe was powerful; black crept around his vision as he futility kept trying to fight against the Hydra agents. He felt his lips spill out a soft “No…” but his throat was too raw from the stun baton, and no sound came out. Some part of him from far away was grateful for that. The bastards did not deserve to hear him.The sedative took hold, and the last thing Steve heard was the sound of laughter bouncing off the walls of the elevator, the last thing he saw was his shield laying facedown on the floor.
Steve woke up cold, ice seeping into his skin through the floor. He blinked and saw grey cement below his face, pressing up cold and damp against his skin. Steve began to take stock of himself as he pushed himself up to sitting, glancing around the room, made green by a sickly, flickering fluorescent light. He was shirtless, and only wearing a pair of thin pants, the cold cement rough and frigid against his skin and he could barely see; the dim lights left the room around him in shadow. It was odd, the room looked like an old bank vault; lots of small lockers lined the walls; there was a closet on one end, heavy cage doors at another wall. He could not make out anything outside the door though, as if another door beyond it was shut. It was a large room, and seemed even larger being so empty. All that was inside the room was a chair with machinery around, but otherwise it seemed empty.The drugs were still in his system, Steve could still feel them hazy and heavy in his veins. He felt like he was being watched. He did not like the look of that chair.Something rubbed against the raw skin of his neck, and he reached up and felt a small, hard box, held against his skin with thick, solid metal that pressed flush against his skin. A collar. He pulled at it, could not even get a finger underneath it. A sharp zap of electricity shocked him, awful pain still radiating in his skin even after it had finished.“Collar doesn’t come off, Cap,” a familiar voice said into the room from a speaker. Steve jerked away and to his feet at the sound of Rumlow chuckling over his head, pushing himself into the corner alert and poised, hands clenching into fists in front of him.“God fucking damn you, Rumlow!” Steve screamed up at the ceiling. “Soldier,” Rumlow continued, chuckling. “You have your orders; contain the new asset.”“What—“But Steve stopped himself. In the other corner of the room furthest from Steve there was movement; black on black shadow melting through
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
mind wipe
Psychological Torture
Torture
Hydra (Marvel)
Steve Rogers as the Winter Soldier
Knifeplay
Implied Sexual Content
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Sadism
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Mental Instability
Mind Control
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

