Work Text:
Steve nearly dropped his coffee mug. "How have you never had a pet?" he asked in disbelief. Tony Stark: The Man Who Has It All apparently hasn't had it all.Tony rolled his eyes and stirred his coffee quickly, spoon tapping against the ceramic loudly. "I've had pets," he drawled. "I've made pets.""Jarvis is not a pet, Tony. Neither is Pepper,"** Natasha replied smoothly, strolling into the kitchen mid conversation. Steve always wondered how she did that so seamlessly, but he thought it was best not to ask. He'd like to pretend he had some privacy left."Dummy," Tony said triumphantly. "Dummy is totally a pet. He's disobedient, underfoot, and completely disregards everything I say. Tell me how that isn't the same?""Because Dummy is a robot!" Steve exclaimed in exasperation. "Robots are not pets."Tony pouted. "Robots are the best pets." He muttered. "Back me up, Bruce." Dr. Banner just stared at him, sipping his orange juice slowly.Natasha rolled her eyes and stole the doughnut he was eating. Tony ignored her. Clint joined the motley group at the table. "You can't tell me your mom or dad didn't have some kind of purebred dog or cat that cost enough money to sustain a small country."Tony's mouth pinched into a thin line and Steve felt a pang of guilt for whatever put that look there. "No, they didn't," Tony replied tightly. "It might have ruined the Persian rugs or handcrafted furniture that cost enough to feed two small countries."Clint just shrugged, unrepentant. Steve bit his lip against the reprimand that fought to come out. It wasn't his job to make everyone play nice, no matter how much he wanted everyone to get along. Apparently kindness and propriety were outdated concepts in the twenty-first century, and sometimes Clint was the most crass of them all."That's so sad," Steve said honestly.Tony just made a dismissive sound and rose from the table with a superior toss of his head and backed out of the room. "Don't cry for me, America. I was too busy being a child prodigy to worry about Fluffy or Fido." He gave a mocking salute and sauntered off toward the lab, same as every morning, Dr. Banner following sedately behind him.Steve sat quietly as the rest of the Avengers drifted in and out of the kitchen. Call him crazy, but Steve had a feeling that there was a story behind Tony's petless past. Sure, he had the whole genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist thing to keep him busy now, but what little boy didn't want a puppy to call his own?He frowned into his mug. Steve had come to terms with the fact that the Howard Stark he knew and the Howard Stark Tony called his father were different people. The man he had known was not the man Tony described him to be. The war changed people. Time changed people—and not always for the best. Steve was almost certain Tony had asked for a pet, only to be rebuffed for his childish desires.Conflicting personalities, conflicting ideas, and conflicting feelings for the man he thought of as his closest friend. He wondered what either version of Howard Stark would have to say about his more-than-platonic-feelings toward his only son, despite the accepting attitude on homosexuality today.He shook his head to clear his thoughts and padded over to the sink, rinsing out his mug. This train of thought made him feel restless and tense, like his skin was pulled to tight over his muscles.Steve glanced out the window and felt a reluctant smile pull at his lips. The bonus of rising early was watching the city come alive around you. Steve had always loved that. He grinned, feeling his melancholy mood slip away, and hustled to his room to change.It was the perfect weather for a jog.
Steve burst out into the brisk autumn air and beamed brightly. Sometimes he was taken aback by how much people seemed to frown nowadays, but from the suspicious looks he garnered on his morning run, people were equally shocked by his exuberance.He ran and ran and ran, loving the bite of the wind on his cheeks and the cold, sharp air filling his lungs. He ran farther than he ever had before and realized he was in completely unfamiliar surroundings. "Shoot," he cursed under his breath, running his fingers through his sweaty hair.The last time this had happened the only member of the team he could reach was Tony—and the Avenger's resident inventor had been laughing so hard it took Steve over forty minutes to get home, even though he was only twenty minutes away.He knew there was a way to use his StarkPhone to lead him home, but after the sixth time Natasha took his through the steps he could tell she was getting more that a bit exasperated. His cheeks reddened to the point of pain and assured her he understood, thanks so much, and scampered off to his room to frown at his phone in consternation.He hopelessly poked at his phone in hopes that it would just get what he wanted, since Steve didn't doubt Tony was working on some kind of mindreading-foresight-integrated-technology-whatever, and he wouldn't pu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
puppies!
Tony Stark has emotions
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

