Chapter 1: Steve
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 

 

All you lonely sons and daughters  stepping to the raging waters  Let them swallow you forever  silencing your beating heart  Your voice echos in the distance  Over come by their persistence  Sleep now child beneath  the heavy current  dragging you along  ooooh oh oh and then you die   ooooh oh oh and then you die
 
--------
In Steve’s time being a male omega was, as Tony would put it, ‘a thing’. A thing that got you harassed, catcalled on the street, kept out of the military, and limited your job pool pretty severely. It didn’t help that Steve was small and sickly and, as far as any doctor who ever took a look at him was concerned, never going to carry a child to term. He wasn’t even good for the one thing omegas were supposed to be good for.
There were no pups in his future. No mating bond to look forward to because it was unlikely he’d survive a real mating when he could barely get through his heats without being completely wrecked. He’d always figured there would be no alpha for him either because who wanted an omega who couldn’t carry, couldn’t take a bite, and had frequent horribly prolonged heats that left him half dead?
The answer, of course, was Bucky. Bucky would hold him, wrap him in the warm soothing scent of Alpha and use his fingers and mouth to help him through his heats, was careful with him even when Steve didn’t want him to be.
Project Rebirth had changed things. Suddenly he’d been bigger, stronger...healthy, and that was good. Better than good, actually, because all of a sudden he didn’t register as an omega anymore. No omega scent, no urge to bow his head and avert his eyes, no more body wrecking heats. The fact he’d been an omega was scrubbed from his record, never to be mentioned again.
He’d been fine with his new body until he’d gotten Bucky back and realized all at once that he was still broken, just a different kind of broken. He never asked anyone but he had a feeling that whatever he was now was no more able to bond or breed with Bucky than he’d been before.
Maybe less able.
Bucky didn’t say anything, would never, but it was there in the worried wrinkle between his eyes, the way he’d sometimes scent him when he thought Steve wasn’t aware only to cringe back, the fact he no longer cuddled close and used his scent to mark Steve as his.
It was awful and it hurt and sometimes in the quiet of those cold nights he would have given anything to go back to who he’d been before it meant he could have Bucky back.
He’d forced a confrontation eventually; he was different, yeah, but he still handled things like he always had: loudly, headfirst, and willing to use his fists if he’d needed to. Bucky had just blinked at him owlishly then reached out, dragging rough fingers along the inside of Steve’s wrists like he’d used to.

“It ain’t you Stevie." Bucky’s eyes darkened for a moment and Steve’s stomach twisted, a warmth spreading through him. “Could never not want you.”


“Then what is it?”


Bucky blinked slowly then nodded once. “After the mission. After we have Zola.”

They never talk about it. Bucky falls and Steve wished he’d fallen along with him. It would have hurt less and, really, it makes no sense for it hurt like it does and he knows that. Bucky wasn’t his mate, they weren’t bonded, hadn’t touched or traded scents in a very long time and he knew all of that but it did nothing to stop him from feeling like a part of him had been ripped away. The world dimmed around him, his senses were thrown off, his reaction time was well and truly messed up. He couldn't sleep, could barely eat...he was falling apart.
It was a struggle to function and if he’d still been an omega and Bucky had been his mate he’d say he was suffering from traumatic bond severing and that he was dying as a result.
It was almost a relief when he realized he’d have to set the plane down in the water. He knew it was awful to feel that way, knew he should have wanted to fight harder and live because that’s what Bucky would have wanted for him.
But Bucky was dead and gone and Steve was left and he was tired.
----
Tony Stark reminded him of Bucky in some ways but in other ways was nothing at all like him and Steve couldn’t help but like him for it. He was smart, too smart, and loud, brash, hated following orders, hated his father (Who Steve was kind of a fan of) and always knew the exact wrong thing to say.
He was an omega but he was nothing like Steve was used to. He ran his own company, slept with whoever he pleased (according to scandalized newspaper headlines), and other than Pepper he listened to no one.
He’d been there shortly after Steve had woken up, taking credit for thawing him out. He’d fought with Nick Fury and insisted that Steve would do better in Stark Tower and not in SHIELD custody as he adjusted to the time jump.
Steve hadn’t cared much either way, hadn’t really cared about anything except that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
err kinda?

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Past Rape/Non-con
Everyone Has Issues
Infidelity
kind of?
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Feels
Hurt
General lack of comfort
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Biting
Tony Stark Has Issues
Omega/Omega sex
Dubious Consent
Explicit Language
Tony Stark has a Filthy Mouth and brain

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
err kinda?

