Work Text:
Tony throws the briefing packet back on the table in front of Fury, feeling more than a little ill at having read what’s in there. He focuses his eyes back down on the bustle of the helicarrier’s bridge, at where Colonel Hill is pretending like she’s not listening to everything that’s being said.“No,” he says. Short and succinct. Ought to properly communicate his distaste with this bullshit. “Wait, fuck no.”The director of S.H.I.E.L.D. just shakes his head in that exasperated way of his. “Tony, please try to understand...”“What is confusing about the word no?” he demands, crossing his arms, and shoves back a bit. “What could possibly be not clear about me not wanting, no, not doing this.” He looks over at Coulson, who’s huddled up in a miserable-looking ball against a far bulkhead. “What do you think about it, Agent Coulson? Think this is a good idea? Cause I kinda think you don’t.”The agent doesn’t say anything, and Fury steps back in, wrapping the table to get his attention.“We don’t have a choice, Tony. The world, it’s changed too much. If he panics, we’ve got no chance of keeping him...”“Caged up?” Tony offers.“Safe,” Fury supplies, and sighs. “Look, Tony, this is the plan, and we’re goin’ ahead with it, whether you’re on board or not. We can always find somebody else to play...”“My imaginary relative?” he snaps, and stands up, pacing away, trying to think. Shit, he does not want to do this. It’s bad enough that S.H.I.E.L.D. found Steve Rogers, Captain fucking America, barely alive, in a coma in some ice field in Greenland. God only knows what they’re going to use some old-timer patriot for once they get him thawed out and working again. Maybe that ridiculous Avengers Initiative thing. Who knows?But this, wanting to keep Rogers in some Forties fantasy world, have Tony himself go in there and perpetuate the story, in order to... to what? Torture him by putting him in a position of playing nice with dad’s best experiment ever? Dad’s golden boy, the one who could do no wrong, who was always better than him? He can’t exactly say that, though.“You really think that’s going to make him more comfortable?” he asks instead. “My dad was not exactly a people person.”“Steve Rogers liked Howard, worked closely with him, from what I understand from... research,” Coulson says quietly from his post. “More importantly, he trusted him. We obviously can’t get your father, Tony...”He rolls his eyes. “Of course not, seeing as he’s dead...”“...but we can give him a member of the Stark family. That’s not a lie, if it’s you. He could use you, Tony, when he wakes up. I’ll be running this personally. We’re not going to screw you over.”Tony rubs the surface of his arc reactor through his t-shirt, looking at them both, considering. He hates all this S.H.I.E.L.D. business, all this super-spy bullshit. He liked it way, way better when the only people he had to deal with were the CIA. At least they’re honest about being manipulative bastards...“Fine,” he says, and goes back for the briefing packet, opening to the page that describes their entirely stupid little set. He holds it up. “But this is not going to fly. You want me to introduce him to the modern world slowly, fine. I choose the location. It’s mine. You got that?”He’s well aware of half the bridge crew watching him, Hill leaning forward on one of those railings, her eyes on Fury, Fury staring up at the ceiling, like he’s praying for patience.“Fine,” he finally says. “You get your input, Stark. But this op still belongs to me.” And he looks at him. “And you’re shaving off that damn goatee. Can’t think of how we’d possibly explain that to the man.”Fat chance, Tony thinks to himself, but goes back to studying the packet. Hmm. There’s a Stark facility in upstate New York, one of his Walter Reed collaboration programs. It’s old, unrenovated in a lot of respects, and with a little work, might be just the thing...He may not give a shit about Steve Rogers, not really, but problems, problems are always interesting.

+++++
The air smells like fresh-cut grass and sunshine, drifting in through an open window. It’s the first thing Steve notices, that smell. He hasn’t smelled that in all the long months he’s been in Europe, in the gray mud of the war.So where is he? England? Back in America? He can’t remember. What happened, how he got here. And everything’s too bright, too clean, for him to get a purchase on any of it...“Captain Rogers?” a man’s voice asks from a darker patch, opposite the window. “You awake?”He turns towards it, every muscle in his body screaming at him in the kind of pain he hasn’t felt since the serum took hold. There are tubes in his arms that pull at him, preventing movement. And he must have groaned or cussed or something, because then there’s a hand on his shoulder, steadying him.“Easy, captain,” that voice continues, and he’s being offered a glass of water now, being helped to sit up. “You’ve been asleep a long time. Your body’s going to need some time t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

