Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"But law being put to silence by the wars,
We, from her houses driven, most willingly
Suffer'd exile: let thy sword bring us home."--Lucan's First Book (278-80). Translated by Christopher Marlowe.----------The manacles dragged at his wrists, the chains hanging heavy from his arms. Loki could feel his magic and his strength draining down into the cold iron every second, drip by drip, a never-ceasing ache. The mere act of bearing the weight of the links was exhausting, but he was damned if he would show as much to the mortals who stood around him and his brother. Doubly damned if he would show even a hint to Thor himself.He watched, gagged into silence, as Thor spoke to his so-called friends, exchanging words and promises and oaths of fealty and friendship. His teeth scraped against the metal bit in his mouth as he gnawed in his frustration, worrying at the thick plate locked down over his tongue. The mortals had fed him through his veins while he was their prisoner, so he wasn't bothered yet by hunger or thirst, but his inability to speak to them, to plead his case, to explain, boiled in his blood.Finally, it was done. Thor stepped up to him, the Tesseract in its case held out for him to take hold. Of course. It wouldn't do but for him to have to participate in his own fate. With a surge of defiance, Loki snatched at the proffered handle, and let himself be taken home. Taken to Asgard.It was nightfall when they arrived. At one time, Loki might have seen the reprieve as an opportunity, but today he was simply too tired. All he wanted was to get it over with. Be punished, be sentenced. Exiled. Executed. It didn't matter. So long as he could rest at the end of it.But rest, it seemed, was a long way off. Literally. They appeared on the new-wrought Bridge, just beyond the skeleton of a new Observatory, and Loki eyed the long distance between them and the city with distaste."My King!"Loki closed his eyes. Of course. Who else but the King's closest companions would be awaiting his return? He turned to see the Warriors Three and Lady Sif standing behind them, armed to the teeth and prepared, no doubt, to escort their mighty ruler and his dangerous prisoner back to the City.But first, there was another round of embraces, and then each of them had to be greeted by turn. Then, of course, the chained miscreant (himself) had to be dragged forward to be displayed and the tale of his foul deeds related in great detail. At last, Thor announced that they should be on their way. Loki was briefly heartened when Lady Sif summoned mounts from the dome, but his spirits sank again when he realized that there was none for him.Walking back in disgrace it was, then.Fandral, at least, made mention of it. "Must we ride back at your brother's pace, Thor?" he complained. "It will take ages.""Do you have other plans?" Lady Sif retorted. "A tryst, perhaps?""Alas, only with my own bed, Lady Sif," Fandral answered. "But the hour does grow late.""We have walked this road many times before," Thor said. "And taken more than a few hours to do so. Do not tell me you have no tales worth telling from my time away."That seemed to be the end of the discussion. Loki's chains were lashed to the saddle of Thor's horse--presumably so that he wouldn't repeat his plunge from the Bridge--and they set off.At first, the journey wasn't difficult. Despite the humiliation of forcing him to walk while others rode above him, Thor at least kept the pace an easy one. Loki's long legs were able to keep up with the slow gait of the horses, and he soon fell into a plodding, steady rhythm. But he was tired, and the chains were heavy, and he found himself allowing the horse to pull him along more often than not. He even let his eyes fall shut from time to time, at least so long as they walked the straight, flat roads to the City.It was somewhat of a surprise, then, to suddenly come awake again to the feel of a rough hand twisting in his hair, pulling his head back. Loki blinked, and found himself looking up into Hogun's unsmiling face. How had he gotten on his knees?"Loki?" Thor's face loomed up next to Hogun's, his thick brow creased with concern. "Are you well?"Loki would have laughed, if it wouldn't have hurt so much behind the sharp metal of the gag. Of course he wasn't "well." He was wearing pound upon pound of ugly metal designed to slowly suck out the heart of his being. No wonder he'd--apparently--nearly fainted on his feet.Telling Thor that, however, even if he had the ability to speak, was unthinkable. So Loki did what he did best--lied, this time with a sharp nod--and climbed back to his feet.A glance around showed that they had traveled most of the way back. Instead of reassuring him, he found the fact deeply unsettling. The last thing he remembered clearly was leaving the Bridge, meaning that he must have walked in his half-stupor for a long while indeed. Still, it was only a little further to go. He would walk it on his own two fe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Rape
non-con
Miscarriage
Infanticide
Mpreg
Suicidal Thoughts
abortion (discussion)
Depression
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Community: norsekink
Work In Progress
Slavery
Humiliation
Situational Humiliation
Original Character(s)
Slash
Forced Headshaving
Whipping
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Sibling Incest (No Blood Relation)
Incest
Unreliable Narrator
Sibling Incest
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Haircuts

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

