Work Text:
“Hey, is this Foggy Nelson?”Foggy blinks at his phone for a second. It was an unfamiliar number, so he was expecting either someone wanting to sell Franklin Nelson religion or credit cards or Matt calling with a Saturday-morning emergency. This is neither of those things. “Yes, speaking.”“Hi, Foggy! I'm glad you didn't change your number. This is Sam Wilson—you know, from college?”Foggy turns off his TV. “I don't exactly know a lot of other Sam Wilsons, but hi, man, how are you doing? Last I heard from Facebook you were in DC.” And last he heard from the news, he was standing at Captain America's shoulder during a news briefing, but Foggy is really not equal to the task of talking about that right now.“I was, but I'm in the city at least part-time these days. I figured I'd look you up, I just wasn't sure if you still had the same number.”“I'm going to have this number till I die. I will fight whoever decides to take it from me. What brings you back to the city?”Sam pauses. Sam, or at least Sam when Foggy knew him, is not given to silence except when he's listening, and the well-honed instincts Foggy is developing for when Matt is about to bullshit him start going off. “I suspect you have a few guesses,” he finally says, and Foggy's got to respect that. His identity isn't as top-secret as Matt's, but he's not as public as some of the Avengers. “But I wondered if you wanted to meet up for lunch. It's been too long since we caught up.”“Sure, I've got nothing to do today.” He and Matt still aren't hanging out too much on the weekends, which isn't great, but at least leaves him free to catch up with old friends. “There's a great diner a couple blocks from me. I'll text you the address, meet you there about twelve thirty? I should probably shower.”“Sounds great,” says Sam, so sincere it's a little painful. “It'll be great to see you, man.”“Yeah, you can tell me all about being friends with Captain America,” says Foggy, because he's a little bit of an asshole and he owns it, and hangs up.

*
Sam wins the asshole competition, because he shows up to lunch with Captain Steve Rogers, who is wearing the world's tightest shirt, and Natasha Romanoff, whose testimony in front of Congress Foggy watched on repeat after the whole SHIELD thing hit the fan.Foggy greets Sam with a hug, getting a few slaps on the back as he does, and raises his eyebrows to say “Always nice to catch up in private with an old friend” before he moves to shake hands with superheroes. At least he can be a little bit blasé. He slept on a superhero's couch last Tuesday night.Sam just grins at him. “Figured you might as well meet them straight off. Steve, Natasha, this is Foggy, I knew him in undergrad, and—you did do the law degree thing, right? Where are you working these days? You never post on Facebook.”“Yeah, neither do you, Falcon,” says Foggy, picking out a booth and sitting down. At least New Yorkers are too proud of their own coolness to make it too obvious that they're spying on a bunch of superheroes having lunch with a guy from the neighborhood. “And yes, I did the law degree thing, you are speaking to Franklin Nelson, Esquire. I've got my own firm with my friend Matt.”Sam nods. “I've seen some pictures of him, right? I don't think he's on Facebook at all.”“He doesn't get much good out of it.” Foggy shrugs, and says “He's blind” when Captain America and the Black Widow both look politely interested. “Now, are you going to admit that you won this reunion and send your friends away before they get bored to death, or are we going to keep on for a while?”That makes Captain—no, he's really got to call him Steve, Foggy refuses to be intimidated—that makes Steve grin, surprisingly wicked for a national hero. It's a very Matt grin, the one he does when he's about to say something that will get a jury on their side. “Mr. Nelson, we won't be bored, I promise. We were hoping for some stories about Sam in college. He always claims he didn't do anything against the rules at all, but I think he's lying.”Foggy glances at Sam, catches him beaming, glances at Natasha and finds her looking back with her head tilted, and relaxes into a grin. “I mean, if you're looking for embarrassing stories, I'm definitely your man. Let's order some burgers, and then I'm going to tell you about the time Sam got stuck on the roof of the student union.”It's not quite the most surreal two hours Foggy has ever spent (sitting in Matt's apartment waiting for him to wake up and explain probably wins that one, with the first alien invasion a close second), but by the time his phone rings, he's made Natasha laugh with her hand over her mouth like she was surprised she was laughing and threatened to smack Captain America upside the head for trying to steal the check.“Sorry, I know this is rude, but it's my best friend,” Foggy says once he's checked his phone and seen Matt's name. Sam just gestures him on and turns to ask Natasha a quiet question, so Foggy answers, turning aw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & The Avengers

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Blind Date
Community: daredevilkink
Avengers Movie Night
Matchmaking
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & The Avengers

