Work Text:
I. She is a very serious child.Everyone says so: “What a very serious child!” They are forever asking her to smile, or trying to make her laugh with make-believe games. She finds their enthusiasm embarrassing. Grown-ups should be more dignified – not rolling about on the floor with wooden trains.Natalia realizes all of this later, of course. She's only four, then, and doesn't know the words embarrassing or dignified – but she's certain she would have used them, if she could. She remembers a sense of deep second-hand shame, a feeling of desperation. Why didn't anyone come and tell them that they were acting like fools?Her father never asks her to smile, or rolls about on the floor with toys. She wishes the others would be more like her father. ☙ Natalia is stacking blocks very carefully when the adults come into the room. None of them look at her, because they're all looking at her father. He's wearing combat gear, and the hair on the left side of his head is slicked back with blood. He smells like smoke and something unnameable, sweet and dark and a little sickly in her nose.Father is saying, “Don't be ridiculous. The only thing children are good at is disobeying.”She remembers the conversation in Russian, the way she remembers all the vague things that happened to her when she was young, but now, she isn't sure. She thinks it might have been English, or maybe French. It was a soft language, in her father's soft voice. It's the first time she remembers him speaking.“Your papa is here,” her teacher says, redundantly.Natalia is trying to be imperious – she doesn't know the word yet, but that is the thing she's trying to be. She sits on her heels, her spine very straight. Father comes and copies her on the floor. His gear makes unhappy creaking noises and his metal arm whines like a broken drill.“What are you doing?” her father asks, in Russian.“I am building a tower,” Natalia says, “And then I am going to knock it down.”“Why are you doing that?” her father asks.To learn detachment, she wants to say, but doesn't know how. Sometimes, she means, you must break beautiful things, and you must not hesitate. You must learn to let go of that which is not meant for you.“Order comes through pain,” Natalia says.Her teacher smiles, but Father frowns. He only wears this expression when the other grown-ups can't see his face.This is how she learns that adults are disobedient too. ☙ Natalia lives with sixteen other girls. They're all around the same age. It's an experiment, she hears the adults say. They're trying to determine the time-cost efficacy of raising assets. Rearing the blood of the Soldat. They want to replicate her father's perfection. Father is special: he's the only one who can come out of the machines intact. Everyone else loses something of themselves between the halo and the tank.It doesn't mean they've stopped trying. Sometimes, smoke and screaming come from the prep room when Father is out on a mission. When the room is empty, the girls dare each other to sit in the chair for a minute. Yana goes in alone and wipes herself, trying to prove that she is the Soldat's best daughter, that she can survive what other humans can't.Yana is right: she does survive. But there isn't much left of her when it's over.Natalia isn't afraid of the chair. It can't hurt her if she doesn't turn it on. When the staff have left the machines alone, it's the quietest place on the compound, so she sneaks into the prep room and sits in it whenever she can. The lights are always blinking lazily: drowsy monster eyes. She curls up in the chair and imagines what secret things the machines are saying to each other through their thick black cables. She imagines them singing where she can't hear, humming through the wires like metal whales.Once, Natalia falls asleep under the halo. When she opens her eyes, the room is full of technicians and her father is bending over her, smiling in his crooked way.“Natashen'ka,” he says. “Were you keeping it warm for me?”They let Natalia sit on his lap while the halo sparks. His body goes rigid and he screams like he's dying.She puts her tiny arms around his neck when the electricity stops, his big gulping breaths hot against her ear. When they retract his restraints, he touches her like she's made of spun sugar, like she'll crumble under his hands.“Interesting,” someone says.“Beta waves stabilized on eject,” someone says.“We need more data,” someone says.This is how she becomes her father's keeper. ☙ “I like it,” Father says later. They're practising her English.“Doesn't it hurt?” Natalia asks. Pain is good, she's been taught, but you aren't really meant to enjoy it.He shrugs with his face, as if to say, yes, perhaps, it doesn't matter. “But,” he says, “I'm, y'know, enhanced. Remember everything. Faces, names, license plates, phone numbers – things I ain't supposed to know. It gets messy, so they take away the junk. Clean it all up.”“That doesn't sound very enhanced,” Natalia says, and her fat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Kate Bishop/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Growing Up
standard Winter Soldier trauma umbrella
violence committed by children upon children (mostly offscreen)
Epilepsy
Amnesia
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Red Room
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Kate Bishop/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

