Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Okay, so you're probably thinking, This guy seems like a total douche. You're half right.
But seriously, I'm a completely normal teenager. A normal  genius-billionaire-philanthropist-playboy teenager. Who goes to a school  for government agents and superheroes in training. Every morning, I get  up, trim my goatee, take a shot of Jack Daniels (which Ke$ha totally  stole from me, by the way), and pick out my school clothes.
"JARVIS! MAKE ME PRETTY."
"I've already taken the liberty of fetching an outfit for you this morning, Mr. Stark."
"Did you fetch me a fetching outfit?" I step toward the large, walk-in  closet and check out what JARVIS has picked out for me. He's got great  taste—I programmed him that way—but I like to keep him on his toes.  "Ehh. It'll do."
"Very good, sir," he drawls. I know he's an AI unit, but trust me, JARVIS can fucking drawl.
My parents are both dead so I live with this hardass named Nick Fury,  who's taken it upon himself to try and whip me into shape, make me  realize my potential, blah blah horseshit blah. It's fine because it  gets lonely in the mansion when it's just me and JARVIS. Fury is the  director of an agency called S.H.I.E.L.D. and it's all he can ever talk  about. He needs to get laid something fierce. Also, he's missing an eye,  which is my favorite thing to needle him about.
"Morning, Cyclops," I say, entering the kitchen. Fury is eating oatmeal,  of all things. The guy wears an eye patch, carries like, eight  concealed weapons, and he eats fucking Quaker Oats for breakfast.
"Don't start with me, Stark," he mutters, not looking up from his newspaper. "You're already running late for school."
"School schmool." Not a great comeback, but honestly, school is for  chumps. I'm already rich and smarter than everyone else there. Or, well,  maybe not smarter—but I am richer and better looking. I grab a protein  shake from the fridge. "Got a lot of world-saving to do today?"
"It's classified. Oh, and don't make any plans tonight. Steve is in town and he's coming for dinner."
"What." I throw myself upon the kitchen island. Fury just rolls his eyes. Eye.
"Be nice, Tony."
"He's like, two hundred years old. And boring. Why do I have to be nice to him?"
"More like ninety," Fury says, smirking. "And because. Much like you,  he's my responsibility. And he's a good influence. Just because he was  frozen for over half a century doesn't mean he can't teach you some life  lessons."
"Maybe he can teach me the jitterbug," I mutter under my breath.
Fury has exceptional hearing. "He was too busy fighting Nazis to dance!  Remember Nazis, Stark?" he calls out. "Saving the  world so your lazy ass could sit in a lab and make toaster ovens all day  instead of doing your goddamn homework! What do you think about that, big mouth?"
I flip him off as I leave the kitchen. A typical morning, all in all.
*
Did I happen to mention that I drive a convertible? I do. It's red with  gold detailing and tricked out as fuck because that's how I roll. It  does double-duty as a lady magnet and a dude magnet  and it's pretty much the best ride ever. I don't have a license yet  because whatever, I'm Tony fucking Stark and I know how to drive. I don't need a piece of plastic with an organ donor  sticker on it to tell me what I can and can't do. Also, I need my  organs. All of them. Forever.
I drive up to Coulson's house, where he's standing by the curb and  waiting, as always. In an impeccable dark suit, as always. Coulson's  dream is to work for S.H.I.E.L.D. and he takes it just a wee bit too  seriously, if you ask me. We're friends because Fury made us. All things  considered, I like Coulson. He comes off as rigid and serious, but he  has his moments of badassery. I once saw him incapacitate someone with a  pencil and a wad of bubble gum in the boys' locker room. I could not  even tell you how.
"Good morning, Agent Coulson," I say, as he gets into the car. He loves  being called "Agent." He gets this little gleam in his eyes every time.
"You're always late," he says. "And then you make me late."
"Phyllis, this baby goes from zero to sixty in negative three seconds. Trust me, we won't be late."
Coulson twitches. He's not as fond of "Phyllis" as a nickname.
"Just drive," he says. So I do. As fast as the car can take us.  Coulson's tie flies up into his face and he sputters. "Tony, that was a  stop sign back there! Not to mention an old lady in a wheelchair who's  probably a blue-haired smudge on the pavement, thanks to you."
"I totally paused!"
J/k, I didn't.
After we arrive at Avengers Academy, we're barely out of the car for ten  seconds before Coulson starts getting texts from his boyfriend. Clint  Barton isn't a bad guy—he's the captain of the archery team and he's  probably going to be the most deadly sniper ever one day, so I do my  best never to piss him off. But he's pretty needy and treats Coulson  like his own personal handler sometimes, always texting him and wanting  to know wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Movie Fusion
First Time
Romantic Comedy
Banter
POV First Person
First Love

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts

