Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sophie knew that leaving her house was a mistake. She’d known this fact since she was five-years-old. She’d snuck into her father’s study and put her hands on her father’s computer, the one he’d said she must never go by. He always kept the study locked anyway. But he’d forgotten tonight—he and Sophie’s mother were at yet another benefit and a negligent teenage babysitter was watching (in the loosest definition of the word) Sophie—and Sophie was what people like to affectionately call a “rascal” and not-so-affectionately call a “menace” (usually through gritted teeth).This meant that Sophie broke rules, made messes, and caused trouble.She’d clambered onto the large oak desk, sitting right in front of the huge bay window which revealed a stormy black sky outside, lightning flashing and thunder cracking in the sky, and had eagerly turned the computer on with her chubby preschooler finger.That was when things had gone all wrong.The computer booted up and it hadn’t looked like the normal computer log-in screen Sophie saw on their family computer in the computer room. Glowing green symbols had flashed on the screen. She’d tilted her head, frowned, and smacked a hand onto the screen. She would forever wonder if she’d triggered something because of her action, or if it had just been chance, or if Fate had been sneering down on her—but lightning crashed through the window and hit the computer at the same time that Sophie touched it. Computers generally do not conduct electricity but Sophie’s body and world lit up like the Fourth of July. The computer exploded, Sophie felt her bones melt and snap, her eyes rolled in her head, her body shook like she was seizing, and there was a sharp stabbing pain in her head. Oh, and the light. Yes, the light. So much light. The world seemed to go up in flames around her.The baby sitter found Sophie’s body lying in a wreckage of charred oak desk and mangled, melted plastic bits of the computer. Her hair and eyebrows and eyelashes had completely burned off her face and strange purple, white, and red welts and marks covered her entire body.Screams were heard. Paramedics called. Parents rushed to the hospital.And somehow Sophie lived.No one knew how she did it. As far as doctors could tell, she had been directly hit by a full bolt of lightning. She should have been completely fried. Her tiny heart should have stopped. But instead, the marks on her body faded, her hair and eyebrows and eyelashes grew back, and she was left with some beautiful patterns of her veins mapped out on her skin for a while until those too faded.A verifiable miracle by all accounts.What made it even more amazing was what Sophie could do after…Her parents became extremely overprotective. She wasn’t allowed to go anywhere alone. She was escorted everywhere. She was forced to go to a local college (two local colleges, in fact, but that was a long story) so she wouldn’t have to move far away from her parents. She had almost no friends and everything about the outside world frightened her. But when she was 21 and graduated college, she’d finally had enough. Heart racing, hands trembling, she firmly told her parents goodbye and promptly moved to a new apartment…across town. (There was only so much independence she could take in one dose. Baby steps, she figured.)Her parents tried to insist on paying for a nicer apartment but Sophie was determined to do something on her own. She made next to no money working at a local coffee shop and at a Home Depot but it was enough to pay for her shabby apartment, food, and the clothes on her back. So she was okay.Even if going outside made her nervous. And lightning made her nervous. And technology made her nervous.A lot of things made Sophie Duran nervous.“I should buy my own car,” she told herself firmly as she straddled her bicycle and headed for the local grocery market. “Yes. I will save up and buy myself a car.”Sophie knew she was never going to buy herself a car. They frightened her. Too much risk.Teetering precariously on her way home, peering over the brown bag of groceries balanced carefully on her handlebars (she’d perfected this system a few months ago), she slowly pedaled home, enjoying the summer evening. Washington D.C. could be unbearably hot in the summer but it was still late May; they had time still before the oppressive heat arrived. Aside from going to the work and to the library, this was the extent of Sophie venturing out into the real world. She still didn’t know anyone in her neighborhood and she didn’t care to. She kept to herself. It was safer that way.It wasn’t that people didn’t try to get to know her. Her coworkers at Home Depot had long given up on trying to befriend her but guys regularly tried to hit on her at the coffee shop. Sophie didn’t even know how to deflect them. She just withdrew until they went away.It wasn’t that Sophie was a complete coward. She had a spark in her, a liveliness, a curiosity, a playfulness…but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Romance
Action
Drama
Adventure
Violence
Physical Abuse
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Attempted Sexual Assault
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Kidnapping

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

