Work Text:
So, Steve hadn’t always had a ridiculous crush on Tony Stark. In fact, there was a time (back when Steve was still that short kid from Brooklyn who couldn’t even get onto the football team) when he was sure that he’d hated the guy, with his sharp remarks and arrogance and the way he seemed to just genuinely not care, about anything, about anyone.Tony Stark was a dick, through and through. He was sure of it. “I don’t know how you put up with him,” Steve had complained to Pepper one day over their history project (Pepper aced history, Steve was alright at it; they went well together, with her patient temperament and smiles and no-bullshit and cleverness, and his modest common sense and polite determinedness).“Ah,” Pepper said, like she wasn’t really paying much attention, but she was; he could see it in the twitch of her mouth, like she was recalling a bad memory (he wouldn’t be surprised, with Tony Stark), “he grows on you.”“I sure hope not,” Steve muttered under his breath, scribbling some notes onto his sheet, and Pepper cocked an eyebrow at him.“What was that?”Steve said, innocently, “Nothing.”She hid a smile behind her hand.Pepper had been his friend since he’d first come here a year ago. They’d bonded over the pure amount of idiocy of some of the members of the class, and it was great. Everything was great. His grades were good, he had a social life (well, sort of. The fact that he went around, uh, trying to beat up bullies certainly didn’t help his popularity), and he was overall contented with his life. The only problem? “He is such a dick,” Steve fumed.“You did tell him he would be nothing without his tech.” Pep said ‘tech’ like it was a strange food that she couldn’t quite decide if she liked yet or not.Steve scowled. “He said that –”“You had bad fashion sense and listened to music that belonged in the ’40s,” Pep finished, long-sufferingly. “Honestly! Men. Can’t get past their petty rivalries.”Steve shut up after that.But Tony Stark did, in fact, grown on him (and, take it from Steve, both parties had tried their very best to prevent this at all costs). It hadn’t happened quickly, almost accidently; one day Steve’s mother had been caught up at work and he hadn’t had a ride home from Pep’s. Both of Pepper’s parents were at work.He had stood at the bus stop, waiting for a bus that didn’t come. And then he’d waited for this next bus, which also decided not to come, and by that time, it had begun to rain. Not just tiny droplets, not just a shower, but massive waves of it. Steve huddled into his coat, going as far into the bus shelter as was physically possibly without going right through the back of it. He’d been about to wonder if he should just walk the five miles home. And then,“Rogers!”Steve looked up sharply. Tony was sitting rather comfortably in his ridiculously comfortable and dry-looking car (which had been an apology from Tony’s father, he’d found out from Pepper, for not being around enough. Steve would never admit it, but he’d felt a tiny bit of compassion for Tony at that moment), and motioning rather violently to Steve.Steve stared.Tony rolled down the window. “Get in, Steve,” the boy said, tiredly. “I’ll give you a ride. I’m sure you can bear my company for that long. Unless you’d rather...” He waved a hand towards the approaching storm clouds.Steve quickly shuffled over to the passenger side and got in.“Thanks,” he said, not looking at the other boy.Tony snorted and threw the car into gear, driving with a sort of manic speed that made Steve feel like his heart was about to jump out through his throat. “Shitty weather,” Tony said decisively. “What were you doing stuck out there, anyway?”Steve shrugged, still not looking at Tony. “Ride bailed out,” he said lamely.Tony nodded, as if this answered everything. “Well, next time,” he said firmly, “ring me, instead of waiting in the fucking rain, okay?” His eyes slid to Steve.Steve nodded, glancing nervously at the road out of the corner of his eye, and Tony turned back to the steering wheel, apparently satisfied. Steve watched the other boy, biting his lip. Maybe he should just forget about it. It wasn’t like he was going to ask Stark for a bloody ride, anyway. For God’s sake, they hated each other – Tony was probably resenting the moment he’d ever offered Steve a ride already.Right?His mouth moved anyway. “Um,” Steve said.Tony cocked an eyebrow at him. Somebody swore vehemently at them as Tony narrowly missed a pedestrian.“I don’t have your number,” Steve finished, stupidly. He waited for Tony to laugh at him, or make a sarcastic comment, or –“Oh.” Tony slapped himself on the forehead. “Of course!” He cocked his head thoughtfully, and then said, apparently to the ceiling, “JARVIS, will you please program my number into Mr Rogers’ phone?”Oh. Steve knew about JARVIS, Tony’s incredible AI, the one he’d been working on since he was eight or something. Steve had never believed Pep’s stories, but –“Of course, sir,” JARVIS said, and Steve’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Humour
Fluff
Kinda
Tony Stark makes mean girls references
I don't even know what this
Alternate Universe - High School
High School AU
Steve is secretly a pining 14 year old girl
Slash
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

