Work Text:
1.Three Manhattans, more hoity toity canapés than Steve wants to think about later, and he’s still depressingly sober, painfully hungry and mind numbingly bored. His date is deeply immersed in a conversation with what looks like a bunch of lawyers or equally dull types and Steve does his best not to yawn. The party has been going on for long enough to permit tugging at his black tie and unbuttoning the top of his shirt.Ditching the polite conversation he isn’t taking part in, Steve takes his drink and saunters over to the window. The view is impressive, New York City small and stretched out below him, even at this hour a hum of activity. He lets his mind wander over lines and shapes, sketching the city in quick, harsh strokes, drawing light and dark contrast to captivate the never sleeping vibe.Later, he thinks, closing his eyes to burn the image on his lids.“You’re way too young and pretty to be here voluntarily,” someone murmurs close to his ear and Steve startles, spilling a little of his drink over his thumb.“Tony Stark,” Steve says, when he turns around and sucks the alcohol off his hand. He looks the part. Genius playboy, like the papers suggest, and billionaire philanthropist. Steve wonders if it’s all true.“The one and only. So what’s your price? I’ll pay double.”That’s a yes, then. “That’s not very polite, is it Mr Stark,” Steve says and he feels his damned cheeks burning.“Tony. And if you’re looking for polite, you’re in the wrong place. If you’re looking to fool me, well.” Tony looks away for a second, toward the skyline view behind them but Steve doesn’t think he really sees it. “You wouldn’t be the first. Anyway, I’m not wrong this time, am I? What’ll it be? I’m busy and important.”Steve lets out a laugh and glances at Esther, who is nursing her fourth, if not fifth martini. She’s not going to expect anything but a lift home from him tonight. He turns his gaze on Tony again, taking in the grin that borders a leer, the amber liquid in a crystal glass and finds that he’s already drawing that jawline, etching the shadow of his goatee. The man is handsome, Steve’ll give him that, but he’s definitely tipsy if not drunk. Still, Steve’s not going to pass up the opportunity to make a quick buck.“Depends on what you’re after,” he says, leaning in a little. The way Stark has to look up at him is strangely satisfying. “Got a place we could go to?”Stark smirks, tips his glass and drains it. “My room’s an elevator ride away.”Steve dips his head and smiles, thinks of course, as he watches him walk off, Stark Tower.Ten feet away Stark presses an elevator button and quirks his eyebrow in a, well?Steve takes a breath and drains his own glass, leaving it on a table without looking who’s occupying it, and goes.“Drink?” Tony asks, as soon as the lift doors slide open silently. He’s already halfway across the room when Steve says,“Sure”. He won’t drink it, but it might stop him from gaping around like an idiot. The place is spectacular. One wall is complete glass, the carpet so lush he can feel it through his shoes. There’s an organized mess of technology he can’t begin to understand and he’s about to pick up an odd disk that reads ‘Proof Tony Stark has a Heart’ when Tony appears in his field of vision.“What do I call you, gorgeous,” Tony says before waving a casual hand, inviting Steve into the living room. He’s looking at him as if he’s expecting something along the lines of, “What would you like it to be”. So Steve thinks he surprises them both when he says,“Steve, Steve Rogers.”Tony’s eyebrows rise a little but he smiles and sits down on a large leather couch, arms stretched over the back, legs crossed at the ankle. Is he posing, Steve wonders, or is Tony Stark really that confident.“Well, Steve ––” Tony says, amusement dancing in his dark eyes. Steve would use his black micron pen to capture the night in those pupils. “–– do you top or bottom?”“I,” Steve feels the blush rising to his cheeks, making Tony smile wider. He can’t help it, with his pale complexion. If he tries to suppress it, he’ll only blush harder. “Either way,” he says, glad for the scotch in his hand, taking a drink after all.“Hmm,” Tony says, stretching deeper into his seat. “The decision’s mine then. Let me look at you, Steve. Strip.”Steve swallows, his hand tightening slightly around the crystal before setting his glass down on the coffee table. He pulls his tie further out of its knot while stepping out of his shoes. Tony says nothing, just eyes him up and down, completely at ease and Steve wonders if he’d misjudged, if Tony’s even drunk at all. He lets the tie slip to the ground and begins to unbutton his shirt. He’s not self-conscious, has no reason to be, but he can’t quite make a show out of it either.Tony doesn’t seem to mind, says, “C’mere,” when Steve’s shirt whispers to the ground, spreading his knees and holding out his hands. Steve steps between his legs and Tony slowly pulls his belt from between its loops, unbuttons his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character

freeform: 
Mentions of Prostitution
PTSD related nightmares
lots of feelings
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character

