Work Text:
Steve leaned back against the conference table, casually crossing his arms as he watched the hum of activity before him on the Helicarrier’s bridge. It was always interesting to observe the crew’s efficient work outside of moments of crisis, even if he didn’t yet understand most of what the technicians were doing at the various screens and stations.Director Fury had asked him to meet him here while he was on the Helicarrier. He hadn’t specified why, exactly, but Steve had gathered that the purpose was more bureaucratic than crisis in nature—papers to sign, details to confirm, something along those lines.As the door behind him hissed open, he turned slightly, starting to rise, only to relax again with a friendly nod of greeting when he saw it was simply a crewmember on her way to one of the bridge stations. He smiled as she sidestepped to avoid the sign that was sitting in the middle of the walkway, looking oddly out of place in this otherwise well-ordered area.It was one of the big yellow ones so common in stores these days, warning of wet and potentially hazardous floors. Only instead of depicting an incautious stick figure slipping and falling, someone had altered this particular sign to show Mjolnir’s distinctive outline, and the words “Caution: Unattended Hammer”. And, as Steve had noted on first entering, Thor’s hammer was indeed sitting on the floor underneath the sign.He grinned again now, looking at it. Somehow the joke struck him as particularly funny here, in this sleek, no-nonsense place. It was both incongruous and surprising.He knew well the benefit that a bit of practical joking and the occasional refusal to take to take dignity and tradition too seriously could bring to morale and teamwork, particularly within the confines of highly-structured military organizations. He hadn’t, however, particularly expected Fury to take that view of things. The Avengers (collectively and in their own special individual ways) tried his patience enough that Steve had often thought, with a mildly guilty twinge, that Fury probably cracked down all the harder on the other personnel under his command in consequence, just to maintain some air of order and discipline around here.But apparently he didn’t come down on it too hard, if they could relax enough to carry on the jokes about Mjolnir here of all places. So heavy even the Hulk couldn’t lift it, indeed. He’d had occasion to shift it out of his way once or twice, and it was solidly built, yes, but it was an efficient, well-balanced weapon and wasn’t actually all that heavy. But at some point along the way everyone had gotten into the habit of talking about it as if Thor was the only one who could so much as budge the thing, like it was Excalibur or something, and it had by now turned into a sort of running joke. No one would so much as lift a finger to get it out of the way, no matter what inconvenient location Thor might leave it in.The door hissed open again, and this time it was Director Fury who entered. Steve straightened, but Fury didn’t notice immediately. Instead, his attention was drawn to the bright yellow hammer-caution sign. It was kind of hard to miss.Steve tensed, bracing for an explosion and prepared to step in and attempt to smooth things over if necessary. Or at least draw a bit of the heat down on himself rather than the Helicarrier’s crew. After all, it was mostly the Avengers themselves who were responsible for perpetuating the whole Mjolnir… thing.To his surprise, however, Fury simply sighed and shook his head before letting the matter go.“Captain.” Fury gave him a brief, formal nod.“Sir,” he returned. “I was told you wanted to see me while we were here?”“I did.” Fury moved to deposit the papers he held on the table before continuing. “Normally, when there is a situation that requires the Avengers’ attention it results in enough video recording and media coverage that it’s fairly easy for us to piece together exactly what happened and why, even independent of detailed mission reports. Obviously, given that nearly the entire thing went down in the Antarctic, that is not the case with the incident that took place two days ago. And as it happens, every one of the team’s reports becomes a bit vague at a certain point. However, between the details that are there, the details that conspicuously are not, the evidence at the scene, and certain… rumors, it does not take as much imagination as you might think to put together a picture of just what, exactly, those reports are being vague about.”“Ah.” Steve cleared his throat, but refrained from elaborating.“I suppose you’re wondering why you’re here, rather than Stark.”Yes, he was wondering that. Very much, actually. Because much as he valued team solidarity, there were times when he would very gladly throw Tony Stark under the metaphorical bus rather than be left attempting to rationalize some of his possibly-effective-but-still-insane ideas. But he wasn’t about to say that. Instead, he foun
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Steve being awesome
Steve can use Mjolnir!
Gen Fic
Friendship
Team
Steve can be a teeny bit oblivious sometimes
But that's okay we love him anyway
Humor
Not as silly and cracky as it might sound
Mjolnir - Freeform

fandom: 
None
