Work Text:
Bucky finally allows Steve to catch up with him, four months after the Helicarriers, in Cawker City, Kansas, moving his eyes away from what claims to be the world’s biggest ball of twine to arch a thoroughly unimpressed brow at the man he now recognises as his best friend.“This is kinda boring,” Bucky sighs, scuffing the toe of his boot against the floor.Steve tilts his head, shrugs and says, “It’s twine, Buck, what did you expect?”Bucky doesn’t know. He doesn’t know a lot of things, even though he’s got most of his memories back at this point. Or at least he thinks he does. It’s hard to tell with this sort of thing.“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Bucky admits quietly, risking a first proper glance over at the other man, unable not to respond in kind when Steve smiles at him, open and fond as if it’s easy like this, going back to what, to who they once were.“Let’s go,” Steve says, straightening up and offering Bucky a hand, pulling him to his feet, too, and right into a hug, tight and almost a little painful but so, so good.And maybe it really is, easy like this, Bucky thinks, maybe it doesn’t have to be hard, not if he’s got Steve.They rent a Jeep and take their time, taking turns driving and complaining about the other’s driving, quipping and teasing in a way that’s startlingly familiar and calmingly reassuring, Bucky discovers, swatting at Steve’s grinning face as Steve criticises his parking skills for the third time that day.“The only thing you’ve ever piloted ended up on the bottom of the ocean, so shut it, Rogers,” he snarks and then stills, thinking he’s gone too far for a moment before Steve snorts and starts laughing, flicking the baseball cap off Bucky’s head with an amused, “Jerk.”They don’t really talk about where they’re headed, but once Bucky realises what destination Steve has in mind, he can’t say he’s surprised. They’d enthused and dreamed about it excessively back in the day, after all, about finishing school and saving up, borrowing Bucky’s pa’s car, bundling Bucky’s sisters into the backseat and getting out of the city, just the five of them, for a little while at least.“Holy shit,” Bucky whispers now, awed, as they stand at Roosevelt point, eyes roaming over the vast expanse of the canyon. He turns to grin at Steve, bumping their shoulders together. “Holy shit, Stevie.”“Yeah,” Steve beams back at him, “yeah.”They sit and eat the sandwiches they’ve brought, Bucky basking in the early autumn sun while Steve sketches, both of them utterly content and happy with simply being, right here, with each other, despite all the obstacles life has constantly put in their way for the last eighty-odd years.“Tony offered to take me here once,” Steve says after a while, chucking a handful of dried grass at Bucky because he’s a dumb little punk. “Couldn’t do it, though. Not without you.”Not knowing what to do with the raw emotion laced into Steve’s confession, Bucky latches onto the only safe part of his words. “Tony?”“Howard’s kid, actually,” Steve says, voice growing softer, fonder. “You remember how brilliant Howard was with his projects and experiments and all? Well, he’s got nothing on Tony, guy’s outta this world, swear to God. You’ll like him, I promise.”That’s the first time Bucky hears about Tony, but it won’t stay the last. Not by a long shot.“Do you think Colorado has a lot of rattlesnakes?” Steve asks, completely out of the blue, squinting down at his phone, a little frown between his brows.They’ve been hiking through the Garden of the Gods in companionable silence until now and Bucky snorts, turns to glance at Steve’s profile. “Why? Pretty sure it’d take more than a snake to knock you off your feet, bud.”“Tony’s probably just being obnoxious,” Steve sighs as he slides his cell back into the pocket of his shorts. “He isn’t used to me being gone for more than a coupla days.”Bucky gives a vague hum in response and they resume their walk, quiet once more.They’re in a motel in Keystone a week later when the topic of Tony comes up again, in the middle of the night this time.The sound of Steve’s phone vibrating across the bedside table is enough to rouse Bucky, have him blinking blurrily at Steve’s back as Steve vanishes into the bathroom.And he doesn’t mean to eavesdrop, but Bucky’s thirsty and getting up to grab a bottle of water from the small fridge by the couch brings him right into a hearing range.“-can always call me, you know that, Tony,” Steve is whispering quietly, then adds, more insistently, “No, it’s not embarrassing, we all get them. Tony, stop it, it’s not stupid, it’s okay. I’m glad you called me. You think you can go back to sleep now? Yeah, see you soon.”Bucky slides back under the covers, pretending to be out cold when Steve steps back into the room, but it takes him hours to find sleep again, thoughts of Steve and Tony keeping him occupied well into the early morning.He’s seen Steve having crushes, even being in love once, and this isn’t that. Steve’s usually over the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
POV Bucky Barnes
Getting Together
Developing Relationship
Pining
Idiots in Love
Age Difference
Young Tony Stark
First Kiss
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Love Confessions
mentions of medical experimentation
(kind of)
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Secrets
Family Secrets
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Sappy
Light Angst
Happy Ending
Prompt Fill
Tumblr Prompt

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

