Work Text:
There are a few things about Steve and Bucky that are interesting and strange to the common observer.  They’ve known each other for so long that they’ve developed a kind of symbiotic relationship, and nothing points to the mutualism between them more than Drunk Bucky and Drunk Steve. More specifically, they complete each other when they’re sobering up: even at the same level of fall-down drunk, Bucky wakes to gaping holes in his memory, huge swaths of time missing from the point he takes that final drink between pleasantly drunk and drunk as shit, to the point where he comes out the other side.  Steve, on the other hand, never forgets a thing, especially with alcohol in his system. Steve is also an instigating asshole, so he usually wakes up regretting a minimum of one thing out of all the things he remembers.  At least he doesn’t wake up with absolutely no idea what happened.  He realizes the blessing in that, has realized it since the first time Bucky sat across from him at breakfast, sunglasses on and a surly expression on his face.  “What the fucking shit did I do last night?” he had asked, holding out his arm to show an amateurish tattoo of a star, lines frighteningly uneven. “I don’t know,” Steve had answered, eyes wide as he peered closer at Bucky’s arm.  The closer he got the more obvious it was that not all the redness was from ink.  “Oh my God,” Steve continued.  “I said ‘we should get tattoos’ and then I lost you for three hours.” “Would you even have stopped me?” Bucky questioned, beginning to get hysterical. “I would have made sure we went somewhere safe,” Steve answered, completely horrified.  “Somewhere that probably wouldn’t have let a drunk teenager get a tattoo.  Where did you go?  Was it sanitary?” “I don’t remember, Steve!  I need to go to the hospital.  I probably need tests done; you can catch shit from the kinds of places that would give someone a tattoo like this.  Oh my god, am I going to lose my arm?  Steve!” The point is that Steve might instigate, but Bucky makes bad life choices in order to follow through. And then Steve has to admit every detail to Bucky because he’s not a complete asshole, and he knows how much it bothers Bucky not to know what he’s done. So, really, it’s no wonder that neither of them are particularly excited about their trip to Vegas for Morita’s wedding. Vegas? Not such a good idea. x.x.x.x “You can’t let me out of your sight,” Bucky says to Steve in a low tone, looking out of the corner of his eye to make sure that none of their friends are around.  The problem with the clichéd bachelor party in Vegas is that there are witnesses to your every move who not only know you, but have the capacity to mock you for the rest of your life for making bad decisions, and Bucky does not need to be in Vegas to make bad decisions.  “We’re in Vegas, I’ve been single for long enough to feel lonely, and I can legally marry anyone in this casino.” “I don’t know how legal it could be,” Steve muses as he takes a gulp of his beer.  He knows that any moment now Morita is going to insist on shots and then everything will get a little crazy.  He’s been waiting for it to happen for the last hour.  “I think they probably check for sobriety.” Bucky looks at Steve with a gaze that could wither a lesser man’s balls.  “Check for sobriety?” he echoes.  “I’ve heard that before.  More than once.  You know how that goes: there’s always someone willing to do their part by asking ‘are you sober’ and willingly look the other way when drunk me says ‘yes.’” That is a startling true fact.  If there’s even one place on the strip with questionable ethics, Bucky will find it if he wants something badly enough, and Drunk Bucky always thinks things are dire, epic needs that have to be met immediately. “SHOTS!” Dugan yells from their table, staring in Morita’s direction.  “The groom wants shots. Shots! Shots!” Bucky groans from beside him, already regretting what’s to come.  Steve knows the feeling.  The whole group of them are beyond the age where the type of drinking done in Vegas is easy to recover from.  None of them are in college anymore, though some of them seem dedicated to reclaiming those glory days. “Don’t worry,” Steve says, clasping his hand on Bucky’s shoulder.  “I’ll take care of you.” “I’ve heard that before, too,” Bucky points out in a sarcastic tone.  “Look, just… don’t let me hook up.  With anyone.  No matter what I say.  That seems like the safest bet.” “See you on the other side,” Steve says, downing the first shot of many. Bucky raises his own in a toast. “You’re both being overly dramatic,” Falsworth tells them.  (Famous last words, Steve thinks.) x.x.x. They tumble into bed around four in the morning, Bucky chattering on about the girl he met in the bar, the two thousand he won playing poker, and the way Morita looks happy (doesn’t he look happy, Steve?).  Bucky gets effusive when he gets drunk.  Steve loves him for it, because Steve gets goopy when he gets drunk and li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Las Vegas Wedding
Accidental Marriage
only not
Drinking
Bad Decisions
drinking leading to bad decisions
Hangover
Friends to Lovers
Alternate Universe
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Trolling
Idiots in Love
Banter
Morning After
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

