Work Text:
Charles is beginning to wonder how he ever expected this roundtable to go well.Erik’s gesticulating wildly as he talks, and Charles is in the same camera shot, so he tries to keep his face neutral, even as Erik’s tone gets closer and closer to outright disdain. “So then what’s your next step? I’d like some transparency here, Senator. Identify us, force us to register, and…?”Senator Kelly is not in the studio but it’s obvious how red his face is, even through the live feed. Charles is frankly surprised he even agreed to appear on MSNBC, much less on Rachel Maddow’s show, but he’s pretty sure they’re rolling in ratings right about now. “For everyone’s safety. I don’t know what strange and paranoid schemes you’ve got in your head, but this is an act meant to help both humans and mutants.”Erik actually snorts.Charles smoothly interjects, “I think the main point is that as mutants, we already feel singled out on a daily basis. It’s obvious we’re treated as quote-unquote others, and if we decide a mutation is something we don’t wish to share, I’m not sure why the government should be privy to it.”“This is especially relevant for you, Dr. Xavier,” Rachel notes. “You hid that you were a telepath for a long time.”Charles is knocked slightly off balance by the sudden dive into his personal life. “Uh, yes, well, it does have negative connotations in society--”“Which it shouldn’t,” Erik adds vehemently, unable to be out of the spotlight for more than a second. “Listen, Dr. Xavier has the power to scramble anyone’s brain. He could do it.” Charles turns a scandalized look on Erik, but he barrels on. “I could smash this entire studio to the ground with a snap of my fingers. We have the potential for great damage, but what? You’re going to punish us before we even do anything? Are you going to arrest everyone who has a gun because they might kill someone?”Senator Kelly scoffs. “How is it punishment just to identify yourselves?”“Because the next step is obviously you rounding us up, and--”Charles reaches under the table and squeezes Erik’s thigh, startling him into silence. “It’s a legitimate privacy concern, Senator. That should be plain. That this information could also be used to discriminate in other areas, such as admissions and hiring processes should be fairly obvious.”“Making mountains out of molehills,” Kelly replies dismissively. “Maybe if you all stopped protesting in the streets and acting like hooligans and thugs, we wouldn’t need to consider these measures.”Erik looks like he’s going to combust. “Yes, of course, using our legal right to peaceful protest has spooked you. Well, we’re not going to stop. Not until you stop gunning us down in the street for looking different. I’m sorry my green-skinned comrades make you uncomfortable, Senator. I’m sure if we did it your way, you’d have us all put down, hm?” Erik pushes back his chair and motions to the studio at large. “Frankly I’m surprised I’m even given a platform this large to speak on, but it must help that I’m white and attractive. More palatable for your audiences, I suppose.”There’s an eerie moment of silence in which Charles wants to facepalm, but he pushes through it, keeping a straight face through sheer strength of will. “I think what Mr. Lehnsherr is trying to articulate is that we are not protesting just one incident. We’re protesting against constant, systemic discrimination, which isn’t solved by one small change in a city statute or one instance of prosecution against our abusers. It’s much larger than that.”“Thank you, Dr. Xavier,” Rachel cuts in quickly. “Unfortunately, that’s all the time we have for tonight. Thank you to Senator Kelly, Erik Lehnsherr, and Dr. Charles Xavier. We’ll be right back with our 2016 presidential race projections.”**Charles catches up with Erik in the parking garage next door to the studio, and watches as Erik throws his bag into the back of his car and sheds his suit jacket before he speaks up.“Erik, a suggestion, if I may.”Erik sighs, turning to face Charles. “You’ll say it whether I want to hear it or not.”“Exactly,” Charles replies. “So, maybe you could stop antagonizing everyone while we’re on national television?”“Nope.” Erik leans back against his expensive red sports car and crosses his arms. “I’m not here to make anyone comfortable.”Charles pushes a hand through his hair, but it flops right back down into his face. “Could we at least not refer to my powers as ‘scrambling people’s brains’?”Erik laughs and reaches out, poking Charles in the forehead. “Why lie about what you can do, Professor? You’re stronger than us all.”Charles swats Erik’s hand away, frowning. “You’re hopeless.”Erik grins with too many teeth. “You’re just realizing this now?” He shuts the backseat door with a wave of his hand. “Up for a drink?”Charles should say yes, just as he always used to, but he can’t bring himself to do it. “Not tonight,” he says as casually as he can. “Early start tomorrow.”Erik’s lips thin, and he looks as if 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Mutant Rights
News Media
Scandal
Paparazzi
Romance
Romantic Comedy
Calm Down Erik
one instance of homophobic language

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

