Work Text:
Despite what everyone else would think, Phil's the one who starts it.
They do a lot of driving. It comes with the job. This results in a lot of visits to crappy gas stations and a lot of terrible gas station food. They do a lot of talking. But after several years of long car rides even Clint runs out of things to talk about.
It's on the drive down to Terlingua that Clint buys them. Basically, it is a long ass drive and Texas is full of lots and lots of nothing. They stop to fuel up--both the car and their stomachs--and Clint sees a colorful package and throws it down on the counter next to Phil's donuts. Phil disapproves of it immediately.
"I'm not paying for that."
"C'mon, Phil..."
"You have your own money. I'm not buying you toys."
Clint widens his eyes in faux-shock and turns to Phil. "Really? So what were we playing with the night before--"
"Go wait in the car while I buy your toys."
"Yes sir!" Clint grins and tosses off a lazy salute before bounding back to the car. He doesn't wait in the car, because that would be making it too easy. Natasha claims that Phil has him whipped, but what she doesn't understand is that Clint's just learned exactly when and how to push so that he doesn't piss Phil off too much while still keeping him on his toes.
(That's probably not true. She probably figured it out before Clint even realized what he was doing, and hasn't let on because Clint has a tendency to pout when she picks apart his every motive.)
They've got another day or so of driving so Clint takes advantage of all the free space in the parking lot to stretch, doing lunges that Natasha insists are utterly ridiculous and that he knows Phil likes to watch because they make his ass look good.
Behind him the door chimes and he jumps out of his lunge and into the car in an almost-graceful movement.
Phil climbs into the driver's seat beside him and levels Look #56 ("While I usually find your clownish behavior endearing, we are on assignment and I expect you to conduct yourself in a manner befitting of the highly-trained SHIELD agent that I know you are.") at him before tossing the package of dinosaurs on his lap.
"If any of those find their way on or under my seat you will regret it."
"Yes, boss," Clint acknowledges with a grin as he tears into the package. He dumps its contents out and sorts through them. "T-rex, long-neck, pterodactyl...is this a fucking pegasus?" He holds up the offending piece of plastic.
"That's what you get for wanting toys from a seedy gas station in the middle of nowhere."
"So what? And maybe I'll learn my lesson and go to a more legitimate toy store next time? You know I can't."
"That lifetime ban from Toys "R" Us is impressive."
"They just don't know what real fun is."
"Keep saying that. It will never be true."A week after they get back from Terlingua, Phil returns to his office after a particularly grueling meeting to find little dinosaurs lined up along all the flat surfaces of his office.
Clint is nowhere in sight, but Phil knows that doesn't mean he isn't nearby.
"I am going to get coffee. When I come back, your toys better be gone, or I will put them somewhere you will never find them."
Ten minutes later he returns to his office to find that all of the dinosaurs have been moved to occupy his desk.Exactly fifteen days later Clint discovers where Phil hid them and steals them back. Phil finds them in his sock drawer and war is unofficially declared.Clint hides a dinosaur in one of Natasha's knife stashes. She returns it by dropping it in his bowl of ravioli.
"Keep your toys out of my things, Barton."
"But--"
"Or I will hurt you."
"Natasha," Clint says around a mouthful of stuffed pasta, "you just don't understand. This is part of a very delicate operation--"
"Which you have failed," Phil says, setting a single plastic dinosaur down on the table in front of Clint. "The others have been relocated as per our agreement. This one was in your locker," he adds, glancing at Natasha.
"You two are hiding toys around HQ." It's not a question, because of course Natasha has already figured out what they're doing.
Clint shrugs. "Well, yeah."
"And you hid your toys in my things because?"
"Didn't think Coulson would look there."
She regards both of them the same way she looks at her targets on missions. She nods at the dinosaur still swimming in Clint's ravioli. "Alright. You can have that one." She reaches for the dinosaur on the table. "But I am taking this one. No rules, anything goes, I assume?"
"Obviously."
"Of course."
She grins, all danger and promise. "Gentlemen, good luck. You'll need it."
She turns on her heel and leaves the two of them at their table in the mess.
Clint waves his spoon at her back. "I was not expecting that."Natasha joining the Dinosaur Game, as Clint calls it, takes things to a new level.
She hides dinosaurs behind baseboards in the least used storage closets in the lowest sub-basement. Clint hides them in printers and fax machines.
This continues for several months 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dinosaurs
Toys
Games
it's all fun and games until you end up accidentally starting an interdimensional war
SHIELD shenanigans
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Asgard is strictly out-of-bounds
gross misuse of Fury's power
Maria Hill is a badass

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

