Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Matt had never really met a guy who smelled so much like Mexican food and death before.Probably for the best. He also had never met anyone who talked as much, not even Spiderman.Definitely for the best. He'd just finished taking down a group of drug dealers. All six of them were unconscious, with varying injuries, when a guy pretty much dropped out of the sky next to him. He smelled very much like Mexican food and death.“Aw, you finished without me.” He sheathed large knives back into holders. Matt tried to hide his alarm. “And I really wanted to test out my new katanas.” He sighed. “Bea and Arthur are so disappointed.”Matt frowned at him. He really wanted to leave, but he also didn't want this guy to cut up the drug dealers into small pieces before the police arrived to take them into custody.“Hey, Daredevil right?” the guy beamed at him. Matt was pretty sure he was wearing a mask, along with a full body suit.“No, he's not red Batman, that's not even a thing,” the guy muttered to someone else. Matt didn't know who, because no one else was there.Matt frowned. If this guy was a hero, he hadn't heard of him before. And if he was a villain, why wasn't he attacking? “I'm sorry, but who the hell are you?”“Oh. You don't know? Deadpool. The merc with a mouth. Your friendly neighbourhood mercenary. Like your friendly neighbourhood Spiderman, but with more decapitation and severed limbs.”Matt frowned.“Unless you don't like that sort of thing. Then I can abstain as long as we're doing team ups.” He paused. “Okay, well I can try.” Another pause. “You're probably right.”There was still no one else there. Matt frowned. “Who are you talking to?”“The boxes. It's okay, I know you can't see them.”Matt's heart skipped a beat. “What?”How could this guy possibly know he was blind. Could he read minds? He hadn't heard of anyone who could do things like that, but he wasn't ruling it out entirely.“No one can. Which probably means I'm crazy, but drugs don't help so...” he shrugged.Right. Of course. This was some sort of deluded man playing dress up and pretending he was a superhero. Or a supervillain. Matt hadn't ruled either out yet. “You said your name was Deadpool?”He nodded.“Well, thanks for the offer, but I don't really do team ups.”“Really? Cause I saw that you and Spiderman fought robot spiders together. And that you and Hawkeye hang out all the time. He's an Avenger you know. Not a lot of people know that. Do you think you could introduce me to them? Or Spiderman? I really like Spiderman, but every time I try to talk to him, he webs me up and swings away. It kinda hurts a guy's feelings after a while. And the robot voice won't let me in the Avengers Tower, even though I just wanted to give them some pancakes. You know how hard it is to eat that many pancakes on your own? Exactly.”Matt frowned. Okay, so the man wasn't entirely out of touch with reality. But he did have delusions of grandeur. “Those team ups were accidents. I work alone. And I can't introduce you. Sorry. I have to go now.”He swung off the roof, not giving Deadpool a chance to respond.“Daredevil,” he moaned, draping himself over the edge of the building as Matt made his way to the ground.“Daredevil come back! I want to be friends!” Deadpool called after him.Matt shook his head. He really did not need more friends. Especially ones with questionable grips on reality. He tried to get Deadpool out of his head that night, but there was something about him that was just unnerving. Perhaps it was the smell. The Mexican food he could understand, perhaps the guy just really liked tacos, but the smell of death was harder to explain. Usually it was only in people who were dying or near death. Hospitals, nursing homes, the elderly. Not in knife wielding questionably sane guys in masks.Matt tried to forget him and hoped that he never reappeared.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Medical
deadpool's katanas have names
matt does not want to do a team up
Broken Bones
casts are excellent drawing surfaces
(they're really not but whatever)
matt is so done
Friendship

fandom: 
None
