Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Kelly’s pretty sure the red-haired woman doesn't work in any of the offices in the building. She always comes in from the street, not the elevator, and she doesn't come in just before 9 to order something to go, or around lunch, or just after 5. She comes in whenever, and she always sits by the big window that overlooks the street, sipping her coffee and eating her pastry.
Kelly thinks she’s really pretty.
Sometimes the woman comes in every other day, and sometimes she doesn’t come in for several weeks. There’s no rhyme or reason to it as far as Kelly can tell, but what really shocks her is when she comes in WITH someone.
And the guy is FIT.
The woman orders her usual two-sugars coffee, and the guy stutters and orders a black one. He’s six feet tall and built like a Mack truck. Blond hair, big blue eyes, long lashes. Red-haired woman snatched up a good one. Kelly stifles her disappointment at the woman’s possible heterosexuality and plugs in the order, takes the exact change, and watches as they both sit at the woman’s usual table.
Maybe they’re not dating. The guy’s spine is ramrod straight, hands on the counter and folded over each other like he’s at an interview or something. She’s not so nervous, though. She never is. In fact, she’s grinning at him. Maybe he’s a coworker she’s trying to seduce.
Get it, red-haired lady.
Over the next couple weeks the woman comes in alone and with blond guy in about equal measures. The guy’s body language relaxes a little over time; he smiles when she makes jokes, and he even makes a couple jokes of his own. Kelly can’t hear them, but he’s got this goofy smile on like he’s proud of himself for coming up with it, and Kelly has to hide her expression behind the counter because OH MY GOD.
Maybe she’ll finally bag him and they’ll have little strawberry blond babies and they’ll come in with strollers one day. Kelly wants that.
She comes up with a backstory in her head. They work at a gym together. (Why else would they look like that?) Blond guy is new and the woman’s been showing him around. Blond guy’s working up the courage to seal the deal but he hasn’t yet.
Days pass. The shop gets these new little berry tarts that are the cutest most scrumptious looking things ever and if Kelly wasn’t cutting back her sugar intake, she would be all. Over. Them. When the woman comes in to order a coffee Kelly gathers up her courage and points to the display, asking her if she’d like to try one. The woman grins and says yes, asking for the biggest size. YES, Kelly thinks. Treat yourself. Those things look amazing.
Five minutes later a gorgeous black guy with a gap-tooth smile comes up and asks if it’s too late to order a breakfast wrap. Kelly lies and says no. (Jake’s working the grill today. He’ll forgive her.)
When the guy’s coffee order comes up he gets it from Jamal and heads over to the woman’s table. He SITS DOWN. She SMILES AT HIM. They start talking and when the guy’s food order comes, the woman cuts her tart in half and puts half of it on his breakfast wrap plate. He smiles and makes a show of eating the raspberry on top super delicately.
WHAT HAPPENED TO BLOND GUY?
Kelly stifles the indignant spike. This is not her life. Maybe blond guy wasn’t a good match. Maybe it all just fizzled. But he was SO SWEET. He held the door for the woman, and for random people too, not just the one he wanted to get with. He always thanked Jamal when he got up and took the coffees. Blond guy was a good dude.
Gap tooth guy is the new dude. He’s relaxed and grinning and he probably didn’t have nearly as hard a time finding the guts to take the next step. He looks like he loves steps. Steps are his favorite. Kelly sighs morosely and rearranges the sodas in the display fridge.
More days pass. The woman comes in on her own a few times and Kelly resists the urge to ask what happened. It’s not her business.
She’s completely unprepared when the woman comes in and orders two coffees, with the blond man in tow. He’s smiling easily like everything’s normal.
WHAT?
Kelly puts in the order and takes the exact change. Hands over the receipt. Blond guy looks fine. He doesn’t look like a guy who’s been dumped and is trying resolutely to ‘just be friends’. He has NO IDEA.
This woman is evil.
Kelly keeps herself chill when they sit down together, talking easily as if everything is cool. The woman makes a joke and he laughs, and he makes a (dumb?) joke and she grins, just a little. Jamal catches Kelly watching and tsks.
When they leave, blond guy holds the door for her. He also holds the door for the two old ladies tottering out. Oh. Blond guy.
Change is life, Kelly reminds herself. She psychs herself up so that two days later, when the woman shows up and orders another large berry tart, Kelly knows she’s gonna share it with gap tooth guy and she’s ready for it.
There he is, five minutes later and smiling when it’s his turn in line. He compliments Kelly’s new haircut in a nice, non-creepy way. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
OT4
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

