Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bruce Banner was a physicist, and physics had quite a lot to say about time travel. Unfortunately, most of those things were best filed under the heading "it's impossible, and here's why", which he found quite infuriating given the very real evidence to the contrary sitting in the next room.
Bruce rested his chin on his left hand, pen hovering over a page full of scrawl, and listened. The details of the  conversation from the next room weren't entirely clear, but both participants sounded happy enough. The childish chatter continued almost without pause, only occasionally interspersed with the attentive tone of JARVIS answering the boy's questions.Tony's questions, Bruce reminded himself, because there was no doubt in his mind that the little boy currently playing with the pile of sensors, motors and double-A batteries was Anthony Edward Stark, aged four and five sixths.
Bruce sighed, looking once more at his notes. He had considered been the possibility that the cause was chemical or biological, but had dismissed the theory quickly. Even a cursory examination of the boy had shown no arc reactor embedded in his chest, and there was an obvious lack of memory beyond his biological age. The only conclusion Bruce could accept was some form of time manipulation.
Or magic, he supposed. But Bruce didn't like that idea. Magic was cheating.
Bruce was startled from his reverie by a sound very like a dog's bark, immediately followed by a squeal of childish delight. He rose cautiously to investigate.
He'd obviously expected Tony to take quickly to the collection of child-safe electronics components he had scavenged from the the Stark labs. They were the closest thing to children's toys that he'd had been able to gather at short notice, but Tony had seemed more than pleased with his bounty.
So it was true that Bruce had expected Tony to present him with blinking LEDs, perhaps something rolling around on the little rubber wheels they'd found. He most certainly had not anticipated the five inch high robotic... animal... which was currently lumbering around the floor. It had four legs sticking out like rods from a lumpy body, and a solid round head with paper ears sticky-taped to it. Despite the odd appearance though, it was successfully (if awkwardly) navigating its way around a makeshift obstacle course of chairs and boxes spread across the floor.
The robot creature barked. A dog, then. Tony gave another delighted laugh. Bruce stared.
"Did you make this, Tony?" he asked, trying to keep the surprise in his voice at a reasonable level. He looked to the little boy, the child's eyes bright with pleasure. Tony nodded.
"Uh huh. JARVIS helped though, 'cause he found me a sound for the barking and showed me how to put it into the... um..."
"Audio synthesiser, Sir." JARVIS contributed thoughtfully. Tony grinned and nodded enthusiastically.
"Yeah, the audio thing. So now he can bark!"
Bruce watched the dog approach a dead-end, blocked in on all sides. The dog sat down on its virtual haunches and gave another bark. Tony scrambled to his feet to rescue his creation.
"He can't turn all the way around yet, because I could only find joints that turned around this much." Tony demonstrated a right angle by extending his thumb relative to his fingers, "But JARVIS said he would get me some better ones tomorrow."
Tony returned, carrying the robotic dog with a hand under its belly. The dog's legs wiggled frantically for purchase. "If you pat him, he wags his tail!"
"This is very impressive, Tony." Bruce enthused, not even bothering to hide just how impressed he was. He reached out to pet the dog's head between the paper ears. Its tail did, indeed, wag. Bruce smiled. "You know, I used to have a pet dog."
"Really? What was its name? Was it a girl dog or a boy? Where is it now?" Tony asked, then his face suddenly turned sombre and serious, eyes wide with sympathy beyond his years. "Did it die?"
The child's eyes suddenly reminded him so fiercely of an adult Tony that Bruce couldn't help himself. He reached over to ruffle Tony's hair affectionately, but Tony twitched away from his hand. Bruce was momentarily startled by the reaction, but of course he was still little more than a stranger to this Tony. As much as the older version actively sought out Bruce's touch, it was to be expected that the younger would be a little nervous. He offered Tony a smile instead, allowing the boy his space.
"No, my dog didn't die, but I had to move house and he couldn't come with me." Bruce answered. He hoped that was true. He hadn't been able to go back to check on the poor animal after the military had hunted down his hiding spot all those years ago. He had had good neighbours at the time though, he hoped they would have taken the creature in.
Tony seemed to take the explanation at face value, his gaze falling thoughtfully to the odd little robotic animal which was currently lying down. Its tail tapped the floor intermittently. Tony loo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
De-aging
Kidfic
Child Abuse
Bittersweet Ending

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

