Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Do not say anything,” Matt admonished him firmly. “At all, Tony. I mean it. You do not need to antagonize these people. Let me talk to them, okay.”“How am I still sitting here?” Tony demanded, looking around the small, windowless interrogation room at the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.   “They don’t have any proof of anything.”“They have you supposedly attempting to bribe a Senator and not exactly denying that you were trying to sell your tech to the highest bidder on the black market. This is serious, Tony,” Matt told him in a hushed tone. “And whatever you may think of Stern, his word is not nothing, Tony.”“They don’t even want me! Or, they do, but they want the damn tech more. Which they can’t have, by the way. I told Senator Asswipe that,” Tony bit out in frustration, one hand slamming down on the metal-topped table in front of him.“Stern wants the tech, true, but don’t think the Las Vegas PD or some hot-to-trot local FBI wouldn’t love to be the one to serve up Tony Stark’s head on a platter. You’ve got to be smart about this,” Matt urged. “Not your usual kind of smart, the one that goes off half-cocked and tries to catch a shark with a cane pole. Stern played you, Tony. They’ll try to get a warrant for whatever is on that drive that Batroc says he was trying to buy, at the very least.”“Well, stop them! Look, not to overdramatize, but this is a matter of life and death, Matt. If the government gets its hands on the tech, they’ll weaponize it, you know they will. And that’s the good scenario. You know what I told you about Stane, Pierce and the rest of them,” Tony reminded him.“Theories, Tony. Compelling, I’ll grant you, but you have no proof of anything. You can’t go around accusing people like Alexander Pierce of…of treason without something to go on other than conjecture and your certainty that you know more about everything than anyone else,” Matt replied, which had the annoying ring of truth to it, Tony knew. Damn. This had all gone to such utter shit.“Look, Tony, right now, it’s your word against Batroc’s about what was supposedly on the table, and the guy’s got tons of priors. They know he’s dirty, has all kind of shady dealings and connections to even worse, but they’ve never been able to actually directly link him to a terrorist group. Not that they haven’t tried,” Matt admitted. “It’ll be hard to get a judge to sign off on a warrant for corporate secrets based on the testimony of someone like that, though they’ll certainly try. Stern wasn’t wired, so it’s just him saying you offered him anything, though God knows who around here is in his pocket. Between the two, though, I have to tell you, it’s probably enough for some judge to sign off on it. I’m sure the D.A. is waking one up right about now.”“We can’t let them get their hands on what’s on that drive, Matt. We can’t. This was a set-up, pure and simple, and yeah, I walked into it, but you’ve got to, I don’t know, do your legal voodoo and get me out of this,” Tony pleaded.A sharp knock sounded at the door, drawing both men’s attention. Pepper Potts stuck her head in and quickly stepped inside, her face ashen.“What is it?” Tony demanded immediately.“There’s a witness,” Pepper said. “From the penthouse. Someone was up there and supposedly overheard the whole thing with Stern.”“What?” Tony barked back in surprise. “No. No way. There wasn’t anyone else up there. Stern was alone. I insisted on that much.”“Well, I don’t know, Tony! I’m telling you, I heard them talking when I went outside to make a call. They just brought him in. I tried to see in the other interview room, but I couldn’t get a look,” Pepper said worriedly. “Tony—““No. This is crap, Matt. There wasn’t anyone else up there. I swear it. This is one of Stern’s cronies lying for him, the bastard!” Tony shouted, standing up and pushing away from the table. “No way. No way he gets away with this.”Tony made for the door, side-stepping Pepper’s outstretched hand and ignoring Matt’s pleas to stay and let him handle it. He stalked down the short hallway, past a couple of uniformed officers who looked at him with idle curiosity, like they couldn’t quite place who he was immediately, not here, without the usual trappings of celebrity and wealth that floated around him most of the time. It took them long enough to catch up on who he was and that he was no longer where he was supposed to be that Tony had pushed open the door to the other interrogation room before they reacted.“Sir! Hey, you can’t go in there!” Short Cop shouted, reaching for his shoulder.Tony ground to a halt in surprise, staring at the man sitting opposite him across the twin of the table that had just been in front of him in the other room. Two investigators in ill-fitting suits too hot for the Vegas weather turned in their chairs and looked back at him. “Get him out of here! Dammit, Walsh, can’t you keep one eye on the door and the other one worrying about what Connie’s doing with Spinelli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake Marriage
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fanart
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Alternate Universe - Stripper/Exotic Dancer
Fake Dating
Las Vegas
Mutual Pining
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony
Top Steve
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Lapdance
Strip Tease
Stripping
Hair Washing
BAMF Steve Rogers
Press and Tabloids
Press Conferences
War Veteran Steve Rogers
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

