Work Text:
So, Darcy gets bored.It’s not that she doesn’t like the Tower. She gets to live in a gigantic Tower rent free with The Avengers. It’s pretty crazy.But at the same time, she’s here because Jane is here to do work with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner, and Jane refused to come unless Darcy could come, and Darcy came because she’s a broke ass former college student who saw an opportunity and took it.She doesn’t actually have anything to do here. And everyone’s really polite to the point where it’s a little concerning, but it doesn’t change the fact that she’s kind of aimlessly hanging out with people she doesn’t really know plus Thor and Jane. And Thor and Jane are amazing and the best friends she’s got, but Thor’s often off Avenging and Jane’s off scienceing and yeah.Darcy gets bored.Which is what she’s going to use as her defense when someone eventually catches her peeping at people through the windows in her Tower apartment.Also that if she wasn’t supposed to people watch all the weird residents of New York City that mill about the sidewalk on a regular basis, then someone shouldn’t have left high powered binoculars hanging around where she could find them. That’s just common sense.For about a week now, she’s been watching one particular guy. He arrives at ten every morning and leaves at five-thirty every night. Sometimes he stands for a little while, quietly milling about. Most of the time he sits on the bench near the Tower. He wears jeans and a rumpled gray sweatshirt. He’s always got a baseball cap yanked down low on his face, but there’s long strands of brown hair that poke out and whenever he glances up at the Tower there’s this sort of deep misery and longing etched into his face.She watches him for a week, spending roughly three days of that week debating with herself until she decides that if she’s going to do this, doing it in front of a building with a ton of superheroes is the best way to go.The morning after she reaches that decision, Darcy heads into the kitchen and grabs one of the travel mugs in the way way back of the cabinet, figuring it won’t be missed. She also grabs her standard travel mug in the shape of Mjolnir that Thor got for her before it was released in stores because Thor is awesome. She fills the normal blue one with black coffee and hers with cream and sugared coffee, goes down the elevator, and stands on the sidewalk, waiting.When he shows up, she yells through the crowds regularly thronging through the New York streets “Hey!” and he doesn’t turn around which really isn’t that surprising. If everyone in New York turned around when someone said the word “hey” the city would be in a constant state of pirouetting.“Sad Baseball Cap Dude!” she tries again. No response. She fishes around in her pocket until she finds a crumpled up receipt and chucks it at the dude. He catches it without turning his head and looks at her.“Neat trick,” she says. He stares at her. She walks up to him and holds out the black coffee mug. He looks down at it and then back at her.“It’s coffee. You drink it. It’s black.”He doesn’t take it. She shrugs and sits on his bench. He gazes at her warily, as though unsure exactly what’s happening.“I’m gonna sit here and drink mine, dude. You probably want to drink yours before it gets cold.”He slowly sits down next to her. She holds out the coffee without looking at him and after a few moments she feels it lifted from her hand. She hears him sniffing.“Not poisoned,” she says. “If I wanted to poison it, I’d have put cream and sugar in it to disguise it.”Which, okay, maybe not the best thing to say, but Darcy Lewis never won any awards for tact.He hesitantly sips at the coffee. He doesn’t seem disdainful of it so Darcy is pretty pleased that her black coffee prediction was correct.They sit in silence, drinking their beverages, for about three minutes until Darcy speaks.“Have you got a name?” He’s quiet so she shrugs. “You don’t have to tell me, I was just curious.”“Buchanan,” he finally mutters.“First or last?”He shrugs and she rolls with it. “Okay. I’m Darcy.”They finish their coffee without speaking. When he’s done she stands up and she nimbly plucks the mug from his hands. “You wanna come inside?”He shakes his head violently.“Okay. See you.” She walks back into the Tower, feeling his eyes on her as she goes. They continue like this for four days, drinking coffee together in peaceful quiet, until Buchanan starts talking occasionally.“I don’t want to be anyone’s project,” he grates out. “I’m not a charity case.”“Damn right you’re not. For one thing, you could probably rip my limbs off.” Darcy’d caught a glimpse of the metal arm from underneath Buchanan’s sweatshirt a couple days previously.Buchanan ignores her. “I’m not something that can be fixed or put back together.”“Easy, Eliza Doolittle.” Buchanan looks at her blankly.“My Fair Lady? Audrey Hepburn? The rain in Spain- look, it’s not important. Point is, I’m not trying to mold you into something you’re not o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
the rest of the avengers are in this but they're more peripheral than anything
Fluff
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Humor
Fluff and Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

