Work Text:

“As of oh-nine-hundred GMT this morning, a kill order has been placed on the operative known as the Winter Soldier.” Fury places the file on the table, within easy reach of Steve, who ignores it. 

 

“Why now, sir?” he asks, while Clint makes a grab for the file. 

 

“Why are we choosing to eliminate the most effective assassin this decade has seen?” asks Fury. His tone is flat, as though he thinks Steve is an idiot for asking the question, or for questioning the order.

 

“He’s gone rogue,” says Hill. “Or, at least, he’s disappeared.”






“He’s gone so far off the reservation that his previous, ah, employers haven’t the first fucking clue where he is,” says Fury. “He’s armed. He’s dangerous. And his last known target is sitting in this room.” He looks at Steve again. “Cap, we’re gonna need you to come in. We can’t guarantee your safety in Brooklyn.”

 

“And you can in Stark Tow- the Avengers Mansion?” asks Steve.

 

“We’ve got JARVIS,” says Stark. He sounds insulted. 

 

“And how’s his aim?” 

 

“We’ve got Hawkeye for the actual shooting,” says Stark. Clint preens. 

 

+

 

Steve goes home. He stops at the grocery store on his way and his purchases are unremarkable: milk, bread, cheese, eggs, flour, bacon, chips, orange juice, beer, gum, ice-cream and candy.

 

He doesn’t have a sweet tooth.

 

+

 

“I think we broke Cap.” 

 

“But he’s unbreakable. He’s like the goddamned Titanic; he’s unsinkable.” “Ah, Barton, did you actually watch the entire movie?”

 

“What? No, I got bored before the goddamned boat left the goddamned harbour.”

 

“Barton, you do know-”

 

“That the Titanic sank? Yes, fuck you, too. Stark. That’s my point.”

 

“Oh.”

 

+

 

Cap goes to work. He arrives unscathed.

 

“You’re being reckless, Cap,” says Fury. 

 

Cap’s lips form a moue that might be a pout on a lesser man. “I’m not going to let a threat keep me from living my life, Director Fury.” He could use the kid from Brooklyn line, or he could point to his shield, or to his callused fingers and scarred knuckles and say that if he cannot protect himself, he cannot protect America. He doesn’t and Fury thanks God for small mercies. He’s not had his morning coffee yet; he is in no way prepared for one of Steve Rogers’ justice-fueled, ideal-ridden speeches.

 

Fury is fond of Cap. He might not idolise him in the way that Coulson had but he values him. He values him so much that he wants to keep him alive but Cap insists that he is the best judge of his own safety.

 

Fury thinks that Cap has no idea what they are dealing with. In truth, Fury’s a little short on details himself. He knows that the Winter Soldier is a formidable enemy. He is a weapon and he is a master of subtlety, skilled in many forms of assassination. There is only so much that Agent Romanov can tell them about him, only that he is a man, or mostly so, and that he has the swagger of an American and the dead eyes of a hardened killer. 

 

It takes one to know one, Fury supposes, and it is with a twinge of fear that he understands that Captain America is unlikely to recognise death, even when he is staring him in the face. 

 

+

 

“So, Cap, we’re thinking about a movie night tonight.”

 

“Thanks, Tony, but I think I’m just going to head home. It’s been a long day.”

 

+

 

“We’ve definitely broken him.”

 

“Don’t sound so miserable, Stark.”

 

“What have you broken, Tony, oh god-”

 

“No! No! Nothing, Pep, I promise. I think- It’s just. Cap. He’s all different.” “Different how? Tony, what have you done to Captain America?”

 

“I’ve done nothing, Pep, I swear-”

 

“That’s the problem though, isn’t it, Stark?” Clint’s laugh is dry and humourless as the penny drops. “The poor sap has spent so long trying to get us to bond as a team that he’s actually lost the will to even try anymore.” “He turned down movie night, Pepper.” 

 

There is silence. “Movie night! It was his idea in the first place! And now he’s all - ‘oh, no. I’d rather go home and be stoic and lonely’ instead.”

 

“How do you know he’s lonely?”

 

“Please. He hangs around here making soulful eyes at everyone so they’ll talk to him.” “To be fair, Stark, he’s not done that for a long time. Oh god - does Cap have a girlfriend?”

 

“Don’t be ridiculous, Barton.” “Does he have a boyfriend?” “Yes, clearly that’s a less ridiculous prospect.” 

 

+

 

Steve goes home. The television is on. He sometimes wonders if he’s losing his mind. 

 

+

 

Metal fingers curl around his throat, followed by warm lips and a gust of air. 

 

+

 

“We’re no closer to finding him,” says Fury. He’s clearly exasperated by the whole situation. “Assassins don’t just vanish.”

 

“I did,” says Natasha.

 

“But we know where you are. You came to us,” says Fury. It’s a reasonable observation but Hill rolls her eyes.  “I don’t think we can expect the same of the Winter Soldier.”

 

“Maybe he’s dead,” says Clint. “Assassins get sick, right?” “Not this one,” says Natasha. “He’s - special.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

