Chapter 1: The Summer's Ride
    


Summary:

After Loki fixes the problem of paying the wall-builder, Thor is determined to find him.  Instead he finds a magic horse who takes him for an unforgettable ride.





Chapter Text
Thor paced the private dining hall, knowing that he was showing his nerves, but not caring.  His mother watched him with concern, extending a hand as if to stop him.  But Thor could tell she was worried too - she had barely touched her food, but had taken more of the wine than was her habit.“I’m sure he’s fine,” Fandral offered.  “He’s Loki.  With that silver tongue of his, I’m sure he can get out of whatever trouble he may find himself in.”“So you think he may be in trouble?” Thor halted in front of his friend, demanding.Fandral huffed a frustrated sigh.  “How am I to know?  But when is Loki not in a little bit of trouble?”  He gave an anemic laugh, hoping that Thor would join in the gentle mocking that their group normally shared towards Loki.“If you mean to jest, you do so poorly,” Thor spat, stepping up to Fandral and looming over him.Sif was quick to intervene, inserting her slighter frame easily between them.  “What Fandral means to say, though you are right, he does so in incredibly poor taste,” she glared at her companion, “is that Loki can take care of himself.”“And he is known to run off for days, even whole moons,” Volstagg added between tearing the meat off a turkey leg and stuffing his mouth with rolls.“Your appetite betrays your concern, friend,” Thor replied.  Volstagg’s gluttony was legendary, but today was excessive even for him.  Thor was for the most part able to suppress his concern at Loki’s mysterious absences.  After centuries to accustom himself to Loki’s need for secrecy in his exploration of magic and time to explore the many worlds of the Yggdracil, Thor no longer worried.  Certainly, he’d long ago learned that Loki did not for a moment consider that his friends and family would be worried if he disappeared with no explanation.  But this time was different.  “It is not like Loki to accomplish a feat of trickery and not return to gloat.”“It is like him to enjoy making you worry,” Sif argued.  “If only because it shows him how weak he is capable of making you.”Sif realized her mistake a moment after she had spoken, wincing as Frigga slammed her wine cup down.  “Lady Sif, there is no weakness in my son’s concern for his brother.  I would ask you to leave us now.”Sif nodded stiffly, stalking out, the warriors three stalking after her (once Volstagg had made himself a plate to take along).  “I am right to be worried, mother,” Thor argued.  “When father told Loki that his life would be forfeit if he did not make right the situation, he appeared afraid.  I thought perhaps he was afraid of father, but now I think he was afraid of what undoing the consequences of his capriciousness would entail.”Frigga sighed, standing to approach Thor and laying a comforting hand on his arm.  “I cannot imagine what plan your brother conceived in order to stop the giant from completing that wall and making the very sun and moon forfeit.  But my instincts tell me, as yours tell you, that something is amiss and that we must find him.”  Frigga fidgeted nervously, as though there were more worries and secrets still trapped within her, waiting to break out.  Thor did not notice.“And father?” Thor asked.  It perturbed him that father had not come to this little meeting that Thor had called, that he did not seem to care what became of his second son.“Your father believes in having faith - in your strength, in Loki’s magic and his wits.  He will not worry, if only because he cannot permit himself to doubt.”“I will speak with Heimdall.  I will find out where my brother has gone and I will bring him back.”Frigga nodded.  It was the only course of action available to them.  Thor had already checked Loki’s usual haunts.  If Heimdall could not give them a clue, then the search would be so vast as to be futile.***“I’m afraid your brother grows too skilled,” Heimdall replied.  He averted his great golden, knowing eyes - the only windows to massive Heimdall’s emotions.  “He has taken to hiding himself from me when he pleases.”Thor’s grip on Mjolnir tightened reflexively.  Of course, Loki would not make his own rescue easy.  “When did you last see him?”“After the Allfather commanded him, he returned briefly to his rooms to revise a spellbook and collect some magical ingredients.  Then he left the city gates and walked along the wall.  He shielded himself from me before he reached the giant and his horse.”“But you could still see the giant and the horse?” Thor asked, hopeful.  It was obvious where Loki was headed, after all.“I saw the horse break free of its bindings and run off into the woods, but I did not see how your brother achieved it.”“Where is the horse now?”Heimdall stared into the distance for some time.  “He roams free on the great plains.  As far as I can see, your brother is not with him.”T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Thor/Other(s)
Loki/Svaðilfari

freeform: 
Mpreg
Sibling Incest
Birth Control
Bestiality
Alternate Universe - Canon
Mythology - Freeform
Mythical Beings & Creatures

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Thor/Other(s)
Loki/Svaðilfari

