Work Text:
“Let’s do the time warp again!”
 
Foggy wakes up at midnight and can’t go back to sleep. There’s someone playing obnoxiously loud music next door, and although it’s a catchy song there are limits, honestly. “Let’s do the time warp agaaaaaaaain!” 
 
Foggy tries to cover his ears with his pillow, but after ten solid minutes of Rocky Horror Picture Show, he finally gives up. He considers dropping by to see Matt, maybe grab a few more minutes of sleep. It’s midnight though, and Matt’s been looking tired lately. He doesn’t need Foggy bothering him at all sorts of crazy hours just to finagle a spot on Matt's couch.  He goes to an all-night diner instead, for about a million cups of coffee. He flirts with the waitress, and the waitress flirts back. She’s got a wedding ring and he’s got Matt (in his dreams), so it’s nothing serious, just him saying that she looks sweeter than the pie in the display case and her saying she wishes she could have a slice of cutie pie like him. She does give him an extra pancake though, and she doesn’t even laugh when he draws a smiley face on it with syrup. Nadine seems like a nice lady—Foggy’s totally coming back here the next time his asshole neighbors decide to blast campy musicals through the walls. Eventually it’s light enough that it’s not completely pathetic to go to work—although it’s still pretty pathetic—so Foggy bids Nadine a fond farewell, leaves a much larger tip than he can afford to, and makes his way to the office. Karen gets there before Matt does, so they decide to surprise him by working on the office equipment. They fail pretty miserably, but Matt seems amused at least. Good. Matt hasn’t been smiling enough lately. One day Foggy’s actually going to corner him and figure out exactly what’s going on, but Matt’s very good at avoiding his problems. He’s also very good at avoiding Foggy when Foggy wants to talk about his problems, so Foggy hasn’t had any luck yet. Mrs. Cardenas arrives just when Foggy is beginning to go crazy from trying to get the copier to work. She’s sweet as sugar, and clearly needs help. There’s no question about whether they’ll take the case. Matt and Karen have a lovely moment about speaking Spanish, the oh-so-impressive Romance language of hot-blooded lovers. Foggy grits his teeth and smiles at all the right places. Of course, everybody loves Spanish. Spanish is suave. Spanish is sexy. Punjabi can be sexy too. And then Matt, the shameless Spanish-speaking flirt, won’t even go with him to face those demons at Landman and Zack. No, he’s got to go get paperwork. What a cop-out. Paperwork, honestly. Coward. But fine. Foggy doesn’t need him. Foggy’s got a lovely assistant and sexy Punjabi on his side. He can do this. He grudgingly lets Matt go and heads into the lions’ den. It’s pretty awful, but at least he gets to tell Marci what’s what. He thinks she might actually be impressed, which would be a first in their relationship. Ex-relationship, of course. Always and forever an ex-relationship. Never revisiting that particular circle of hell again. Karen’s impressed too. Foggy appears to be on a roll today with the ladies—Nadine, Mrs. Cardenas, Marci, Karen. He’s never had game like this before, which means that of course Matt’s on the other side of the city doing paperwork. By the time Matt pops up again, the game will be gone. Foggy will be just Foggy again, and Just Foggy doesn’t seem to be Matt’s type. Foggy hates the universe sometimes. It’s obviously out to get him. He calls Matt to tell him about their victory at the firm—and also to maybe ask if Matt wants to get dinner, because maybe his sweet, sweet game works through a telephone. It takes twelve rings for Matt to answer, and when he does he seems preoccupied. “You okay?” Foggy asks, and Matt hums in agreement. “Yes. There’s just a slight problem.” Matt says, voice a bit vague. “It might take me a while to get back to the office.” Foggy pulls his phone away from his ear for a moment to frown at it. “What kind of problem?” He wonders suspiciously. “Is Brett not giving you the papers? You can tell him to call me, I’ll set him straight—“ He might actually be able to. Today is a very lucky day, he can already tell. Today is a perfect day, his oblivious and uninterested Matt notwithstanding. “No, no.” Matt says quickly. “Actually he’s…out sick. I’m talking to someone else instead. Detective Blake, very interesting man.” Blake? Foggy’s never even heard of a Detective Blake. Is he really going to listen to a total stranger like Matt about a random little old lady’s apartment? “And you think you can convince him to help?” Foggy asks doubtfully. “Oh, yes.” Matt tells him balmily. “I’m sure I can persuade him somehow.” “Well, okay.” Foggy agrees. Matt seems pretty confident. “Let me know when you’re done, okay?” “Absolutely.” Matt promises. “I’d better go. I have a few questions for Detective Blake.” He sounds vaguely angry—probably at how slow everything’s going with the paperwork. “Talk to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Groundhog Day
Time Loop
Fluff

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

