Work Text:
It took a while for anyone to figure it out. To be fair, at least one of the Avengers probably would have realized sooner if they weren't also occupied with trying to file enough edges off of six sharply defined personalities to make a coherent unit out of them. But as five of them found the places where they fit together and started to settle down, Clint only got more and more prickly and irritable.
Cap actually called a team meeting about it one night while Clint was out on a date. Natasha, who knew Clint best, swore that he wasn't usually like this. He'd broken up with his boyfriend a couple of weeks after the team formed officially, but that was months ago and they'd only been together a month or two. Steve worried that Clint resented him stepping in out of nowhere and taking field command over the heads of Natasha and Clint, both of whom were senior SHIELD agents, but if Clint was relaxed and focused anywhere, it was on a mission. Thor thought he needed to get drunk. Tony thought he needed to get drunk and laid. Bruce just wanted the tension in the mansion to ease.
They were all learning to savor the nights when Clint went out and the rest of them could relax. Fortunately, he was out a lot. Tony hadn't thought anyone could date more than he did, but Clint was giving it the old college try.
The rest of the Avengers had settled in around the giant flat screen TV in the living room with popcorn and beer and a movie when the elevator to the garage wooshed open and Clint stormed into the room, radiating anger. The five of them exchanged sorrowful glances. "I thought you had a date," Tony said irritably. Clint couldn't have been gone more than an hour and a half.
"He was a fucking Hawkeye groupie," Clint snarled. He yanked on the leather jacket he wore so sharply that it caught on his shoulders and he had to struggle out of it. He pitched it viciously across the room and threw himself into the only free seat, which was at the other end of the couch Tony was using. "I am beginning to wonder if this gig is worth it."
They all froze. It wasn't that bad, was it? He wouldn't... Okay, yeah, Clint was driving them all nuts, but he was an Avenger and this was only supposed to be growing pains. You'd think anyone who dated as much as Clint did would get a kick out of having groupies.
Tony sat bolt upright and stabbed a finger at Clint as connections snapped into place. "You hate being single!" he crowed in triumph.
Clint's mouth opened and closed silently, and he stared at Tony, his anger derailed. "What?"
"You hate being single," Tony repeated. He smirked. "We have been wracking our brains trying to figure out why you've been so pissy, and I was right the whole time: You need to get laid."
"If what I wanted was sex, I could be having it right now," Clint said sourly. "Or did you miss the part about the groupie?"
Tony waved a hand dismissively. "I was close enough for it to count."
"Tony..." Natasha's tone was a warning.
But too late. "No, Stark, it is not close enough to count." Clint pushed himself up off the couch and glared down at him. "Fucking a stranger who moans your codename in bed is not 'close enough' to having a lover who knows all the ways you like to be touched. Sneaking out at two in the morning is not 'close enough' to waking up next to the same person every day. And 'I want to spend the night with you' is not 'close enough' to 'I want to spend the rest of my life with you'."
Clint stalked out of the living room, doors sliding silently open before him. 
A crash echoed back before they closed.
"I'm glad I redecorated before you guys moved in," Tony said. "I used to keep a Ming vase there. Maybe I should install doors that slam."
Steve sighed heavily. "At least now we know what the problem is."
"But what do we do about it?" Bruce asked.
"It's none of our business," Natasha said sharply. "It's Clint's private concern."
Thor raised an open hand. "He has not acted privately, my lady."
Natasha sighed.
*
Phil Coulson stared at his boss. 
Fury stared back.
"You have got to be kidding me," Phil said.
"Believe me when I say I wish I was."
Phil looked down at the file in his hands. Sitting on top of SHIELD's file on Clint Barton was a extra sheaf of papers filled with the sort of inane drivel you might find on internet dating sites. For the first time, Phil really didn't want to know where the research team had gotten their data. He flipped through, glancing over the information. Oh, really, was there anyone who didn't know that Barton's favorite color was purple? He sighed. "I thought we didn't get involved in our people's personal lives, if it didn't interfere with their operational performance. Hawkeye performs fine in the field."
"This is the Avengers," Fury said. "And he may be fine in the field, but he's stopping that team from integrating the way we need it to. Barton needs to chill, and apparently to do that he needs a boyfriend. So you're going to find him one."
Phil's mouth curved up at the c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Matchmaking

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

