Chapter 1: “It happened that the prince gave a ball…”
    




Chapter Text
  



 
18-December, 1697, Midgard – Western Hemisphere

 

My Lady and Friend,

I regret to inform you that the carriage sent to bring King Howard back to the royal palace has had a terrible accident and he, along with his wife and son, have tragically lost their lives. Please be assured that everything is being done to retrieve their bodies and bury them in their homeland. The royal army will return to the castle shortly. The king’s personal belongings have been recovered and brought here to Stark Castle.

I am so very sorry, my Lady Sarah, I know that Howard and you have been close since childhood. This is a great tragedy for all of Midgard and I assure you that you and your family will have my support when it comes to succession to the throne.

There is an open invitation to you, your husband and your son to join me here for the burial.

 

Sincerely,

Lord Obadiah Stane

Steward of Stark Castle
  * * *  The garden around Prince Steven was filled with every color of the rainbow. There were red poppies, yellow wildflowers, miles and miles of green grass, and very blue skies. The smell of fresh water from the ponds and the sweet scent of the flowers filled the prince’s nose, calming the raging tide of emotions that brewed at the edges of his mind.A canopy of pine trees kept him sheltered from the castle’s windows. It was his favorite clearing in the royal gardens and the only place where he did not feel watched, these days. It was mostly secluded from the more frequented parts of the garden; the grass wasn’t as neatly trimmed, as it was otherwise, the flowers just growing wherever they wanted. It was his own little sanctuary. The only place where he wasn’t followed around by one of his noblemen. Where he could breathe without choking on someone’s perfume and fake smiles.And still. The sounds coming from the castle and wafting in the air around him made a heavy sigh escape the prince’s lips. The preparations for the great engagement ball were well underway, and it wouldn’t take much longer until the festivities would begin.“Are you going to sit around here all day?”Steve looked up from his sketchpad, smiling as his best friend Bucky sat down next to him. “I thought it was worth a try.”Bucky rolled his eyes and crossed his arms on his knees. “I’m sure it won’t be that bad.”Steve huffed, dropping the pad down on the grass. “And what makes you think that?”“I don’t know… because I have eyes?” Bucky asked on a low laugh. “Come on, Stevie, I’ve seen Peggy and if I were you, I’d be all over her. And if all of the candidates look like that, you should call yourself one lucky man.”Steve shook his head, smiling fondly at his friend.“I mean it,” Bucky continued, unabashed. “If you’re really not interested, I’d be happy to take your place.”“Sure you would,” Steve said quietly, before he turned his gaze back to the calming serenity of the garden.Only a few days ago, his mother and the Council had decided that Steve had to get married at last. It wasn’t as if Steve hadn’t seen it coming. By law, he would only get to be king if he found himself a queen. And Steve knew, with the many years of war behind them, the royal family had to give a strong signal of hope to the people.So he had eventually agreed to host a ball in which all of the Kingdom’s eligible young women were invited. His mother had suggested inviting only nobles, and then only beautiful young women, but Steve had decided against it. At the very least, everyone, men and women alike, should enjoy the king’s hospitality for the duration of the ball… even if Steve would have to choose a lady of royal status in the end.“I hear even Lord Stane is going to be in attendance tonight?” Bucky asked, obviously trying to get Steve to lighten up and not worry so much. “People are really excited about that. He was a good friend of your mother once, wasn’t he?”“I suppose so,” Steve said, frowning. His mother had never called Stane a ‘good friend’. She’d been close to King Howard, as far as Steve knew, but Stane had barely been a regular acquaintance.“Maybe he’ll bring one of his inventions along. I’ve never seen one up close! Have you?”“No,” Steve replied as he continued to stare out into the landscape. “He hasn’t been at court in years.”Lord Stane had served as King Howard’s armorer for many decades. His weapons were the best ones in all Midgard and therefore world-famous, making Lord Stane one of the wealthiest lords of all Midgard. Even after the terrible accident that had cost the life of the whole royal family, Stane’s inventions kept amazing the whole Kingdom.It had been one of the greatest tragedies in history—at least as long as Steve could remember. King Howard had always been loved and admired by his people, and what he had lacked in empathy and kindness, he had compensated with his marvelous inventions and weaponry.When King Howard and his whole family, Queen Maria and Prince Anthony, had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Male Cinderella
Cinderella AU
Cinderella - Freeform
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff
Cheesy
Love at First Sight
Princes & Princesses
Getting Together
First Kiss
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

