Work Text:
“You know he killed, like, fourteen guys on an op once, right?”Clint doesn’t look away from the coaster he’s spinning on the tabletop. “Okay,” he says.“Well, some say fourteen, but I’ve heard the number go higher. It might be exaggerated for the attention, though.”“Yeah, because Coulson’s such an attention whore.” Clint sends the coaster flying. It lodges in the cracks between the boards that make up the walls of the battered bar where he’s sitting with the most annoying goddamn handler he has ever had the displeasure of having to answer to. The handler—named Stevens or Nevins or some shit Clint refuses to remember on general principle—stares at the beer coaster for a solid five seconds. Coulson had only glanced over the first time Clint had done that trick in some other old-wood bar and informed Clint in a very dry tone that it’d have been a lot more impressive if Clint had managed to get it to stick in the dartboard.But Coulson’s not here. He’s at base with a thigh wound from an op Clint wasn’t on, and Clint isn’t sure what he’s more pissed about, that Coulson isn’t in this shitty little bar with him or that Coulson got hurt because Clint wasn’t there to watch his back.Clint has made peace with the fact that Coulson is somehow his favorite handler (that's easy to deal with) and also someone he has decided needs his protection (a little harder, as Coulson would probably snap his neck without breaking stride if he said so aloud).“And they say he was special forces at one point.”Rangers, Clint corrects in his head, but he’s not supposed to know that. He’s pretty sure he’s the only one, and Clint only knows because he knows a few Ranger tricks of his own and recognized them in Coulson. There are very few people who can hold their breath for more than four minutes, and even fewer who can do it in freezing fucking cold water off the coast of Alaska when there are very few hiding spots and unfriendlies beating a path in your exact direction. Clint learned it from a magician in the circus who had been very fond of death-defying shit like being chained and thrown into tanks of water and sharks. The magician had been a Ranger, too. “But I’m sure half of it’s bullshit.” Clint doesn’t ask why maybe-Stevens thinks that. He’s one of those agents who thinks handler is a stepping stone to a comfy office job and not the calling it actually is. Sure, maybe-Stevens can shoot all right and has passable hand-to-hand skills, but his observation skills are shit. Well, not shit, Clint corrects himself as maybe-Stevens (Nevins? Collins?) continues to ramble on, but definitely much lower than he’d prefer them to be. Definitely lower than Coulson.“You seem pensive,” maybe-Stevens says. His face is all false concern. Clint wonders what tipped him off, considering he’d jammed  a fucking beer coaster in the wall a full three minutes ago, and maybe-Stevens (Jenkins?) is only now taking note it might mean something is wrong.“Gotta piss,” Clint says and pushes off his stool. He checks all the corners as he walks away and is tempted to scale the wall via the thick wooden beams that outline the windows, more than enough to grab onto and climb like going up a tree. The ceiling is all heavy beams as well, each at least a foot across, and Clint knows he could be up in the rafters in seconds, away from maybe-Stevens at least long enough to kill the urge to punch the fucker in his stupid face.His cell vibrates as he steps into the bathroom. It’s just a toilet and sink with paper towels stacked on the back of the toilet tank. He locks the door and turns to face it as he pulls his cell from his pocket. “Barton,” he answers.“How’s it going?” Coulson sounds wide-awake. Clint does a quick calculation of the time zones and realizes it’s about noon at base. “What the fuck is his name?” Clint asks rather than go into a diatribe. Coulson doesn’t need that. Coulson’s got a fucking thigh wound.“Williams,” Coulson supplies. “Williams is a dumbass,” Clint says. There’s no laugh or chuckle on the other end, but Clint gets a hum. “He’s a good handler. Good marks all around.”“Good,” Clint scoffs. “Pie is good. Beer is good. I don’t want a ‘good’ handler.”“What do you want?” Coulson asks.You, Clint thinks, but he doesn’t say it. Right fucking here in this shitty bar that has a certain charm he knows Coulson would appreciate because it has no pretension or ideas of being grander than it is. “He’s trying to gossip about you.”“Yeah?” Coulson sounds mildly amused. “What have I done this time?”“Killed fourteen guys, he says. Or maybe it’s more. He’s a fucking handler who doesn’t understand basic research.”“His research skills are fine,” Coulson says in the flat tone that tells Clint he’s displeased. Coulson doesn’t approve of talking shit about other agents. Clint respects his politeness on the matter, but it’s Williams. Who is totally fucking useless. “How’s your leg?” Clint asks, leaning against the sink and staring at the door. He’s been in here nearly 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

