Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Erik was on a mission.That was how he thought of it, in any case. Either that, or he was intensely pursuing his preferred hobby. Raven called it an 'obsession', but what did she know?"You need help," she said flatly.Erik resolutely ignored her, perched on a small rock by the shoreline. His eyes were trained intently on the tiny burrows peppering the sand. The sun had just set, so any moment -"No, really. This is stalking.""Be quiet," he muttered. "If it troubles you this much, you're welcome to return to the reef."Raven huffed, but remained where she was. She meant well, as he had grown to grudgingly admit, but Erik had long decided that the advice of any crab that preferred to look like a god damn anemone was not to be trusted. No self-respecting crustacean would even dream of covering themselves with coral polyps."It's no trouble for me," she continued, much to his annoyance. "I'm worried about you. Anybody could see you on that rock. What if a seagull gets you?""Seagulls are primitive creatures," Erik responded dismissively. "I'll dive back into the water before they're close.""Says everybody who gets eaten," Raven replied promptly. Erik chose to ignore this, mostly because she was unfortunately right. Then again, she had seaweed hanging off her shell.Raven, unfortunately, wasn't quite done."You know," she continued, "if you really have to keep stalking him, you could at least be a little less obvious. Here - "She reached up, anemone tentacles swaying in the current, and plucked a generous amount of sea grass off her shell."Here. They'll just think you're a piece of moss. Works every time."Erik eyed the sea grass with an impressive amount of disdain. "Decorator crabs," he said stubbornly, "are a shame to our kind. We shouldn't have to hide.""Decorator crabs," Raven retorted, "sit silently and watch as the rest of you scuttle away whenever a gull approaches.""It doesn't matter," Erik said sullenly, returning his gaze to the shoreline. "Crab and proud."Raven bristled in annoyance, and returned the sea grass to her shell. "You're a lousy hypocrite. You use your shell to hide from Charles all the time.""That's different.""It isn't even your shell. You stole it, like all you hermit crabs do.""Did not.""Yes you did. You took it from Shaw. Everybody recognises that shell.""Shut up.""At least this is my shell - "Erik took off in a scuttling run, diving back beneath the waves and heading to the shore. He could hear Raven shouting in protest by the rocks, warning that she wouldn't be stupid enough to follow him - this was expected, of course. Her camouflage, shielding her from the eyes of the most dangerous predators, was next to useless away from the colourful reefs.He remembered the other decorator crab that was caught by some humans, and spent a week trying to get glitter and sequins out of his shell. It made Erik shudder.The decorator crabs could solve their own problems. Erik, after all, had never pretended to understand them. At the moment, he had more important things on his claws.The chilly sea breeze washed over him as Erik reached the shoreline. He immediately retreated into his shell, waiting.This is stalking, Raven's voice echoed in his head. Privately, Erik might be inclined to agree - though to his credit, it was very skilful stalking. For weeks, he had been coming up to the shore, and the object of his fascination (Fascination, he told himself, not affection) hadn't suspected a thing.He was actually quite proud of it. Raven wasn't the only master of disguise around here, and he didn't need to do ridiculous things like walk around with an anemone hat. He had even gotten the other crab's name. Charles, he had heard him called. Charles.Speaking of which.The shell on the shore twitched briefly, as a small crab emerged from a deep burrow - it paused cautiously, checking for predators, before deeming the beach safe for exploration. A ghost crab, Raven had told him. Strange, pale little things that came out at night, with large eyes that made them look annoyingly naive and most certainly not adorable. Seagull bait, really - it was no wonder Charles didn't dare look for food in the day.Charles liked coquina clams, Erik had noticed. He had considered finding a few and leaving them by Charles' burrow, but that might raise suspicion. Subterfuge was key, if Erik was to continue his stal - observations.The little crab scampered out of his sight. Carefully, Erik emerged from his shell, surreptitiously trailing after his target. Shore crabs, he thought with a sigh, as Charles tripped over twigs and circled around pebbles. If there was anything he understood less than decorator crabs, it was them. How could anybody stand living in the sand, trampled by those homo sapiens every other day -Charles paused abruptly, and Erik instantly retreated back into his shell, settling innocuously into the sand. He peeked through a c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
X-Men First Crabs
everyone is a crustacean
Crack
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

