Work Text:
Podfic Length: 1:47:17
Download Link: mp3Part 1


Part 2


The city doesn't get quieter at night, really.Maybe there are less people awake to disturb Matt's senses, but night is full of sirens, of people hurt in back alleys. Night is when people cry into their pillows and hold on to each other too tight and wake up from dreams gasping.Matt likes it anyway, though. He likes listening to security guards laughing quietly in their stations at whatever they're watching muted on their televisions, and to parents whispering or singing to children having nightmares, and he likes the laughter that drifts up from people stumbling their way home. Something always interrupts, takes away from the good moments, but they're easier to single out and remember at night.Tonight, he's climbing back in his window at what must be close to three in the morning, later than he'd like when he has a secretary in the office now and has to be more careful with his hours. The second he focuses, he knows that Mara from the floor below him is still awake, pacing back and forth across her living room, taking deep rhythmic breaths.Her breathing isn't likely to calm her down, but Matt matches his to hers anyway, an instinct he still has from when he'd wake up panicked to hear his father asleep in their apartment, as he takes off his costume, puts it away. There's no worse on him tonight than a few bruises from a purse-snatcher. Everything has been a little quieter since Fisk was thrown in jail, Hell's Kitchen taking a breath, but Matt goes out anyway. A little quieter doesn't mean quiet.Downstairs, Mara stops pacing, and a second later there's a brief burst of static, and then the sound of a radio, not loud enough that anyone else would be able to hear it through the walls, a stranger's voice.“—taking my life into my hands, I know,” the stranger is saying. He sounds like he's smiling, and he's got a light voice, a pleasant one, nothing that grates or jars like so many radio broadcasters. At least if Mara keeps it on, it won't be impossible to sleep. “For what it's worth, I've never been mugged. I just like taking walks at night! I guess that's good, they don't pay me enough here to let me take cabs to and from work—ooh, frowns in the producer's booth, I'm very sorry, but you know it's true.”Mara chuckles a little and he can hear her settle, sit down, maybe on her couch. Matt keeps listening, gets something to wear to sleep out of his drawer.“I started doing it in college, college radio is great for making you a night person, but I don't know—there's this solidarity. It's pretty nice, on my walk over here this older guy saw me and he gave me this nod like we were part of some secret society, and let me tell you, I'm not cool enough to be a Mason.”Matt slides under his sheets.“I get it's not always safe, between the crime and the aliens and debatably the Daredevil, but sometime if you're ever up late and your windows aren't painted shut, try opening them sometime.”Matt, of course, doesn't need to. He can just listen a little harder and hear three people snoring in his building, someone on the phone speaking a language he doesn't recognize in the next building, a couple having a fight down the block.“Anyway, you're not here to listen to me talk, you're here for some tunes! Let's have some Billy Joel, and in the meantime, this is Foggy With a Chance on WCBF, here every night from midnight on.”It's easier to tune the radio out when it's playing some vaguely familiar song, and Matt does, enough that he can drift off to sleep.

*
Matt wakes a few minutes before his alarm to the sound of a door down the hall closing. His new neighbor again, coming back from his night job to go to sleep. He's done it almost every night since he moved in two weeks ago, a mob of his family there to help him and fuss over him. He tries to be quiet, but Matt's already close enough to awake that he can hear the door click shut, the tired sigh that's reflex at this point, the sound of the sink running and the refrigerator door opening and closing again.By now, Matt doesn't bother trying to cling to sleep for the last four or five minutes before his alarm blares. He sits up instead, stretching, testing his body. He's stiff and sore, but no more so than usual, and what sleep he did get was good—Mara must be feeling the same, because he can hear her snoring downstairs, back in her bedroom, the radio off.His neighbor hums while his microwave works, and it's a pleasant sound, much better than the last resident, who tended to swear at the news in the mornings.Matt's alarm finally goes off—he's beginning to wonder if he should start setting it five minutes earlier so he doesn't start resenting his neighbor—and he taps it, listens to the time, sits up.Karen calls when he's still making himself breakfast, waiting for the toast to come up in his toaster. “Do you want coffee? I've got some time this morning,” she says, once he's said hello.The only time Karen offers to pick
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Radio
Identity Porn
Podfic
Audio Format: MP3
Audio Format: Streaming
Podfic Length: 1.5-2 Hours
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

