Work Text:
__The problem with Charles Xavier is that he doesn’t get people.When they first met, Erik used to think that it’s because Charles is a rich upper-class boy, shielded from the real world by privilege and family wealth. Later, Erik will think that it’s because of all those stupid-ass psychological theories they gavage-fed Charles, like a Strasbourg goose, at Oxford.Sometimes, in his admittedly darker hours, Erik wishes either or both of those things were true – and they are, there’s no denying that – Charles is a privileged rich bastard, far too smart for his own good. Trouble is, even in combination, they aren’t enough.Not nearly enough to explain how Charles, with all his brilliance and shiny diplomas with many letters and years of experience ‘in the field,’ can get himself stuck in the middle of a war zone and turn himself into a willing hostage.“I fucking hate you, Charles,” Erik grits out under his breath, gripping the binoculars tighter as he stares at the besieged building, sweat dripping in a constant disgusting stream down his spine. “I hate you so much.”He can just see Charles’s vaguely apologetic – but never really, never apologetic enough – smile that is undoubtedly concealed somewhere in the half-ruined hospital.Erik’s fists clench, and oh, how he wants to punch him, from here into the next millennium, he wants to beat Charles to a pulp just so he would fucking stop getting himself into these unimaginable messes for five freaking minutes.Erik hasn’t slept for more than a couple of hours in the last few days, filled with transport planes and bumpy rides through the middle of nowhere, Africa, with its hellish heat and too many people carrying Kalashnikovs and American special ops units that shouldn’t even be there but are anyway, courtesy of Colonel Stryker. Erik is tired and grumpy and scared out of his mind, but he can’t give in to fatigue or fear, because Charles ‘Fuck You, Reason’ Xavier needs him alert and thinking, even if he has no idea that Erik is here, and would be pissed as hell if he did.Behind him, the captain of the ops unit is saying: “We have to move in now. Hit them while they aren’t expecting us.”Erik grits his teeth. Storming the building now would be a death sentence to anyone inside, including the hostages.Including Charles.Oh, hell no, Erik thinks, carefully undoing the clasp on his gun holster in case he needs it. Charles would frown at him, but Erik doesn’t care. He’s fine with Charles’s frowns as long as he can actually see them.Charles might choose to never speak to him again, and yes, Erik wishes that he’d taken his chance in Paris, a chance he might never get again, but none of it matters now except for one single thing.This is not going to end like this for as long as Erik is breathing.--Plenty of people underestimate Charles Xavier. Most people, in fact.To a point, it’s understandable. Those who know of his academic accomplishments write him off as a nerd – a bookworm who’d faint if you say a swearword around him.The impression would only grow stronger if they actually met him. Charles is on the shorter side, and of a slender build that is often exacerbated by him wearing clothes a little too big in an attempt to make himself appear larger. It has the opposite effect, of course, but Charles probably isn’t doing it on purpose. He looks the epitome of harmless.Most people, no matter how paranoid, dismiss Charles as a threat within two minutes of being in his presence.Most people – Erik knows only too well from personal experience – are idiots.--Charles likes to pick up strays. His mother cites non-existing allergies and never allows him to keep the abandoned kittens or puppies, instead making the servants take them to an animal shelter. Charles visits them regularly and is torn between happiness and sadness when someone adopts his former charges.However, one day he drags in not another street cat, but a shivering, frightened Raven.  She's dirty and hungry and still wearing bruises her drunk of a father left on her arms and back. Sharon Xavier isn’t thrilled, but then she wasn’t thrilled even when she gave birth to her own child, so it’s not something that can be held against her.Raven stays.A year later, Charles stumbles over Erik, who’s trying to survive on the street. Erik is two years older, and, despite his recent misfortune, bigger and sturdier than Charles, and knows how to fight. He doesn’t take it lightly when Charles stops him from stealing a pocket knife from a thrift store by loudly asking how much it costs and if children are allowed to have one.Charles gets a shiner for his trouble and it’s not altogether clear to Erik to this day how he ends up at the Xavier estate by nightfall, sleeping in a bed across the hall from Charles’s bedroom. All he clearly remembers is the overwhelming sense of exasperation at that kid who followed him around, preaching some kind of all-men-are-brothers-and-must-do-no-harm nonsense or other, refusing to be scared when E
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Suspense
Author is generally ignorant
First Time
Families of Choice
Romance
Plotty
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

