Work Text:
Tony liked it when things broke. It usually was an opening for him to go in and make them better.That was why he stood in the ruined penthouse suite of Stark Tower with both hands on his hips, surveying the damage. Overhead, a loose cable snapped apart, spraying a shower of golden sparks. Tony barely noticed; his mind's eye was already lit up with Plans, not unlike the visor display in the Iron Man suit. He was feeling more cheerful than he had in months."There's something wrong with you," said Pepper. Tony could only grin wider. ### Tony was going at it with the paneling – yes, he could hire contractors to do this, but sometimes a little demolition was good for the soul – and digging into the walls to make sure the security feeds and systems were up and online. Some things couldn't be outsourced, and Tony would be damned if he let anyone else access the security mainframe in the Tower."Sir, Mr. Banner is here to see you.""Let him in," said Tony absently, preoccupied with programming the backup security loop. "Unless he's green, in which case, defensive measures, Jarvis. Fort Knox this place up.""I heard that," said Bruce, somewhere behind him.Tony turned his head but didn't bother removing his goggles. "Does gamma radiation give you superspeed, too?""Not that I'm aware of," said Bruce mildly. Between him and Thor and Steve, Tony was probably going to go mildly insane with the lack of people who appreciated sarcasm or deadpan or any joke at all. After a pause, with Bruce taking a 360-degree look around, he said, "I guess we did a number on this place, huh?""Understatement of the year, possibly, but, eh, what can you do." Tony turned back to the security panel. "Plus, now I get a budget for new toys and Pepper won't even yell at me if I 'accidentally' blow the budget because we saved the world from a giant alien army.""We're due for a meeting at SHIELD in fifteen minutes," said Bruce, voice somewhat closer now. A pause. "You're programming biosignatures into the security system?""Well, can't just let anyone walk in here, can I?" Tony said. Huh. Bruce read that program over his shoulder pretty damn fast. "Say, you're not due back in India anytime soon, are you? It'd be great to have you at Stark Labs. All the perks, even some time off to go be a humanitarian, if that's your jazz. I consider it an investment since it's good PR.  Hey, I'll even throw in dental.""I…" Bruce looked like he was trying to catch up to Tony's train of thought. Tony recognized the look; people often got that look when talking with Tony, although Bruce was quicker on the uptake than most. Bruce said carefully, "You're okay with that? With… the other guy around, too?""I trust you," said Tony with a shrug.  He turned back to his work, trying to make it sound like it wasn't a big thing. Which it wasn't.  If SHIELD kept treating Bruce like a goddamn time bomb, he'd never learn to deal. "Everyone's got their demons, Bruce. Yours just happens to be really big and green and obvious, but that doesn't make you any more dangerous than the kid who wakes up one morning and decides he wants to gun down his entire school."Bruce was silent for long enough that Tony turned around again."Was it something I said? Pepper is normally my mouth filter, but she's in Hong Kong right now.""No…" Bruce managed a lopsided, quirky movement with this mouth that was the closest he ever got to a real smile. "Thanks, Tony. It'd be great to work with you.""For me," corrected Tony, but he grinned. "First order of business is programming the Hulk's biosignature into this for me because, against all my better judgment, I figure there may be a point in time when he will need to enter the Tower without being fricasseed.""You're electrocuting intruders? I feel like that's illegal. Actually, pretty sure that's illegal." Bruce pulled the keyboard towards himself and began typing in the code. "How about a springboarded catapult? I've always enjoyed the classics." ### Tony built things with the intent of making them last.  Stark Industries products didn't get replaced because they broke – they got replaced because there was a newer, better, shinier version of the same product and everyone had to have it.  In fact, he still had the first robot he ever built, kicking around in the basement somewhere.  And Tony wasn't kidding about the kicking, because he built it to play soccer with him. (Oh yeah, his therapist had a field day with that one.)Point being, when Tony committed to making something, it was going to happen. And it'd likely be around for a long time."Are you sure about these modifications to the structure?" Pepper had asked him earlier, while they were looking over floor plans. She was giving him a funny look, full of curiosity. "They'll be hard to uninstall, if it ever came to that."Tony bounced a rubber-band ball against the ceiling and caught it on its way down. "It won't come to that." I don't think, he adds silently, in the secrecy of his own head. ### The 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

