Work Text:
"So, Nick--I can call you Nick, right?--I had this idea yesterday." Tony looks up from the circuit board he's rewiring when Coulson makes a pained noise. "Ulcer acting up, Coulson? Anyway, my idea. This whole team thing is working pretty well, but I feel like we could be closer. You know, bond in a team-ly fashion."
"You want me to have HR arrange some team building for you?" Fury sounds incredibly skeptical.
"No, no. God, no." Tony shudders at the thought of trust falls and talking about his feelings. "Pool party in Malibu. I've already got Darcy working on it."
Fury sighs heavily. "Will it get you out of my hair long enough for us to finish fixing the damage that your team of merry idiots just did to Brooklyn?"
Tony can't help the way his eyes stray towards Fury's very shiny head, but notices Coulson doing the same thing so he doesn't feel bad. "Perfect! I already let Reed Richards know that they can count on the other second-stringers to help keep the city from burning to the ground if anything big comes up before the Avengers get back."
"Other second-stringers?" Fury asks, raising his eyebrow.
"Sure, Spider-Man, Black Cat, Falcon, Daredevil, Elektra, Power Man and Iron Fist..."
Coulson almost has an expression at that list and it's enough to make Tony's day.
Fury sighs and rubs his hand against the bridge of his nose. "I hope you realize that most of the people on your list are near the top of SHIELD's threat list."
"It'll be fine." Tony gives up on the rewiring and drops the whole mess on his workbench. He'll get to it later. "So, mom, dad, we're taking the Quinjet, don't wait up."
Fury gives him a deeply unimpressed look and says, "Agent Coulson will be accompanying you."
"A chaperone? Come on, I promise I won't try to get fresh with anyone. Except Pepper." Tony decides full disclosure now will solve a lot of problems later. "And Bruce if he's willing."
Fury doesn't even twitch, but Coulson reaches up to press his fingers against his eyes. "Sir, I have duties--"
"Agent Coulson goes with you or I arrange a real team-building exercise for you. And I can guarantee that it won't involve bikinis or margaritas."
Obviously that is the best offer he's going to get from Fury and so he starts toward the door, ordering over his shoulder, "Come along, Phillip. We have Operation Beach Blanket Bingo to attend."
In the reflection from the window, he catches the despairing look Coulson sends at Fury. It almost makes accepting the chaperoning worth it.
His phone rings as he heads towards the elevator, Coulson trailing after him. "Talk to me, Barton."

Is there a reason why you spirited my girlfriend away in the night?

"I needed her stellar organizational skills in Malibu. No worries, little Katniss, we shall be joining her soon."

We're going to the Malibu house? If I can get in without JARVIS knowing, will you make me more explosive arrows?

"No, you can't try to infiltrate my house, Barton. I've already got plans for some arrows that will blow your mind. Just make sure your jailbait girlfriend was able to find swimsuits for Thor's Asgardian buddies. I don't want wild beast fur mucking up my pool filtration."
Coulson's steady pace next to him stutters briefly as he hangs up on Barton's complaining. Hmmm, something to follow up on there, maybe. After he talks Bruce out of his lab and into...something else.
"I'm going to go collect Bruce. We're wheels up in forty-five minutes, Coulson, so go pack a bag." Tony doesn't bother to look back as he turns the corner towards Bruce's lab. Coulson got a direct order from Fury, so there's no way he won't be on the plane when they leave.
Bruce is concentrating deeply, nudging variables and running and re-running simulations, so Tony obviously has to jab him in the side with something sharp. "Ow!" he hisses, flinching away and generally looking harassed.
"Hey! You didn't hear a word I just said, did you." Tony boosts himself up to sit on the lab counter in front of him, idly swinging his legs and poking through Bruce's stuff.
Bruce sighs and closes his eyes briefly. "Tony. I really wish you wouldn't do that. You have a marked lack of self-preservation."
Tony rolls his eyes at him. "Yeah, whatever, Dr. Fluffy. Thor reacts worse when I startle him." Darcy was the one who came up with Dr. Fluffy in the first place, but Tony has been using it gleefully ever since.
"Thor doesn't have a nine-foot-tall creature of pure rage living inside of him."
Well, true, but. "Have you seen Thor when there's no coffee in the pot? Anyway, I did actually come here for a reason, not just to bug you."
Bruce laughs quietly. "That's a first."
"Whatever. You love it," he grins slyly.
Tony hopes, at least. It'll make convincing Bruce to try it out with him and Pepper a lot easier.
"And what was so terribly, terribly important that you just had to come and tell me?" Bruce asks, raising his eyebrows at him.
"Pool party in Malibu. Team building, open bar, the whole shebang."
"Pool party?" Bruce repeat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Sif
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Threesome - F/M/M

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Sif
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

