Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony sighed, eyes sweeping the room idly, trying not to think of the ropes rubbing along his wrists. The water dripping from ceiling pipe echoed loudly through the silent room. Tony narrowed his eyes at it, as if daring the water to leak out again.  
God, what I would do for a wrench. 
Of course, there were more pressing matters at the moment.Like the fact that he was sitting bound in an old iron chair, staring up at what Tony assumed to be some mob man’s muscle.The man was huge; if Tony listened closely enough, he could probably hear the clothes straining, trying to contain his bulk. The room was dark; the only light coming from a flickering bulb, but Tony could still make out the steely blue eyes that pierced him from across the room. Tony repressed a shudder. He was an intimidating man, sure, able to bring any business man to his knees in seconds. But Muscles over there did not sit well with Tony. Not that Tony would ever give him the satisfaction of knowing that. This wasn’t the first time Tony had ended up in some dank and smelly room, waiting for some second-rate criminal to try and strike a deal with him.All that ended with was a migraine for Tony and a body bag for his so-called ‘captor’.Tony’s not an idiot. Mafias are waiting at every turn in New York, and Tony’s skill set always makes him a target.
Please, like any one of those assholes could afford me. 
Tony would just have to run his mouth for a good twenty minutes while his implanted tracker led Happy right to him. And then Happy would meet his captor of the week. Or, more importantly, Happy’s gun would meet their temple.It was the same old song and dance; one that Tony had lost too many good suits too. If anything, it was just a hassle, and a waste of a perfectly good afternoon. Sometimes Happy, bless his heart, tried to mix it up once in a while so at least Tony could get some enjoyment out of it.But it wasn’t that case now. Tony didn’t have a perfect internal clock, but even he knew it had been over an hour.And no Happy.Which was not good, because at this point Tony would be running out of things to ramble on about. That is, of course, if the guy had made any demands.It was usually ‘build this’ or ‘hack that’, the same old spiel that Tony almost had memorized himself. Whatever asshole he was dealing with at the time would make his demands, threaten him with torture. If Tony was lucky, sometimes they would throw the word ‘murder’ around. And then Tony would laugh, crack his jokes, maybe get punched once or twice - life isn’t perfect - and then, cue Happy.But there hadn’t been any demands. The man had said nothing, just stared coldly at Tony as he went on and on about how good his blood will accent the tie he’s wearing. Which, frankly, was just plain insulting. Tony really doesn’t do the whole silence thing, but he wasn’t about to let some nobody show him up. Which, of course, is how Tony found himself stewing silently, counting the blood splatters left on the wall.At some point in time later, after at least an uncomfortable and silent fifteen minutes, the man had asked him something, but Tony, being the adult he is, had blatantly ignored him. See how you like it, asshole. But now even that was boring him.“I’m sorry, did you say something?”Tony heard the man scoff. “I asked if you were ready to have a serious conversation with me yet.”Tony rolled his eyes. “Are you kidding me? I’ve wasted all my small talk on you.”“Yes, all those empty threats really had me quivering in my boots,” he replied with a smirk.“Empty threats my ass. Do you even know who I am? Listen, there’s still time to save you from the oncoming and definitely fatal embarrassment. How about we just part ways now and I’ll let you walk out of this alive; I’ll even give you the added bonus of minimal maiming. See? I’m nice like that.”“I know exactly who you are, Mr. Stark.” The man walked towards Tony, stopping under the overhead light.Well hot damn.The man almost looked like an avenging angel, the light landing behind his head like a dim halo, accenting his sandy blonde locks. His cold, blue eyes flashed over Tony like he was fresh meat. Hell, this guy good give the statue David a run for his money.
I could probably bake cookies on his abs.
Tony flashed him a smile. “Well, sweet cheeks, it seems I’m at a disadvantage because I don’t know who you are.”The blonde pulled up the second chair and sidled down in front of Tony. “And why does that matter?”Tony shrugged. “I guess you make a good point. You’ll be dead soon anyway, learning your name would probably just waste my brain cells.”“I don’t plan on dying today.”Tony sighed. They never do. This idiot has no idea what he's gotten himself into. “You said you know who I am, yes? Then you should know that I’m a very powerful man with very powerful friends. This isn’t my first rodeo, kid. I know how this plays out. Spoiler alert, you end up at the bottom of the Hudson.”The man let out a hollow laugh, the corners
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Violence
Murder
Character Death
Blood and Gore
Torture
Kidnapping
Alternate Universe - Mob
Hurt/Comfort
Hydra (Marvel)
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Lies
Guns
Everyone Needs A Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Not Canon Compliant
POV Multiple

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

