Work Text:
Darcy thinks it's weird that he likes sushi. She also thinks it's weird that he has a twenty four dollar a month comic book habit (twenty four dollars for six comics! What the hell is this world coming to?), eats spoonfuls of sugar from the bag, and drinks at least two 'steroidal bodybuilder' protein shakes a day. But the weirdest, and saddest, thing about him, according to her, is his inability to get drunk. She finds it completely unthinkable.“It's not like I had particularly good experiences with alcohol prior to the... thing,” he says, and glances behind them to make sure no one's listening in. Nobody is, including Darcy, who's about a foot away, leaning against a wall. He stops and backtracks.“You,” she pants, waving her finger at him. She's only just started coming on runs with him; he has to remember that not everyone can go as fast as he can, but he's so used to doing these things alone that it's taking some getting used to.“Your legs are like...” She leans her head back against the wall and glares at him. “Are like twice as long as mine. I can't keep up with you, that's just... just science.”“Sorry,” he says, and pulls his bottle of water out of his bag. “Water?”“Yeah,” she says, swiping it off him. She takes a long drink from it, pulls a face, and spits it back out. “What the hell is in that?”“It's just protein powder.”“In water?” she asks, her voice going a little shrieky. “That's disgusting. You're disgusting.”He laughs, and puts his hands in his pockets, rocking back on his heels a little. “Didn't you bring your own water?”“I didn't realise we were running a marathon!” She stretches out her legs, then doubles over. “Oh, cramp, ow, ow, ow.”“Are you okay?” he asks, immediately feeling bad for laughing, and comes up beside her.“I'm in agony,” she says, clutching at her leg. He drops down in front of her, resting his hands lightly on her outer thigh. He nudges her hand away until she lets it fall to her side, then starts gently massaging first his knuckles, then the pads of his fingers into her leg. She shifts a little at first, hissing through her teeth as he works into her twitching muscle, then slowly stills and puts her hand on his shoulder to steady herself. Her fingers trail up until they hit the back of his neck, and she absently strokes the hair there while he keeps massaging her leg.He takes a shaky breath. “Okay, how's that?”“Huh,” she says, as she does what she's told, pointing the toe of her beaten up tennis shoe towards the sidewalk. It really isn't any wonder that she got a cramp, those shoes aren't anywhere near good enough for this kind of exercise. “Better. You've got yourself some magic hands there.”He drags his 'magic' hands across the brick wall behind them to distract himself. “Yeah, well.”She grins at him and pushes herself off the wall. “How about we finish this off with a brisk walk, okay?”Her 'brisk walk' is more of a limp, leaning against his side a little more heavily than probably necessary. “Man, I need a drink,” she mutters when they're a couple of blocks from his apartment.“You're still welcome to my 'disgusting' bottle of water.”“I meant a real drink, like... hey, like that.” She points to a poster plastered onto the side of a construction site. They've been popping up all over the neighbourhood in the last week, on lampposts, and underneath the windscreen wipers of cars on his streets. His neighbours aren't particularly happy about that, from what he's heard. That pub must really want people to come to their Halloween night.“Alcohol,” Darcy whispers reverentially, stroking the crudely drawn cartoon of a leprechaun in devil horns. “Electrolytes,” he counters, kissing the top of her head. “Come on.”“Mm,” she responds, still looking at the poster. “We should go to this.”“What?”“It'd be fun,” she insists. “Oooh, look, and they're having a costume competition.”“Who'd it be fun for?” he asks.“For me, Steve, for me. And maybe for you too. At some point you're going to have to relearn how to socialise with people who aren't me.”“Is that even possible now?”She narrows her eyes up at him. “You're trying to be funny again. But seriously, it wouldn't be a bad idea for you to, you know, mix with other human beings. And it's Irish. Your heritage!”Steve can almost guarantee that no Irish person has ever been into this place. “I don't... mix because I don't want to get recognised. I'd like to be able to walk around my neighbourhood without getting stopped and stared at every five minutes.”“So, I'll get you a mask.” As soon as she says it, her eyes light up. “Yeah, it'll be perfect! You'll be able to talk to people without getting recognised, and people won't even think it's weird.”He frowns at her and she pouts.“Oh, my leg!” she cries, grabbing at it. “It's hurts so much. Oh God, I think it's going to have to be amputated. It's too late for me!” she says, letting go of his arm and slapping one hand over her heart, staggering a little. “Save yourself!”“Okay, okay!” he says
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Drunkenness

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

