Work Text:
The only reason the blow doesn't break Clint's arm is that he saw a flicker of movement in the corner of his eye and instinct had him move. As it is, the blow still lands and it hurts.
Clint's three steps away in an instant, wondering what the hell is going on in here. He'd come into the abandoned building because he'd heard a noise but he's not said anything yet, why is be being attacked?
And he's unarmed for goodness sake. Well. He's not got his bow. That's unarmed, right?
Carefully, he scans his surroundings and his eyes lock onto another movement in the near pitch black. This time he dodges the blow, noticing how low it's aime- no. How short his opponent is. Clint grabs for his phone and shines the light in the direction of his attacker.
'Holy shit, you're a kid,' he gets out before the kid's moving at him again and Clint has to quickly throw his phone into his pocket and dodge again. A kid! Landing blows like a pro though, he thinks as he jumps a low punch. And protecting something? He notes how the blows always come from roughly the same direction. Clint feints a movement in that direction and the resulting kick is swift and accompanied by a shout.
Yup. Protecting something.
Clint decides a tactical retreat is in order. He backs up, trying to find the point where this kid will stop coming for him and go back to his protection duty. It takes about ten feet before the kid stops moving and Clint stops too, already fumbling for his phone. He shines the light in the direction he'd last seen movement.
It lands on a kid, panting slightly but not exhausted. Clint can only see the kid's chin as nearly his entire face is covered by a loose cowl...
Daredevil's cowl. Oh shit. The kid - no Daredevil - also has the remnants of his suit on and while it's baggy, someone has tied it at the waist and sleeves so it's not hampering movement. Tied it poorly actually, just like a child with limited resources would do.
'Daredevil?' The kid's head twitches but he gives no sign of recognition. 'Come on, you've not told me your name. Kid, come on. I'm here to help.'
'Says who?' A reaction. Thank fuck. 'Who are you?'
Oh right. Proof he's here to help. Clint really didn't think this through. 'My name is Clint, I'm uh, umm. I'm a superhero?'
'They aren't real.' So no memories from adulthood. That's not at all helpful. 'Are you with Stick?'
Who the hell is Stick? 'Yes.'
'Liar.' Mini-Daredevil shifts into a defensive position. 'You're here to hurt us.' He starts muttering something  and Clint focuses on his lips. Something about his body knowing his enemies and holy shit what kind of childhood did Daredevil have?
It dawns on Clint he's really not prepared for dealing with this. Time to get the big guns.
'Okay kid, look. I'm not here to hurt you and I am a superhero. I'm going to get proof.'
He texts Nat.

Situation in Hell's Kitchen. Bring Cap and make him as patriotically recognisable as you can. For a kid like, twenty years ago. 


On my way. This is going to be a good story, I can tell.

********
They arrive thirty-five of the most awkward minutes later. Nat enters the building first, followed by Steve in what Clint recognises as a replica of his World War Two suit. The fact it's a bit tight makes Clint think they got it from somewhere on the way here. You really can buy anything in New York.
Mini-Daredevil had tensed about three minutes ago and the moment Nat comes in he shifts his weight. He looks like he's preparing for a fight.
Nat takes one look at the situation and drops into the most casual stance Clint's ever seen her manage. 'Hey. I'm not interested in fighting you.'
'Then why are you here?' Mini-Daredevil's tone is wary but confused.
Then Steve makes the mistake of stepping forward, into the space Clint's labelled mentally as belonging to this scared and fighting kid. Like a cobra, Mini-Daredevil strikes with a punch at Steve's groin - hardly below the belt when it's not much lower than the kid. He's out of range in a split second, which is good as Steve's reaction is an aborted strike.
But Mini-Daredevil doesn't back off. He launches himself back at Steve with a rather spectacular jump that allows him the height to hit Steve in the face. Again, he darts out of range but this time he's moved too far left.
Steve's now between him and whatever he was guarding. Clint can see the moment this dawns on Mini-Daredevil because he freezes. Nat notices too.
'Take two steps back Steve. Right now.' Without question, Steve moves back towards Nat. In doing so, he steps into the light of Clint's phone. Mini-Daredevil doesn't react.
But someone else does. 'Captain America?' a young boy asks and Clint knows what Mini-Daredevil's been protecting. 'I thought you were dead.' Mini-Daredevil moves back into position as another kid comes out of the darkness, where he'd been hiding. He's long haired and also wearing baggy clothing, though his is a very nice suit. Some kind of professional then.
'I ah, was asleep. They woke me up.' S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Fluff
Angst
Childhood Trauma
Child Soldiers

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

