Work Text:
"I can't believe this is happening to me. This is not happening to me. This is not happening to me."
"Will you cease your stupid prattling and get your arse over here!"
Tony closed his eyes, praying with all his might that when he opened them again this would all be a dream. A terrible, terrible, vicious dream. He squinted one eye carefully open. Nope.
Half-caved-in underground lab: Still caved in.
Precarious balance on tilted slab dangerously close to sludge of chemicals from exploded equipment: Still precarious.
Crushed helmet with crushed communication system: Still crushed.
Pissed off pregnant god--
Nope, nope. Tony shut his eyes again. "This is not happening to--Ow!" He glared at Loki, rubbing his head where he'd just been beaned with what felt like a chunk of concrete flooring. "Throwing tantrums doesn't get you what you want, young man."
"Well, speaking clearly doesn't seem to have worked," Loki shot back. He was sitting propped up against the remains of a filing cabinet, looking somewhat the worse for wear for having been caught in the cave-in with Tony. And, good god, looking really enormously pregnant. No wonder he hadn't managed to make it out.
Just Tony's luck that the bad guy hadn't gotten away.
"Fine," Tony said, giving up on any hope that he was unconscious and hallucinating. "What do you need me to do?"
"Come over here," Loki said slowly, deliberately. "And help me get up."
Tony waited. "That's it?"
Loki glared. "I'm in labor, you idiot. I'd prefer not to deliver my child in a puddle of electrified chemicals."
"I'm sorry," Tony said, after what he felt an appropriate amount of time had passed. "You're in what?"
"It can't possibly have escaped your notice that I'm roughly the size of an elephant. It's customary, at some point, for babies to emerge into the world. Mine will do so soon, probably within the hour."
"Oh, god," Tony said. "This is my worst day ever."
-----
Loki hadn't been kidding. Apparently being a god meant super-stoic birthing powers, because it turned out that the whole time he and Tony had been snarking back and forth pre-cave-in, he'd also been carrying along with having contractions and preparing to make his escape and go have the baby somewhere. Presumably between master plans of evil. Or whatever it was he was doing these days instead of evil.
Now, though, Loki was kneeling on a makeshift pad of lab coats and seat stuffing in someone's office, breathing harsh and fast through each contraction and doing his best to break Tony's arms through his suit. Tony had had to help him get undressed. There was no amount of liquor on this planet that would make him ever tell about the experience of shimmying leather-armored trousers off a pregnant god's ass.
At least he'd found out how the baby was going to come out.
"So, you've got...everything. Everything you need. To have the baby."
"Did you think I was going to squeeze it out my arse?" Loki growled at him.
"Well, no. Thank you for that image, though. But come on, you're a shapeshifter. You couldn't do basic female? Make everything more, I don't know, streamlined?"
"I'm a shapeshifter who wants to birth a baby and who enjoys having a cock. Are there any other inane questions you wish to ask?"
"Kind of regretting the last one," Tony said truthfully. "So, no."
Tony winced as Loki started breathing through another contraction, and his hands tightened around Tony's forearms. He could swear he could hear the metal of the suit stressing. "Look," he tried. "Let me get you something else to hold on to. Like a steel bar. Or the Hulk."
"No time," Loki gritted out, bowing his head and breathing hard. He shifted his grip, pulling himself up and rocking back on his heels. "I'm about to start pushing."
"Whoa, whoa, hold on there. Can't that wait? We're going to get dug out of here any sec--minute now. Any hour. Really."
Loki lifted his head to grin at him, all teeth and wicked mischief. "Babies don't wait for convenience, Stark. Trust me. This isn't my first."
"Oh, now, that's just information I didn't need to know."
But, damn, Loki knew what he was talking about. He pushed on the next contraction, and five pushes later he was reaching down between his own legs to catch up a bloody, squirming bundle as it slid out.
"Oh, god," Tony said. "Can I go throw up now?"
But Loki wasn't listening to him anymore.
"Oh, look at you," Loki breathed, slumping back against the wall as he lifted the baby up, carefully untangling the umbilical cord. He ran his finger inside the baby's mouth, bent his head, and blew a soft green mist into its nose and mouth. The baby wrinkled its nose, sneezed, coughed, and then gave a loud cry. "Oh, yes, I know," Loki said, rubbing along its back. "I know." He opened up the bottom of his shirt, the only piece of clothing he'd kept on, and laid the baby on his still-swollen stomach, not seeming to care about the blood and fluid that covered them both.
It took Tony a minute or two to realize that, as far as Loki was conce
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg
Humor
Fluff
Childbirth
Nursing
Community: norsekink
Schmoop
Intersexuality
Slash
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Sibling Incest (No Blood Relation)
Incest
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

