Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony says something, tone bright and cheerful. It sounds like Russian to Steve, so he turns expectantly to Natasha.She's frowning, furious concentration on her face, staring intently at Tony's lips. Tony grins at her, babbles something that, from his expression, is some sort of proposition, and cocks his head.'I...' Natasha shakes her head, hard. 'I'm sorry. It's almost... but I don't know!''So, not Russian,' Steve sighs, looking over to see Tony ripping the insides from the microwave, having apparently lost interest after their lack of response.'Or Ukrainian, Polish, or Serbo-Croatian! Dammit, what the hell is going on?' Natasha shouts, more emotion on her face than Steve's ever seen there before. He's kind of impressed.'It's Macedonian,' Clint appears in the doorway, eyebrows raised. 'His mother was a refugee; raised him without much input from Howard until it was clear the boy was a genius, then it was tutors and special instruction the whole way to college,' he grins at their shock. 'Coulson was great at backgrounding. From his interviews you'd never know English was a second language. All credit to the guy, since he can't understand me at the moment.'Tony glances over, says something to Clint, and goes back to mucking around with the microwave when Clint just looks blank.'Sooo...' Clint spreads his hands. 'How exactly did this happen? You guys were just going for pizza, right?'Steve sighs and closes his eyes. 'Yes. And I don't know who or what did this. He just... stopped understanding English.'It's horrible, in a sort-of-harmless way. At least Tony doesn't seem bothered by their lack of understanding; but then, he's always been unfazed by others' lack of comprehension when he 'sciences-out', as Steve heard Darcy call it last week after the thing with the Doombots.'Maybe it'll wear off?' he says, not able to believe it. Their lives aren't that kind.Natasha glares at him, then stomps over to an access panel embedded in the wall. 'Jarvis,' she barks, then louder when there's no response. 'Jarvis!'The light in the panel goes from blue to red, then there's a pop, smoke, and all the artificial lights snap off.'Oh, great,' Clint says. 'So much for accidental amnesia.'Tony yells something bitter sounding, then something that sounds like a curse.'Yeah, buddy,' Steve says, hoping his tone and voice will help, if not the content. 'We're working on it.'****Tony-minus-English-comprehension gets along with Hulk best, and Steve isn't sure whether or not he's surprised by that fact.He was definitely disturbed the first time he walked in on them playing  'smash the potted plants' in the hallway. Hulk turned a surprisingly sweet smile on Tony when he yelled a war cry (or at least, Steve assumed it was a war cry. As far as he knew, it could have been a very loud request for sandwiches or something) and executed a sloppy roundhouse on a begonia. Steve just stared for a moment, then turned and walked away.The various Avengers have wildly differing attitudes to the... situation, Steve decides is the best description. Hawkeye takes it as an opportunity to give Tony all the praise he deserves for the brilliant improvements he's wrought on Hawkeye's bow and arrows and the generous use of his house, but that Hawkeye refuses to give him normally. Steve supposes he can understand that; Regular Tony vacillates between intense focus and cartoonish arrogance, and compliments have a distressing tendency to be broadcast at the rest of the team at high volume. Repeatedly.Natasha seems to be taking Tony's 'choice' of language personally, and has vanished into the bowels of SHIELD. According to Hill's report, she's sequestered in an unused brig with a copy of 'Macedonian for Dummies' and a stack of pirated Macedonian soap operas.Banner has chosen to let the Hulk take the lead, since Tony's still-incessant babble is apparently even more annoying to him when he can't parse the content. 'He's going to come out anyway,' he'd said wearily when Steve questioned him. 'At least this way we don't have to keep replacing walls.'Thor's in some tiny town down in New Mexico, and since he accidentally crushed the first twelve cell phones he'd been given, and used the thirteenth as a poor substitute for Mjolnir after one of the frog-slug-whatever-disgusting-thing-they'd-been the week before last had swallowed the actual hammer during the fight...Well, since Thor had been declared 'A menace, seriously, that last one was tougher than a goddamn nokia from '97, Jesus Thor, how did you even DO that?!' by Tony, he wasn't allowed a cell phone of his own, and he hadn't thought to give anyone his girlfriend's number. So Thor was on holiday and unreachable.Steve sighs. Tony had been making noises about designing a special communication device for Avengers emergencies. Something with enough range to cope if a satellite or two were knocked out of orbit, 900-bit encrypted, though Steve wasn't sure about that number. Or what a bit of encry
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
kinkmeme fill
Communication Issues
wee bit o' angst
with bonus sextra
now with extra bonus fluff
No beta we die like mne

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

