Chapter 1: Gathering Of Giants
    




Chapter Text
The Einherjar guards following Loki and Thor on their outing had quickly spotted the two lone Frost Giants sneaking into Asgard. The caves in the mountains proved to have an unknown portal to Jotunheim which the giants had used to travel with. Thor and Loki had, by sheer bad luck as far as Loki was concerned, been close by where the giants had been spotted. Evidently they were not entirely mindless as they hastily fled back from where they came.And, Thor being Thor, the brute just had to follow.“Stop, let us plan this, Thor!”“Brother, if we do not go -”“It could be a trap!” Loki desperately pointed out.“Be quiet, and heed my words!” Pointing Mjolnir at Loki, Thor glared. “I will teach them a lesson they will not soon forget. They are not allowed to trespass.”When Thor ran into the portal Loki gritted his teeth, ignored every survival instinct he had and followed. Someone needed to save Thor from himself, and since no more royal children were forthcoming it was his job to be the voice of reason.Once through the portal and into the frozen wintry landscape that was clearly Jotunheim they followed the two Frost Giants on foot, though their pace was slower due to the unfamiliarity they had with the landscape. The wind was merciless and the ground slippery, but they pressed on. Loki abruptly stopped Thor by pulling on his arm when the two Frost Giants that had entered Asgard were met up by two bigger giants. Their worn faces gave their age away.“Thor, look! They are youngsters,” Loki shouted over the howling wind. “Look at how much smaller they are!”“They -”“I know,” Loki said in a much calmer voice, trying to calm his brother by acting calm himself, “I know. But if it was simply two curious children we cannot just slay them... it could just as well have been us! You cannot say we have never ended up in places by accident, brother.”Thor shook his arm free of Loki's grasp and continued to approach the Frost Giants, if a little less cocksure of himself than before. He was not the complete idiot Loki sometimes accused him of being, but he was every bit as reckless and hotheaded as people claimed in their gossip. Loki followed his brother hesitantly, all the while he kept a keen eye on their surroundings in case more giants showed up. He had no choice but to back his brother up alone until the guards could alert Odin.Or one of the army officers.Or Heimdall.Or anyone, really.He wanted to make it back home alive, thank you very much. They were alone in a foreign realm and Loki knew all too well that this could end horribly. He had grown up on horror stories about the fearsome Frost Giants, he was not about to underestimate the danger they were both in.And, even if all the stories were nothing but lies, they were still the ones currently trespassing into a hostile realm. They had no authority here. No allies. Plenty of potential enemies, though, and that was a terrifying thought. Loki took a deep breath.More adult giants gathered around the group ahead, keeping the smallest protected in the center. Loki swallowed hard. He had certainly heard stories of the Frost Giants and seen some pictures, but he had never been to Jotunheim, had never seen them in the flesh before. The war prisoners used in the army for training purposes were all glamoured to look like normal Aesir, and as far as Loki knew they only had Fire Giants left. These were bigger, the adults were easily twice Thor's height and then some, but seemed slender and agile rather than bulky like most Aesir. They had proper proportions, everything on them was just bigger than usual. Twice as big. He wondered how a glamour managed to shrink a giant down, it would be an interesting thing to study. He had never trained with the captive giants himself, but Thor had.Father had asked if he would rather skip that part, claiming Loki would just end up in the infirmary after each session. Loki had agreed. Now he wondered if it would not have been beneficial to know how to at least cripple one. Though, since they were humanoid they likely did not differ too much from the other species in the Nine Realms.“Jotuns,” Thor boomed as if he owned the land and had every right to act as judge over them, “what was the meaning behind sending scouts into Asgard?”Loki winced at the aggressiveness. One could always catch more flies with honey than with vinegar, and certainly when dealing with a foreign species a little politeness went a long way.The adult Frost Giants snarled at them in their own language, hissing heated words among themselves. The youths whimpered and looked terrified. Loki wanted to comfort them, tell Thor to leave them alone, but he knew Thor well enough to know he would not follow advice in the current mood.“We will settle this before the King,” one of the adults said in Allspeak at long last. A clever tactic, and one that would escalate matters above their heads. Taking a stand then and there would land blame on thei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Laufey & Loki (Marvel)
Helblindi & Loki (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki
Laufey/Loki (Marvel)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Incest
Kidnapping
Politics
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Out of Character
Royalty
Loki Needs a Hug
Scandal
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Magic-Users
Magic
Jötunn Loki
Underwater Sex
Culture Shock
Canon? What Canon?
Post-War
Odin's Parenting
Pre-Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence - Pre-Thor (2011)
Alien Biology
Laufey is not amused
Laufey Likes To Read
Álfheimr | Alfheim
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Trolls
Vanaheimr | Vanaheim
Family Drama
Sibling Rivalry
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Laufey & Loki (Marvel)
Helblindi & Loki (Marvel)
Fandral/Loki
Laufey/Loki (Marvel)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

