Work Text:
"...Uh, Jarvis?""Good morning, Captain Rogers. How may I assist you?"Steve scratches the back of his head, feeling stupid and awkward and like a bother. This much hasn't changed since before the war, before the serum and the Commandos and this new world he has found himself in. Still, the itch behind his eyes is too strong; it feels like it might send his head splitting to pieces, if he lets it."Tony said you might be able to help me. I... are you busy right now? I don't want to interrupt any of your tasks...""Not at all, Captain. I am fully able to process Sir's requirements and other tasks at the same time. Please, tell me how I can help you."Steve winces. "Um, could you maybe call me Steve? I'm... off the clock right now, so to speak." So off the clock he's in a different time zone altogether, it feels like. And no, Steve isn't really thinking straight just then, per se. He can't help but feel that Jarvis is the only thing, the only person in this place who can spare the time to help him find out what is happening to him, what has been happening to his mind all the while that he'd been too busy fighting a war to figure out."Of course, Steve. It would be my pleasure. I am at your service."Okay. Okay. Let's start at the top."After the serum, I started... picking things up. Really fast. And I have absolutely no frame of reference for whether they are the right things, or just my imagination running riot. Could you maybe... listen as I try to pick them apart, and correct my assumptions where I'm wrong? That would be hugely helpful.""Very good, Steve. I am ready to begin at your leisure.""Okay. Perhaps we could start with German? Can you speak it?""Yes, Steve.""After a while, after we got dropped in Germany, I started understanding it just from listening to people speak. I'd never heard a word of German before that. So perhaps, if I were to start speaking, you could correct me? And then afterwards, I would like you to test my math and physics knowledge. I... hanging around Tony is making my head hurt, and I know I'm way below his level, way below his building, even, but maybe if I started understanding one word in five, things might go smoother.""Certainly, Steve. Please switch to German now. Erzähl mir von dir."---"Jarvis?""Yes, Steve?""I... thank you so much for doing this for me. Tony is always so busy with really important things, and the others... Well, I know I'm not exactly from this time, and it's understandable that their patience runs out fast when I ask all these stupid questions. So I guess I just... I really appreciate you taking the time."...Jarvis?""I am sorry, Steve. You are very welcome. You may call upon me anytime, day or night. Is that agreeable?"Steve thinks about stifling the sound of overwhelming relief trying to claw out of his throat, that he's not crazy, that someone as utterly, unquestionably sane as Jarvis thinks he makes perfect sense -- but there's only Jarvis in the room, and Steve knows he won't be judged for it."Yes. Yes, it's a deal."---"Sir?"Tony grunts under his breath, fingers dancing over the keyboard, pausing to make notations on a tablet hooked up to JARVIS' interface."Sir?"Tony sighs irritably. He hates being interrupted when he's on the edge of something--"Sir."Tony throws down his stylus and glares at the screen. "What? Can't you see I'm busy?""I really think you should see this, sir."This number is out of place. This can't be right. "Unless Banner has Hulked out in the middle of the lab, sort it out yourself."The screen he's been staring at abruptly switches off. Tony rears back, shocked. "What the hell?" he demands loudly. "JARVIS? Are we having a malfunction? Do I need to reprogram you not to shut your creator out of his work while he's busy changing the world?""Sir, you need to come to the ground floor sitting room right now."JARVIS sounds... oddly reproachful. Has Tony forgotten someone's birthday?"What do I need to do when I get there?" he asks cautiously, hunting for clues."Learn."O-kay. That is something Tony can't pass up. The assumption that he isn't brilliant at everything grates.He stomps into the room in question, mind still tangled up in calculations, ready to be singularly unimpressed. "What the fucking hell could possibly be so important that my AI considers employing psychological warfare acceptable--"--And stops.Steve stands in front of a glowing wall that Tony recognises from his own notations into space. He is holding one of Tony's spare stylus pens, and he's writing on it with the kind of single-minded focus that reminds Tony of his most-obsessive creating processes.On the wall is the simplest, most perfectly beautiful math equation that Tony has ever seen. It's like staring at pure, unquestionable truth, something so undeniably right that even Tony has to shut down and stare, mind doing that "why the fuck did you never think of that, you moron" song and dance that he hates more than anything else in the world.The kick of it is that thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Smart Steve
super soldier serum is tricky
Steve does math
Angst
JARVIS is best
The Erik & Charles show
#coulsonlives
#ErikStays
Alternate Universe - Canon
Fix-It
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
Pheels
Tony No
Steeeeebe
Smart is Sexy
science is sexy
Smart people are hot
Superhusbands
Romance
Happy endings all round

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

