Work Text:
He thinks about his arm, sometimes. He wonders if it’s buried in a shallow grave or frozen in the Alps. He wonders if it’s still reaching uselessly for the man who failed to save him. His sanity is conditional on his memories and his memories are cold and fractured things. His breath is frosting in the cryochamber and if he can see it, it means his eyes are open and it means he is awake. He is unbearably weary. Even a soldier must grow tired of dealing in death. +This is what he knows: he is a man, of no discernible nationality. He tastes the air and thinks it might be Sweden. A gun is pushed into his hand. This is what he knows. +“No one made a fucking manual for this thing.”“Do we even know if he’s still alive in there?”“I’m pretty sure that tapping on the glass isn’t gonna help.”“Maybe a crowbar.”“I think he’s dead.”“Do we need to explain cryostasis to you again, Yvgeny?”“I’m just saying, we paid a lot of money for this guy.”“Oh, wait, we’re actually using a crowbar?”(And somewhere, from the ashes of the Red Room, is a furled page, torn from a personal ledger and filled with cramped near-illegible writing. The operative must be eased from cryostasis as one would ease a child from a nightmare. A low level of lighting is required. Remember! Soothing voices. Previous experience has shown that the operative reacts unfavourably to conflict within the first ten minutes of waking. He is our greatest achievement. Treat him accordingly. Treat him as one of the Kelch eggs. Treat him as you would your ailing grandmother. Treat him as you would your lover. Treat him as you would any volatile substance. Failure to do so is catastrophic. Remember Sasha. - Nasten’ka Petrova.)+The stark overhead lights are blue and garish and they buzz irritatingly. He is covered in blood, from head to toe. There is a crowbar clenched in his right hand and he has to pry it free with his metal fingers. The bodies do not disturb him. His nakedness does, a little. He shakes his head, over and over. There is a brown envelope on the table. It is splattered with blood. It is a mission. 
[OBJECTIVE: Kill Captain America.]
He purses his lips. There is a lighter in the pocket of one of the dead men. The cryochamber is highly flammable. He steals a fur coat and walks barefoot out into the snow. He inhales deeply. He is a man of no discernible nationality and less morality and memories eat at the corners of his mind. He is fraying at the edges. +There are papers, money and a passport in the glove compartment of the car outside, weighed down by a gun. He picks it up. This is what he knows.+It is easy to travel to America. He opens his mouth and he speaks English and his accent is entirely Brooklyn. The woman sitting next to him on the plane tells him he sounds like an actor she once saw in All My Sons. He smiles and he is not oblivious to the way the colour rises in her cheeks. He says that he is not a fan of Miller; he prefers the Russians. Theirs is a bleakness he can understand. The woman is interested. She is curling her hair around her fingers. It’s chestnut and falls in thick waves around her face. He thinks that she is pretty and he’s pleased that such subjective observations are not beyond him. He will be a real live boy yet. He drinks bourbon, on the rocks. She asks if he’s heard of the Mile High Club. His lips curve into an easy smirk. He says that he might have spent the better part of the twentieth century in stasis but he is remarkably widely-read. She laughs. She does not mind his metal arm. She is fascinated, in fact.(He does not tell her of the multitude of tests that were run to ensure he had full range of sensitivity and dexterity. Somewhere, there is a record; there is empirical evidence that, like all Red Room operatives, his body is a weapon, not a temple.)After she leaves the restroom, he counts to thirty. He looks at himself in the mirror. When he leaves, the air steward gives him a knowing smile and the air stewardess sighs and slips ten dollars to the air steward and, of the forty-six passengers he can see before he sits down, he knows that thirty-three are asleep, eight are watching cartoons, three are drunk, one is reading the bible, like she knows something the rest of them don’t, and the other is the woman whose teethmarks are hidden beneath his shirt.When they land, he steals her passport. +
Red Room operatives are strongly discouraged from collecting souvenirs.+It is only when he is sitting on the C-train that he stops to consider how familiar this is, from the smell of the train to the raucous announcements. He gets off at High Street. His memories fracture. They are like splinters. There is a war memorial and his palms are sweating, though it’s so very cold, and the wind picks up and he shivers. He is the Winter Soldier and he shivers. 
This memorial is dedicated to the heroic men and women of the borough of Brooklyn who fought for liberty in the Second World War 1941-1945 - 
He is the Winter Soldier and h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

