Work Text:
They waited to tell him until after, after the world had been saved and Loki had been shunted back to Asgard in not nearly enough chains for Clint’s comfort. Fury waited until Earth’s mightiest heroes had all gone their separate ways before handing him Phil’s bloodied dog tags with a grim look. Which was smart, really, because Clint would have gone after Loki with his bare hands, and that wouldn’t have ended well for anyone. It didn’t make him feel any less like punching Fury in the face or soothe the sting of Natasha’s complicity.They waited to tell him, and he would have seen the wisdom in that if he could have seen anything other than the slips of metal in his hand, the last tokens of a life of service, stamped with simple facts that could never encompass even a fraction of the man they were meant to sum up. He would have seen the wisdom, but, for the first time in his life, he just couldn’t see.“He believed in the Avengers Initiative,” Fury said, and he almost sounded like he cared. “He wanted you to be a part of it.”“I know what he fucking wanted,” Clint snapped. “He wanted to go off-base to get waffles for breakfast. He wanted me to read those stupid comic books he kept in the closet. He wanted me to stop hogging all the blankets and start folding my fucking socks. He wanted t-”Clint broke off. His voice just wouldn’t go anymore, and Fury had the decency not to look him in the eye.“Fuck it.” He didn’t squeeze the tags in his hand, as much as his fingers ached to close around them. If he held too tight, the dried blood would start to flake off, and he refused to lose any more pieces of Phil. “Fuck you. Fuck the Avengers. I’m done.”Fury’s eye narrowed. “I’m afraid that’s not really an option.”“What are you gonna do? Send someone to drag me back?” Clint growled. “You and I both know that if I go to ground, there’s not a tracker ali-... alive who could find me.”“I can think of a few.”“You can think of two. And you just told me that one of them’s dead.” Clint turned around and walked away. He’d had enough of this freak show, and more than enough of this conversation. “Good luck with your little project.”“I figured you for a lot of things, Barton,” Fury called after him. “Never figured you for a coward.”Clint flipped a middle finger over his shoulder and kept walking.They didn’t wear tags, not on the kind of missions Clint usually got. Those kinds of missions, getting killed meant getting caught, and getting caught meant S.H.I.E.L.D. got to look innocent and say they’d never heard of you. There would be no body, no identification, no one to collect the tags and send them home.Phil was always the one who gave him the briefing, for those kinds of missions. He would hand Clint the file, blank-faced and professional, and they would go over it, hash out the details, and come up with a plan of action. Then Clint would pull him in for a kiss, slow and long and fierce, like it was the first and the last and every one in between, and, finally, Clint would take off his tags and hand them to Phil, his name and purpose and everything he was left hanging from a chain beside Phil’s heart until the job was done.And the person that he became on those kinds of missions would come back, bone tired with blood on his hands, and Phil would put the tags around his neck so that he could be Clint again.He wore Phil’s tags in place of his own, and the flakes of old blood sloughed off and stuck to his skin. Maybe he could absorb them, take those last little fragments and make them part of his heart, part of his body.With his luck, he’d probably cut himself shaving and bleed them out.“You’re being ridiculous,” Natasha told him.It had been a week. He was in Buenos Aires, living off a cache and hustling tourists at pool. “I don’t.... I can’t begin to....” Natasha had never been good with feelings. She had them, she used them, she didn’t express them. The fact that she was trying now sent some warmth to the places inside him that had gone cold.“Don’t,”  he said. “Thank you, but don’t.”They drank until Clint could see nothing but red, the red of her hair and the blood on his hands and the red-black blood on Phil’s thin metal tags. “I’m done, ‘Tasha.” His mouth tasted like blood, but maybe that was the tequila. His skin was slick, but that must have been sweat. “I’m not coming back.”They drank, and they didn’t talk. When Clint woke up, rough and aching and squinting against the sun, she was gone. He curled in on himself in the narrow bed that was still somehow too big and didn’t move until the next day.After Buenos Aires, it was Osaka. Then Seoul. Then Taipei. Then Perth. Then some little town in Guangdong he could never remember the name of. He kept moving and Fury kept sending agents after them and he kept seeing them three countries away.Natasha could have found him again, but she didn’t.He holed up in Sofia and set himself to filling the wound gouged inside him with alcohol. He drank until he was overflowing, until he could 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Spoilers
Fix-It
Suicidal Thoughts
SHIELD Husbands
#coulsonlives
poor poor Clint
This is not being nice to Barton
and I'm sorry

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

