Chapter 1: Chapter I - Steve
    




Chapter Text

Chapter I - Steve
Steve wakes with a strangled sob, the icy wind still biting at his cheeks even as mountains and snow melt back into his bland but safe SHIELD issued apartment, Bucky’s terrified shout morphing into the shrill sound of Steve’s ringing phone.Rubbing a trembling hand through his sweat-soaked hair, Steve closes his eyes again and allows himself a moment to slowly count back from ten, steadying his breathing and calming his rapidly beating heart before he answers the call.
“It’s him again,” Natasha says without preamble, “be ready for pick-up in five.”
The line goes dead and Steve, after a quick glance at the blinking numbers on his alarm clock and the realisation that it has been less than three hours since he’d finally managed to fall asleep, groans but throws back the covers.He’s suited up, shield strapped securely to his back, and scrolling through the Intel Natasha has sent to his tablet when the quinjet touches down on the roof next to him, engines roaring loudly. Jogging toward the opening hangar bay, Steve makes a mental note to buy a nice bouquet of apology flowers for his landlady. Again.Clint mumbles a sleepy greeting as Steve sits down and buckles up opposite him, then goes back to checking his equipment and grumbling to himself about his interrupted beauty sleep and military people with their unnatural ability to be instantly awake and alert.“You’ve been an agent for how long?” Steve asks, mouth twitching up into a teasing smile at the sight of his grumpy friend. “Shouldn’t you be used to this by now?”Clint yawns and glares half-heartedly.“I’d wager he isn’t the only one having trouble sleeping lately,” Natasha observes, materialising seemingly out of nowhere and arching a pointed eyebrow at Steve, who stares back at her faux placidly, refusing to let on just how much her sudden appearing act still startles him every time, even after months of working together. “You doing okay there, Captain?”Steve squares his shoulders. “I’m fine,” he insists, stubbornly lifting his chin. “So, Iron Man. A lab facility in New Jersey this time?”It’s a rather pathetic attempt at deflection, but after another long, intense squint in Steve’s direction, Natasha pulls up the jet’s holo display and several pictures of a still smoking building. “His usual modus operandi,” she starts, pointing at a group of scientists and guards, tied up a little distance away from the ruin but looking mostly unharmed. “The people were evacuated prior to the attack, no casualties, as far as we can tell. The complex has been burned to the ground, but one of the engineers claims Iron Man took part of their research with him.”“Meaning we should probably expect another highly incriminating information dump soon,” Steve finishes through a sigh.Natasha nods. “Precisely. The owner seems to know it, too. He’s at the scene trying to prevent our first responders from entering the premises.”“Hammer’s an asshole,” Clint snorts and stretches, scratching at his stomach. “He’s been on SHIELD’s radar for ages, never could link him to any illegal activities, though. Maybe Iron Man’s had more luck than us.”“Wait, Hammer? Justin Hammer?” Steve wants to know, pursing his lips when Natasha answers in the affirmative. “He’s one of the most outspoken Iron Man opposers, and Hammer Industries holds most of the current military contracts. Could this be Iron Man attempting to shut down Stark Industries’ main competitor?”The idea of Iron Man straying, changing his ways to fight a private vendetta for his off-the-records-employer, sits uncomfortably with Steve. Officially speaking, Iron Man is on the villain index and to be brought into custody, with all the force necessary, but Steve and his team are reluctant to follow that standing order, even though they’re the ones most frequently facing the flashy vigilante.And whenever they do cross paths, Steve has a hard time remembering that Iron Man is supposed to be one of the bad guys. Sure, Steve isn’t a fan of Iron Man’s methods and he doesn’t like the property damage he leaves behind, but that doesn’t change anything about the fact that Iron Man is helping, that he’s doing a lot of good.Iron Man doesn’t kill and he doesn’t appear to have any other goal besides exposing people who are breaking the law and getting away with it. Steve can’t help but find that admirable.The only difference between Iron Man and the many superheroes running around New York these days, hell, the only difference between Iron Man and Steve is the SHIELD sanctioning and support.Which is, Steve suspects, exactly why SHIELD wants Iron Man captured; at the moment, he’s a loose cannon, but he has potential and Fury knows it. It’s less about getting Iron Man out of the way and more about gaining insight and control.Yes, maybe Steve does have a slight authority problem, and yes, maybe he is naive to trust a man behind a mask he’s known for less than half a year, but Steve knows the gov
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
(background)
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Identity Porn
Age Difference
Young Tony Stark
Getting Together
Developing Relationship
Secrets
Hurt
Insecure Tony Stark
Misunderstandings
Break Up
Getting Back Together
Feels
Eventual Comfort
Fluff
Explicit Sexual Content
Bottom Tony Stark
Loss of Virginity
Top Steve Rogers
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
(background)
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

