Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Odin, please. He is just a boy.”
“Who will be King one day, lest you forget!”
There’s the sound of chairs angrily scrapping across the stone floor, the odd hard stomp of a boot. Thor squeezes his eyes shut and leans back against the chamber door, its grain rough and cool against the back of his neck as he tries to listen. 
“He didn’t know any better. He’s too young. Surely, every boy does some such—”
“Not MY boy!” Odin roars. 
There’s a moment of restless silence.
“He brings shame on us, Frigga. That boy’s parents are going to talk and there will be hearsay. You know, as well as I, how deep a rumour can cut... Thor will be scarred with this.”
“Nothing has to come of it. I will speak directly to young Fandral’s parents. They are a good people and only brought this to light for the boys’ safety.”
Thor wants to run away, far away from here. His father’s words terrify him because he does not understand. But it is like he’s anchored down, tied to this spot. Belatedly he realizes his face is wet, from what he knows not. He doesn’t really understand what he’s done wrong, what has made his father so angry. All Thor knows is that one moment he was laughing, running through the golden palace halls, the sun still sticking to his back. His red cloak that waved through the air was warm and his gait so fast he was pretending to fly. 
The next moment, it was as if he’d slammed up against a wall of ice. Thor had entered the courtroom where Odin Allfather stood, stone-faced and seething. He commanded Thor return to his chambers without supper and Thor, a growing boy most definitely looking forward to the evening’s meal after a full day of play, wanted to know why. He’d stolen out of his rooms and pressed an ear to his parents’ door, hoping to learn just that.
What he hears though, is enough to make him sick to his stomach.
“Thor is a vain, greedy, cruel little boy. He has always been so! I expect no less from him for this. He will take liberties, Frigga. Take until he has brought shame on us, on me. Rest assured I will keep my eye on him.”
“Oh but you only have the one, dear.”
Food forgotten, Thor balls up fists and gasps, trying to be quiet. But nothing can drown out the hushed voices that buzz together, the one-word shouts. All he can hear now is the contempt that laces his father’s words together so tight and harsh, words that wrap around Thor’s neck and arms and legs until he is curled up into a small ball on the other side of the door. Lost, too young, a knot.
“We will teach him what is expected. He will learn—”
“No. Thor will unlearn what he has already cultivated. He is not a mere babe. He should know better than to lay a hand upon another male in the baths!—” There’s a crash that interrupts Odin’s rage. 
The crash comes again, louder this time. There’s a commotion to be heard just below in the courtyard. 
“HUWARGH!!” Odin bellows in dismay, most likely looking out his window. “What spectacle is this? The animals run amok below!”
“A snake in the stables, perhaps?” Frigga wonders. “I’ll fetch a guard.”
“Thor!” There’s an urgent whisper and Thor lifts his head from his arms, blinking and struggling to breathe through a stuffed runny nose.
And there is Loki, his little brother, eyes bright in the low light of the hallway. His hand is outstretched and Thor flinches when Loki touches his face, a tender thumb wiping at his cheek.
“Brother,” Thor sniffs and Loki shakes his head, puts an index finger to his lips. 
“Shhsh!”
Loki takes Thor’s hand, pulls him up. He tugs and tied by their fingers they’re running down the halls back to their sanctuary. Then they’re laying back against Thor’s bed, out of breath. It is like they’re speaking in pants of air until their hearts calm and the silence settles overtop them. 
Thor swipes at his face with the back of his hand but it feels sticky. He hates to let his brother see him this way, in such a mess. He curls in on himself, facing away from Loki, feels humiliated and stupid. He should have just listened to father, stayed in his room.
“I won’t tell if you don’t.” Loki mutters beside him, shifts, and Thor can feel his small elbow poking into his back.
“What did you do?” Thor grunts, sniffs loudly.
Loki just snickers, “Spooked Father’s horses.”
And Thor grips at the bed furs, thinking about what he’s done.
******
Thor trails along behind his father as they walk through the private gardens. The sun is bright and casts sharp long shadows across the vibrant green grass that reminds Thor of his brother’s eyes. He hangs back, walking in the near crown of Odin’s shadow, wary of how he has been called out alone, Loki nowhere in sight.
He huffs and shoves small hands into pockets.
This is not the way to the vaults. 
He remembers very clearly the previous weeks, when Odin had promised they could visit the treasure vaults on this special day. The anniversary of the day Odin placed the great hammer Mjölnir into his collection. Thor had been so excited, anticipating the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Community: norsekink
Sibling Incest
Sibling Love
Brothers
Jealousy
Homosexuality
Guilt
Pining
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unrequited Love
First Kiss
Coming Out

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

