Work Text:
Matthew Murdock is a terrible alpha.  Broken.  Damaged.  Flawed.  Weak.  Blind.He’s never stopped long to consider what his prospects might have been like if his father hadn’t….If he hadn’t lost his dad. Alpha education, to Matt’s understanding, has always been a mix of parental influence and a well researched societal primer taught to kids in school from when they first present until they graduate.  It’s designed to teach young, hormonally laden alphas to control their base instincts, learn the skills to attract and care for a mate, to be good providers.  At least, that’s what Matt has heard from the other young alphas in the orphanage.  Matt was never allowed to take those classes.  Why bother educating a blind, broken boy with no family about how to attract an Omega?  He had nothing to offer. Matt took the other classes.  The ones designed for the outliers who were specified as being “Not breeding material.”  He was a class of one.  For a long time it was just Matt and Stick.  Stick who taught him, “Connections make you weak.  Aren’t you weak enough already?” And, “This world isn’t going to give you anything Murdock.  The world takes.  It doesn’t give.  You have to bleed for what you want to keep.”  For a long time Matt believed him.  He buried the urges that told him to seek out affection.  The memories that reminded him that his father was an alpha, a strong one, but had always been kind.  Matt suffered through every training session that was really just an old man beating up on a little kid.  He practiced night and day to pass tests when he didn’t even really understand the material.  He failed.  He bled.  He got back up.  Matt was 13 when he had his first rut.  He spent five days locked in his room desperate for a release he couldn’t find.  Every noise echoing in his head until he thought his ears were bleeding, his skin feeling burned, blistered, overheated and agonizing against the cheap sheets, the rough floor.  His sense of smell so out of control that his own scent, reeking fear, arousal, and desperation made him gag over and over.  He cried, screamed, and finally prayed.  Matthew Murdock never told anyone that in the end he hadn’t prayed for strength or endurance in his role as a weapon for the Lord. He defied what he had been taught he was supposed to want, supposed to be.  He had prayed for comfort, for someone to cling to, for the love, peace, and safety of someone who would choose him.  Someone who would want him.  Someone for whom he could be enough.  Matthew Murdock had prayed silently for a mate and never uttered a word of it out loud.  Stick must have known anyway, somehow.  He was gone before they unlocked Matt’s room.  Matt spent a lot of time wondering what his prospects might have been like if Stick hadn’t left him behind.  He never really knew where that path was going.  Instead, he was dosed with legally required suppressants and given his inheritance at the age of 18.  The money didn’t make up for losing his dad.  But it gave him a place to start.  He could have gone anywhere and done anything. But the one alpha he had ever respected.  The one person in his life who had ever provided the love and safety he craved had wanted him to be smart, to study, to make something of himself.    So Matt went to college.  For his dad.  He was in charge of his own prospects now.  ********Franklin “Foggy” Nelson is a fantastic omega. Warm.  Caring.  A dedicated nurturer.   One day Foggy is going to make someone the best mate.  Well….that was the plan anyway.  Was.  Instead of his first heat Foggy got cancer at the age of 13.  Cancer...and not the “hey kid, that leg’s got to go so you can lead a full and happy life” kind either.  No.  Foggy got the long stay in the hospital, look all your hair fell out, wow that’s a really attractive PICC line, We should call your grandma because you’re dying and we don’t want to tell you kind.  Foggy kicked cancer’s ass.  Kicked it hard.  And don’t get him wrong, he was happy to be alive.  But then there was a lot of medical mumbo jumbo about chemicals induced into a young omega during early development and the removal of his ovary.  At 14 Foggy hadn’t really thought much of it.  It wasn’t like he planning for a brood any time soon and he was more than breeding stock.  After all, who wouldn’t want a Foggy?  His parents thought maintaining as normal a childhood as possible was important.  So Foggy went to his omega classes like all the others filled with a sense of excitement and looking forward to learning how to be a good mate.  Then high school happened and hormones came with it.  Foggy’s peers suddenly overwhelmed with attention from the young alphas in the their school.  People paired off.  Relationships got built.  Futures were being planned.  For everyone but Foggy.  It took until his junior year for one of the nurses aids to tip him off that he smelled funny.  Not funny haha.  To the best of his understanding Foggy smelled bland, uninteresting, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Matthew
Omega Foggy
Fluff
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

