Work Text:
It says something about Fury’s complete faith in Coulson when he assigns him as ‘handler’ of the newly formed Avengers team. That, or he secretly despises Coulson and wants him to retire early because this was not in his job description. Dealing with Tony Stark alone shouldn’t have been one of his duties. But somehow, someway, Coulson finds himself dragged into the Avengers Tower two weeks after his release from medical, given his own floor, and then told promptly that he is never to ask for a reassignment because, according to Fury, ‘I’m not dealing with this shit.’The team comes together like jigsaw pieces from six different puzzles, superglue waiting in the wings and frustrated hands mashing them together. Clint has commandeered the kitchen as his own personal domain, and if it wasn’t for Stark constantly upgrading his tech and giving random appliances sentience, Clint would be a happy Hawkeye. As it is, Coulson has to file a report as to why a blender was thrown out the top floor window and managed to rip half of Clint’s hair out before its subsequent demise.Natasha and Bruce get along surprisingly well, but not as well as Tony and Bruce. That mixture goes the opposite of what Coulson initially thought, Stark’s personality actually overpowering and calming the usually nervous Banner. But it’s the relationship between Stark and the Hulk that surprises most of the team. The first time Banner loses it, Tony just walks right up to him, pats him on the arm and says, “The sunset is awesome tonight, big guy, you’ll love it,” and leads the Hulk out onto the terrace. The team watches as Tony sits on the edge, the Hulk hunkering down behind him and the two actually watch the sun set. There was no rampage. There was no breaking of space. It was the calmest the Hulk has ever been.Natasha’s relationship with the team varies depending on the Avenger. With Clint, it usually devolves into him whining and trying to convince her that exploding cookie arrows are a good idea, Nat, don’t you see the possibilities? while she yanks him out of his nest in the kitchen. With Bruce, they can be found on the couch every Tuesday night, his head in her lap and her fingers on his temples, Natasha telling him stories in soft Russian. With Steve, they spar every Monday and Thursday, and Steve actually has to fight to get her down, is laughing by the end of it, brightness in his eyes and tremors along his arms. With Tony, though, Tony reacts to her like she’s about to steal his kidney at any second, and damned if she doesn’t try to steal both. He has a grudging respect for her and she him, but it’s shown through how many times he can cannibalize her straightener and how often she replaces his caffeine with decaf.And then there is Thor. He is everyone’s favourite. And it’s not just because the man can drink Tony Stark under the table, it’s because he actually is that alarmingly good. He is constantly baffled by Midgardian notions, believes the toasters inability to toast Poptarts with maximum efficiency a fault of his own, and calls everyone by their full first names no matter how many times Clint has to remind him that Clinton is not an acceptable spy name. He is Thor Odinson and really, no one should be surprised.There is a special file for Steve Rogers that Coulson refuses to talk about because no, he still hasn’t quite gotten over the fact that Nick Fury smeared his blood all over his prized collection of vintage trading cards. But in the other file, it states simply this: Steve Rogers is surprisingly normal for a supersoldier. He falls asleep on the couch and sometimes changes the channel on Thor when he’s playing Mario Kart, he argues with Tony whenever a new appliance defects to the side of the sentient toaster, he steals cookies when Clint makes them, and he swears like a sailor when he stubs his toe against the coffee table for the fifteenth time. He’s still Captain America when they go out on a mission, but he’s Steve when he returns, hiding Tony’s boozes and tucking Bruce into bed when he ends up falling asleep in his lab.Tony Stark? Well. He’s Tony Stark.The one thing Coulson has never quite understood is where he gained the title of Supernanny. The senior agents whisper it whenever the team is sent out, Coulson barking out orders into the headset and yanking away the new prototype arrows Tony slips Clint just before they board the Quinjet. The younger agents start muttering it when he watches Tony fall from the sky and yells for someone, anyone, to catch him, and Hulk grabs him light around the waist and Coulson breathes out a prayer because that had been far too close. Fury calls him it when Steve walks up to him and asks him why Tony’s ringtone is now ‘Call Me Maybe’ and he can’t change it back to ‘Back in Black’ because Tony put some stupid code around it that Steve hasn’t figured out how to hack yet.It doesn’t hit him until after they fight a villain by the incredibly cliché name of Chemistro, who douses the te
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Sickfic
Family

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

