Work Text:
The first time the team goes drinking, Tony knows that Steve can’t actually get drunk. He doesn’t know how to feel about this except for sad, because, if he hasn’t been able to slip into those old Stark Mansion parties and get completely plastered, the poor guy has probably missed out on a lot of crazy shit. Sobriety is overrated, honestly, but he doesn’t expect Steve to share that viewpoint. Which is why he’s confused when Steve staggers up to him at the bar, opens his mouth, and slurs, “Are you lost?” His first thought is this isn’t possible,  quickly followed by how does this pick-up line go again? He takes time to analyze the situation. After all—they don’t call him a genius for nothing, and when has a nice, mathematical approach ever failed him? Especially in a bar setting, goddamnit, he’s not even drunk and exciting things are happening.He looks Steve over. He's flushed—red-faced, tousle-haired, and completely out of breath. Something is definitely wrong.“Are you okay?” he asks. “Steve?”“Fine,” he mumbles, staring at Tony’s shoulder. “Bruce mixed a little something for me. Or maybe it was Thor. I don’t know.” The resolutely cheerful smile Tony associates with alcohol-induced happiness pops up over his face. “I’m drunk.”Tony raises an unsure eyebrow. “Really.”“Maybe,” he says, and places a hand on Tony’s thigh to steady himself. Really? How subtle. He should give Steve some pointers on flirting when he’s not totally blasted.“I want to show you something,” he says.“Show me something?” Tony raises his beer to his lips and takes a swig. “Sounds interesting." A pause. "Want some?” Steve nods and accepts the bottle, downing a gulp like it’s water. The light in his eyes brightens.“Upstairs,” he says, and Tony shrugs—what the hell is really all he’s thinking of, because, hey, he’s not drunk, and Steve might be, which is definitely a good combination. Also, there’s a good chance that Steve wants to get to first base—or at least an opportunity that he’ll allow it—and all of that is enough to cause Tony to sigh, get up from his barstool, and follow Steve up the stairs. He’s wearing a suit, goddamnit. Drunk Steve in a suit—tonight is actually going well.The hallway is empty, except for a few vending machines in the back. He cocks his head and turns back to Steve. “What exactly—”Steve’s kiss is an unexpected attack, hot and sloppy—neither of them know where it’s going, especially Steve. He pushes Tony up against the wall, running his hands over his clothes—under his clothes,  God, and before he knows what’s happening Steve’s tongue is writhing against his own and his hand has found a nice snug spot under the bulge in Tony’s pants.“Yeah,” Steve sighs, licking his way around Tony’s mouth. He does a thorough job, even though there’s no control, no precision—just hot heat and the taste of liquor—from whose mouth, he has no idea. All Tony cares about now is tongue scraping over his stubble as it veers off course and over his chin. “Help me with this—”Steve’s fingers stutter around Tony’s crotch, fumbling with the zipper, and Tony can barely swallow as he wrenches his eyes open and guides Steve’s shaking hands to the button.“Mm, thanks,” he murmurs, and sucks a spot below Tony’s jaw that definitely doesn’t—doesn’t,  Tony tells himself sharply—make him whimper. Open-mouthed kisses dissolve into tongue that’s everywhere but Tony’s mouth, teeth that bite little red marks that will smile at Tony in the mirror tomorrow—if this isn’t all a dream—and he tugs sharply at Tony’s pants. His jeans hit the ground in one movement.“Fuck,” Steve whispers, hot against Tony’s ear—he nibbles at his earlobe and his hands slide over his straining underwear—“you’re hard already.” He grinds against Tony, slick black suit against now-transparent white Y-fronts, as he reaches for the top button of his shirt. “Let’s take this off.”“Steve,” Tony growls. He’s right—he is embarrassingly stiff already, they haven’t even finished making out properly but he can feel his cock burning between his thighs—he tries to get some friction on Steve, off Steve, but he’s too busy popping the buttons off, impatient, one by one, until the shirt’s undone. He pushes it off his arms like he’s been waiting a long, long time.“Yes?” he asks, nipping along Tony’s collarbone while working his fingers around the front of Tony’s inner thigh. “What do you—” “God,”  Tony gasps, as Steve’s fingers brush the side of his cock. Steve’s eyes widen with something dangerously close to understanding.“Is this what you want?” he purrs, and—fuck—he wraps a hand around the shape of his dick, palming him through the fabric. Tony nods in a manner that he hopes is encouraging and not completely out of it. It seems to be working; Steve’s fingers trail up and down the sensitive stretch of skin like they have a plan. “Are you sure?”“Sure,” is all Tony can manage.“Really?” Steve’s mouth is in his ear again, licking inside. “Because I can do so much better.” And, in an effort to prove 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dirty Talk
Wall Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

