Work Text:
Clint’s head hurts.  It hurts so fucking bad that he wishes he was dead right now. Oh god, what did he do last night? His face is buried in something soft that smells like clean sheets after an all-night encounter with a sleeping body. They are maybe, possibly the most comfortable thing he has ever lain on. So it's a safe bet that last night didn't involve torture, copious bleeding, damage to his limbs (apart from his head, which is trying to split in half), or anything he would object to most strenuously when he got his wits about him.He rolls onto his back with a groan, throwing an arm over his face. The bed is wide enough to accommodate his best starfish impression, so he can't be in his quarters on the helicarrier. He must be... on a mission? Undercover? Damn it, why is his head so fuzzy? Why can't he remember? It's starting to freak him out a bit because amnesia is not something he normally experiences after he drinks enough to pass out -- not to mention that he doesn't smell like he guzzled down a case of whiskey last night. This smacks more of some non-consensual substance abuse. He's pretty sure someone drugged him last night, with unfavourable intent. Makes it all the more strange that he feels perfectly fine, apart from the hangover that is threatening to kill him. It feels uncomfortably like..."Fuck. Did someone roofie me last night?" he grunts, voice thick with gravel. He's so thirsty he wants to cry. Yep. That’s Rohypnol all right. Blood running cold, he checks himself. He doesn't feel sore in places he shouldn't, and his skin feels tight over his muscles in a way that bears no resemblance to the relaxation after getting laid, remembered or not. All right, so he appears to have dodged a bullet.Now to find out how, and why.The door to his room opens, and Clint's eyes follow swiftly, aching with the light. He forces his body to move, drops off the other side of the bed as quietly as he can, and peers under it, getting ready to spring. He feels light-headed with relief when he sees the man's shoes, shined to within an inch of their lives, and the way the pants of the suit the man is wearing fit perfectly over the tops of them, and the measured tread of the man's step.Clint pushes himself clumsily off the floor, bracing his arms on top of the bed, and looks up at Coulson's concerned face. Coulson's holding two huge cups of coffee, which makes Clint want to moan with gratitude. He puts them on the table in the middle of the good-sized room, but comes no closer to the bed, hands held carefully still at his sides. Clint recognises Coulson's peculiarly considerate way of settling his assets,  especially when they act like skittish animals. Considering Clint's scant deductions about last night, the small kindness makes him want to whimper pathetically. It's not an uncommon occasion as such; Clint has long since come to terms with the way Agent Phil Coulson makes him feel. His efforts these days run less towards denying it and more towards performing damage control.Clint looks down at his hands, turning them to push himself off the hard floor --and freezes. This second shock feels much more violent than the initial one of him waking up without a solid memory in his head of how he got to bed. There's a ring on his left hand, a thin gold band wrapping around his ring finger like a vice, marking him in a way that makes him break out in cold sweat. His head jerks to Coulson's hands, and yes, there's a matching band glinting in the late morning light. His blood turns to lead in his veins. What had he done last night?"Explain," he snaps, too unsettled for pleasantries.Coulson sighs and comes closer to the bed, still holding himself completely open and reassuring."How much do you remember?" he asks calmly. The sound of his voice unclenches something in Clint's gut, helps him find his feet and push up to sit across from him."Not a damn thing, except for how I appear to have been drugged."Coulson nods, sparse, measured movements. "We are in Las Vegas, on a reconnaissance assignment, suspected black market involvement tying in to one of Hammer Industries' execs. As the Avenger with the least exposure to the public, you got the gig. You were to infiltrate the guest circle around Tradewell, get an invitation to a private party where Intel suggests a deal is likely to go down. About three hours into the op, you were compromised. Someone thought they recognised you, not as an Avenger but as an agent. One of Tradewell's bodyguards slipped Rohypnol into your drink. They were about to take you in for interrogation. I had to act fast."Clint considers all this. "So, what? You happened to have a pair of wedding rings on you, just in case?" he says, ignoring the sharp twist in his chest at the implications. It's not true. None of this is real. It's just Coulson, always prepared, a contingency plan or five tucked under the perfectly-turned-out cuff of his shirt.Coulson shrugs, but there's a hint of pink in his cheek
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
hint of Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Kink/Cliche Challenge
Fake/Pretend Relationship
pretending to be a couple
Woke Up Married
Inebriated confessions
Undercover operation
Military Kink
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Rohypnol use
Pining
Angst
Get Together
Romance
Suit Porn
Tony is a bro
Las Vegas
vegas baby
Clint loves his agent
pushy bottom!Phil

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
hint of Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Phil Coulson

