Work Text:
“Bruce?” Bruce looks up from his sandwich (peanut butter and Frito Lays on white bread, because Clint claims to be trying to educate his palate by way of circus delicacies) and turns to his boyfriend, who’s lounging against very expensive lab equipment like a displaced James Dean. “Yes?” “Do I…if you could change one thing about me, what would it be?” Bruce gives Clint a long once-over. Clint cocks his hip and shoots him finger guns. “I’d revoke your kitchen access,” Bruce decides.“Whatever, you love when I cook for you, don’t front.”“This doesn’t count as cooking—”“Yeah, yeah. Tell it to the judge.” Clint comes over and kisses him, licking a bit of peanut butter from Bruce’s lips, and spends the rest of Bruce’s lunch break on his knees underneath the lab table. *The weird thing is, Clint seems to take his words to heart. For a while, breakfast becomes Kashi cereal and croissants from a café down the street that Clint’s apparently in love with. (“Have you ever had espresso? For some reason, I’ve never had espresso before. I looooove espresso.”) Despite Bruce’s concern over Clint’s burgeoning caffeine addiction, he has to admit to enjoying the benefits of his culinary maturation. After about two weeks of bought breakfast, it becomes homemade omelets, and French toast, and crepes. Lunch goes through the same transition once Clint has breakfast under control. For a few weeks, it’s prepackaged food or take-out, but then Clint starts dragging him out of the lab to feed him pasta with vegetables, fresh fruit, homemade iced tea. It seems like—like Clint is learning how to cook. Because of Bruce. For Bruce. Every time Bruce tries to bring it up, Clint just talks over him, bragging about his burgeoning culinary skills. “JARVIS is jealous,” Clint says. “I could teach him, but I’d have to charge.” Clint hums the milkshake song and sits cross-legged on Bruce’s desk the rest of the afternoon. *After the third weekend where Clint stays in the mansion without complaining, not trying to drag Bruce to a rave or a comic book convention or a children’s museum two counties over, Bruce starts to worry. “Are you sick?” he asks. Clint frowns at him. “Because I want to watch Casablanca? I like classics. I have layers. I’m like an onion.”“You’re quoting Shrek.”“Doesn’t make it less true.”“And you don’t even like onions.”“I do if they’re caramelized. Which, let me tell you, takes way more than five minutes; the cookbooks lie to you.”Bruce scooches over on the couch until he’s got Clint trapped in the corner. Clint looks half-nervous, half-turned on, eyes flicking first to the exits and then to Bruce’s crotch. “I’ve been meaning to ask about the cooking,” Bruce says.“You don’t like it?” He can see Clint’s throat move when he swallows. “I love it.” Bruce forgets to eat more often than he remembers. Time in the lab slips by him, the way Clint says it can happen for him when he’s on a mission. Bruce can’t be with Clint in a sniper’s nest, but Clint doesn’t seem to mind taking care of Bruce all the same. “Then…what’s the problem?”“I just want to know why.” “Why what?”“Why are you cooking for me?” Clint breaks eye contact and shrugs. It’s about as big a tell as Clint’s ever let him see. “I like you,” Clint says. “Good. I like you too.” “And I want you to—you know. I want you to be happy. With me.” He leans forward and bites Clint’s throat, right under the corner of his jaw. Clint gasps and then laughs. “So—no Casablanca?” “I’d like you even if you didn’t make me food,” Bruce says, like he’s explaining gravity to a very slow child. “I know,” Clint says. “You’re really…” He shrugs again and leans forward to kiss Bruce. Bruce moves the bowl of popcorn out of the way and settles between Clint’s legs, scraping his fingernails through Clint’s stubble the way Clint likes. “You’re a confusing man,” Bruce murmurs. Clint laughs, even though really, it’s not very funny.*Clint apologizes for his nightmares, which is maybe Bruce’s least favorite thing about him. That’s what he would change, he realizes, as Clint slips out the door with his bow in hand, murmuring Sorry as the door closes behind him. Clint wakes them both up, thrashing in the sheets, choking out words in languages Bruce doesn’t understand—and then he leaves. He follows Clint down to the shooting range one time and watches him through the window in the door. Clint fires every arrow in his quiver, collects them, and then does it all over again. Bruce doesn’t know if he should interrupt, doesn’t know what he would say, doesn’t know how to handle this violent side of Clint that the other man usually hides so well. Bruce is used to going between two extremes, rage and calm. Clint makes him wish he were better at the in between. Steve stumbles upon him in the corridor when Clint’s just started his third time through his ammunition. Steve takes stock of the situation and sends Bruce on his way, promising to make sure Clint stops before he does himself any more harm. *“I don’t get it,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Nerf Bows and Arrows
Developing Relationship
Cooking
Insecurity
Karaoke
Friendship

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

