Work Text:
Note one: 


“It’s MKE,” Tony said. “Squiggle, something-something, ‘MKE, whale cunt’.”
“I’m pretty sure that’s not what it says,” Natasha replied. 
“What else could it be? Captain, any clues at the scene?”
Steve frowned at the note. “I found it taped to my jacket.”
“Well,” Natasha said, leaning closer and squinting, “we can probably assume that the squiggle up the top reads ‘Steve’.”
“It does not,’ Tony retorted. “Look, there’s clearly a ‘p’ in there.” He paused, tilting his head to one side. “Or maybe it’s a really ambitious ‘b’.”
“I don’t think you have the last part right,” Steve said as Tony turned the sheet of note paper at right angles.
“The only other thing I can suggest for that one is ‘uhale’-something,” Natasha said. 
“Does it fit?” Steve asked. “What does ‘uhale’ mean?”
“It’s Nepalese for ‘lady’.”
The three stared at the note and tried to place the new word in context, Tony making a long humming noise as he did. “Nope,” he finally declared, “I still got nothing. Hey, Coulson, you’re the secret agent man-”
“That’s not even close to what I-” Coulson started, though he gave up when Tony grabbed him by the shoulder and hauled him over. 
“We’re trying to figure out these hieroglyphics,” Natasha said, handing the note over.
Coulson barely glanced at it. “‘Steve, please get milk while out’,” he read. “Now I really need to-”
“How did you get that?” Tony asked, snatching the note from Natasha. “How did you get any of those words from this? It looks like Hindi or something.”
“That’s not what Hindi looks like,” Natasha said mildly, but Tony had already moved on.
“Who does this? Who writes like this? I have eaten noodles, thrown up, and come out with things that look more like words.”
“That would be Agent Barton,” Coulson said mildly, removing Tony’s hand from his shoulder. “Now I really should-”
“Clint? How does he write like this? Is he blind?”
Any further tirades were cut off by Bruce gently pulling the note away and folding it up into a smaller and smaller square, before finally crushing the paper in his thankfully-still-human-sized fist. “Who,” he said with deliberate, tightly-controlled calm, “drank the last of the milk?”
Right, Tony remembered with that kind of absent clarity that haunted him in his most ‘oh shit’ moments. Tony may have dipped into Bruce’s highly specific milk stash that morning for his coffee. Tony may have forgotten to replenish said milk stash.
Coulson had used the distraction to continue on his journey, leaving the three to cope with Bruce’s mild irritation at being deprived of his morning cereal. Apparently when you spend years of your life running from the government through countries characterised by a distinct lack of sterilisation and consistency in their dairy products, you became very attached to pasteurised and homogenised milk. 
“You know,” Steve said, pulling his leather jacket on. “I was just heading out to grab some more.”
“I have science to be doing,” Tony chimed it, peeling away from the group. “Milk-perpetuation science. It’s revolutionary, I swear.”
That left Natasha and Bruce, standing nearly nose-to-nose. “I have some soy milk?” Natasha offered in a cool, unaffected tone that was only slightly out of character with the way she turned and hurried after Tony. She’d heard Bruce’s feelings on soy milk before, and wasn’t willing to risk a repeat performance.
 
Note two: 


“So, I’m pretty sure this word is ‘Pepper’,” Steve said, walking into Tony’s lab with another note in his hand, “but the rest of this is beyond me.”
“I’m sure a lot of things are beyond you,” Tony replied automatically.
“I think this word might be ‘buusk’, but I’m not convinced that’s actually a word.”
Tony lowered the fuel cell he was tinkering. “I am right now trying to convince molecules to release energy in new and interesting ways. One wrong move and this whole floor goes. Why are you wasting my time with more scribbles from our favourite elf?”
“Because this note was under your Iron Man coffee mug, so I’m assuming it’s for you.”
Tony snatched the note out of Steve’s hands and stared at it. When that failed to communicate anything to him, he tried looking at the back of the note for some kind of translation key. “You have got to be kidding me,” he finally said.
“I think that’s ‘her’,” Steve added helpfully, looking at the note over Tony’s shoulder.
“But what? What ‘her’? Is that ‘lum’?”
“It could be ‘will’.”
“‘Will her bwjk’,” Tony tried, the third word sounding an awful lot like the one time Steve had heard Jarvis’ vocal algorithms crash.
Steve squinted at the note, hoping that the softer focus would let the image of the words jump out at him. “‘Call’!” he exclaimed. “Pepper wants you to call her back.”
“Right! Yes! She’s overseas. She is definitely... in some country that isn’t here.”
Steve looked doubtfully at the scribbles under the small section they had translated. “So that means...”
“... that’s the number of her hotel.” The pair of them stared hopelessly at the string of ink on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
everyone knows
Pepper and Phil are scarily competent BFFs
Post-Movie
phil isn't dead
art included
coarse language warning
handwriting broccoli test
#coulsonlives

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Pepper Potts

