Work Text:
"We should go to Vegas," Tony said. Several of the other Avengers looked dubiously at him; Thor exchanged a glance with Steve Rogers, who seemed as uncertain as he of the reference. "Come on, guys." Stark waved at them both. "They've never been!" "What is this Vegas?" Thor asked. "It's great," Tony said. "It's like Disneyland for grownups." This was not much more information, but he continued, "We'll hop on the jet, be there by dinnertime, have some drinks, hit the gambling tables—" "Maybe I'll pass," Steve Rogers said, but Thor brightened. "Ah!" he said. "You wish to go carousing!" Tony pointed at him. "Carousing. That is the word. Don't be a party-pooper, Cap. A little carouse would be good for you. Help finish up the defrosting." "I had wondered what more you did for entertainment here," Thor said. He clapped Steve upon the shoulder. "You should come indeed! It is not good that warriors should sit endlessly idle before this television of yours: it has some little interest, but there is no meat to it, no true juice to savor." "There you go, the god agrees with me," Tony said. "You'll love Vegas, Thor. You'll fit right in. The last time I was there I ended up in a Maserati in a swimming pool with six supermodels and a tiger shark. It's your kind of town.""The last time I was in Vegas I ended up jumping out a thirty-story window with a box of fireworks strapped to my back," Clint Barton said, in tones of reminiscence."The last time I was in Vegas I killed three people," Natasha said. "It sounds a fine place indeed," Thor said, pleased, in the silence which followed. "Jarvis, dial up the jet," Tony said. "You do a lot of carousing back on Asgard, Thor?" "Verily," Thor said. "Less in late years, as my father has laid duty more heavily upon my shoulders, but—" he felt a wistful pang, "—oft in my younger days did Loki and I venture forth together and bait Fortune in wilder realms." "Funny," Tony said. "Loki didn't strike me as all that much of a party animal."Thor laughed, though a little sadly. "Had you but known my brother in happier days," he said, "you would not say so: he was the liveliest of companions." He saw the doubt upon their faces. "I speak but the truth. Here: shall I tell you a tale of our adventures together?" "Oh, this I've got to hear," Tony Stark said. "Anybody else want a beer?" "As oft was the case," Thor began, when all their glasses had been filled, "our carouse began in the gaming-hells of northern Muspelheim, abode of giants and demons: six days and nights already had we made merry, and I rose that morn flush with victory, having ended the last night with a thousandweight of golden necklaces, the which I took in rune-throwing from a storm giant king of those uncouth parts, named Thrym."  #Scarce had I refreshed myself with a cask of ale and a roasted fowl when Thrym sought me out at our hostelry, seeking to have his own back again, and offering a great treasure of nibellin for his stake. Sure that Fortune favored me, I agreed, and at first my side of the table grew heavy; but then fickle luck turned elsewhere, and little by little I saw Thrym gather in the treasure, until I had lost not only my winnings, but all that remained in my purse. As my stake dwindled, Loki whispered urgent counsel to withdraw in my ear, which I foolishly paid no heed while Thrym smirked and taunted me from the other side of the table, and the drink came swift and sweet. And then at last all was lost: my pockets were empty, and my head spinning with mead. Thrym bellowed forth his laugh and said, "Well, little princeling, it seems I am the winner in the end, if you have nothing more to wager: a pity Odin keeps you on so short a leash." Loki saw the fury in my eyes and caught my arm: but in wrath and folly I shook him off, and laying Mjolnir itself upon the table, I demanded from Thrym one final throw, all against all. Full willing, Thrym caught up the cup and threw; then it came to me, but as I hurled forth the dice, horror gripped me as I bethought myself suddenly of what I had done; even before they landed, showing nothing but three and six, I knew doom was upon me. Piteous indeed was my state as I saw Mjolnir taken up by the giant's hand, and carried away from the table where I numbly sat until Loki dragged me back to our chambers. There my wits began too late to return: and I seized upon him with both hands and demanded that he help save me from my folly.Loki tried at first to refuse me: there was no possible way to get Mjolnir back from the fastness of Thrym's citadel, not without a great war-party to fight their way into the treasure-house, and only our father could unleash such a raid. Or so he protested, but I knew well if Odin learned how cavalierly I had treated the great weapon he had bestowed upon me, he would take Mjolnir from me more finally than ever Thrym could do, and I could not bear to be so disarmed and shamed both. I flung myself on my brother's mercy and swore I would never again d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor/Thrym

freeform: 
Crack
Consent Issues
Crossdressing
Genderswap
hypothetical mpreg
nonconsensual storytelling
Forced Marriage

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor/Thrym

