Chapter 1



Notes:
The Butcher's Mass, Mick Ballou and Grogan's are the creations of Lawrence Block, whose detective Matt Scudder was based in Hell's Kitchen for much of that wonderful series of novels. I borrow them here with love and in homage to the man whose books inspired me to dare to write.




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 Matt Murdock isn't surprised to find Peter Parker waiting for him on the rooftop of his apartment building a little over seven hours after the news breaks about SHIELD being infiltrated by HYDRA.  After all, it's not the first time he's come home after a night of fighting crime as Daredevil to find Spider-man waiting for him, though it doesn't happen often and usually only when Peter comes seeking advice.  Unlike most fifteen year old boys, Peter doesn't want advice about girls or school.  Peter comes to Matt for advice about fighting adversaries who can turn their bodies to sand or mother-and-daughter teams who combine their powers to cause explosions.  The truth is, Matt often doesn't know what to say about some of the problems Peter brings to him.  Mostly, he listens, the way Father Lantom listens to Matt talk about the things he does as Daredevil or the work he does in his legal practice.  Occasionally, Matt talks to Father Lantom about Peter and together, they pray for him.  Not by name, of course.  Never by name.  Secret identities are as sacred as what's discussed in the confessional."I had a feeling you might show up," Matt greets Peter.  "Foggy and I started reviewing the leaked documents --""And they all call me 'the minor'.  Fury made sure my identity wasn't on record, but now the whole world knows I'm not exactly Spider-man."  He says the last word with extra sarcastic emphasis.  "That's gonna suck.  There wasn't much on you though, from what I could tell."Matt knows and has already promised himself he will give an extra tithe to the Church because of it.  "We should be celebrating then.  I think I might have some hot chocolate mix --""Matt."  There's a choked note of fear in Peter's voice.  "It's not just the data that leaked.  The Triskelion's been compromised.  There are people locked up in there -- that I put there --  who hate me.  Or maybe they're not in there because that Helicarrier thing crashed and the place is on fire and...ugh, I don't know and that's what's worrying me."And there it is.  The problem Peter came to talk about.  "These people you say hate you...  I'm assuming that would be Norman Osborn and that Octavius person, correct?""Yeah," Peter says softly.  "Those two are the most dangerous because they know who I am, where I live, about my aunt a-and...Osborn knows about Mary Jane."Not a lie but not the whole truth, either.  "What does he know about Mary Jane?""Huh?  No!  God, no!  It wasn't like that.  H-he --"  Peter goes silent and his heart is racing.  Matt knows Steve has tried a few times to get the full story about Osborn out of Peter and he's been unsuccessful.  Unlike Steve, Matt doesn't pry.  If Peter wants to tell the story, he will and in his own time, the same way Matt goes to Confession when he has the need to talk.  Still, Matt's clammed up in Confession and Father Lantom, bless him, has a trick that works every time.  "It's all right, Peter.  We don't have to talk about it.""He tried to kill her."Sweet Christ.  Now he knows how Father Lantom feels when Matt shares details about being Daredevil.  Matt stifles the 'what' and instead waits patiently for Peter to decide whether to go on or not."Matt, I-I don't want to talk about it, if that's okay.""That's fine."  It isn't but then again, Matt isn't sure he could handle hearing the full details anyway.  Instead, he changes the subject.  "Who else do we need to worry about?""Remember that guy who could turn himself into a sandstorm?"Matt curses under his breath and he knows Peter can hear him because they've been practicing with Peter's enhanced senses.  "Who else?""Electro, Kraven and I think also that Vulture guy I nabbed the other week.  He was just wearing some kind of suit with wings, no powers or anything but SHIELD took him and Agent Carter wouldn't tell me why."   Peter blows out a sigh. "Am I being paranoid if I think all these nutjobs escaped and decided to partner up to come after me?""I'd say you're being realistic," Matt tells him, "but then, I've been accused of being paranoid myself.   Peter, did you try contacting Steve or talking to Tony or Clint to find out if these men actually did escape?""I asked JARVIS.  He said the data was incomplete and his sources were down."Matt curses again and doesn't bother doing it softly this time.  "Also," Peter continues, "Steve's in DC with Natasha in the middle of that mess.  You know Fury's had him based down there for the past month, so...uh...whatever.  And Clint?  Man, the guy's career SHIELD.  He's got bigger issues than dealing with my stupid problems ...And, um, I guess I just felt more comfortable coming to you instead of Tony."  Peter 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Earth 1610
The Sinister Six - Freeform
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Hints of Civil War

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

