Work Text:
 

It won’t do
To dream of caramel
To think of cinnamon
And long for you
By pretty much any yardstick you might choose, the measurable progress in Bucky Barnes since he came back with Steve Rogers was huge. The dead-eyed, trip-wired assassin is, for the most part, gone, replaced by a loose-limbed, sweet, quiet guy who mostly likes to chill with his new friends. Clint Barton isn’t entirely sure why he’s at the top of said friends list, but Barnes seems to like hanging out with him, either at Avengers Tower or Clint’s place in Brooklyn, despite the creeping hipsterism in what were his old stomping grounds. Even the idiot dudes with their bespoke artisanal beards and the chicks with their insipid baggy knit caps and vintage frocks don’t seem to bother him much, whereas Clint mostly wants to shoot them with exploding arrows. The only comment Bucky’s ever made about the changes to his neighborhood was, “What the fuck is with all the cupcakes and the tattoos?”Cap stuck with his friend when he was at his stabbiest, and all of them have helped, too, but it’s mostly on Barnes, on the fact that he’s an amazingly resilient guy who’s come out the other side of a pretty spectacular hell to be a good bro. Quiet and weird, sometimes, almost disturbingly so, but still a pretty good guy. So, yeah, they’ve gotten to know each other, and they hang out or do things, and it’s cool. Clint likes it.But none of that explains why right now Clint’s pants are literally on fire and Barnes is pitching an entire five-pound bag of pastry flour straight at Clint’s crotch with his metal arm. Carmina Burana plays ominously in his head as he holds his hands up to try to stop Barnes in the wind-up.“JARVIS, fire suppression now!” Clint shouts, just as the bag of flour explodes against his junk. The fire briefly flares up before it’s hit with magenta foam coming from panels in the ceiling and underneath the countertop.He’s covered in flour and foam and pain slowly marches through his groin like some tiny little army in hobnailed boots, while Bucky stands there staring at him in horror and confusion. “I thought...” Bucky says, his eyes as big and round as silver dollars.“Kitchen fires, man,” Clint tries to explain through gasping breaths. “Sometimes flour can make it worse, not put it out.” He flicks some of the foam off and collapses on the floor. He’s really rethinking this whole cooking with Bucky thing now. Clint moans.AW, TESTICLES. ~~~~What did explain why Clint’s pants had caught fire was, in retrospect, the kind of thing that really only happens to him, at least if you believe Kate Bishop. And probably Bobbi. Maybe Natasha, too. But it starts innocently enough, really--Bucky is still kind of getting comfortable with the tower, and the two of them do have a lot in common, what with the whole marksmanship thing and working in shadows and palling around with Avengers even when there aren’t threats to the world. Barnes doesn’t have an Avengers ID, but he’s pretty much an honorary member now and he shows up for duty with Steve when he’s needed.Still, he’s got a lot of downtime, and when Clint’s got downtime too they get together, go to the range or work out or play video games or catch up on media. Clint’s still pretty old school himself, so he doesn’t mind Barnes using his self-education process to bring Clint up to speed as well. Stark keeps offering to update all Clint’s media equipment, but he doesn’t see the point; when they need to watch a movie in hi-def or play video games they just head to the communal floor in the tower. Even though he doesn’t live there, he could if he wanted to; he’s got a floor and access to everything in the building.The food’s better at the tower, too, because Steve and Bucky order in or go out nearly every day, and some of the others have private chefs (well, Stark does, Clint’s never bothered to check with anyone else). The only thing Cap and Bucky seem to make for themselves is breakfast; everything else comes from the nearby deli or whatever restaurant they’re in the mood for. Barnes says Steve could cook just fine if he were so inclined, but he refuses to, like this is one of those things about modern life and having lots of money and free time he’s going to mine for all it’s worth because it’s Not The Damn Depression or The War anymore and he doesn’t fucking have to if he doesn’t fucking want to. Clint can identify with that.And if he times it right, he can almost always get free sandwiches and free dinners, because they almost always invite him to eat with them. One night after dinner Steve had to go out to a public gala or something, the kind of thing that struck terror in the hearts of both him and Bucky, and they’d been clearing the table when Clint had turned around to see Bucky leaning against the doorway, his arms crossed over his chest, his face that frowny-sad, Café Grumpy logo face he got from time to time--Clint had bought Bucky both a t-shirt and a mug, because how could he not?--sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Cooking
Longing
Big Eden (movie)
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Food as a Metaphor for Love
Team Moron
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

