Work Text:
"I don't know. Did you see the papers I left with Pep? I know you hate papers, that's why I gave them to her."Rico's head shot up and he spun on his chair so quickly he had to catch himself on the desk to keep from falling off. "We're not calling it Tony's. How about Phil's? Nick's?" He knew that voice. He knew that voice like he knew his mother's voice. Was she here? No, way. Without calling him? Well, yes, okay, she would do that. "I was joking, geez, dad. Clint suggested the Bolt Hole and then he laughed for like fifteen minutes."Her voice was getting closer, but there was the low murmur of another voice he couldn't quite make out. Oh God, she didn't bring Tony, too, did she? Rico stood up and quickly tried to smooth his hair and then grimaced at the popcorn crumbs on his shirt. Brushing them away he straightened himself up and bit his lip."Clint is totally a moron. 'Kay, look, I'm here. Well, if he turns me down, you'll still have your chance. I'll talk to you tomorrow, let you know how it went. "There were four other students in the computer lab, each craning his or her head around their own monitors, curious about the voice probably, but more curious about why Rico was standing in the middle of the room like an idiot. He turned back to his workstation and grabbed the back of his chair. He thought about sitting back down, trying to look casual, like he was just so in the zone with his work he never heard her approach. But, it was too late. She was there in the doorway, grinning at him, while he stood vacillating stupidly.  "Rico!" Darcy called with glee. "My buddy, my pal, mi amigo, my second favorite brother from another mother!" Rico forgot his awkwardness in the swirling, wild appearance of his oldest friend and frowned. "Who's your first favorite brother from another mother?""Jarvis. But," she looked thoughtful and wrinkled her nose. "I guess he doesn't really have a mother, so, never mind." She spread her arms wide and announced again, "Rico! My absolute favorite brother from another mother!"Dropping his head, he laughed and held his own arms out for a hug. She stepped into him for a rib-cracking embrace. He winced; she'd somehow got hella strong. "DL, it's awesome to see you.""I have missed the hell out of your face, Rico." Pulling back he grinned down at her and put his hands on her shoulders, standing her back from him and eyeing her. "You look thin. Are you too thin?""I'm fine, mama Perez." She gave him a light shove on the shoulder then looked around the lab with a smile. "Stanford man. Look at you, all awesome and whatnot. Dad's been super proud.""Oh, uh," Rico shifted on his feet and ran a hand through his hair. "He's not here is he?" He asked in a low whisper."No, you're safe. For now," she told him in tone laced with amused warning. "Hey, so, do you have a few? I know I'm all interrupting you, and I'd apologize but I kind of need to talk to you."He probably only knew a tenth of what she'd been through lately, but that tenth he did know was awful enough. Kidnappings, killer robots, and who the hell knew what else. He hadn't seen her since the Spring, after she escaped Hydra, and he'd been the one to go to her. So what was bad enough that it could bring her all the way back to California just to have a chat? His stomach tightened with nervous worry. "You could have called. Is everything okay?""Yeah, yeah, everything's fine." She waved off his concern and pulled him into another hug, half whispering, "This is an in-person conversation. And there's somebody I want you to meet.""Sure, I have time. I was just messing around." He waved a hand back towards his workstation. "I've only been back like a week.""Hm, yeah." She nodded and snaked her arm around his waist, drawing him towards the door. "Wait, let me save. Hold on." He dashed back to his computer, saved his work to the server and shut down everything. Neil looked at him, eyebrows raised and murmured, "Good catch, man.""She's been my bff since third grade, she's like a sister to me. Don't be gross," Rico hissed back with a glare. "Oh, that's Darcy?" Neil looked over at where Darcy stood leaning against the door, phone in her hand, scrolling through something. Darcy tended to take on mythic proportions with his school friends. He didn't mean to do it, but he talked about her often enough, and then he'd get funny emails from her or irritating ones and he'd share those, or the care packages, or random visits where she blew in like a hurricane and blew out again just as quickly. This was the first time she'd come to see him at Stanford, however. "She doesn't look that scary.""She's not scary." Rico shook his head and stood up again, giving Neil a toothy grin, "Mostly." Darcy straightened from her slouch as he walked back over. "So, who do you want me to meet?" He asked, then dropped his voice lower, "It's not the Black Widow is it?" He was half hoping she'd say yes, half hoping she'd say no. Oh life, so complicated. She laughed. "Fun
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

