Work Text:
The first time it happens, Erik isn’t really sure what’s going on. All he knows is that he wakes up with his heart pounding, his shirt damp with sweat, and a terrible pit in his stomach that he usually associates with Shaw. It takes several moments for him to calm down, to slow his rapid breaths and control the trembling in his hands. His mind is spinning with a fear and dread he hasn’t felt in years.Across the room, Charles slumbers peacefully on in his own bed, his back to Erik, his head buried deep into his pillow. The covers are drawn neatly up around his shoulders, and his body is neatly parallel with the edge of the bed—everything so neat. Erik doesn’t think Charles is even capable of anything less than perfect order. What a life it must be, he thinks, not even bothering to deny his envy. What it must be like to grow up a regular child, to go to school, to be able to sleep so serenely, not plagued by the nightmares that consume Erik every time he closes his eyes. For that moment, while Charles’s mind is blanketed with sleep, he lets these jealous thoughts run free, lets the distraction of them chase away the remnants of his racing pulse and shaking fingers. Eventually, he settles enough to sift through the chaos in his head, trying to make sense of what just happened. A nightmare—that’s clear enough. Erik’s had dozens of them over the years, but he’s been getting better at managing them. These days, he can wake up with just the barest sense of unease, and it usually takes him seconds to refocus on reality (he’s here, he’s strong now, and there is no Shaw). But tonight—tonight is different. He doesn’t know how it is, but it’s been minutes now and it’s still a little hard to breathe, like little shards of ice are closing up his throat so that each breath is painful. What the hell was that? Steeling himself, he gropes through the darkness of his groggy mind, searching for the nightmare. It makes no sense—he should be running from the damn dream—but he’s always been this way, always fighting when he should flee, always pushing when he should quit. So he sits there on the narrow hotel bed and pulls the hazy sleepiness back. First, there’s the fear. It’s sharp and rampant, just what he’d expect from the boy he’d been. He locks down the feeling ruthlessly and moves on, reaching for details. A flash of hands—hands on him, touching him, but it’s not painful, not yet. Then a vague sense of shame, then bare skin in the darkness, then—Nothing. He sighs. That feels like one of those sharp memories of steel tables, razor-thin scalpels, and Shaw’s cold smile. Just another one of those then. He scrubs a hand over his face and eases back under the covers. He must be more tired than he’d thought if those familiar images are making him react like this even now. It’s a good thing Charles insisted that they take a hotel for the night instead of pressing on; though finding the mutants and recruiting them isn’t so strenuous, the hundred-mile drives across the country are taking their toll. Taking a deep breath, he closes his eyes again and lets consciousness fall away. *In the morning, Charles asks cheerfully, “How did you sleep?”Erik heads for the bathroom door and concentrates on nothing at all, just in case the telepath is prying. “Fine.” *Three nights later, he wakes up with a shout strangled in his throat. Disoriented and still half-asleep, he fights against the blankets that tangle around his legs like ghosts of the restraints that held him to the steel tables that Shaw liked so much. He thrashes blindly for a second before he loses his balance and topples from the bed, hitting the ground hard. The impact knocks him into full awareness, and he stops struggling, wondering what the hell is happening to him. His pulse is thundering through his ears, his throat hurts from the memory of a scream, and he aches in places he doesn’t remember hurting before. For a  long moment, he lies perfectly still on the cold ground, fighting to clear his mind, fighting to breathe. These nightmares again. He’d thought he’d mastered them. They are memories, shadows, nothing more. They shouldn’t frighten him, even now. They shouldn’t evoke such a reaction. Except it’s hard to convince himself of that when his entire body is trembling with remembered pain and his heart is galloping away in his chest. He takes a shuddering breath and closes his eyes, pressing his sweat-damp forehead against the cool floor. Just when he thinks it could be over, that he might finally have defeated Schmidt, at least in his mind, all of it returns with a vengeance. That would happen to him, wouldn’t it? He starts to laugh, then stops, knowing that it will only come out hysterical and more terrified than he wants to admit. First the world war, then the concentration camps, then Schmidt, then this…it only makes sense that his nightmares would resurface, just as vivid as they had been when he’d been fourteen years old and broken under Herr Doktor’s gleaming
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Dark Past
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Nightmares
Road Trips
Pre-Cuba to post-Cuba
Erik believes Charles is spoiled and naive
Erik is completely wrong
Fix-It

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

