Work Text:

It feels like a hollowness, when Tony first realizes. First sees. And the first thought, the first thought his useless, traitorous, genius brain can come up with was 
At least this time when he leaves, it wasn't your fault
.
Bucky finds them. Oh, Steve had been hunting him for months and months, embarking on jaunts to Mongolia, to Brasilia, to St. Louis, to anywhere there was so much as a whisper. Sending Sam whenever he couldn't go himself, when Steve was needed in New York too much, or what was left of SHIELD had a need for one of their best agents, or the Avengers had somewhere to be, somewhere to save. Steve had been hunting and Tony had done everything he could to help, devoting every spare computing cycle on all of Stark Industries' many servers to running the facial recognition software that he himself had coded, that was dozens of times better than anything anyone else had but still wasn't good enough. Months of work, and time, and civilians saved, and tentative kisses, and one day Bucky walks into Tony's lab, right past a hundred floors of the best security precautions SHIELD and a team of superheroes could manage and says, standing not two feet behind Tony as if he'd teleported there, "So, you're Howard's kid. Heard you could fix my arm."After that is the screaming, and there's a lot of it, because Tony a) is individually quite vocal and b) reflexively triggers JARVIS's intruder protocols which summon any nearby Avengers. It just so happens that Bruce is off Medicines-Sans-Frontiers-ing his conscience clean in West Africa, Natasha and Legolas are gathering intel in Cambodia, and Thor is with Jane in New Mexico, probably frightening innocent chupacabras with the duration and volume of their interspecies nasty. Which means the only non-Tony Avenger around to burst in on Tony trying to simultaneously kill the alarm and coax a world-class assassin out of the cover he'd taken behind a turned-over and helplessly beeping Dummy is, in fact, Steve. Steve, who is the only one even less likely than Tony to handle this well. He goes from full-out run to a sliding halt in the middle of Tony's workshop as he takes in the scene, shield on his arm and ready even though it’s two AM and he’s still barefoot and wearing only a pair of pajama pants.  His hair is tousled from sleep, and his shoulders still sport an impressive collection of bites from earlier that evening that haven't quite faded yet.Bucky pops up immediately at the sight, murmuring "Stevie?" The look Bucky gives him, desperate and hopeful and ever so slightly lusting, the look that Steve returns in equal measure -- Tony has always been good at reading people, when he cares enough to bother, and that look starts a clock in his head, a countdown to a foregone conclusion. He's only had a few months with Steve, not even a full year since they stopped fighting and started -- well. Started nothing at all, really, not compared to a childhood and a war and a whole lost world together. And Tony will -- will be okay with it. Will let it happen, help it happen, keep the team together anyway. His... feelings, for Steve (don't use the word, don't say it and it isn't real, don't use that word and it won't hurt as much) won't let him give Steve anything less that whatever Steve wants, whatever he deserves.----The really galling part, Tony thinks a few weeks later, is that he can't even blame them. Tony'd spent a lifetime of girls and booze and boys and drugs and fast cars and blackouts running from himself and blaming anyone and everyone else for his problems, when he even deigned to acknowledge their existence. Before the cave, anyway. Fuck, but he always hated Plato, couldn't have had a metaphor from Aristotle become his life, no. But as much as he wishes he could blame them, either of them, he can't. They're -- trying. They pretend they aren't still in love after all these years, that they aren't pining, longing. Steve still kisses Tony goodnight every day, and if he's ever snuck into Bucky's room, he's been careful enough that Tony never catches a hint of it. And Bucky, once he eased down a little from that half-feral alley-cat wariness and let little flashes of the man he must have been before surface, is... well, a hell of a lot of fun. Mouthy, adventurous, charming. And gorgeous, of course. Tipping his chin up at Steve and giving him sass without having to speak a single word, letting his eyes and fox's grin coax a small, shy smile from Steve even as he winces from the latest adjustment Tony’s performing on his arm. He really did need someone to see to it, that first night, but the tech itself is -- both miraculous and outdated. Tony studies it, cracks open its secrets as Bucky cracks jokes to cover the pain from its primitive interface, patched haphazardly into his nervous system. Tony knows he can do better, build better. Can ease Bucky's pain and let him feel it, really feel it, when Steve holds his hand. Steve’s face is a portrait of disbelievin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Polyamory
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mildly Dubious Consent
because the boys don’t always communicate so well
Noodle Incidents
Clint Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes: Agent Provocateur
Light BDSM
Light Dom/sub
Light Bondage
Clothes Kink
Sexting
Blow Jobs
Spanking
Threesome - M/M/M
Honestly this is like 70 percent porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

