Work Text:
Steve hadn’t thought that this could happen to him now. He was supposed to be a regular fellow, like 99.999% of the other guys in the world.He should have known that he’d never be a regular fellow.Still, why now? He’d fought in a war. He’d been frozen for decades and thawed out, coped with losing everything, battled deadly villains, moved into Stark Tower and finally felt settled, secure even, like there was someplace he belonged and...Oh.Nobody knew, before, except for his own parents, of course. It was genetic. He hadn’t even told Bucky. He just...hadn’t wanted his best buddy to look at him like that, like he was some kind of freak.So he could almost pretend he wasn’t one of those. Someone, who couldn’t possibly have known, had called him one once and Steve had mopped the sidewalk with him, drawing out strength he hadn't known he had.It would have kept him out of the Army in the first place, if any of the recruiting boards had gotten around to asking and if he would have told the truth if they had (no). Steve was weak, undersized, and asthmatic, and the Army wasn’t that desperate. He was 4-F material anyway, and that, well, It was a pretty rare mutation. Nobody even tested for it anymore.But Dr Erskine had, the day before Steve was to be remade into a super-soldier.“Does it make a difference?” Steve asked, hating the desperate, plaintive tone in his voice, fearing the answer. He might have heart and courage, but Omega genetics? That alone would be enough to disqualify him.“I think we can do something about that,” the doctor had assured him kindly. “Not that there’s anything wrong with the way nature made you, Steven.”And of course he’d died, Dr Erskine had. Steve hadn’t really gotten around to asking if the serum had worked on his...nature before that had happened. He’d heard the snickers, back in the Army. “Yeah, oh boy, I thought she had to be an Omega hussy in heat for sure, the way she wanted my--”“That’s enough,” Steve would say, voice sharp, and since he was commanding officer, they waited until he was out of earshot.Either the fix didn’t take when he’d had the serum and the Vita-Ray process or it had worn off or he was finally in a situation where he was no longer under battle stress.So here he was, rare as a hen’s tooth, in his fancy apartment in a modern high-rise, practically going out of his mind because for the first time, he was in heat.In heat.Not that it mattered anyway;  Alphas were rare too. Steve would just lock himself away. He had a refrigerator full of food, books -- he couldn’t concentrate very well at the moment, truth be told -- but he had a television with all sorts of movies on it and baseball to take his mind off this, and he’d suffer through it. He’d been through worse.He doesn’t have a bond with anyone, anyway; he didn’t think he ever would. These days... Steve remembers sitting at Tony’s bar last month as Natasha and Thor leaned forward on the sofa, rapt, watching some HBO Real Sex thing on Alpha/Omega culture like it was a wildlife documentary.He’d purposefully ignored the droning of the announcer, talking about popular myths, and the misconception that bonding takes place instantly among strangers something something about fitness and ‘worthiness’ and optimal something very, very explicit  because he was definitely not listening and now he sure as hell couldn’t finish his grilled cheese sandwich.Tony sauntered in then, reminded Thor his favorite program was on and switched the channel, fixing himself a drink.“They don’t teach schoolkids this stuff, do they?” Steve asked, angling his head towards the television.Tony lowered his voice, leaning in. “You know Ancient Aliens is bullshit, right, Sno-Cap?”“Mostly bullshit,” Thor replied from the sofa. “And I do not care.”“I mean the uh...” Steve pushed his plate away, “the Alpha/Omega stuff.”“Yeah...no.  It’s not something politely discussed in public either, just so you’re aware.” Tony had looked uncomfortable and Steve nodded quickly, his palms itching. There were...things on the internet. Most of them, well, made Steve realize that though people today seemed to be more accepting of differences, being an Omega or an Alpha wasn’t something you talked about unless you started up a website and made people give you their credit card number first. So, Steve assures himself, by Tuesday this pitiful and desperate feeling will pass, and hopefully he’d be busy avenging and it wouldn’t happen again for a long time. Or maybe there was some modern drug he could take to suppress the hormones, now that he knew he needed it. They had pills for everything these days -- restless legs and soft dicks and hair loss.He wraps an arm around his waist and kicks off the bedcovers, drifting in and out into a half-sleep, wanting something he can’t have, doesn’t even want to name.But the rapping at the door won’t stop. And there’s a buzzer, and a doorbell, or a doorbell buzzer. Steve fists his hands into his sides. Why won’t they just go away?He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Slash
Bonding
non-mpreg

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

