Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Voyeur


34 years ago

Little Arthur Weasley was only in his second year at Hogwarts. Little Arthur Weasley was not supposed to be up here on the second floor of his ancient family home. Little Arthur Weasley knew he was being incredibly naughty by even stepping on this floor at this particular time of the night – his parents explicitly forbade him from using their floor after curfew. But he couldn’t help it. The twelve-year-old boy really needed somewhere to pee – and his oldest brother was using the only bathroom downstairs. In desperation, Arthur – “Artie” to his family – had crawled up through the trapdoor and had used his parents’ bathroom, which was just outside their bedroom.And just as he had finished his business and stepped out of the bathroom, he heard his father moaning. He was slightly concerned. He had never really heard his father moan like that before. He edged towards his parents’ bedroom, the door towering over him in the dark gloom of the night. His father moaned again. And the strange thing was, he heard nothing from his mother. He pushed at the door, and to his immense surprise, it budged. He had expected it to be locked with a charm, but it was open. He pushed the door ajar ever so slightly so that he could peek in and reassure himself that 
his father was not sick – merely having a bad dream… or something.What he saw would leave an after-image that would haunt him for ages. His father was on top of his mother, the sheets were off and lying to the side and their bodies were pressed against each other. His mother’s breasts were squashed against his father’s chest and his father was heaving and grunting on top of her as she lay there with her legs spread out. Artie was not a naïve boy – he knew what sex was. He was in his second year – he had heard the older years go on and on about fondling and kissing and what not. And he knew that he was not supposed to see this… but he couldn’t help it. He was neither turned on nor repulsed – he was fascinated by not his parents’ bodies, but their expressions.His father’s face was screwed up in pleasure – he could only glimpse the grey-haired Septimus Weasley’s side profile, but even from over here outside the dimly lit room, it was sufficiently clear that his father was delighted by his actions and what he was feeling at that moment. However, what really perturbed and fascinated him was his mother’s face. She was staring off to the side, towards the door that Arthur peeked through. She was not staring at him, just off at the wall that the door belonged to. He could see her face quite clearly from here. She wasn’t delighted – she was actually bored. She was looking askance at the wall as her husband rutted her from above, absolutely bored and sleepy. The expression on her face screamed, “Get it over with.”Artie promptly withdrew his head, closed the door softly and descended down the trapdoor. He curled back into his blankets and fell asleep. He imagined the incident would fade into the back of his mind soon enough.It did not. He would always remember the indulgent face his mother made when she engaged his father during their nightly romps in bed.
***
Present Day
“Y’know, Arthur,” Kingsley Shacklebolt, the Minister of Magic remarked, “You are a very, very lucky wizard.”Arthur looked askance at Kingsley and smiled. The Minister was obviously referring to his wife, who had just left his shared office with the Minister after leaving them both with her famous home-cooked meals.“Enjoy her food, do you?” Arthur asked jovially.Kingsley laughed. “You know it,” he said, and hastily added, “Not that Molly hasn’t got any other endearing qualities, of course.”“Of course,” Arthur said, with a small nod. He knew what Kingsley was getting at – his wife was bossy, and he knew it too. The war had devastated their family, especially with the loss of Fred, and Bill’s condition, but the Weasleys were nothing if not adaptable. And they were soon back to a normal routine. Bill was back on track working for Gringotts and going on assignments that would no doubt
make both Molly and his own wife nervous. Charlie was back to taming dragons and was a constant target of Molly’s frequent admonishments – “find a girl and settle down” being the most frequent of them. Percy was a very high-ranking member of the Department of Experimental Spell Damage, and he knew Percy would soon be promoted to a more influential department within the Ministry. Percy was about to be married to a very delightful girl – Audrey – a very tall, blonde girl that modeled for Gladrags. George was doing well and was dating a former teammate on the Quidditch team from back when he was at Hogwarts. Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes were back with a bang; however, Arthur could never tell if George would ever get over his twin’s death.Ron would back in school for his final year as Head Boy (he was so proud when Minerva informed him about it) and was dating the delightful and intelligent H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Harry Potter/Molly Weasley
Harry Potter/Hermione Granger
Fleur Delacour/Harry Potter
Gabrielle Delacour/Harry Potter
Angelina Johnson/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Harems
Cuckolding
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Accidental Voyeurism
Lesbian Sex

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Harry Potter/Molly Weasley
Harry Potter/Hermione Granger
Fleur Delacour/Harry Potter
Gabrielle Delacour/Harry Potter
Angelina Johnson/Harry Potter

