Work Text:
The door to the meeting room slams open just as Steve's wrapping up his conversation with Peter. Both their heads whip around to stare before they relax, Tony silhouetted in the threshold."Tony? Wha-" Steve starts, only to cut off when Tony bee-lines for him, crushing him against the conference table, mouth frantic as his hands, kissing Steve to within an inch of his life-Oh."Oh," Steve gasps, the sound punched out of him as he gets a good whiff of Tony. More precisely, Tony's pheromones. Tony whines, lifts one leg to wrap around his hip and Steve's barely aware of Peter's yelp, loud, frantic and stammering something and then they're alone in the room."Tony," Steve gasps again, "Ohgod- I thought-" he trails off, Tony's teeth set into his neck dissolving his thoughts better than acid."Thought we had another week," Steve manages to choke out when Tony pulls back to strip his shirt off."Don't," Tony growls in negative, "Now. Need you. Please.""Yes, yes," Steve murmurs, shucking his shirts overhead and dropping his hands to his belt. Part of his mind warns him that they're not ready, there are still things that need to be taken care of, they need that extra week. The rest of his brain, burning under want and desire and Tony's scent snarls at that.He barely has his pants down, shoes cast aside, before Tony's back on him, grabbing at his hands, pulling, twisting. They're both on the floor not quite as fast as they would have been if Steve had put them there, but fast enough that he really doesn't complain. Especially not when Tony lays back, legs falling open, neck bared in such a perfectly submissive gesture, Steve rumbles out a purr of pleasure. Crawling over him, Steve takes a moment to rub their cheeks together, brushing kisses along Tony's jaw until the whimper becomes a needy keen, his head arched so far back the skin is as stretched as one of his canvases."Tony. Tony. Mine, Tony," he whispers.Tony, long past coherent speech, arches underneath him, sets hands to his sides and grips, tugs. Steve stays suspended above him, enthralled. Tony, his Tony, always so in control, laid before him so wantonly is- nearly too much.Taking pity on Tony, he leans down, settles his mouth, his teeth to Tony's neck. Underneath him, Tony freezes for a microsecond before Steve bites down, depressing the gland that would start the beginning of the end. (The fraction he'd hesitated, he'd wanted to pull away, to gather Tony to him and ask if he was sure, if this was really what he wanted.)They've already talked this to death, though.The air around them shifts as the hormone absorbs into Tony's bloodstream, starts shifting things about. The scent of Tony's arousal doubles.What little articulated thought that remained in Steve's head flees under it."Yes, Tony," he mouths at the gland, fingers seeking out nipples, the sensitive skin over Tony's belly, brush against his cock. He gives the straining organ two quick strokes before gently cupping his balls in passing. He presses against Tony's opening."God, Tony. Every time. So wet," he murmurs against his neck, biting down again on the depressed gland. Always, every time, it amazes him how fast Tony's heats hit him. From expounding on nanotechnology to pounding himself back onto Steve's knot in two minutes flat."Steeeevv..." Tony rocks under him, shamelessly grabbing at Steve's wrist and shoving his fingers into him. Tony writhes with a fluttering gasp.Fuck, Steve thinks. So hot. Just begging for it."Tony," Steve tries to roll him over, but Tony just clings, wrapping his legs around Steve's ribs and squeezes. He's keening again, and Steve suddenly remembers talking about this.
"It feels like I'm going insane," Tony confessed quietly, staring at his hands limply clasped in his lap "Like- like ants under my skin, or being hungry for weeks. Being restless and stuck in a coffin, or with my arms and legs bound. I just need and if I don't- don't do something about it, it starts to hurt."
He'd had to practically pry the conversation out of Tony and the answer itself had been delivered two weeks later in the shrouding protection of two in the morning."Ssh-ssh," Steve soothes. Or tries to. It's becoming harder to think again, as Tony's pheromones start to peak in another cycle. Throughout the heat, he knows the cycles will become longer, further apart to let them break for food, possibly for rest, if they are lucky.He gives up on trying to turn Tony over; he is getting too distressed to listen, and the peak in pheromones makes it too hard to think anyway.Steve draws up, presses Tony's thighs wide, spread nearly as far as they will go, and fucks into him.Tension flows smoothly out of Tony, like someone's flipped a switch.Steve purrs.Yes, this. This is it. This is what they need.Both of them.He draws back, purr rumbling louder, and begins to thrust, Tony's hole slick and tight around him. With the help of a heat between them, there's no need for lubrication, Tony so wet he's leaking all o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Knotting
Dirty Talk
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Weird Dynamics
Challenge: cap_ironman bingo
Community: capkinkmeme

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

