Work Text:
Tony totally happens on Clint by accident.He's lost, which occurs way more than people think. When he doesn't have JARVIS as his GPS he actually has a terrible sense of direction, plus he really didn't listen as well as he could have when the receptionist told him where to go.So he's looking for conference room twenty-three and ends up in conference room three and there's Clint, swaddled in pillows and blankets, sitting on the conference room table with an open bag of Doritos and one of those old style portable television sets with an honest to god antenna.Old technology gives Tony hives."What are you doing in here?" he asks, surprised."What are you doing here?" Clint counters, snaking a hand out from his blanket nest to reel his chips closer, like there's an actual chance Tony's going to steal them or something. "I had a meeting but I got turned around," Tony says, gives Clint now your turn eyebrows that Clint ignores because all he says is, "Huh.""Do you know where twenty-three is?" Tony finally asks, because Clint doesn't seem about to offer any other explanation. "Same place, two floors up," Clint provides, turns his gaze back to his sad little TV.Tony hesitates. He's not a meddler by nature, that's more Pepper's area of expertise, but maybe because he knows she'll give him crap for not actually finding out what's going on, he decides to persist. He looks around the room, spotting more snack-related detritus, a pair of kicked-off boots and Clint's bow case and comes to an odd conclusion. "Are you living in here?""It's just temporary," Clint grunts after a pause that tells Tony that he thought about denying it."It's a conference room.""I'm aware of that. The whiteboard gave it away, plus the really big table.""Doesn't SHIELD headquarters have a couple of floors dedicated to actual living spaces?"Clint's face does something interesting, kind of squidging down and then relaxing again, like he's fighting off the real expression it wants to make. "This is as far as I can get with my security clearance while I'm under review." When Tony just stares at him, Clint finally pulls his attention away from the TV and nudges a hand out to hold up three fingers. "Third floor. Living quarters are on eight and nine.""Why aren't you in a hotel then?"Clint sighs, obviously realizing Tony's not just going to leave him alone. "My accounts are frozen and you don't get a per diem when SHIELD's still deciding whether you can be trusted or not.""You have people you could stay with though," Tony says, frowning. "I'm sure Natasha has some scary little nest with a couch you could crash on.""I didn't want to bother anyone," Clint says into his chest, and suddenly Tony gets it, he understands what this is."Are you punishing yourself?" Tony asks, incredulous. Clint's gaze snaps to him, startled and guilty. "Don't feel like you deserve help or even a hotel room? You're making yourself uncomfortable on purpose or you're hiding, one of the two." When Clint opens his mouth, probably to argue about how he's not doing either of those things when clearly he is, Tony waves a dismissive hand. "What are you eating anyway if you don't have any cash?""Coulson has a snack drawer.""His office is on thirteen.""I know how to get into his office through the air ducts," Clint says."Do I even want to know why?" "Probably not.""Okay, well, two floors up you said?" Tony repeats and Clint nods. Right before Tony escapes, there's a forlorn sounding crinkle of Doritos packet and he's done for. "Oh for chrissakes, I can't leave you here.""You want me to sleep in a cardboard box on the street?""Close, my place," Tony says. Clint just stares at him. "Well, c'mon, hurry up, according to Pepper I don't have all day.""Don't you have a meeting?""Yes, with Fury, which is why it's excellent to have found a reason not to go."Clint hesitates for about ten seconds more, before he gathers up his nest and slides off the table. He's wearing Spongebob Squarepants boxers and Tony did not see that coming.

*
"There's a lock on my door.""Yes.""With a twelve digit keypad combination.""Uhuh.""And a retinal scan.""You betcha. Is there any reason you're telling me this?""I'm just noting my surprise about how you managed to just wander in here since that's the case," Coulson says levelly, watching Tony fuss around in the chair he'd dropped into. He must get tired of trying to wait Tony out because he huffs and finally says, "Was there something I could do for you?""You broke into my tower. I'm just returning the favor.""I had a reason.""I do too.""Which is?""Barton.""Barton?""Yes, he's the reason I'm here.""I'm really good at extracting information out of people. Do you honestly want me to employ the techniques I know to make this go faster?""Um, no?" Tony hazards, imagining that wouldn't be pleasant. When Coulson gives him a go on then face, Tony sits up. "Sorry, right. Barton's moping.""Stark, you're really starting to-""In my house. Barton's moping in my house and I n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Domestic
Pre-Relationship
accidental feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor

