Chapter 1: Winter
    




Chapter Text
               His paws sink down deep into the fresh snow as he slowly makes his way through a pristine, white meadow. No living thing has crossed this way since the snow fell, it may be days before anything does. He’s dozens of miles away from the closest human mark. If he has it his way, he will never see another one of those monkey beasts again. He’s suffered enough in their hands for the rest of his lifetime.               He stops to sniff the air. He smells pack but he’s not sure from which direction. There is no wind and the scent is faint. He growls with frustration. The heartbreak of finding his old territory invaded by humans still pains him. He dearly hopes that there is at least someone left that will know him. He doesn’t know who that would be, the monkey brutes took that from him, but he has hope. It’s not just a desire for familiarity that drives him towards his own kind, he can’t hunt well on his own. Not as a wolf. His missing arm translates to a missing leg in his lupine form. He can move fast if he needs to but there is no grace to it. In the form of a man he can hunt but it’s too cold to be without fur for long. As he is, he’s stuck limping along on three legs up to his balls in a snow bank with no food in his belly. He loves it.                 This feels invigorating. This feels like being alive. Not since he was a pup has he known such freedom. The search for his own kind is only the second thing he’s done since his stroke of luck three days ago. The only reason he has this is because his ‘tracking collar’ malfunctioned all of a sudden after fifteen years of trying to break it. That thing was a torture device used to force him to do the biding of that weaker species which he sometimes resembles. The stupid monkeys believe that because he is also lupine, he must be less intelligent than they are. They greatly underestimated him and that is why they are now dead. That was his first act as a free man; the slaughter of his captors. He hopes the dogs he set free are still picking the meat off their bones. Those dogs were his only friends during his captivity. He would have liked to have brought them with him but he could not. His kind eats all other animals, including the monkey’s pets. He is a wild animal, pets have no place with him.               He reaches the end of the meadow and looks around. The tall trees have kept the brush down. He can see fairly well into the mossy forest. He spots a fallen tree that might provide him a bit of a vantage point. He makes his way to it and looks for his way up the slippery sides. Without his second front paw it’s difficult to find a footing. He climbs up using the help of a dirt pile created by the upturned roots. The smell of pack is stronger here on the opposite side of the meadow. He can see much further now but he sees nothing that looks like it might be settlement. Maybe the smell he’s tracking is from a hunting party and they’re already retreating away from him. The little breeze that there is tells him he’s downwind of them. He’s not going to be able to keep pace with a hunting party. He’s got to signal his presences before they are out of range. He sits down and prepares himself. It’s been a very long times since he’s done this.                He howls as loudly as he can into the quiet forest. He’s almost startled by the volume of his own noise. He was punished for making sound in his cage. He was punished for almost everything except for the few things they wanted from him. A flash of heat rolls through him at the thought of being shocked into submission. They tried to tame him so that he could be used like their dogs. He throws his head back and howls again to spit on that memory.                Then distantly he hears it. It’s not as far away as he feared. It’s the answering call of an alpha, probably the First Alpha if he’s the one speaking for the hunting party. He shifts on the log, unable to completely contain his excitement. He howls back to the distant wolf with perhaps an overly enthusiastic ‘Hi there!’ He immediately repeats himself with a more formal ‘Hello’. He feels a bit dumb. He just howled like the pup he was the last time he did it. Hopefully they don’t think he’s a pup. If this really is the First Alpha he’d like to make a good impression. He is an omega after all, the First Alpha’s opinion means a lot.                The distant wolf tells him to stay. He would have liked to have met them half way. ‘Stay’ is one of those stupid brute’s words for him. They only ever addressed him with twenty or so words the whole time he was there. Many times he had to fight the urge to speak to them in their foul language just so he could tell them how much he’d like to give them an up close examination of his teeth. The few times he gave in to speaking he used only his native tongue. It’s a different language than howling, to the monkeys it sounds like unintelligible mumbling. Their ears are jus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Full Shift Werewolves
Werewolf Biology
Werewolf Sex
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Mating Rituals
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Fluff and Smut
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Puppies

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

