Chapter 1: Follow the builder home.
    




Chapter Text

It wasn’t that Tony kept surprising Steve at every turn, it was that the surprises were… surprisingly pleasant. He’d walked into Stark Tower –– now ‘A Tower’ thanks to the Chitauri, Loki and Thor, mostly –– and winced at the devastating destruction of Tony’s home. Something he’d clearly worked long and hard on, to build and design to be self-sustaining. The wreckage was all over New York; people’s homes, jobs, lives, put on hold for goodness knows how long. And still it was different, a little more painful, to step over pieces of what once was a coffee table of someone he knew, fought with, expected to die next to, and that was why his voice was a little more gentle than usual when he spoke to Tony, as he said,
“Need a hand, Mr Stark?”
He had expected Tony’d be looming over whoever his clearly ample budget had hired to do the cleaning up, but instead he found him on elbows and knees beneath a metal table that obviously didn’t belong in a living room, fiddling with wires. Tony’s back stiffened fractionally, before he turned, careful smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes in place. Steve felt a small stab of unease that this particular smile was one reserved just for him.
“Oh, hey Cap. Unless you know how to rewire a burnt out blowtorch, not really.” Tony sat up on his knees, body half twisted toward Steve. His shirt sleeves were rolled up to bare his forearms, which were scraped and bruised and Steve frowned, wondered what had happened, before remembering his healing was serum-enhanced now and everyone else’s wasn’t.
“I’m afraid I don’t,” Steve said a little sheepishly and still frowning. For some reason that made Tony smile more genuinely.
“Well, then,” he said, grabbing a dirty rag to wipe his hands on. “What can I do for you?” He got to his feet and walked up to Steve, stopping a few feet away.
“I just. Well. I’ve been –– are you wearing a suit?”
Tony looked down at his chest and then his legs, face genuinely amazed as he said, “Oh. I must’ve forgotten ––“ He waved a hand, pulled a face, dismissing it as if what he did wasn’t important, as if he thought Steve couldn’t possibly care. “Press conference, not the first shirt I’ve ruined. You were saying?”
“Ah, um, I’ve been checking up on everyone, see how they’ve been doing and you’re, uh, a little harder to get hold of, so I thought I’d come and find you. Mr Hogan let me in.”
“Oh. Right. Well, as you can see,” Tony swept an arm around the room to indicate the chaos, “everything’s just peachy.” He was grinning, as if it really was. But Steve was learning how to look now, and saw the dark shadows beneath Tony’s eyes, the slightly weary reserve in them. It brought on a burst of honesty.
“Actually, I think we’re all falling apart. The Avengers I mean. In the aftermath of the fight, we all just went our own ways. It took me two weeks to track down Hawkeye and Black Widow, never mind get hold of you. I think we should at least,” he hesitated, didn’t know how to express what he meant, really. “Debrief,” he finished a little weakly. He thought Tony would laugh, braced himself for it, but instead he just looked at Steve, a little calculating.
“You know, Cap,” he said, quietly, “I’ve been thinking the same thing. Come, have a look at this.” He threw the rag down on the metal table and walked toward a desk holding, amongst random pieces of debris, three large see-through screens. Tony tapped a few buttons, touched what looked like plans and spread his fingers. The schematics followed the movement and blew up so Steve involuntary took a step back. “It’s all right,” Tony said with a glance out of the corner of his eye, looking amused but not in an unkind way. Steve looked closer, saw they were plans for the tower, and then recognized a small picture of his shield.
“What are these?” Steve asked, stepping closer, looking at a living room, a kitchen, a bedroom and a small room labeled ‘studio’. When Tony said nothing, he looked back at him and was surprised to see him appearing bashful of all things.
“Well,” Tony said, clearing his throat, “I have all this space and I know that most of you don’t have a place to live here in New York, not really, and, well, even Thor could use something he can call a base when he’s on earth and,” he shrugged, looking down at his hands and back at Steve again. “I thought it could be useful if we have somewhere to call …um, home.”
“Right,” Steve said, having to swallow past a lump in his throat. “Right. That’s, yeah, that makes sense.” He looked back at the plans, saw a gym there, a shooting range, a reinforced lab. He shook his head, wondering how he could’ve been so wrong.
“I mean,” Tony said behind him. “We don’t have to. Obviously, it’s just an idea, something I thought, but of course it’s stupid, I’ll just ––“ He reached out to swipe away the drawings but Steve stopped him with a hand on his wrists, the bones surprisingly broad beneath his fingers.
“Is Ms Potts all right with this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Internalized Homophobia
Angst
First Time
PTSD
Post-Movie
Mild Spoilers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

