Work Text:
When the children were approximately the size of Scottish terriers, they stopped growing. At least, Peter hoped they had stopped. They were difficult enough to manage as it was and if they got any larger…well, he and Wade would have to find another supplier of Insect Eater Diet, for starters. Every pet shop owner within a fifty-block radius already gave them funny looks every time they came into the store and cleaned out their entire stock of the little jars in one go. He did what he could to supplement it with nice, fresh insects and the occasional small amphibian. In fact, there was much speculation in the newspapers about the sudden increase in large spider webs in certain areas of Central Park. Peter was spending more time catching food for the children than criminals these days. 
“We could let them feed on bank robbers and muggers,” Wade had suggested. “I know you’re always tempted to snack on them yourself.”
Peter had put a stop to that idea immediately. He was not about to let their babies get a taste of human blood. The incident with the neighbor’s cat had been bad enough. Besides, he didn’t want to encourage any of them to follow in his footsteps and dedicate their lives to hunting criminals. Veronica, for one, had aspirations in this regard because she had started testing out potential traps on her parents. With his spider-sense, Peter could avoid them, but several times he had come home to find Wade dangling from the ceiling, wrapped in webbing and grinning.
“Isn’t she clever?” he would say as Peter cut him down. “When she grows up, our daughter is going to be joining the Avengers! Just you wait and see!”
Of course Wade would be proud about it. Of course he would see nothing wrong with letting Veronica traipse into dark alleys. Of course he wouldn’t think about the fact that criminals had guns and knives and that their children hadn’t exhibited any sign of superpowers. Except for being spiders the size of a Scottish terrier. And all right, so their webbing was maybe as strong as Peter’s. And yes, they were damn quick, as anyone who had tried to get Trevor to go to bed when he didn’t want to could attest. And perhaps their pincers were capable of shearing straight through hard steel, as proven by the accident that Maggie had with Wade’s katanas. 
But still. 
Knives.
Guns.
Not to mention crazy shit like the Goblin or Electro.
“I’m not letting our children become crime fighters,” he whispered furiously to Wade as they lay curled up together in his web that night. “They have so much potential! Their whole lives are ahead of them! Look at what we’ve had to sacrifice. Look at the hell we’ve been through.”
“Yeah, but—”
“They could be killed!”
Wade was quiet for a few minutes, an unusual enough occurrence that Peter started to get worried and was just about to poke him when he finally spoke. 
“Petey, what exactly do you think the options are here? They’re spiders the size of small dogs whose instinct is to hunt and kill prey.” 
“That’s not the only thing they can do! Elizabeth is so artistic—remember that poem she wove into her web last month?”
He had taken about twenty pictures of it on his phone. It had said: 

I like flies
but not bad guys

“Right,” Wade said, “but it’s kind of, um, suggestive, don’t you think?”
“And Will is learning to play the keyboard!” Peter continued.
Wade cleared his throat. “But he only wants to play the theme song from COPS.” He sniggered. “Oh, I should totally teach him that one too!”
“Teach him what?”
“Your theme song, baby boy! You know—‘Spiderman, Spiderman, does whatever a—”
Peter whopped him on the head. “If you dare, there will be no more sex for a month! At least!”
He had learned this was a very effective threat to use against Wade.
“All right, so not that!” Wade agreed hastily. “But you have to admit that his choice of songs indicates that he’s leaning in a certain direction.”
“It does not,” Peter contradicted. “And what about Nancy? You can’t tell me that her interest in weaving actual clothing—with thread and yarn, it’s so amazing!—is in any way related to crime fighting.”
Wade got quiet again.
Peter jabbed him in the ribs with an elbow. Wade yelped.
“Well, it’s just—oh, hell, Petey—it was red and black and Veronica wore it as a cape!” 
“That was a coincidence! Because you left all your spare costume material lying around!” 
Wade did not reply immediately. Peter crossed his arms over his chest and stared up at the ceiling. 
At last, Wade wriggled a tentative arm around his shoulders. “I know you’re worried. And I know I’m not such a great dad—”
“Don’t say that. It’s not true.”
Wade sighed. “Anyway, the point is—they have to make their own decisions, right? If they want to help us, the most important thing we can do is teach them how to protect themselves.”
He held out for a few moments and then curled into Wade’s chest. “I thought you were supposed to be the crazy one,” he muttered. “It makes me want to throw up, I get so scared, thinking of what could hap
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spiderman/Deadpool

freeform: 
Peter is more like a spider
Spider Babies
Kid Fic
Fluff
weird fluff but still fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spiderman/Deadpool

