Chapter 1: I Requested a Female
    


Notes:
This fic has a playlist (that I will continue adding to) If you want to listen to the music I listen to when writing, please go here! Click Me!




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes sat at the long conference table with several of his colleagues. His back was facing the floor-to-ceiling windows that looked over the busy Manhattan streets below, the sun warming him through his suit jacket. He flicked at the tip of his tie absentmindedly, waiting for the meeting to begin. He was presenting today. One of their clients was on the fence about continuing with the marketing plans Bucky’s firm had set out with originally. This was a last ditch effort to not lose one of the largest makeup companies in the United States. Bucky had a plan; he just wasn’t entirely sure how the company would feel about it.
An elderly man and a young, rather beautiful woman entered the room. Bucky watched as Howard Stark, one of the partners of the marketing firm, greeted the man with a firm handshake and then turned to his female counterpart. Stark & Stark Marketing was founded during the resurgence of economic growth in the fifties and now with Tony Stark taking over most of the company for his aging father, it was right on track to be one of the most premiere marketing firms in the US.  
“Mr. Barnes, shall we begin?” Howard Stark asked as he took his seat at the helm of the long table.
Bucky tapped his fingers excitedly atop his file before sliding out from his chair and up to the front of the room. This was why he was here. This was what he was born to do. Bucky had made quite the career at telling people who they should be, and change what they were. He ran ad campaigns for plastic surgeons, jewelry companies, clothing companies, the list went on and on. Today, makeup was on the bill.
“Reveal– don’t conceal,” Bucky said as he walked over to his easel that currently had a white sheet over his largest piece. He always loved a big reveal. “Concealer has such a bad rap with all the anti-makeup campaigns and feminist favorability for natural beauty. Why not play into that? Show off yourself.” He took off the white sheet, showing a picture of a Hispanic woman with of course, completely flawless features and a white woman with again, the same flawless skin. Their makeup was drastic and coal black but their skin was practically radiating with the additional assistance of photoshop. Bucky had seen these women when they were getting their pictures taken, sure they were hot, but they weren’t the goddesses this picture showed them to be.
“Lancôme beauty products don’t just conceal, they reveal. You want women thinking that they can be the women pictured here. Gorgeous, flawless, radiant. Reveal your beauty. With Lancôme’s concealer line, you’ll be revealing your inner beauty, not hiding it.”
“But isn’t the point of a concealer…to hide?” the elderly man asked. His French accent was thick, but Bucky had prepped for this.
“Oui. C'est bien vrai. Je parle Français par ailleurs,” Bucky responded, earning a few raised brows from both colleague and the Lancôme clients. The female leaned forward, a sly grin on her face. Bucky liked how her blond hair caressed against her breasts, framing them like pieces of art.
“However, if we get women to believe they’re bringing out their beauty, and not your product’s, they’re more likely to trust your products won’t damage their skin, their reputation, and we can run campaigns showing your company supports feminism and appreciation of true, female beauty.”
“J'aime ça!” the female said. “Very impressive, Mr. Barnes.” Her French accent was just as thick as the man’s but Bucky had no trouble understanding it. It ran off her tongue like crisp, cool water during a drought.
He licked the side of his mouth, perfectly smitten with himself. He loved being on display almost as much as he liked displaying the products he created campaigns for, and this woman was certainly appreciating the décor…
“It is a good idea,” the Frenchman agreed. “Run the campaign.”
 
Bucky sat at his corner office, sipping on some celebratory cognac. He swirled the amber liquid around in his crystal glass, feet propped up on his desk as he looked out his building’s large windows.
“Bucky!” an overly excited, gruff voice called from the door.
Bucky looked up to see Peter Quill and Clint Barton, two of his closest friends at the firm. Bucky didn’t really have “friends” in the conventional sense since he preferred to live his life through his work, but he went out to bars with these guys and had lunch with them.
“Slam dunk again, huh?” Clint asked as he went over to Bucky’s wet bar and poured himself a large glass of cognac. Bucky smirked. Clint always loved stealing other people’s liquor.
“Christ, Buck, you’re a powerhouse. The Starks don’t even know what they got in you,” Peter exclaimed. He slumped down into the black, leather sofa in the middle of the room. “You should be made partner.”
“Ha!” Bucky snorted. “Pleas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Escort Steve Rogers
Sex workers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Pining
Bucky Barnes Feels
Fluff and Angst
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
POV Bucky Barnes
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Sex Toys
Rimming
Masturbation
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Denial
Come Swallowing
First Time Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs
Bucky's first time with a man
Protective Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Homophobia
Bucky and Natasha are ex-spouses
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Sexuality Crisis
Steve and Bucky are switches
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Sexual Tension
Hand Jobs
Public Hand Jobs
Public Sex Toy Use
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Career Driven Bucky
Crygasms
Overstimulation
come spitting
Foreskin Play
Edging
Accidental Voyeurism
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Past Drug Use
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Morally Ambiguous Characters

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

