Work Text:
Matt Murdock is the devil.Foggy glowers at him as the jury files back in.  Murdock doesn’t even look worried, and why should he?  Even before they’ve read the verdict, it’s obvious he’s won.No, he’s coolly sipping a glass of water, elegant and sharp in a suit that probably cost a month’s worth of Foggy’s salary.  Not a hair on that flaming-red head out of place; eyes hidden away behind crimson glasses.  His client sits beside him, an oil slick of a man in a cheap suit, and he has the courtesy to look nervous, but Murdock doesn’t bother to calm him.  He just puts the glass down, tilts his head slightly - and then turns his head right in Foggy’s direction, as if he knows Foggy’s looking.And smirks.Foggy digs his nails into his palm.  This has happened more times than he can count.  He knows the Kingpin is still running the lion’s share of organized crime in the city, even if everyone at Riker’s swears up and down he’s been a model prisoner.  If Foggy can chip away at Fisk’s organization, lean on the right people hard enough, Fisk will have nothing left to run.  But every time he’s got someone on trial who he thinks will actually make a difference, Matt Fucking Murdock shows up, dapper and cool, and slips through all of Foggy’s carefully structured arguments with loopholes and technicalities and sheer charm, and pulls his client through with him.  Foggy has never won a case against Murdock, not once, and he’s about ready to pull his hair out over it.Kirsten puts a soothing hand on his arm.  “Easy, boss.  Remember what the dentist said about grinding your teeth.”“He’s smirking at me, Kirsten,” Foggy murmurs, and Kirsten glances over.“Coincidence,” she says.  “He’s blind, Foggy.  I’m sure he only has a vague sense of where you even are.”“Oh, come on,” Foggy says.  “Surely he can feel the scorching flames of my hatred at least a little bit.”“Now, now, don’t take it personally, Mr. District Attorney,” she says.  “You’re just doing your job, and he’s just doing his.  It’s just that his job happens to be putting known criminals back on the streets, because at some point he traded in his soul for those cheekbones.”  Foggy gives her a betrayed look and she rolls her eyes.  “Come on, he’s right out of GQ and everyone knows it.  I’m just stating a fact.”“He’s a dick,” Foggy retorts.“And you are also stating a fact.”  She pats his arm again.  “Listen, they’re reading the verdict.”Foggy turns his attention to the forewoman, although he already knows what she’s going to say.  “On the charge of murder in the first degree, we find the defendant...not guilty.”Kirsten lets out a stream of very quiet and very colorful profanity.  Foggy just slumps.  He can’t help looking over towards the defendant, who is pumping his fist in the air and probably planning his next murder right now.Murdock stays very cool, shaking his client’s hand and packing up his briefcase, but as he picks up his cane and stands, he turns back in Foggy’s direction - unerringly, creepily, like he’s not really blind at all.  Foggy wouldn’t put it past him to be lying about that, soulless dickbag that he is.He smirks again, right at Foggy, and Foggy’s nails dig back into his palms, painfully hard.He’s going to see Murdock fry.*Foggy snaps his briefcase shut, a little too loud.  It’s another day, another case; another loss to Murdock.  Another criminal back on the streets, this time an arsonist.  Foggy wonders how many days it’ll be before another small business goes up in flames, clearing the way for Wilson Fisk’s ever-growing empire, and is mildly glad Kirsten’s got another case today.  He’s in the mood for an afternoon alone with the bottle of good bourbon hidden in his desk drawer.He turns - and nearly crashes into Murdock, standing quietly next to his chair.  “What the f - !”Murdock must hear how startled he is, but he doesn’t move, just lets Foggy windmill his arms and try not to fall into him.  “Mr. Nelson.  That was a very valiant effort.”For a minute Foggy thinks he’s talking about not falling down, and then he remembers the case.  “Yes, well, crazy as it sounds, I’d prefer not to have half the city burned down by a lunatic.  Excuse me.”Murdock steps aside, but only so he can walk up the aisle with Foggy, cane tapping ahead of them.  Peachy.  “My client was acquitted, Mr. Nelson.”“You and I both know that doesn’t prove anything, Murdock.”  Foggy doesn’t respect him enough to bother with a title.“Only in the eyes of the law,” Murdock says lightly.  “Which we are both sworn to uphold, of course.”“Yeah.  That keeping you up at night at all?”He glances sidelong at Murdock and is surprised by the slow smile creeping over his face.  Each perfect tooth gleams like a fang.  “No,” he says, his voice low and amused.  “That’s not keeping me up at night.”For some reason Foggy feels a prickle of heat along the back of his neck.  “Well, I wish you joy of your peaceful slumber.  Unfortunately, some of us have a little too much work for that.”They’re on the st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

