Chapter 1: Mayday Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony walked into the board room, a serious look on his bearded face. He glanced around at the others with tired eyes- he'd clearly been up for hours, before he called an impromptu Avengers meeting at 4am. Natasha, Steve, Clint, Thor, Bucky, Bruce, Wanda, and Sam all sat around the long table, looking sleepily at him. Clint and Wanda were still in their pajamas. Sam looked the sleepiest; since he didn't currently live in the tower he'd been given the heads up a few hours ago and had driven there. No one knew where Vision had gone off to. He was a little odd. “We have a potential addition to the team.” Tony slid a stack of files onto the table, one to each person. They all opened the folders and read the dossier. “We need to plan an extraction.” “An extraction? For a manicurist in Baltimore?” Sam raised an eyebrow. “I can just, you know, drive my car and pick her up. You know that right?” Tony frowned. “She's a little more dangerous than meets the eye. Keep reading.” Natasha finished the page and looked up. “No problem. Clint and I can just go knock her out and bring her back.” “I can go grab her. She'll never know what hit her.” Bucky chimed in. Tony rolled his eyes. “I said extraction, not kidnapping.” He paced back and forth. He'd had his eye on this woman for a while, but wasn't sure. Now, with what had happened just last night, he was positive. They needed her. If not on the team, then at least to teach her to control her powers. “She's made six blocks of Baltimore go radio silent. Power is out.” “How... how did she do that?” Thor leaned an elbow on the table. “Is this magic?” Tony shook his head. “No. I think she... Bruce, you want to explain it?” Banner looked up from his end of the table where he'd been nodding off. He'd known about her since Tony had found her, amidst a large number of power outages in the same area of Baltimore. He'd been studying the patterns, and had gotten her medical records. “She drains power, when she's out of control. We think she can harness it and electrocute people, recharge objects...” “That's amazing!” Steve's eyes were wide. “What's not so amazing is that she has no idea how to use it. And according to her medical records, every time there's a huge power outage, she ends up in the Behavioral Health Unit. The energy she drains makes her manic.” “So she's insane?” Thor asked. “She's not crazy. She has an imbalance. There's a difference.” Wanda glared at Thor. He grimaced. “My apologies.” He said under his breath. “Where is the mark now?” Bucky questioned, straight-backed and solemn. He just wanted to take her down so he could get back to sleep. “So far, not in a BHU yet. Probably at home, getting more manic by the second. You'll have to be careful.” Tony warned. “I'm pretty sure we can handle a manicurist.” Natasha raised her eyebrows. “What do you think your electrocution weapons will do to a woman who absorbs electricity? Bucky, how bout your bionic arm? She could sap that, too. I can't go in in my suit- I'd give her enough power to do God knows what on accident. Neither can Jim, which is why he's not here. Sam, you can't use your wings.” Tony sat down and steepled his fingers. “We have to go in low tech.” “I'm going to have one arm??” Bucky frowned. “I didn't say she would sap your power. I said she might.” “Aces.” Bucky looked annoyed. “So what do we do when we get to her? What are we even offering?” Steve asked, objective first in his mind. “We want her to come with us... for the public safety. And if we're lucky we can train her to control this power... and if we're even more lucky, she'll be useful and can join us.” Tony stated bluntly. “A manicurist? We don't need our nails done, Tony. It says nowhere that she has any fighting ability whatsoever.” Natasha looked at him. “I want to help her as much as you do, but it's not likely she'll be an asset. This is damage control at best.” “We also got hold of her IQ Test records. Along with a few other exams she's taken. Her IQ is near genius, she's excelled at everything she's ever tried with the exception of Chemistry, and she has the ability to possibly drain power. How is that not an asset?” “You could have put those IQ test results in the dossier.” Natasha sighed. “All right well, if we're going in, I'm suggesting either myself or “Dad” Barton talk to her.” “Can you stop calling me “Dad” Barton?” Clint scowled. “You're such a dad, though.” Nat goaded him. Seeing him scowl further, she added, “but seriously, you're good at talking to people. Either she'll connect with me because I'm a woman, or you because you're a... nice guy.” She stopped herself before she said “dad” again. “You're kind of an intimidating woman.” Thor chimed in. “Excuse me?” Nat snapped her head in his direction. “If you need to convince a scared mortal of something, sending in a warrior may not be the best idea. That's all that I'm saying.” Thor replied. “You aren't soft. Maybe Steve would be a better i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
winter soldier & original female character
winter soldier & reader
Bucky Barnes/ Original Female Character
Bucky Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
new avenger
Superpowers
Mental Illness
Bucky Barnes Fluff
bucky barnes smut
Avengers - Freeform
Avengers Assemble - Freeform
Power Outage
extraction
Sedation
The Winter Soldier - Freeform
New Friends
Adventure
Thor - Freeform
Bucky Barnes-centric
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
bucky barnes romance
winter soldier smut
the winter soldier smut
winter soldier fluff
bipolar
manic depressive
the winter soldier fluff
Bucky barnes x reader - Freeform
winter soldier x reader - Freeform
the winter soldier x reader - Freeform
a new avenger
Hydra
general yuri brushov
Nick Fury - Freeform
Black Widow - Freeform
clint barton - Freeform
Captain America - Freeform
tony stark - Freeform
warmachine
falcon - Freeform
Wanda Maximoff - Freeform
Vision - Freeform
maria hill - Freeform

fandom: 
winter soldier & original female character
winter soldier & reader
Bucky Barnes/ Original Female Character
Bucky Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

