Work Text:
Bucky hasn’t lived in the Tower for very long when the Avengers are called to assemble again.It’s their first mission since he moved in and no one is particularly thrilled at the idea of leaving him unsupervised. They stand in a circle, glancing warily at one another as if no one thought to come up with a plan for this eventuality and they're all now regretting it.Steve, too, is unhappy but for entirely different reasons. He looks upset at being called on and reluctant as hell to actually answer, distressed at the thought of leaving Bucky behind. Since reuniting, they haven’t been apart except to sleep; this is an entirely new and different obstacle for them.“Go on,” Bucky says, pushing his shoulder playfully, because, without the encouragement, Steve won't leave. “I’ll be here when you get back.”Around them, several people tense at the shove. They still look for him to hurt Steve; still watch them together, ready to intervene at a second's notice. None of them have realized yet that Bucky would rather lose his other arm than to cause Steve harm again.Oblivious to the rising tension in the room, Steve swallows nervously and leans closer than is strictly necessary. “Promise?”“Promise.”When they leave, Ms. Potts - who is, all things considered, the classiest lady he’s met since setting eyes on Margaret Carter - offers to cancel her meetings to keep him company. It's a kind and generous gesture but one that Bucky politely declines. There’s no reason for both of them to sit around with nothing to do and worry themselves to death about their reckless guys. Someone might as well keep busy, even if it isn’t him.Instead, he heads back to Steve’s floor of Avengers Tower and manfully hides in his room, waiting out the hours until Steve returns.*It’s the crash - shattering glass like a gunshot in the silence - that brings Bucky out of his room.Night has long since fallen outside, the bright lights of nighttime New York twinkling at him through the tinted glass walls, and the only light source in Steve's apartment is a soft glow coming from the kitchen. He was sure that wasn't on when he was last out here.Bucky sprints towards it quietly, knife in one hand and a handgun in the other, his mind already quieting as the Soldier's instincts take over; promising to lead him to the other side of the battle. Technically, he isn’t supposed to have either weapon - Stark placed a no arsenal allowed for previously brainwashed assassins rule on the Tower and then amended it to add other than Natasha Romanoff when she raised an eyebrow at him - but what Stark doesn’t know won’t hurt him.When he rounds the corner to stand in the kitchen's archway, he definitely finds a battlefield. It just isn't the kind he expects.An overturned container rolls on its side, spilling dried pasta everywhere, and half a loaf of bread spreads crumbs everywhere, dumped out of the package. The silverware drawer is pulled out so far that it’s sure to fall any second now, glinting faintly in the dim light. The refrigerator stands wide open, contents spilling out of it, and a broken jar of pickles - the source of the sound - makes a mess of the floor, juice spreading in all directions.There is Steve in the middle of it all, slumped on the floor and allowing the juice to soak into the fabric of his knees. His expression is just as shattered as the jar itself.He still wears his Captain America uniform and it’s torn, covered in dirt and grime and blood. Only the cowl and gloves are missing to make the uniform complete and without them, Bucky can see soot in Steve’s messy hair, his bloodied knuckles and torn nailbeds cuts marring the pale skin of his face. His entire body is tensed and trembling, hunched shoulders drawn up around his ears like he’s trying to make himself smaller. He doesn’t move and he doesn’t look up.Something deep inside Bucky aches to see him this way.“Steve,” he says roughly but he doesn’t seem to be heard. “Stevie.”Still nothing.Stepping into the kitchen carefully, he closes the silverware drawer and then lays down his weaponry on the counter; blade and barrel aimed at the metallic gray walls. Sliding his hands under Steve’s armpits as gently as he can, Bucky hauls him up to his feet and away from the spreading mess. Steve’s knees give out twice before he finally gets his feet under him as if he can’t take his own weight at the moment. Bucky keeps him close, allowing Steve to lean on him for support.“Stevie,” he says again and grabs at Steve’s face with his flesh hand. On instinct, he adds, soft and sweet, “look at me, sweetheart.”Bucky has no memory of ever using the endearment but the shape of it is familiar in his mouth. The change of cadence in his voice, the slight variation in accent; that, too, feels inexplicably right. It’s comfortable, like an old, threadbare t-shirt that still fits just right even though it hasn’t been worn in years.So much of Bucky’s life now is made up of instinct rather than memory that he doesn’t even
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hand Feeding
Bathing/Washing
Dom/sub
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Just the Tip
Minor Negotiation
Praise Kink
Pet Names
Shower Sex
Schmoop

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

