Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was early and the motel diner was mostly empty - the truckers had already cleared out; the families were still waking up. Bruce listened vaguely to the television precariously shelved above the counter and largely ignored his companion, who was muttering to himself as he tapped at his cell phone.Tony abruptly stopped tapping and, with a magician’s flourish of his hand, looked up.  “Okay, I realize this could appear to be poorly conceived - to those of limited vision - but what you have to understand is, I’ve actually just had the greatest, most outstanding idea ever.” Tony’s eyes searched heavenward and then he nodded soberly. “Yes, I believe history will consider this my triumph.”Bruce stared at him from across the table, his empty fork paused in descent.Tony pushed his phone to the side and leaned forward urgently. “Wait, hear me out.”“I am hearing you out.” Bruce gestured to his plate with the fork. “Eating pancakes. Drinking coffee. Hearing you out.”“Huh. Usually people have started edging away by now. Or saying ‘no’ a lot and looking disappointed in my life choices. Weird.”Bruce shrugged. “They’re good pancakes. Tell me your plan.”“Please.” Tony raised a corrective finger. “My outstanding plan.”“Sure, tell me your outstanding plan.”“One word: twine.“Bruce paused again, this time with his pancake halfway between plate and mouth. “Maybe two words?”“I’ll go to six, I’m just that kind of guy: the world’s biggest ball of twine.”“You want to build one?”“Why? I could just buy it, unravel a sweater and set a new record.” Tony rolled his eyes at the obvious. “No, I want to visit it. I want us to visit it. Classic road trip.”“And why would we - I - want to do that?”“Because - according to my research - it’s part of the proud, spiritual heritage of our nation; because it’s our duty as citizens. Because, Doctor Banner, I have nuked hostile alien forces, but I’ve never seen a ball of twine so large it has tourists orbiting it.”“Uh huh.”“Or there’s coffee pot houses.” Tony warmed to his pitch. “Did you know there are buildings shaped like coffee pots? And now you do know, can you think of anything more important or life-affirming than finding them?”Bruce looked down at the phone by Tony’s elbow and, after raising an eyebrow for permission, took it. He swiped through the screens, running an eye over the apps. Most had sleek icons for, he suspected, custom software, but one, right at the end, stood out like … well, mostly like a green and yellow icon with a sign and a car on it.The car looked like it was swerving off a cliff. So that boded well.Tap.“Roadside America,” he read. “Never miss another giant twine ball.”Eyebrow still raised, Bruce slid the phone back. “You’re that mad at Fury, huh?”“I don’t get mad.” Tony sat back again, looking slightly pensive. “I get … deeply interested in twine. Come on,” he coaxed. “It will make sure - what’s his name? Agent Crank-something, whatever - make sure the replacement babysitter earns his paycheck.“Plus, it will provide invaluable on-the-job experience for Fury’s newest, shiniest recruits and give you some quality time out of the lab so you can prove to the powers that be that the big green guy is under control.“If you think about it, I’m doing everyone an enormous favor. I should charge.”“And what if the other guy’s not under control?” Bruce shook his head. “He’d be loose in heavily populated areas full of families. Full of kids. ‘Poorly conceived’ doesn’t even begin to cover it.”Tony snorted dismissively. “It’s twine and coffee pots, how populated can the area even get?”Bruce said nothing while he finished his pancakes. Tony settled comfortably and tapped nonchalantly at the phone, as if he weren’t surreptitiously checking Bruce’s expression every few seconds.It was a terrible, terrible plan. Offhand, Bruce couldn’t think of worse, discounting anything involving gamma radiation. If history considered it at all - and this was Tony Stark, so it probably would  - ‘triumph’ wasn’t going to be the noun of choice.But.There was a whole past, and a whole future, waiting in sterile labs or on the fringes of cities a continent away; right now, he was kind of … it was good to be around people. Uncertain, a little shaky, but good: the first cloud clearing after the monsoon.And Tony was, well, he was Tony - but Iron Man wouldn’t let anyone get hurt.Right?He glanced up. Tony was pointedly looking away. Smirking.Fine.“I’m going to regret this,” Bruce promised, and drank the remains of a tepid cup of coffee.Tony’s smirk became a brightly encouraging grin as he reached over to clap Bruce on the shoulder. “Hey, only if we live.”-o-Tony’s cell rang while Bruce was in the restroom; he checked the caller ID and then answered as mechanically as possible, video off. “This is Tony Stark’s phone, he’s currently-““Available and talking to me, and late for the meeting he swore he’d make it back in time for.” Pepper sounded amused, so that was a good sign. Resigned at the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Road Trips
Humor
Maybe a little angst
Languishing
Twine

fandom: 
None
