Work Text:
The first time it happened, Tony was thirteen and about to be beaten up by the football team. He hadn’t meant to do anything, but it just happened.One moment Billy was swinging at him and the next he was flying backwards into the dumpster. Tony had all of five seconds to stare in utter confusion after him, wondering what the hell had just happened, before the rest of Billy’s friends began to crowd in on him.This time it was significantly more noticeable as Tony threw his arms up in self-defense, and all of them flew up and backwards to join Billy in comatose land as they hit their heads or landed on top of another.Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Tony scrammed.
The second time was only a short time after the first.Tony was in the kitchen tinkering with the fridge, as Howard had been complaining about it not cooling properly. That had only been five minutes ago and he’d gone to fetch some tools, but Tony was capable enough of seeing what the problem was and fixing it without the help of conventional tools.It led to him pushing the fridge away from the wall so he could get to the back. He’d just isolated the problem and was about to fix it when he heard a strangled gasp. Startled, Tony jerked and looked up, seeing Howard’s white face gaping at him at the same time that something crashed to the floor directly in front of his face.It was the potted plant that had been on top of the fridge. He must have dislodged it when moving the fridge and it had toppled over.But why was Howard staring at him like that?Ten minutes later, Tony had run off and hidden in his room, desperately wishing that he hadn’t just heard what he had from his father. He was a mutant. He could move objects. He had been levitating the plant above his head until Howard had startled him.The potted plant… If he hadn’t unconsciously levitated it, then he would probably be out cold or worse, bleeding from a head wound. He also had his subconscious to thank for that save back there at school.Howard had warned him to keep the ability hidden as it was freakish, and had looked frightened when doing so. As far as Tony knew, his parents were normal. Even so, he couldn’t understand why Howard would be warning him to be careful, and why he’d called the ability freakish. He’d worked with Captain America, and the guy wasn’t exactly within normal human limits.Besides, telekinesis? There was a world of fun to be had…
Tony Stark was a genius. Anyone could say that. Graduating high school at age thirteen? Building his first circuit board at four? Yes, he was a bona fide genius, and not just when it came to engineering, electronics, math, you name it. (Except for social interaction. Tony was a little lacking there. But who cared? Robots were so much cooler!) So when a genius like Tony put his mind to something, it got done. Even when dealing with something unknown like a genetic mutation that gave him the power of telekinesis, Tony was determined to figure it out. It was his body and he would know how it worked.Thus was the attitude that he went into MIT with. So on top of his career path (which was insanely easy as he’d tell anyone who asked), he explored his new abilities. But in secret, always in secret. Tony knew better than anyone what it was like to be different. Being a socially awkward genius was an entirely different thing than being a mutant, but Tony wasn’t about to write an essay on the differences of how much more estranged it would make him if he were outed to be one. For one thing, he disliked writing. For another, he knew people abhorred anything that was different. He’d sped through high school for that reason (that and to make his father proud, which hadn’t worked at all, but that was an entirely different story altogether).Back to the point… Tony Stark was a freaking genius, which meant that he could work on his degree plan and work on his new abilities. And so he did.He learned what worked and what didn’t. Drinking was a total no no after the first time he tried, got totally wasted, and blew up the fountain in the courtyard. The morning after had resulted in a horrible hangover and even more loss of control as he destroyed the plumbing, caused a campus wide blackout (he didn’t know how he’d managed that and could never replicate it when sober and hangover-free), and tore apart the computer labs (and he hadn’t even been consciously using his telekinesis!). So yes…no more drinking.By the time he graduated at seventeen, Tony had built an AI that he was calling Dummy and was relatively confident in his usage of telekinesis.He’d gone home, and while in the safety of his room had begun to build something using only telekinesis. Howard walked in, and practically exploded. They’d fought a lot over the last few years, but this was by far the absolute worst. From Tony’s ease at using his power now, Howard knew that Tony had been using his “freakish ability” at MIT, and demanded that he stop because it wasn’t normal. Tony couldn’t bel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony is a Mutant
Prompt Fic
The Avengers are Awesome
Denial
Friendship
Hurt/Comfort
Humor
Mild Suicidal Thoughts
Romance
Tony Feels
Developing Relationship
Pre-Relationship
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Break Up

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

