Work Text:
It starts, as many things do, because Tony has no concept labeled ‘too much information.’
They’re eating breakfast at the Tower, and Tony is telling tales out of school to Thor, fresh from Asgard and looking awfully happy about the fact that Doctor Foster is based in New York these days. Well, it’s hard to miss: Bucky’s pretty sure that anyone within three floors of Thor’s room heard their reunion last night, and Steve’s ears have turned pink every time he’s looked at either of them this morning.
Bucky kind of likes it when Steve blushes.
So breakfast ends, and the three of them head downstairs to the practice rooms, and Bucky says, casually, “You know, I’m pretty sure someone’s going to have to explain half that story to Thor at some point, and it ain’t gonna be me.”
Steve says, “Yeah about that-- I picked up some of it from context, although I’m not sure what a TARDIS is or why you’d put one on the roof of the MIT library. But I’m a little unclear about what he needed the handcuffs for and I haven’t got a clue what pegging is.”
Bucky looks at Natasha, a little helplessly. “Nat, you wanna jump in here?”
“Not really,” she says crisply, but relents. “Oh, fine. Steve, the handcuffs were for sex. As was the pegging.”
Steve’s ears turn pink again-- the man’s been fucking them both for six months, you’d think he’d have his blush reflex under control, but that’s Steve all over. “So what, exactly, is--?”
Bucky is tempted, so tempted, to let JARVIS handle this one, but he’s pretty sure it would get back to Tony and they’d never hear the end of it. “It’s sex with a strap-on, Steve. Where the woman fucks the man.”
And now Steve’s ears are flaming scarlet, his face pinking up too. “Um, okay. That’s. Um.”
Bucky slings a careless grin at Natasha, whose expression is, as always, carefully controlled. The corners of her mouth turn up, briefly. “The next words out of his mouth are gonna be ‘You can do that?’ Just watch.”
“Well, they would have been,” Steve admits, “but you beat me to it.”
There’s a companionable silence, Steve’s expression equal parts wondering, turned on, and guilty. Nat’s eyes are amused. Finally, Bucky says “We could try it, if you wanted.”
He didn’t think it was possible for Steve to get any redder, but shows what he knows. “I, uh-- I mean, that is--”
“Relax,” Bucky says. “It was my idea. You in, Nat?”
She raises a considering eyebrow. “Might need to do some shopping first.”
“Oh, god,” Bucky laughs, and gestures at Steve. “We’re not getting him in a sex shop.”
“I’m pretty sure this is why they invented shopping on the Internet,” Steve says, a little primly. “But, um. If you wanted to.”
A week or so later, a plain brown box arrives at the apartment Natasha keeps for plausible deniability, because sending it right to the Tower would be asking for trouble. Its contents come to Steve’s room in said Tower, because he’s got the biggest bed.
“So, um.” Steve looks uncertain, and he’s blushing again. Bucky smirks sideways at Natasha, who laughs one of her rare, unguarded laughs.
“Go on,” she says, fond and amused. “I like to see you two.”
“C’mere,” Bucky says. He wraps a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulls him in for a slow, lingering kiss. Steve’s not quite so pink by the time they break apart.
They undress each other carefully, and maybe Bucky’s not the only one who’s tense with anticipation. Once the clothes are all off, Natasha pushes Steve back toward the bed, until he’s sitting up against the headboard, legs splayed out in front of him. Natasha pauses a moment, kissing him while Bucky watches appreciatively. God, but they’re gorgeous, and all his. He’s a lucky son of a bitch, sometimes.
Steve kisses Natasha until the tautness goes out of her shoulders, until her movements are loose and gentle instead of sharp and controlled. Not for the first time, Bucky thinks about what a fucking disaster he and Natasha would be, without Steve to remind them both that they’ve got hearts under the scar tissue.
Natasha stands back up, a small satisfied smile playing around the corners of her mouth, and now it’s Bucky’s turn to be led over to Steve’s big bed and settled into place.
She arranges him between Steve’s legs, head tipped back against Steve’s warm broad chest, the two of them just breathing together while Natasha puts on the contents of her plain brown box. Steve’s hand skims across Bucky’s stomach, and his breath hitches a little when Steve strokes his hardening cock and bends to kiss his throat. His grip tightens on the sheets.
He could always feel pressure with the prosthetic arm, and now a little bit of sensation in the new one Tony made for him, but it’s blunted, remote, and has the odd side effect of making his good arm feel more sensitive than it ever did in the old days. So Steve’s free hand stroking along the skin on the inside of his wrist is almost as unbearable as Steve’s other hand jerking him off.
“Slow-- nn. Slow down a little,” he murmurs, and wriggles back against Steve’s own
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Pegging
Winter Soldier - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

