Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
I don't need a husband, don't need no wife
 And don't need the day, I don't need the night
 And I don't need the birds let them fly away
 And I don't want the clouds, they never seem to stay
-Florence and the Machine, Leave My Body
 Snow.She could hear it crunch around her and she thought about keeping very still as she lay, registering that her fingers were numbing as they curled around the cold snow, soft but yet still digging under her fingernails and sending shivers through her entire body. No color, but she figured it made sense because her eyes were closed. When she listened, she could make out the sound of voices, distant and muffled. As though her ears were plugged up with cotton balls.“I’m glad you were able to make it to her bedside. Very impressive,” she was able to focus on someone speaking near her. Male. Soft-spoken but authoritative. Her brain started categorizing and parsing, collecting any information given without even knowing who was speaking.  Observe, she repeated to herself as she listened. Even though she couldn’t quite put her finger on the meaning behind his words, she felt relieved to at least hear them, because it meant that she was alive and that she wasn’t alone.“Is she okay? Is she going to wake up?”And then there was a second voice, one that hit her consciousness suddenly, as though it had combed through thick branches to reach her. This one is familiar. A steady baritone that warmed her up, as much as sounds can do that sort of thing.Oh good. He’s here, I can go back to sleep, she felt herself relax into her thoughts. Because she was tired. And curiously sore, her muscles heavy and groaning as if she’d just fought her way through hell. There was a muddy and dull pressure in the back of her head and it hurt to breathe, but it was something she decided she could worry about later because he was there.“Oh yes, definitely. Must have hit her head on something before you two came in but she’s just as lucky as you are, Señor Roberts…”At the mention of his name, her brain snagged, like someone stepping on an icy twig to interrupt her rest. It was annoying, didn’t feel right and her fingers twitched just at the sound. The throbbing behind her eyes intensified and she knew she should probably try to get up, except that the snow was so soothing and she really didn’t want to move…“Señora…” the original voice called out gently, “Señora Roberts, good morning…”“Should I…”“Yes, of course you can touch her.”And then the ice around her hand felt warmer.   As much as she had felt comfort in the snow, the warmth did feel better. Enough that she wondered if maybe she could get more of it, if maybe she could be convinced to move out of the cold after all…“What do I call her…”“Of course. Natalie Roberts, according to identification but I don’t know if you have any other names. A nickname. If you can recall…”“Right. Natalie…” the voice repeated slowly as though it was new information.She curled her fingers because in fact, she found she wanted more of the heat on her hand. She was tired and cold and her skull pulsated but she liked the heat, the way it felt soft instead of sharp and cutting. It made her want to move.She hadn’t figured it out until a steady beep poked through the cloudiness of her mind, because that that didn’t fit with her original information, that she was laying somewhere in a snowy wilderness, the pain peaceful enough that she thought she could rest there forever. The beep merged with the warmth of her hand and then she could feel her toes again, could feel a new consciousness creep through her. Like a curtain being lifted, slowly and deliberately.She wasn’t in the snow. It didn’t fit, not with the beeping and the context of the voices and the heat.“Nat…Natalie…” the baritone called out, in tune with the feel of something tickling the back of her hand. And then an insistent stroke on her hairline. Nurturing. She wanted to lean into all of it, the sounds and the touch, even as heavy as she felt.“Your wife is just taking a little nap, Señor Roberts. I’m sure she’ll wake up shortly. I’m sure I don’t understand just how you both made it out without more…”They couldn’t be talking about her. Made it out of where? Without more of what? She willed her body to move or kick or something because the word wife didn’t make sense at all. Something was not right or logical and the only way to set things straight would be to say something.Even if the labels didn’t make sense, it was enough to orient her because then she knew she wasn’t actually in snow.Not snow.Not snow at all.A bed. A stiff mattress and a scratchy cotton blanket.She let her mind go back to categorizing the information she had. Not snow. Men. She didn’t want to open her eyes, didn’t want to leave the comfort of the quiet but it was not snow and someone had to say something. Whether she liked it or not, because they were ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
WIP
Amnesia
Mistaken Identity
Fake Marriage
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Chile - Freeform
Steve Feels
Natasha Feels
Angst
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
I Don't Even Know
double amnesia
no one knows anything
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Domestic Avengers
Trust Issues
Clueless Men
hawkingbird mentioned
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining
Sexual Tension
uncooperative characters
Resolved Sexual Tension
a little blood and gore in ch 12
Magical Healing Cock
Its Steve's OK no body better be shocked by this
Mind Control
Pregnancy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

