Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Jotunheim:It couldn’t be, it just couldn’t…not in few millennia could it be possible for the sight Laufey just witnessed with his own eyes. Prince Thor Odinson and a group of warriors had marched into Jotunheim demanding answers of the ruined coronation ceremony, and while Laufey offered them a chance to leave one of his own warriors goaded the foolish prince into battle. A fight broke out, and the warriors seemed to hold their own until two were injured, one stabbed by an icepick and the other burned from the touch of a Jotun’s skin.‘It’s…’ Laufey’s eyes widened in shock when he saw one warrior grab the younger prince’s arm and it began to turn blue. He looked closely at the boy, and the face resembled that of his beloved queen Farbauti who had been killed the night they lost the casket to Odin the Allfather. He watched as the boy killed the Jotun holding him, and saw the shock on his face. Did he not know? Odin had stolen Laufey’s youngest child, and kept his heritage from him? He would have to fix this, after all if he knew how the Allfather worked he would be showing up soon.“THOR!!” the female warrior cried out holding the wounded blonde one.“WE MUST GO!!” the younger prince screamed. “THEN GO!”  the foolish prince continued to battle, he enjoyed killing of those he believed were beneath him. He was so much like Odin had been at that age, but Odin had grown up. The other Jotuns chased the group to the ice cliffs, and they called for the gatekeeper but received no response. The giant ice beast Laufey summoned went over the cliff, but just as they were surrounded a light shot down from the sky and Odin appeared on a horse with eight legs. ‘Allfather…’ Laufey nearly growled.“Father! We’ll finish them together!!” the prince boasted proudly but Odin glared at him.“SILENCE!” he was not please, and Laufey made his way to the top to face the old king.“Allfather, you look weary.” he leered at the man, Odin looked so aged but Laufey felt no pity for him.“Laufey end this now, there need not be any more bloodshed today.” “Your boy sought this out; this is an act of war on his part.” Laufey looked to both princes, and locked his eyes on Loki. “Yet I agree we need not fight, if you agree to a condition.” “And what is that?” Laufey looked at Loki again; he saw the fear in the boy’s eyes clear as day but the mask was back up.“Return the child you stole from me, and I will let your real son leave with you and his allies.” the warriors all gaped. Even the Jotuns around their king were shocked.“How dare you accuse my father of such allegations!” the golden prince held up his hammer ready to strike but Odin stopped him.“Your condition is a great one Laufey, but I stole no child.” Odin looked at Loki. “I saved him from the temple, he was left there.”“For protection.” Laufey glared. “My queen and youngest son were in the temple for protection in the war, and when I went to find them my queen was dead and my son was gone. Now I find that you took him from me, when I feared the worst.” Odin seemed skeptical, but Laufey wasn’t backing down. “You took the casket, our livelihood, and you stole my son Loptr.” “Laufey…this is still something I cannot agree to immediately, we will need time.” “Father you cannot be serious!” Thor stood in front of Loki, and Odin sighed. It was clear to Laufey the man likely did think Loptr was abandoned, but it was no excuse.“You will give me time to consider, and you will have your answer.” Laufey looked and knew this would not be easy, but either way he would not give up the chance to have his youngest child back.“I will give you three days to contemplate this, and if you do not agree we will enact war. We will not ask for the casket back yet.” Odin nodded and turned to his son and the rest.“We will return to Asgard now, Heimdall!” the Jotuns moved back as the light carried them away. Laufey stared up in the spot where the light vanished, and by his side came his firstborn son Helbindi and his second born Bylsteir.“Father, was that truly our brother?” they too had seen the younger prince, and almost couldn’t believe it. When their mother had died they were grief stricken and more when their baby brother vanished, now to find out their Loptr was alive it was almost impossible to believe.“It was, and we will have him back.”“We must wait then.” Bylsteir growled, he had been furious about the Asgardians from the war, and now it angered him to know their brother had been taken and raised among them.“Yes, and regardless of his decisions the Allfather will return him to us.” Asgard, Bifrost gateway:“Father why did you agree?!” Thor was furious when they returned to the gate, and while the other warriors went off to the healing rooms Odin angrily turned to Thor.“Do you realize what you’ve done?” he had never been so angry with Thor, to disobey his orders and now the secret of Loki’s heritage was almost out. “I am the future king of Asgard, the kingdom needs to be 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Fárbauti/Laufey
Frigga/Odin

freeform: 
Laufey's Good Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting
Protective Thor
Poor Loki
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Does What He Wants
Sif is a bitch
Thor Feels
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Attempted Murder
Fluff and Smut
Mpreg
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Fárbauti/Laufey
Frigga/Odin

