Work Text:
 “I want to fuck him,” Steve hissed into the phone with a certain amount of desperation for advice, referencing an earlier conversation he had with Sam where Steve had insisted that he was just agreeing to the blind date for the free food.  “I can’t take him back to my apartment, the toilet is still backed up and I’ve been peeing in the tub and brushing my teeth in the kitchen sink.  I haven’t washed my sheets in 5 weeks, I don’t know if I have any condoms left, and I’m pretty sure I’m not wearing antiperspirant and the moment this jacket comes off, it’ll be noticeable.  This date wasn’t supposed to go well!  It was supposed to be an excuse for free food, and I know you warned me but you can say ‘I told you so’ later.  What do I do?” he appealed into the phone.  “I’m freaking out.” There was silence on the other end of the line.  It lasted so long that Steve pulled the receiver away from his ear and frowned at it. Pay phones were old.  Maybe this one wasn’t working despite the obvious dial tone when he picked up. “Ok,” a stranger’s voice said over the phone.  “First acknowledge the fact that you dialed the wrong number, but be quick about it because my cab is a few blocks away from my own plans and I’m about to drop some truth bombs on you.” “What?” Steve questioned. ”Sam?”  He knew how it happened, of course.  He was tucked into a corner in the back of the restaurant furtively talking into a pay phone while his cell phone was on the table next to Peggy.  She had given him an extreme look of warning when he excused himself to go to the bathroom, like she thought he’d run out the back door.  Peggy had known him for years, she should have more faith in his ability to face a problem head-on by now.  So he’d smiled at her, at her boyfriend, at his own date, and then left his phone next to his napkin and made a hasty retreat. The payphone had just been fortuitous.  He must have dialed Sam’s number wrong from memory. “Second,” the stranger’s voice drawled over the line, “I’m assuming you’re an adult.  You mentioned your own apartment and your voice is a hundred percent adult male, even if what you’re saying screams fifteen year old boy whose sexual experience is limited to touching his own dick.” “I’m twenty-eight.” “Then act like it!  If he’s not offering up his own apartment, then you don’t have to offer yours. If it’s going as well as you think it is, then go out again.  If you’re really that thirsty for it, pull him into the bathroom and get him to blow you.  You won’t have to take him back to your place or take off your jacket, but only if you have a condom on you.  Safe sex is good sex.  I know you’re a teenager and all, but remember that.” “I can’t just pull him into the bathroom…” Steve answered in a scandalized tone.  He felt a bit foolish, crouched protectively over the receiver of the pay phone as wait staff walked by him to get in and out of the kitchen.  “Can I?” “It’s easy enough.  Just tell him you’re going to the bathroom and hint that he should join you.” Contrary to belief, Steve had fooled around in a bathroom before, he just typically did it with people he was in a relationship with.  Someone he wouldn’t call the next morning?  A little more terrifying. “I already used the bathroom excuse to call you.  Or, well… you know.” The guy was silent for a moment, and Steve thought it was possible he was being laughed at.  Steve didn’t blame the guy.  “There are other places you can hook up.  Try an alley or the back of a cab.”  He could hear a muffled ‘sorry’ before the guy said, “I was told by this very nice cab driver to tell you not to use the back of a cab.” “I don’t think I’m the kind of guy to do that.” Steve could practically hear the shrug.  “So you’re not an exhibitionist, but you’re the kind of guy who is considering putting out on the first date. If all you want from him is sex, then fucking get it.  If not, get a second date and be more prepared next time.” “Yeah,” Steve took a deep breath, and he couldn’t quite believe he was about to take advice from a stranger.  Steve didn’t always take good advice from his friends. “Yeah, you’re right.  Thanks.” “No problem.  And, and hey! One last thing: for fucksakes, call a plumber!” Steve laughed and hung up. Really, that should have been the first and last time he heard the stranger’s voice on the other end of the phone.  It should have been. But it wasn’t. x.x.x.x. Steve was experiencing deja vu as he grabbed the cordless phone off the table in the hallway and ducked into the washroom.  The number he dialed almost rang out before someone answered with a half-formed word that could have been ‘hello’ or any other variation of acknowledgment. “Sam! I think my coworker is trying to set me up with her nineteen year old daughter.  She told me the entire department would be at her house, but it’s just the three of us.” There was silence on the other end of the line.  A familiar kind of silence that made Steve want to hit his head against the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Wrong Number AU
Romantic Comedy
Phone Calls & Telephones
Dating
One Night Stands
Steve accidentally calls Bucky for dating advice
Bucky gives good advice
Meet-Cute
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

