Chapter 1: The Offer
    




Chapter Text
 He couldn’t turn the damn thing off for one night! Spider-Man was swinging from one ledge to another, hoping the local disturbance at a construction site wouldn’t take the whole night to resolve. The police radio caught his attention when a description of a large "shadowy" figure was sighted at a construction site came through. Damn, that was the third ledge he almost missed since the shift as Spider-Man started. Tonight wasn’t his night. School work piled up, Jameson on his ass, still no girlfriend, barely can afford the webbing coming out of his web-shooters. He debated whether to call someone at the Avengers Tower for a favor to cover for him but he ran out of those a long time ago. None the less, the closer he got to his destination, the sooner he could end the sooner he could call it a night.The address led him to a soon-to-be shopping mall located on the outskirts of the city limits and it appeared that his symbiote-covered friend was nowhere to be seen. There were a few extremely bright halogen lights surrounding the premier that lit both the inside and outside of the building’s structure. Spider-Man quietly dropped from the ceiling to the third floor. Maybe he wasn’t dealing with Venom. Maybe it was just a few punks wanting to valdenize the place. Or maybe it was just a prank phoned in by a bunch of bored tweens. Spider-Man reacted quickly when he heard a distant metal clanging noise directly south of him. The noise was so loud, it echoed throughout the halls of the building for a few seconds. He climbed up the scaffolding; someone was watching him. He listened carefully but only heard the sound of his slightly elevated heartbeat until finally and loud crashing sound broke the silence. Great, if only he wasn’t falling from three stories high onto a marble foundation at the center of the atrium. There was too much debris to get an good safety shot of webbing but don’t worry, his back broke his fall. Then it was lights out for the poor superhero who wanted a simple Friday night to himself.Out cold, a black lively liquid instantly clung to the body of one Peter Benjamin Parker. It shredded the durable fabric material that was his classic red and blue Spidey suit; he won’t be needing clothing anymore. The newly arrived symbiote was hesitant to bond with a human but its companion insisted. From his caffs, the dark ooze slithered across the teen’s muscular body. The famous blue and red suit was fully consumed by the featureless pitch mass and left in its wake, was a black suit with a menacing looking white spider logo on his chest.-*-Predictable as always, though Spider-Man seemed to be a little off his game tonight. Spider-Man’s assumptions were correct, the massive muscular form turned out Eddie Brock or currently known as Venom. Sometime ago, Eddie and his symbiote would’ve given anything to see Peter Parker gasping for air from the choking grip around his neck. It wasn't until recently, Eddie came to the point that it wasn’t enough to simply destroy Parker’s life on some meaningless plot for revenge. There was a certain arrogance in the way the young freelance photographer would drop his proofs on Jameson’s desk. He saw the way Jameson’s eyebrow raise in admiration at the boy’s talent. Someone needed to put Parker in his place. To completely dominate him. There was something incredible intoxicating about Parker that he couldn’t describe. Through the old memories of Venom’s past host, Eddie saw many lonely nights where Parker laid on his bed, naked, stroking his cock while watching badly streamed porn on his phone. Eddie would use those memories to fuel his own jerk off sessions, making promises to his symbiote that one day, Spider-Man would be theirs.Venom pulled back his mask, revealing a handsome blond hair, blue-eyed man in his mid-thirties. He anticipated resistance from Parker of course, which would explain the unconscious young man being tied to a load bearing beam and what a very tempting situation they found themselves in. While securing Spider-Man’s arms, Venom was damn near shaking with pent up sexual frustration which fueled his hands to explore the wonderful hard planes Parker’s body. The texture of the new suit was something quite breathtaking for the lethal protector. It was so smooth, silky, unlike anything he’s ever touched. The matte soft black material outlined every muscle, every plane and angle; the superhero looked so utterly erotic. Venom closed the gap so that nothing was separating them. There wasn’t an ounce of fat on the kid as sharp claws stroke the trimmed sides of his back. Venom’s breathing increased, feeling his arousal shooting upward, sliding between Peter’s legs which then wrapped themselves around Venom's thick waist as the Spider slowly came to. The Newcomer pulled back, revealing the brunette face which was crimson red from his own growing arousal.
Our Spider! We must claim him! NOW! We can’t wait!
 “Fuck, not yet!” Eddie 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Symbiote - Freeform
Dominance
soul mates
Bond Mates
dub-con
non-con
Mind Control
Subtle Body Modification
Size Kink
Major Bodysuit Kink
Zentai
Frottage
Marking
Bonding
unbeta
PWP
Might turn into a story
JUST A HEADS UP THERES SEX IN EVERY CHAPTER
Well at least mentions of sex or masturbation

fandom: 
Spider-Man/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

