Chapter 1: Hot Legs
    




Chapter Text
Unfortunately, Bucky was a terrible friend.  The kind of friend who would lie about going to an art class, and then hide because he knew he’d be checked up on.He was able to admit, to himself but no one else, that he should probably try to get back into the world, which was exactly what Clint was trying to help him with.  Admitting that he should wasn’t the same as actually making the effort to do it, though. Which is how he ended up sitting in a tree in the parking lot of the crappy little VA center in this stupid little suburb with its horrible old ladies and their evil fucking cats.“Find your own tree, asshole,” Bucky snarled quietly at the fluffy orange demon shimmying toward him.“Peepers, no!” said the old lady.  And seriously, it was bad enough she was going to see him and call the cops, but she had to go and name her cat Peepers?  No wonder it ran away from her.She didn’t pull out a phone, though.  Instead, she tapped on the VA window and waved her arms at someone inside.A moment later, the world’s most perfect human being walked out the door to talk to her.  The sightlines from the tree weren’t the best, but the tantalizing glimpses of the guy’s long legs, slim hips, and breathtaking expanse of chest all combined to make Bucky almost grateful to Peepers, who was smugly sitting beside him now.Until, that was, Mr. Glorious started walking toward Bucky’s tree, saying, “Come on, Peepers, we can’t do this every week.”The old lady looked at the guy in a way that made Bucky wonder if she had planned all this, and he hated her just a little more, either for her plan, or for the view she was enjoying from that angle.By then, the guy had already noticed Bucky, as evidenced by the little hesitation in his steps as he came nearer.  Bucky intended to play it cool to the bitter end, though.  So when the guy got close, Bucky scooped up Peepers in his left hand (and the little squeals of claws on metal confirmed that to be a good choice) and casually held the cat out to Mr. Hot Legs.“Uh, thanks,” the guy said quietly, and of course his voice was lovely too, because Bucky’s life was just hellish that way.  “You need any help or anything?”“No,” Bucky said, probably too casually, but whatever.  At least they couldn’t see each other’s faces.  This was embarrassing enough.“Okay, well, thanks again,” he said, taking the cat.  “You saved me a climb.”  And then he just walked away.  The view was magnificent, and the fact that he hadn’t called the police was also pretty nice.  Bucky took a moment to enjoy both of those things while the old lady got her cat back and Legs went inside.Then he sighed and settled against a branch, waiting for the hour to finally be over so he could lie to Clint about art class on the way home and then lock himself in his shitty apartment for as long as possible.

* * *
Clint dropped him off again the next week, and Bucky went through the same routine of going inside the VA, sitting in the empty reception area until he was sure Clint had actually left, and then climbing his tree.At least this time the impending rainstorm would probably keep the local cat population at bay.Bucky sighed at the thought that being rained on for an hour was somehow the best case scenario for him.  He pulled his hood low over his eyes.The relative calm didn’t last, of course.  A few minutes later, Legs came out with an umbrella in one hand and a paper coffee cup in the other.  He made straight for Bucky’s tree.As he came close, he pulled the lid off the cup, and the warm rich scents of coffee, cinnamon, and cream wafted enticingly up to Bucky.“Hey, I brought you something,” said Legs.  “Here.”Bucky could resist many things, but apparently a perfectly built man with a cappuccino was not one of them.  He reached down almost automatically and greedily wrapped his hand around --The umbrella handle.To Bucky’s even greater annoyance, the word “But,” actually escaped his own lips before he could stop it.“Oh, sorry,” said Legs.  “The coffee is for me.  Although there’s another one just like it.  Inside.” “You seriously think I’d go in there just for a cappuccino?”“No.  I think you’ll go in there because if you don’t, then I win,” said Legs.  And he sauntered away, drinking the coffee with far more flourish than needed.Bucky spent the entire walk to the building trying to imagine what horrible thing must be wrong with that guy’s face.  Nobody works out that much unless they’re compensating for something.  Bucky would know, he worked out quite a lot.  (Bucky also knew his own face was damn fine, but that was irrelevant.)  The guy probably had a nose like Voldemort.  And a Hitler mustache.  Eyes the color of rancid piss.  Cheerful thoughts like these carried him past the reception desk, around the corner, and into the makeshift classroom, where Legs was setting out papers on the tables.  He looked up when Bucky stood in the doorway.There was definitely nothing wrong with his face.A second 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - No Powers
no powers
grumpy bucky
Past Violence
Past Child Neglect
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Humor
Fluff and Angst
puns
Bad Puns
Actual Knitting Content
Knitting
Period-Typical Homophobia
Homophobia 1990s edition
Fluff and Fluff
Fluff
Amputee Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

