Work Text:
Steve tried to stifle a whimper as the HYDRA agent fucking his ass stilled and pulled his dick out, painting Steve's ass and back with his come. Steve's hole was slack and gaping after taking who knows how many dicks, sloppy and fucked out and drooling. He tried to clench down against the humiliating trickling of come out of his used hole, but it was useless, and his face flushed with shame as his hole quivered and leaked uncontrollably, twitching and flaring like it was begging for more dick instead of trying to close itself up."Oh, look at that Cap." Rumlow drawled. "Your slutty little cunt can't even close up anymore, can it? It suits you, Rogers. You're such a whore, and your slack little pussy is gaping and begging for it."
Steve squeezed his eyes closed and turned his face away, shame crawling up his spine.Rumlow shoved Steve's head to the ground so his ass would be presenting itself upwards as Rumlow slapped Steve right over his slack hole, the impact shooting through Steve like a spark of lightening. Steve whined before he could stop himself."Tighten up!" Rumlow reprimanded, raining progressively more vicious slaps over Steve's already tender and painful asshole, taking no notice of Steve's bitten off cries and half stifled pleas. Steve tried to tighten up, tried to clench the aching muscle and seal himself shut so Rumlow would cease his spanking, but his anus was totally wrecked, the muscle lax and ruined from being reamed out too hard for too long with too many toys and dicks and stun batons, the sphincter stretched and abused until it was completely destroyed."Or is it that you like having your slut hole gaping all open and inviting?" Rumlow baited as he landed another burst of quick, sharp slaps dead centre over Steve's hole, which was still twitching and trying ineffectually to clench itself shut in protection. The irritated ring of flesh was already swollen and puffy from the dicks it had taken earlier, but the spanking turned it even redder, open and trembling and trying to swell shut, even though a little more swelling or puffiness wouldn't do much at all to close up a gape that wide and that sloppy."No?" Rumlow continued, grinning. "You don't like having your little pink hole all fucked out and sloppy?"
Steve clenched his fists tight together and tried to grit his teeth, but he couldn't stop a soft whimpered "no" from escaping his lips. He meant it as a plea for mercy or at least respite, but Rumlow took it as an answer to his question."Aww, that's okay, baby." Rumlow said. "You should have told me before we went and reamed you open, but I'm a good guy, Rogers, so I'll help you close up again. It's our bad, really. I should have remembered that worthless cocksluts like you need to work on keeping their holes tight, or no one would want to fuck them anymore. It's okay, slut, we'll close you right up.""N-no, please." Steve couldn't stop himself from begging when he saw Rumlow producing the riding crop. It wasn't particularly ominous, compared to the gun that he'd been forced to take at one point or the numerous stun batons discharged over his naked body before the fight had been fucked out of him, but it was an incongruously unthreatening implement, given that Steve was in one of the tightest spots he'd ever been trapped in."Shhh shhhh" Rumlow soothed. "It's alright, Cap, I'll make sure you're all swollen up tight again. I'm really good at it you see. I've kept your little boyfriend tight til now, and he's been having his ass regularly wrecked for seventy odd years."A lance of anger shot like lightening through the fuzzy haze of humiliation and shame clouding Steve's mind. The restraints on his wrists were heavy magnetic cuffs, and the dank underground cell he was being held in was outfitted with practical bars and a heavy duty lock. Businesslike. But the riding crop was gleaming black leather, the kind you'd find in expensive boutique adult stores, an absolute non sequitur in this environment. They couldn't have bought it just to fuck with Steve, and it wasn't until Rumlow mentioned Bucky that it occurred to Steve that the crop and the toys they'd used on Steve's ass and the silver clamps on Steve's nipple and the spreader between his thighs might have been used on someone else first. The rage swelled up behind Steve's throat and emerged as a vicious snarl."Aww, Cap." Rumlow's shit eating grin was just begging for his nose to get broken. "Don't be like that. He loves it. Begs for all those dicks in his ass fucking him open and then begs to be closed up so his ass wouldn't stop being useful. He loves being a good little toy, don't you see?. Rollins punched two fists up his ass at the last New Year's party, and I whipped his hole so good after he held three litres of an oil enema for half an hour before a drop leaked. Of course, I'd told him to hold it for forty five minutes, so I had to punish him and then make him do it again. He cried real pretty when I broke out the chilli pepper
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Gangbang
Spanking
Anal Gaping
Predicament Bondage
Humiliation
Verbal Humiliation
Asshole Spanking
Electrocution
Riding Crops
Stun Batons
Safeword Use
that is Steve uses a safe word but not when he's being raped
Happy Ending
Crying
hole spanking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Hydra Agents

