Work Text:
Clint Barton's used to suits barking orders:  Status report.  Sit-rep.  Update.  What the hell are you doing, Barton?  That last one's never a question so much as it's a "this is going in your file" kind of warning.  By now, Clint's used to the way his name sits in other people's mouths, like sour candy.   He knows as far as most of SHIELD goes he's something to be spit out rather than swallowed.It galls a lot of the college boys in suits that Clint's as good as he is at his job.  It makes it hard for them to suggest getting rid of him, and the last guy who tried out the "it's either me or him" routine on Director Fury was shown the door."And you," Fury said, pointing a finger at Clint.  It was surprising how menacing a one-eyed glare could be, and Clint immediately quashed the smirk he'd been wearing during the debriefing/firing.  "If you cost me one more good agent—""Are we talking about Agent Rand?" Clint couldn't help the skeptical eyebrow.  He really couldn't."I said, good agent, Barton, so no, we're not talking about former agent Rand."  Fury stood up and leaned forward on his desk so Clint was about eye-level with the patch, which was more than a little creepy.  "Your name has been coming across my desk a lot lately, and not in the good way.  You may be the World's Greatest Marksman, but if you continue to work on being the World's Greatest Pain in the Ass, we will drop you at the nearest circus tent, possibly from this carrier and without a parachute, and we will not look back.""Sir.""The only thing I'd better be hearing about you for the foreseeable future is that you hit your targets, and that you are a goddamn pleasure to work with.  Am I making myself clear?"Clint knew an invitation to retreat when he saw one.  He might not have gone to college, but he wasn't stupid, and getting paid to do what he did best was about the most anyone could ask for in life.  "Perfectly clear, sir," Clint said.Word about Rand's firing made its way through the ranks pretty fast, so now the suits mostly put up with Clint because they like their jobs even if they don't like him.  That's fine.  Clint can work with that.He knows he's got a rep for being difficult—"problems with authority figures," the shrinks like to say—and that's only slightly less problematic than his rep for being a few arrows short of a quiver.  You jump off one measly ten story building without a harness (or a grapple, or backup), and suddenly you're "crazy."But then SHIELD gets a new agent in charge of Field Operations and things start to change.  At first, he's nothing more than a rumor, a whisper down the comm lines, and all Clint knows is a last name:  Coulson.  As far as anyone can tell the guy's first name is "Agent" with a capital "A.""He's like a spook's spook," Malone says in the break room, and Clint's all ears.  He takes his time fixing himself a cup of tea.  Chamomile with honey and lemon.  He'd spent the last two days on a rain-soaked rooftop with Agent Sitwell, and his throat feels raw."I hear he's ex-Special Forces," Lind says."No way.  Definitely Army Rangers," someone else counters, and then the speculation really starts, everyone throwing their bits and pieces of gossip into one messy pot while they drink their coffee.Near as Clint can tell this Agent Coulson must be a robot or the result of some government experiment, either of which is not as far-fetched as he used to think before he started working for SHIELD.  Even he's heard the stories about them experimenting with super-soldiers back in the forties, and he can't get the image out of his mind that this Coulson's a seven-foot tall cross between Jean-Claude Van Damme and Duke Nukem except with a Men in Black suit and aviator shades.Everyone agrees Coulson's got to be ex-military, but no one can confirm what branch of the services he might've been in.  It's rumored he's a top-notch marksman, possibly a sniper even, and Clint bristles a little at the suggestion he might have serious competition.  He'll believe it when he sees it.  Apparently Coulson's also fluent in nine languages, can kick your ass in pretty much any martial art, and supposedly rescued six hostages in Afghanistan with nothing more than a Swiss Army knife, a bottle of Jack, and a Zippo lighter."He sounds like fucking James Bond.""He's Batman," Sitwell says, and the room degenerates into hoots and terrible Michael Keaton impersonations, which are ten times better than the Sean Connery and Pierce Brosnan impressions.On top of everything else, Coulson's supposed to be ex-CIA, ex-FBI, ex-MI-6, ex-NSA, and a few other acronyms Clint isn't familiar with.  At this point, Clint wouldn't be surprised to hear the guy can walk on water he's turned into wine, too."Maybe this Coulson just can't hold a job," Clint offers, and is pleased with the laughter that follows.Lind's shaking his head, and usually he's a guy who gets his intel straight, so Clint's inclined to listen a little more closely to what he has to say.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Friendship
Slow Build
Romance
Workplace Relationship
Humor
Angst and Humor
Injury
Hurt/Comfort
Developing Relationship
Slash
First Kiss
Marriage Proposal
First Meetings
Pre-Canon
Post-Canon
Fix-It
Backstory
Panic Attack
Relationship Negotiation
Archery
Dating
Action/Adventure
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

