Work Text:
It was never supposed to be Steve Rogers. Then again, there was no version of this story that went according to plan.I.Fury called the Avengers in on a Monday. By Wednesday, they were home on a SHIELD jet. There was blood on Captain America’s shield. No one said a word about how it had gotten there.Tony locked himself in his workshop on Thursday, and didn’t tell Pepper why. When he failed to come out for three days, she took a guess.--Tony Stark was a liar. Pepper Potts knew that better than anyone. Steve Rogers didn’t know that, not yet, anyway. He didn’t really know that Tony drank too much and pushed things aside and didn’t tell his friends the truth. He didn’t really know that Tony sometimes forgot to eat and spent hours at a time locked in his workshop if Pepper let him, sometimes working, sometimes hiding. She knew that Tony would smile and lie through his teeth when something was the matter, and never gave himself the room to make the mistakes he always made, again and again, always expecting a better, more perfect result every time.Steve was still learning these things, one day at a time.Pepper called Steve on the fourth day of Tony’s self-imposed exile, when she couldn’t get the workshop doors open with the security override codes he had given her. Out of the both of them, Steve was the only one who could beat the door down if need be. At least that was what Steve told himself when he answered the phone, recognizing her voice and name on the caller ID from the few times they spoke in passing. It had been a long week, and Steve’s still-healing ribs hurt enough to prove it, but he couldn’t say no, either.“I’ve tried, Rhodey’s tried. He’s still locked in there.” Pepper eyed Tony through the workshop doors, worrying the gold pendant at her neck between her finger and thumb. Inside Tony ignored them; still working over hot metal and machine sparks, making adjustments to the suit, modulations and recalibrations. She sighed. “This is the worst he’s been in over a year, and he won’t tell me why. He won’t tell me anything.”“I’m sure it’s not as bad as he’s making it out to be,” Steve only half-lied. He knew better but it wasn’t his place to get in the middle of Tony and Pepper, and what they were and weren’t talking about.“I know. And I’m afraid it might be worse.”“We all have bad days, Pepper. Even Tony.”At that, Pepper just smiled, small and hurting. “But you haven’t seen Tony’s bad days, Steven.”Steve didn’t know what to say, so he didn’t try. “I’ll get him out. Don’t worry.”--There was fresh coffee upstairs. She offered him some and he wanted to say no but said yes anyway. It felt a little disingenuous at the time, in a way that Steve couldn’t quite nail down, to sit in Tony’s castle and sip coffee with his girlfriend. Maybe it was because he and Tony weren’t exactly friends, and Pepper still called him when she ran out of options. Maybe it was because Steve had been seeing less and less of Howard in Tony, and more and more of Iron Man. Maybe he just felt responsible.A HYDRA cell was moving alien weaponry into the United States. SHIELD was tipped off and Fury called in the Avengers. The plan was bogus, a front for a biochemical attack in Washington, D.C. Three bombs were discovered. One went off, down the block from a middle school. Captain America made a call but it was too late, and before Iron Man could stop it he was knocked out of the sky in the blast. Thirty-eight people died and nineteen were critically injured; most of them were just kids, eleven, twelve, maybe thirteen. It could have been far worse than it was. There was no telling that to Tony, though.“He’s been talking about you a lot lately,” Pepper spoke up, if only to break the silence, “with the team and the remodeling, and everything else going on. That’s the only reason I called you at all, really. I thought maybe you could talk him out of this…whatever this is.”“Oh.” Sitting on a stool at the island counter, Steve suddenly felt very small in Tony’s very tall tower. He tried to smile to compensate. “Well, I hope he hasn’t spoken too poorly of me.”Pepper laughed. “Not at all. He admires you, I think, in his own way.  Having you here has been good for him. The whole team has been good for him. He needs it.”“And I need him,” Steve said. “We all do.”“I know.” She smiled again, less painful than before. “That’s why I called you.”--With Pepper upstairs, Steve typed in the manual override code into the touch pad at the workshop entrance and watched the doors slide open.“Tony?” Steve leaned in the doorway, arms crossed. He had an apple he had taken from the kitchen. Pepper said Tony hadn’t eaten, and it seemed like a reasonable place to start. “Tony.”Tony was in a chair at his work station, leaning over his helmet and flanked by robotic arms carrying soldering tools and instruments, machining away the dings and scratches, buffing out the damage. He had five other suits now, and Jarvis could have easily made the repairs, but it wasn’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

