Work Text:
“Bucky, Bucky, Bucky,” Steve chants. Boxes are half unpacked, clothes strewn around, and their friends are laughing in the living room.“Gotta be quiet for me, Stevie,” Bucky croons, covering Steve’s mouth with his own. Steve moans as Bucky’s tongue flicks out and dances with Steve’s lip. “Don’t want everyone to know what we’re doin’ in here, huh, baby?”“They already know, Buck…,” Steve manages to say, head lolling in pleasure. “You weren’t very subtle.”“Shh, baby, details are not important right now.” Bucky runs his hands over Steve’s nipples, pinching and twisting until they’re hard peaks. “Just be here with me.”Bucky’s mouth trails hot, wet kisses over Steve’s neck, sucking at the protruding collar bone. Bucky loves how delicate Steve is and how beautiful he looks, all flushed and debauched. He can feel Steve’s hardness through the black skinny jeans, so tight they leave nothing to the imagination. He palms Steve’s erection, causing the smaller man to thrust his hips, attempting to get more friction.“You’re so beautiful like this, Stevie. Wish you could see yourself, so pretty,” Bucky says, eyes dancing over Steve’s naked chest. His metal hand slips under Steve’s back, making it arch off the bed. He takes careful hold of Steve’s small frame and lifts him with the ease that comes with a mechanical arm. Steve ends up straddled over Bucky’s lap, their erections rubbing together in a way that makes Bucky’s eyes roll back in his head.Steve claws at the loose shirt that still covers Bucky, trying to get it off. He manages to pull it over Bucky’s head, grinning at the way it musses up the brunette’s hair. It had been in a bun for moving, but strands had come undone, framing Bucky’s face.Steve runs his hands over the newfound flesh, nearly growling at the feeling of the hard muscles of Bucky’s pecks. Their tongues battle for dominance as Bucky’s metal hand sneaks down the back of Steve’s pants, slipping into his boxers.Steve tears himself away, throwing his head back in pleasure. “Fuuuuuck,” he moans, feeling one of Bucky’s metal digits circling his hole oh so slowly. “I need…in me…” he says, brokenly.Bucky makes no move to change his pace, gently circling around the tight muscle. His other hand hold Steve firmly to him, their chests flush with each other.Steve starts rolling his hips, trying to get Bucky to move quicker.“Oh god, Stevie, you feel so good,” Bucky whispers, licking the shell of Steve’s ear. “I love it when you rub up against me like that.”Steve’s arms clutch at Bucky’s neck, pulling him impossibly closer. He kisses down Bucky’s throat, making his way to the juncture of flesh and metal. Steve knows that the skin around the metal is super sensitive and will drive Bucky crazy. His artist hands trace geometric shapes up and down Bucky’s back and chest. Steve kisses Bucky’s left shoulder, getting closer and closer. He can feel the metal finger pushing ever so slightly into him, spurring him on.“Fuck, Steve,” Bucky cries when Steve’s mouth finally makes contact with his scarred flesh. It tingles and sends pulses of pleasure down Bucky’s back. Steve’s hot mouth and pink tongue flutter and lave over the seam of his metal arm, making Bucky’s cock twitch and release a flush of precome. “Oh Steve…so good,” Bucky whimpers. He’s determined not to give Steve what he knows Steve wants. With conscious effort, Bucky only presses gently against Steve’s hole, giving the feeling that he’ll go further.“Boys?” a voice calls from outside their bedroom door. A knock punctures their bubble of pleasure and brings them both back to the present. They’re moving into their new apartment. They haven’t unpacked. There aren’t even sheets on the bed yet. Their friends are in the next room taking a break.“Fuck,” Bucky mutters, running a hand through his hair. “What, Nat?” he calls, exasperatedly. Steve’s still kissing and licking his shoulder, making it very hard for him to create a coherent thought.“I have a present for you.”“Now?” Bucky cries. He muffles a moan as Steve gently bites into his skin, soothing it with his tongue.“I think now’s an optimal time. It’s in the living room. We’re heading out now, also. Clint says his balls won’t ever come down if he has to listen to you two going at it. Sam is starting to look a little green around the edges.”“We’ve got fucked up friends,” Steve mutters, never removing his lips from Bucky’s skin.Bucky runs a hand over his eyes, trying to clear his mind. “Thanks, Nat,” he calls, unable to form more words. They head Natasha’s footsteps fall away, some muffled voices, and the front door opening and closing.“Thank god they’re gone,” Steve says, finally removing himself from Bucky’s shoulder. The skin is tender and pink, shiny with spit and dotted with love bites. Bucky could come just from looking at it. So instead, he looks at Steve’s face. It’s only a little easier not to come. “Now I can make as much noise as I want.”Bucky growls, also glad they don’t have to stay quiet anymore. “Y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PWP
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny!Steve
WS!Bucky
shrinkyclinks
Switching
Double sided dildo
Handcuffs
Praise Kink
Breathplay
Comeplay
D/s undertones
Natasha is awesome
Wall Sex
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Precome
Aftercare
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Metal Arm Kink
orgasms for all
porn gifs at the end

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

