Work Text:
Inside the tavern is hot and stuffy, a pocket of comfortable warmth on a cold evening, one that you can stick your hand into and never want to pull out. Thor smiles indulgently, leaning on his elbows as he watches the festivities. It’s Volstagg’s day of birth, and the feasting has stretched from the morning long into the night. Aesir don’t normally celebrate this occasion, as they’ve far too many years to live, but Volstagg is one of the few who believes there’s always good cause and time for celebration. Like every good triumph, even one as simple as the passage of time, Volstagg decides they must celebrate with food. And drink. This one establishment had ale finer than even amongst the storage bales in the palace. At least, that is what the drunken patrons would have him believe.Sif and Fandral guzzle down another set of drinks before slamming empty tankards against the table as one. The various plates holding the bones and remnants of dinner clatter, forks tinkering to the floor. “How now, be careful there, I’ve not yet finished my cake.” Volstagg warns. He brandishes a large wedge of pastry in his palm, sweet frosting lining his beard.Sif snorts and rubs the back of her mouth with her arm. “Let’s get another!”“Here here!” Fandral waves a hand and Hogun just sighs disparagingly, rolling his eyes in a not so subtle gesture. Fandral is a bit woozy looking, as they’ve been at this drinking competition for a while. If it’s nothing else, Aesir can hold their drink, especially to gain a win.Thor raises his own glass in high spirits, though he has not consumed as much as his comrades, saving himself for the impending battle with Hogun. For what Hogun lacks in talkativeness he makes up for in spades during a battle of tongue-loosening ale drinking. There’s nothing more amusing than to hear a bravely losing Hogun get up and sing. Much too bad that Hogun usually found a way out of competing to spare himself the embarrassment. He had a lovely voice.Thor grins, and then the door to the stuffy tavern is thrown open. A gust of cool night air rushes in, bringing with it Loki, dark robes flapping out in front of him until he shuts the door.“Brother,” Thor greets getting up to wave Loki towards their table in the back. His brother spots them and though he makes a rather quick beeline, it is evident once he’s closer that there is a bored sneer curling up his lips.“Thor, you’ve missed the lessons.” He reprimands, placing hands on slim leather-clad hips. “Oh,” Thor is sheepish as his friends snicker at the admonishment from his little brother. “I know, but it is Volstagg’s day!” He gestures with his frothy mug towards the rotund warrior, frantically chewing his way through a thick custard-topped tart.Thor reaches one bare arm out to steal a chair from a nearby table, propping it right next to his own. “Come, have a seat Loki. Celebrate with us.”Loki grits his teeth as though the mere thought of relaxing brings him vexation. His brother is truly angry it seems, with him. Thor puts down his drink and frowns in confusion.“Did I miss something so very important that you are here now to scold me?”Loki slides into the offered seat, but he more or less perches, like a bird wary of being so low to the ground. His bright gaze is sharp as he cuts eyes at Thor, planting one elbow against the table and twisting his mouth.“Only an important lesson on legislation that Father so kindly organized.”Ah yes, that was today then. Thor vaguely recalls hearing Odin speak of the meeting with some of his dustiest advisors. It had been a while yet since Thor and Loki had needed to attend schooling or classes and Thor had never been happier when their education was finished. He wasn’t the scholarly sort, like Loki, and preferred more to spend his time honing his battle skills or wasting time away in adventurous travels. Now though, after a near endless rule, Odin seemed to be thinking of a new coronation, and thus, thinking of his sons.But to be shut up in the palace learning the decrepit old laws and traditions of their world was so tired an exercise that Thor saw no point to it. Why should he bother to learn such dull things when he planned to rule as he wished once he was crowned? So attending such a lesson, the very idea of it bored Thor to tears. It’s no wonder he’d supported Volstagg’s decision to hold a party today.“Well, what’s done is done...” Thor laughs off his misdeed and winks at Loki. “Perhaps I can speak with old Agmund later. A private lesson. He does so love me after all.”Loki bristles and turns away, staring ahead with obvious discontent. “As you say, Brother.”“You’re always cooped up in the palace or in the pages of some new book.” Thor thumps Loki on the shoulder there’s another rattle of the table as Sif and Fandral throw down a set of tankards. “Have some fun with us!”“Aye, your face is pinched with discontent, Loki.” Volstagg says around a large content belch that has Sif waving a hand in front of her face. “Why not 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Drunk Sex
First Time
Brothers
Sibling Incest
Community: norsekink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

