Work Text:
It’s reassuring living in a city full of multiple superheroes. It means that, on days like today, when super-villains are attacking the city and Peter is without his suit, other heroes are there, ready to step in. 
Peter would feel bad about not joining the fighting, but the Avengers have arrived to take care of situation. The Avengers. They can certainly handle this without Peter interfering.

Instead, Peter works on helping panicked civilians. He helps an elderly woman who had fallen and was struggling to get up, and helps a crying toddler find his parents, who were hysterical after having lost sight of him in the pandemonium.

Peter catches sight of a man in the alleyway running off the main street, crouched, head in his hands, and immediately rushes over. He could be hurt. The man looks shaken up, hands visibly trembling against his temples.

“Hey!” Peter calls. The man goes stiff on the ground, shoulders tensing. Peter comes closer and smiles, kind and a little awkward, to show he means no harm.

“Need a hand up, pal?” Peter asks warmly, and extends a hand to help the man to his feet. 

Even with super fast reflexes, Peter doesn’t have time to retract his offered hand before the man lunges up, grabbing Peter and flipping him onto his back. The momentum knocks all the air out of him, his spidey-sense loud in his head.
Cold fingers press against Peter’s throat, cutting off his air, and a thick-soled boot stamps on his chest, pinning him to the ground.  Peter tries to push the hand away—a metal hand, he realises; had Peter accidentally stumbled upon a murderous cyborg?—but the man’s grip only tightens, and Peter splutters around choked gasps. The man stares down at him, long hair framing his expressionless face. “How did they find me?” he demands. Peter gurgles up at him. The man loosens his grasp enough for Peter to inhale hugely, gasping like a drowning man coming up for air.  “How did they find me?” Cyborg Guy presses. 
When Peter fails to answer for a second time, Cyborg Guy grabs a fistful of Peter’s hair and pulls. His boot remains pressed on his ribs, so Peter’s forced into a painful, stretched out position, his neck arched and exposed, head tilted to one side. The metal fingers are cold against his scalp. 

The man repeats, “How did they find me?”

“Who?” Peter gasps.

“You know who.”
“I really don’t.” The grip on his hair tightens, and Peter whines. His hands scramble against the unrelenting metal, trying desperately to pry the fingers loose. “Ow! Ow!” “How?” 
“Dude, I don’t know what you’re on about!” The man flips open a knife. His spidey-sense is screeching at the back of his head. Peter squirms and pleads around panicked panting, “No, no, really! I don’t know, I don’t know!”

The man presses the blade against Peter’s cheek. Blood wells and bubbles over, dripping down his face and onto his t-shirt. Peter’s been hurt as Spider-Man before. To a lesser extent, he’s been hurt as Peter Parker. He knows how to take a punch, a bullet; he can walk away from an ungraceful trip off of an apartment building with bruised ribs and embarrassed laughter.

But Peter’s never been tortured before.

“Please,” Peter tries, looking up into the man’s flat eyes, “I don’t know who you are, or who you think I am. I’m just a kid from Queens.”

Cyborg Guy holds the position for a long moment, one boot against Peter’s frantic heart, a fist buried in his hair, a knife pressed to his cheek. He searches Peter’s eyes, expression unreadable. Whatever he’s looking for, he doesn’t find it, and eventually moves away. 

Peter slumps against the pavement, like a possum playing dead. He dares to peer up at the man, and bites down a gasp. Cyborg Guy is shaggy, definitely homeless, but there’s something about him, in his eyes, in the way he moves, that makes Peter think he’s never been so close to dying as he is now.
The man crouches down and presses the blade against Peter’s throat. 
“If you try and follow me,” he says, “I will kill you. The only reason I’m leaving you alive is so you can deliver a message to them.” Peter has stopped breathing. He thinks if he breathed now, he might accidentally slit his own throat on the impossibly sharp knife. “Tell them, tell them—I won’t be their puppet any more.”
With that, the man retracts the knife, stands, and leaves. Peter turns onto his stomach and gasps against the pavement, trying to stave off a panic attack. The man and his metal hand has gone, but Peter still feels like he’s being choked. 
By the time Peter stumbles out of the alley on shaky legs—bruised, still spluttering, matching lines of red on his cheek and throat—the man has melted into the terrified crowd, and disappeared.
  

   
 
Peter intercepts a drug cartel several weeks later. He’d heard from Daredevil that the group had dangerous links—Fisk, Dardevil suspects, or maybe HYDRA—but Peter didn’t have any trouble taking the group down. 

Easy peasy—Peter webs the criminals up, anonymously calls the cops, and changes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Identity Issues
peter continues to regret everything
mentions of torture
peter is an embarrassing human being
bucky is remembering how to be a human being
Friendship
Peter & Bucky is platonic
Winter Soldier Trial
Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Returns
Recovery
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

