Work Text:
After Fury and Barton left, Agent Hill led them to a small conference room. "You can wait here," she said, gesturing for them to sit down. "I'll be in and out; there are things I need to take care of."Stark paced around the table, but the rest of them sank into the chairs. Steve suspected they felt as stunned by everything that had happened as he did. It had been one hell of a day."JARVIS, do you have access yet?" Stark asked the air. "We need to know where Fury's taken Barton. And I don't know about the rest of you, but I'd like to confirm Coulson's status among the living for myself.""I'm afraid I can't get through yet, sir," the computer answered. Jeez, that was eerie, the way it just followed Stark everywhere. "Wherever Director Fury has taken Agent Barton, it's wired separately from the rest of the carrier. I'm attempting to bypass, but it will take some time.""I don't like this," Stark muttered. "Pepper will want to visit Coulson, and why shouldn't she? Who knows what kind of doctors they have in this place; they're probably quacks. We need to move Coulson into the private wing my father built at Columbia Medical Center."That sounded like the kind of thing Howard would have done. "You sure that's a good idea?" Banner asked, peering at Stark over his glasses. "He doesn't sound like he's in any condition to be moved.""So we'll be very gentle," Stark said, waving his hands. "Seriously, he doesn't belong here, being cared for in some secret bunker in the middle of the ocean, don't you guys get that?""I agree with Stark," Steve said. Agent Romanoff looked at him and raised an eyebrow; he was pretty sure that meant she was on board. "I think we should wait until it's safe, but as soon as Agent Coulson is stable, he should be moved somewhere outside of SHIELD's influence." Maybe if that happened, Steve could let go of his anger at this whole situation."See? Steve agrees with me!" Stark said with his typical enthusiasm. "And, hey, would it kill you to call me Tony?""Fine. Tony it is," Steve said, the corner of his mouth lifting despite his efforts to remain stern. They were his team, and as Tony had pointed out, they weren't soldiers. They should be on a first-name basis. "How can we arrange to move Coulson? Agent Romanoff, what do you think?" He may have been ready to call Tony by his first name, but he wouldn't dare call her "Natasha" unless she asked him to."Clint's got Coulson's medical power of attorney," she said. "If he wants Coulson moved, he has that right.""What if Fury says no?" Steve said, because someone had to ask."Then we will take the Son of Coul without his permission," Thor said. Steve suppressed a sigh, because, yes, they would if they had to, but he'd really prefer to avoid it."You don't need Fury's permission," Agent Hill said from the doorway. Steve had forgotten about her, which was stupid and sloppy; he had to do better. "Not if I authorize it ahead of time, which I'll do right now." She tapped her ear and moved away again, speaking in a low voice."Well, that was creepy," Tony said, sitting back in his chair. "But handy, if she's telling the truth.""We still have to convince Barton," Bruce pointed out. "And Coulson, if he wakes up.""Why always with the doom and gloom, Bruce?" Tony asked plaintively. "After everything that's happened, do you really think Barton's going to want Coulson kept here?""He may not have a choice if he wants to see him," Agent Romanoff said, frowning. "He was compromised, and technically he went AWOL. According to regs, he should be confined to quarters.""I'll bet Agent Hill can take care of that little wrinkle for us as well," Tony said, but Steve wasn't so sure."If she can't, we'll have to make do," Steve said. "Yes, in whatever way we have to, Thor, but let's take it one step at a time," he added, holding up a hand to cut him off. "We need to consider every contingency. Does anyone have any paper?""The table is equipped with touchscreens, Captain Rogers," the computer said. Steve guessed he'd better start calling it JARVIS; it seemed like it was determined to be as much a part of the team as a disembodied voice could be. "I can save a record of anything you create.""We being monitored, JARVIS?" Tony asked. Steve should have thought of that. Sometimes all the new technology struck him as wonderful, but sometimes it just gave him a headache."I have a lock on all transmissions, sir," JARVIS answered. "Great, JARVIS, thanks; is Pepper awake?" Tony asked. "Don't bother her if she's not.""Ms. Potts is awake; she's been asking after you," JARVIS answered. "Shall I put her through to your phone?""Yeah, thanks," Stark said, taking his phone out of his pocket.He turned his chair to the side, but everything he said was still audible. Steve tried to focus on making the table show him their exact position within the carrier, but he couldn't help listening as Tony gave his girl the news about Coulson and instructed her to make arrangements at the hospital. At the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Established Relationship
tony stark - Freeform
Pepper Potts - Freeform
Bruce Banner - Freeform
Thor Odinson - Freeform
maria hill - Freeform
Nick Fury - Freeform
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers - Freeform
pepper potts/tony stark - Freeform

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

