Chapter 1: Hank, part one
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

By the time they get off the beach and to a hospital, Charles has been unconscious for over three hours and bleeding out into the sand for closer to six and there's just so much blood. Hank doesn't think he's ever seen someone bleed that much and somehow still be alive.

But Charles is alive. He's never going to walk again, but he's alive. Erik and Raven are gone but no one is dead and everything else they can deal with, surely.

Moira, who's been at the hospital dealing with all the paperwork, comes back to the house to tell them that the doctor thinks Charles had a miscarriage in addition to the incomplete spinal injury.

She doesn't look like she believes the words coming out of her own mouth.

Alex is the first one to speak, summing up the general sentiment with, "The fuck?"

Which makes Hank think, well if there was a miscarriage then there was a fetus, or possibly still a zygote but would a miscarriage at that stage even be called such? Perhaps it's a secondary mutation, similar to Raven's appearance being independent of her ability to transform her body--though that hypothesis really must be reconsidered based on the evidence from my own failed attempt to separate the appearance of my feet from my enhanced strength, speed, and intelligence--and anyway if there was a fetus to miscarry then there must have been fucking at some point, presumably with a man if Charles is the one who became pregnant--best not to think of that too closely, really--but who would Charles--

"Oh," Hank says. Erik, he thinks, but carefully doesn't say aloud.

---

Hank sneaks into the hospital after hours to see Charles. "They told you?" he asks, after Charles stops him from stammering trying to think of how to say it.

The sound Charles makes is close to a scoff. "They don't talk to me," he says. "Losing my legs apparently means I’ve lost my brain as well.” After a moment of tense silence, he sighs. “They don't really have to talk, I suppose." He waves a hand vaguely in the direction of his head. His lower arms are the only part of his body not held in traction after the last surgery. Hank is starting to feel claustrophobic just being in the same room, and wonders if Charles is projecting his feelings.

"Oh, well. We can of course find out more once you're home, about the cause of, um..." Hank can't bring himself to say miscarriage or pregnancy or fetus to Charles' face. "But it might be best if--"

"I need to wipe their memories," Charles finishes.

Hank nods.

"I can't do it like this. The narcotics... It's not working right now."

"When they send you home, then," Hank says.

Charles states at the ceiling. "Sure. When."

When is two months and three surgeries later. Charles is still on painkillers, even if they're not as strong, and he accidentally wipes any memory of his existence from the minds of the doctors and staff, instead of just the part about his impossible male pregnancy.

"Oops," he says, when he admits this to the others. He waits until he's off the medication before suppressing Moira's memories.

After she's gone, Hank tries to reiterate his offer to help find out exactly what the nature of this secondary mutation is. Charles tells him that he has no secondary mutation and the whole thing was probably just a doctor with an overactive imagination. There's nothing to study. Hank should really just forget about it.

Hank doesn’t forget, of course. He’s got an eidetic memory and he’s already seen the lab reports and medical charts. But they never talk about it again.

--- 

Charles decides he wants to turn the mansion into a school for mutants. A safe place for kids with nowhere to go. No one says Raven's name, but her influence hangs over the idea like a ghost.

"You want us to teach?" Sean asks. "You and Hank, maybe, you've got degrees and shit, but I didn't even finish my freshman year of college."

"I've only got a GED," Alex adds. "Because they make you finish it in prison."

"Well," Charles bites his lip. "Maybe nothing quite so formal as teaching school subjects. At least not at first. But you are both well versed in learning to control your mutations and that experience would be invaluable to helping others do the same."

"We'll need Cerebro," Hank says. The plans are already swirling in his mind. There's all that space in the basement, old bomb shelters and labs. He could build it there. The first design he'd built at the CIA had been constrained by the size of the dome he'd had available, but if he converted the largest of the bomb shelters he could potentially increase the range across the entire planet.

They throw themselves into the planning and recruitment. They mostly find older teenagers who've manifested during puberty and can't control their powers. Most of the kids have been thrown out of their homes and it's more of a youth halfway house than a school, but it's a start.

Then
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Mpreg
Miscarriage
Ableism
Alcoholism
serum/drug use
Kid Fic
doing all of these things while pregnant and caring for a child
medical knowledge from wikipedia
Mild Domestic Violence
Angst
Fluff
Happy Ending
Honestly Charles What Are You Thinking
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic
canon compliant (if you squint)

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

