Work Text:

~oOo~
It all starts when Dr. Doom decides that he’s going to wage war in New York. Again. Although really, considering how quickly he ends up being dispatched, maybe calling it that much is a joke. But either way, before he leaves he decides to cause as much as trouble as he can. He says that he refuses to go out without a bang, so to speak, and then proceeds to shoot at them.Tony— being ever the self-destructive, altruistic, maniac that he is—gets in the way of the blast, like an idiot who’s, incidentally, completely oblivious to any feelings of anguish on other people’s part in regards to his untimely death.Also, Steve wants it on record that no, he is not bitter, thank you very much.But he digresses.Either way, he needn’t have worried because when the smoke clears out, it turns out that Tony is totally fine. Actually, he’s covered in what looks like gold glitter and he’s sparkling in a way that’s got Clint and Thor cranking out jokes faster than their minds can keep up with, but otherwise he seems to fine.No one realizes until it’s too late that they should’ve paid attention to Doom’s crazy spiel. If they had, then maybe they would have seen it coming, what happens next that is.As it is, they all just have a laugh about it, with the exception of Tony who is sulking with the sort of tenacity that even a four year old would find impressive, and then they go back home.

~oOo~
When they get back to the tower, Bruce takes a whole bunch of samples to test. He says that the preliminary evidence suggests that it’s not dangerous. Also, he says, Tony had been wearing the suit when he was glitter-bombed, so there shouldn’t be any kind of backlash even if the substance did turn out to be less than harmless.Clint and Thor are still too busy being immature brats to really provide anything useful and Natasha just raises an eyebrow at them, calling them all idiots without ever opening her mouth, and walks away.Steve, well, he’s a little more concerned.But when he asks Tony about it, prying a bit to make sure that he’s okay, all he gets is a glib, “I’m fine, Capsicle!” and a pat to the shoulder. Steve would feel insulted at his trepidations being so easily flung to the side, but he can’t really find it in himself to be really irritated at Tony because there’s a small (miniscule, really) part of him that finds Tony Stark adorable and may sort of be in love with him, just a little, and it won’t let him really lash out at the other man in any way.So, with a sigh because this is just his life, Steve just smiles and nods, and pats Tony on his shoulder too before walking off and leaving Tony to his de-glittering.His smile only widens when, just as he’s about to be out of earshot, he hears Tony curse up a blue streak because the damned shit just won’t come off, goddamnit how is this his life.Steve can get behind that sentiment; he really, really can.

~oOo~
When it finally gets to be dinner time, everyone is treated to the sight of Tony who looks even more glittery than he had that morning. Seriously, it’s everywhere now, in his hair, his goatee, and there are traces of it all over his clothes. Hell, and keeping in mind that this might just be Steve’s slight smitten mind waxing slightly poetic, but it almost seems as though the man is glowing golden like some sort of Adonis or...And Steve stops himself there before it gets embarrassing.Still though, he sort of wants to ask Tony how the hell it had gotten from his armor and onto the rest of him, but he’d rather not provoke the sleeping dragon, so to speak.Tony seems to be in a bad mood, grouchy and jumpy and sort of jittery. Steve feels all sorts of compassionate because again, he’s sort of an idiot when it comes to the man. Besides, Tony just looks so pathetic and in need of affection, and Steve’s never been the sort of tough guy who can turn away from something like that.But when he goes to offer some kind of comfort in the form of a hand to the shoulder, Tony actually jumps and looks up at with him with pure, unadulterated terror in his eyes.Everyone else looks at Tony with wide eyes, in turn.As for Steve, well, he isn’t going to lie, he feels all sort of hurt by that. But he feels more worried at this point, because this is not normal for Tony. The man is the walking definition of tactile; he’s the man who drops touches without a thought, a hand to the elbow to catch someone’s attention, bumping someone out the way with his hips, falling on top of everyone during their designated Movie Night— Steve thinks that it has something to do with Tony’s deprived childhood, that he’s basking in the physical affection now that he finally has it.That thought is so, so sad that it makes Steve’s throat close and raises a sort of protective instinct in him that’s honestly a little overwhelming. But that’s not the point right now; the point is that Tony isn’t supposed to be unreceptive to touch, much less violently against it. That he’d reacted in such a manner is alarming.“Tony,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
tropey author is full of trope
sex pollen trope
steve has morals and scruples
god steve morals and scruples have no business being anywhere near this sort of situation
Porn With Plot
sweet steve angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

