Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It was supposed to be simple. Another emergency call, Loki had been sighted wondering about New York again and people were getting worried as they remembered the last time Loki said hi. But, by the time we got there, there was a dragon and 2,583 goblins that were ripping apart central New York. Great. The dragon was long and sleek with blotchy blue scales that helped it disappear into the bright sunny sky as it weaved through the clouds. The goblins were less glamorous. They had swollen murky green skin littered with warts and had beady pus yellow eyes that followed your every move as they planned their attack. They had sharp pin-like claws that tipped every stubby finger which they used to rip and tear anything in it's path. They would be stupidly tricky to deal with anyway but it didn't help that they were tiny! With their hands above their heads, they just reached above my knee. They were clearly just being used as a distraction for the dragon to do the actual damage but they were still terrorising civilians. The plan was simple, The Avengers only fliers (Iron Man and Thor) were going to take out the dragon whilst the rest of us tried to tackle goblins. The dragon was being used by Loki to destroy anything but the goblins were used as a distraction. A very good distraction. I was using two techniques; let them climb on me and then slam myself into the nearest wall (the bruises will be gone by tomorrow) or just stomping on them. None of the two were effective but I didn't exactly have a back-up plan. My back was groaning at me as the constant dull ache settled in my spine as I bent down to them to hit them. Hulk's technique was like a kid at a toy shop, get everything at once. Natasha was working as a guard for Clint who was too distracted with shooting them than to pay attention to those sneaking behind him. I sighed as I awkwardly lifted my shield again, they were too small to use the shield against so I had to just sling it across my shoulder and hope it didn't get in my way. But that was tricky as they kept trying to steal it, they never did but it was very annoying. I began to feel sorry for Natasha as she was practically kneeling in front of them. Her knees were going to be beyond sore tomorrow. I thought back to just this morning... S.H.I.E.L.D updated us saying it was most likely going to be a free day. Free days were so rare for the Avengers it was almost a shock to hear it. Usually there was a false alarm, fund-raiser, or meeting that took up the entire day or interrupted our free days. So, when we heard this, we all immediately rushed off to do our own thing. Clint zipped about the tower setting up different pranks designed to drive Natasha crazy. Natasha was then destroying said pranks just to annoy Clint. Thor has recently became addicted to children programs because 'I have learnt many valuable lessons which I can use to befriend any midgardian' so he was using the communal living room. Bruce raced off to try and find new relaxation techniques to help control the Hulk when working in the lab with Tony got too much. I was settled on Tony's moth-bitten sofa in his workshop as I slowly sketched him messing about with his robots. I wanted the moment to last forever. The only sound was Tony cooing at his bots as he played fetch (or tried to teach them to play fetch) with a battered tennis ball. My pencil slowly repeating the same look of excitement and peace in his coffee brown eyes. My pencil moving slowly and capturing this moment in the paper. Now, Thor's programs were now entertaining no one, Clint's eggs and hair dye lay forgotten on the floor, Bruce managed to shove away his yoga mat but the whale music were moaning to no one, Dum-E was still trying to get the ball from under one of Tony's many cars and my sketchbook was left abandoned on the sofa. There was no point going back to the chilled-out day as now we would have to sit in a debriefing for an hour and everyone would have sore bruises and stinging cuts. It wouldn't be the same. Not the same peaceful moment. My sunny day had gone stormy. The fight was bad on it's own but what made it worse was the taunting and circling god laughing at our attempts to gain control. Loki kept hovering around the battle zone and was yelling his own commentary about how we will fall, embarrassingly, to a bunch of goblins. If Hawkeye didn't shoot his ass when Loki next circled around then I will personally kill him myself. Even Hulk, who is usually too focussed on his challenge of smashing to pay attention, was starting to roar his battle cry toward Loki. Maybe Hulk would kill Loki before I could. "Loki, get out of my way!" The, what could only be described as a, growl erupted over the coms from Iron Man's end. Looking up, I saw Loki standing happily in front of Iron Man and following his every movement. Purposely standing in his way."Iron Man, focus on getting rid of this stupid dragon." I commanded as the sky sud
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
slight

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Tony Has Issues
Tony Angst
Tony Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony Stark
Protective Steve
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Protective Avengers
Angst and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
slight

