Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Nearly a year after Sherlock jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s, John received the news that his cousin in America, Phil Coulson, had been killed in some freak attack, that he was Phil’s only surviving relative, and that he was needed to arrange his affairs. How was that even possible? Surely he had had a girlfriend, or siblings, or...something. John couldn’t just dash off to America, he hardly had the money to go flying across the ocean at the drop of the hat, even if - oh, Phil’s boss had already got him a ticket. A first class ticket. A first class ticket to New York City with an additional letter, requesting that he meet with Phil’s employer about his last wishes. Everything would be paid for him. Well, maybe he needed some time away, after all. John packed everything he would need for two weeks to be on the safe side, including a suit for the funeral, in his old Army duffel within a matter of minutes. Even since moving into Baker Street his entire life was easily condensed to a canvas sack and a garment bag. So easily erased, forgotten, rubbed away like the wrong answer on an exam. With a hug for Mrs. Hudson and a promise to be safe, he walked to the Tube station and was on his way. He thought it would feel worse to leave the Baker Street flat and all its memories, but really, everything that made Baker Street home to him had been gone for a long time. London felt empty. It should have been impossible, of course, for a single man’s death to make any change in the population size, but John supposed it was all a matter of perspective. It was like when Sherlock died, he took the city’s very heart and soul with him.Divorce from feelings, an annoying voice reminded him somewhere deep inside. John sighed and looked out the window, failing to ignore the hubbub of fellow passengers boarding the plane. From the corner of his eye he could see a woman dressed in black, with short red hair and a sour expression. Beside her was an anxious-looking man with curly dark hair and a purple button-up shirt. Even after a year the combination was like a punch in the chest, which was absolutely ridiculous, it wasn’t as though Sherlock had held the sole rights to wearing purple shirts, but-“Well, isn’t this quite the party?” a wry, American voice asked from the front of the plane. John looked up and saw - no way - world-famous scientist and engineer Tony Stark ambling up the center aisle. He flopped into the seat beside John’s and immediately ordered a drink. “You want anything? I’m buying.”Too taken aback by the billionaire’s presence, John mutely shook his head, then instantly began berating himself for it. How often had he heard Sherlock sneer the name Tony Stark whenever what appeared to be an interesting murder turned out only to be the victim’s hashed attempt at building a robot or a super suit in their basement? Certainly, his inventions had garnered some reluctant respect, but Sherlock had always thought him too messy and uncalculating to be anyone worth outwardly admiring. Still, John had come close to meeting him on his ill-fated visit to Afghanistan; he’d been filling in on Rhodes’ team in the “Hum-drum-vee.”Stark shrugged when he declined the drink and muttered, “Whatever, more for me,” before taking a generous gulp of whatever fruity concoction the cheery steward brought. They really weren’t in much of a first-class aeroplane, it was a small charter jet with only four crew members, and everyone on the place besides John seemed to know each other. The woman and fidgety man bowed their heads close together before leaning over the backs of their seats to speak with the pair behind them, one man with short brown hair and a blond man who was almost too muscular to seem human. With a slight crane of his neck, John caught sight of what looked like an enormous hammer under the second man’s seat. How had he got that past security? In the row in front of Stark and John was another beefy blond man in a rather old-fashioned suit and a very unhappy looking black man with an eyepatch glaring around as though the assembled few on the charter were his unruly children.“Hey, Steve?” wheedled Stark, and John’s eyebrows shot up. He didn’t mean Steve Rogers?“Tony,” replied the other man, not looking up from his newspaper.“Why isn’t Bruce sitting over here? I wanna sit by Bruce.”“Because Director Fury wants to keep the plane in the air, Tony.”Once again, John felt his senses jolt, and he couldn’t help speaking up. “Sorry, are you talking about Nick Fury?” he blurted. Stark turned to peer at him through his sunglasses, and Rogers actually turned this time. “Only, I got this letter from him about my cousin, and...”“Oh, so you do speak,” interrupted the man with the eyepatch in a booming voice. He stood even taller than Sherlock - I really need to stop comparing people to him - and crossed his arms, glaring down at John with his good eye. “So, you’re John Watson. I expected someone a little...more.” He made a va
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sherlock Holmes & John Watson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & John Watson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel)/Sif (Marvel)

freeform: 
Crossover
Friendship
Teamwork
Domesticity
Implied Character Death
Post-Reichenbach
Post-Avengers
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Sherlock Holmes & John Watson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & John Watson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel)/Sif (Marvel)

