Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥«´¨`•° Capturing Starlight °•´¨`»♥
*´'`°¤¸¸.•'´*`'•.¸¸¤°´'`*
¨‘°ºO  cнapтёґ ойё  Oº°‘¨=» ♥ «=  
If there is one thing Loki knows, it is this: truth is subjective.
 
Loki prefers to craft lies, knowing intimately what damage the truth may do – he learned that lesson far into the past, when he foolishly informed the realms of Baldur's weakness to mistletoe. How proud he had once been of his discovery, until Baldur was slain, and Loki turned himself towards lies and half-truths, fearing honesty more than any weapon one could bear against him.
 
Lies are soft and malleable, unlike the hardness of truth, and they form prettily and easily in his head only to drip poisonously off his tongue, venom wrapped in honey.
 
Truth: Loki is a monster.
 
Lie: Loki is a favoured son of Asgard.
 
See how appealing the lie is? Truth hurts. It strips away at the façade of life, baring itself as a wantonly as a maiden whore holding a dagger behind her back. It embraces you and stabs you and causes more pain than a lie ever could. 
 
Maybe.
 
So far, Loki has yet to find a lie that could hurt him more than his multitude of hidden truths.
 
Loki finds it to be of no surprise when Odin orders him locked in a dungeon cell far beneath the royal halls, and to discover it to be a cage of stone and metal and magic made specifically to contain him. He's not even surprised to recognise the age of the enchantments and understand that Odin had this cell built and imbued in magic for so long, Loki would have been but a child at the time it was built.
 
Still, he is relieved when his bindings are removed from him. He can feel the magic in his new prison pressing down on him, suffocating him, draping itself across his body and magic like a shroud. Physical bindings would be superfluous, seen as arrogantly assertive, and if Odin would be anything, it would be one who prefers to be perceived as fair and wise and kind, if rather harsh when needed. The guards would relay Odin’s kindness at Loki's imprisonment, unable to see, sense or feel the enchantments that pressed down upon him.
 
Oh yes, Odin was so very kind a king.
 
Loki's new abode is richly furnished for a prison. It has a large four-poster bed, almost exactly the same as the one in his chambers, there are full bookshelves, a roaring fire, torches lining the walls (far too high for him to reach), a large wardrobe, a table with a large flagon and a tray of foods - including his personal goblet standing hidden amongst the array of finger foods and fruits – there is even a comfortable chair in front of a wide, ornate desk, covered with all his favourite (dull, not sharp or pointed, or edged) writing things and a stack of fine parchment. Loki wonders if this is his mother's hand in things. He cannot imagine it would be Odin's personal choice. 
 
He spends a good while touching everything, his hands barely grazing everything in the cell as though he's half afraid everything is simply an illusion, one which would dissipate at his touch. Nothing does, and the ball of tension deep in his gut unravels just the tiniest bit. After traversing most of the room, he returns to the bed, only to frown. Beyond the small space between the bed, and against the wall, is a dark curtain, one virtually the same colour as the stone, making it almost invisible to the naked eye.
 
Loki sweeps it back carefully, cautiously, and is surprised to find a large bathing chamber, ready for use. There is a large, deep bath, big enough to fit ten copies of himself. The water in it is hot, but not uncomfortably so, and Loki, aching from his fights and imprisonment on Midgard, returns to the main chamber to retrieve a fresh set of clothing. There is none of his usual clothing in the wardrobe – instead, it is filled with soft thin and thick under-shirts, a house robe, and many pairs of thick trousers and socks, even soft shoes, just none of his usual boots. 
 
His hands hover over each item, a faint sense of discomfort filling him. Even though they are all in his colours – dark greens and blacks - they are not clothes for a Prince, they are clothes for a unblooded youth, too young, or one not fit for a blooded warrior's armor. A tremor runs through him at the blatant insult, but Loki forces it back as the magic in the stones hums in warning at his rising temper and stirring magic.
 
Swallowing the curse on his lips, Loki snarls and snatches a long, thin, soft top, trousers, undergarments and socks before storming back into the bathroom. He undresses with quick, jerky movements, feeling the sting of impotency at the back of his throat, unable to form even the simplest of spells to change the clothes into something more fitting for a Prince, even one as disgraced as he. 
 
The water helps. It sluices the stain of sweat and grime from his skin, and relaxes muscles he hadn't realised were so tightly wound. He scrubs mechanically, allowing his thoughts to wander as he cleans his body. He feels s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Isolation
Mental Torture
Mental Breakdown
Mental Anguish
Mental Disintegration
Rehabilitation
Hurt/Comfort
Friendship
Loki breaks down
Loki needs fixing
Thor still loves his brother
Thor goes on a quest
Odin gets what's coming to him
broken!Loki
angry!Thor
Protective!Thor
Implied or Off-stage Rape/Non-con
evil!Odin
gendershifting!Loki
Blood-Bonds
Loki's children are BAMFs
Magical Theory
Loki is a Chaos Nexus
Blood Magic
Avengers being Awesome
Science Bros!
BAMF!Steve
BAMF!Tony
BAMF!Bruce
BAMF!Clint
BAMF!Natasha
BAMF!Thor
Magically Induced Amnesia
Tony being clever
Thor Feels

fandom: 
None
