Work Text:
Tony Stark says very important things all the time but no one ever takes him seriously, not even when they really should. So when Tony says he's going to buy an island, sure, no one listens to him because apparently they think that kind of "hyperbole" doesn't need a response. The thing is though, Tony Stark actually can buy an island so he does and now the Avengers have an island that they can use as needed. Do they ever thank him for it? No. They don't even treat it as a learning experience for the next time he says something a little off beat but definitely right.So when Tony Stark says, "You know what Loki really needs is a Xanax," everyone except Steve ignores him."Tony!" Steve says. If he had pearls, he'd be clutching them. "He is actually trying to destroy the world.""That's what I'm saying," Tony says as he loads a vial filled with green liquid into one of his wrist-guard missiles. "Does that sound like the action of a calm, rational, non-neurotic person to you?"Before Steve can beg Tony to be serious for just one single solitary moment, Thor booms out, "Brother! What is this madness?" without even a hint of irony.Fury says something phenomenally useless over the intercom like, “What’s the situation, guys?” Tony keeps ignoring him, because the situation is the same as it was thirty seconds ago.Thor is the only one capable of advancing on Loki right now. His god-like strength and his child-like outrage that Loki would do such a thing are each measured out in slow, deliberate steps. It’s like he’s wading through glue, trying to force his way through the terrible pressure surrounding Loki. But then something changes, some new stage of the destruction is entered, and the pressure that was so previously impenetrable, now turns inwards and seeks to drag them all in. If Tony didn't have rockets on his feet he probably would have been sucked right inside the vortex. Steve, caught off guard, needs to be grabbed by the wrist and pulled back down to the ground.Thor nearly stumbles but he catches himself with his heavier-than-even-the-apocalypse hammer. He spreads his feet into a wide stance, heels digging into the ground, but still he slips forward, inch by inch, toward the vortex of immense energy over which Loki stands, suspended in midair. The pull just keeps getting stronger, because that's what happens when you create a black hole with black magic.Everything around them is in a whirlwind, Loki at the exact center, and still Tony licks his index finger and holds it up to test the breeze. (The fact that his index finger is sheathed in his armored glove makes the gesture even more for show.) Steve looks like he would throttle him, if only he could stand on his own."Thor?" Tony calls out, "I'd like to apologize in advance for this."The thunder god doesn’t hear him. He's swinging Mjolnir around looking he's about to do something phenomenally foolish like attacking Loki while he's busy being thing conduit for all the destructive forces in the universe (or something, none of the Avengers could fathom precisely what he was doing). This would no doubt mean Thor would be sacrificing himself in some terribly noble way, probably he's already thinking of the songs that will be written about it. In a way it's almost cruel to steal his thunder (pun very much intended) but Tony is going to do just that. Thor opens his mouth to let out some sort of mighty battle cry, but Tony's missile fires, zipping over Thor’s shoulder and heading straight towards Loki's heart.Loki's magic stops it an inch away from reaching the mark. He looks down at Tony, and smirks. Tony smirks even harder, because half a second later gas explodes from the missile, and both Loki and Thor take great, startled gasps of it.It only takes a second for the gas to clear away, and when it does it looks like nothing at all has changed. Fury asks for an update anyway."There's still a vortex, we’re still going to die. Maybe," Tony tells him.Steve looks appalled, "Tony, what the-""Wait." Holding up his fingers, Tony counts one, two, three, and then everything goes still.The wind stops, the dust settles, and Loki's feet are back on solid ground. There’s a perfect silence while Loki stands there looking around at the landscape wiped clean of everything - every plant or bug or stone, nothing left but the bedrock – with a mild curiosity. Then he looks up at his brother. Then things start to get really weird.---"Tony what did you do to them?" Steve asks.Saved our lives and theirs as a bonus, he thinks but does not say. Steve hadn't seemed too happy with that answer the first time. "So yeah. Remember when I bet Thor a beer he couldn't stand still for six minutes?""No-" Steve starts to say, but Tony just keeps right on talking. "I was actually doing a deep scan of Asgardian physiology. If they can be affected by something like alcohol or an opiate then it stands to reason they can be affected by psychiatric drugs, right? I was going to bet him another beer he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
mentions of past Tony/Pepper
Psychotropic Drugs
Humor
Pseudo-Incest

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor

