Work Text:
It happens so fast, no one knows what hits them until Steve lurches forward and moans.
Nick Fury is talking in the private meeting room meant only for Avengers briefings when the sudden smell of omega pheromones fills the room and the only two omegas there, Steve and Bruce, begin sweating, shaking, and moaning out loud. Unfortunately, there are also three alphas in the room, two of which sit on either side of the omegas in heat.
Fury’s brow furrows as he calmly remembers his training. S.H.I.E.L.D. has protocols in place for when such occurs, including isolating the omegas in a chamber guarded by two betas and keeping all alphas away from the cell. But this is different, and Fury knows, because the scent is so strong.
 
No one moves, because no one trusts themselves not to fight or rape Steve and Bruce, but Thor’s face darkens as he sniffs the air. He knows it’s different as well, or at least different from humans. But before he can say anything, Bruce yelps as Tony grabs his hair, pulls him practically into his lap, and buries his face into the crook of Bruce’s neck. 
The doctor whimpers helplessly, in between a state of wanting to fight back and being unable to; he likes the feel, and it makes him grow wetter. He barely manages out a plea for help before Natasha and Clint, the only betas that happen to be in the room (Coulson and Hill were gone on official business), leap up to separate the two. Stark snarls at the loss of contact and Natasha pulls him into a choke hold.
 
“Someone get Stark out of here, now!” Fury yells as his hands begin to tremble. Nat and Clint escort the still struggling Tony out of the room, but even in the halls the smell of omegas is strong. It’s not just Bruce and Steve; it’s the entire building and what few omegas they have in the entire staff.
 
“Sir, I know the cause of this, and I fear it is affecting the entire building,” Thor speaks up. “Loki is different from many Asgardians, as you know, due to his Jotun parentage. His heat cycles, well,” Thor struggles to find a proper way to phrase his next few words, “They have strong effects on all omegas near him. In Asgard, when he would go into heat, the entire city would as well. It was…devastating, to say the least. The good news is that it doesn’t last very long if he mates rapidly.”
 
Steve groans and shifts in his seat. The serum had suppressed his heat cycles, and he had forgotten just how painful this was. He could smell Fury and Thor, wanted one of them to take him on the table as the seat of his suit darkened with moisture.
Bruce was terrified. He had been on suppressants because the increased heart rate from the heat could summon the hulk. Banner met the director’s eyes and pleaded, “You need to put me in the cell. I don’t know if the other guy will come out.”
 
“He won’t,” Thor explained. “Even in Asgard, there were ways of circumventing the inevitable, including powerful magic, but when Loki goes into heat, those become useless. Even he loses his powers, as they are all diverted to attracting a mate.”The news calms Bruce some, but he’s still squirming uncomfortably. Fury’s had as much as he can take.
 
“Captain, doctor, get yourselves to the emergency omega wing. Thor, find Loki and…take care of him.” He collapses in his chair and gets on the radio to make an announcement to the entire building.
 
“We have a Code 967, red alert. All betas report to the emergency omega wing. Any alphas caught engaged in acts of sexual deviancy or violence are to be restrained. Do not use lethal force unless absolutely necessary.”
 
Once the meeting room is empty and his radio is off, he closes his eyes and tries to steady his breathing. He’ll need to keep his head clear, just in case worse comes to worse.
 
Thor follows the distinct scent of his brother, decidedly Jotun as opposed to Aesir, which easily mimics midgardian. There was one thing he left out of his explanation: he and Loki were bonded.
 
Loki doesn’t have regular cycles, being a runt by Jotun standards, and for this reason, he came to Thor when it first started. The thunder god recalls just how afraid his brother had been, and yet so earnest. Thor did his best to satisfy his brother’s needs, although no one had explained that if Thor knotted, they would be forever bonded. After the first few times, Loki developed a grip on his magic and changed his form into an alpha, just to make his and everyone else’s lives more bearable. Thor missed mating with his brother, missed the intimacy, but now it seemed as if Loki had returned just for that.
 
I hope this means you have forgiven me, brother.
 
Thor climbs the stairs to the roof to find Loki lying face down on the cement, pants around his ankles, and fingers roughly shoving into his dripping hole. Thor swallows and approaches, undoing his pants as he nears. He kneels behind his brother, pulls him into an embrace and hugs him as he whispers, “It is okay, Loki. I am here now.”
 
Loki sobs with relief as he removes his finge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Knotting

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

