Chapter 1: Falling
    




Chapter Text
One of the things that Darcy prided herself on was being a good friend. Bad day at work? She was there with ice cream, Kleenex, and a comfy shoulder. Boyfriend trouble? Sure, she’d help you build a wormhole so that you could visit with your demi-god boo. What were friends for, if not for ripping apart the fabric of space?Really, what was Darcy supposed to say to Jane’s sad face? No, I can’t help you reunite with the love of your life? What kind of heartless bastard would be able to do that to Jane? Not Darcy, that’s for sure.So when Jane decided that they could build a wormhole that would link them to Bifrost Darcy agreed to help her. Unfortunately… punching a hole in space wasn’t as easy as it sounded. Everything seemed to be going fine—all the readouts were normal—right up until Darcy got sucked into the wormhole and dumped somewhere else. When she found Thor and got back home she was going to give Jane a big talking to… if she was even in Asgard. Hopefully she wasn’t in Jotunheim. That place sounded decidedly less-than-friendly to Midgardian-types like herself.“Ow.” Darcy whimpered in pain when she tried to move.“Are you all right, ma’am?” A worried voice asked.“No,” Darcy replied. Seriously, she was as far from ‘all right’ as it was possible to be.“Do you need help?” The worried voice sounded as though it had moved closer.“Can you just put me out of my misery?” Darcy asked. She tried to shift her weight so that she could sit up, and she hissed in pain.Gentle hands helped her to sit up, and Darcy looked up into the thin, worried face of an older woman wearing some kind of vintage nurse’s uniform—the kind you always saw in old movies, or old tv episodes. She had kindly eyes, and there was something about her that Darcy immediately trusted. She couldn’t put her finger on it, exactly, but there was something about the older woman that put her at ease. Bright blue eyes flicked over her, cataloguing her bruises, and the older woman sighed.“Never seen anybody fall out of the sky like that before,” she observed carefully.“I’ve never fallen out of the sky before,” Darcy offered. She frowned and hissed in pain again. “I don’t really recommend it.”The other woman’s lips twitched. “You look like hell,” she stated bluntly. “Why don’t you come home with me and we’ll get you patched up.”Darcy blinked up at the other woman. “But… I fell out of the sky! What if I’m an evil alien, or a villain or something?”The other woman shook her head. “I doubt that. You look plenty human to me.” She grimaced slightly. “You bleed just like one anyhow.”Darcy stared at the other woman in shock. Where she came from total strangers didn’t help out people that fell out of the sky. They called 911 and hid in their house with a shotgun handy.“I… thank you,” she blurted out when she could. She held out her hand. “Darcy Lewis.”“Sarah Rogers,” the other woman replied. She took her hand and shook it gingerly—mindful of Darcy’s injuries. “Come on, let’s get you to my place before anyone starts poking around.”It was a short walk to Sarah Rogers’ tiny apartment. She bade Darcy to sit in one of the chairs in the tiny kitchen area and she carefully cleaned all of the grit out of all of Darcy’s wounds.“Well, your clothes are ruined,” Sarah informed with a sigh. She frowned at Darcy’s jeans and sweater. “Is that what women wear where you come from?”“What’s wrong with my clothes?” Darcy asked with a worried look down at her ripped sweater and shredded jeans.“It’ll get you unwelcome attention here,” Sarah explained. “Don’t worry though, I’ve got some dresses you can borrow.”“Dresses?” Darcy blinked. “Sarah… without sounding like an evil alien… where am I?”“Brooklyn,” Sarah replied automatically. She paused for a moment and then added, “New York.”Darcy frowned. Her clothes would be fine for Brooklyn. Sarah’s vintage get-up made her belly roil unpleasantly. Everything was adding up in an extremely unpleasant way.“Okay,” Darcy murmured slowly and took several deep breaths. “This is going to sound even more crazy… what year is it?”Sarah frowned at her. “1939, of course.”“Of course,” Darcy echoed weakly. Then she fainted. /\/\/\/\ Women falling out of the sky should be more troubling, Sarah recognized that, but she couldn’t bring herself to care. All she saw were the injuries and the worry and fear in Darcy Lewis’ eyes, and she could have cared less. Sarah was a nurse—taking care of people was just what she did. After working in hospitals all of her adult life, Sarah had developed a sense about people. She knew if somebody was lying to her about how they got injured. So this young woman happened to come from… somewhere else. It didn’t mean that she didn’t deserve a little help. Sarah shrugged. It was no use worrying over what couldn’t be fixed. If there was one thing that being Steven’s mother had taught her—it was that.“Ma? You home?”
Speak of the devil.
“In here, son,” Sarah called out.Steve poked his head into the li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Steve Rogers & James "Bucky" Barnes Friendship
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Political Science is NOT a History Major
Angst with a Happy Ending
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis Friendship

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

