Work Text:
“Have you noticed anything odd about Mr. Murdock’s behavior recently? Anything suspicious?” “No.” “Has he ever given you reason to believe that he might be involved in any form of illegal activity?” “No.” “Has he ever exhibited signs of violent behavior, in or out of the workplace?” “No.” “Have you ever feared for your safety in his presence? Has he ever threatened you or caused you bodily harm?” 
“No!”

 
“Tell me, Mr. Nelson, and tell the truth. Is Matthew Murdock the Daredevil?” “…No.” There is a shaky sigh. “He’s innocent. He didn’t do anything wrong.” Matt shudders and closes his eyes. Foggy sounds strong, but Matt had heard his heartbeat when he was called in to the station, fast and terrified. ‘What did you mean on the phone, about Matt and Daredevil?’ He’d asked, frantic and confused. ‘You arrested him? Why? What happened?” And they’d told him. They’d told him exactly what happened. And then they’d put him in a room right next to Matt’s, separated by a few feet of space and a wall of concrete, and they’d started trying to make Foggy tell them things instead. Matt can hear every word. They don’t know that—just about the only thing they don’t know—but that doesn’t make it better. Matt can hear every word, and it hurts. He needs to talk to Foggy. He needs to tell him it’s okay. He should have told Foggy months ago. He had the perfect chance, the day after Nobu. ‘Jesus, Matt, how’d you get so cut up?’ Foggy had asked at work, stunned and worried. And Matt should have talked, he should have admitted everything, but instead he’d been a coward. ‘Car accident.’ Matt was an idiot, and he’d said car accident. And Foggy had stayed with him all day, brought him cold packs and hot coffee at work and walked him home, keeping Matt close and guarding him from evil cars, and Matt just…couldn’t. He’d decided then that he was never going to tell Foggy. ‘Car accident’ was better, less messy. ‘Car accident’ was the perfect plan. In retrospect, it was possibly the worst plan in existence. He had the perfect chance to tell Foggy himself, and instead Foggy finds out from Matt’s arresting officer while sitting in a cold police station. “Mr. Nelson—Foggy.” Matt shudders again and grits his teeth. Don’t call him that. “We can help you. I know that you’re not involved, and you seem like a good man.” “Thank you.” Foggy says flatly. “But I don’t need help.” “But you can help us. You’ve dedicated your life to upholding the law. Do you really want to throw that away to protect a criminal?” “Matt isn’t a criminal.” Foggy replies, voice low and even. “And he doesn’t need me to protect him.” The detective sighs, and it’s pitying. Matt consigns Detective Carter to the very special level of hate he keeps for a select few. He’s pitying Foggy, which is bad enough, but he’s also calling Foggy by his first name while he’s doing it, like they’re friends.  Punching is what got Matt into this mess in the first place, but he’d punch Carter anyway if he were given the chance. In the middle of a crowded police station, on camera if he had to. It would be worth it. “Do you really think he’d be so loyal if you were the one in the cuffs? He lied to you.” Carter presses urgently. “He’s not your friend.” There is a long moment of quiet. Matt thinks Foggy might actually stop breathing for a second. Finally, he speaks. “Unless you’re planning to put me in the cuffs, I think we’re done here.” He tells the detective quietly. “And unless you charge him in forty-eight hours, I think Matt’s done here too.” “Foggy—“ “Are we done here?” Foggy presses, and his voice is dangerous. The detective must make some motion to indicate agreement, because Foggy continues. “Good. Now, I’d like to see my client.” This takes a moment to sink in for Matt. It seems to be the same for the detective, because there’s a brief pause. Foggy’s going to be his lawyer. Matt’s not sure whether to be elated or frightened. He doesn’t want Foggy involved in this, not any more than he already is, but at the same time Matt needs him. He’s not sure he can do this by himself. “You can’t do that.” Carter says, but he sounds unsure. Matt’s honestly not sure Foggy can do that either, but he hopes so. “Yeah, I kind of can.” Foggy informs Carter lazily. “They don’t really have any laws against it because it doesn’t come up much. So, once again: I’d like to see my client. You know, the one who you haven’t offered legal counsel yet because you want to pressure him into confessing? That guy.” “You wouldn’t be able to be a character witness.” The detective points out, and he sounds triumphant, like he’s won the argument already. “You’d be biased as his legal counsel.” Foggy snorts. “Fine, sure, whatever floats your boat. Matt’s not going to need a character witness, because he’s going to be walking out of here free and clear in forty-eight hours or less.” Foggy seems confident in this fact, more than Matt is. “Which was tacky by the way, arresting him on Friday night just so you could keep 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Canon
Legal Drama
Case Fic
Fluff and Angst
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

