Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He hadn't been drinking that evening. He would have, but before the gala he and Tony had been in another of what Maria called their long-distance barn-shakers. He'd said something intended just to shut the kid up, he didn't even remember what, and Tony had retorted, "Well, Dad, maybe if you'd been sober for a little more of my childhood, you'd have noticed."Howard had startled back from the phone like Tony had managed to come through it and slap him. His drinking was not something they talked about in the family, particularly not something Tony had the right to bring up. But he had, and so the gloves were off.He'd hung up. He hadn't known how else to react. Tony hadn't redialled. And he'd gone to the gala sober and stayed that way, to prove he could. It was worryingly difficult.If he'd been drinking, perhaps he wouldn't have felt Maria's sudden squeeze on his thigh or heard her sharp intake of breath to speak, to warn him of the man in the road. He might not have been able to handle the powerful engine on the sedan as he swerved them around the man in the road, fishtailing wildly into the shoulder, careening off into the trees. He might not have been conscious to check Maria's pulse -- steady, thankfully -- and he might not have heard the man coming down the shoulder to him.Howard may have been a terrible father and a barely adequate husband even to his own mind, but he was a survivor and he'd had attempts made on his life before. So he grabbed the pistol from the glovebox, roared over the hood, and brought the butt of it down hard across the man's face as he bent to inspect (and likely execute) Maria.The man's mask and goggles went flying and he turned to Howard immediately, sweeping his legs out from under him. Howard grappled wildly and they went down together, scrabbling in the wet leaves and soil, both armed, each reaching for the others' weapons.Then the moon struck the man's face, and Howard's mind went white."Bucky?" he asked, shocked.The man looked confused, which at least kept his hand from tightening on Howard's throat."Who the hell is Bucky?" he asked."This is going to hurt," Howard said, and pulled the trigger with his right hand as he slammed a little device he called the night-night-stick into the man's neck with his left. The gut-shot-and-electrocution combo made his own teeth rattle.Bucky -- or his twin -- slumped over on top of him, unconscious, and Howard exhaled in relief.Twenty minutes later, the sedan rolled clumsily into a service station and Howard calmly made two phone calls: one to 911 for his wife, and one to Peggy Carter, for his prisoner."This had better not be drunken confession time," Peggy groaned into the phone, when he said it was him."I just had a try on my life by a guy with a steel plate arm who's a dead ringer for Bucky Barnes," Howard said."Say that again?" she asked."Peggy, Maria's hurt and this guy is bleeding out and may not stay unconscious much longer. I need SHIELD backup yesterday," he said. "High security transport and paramedics, and someone we trust to stand guard on my wife. Fuck!" he added, realization dawning. "Tony -- ""I'll handle it. Obie too. Hold for pickup," Peggy said, and he could hear her rushing around the room, gathering her things. "Don't be a hero," she added."Too late," he said grimly, as the distant wail of a siren became audible. "Tell Maria's detail to meet her at the hospital, ambulance is almost here. I'll stay here with...whoever he is."***Three hours later, Howard's own personal storm arrived.SHIELD, with Peggy riding shotgun, had taken Barnes to HQ, dropping Howard at the hospital where Maria had been patched up -- two broken ribs and a cut on her scalp -- and was now sleeping under sedation. Peggy said she'd sent some local lads to look after Tony, but Tony, as Howard knew all too well, was not a child to be looked after."Mom!" came Tony's voice, barely settled into a man's register and high with the panic of a child. "Dad!"Howard took the ice off his bruising eye and leaned out into the hallway. Sure enough, there was Tony, barreling down the hall like a gangling cheetah, followed by a crowd of hospital security, followed by a pair of burly SHIELD agents."Tony, for the love of -- " he managed, before Tony threw himself into his arms and began talking as only Tony could talk."I'm sorry, I didn't mean it, I didn't think -- I just snapped and I didn't think you were gonna DIE -- ""Tony!" Howard snapped, appalled at the outburst and deeply uncertain about the hug. Emotional reunions were really Maria's area. "Quiet, you'll wake your mother.""Is she okay?" Tony asked, gulping and pulling away, drifting into the room to hover over her bed. He swallowed again, face ashen, and turned back to Howard. "Are you okay? The bodyguards just said -- ""I'm fine, Maria's fine, just a little bruised. If you don't calm down you might not be," Howard managed, and Tony manfully got a grip on his emotions, even if he was still u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Anna Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - 1960s
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Parent-Child Relationship

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Anna Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis

