Chapter 1: in this one night town
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  You're the one with the cavalier smile,  I'm the one with the open mile,  Bright lights with no regrets…-Ingrid Michaelson, “One Night Town” --- 
 

The United Airlines flight 343 bound for John F. Kennedy International Airport scheduled for 16:00 has been delayed until further notice due to severe weather conditions. 
 Bucky was on his way to Gate B-34 when the announcement came over the intercom. He cursed and checked his watch, realizing that unless the snow storm died down in the next hour, there was no way he was going to make it back to New York in time. He stopped to ask one of the attendants at his gate about the delay, but she gave him an apologetic look and told him that he was going to be here for a while. Pulling out his phone, he made a panicked call to Natasha, begging if she could cover his ass for the meeting he was supposed to be at this evening and promising unlimited favors in the future if she could pull this one out of the bag. Having worked for Hydra for the past several years, Bucky knew Pierce did not take failures lightly. Hydra was an unforgiving company, and though they weren’t exactly Bucky’s ideal employer, he worked hard to get to his current position. He was reluctant to let that go for the off chance that something better might come along. After Natasha reassured him that she would take his place during the presentation and explain everything to Pierce, Bucky breathed a shaky breath of mixed relief and anxiety. There was nothing he could do now except wait. The terminal gate had a large sitting area with the generic airport rows of chairs that were stuck together, some of which were already filled with a mix of waiting passengers, a few of them cheerfully optimistic while some looked as irritated as Bucky felt. The wide, glass windows afforded what would have been a great view of the planes outside if it wasn’t just a white-out from the blizzard. After twenty minutes of alternately checking his phone and email, he attempted to amuse himself with people watching for a bit. A tired looking family of four had fallen asleep on each other’s shoulders, a pair of lovestruck teenagers shared their music, and a lone, blond guy was hunched forward as he wrote in his notebook. This got boring soon, and Bucky got up to meander around as chance to stretch his legs. He stopped by the bathrooms and strolled past the restaurants and food court without any real desire to get anything to eat. He shuffled along the narrow aisles of a gift shop, taking in the hanging key chains, stuffed animals, snow globes, and other cheesy memorabilia while holding his messenger back to keep from knocking anything over. Ducking into the bookshop next door, he hoped that something in there could take his mind off of everything. The store, like the others in the airport, was brightly lit with a dizzying array of products to choose from. Bucky noncommittally browsed the maze of shelves that offered the spines and beguiling covers of their books. With work taking up so much of his time, he didn’t keep up with what book trends were popular, and he wasn’t sure what he was in the mood for. He walked past the Non-Fiction section and he was faced with a whole shelf dedicated to promoting Tony Stark’s biography. Out of curiosity, Bucky randomly flipped through the book and found nothing but humble brags and self-indulgent bullshit. Bucky discovered the Romance section, a quieter spot of the store, and was skimming through a random page of a bodice ripper romance that had a shirtless chest on the front that had caught his attention. He was quietly laughing at the terrible writing, baffled at how anything that contained phrases like “dick aneurism” and “throbbing meat wand”1 could actually be published. He didn’t notice the interloper until there was a strangled cough. Bucky’s jaw may have dropped open a bit because the hottest guy he had ever laid eyes on was standing there with a look of mild surprise. His neat, blond hair and blue plaid shirt gave him a distinctive “boy-next-door” vibe, except his muscles and broad shoulders conjured up fantasies more along the lines of “lumberjack”. He was like Bucky’s every dirty dream come to life. Fuck. Bucky was acutely aware of his own disheveled look and rumpled clothes. He’d barely slept more than six hours in the last two days while in D.C. He hadn’t even bothered to shave this morning when he had to finalize the last details with a client before rushing to the airport. Now, it was just the worst kind of luck that Bucky was standing in front of the perfect human specimen. They stared in stunned silence until the other guy’s eyes drifted down to the Bucky was holding. A smirk spread on those luscious lips as recognition registered on his face. Bucky wanted to die from embarrassment from being caught reading terrible smut that was thinly veiled as lite
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Meet-Cute
Steve and Bucky are trapped at the airport
Author!Steve
Secret Identities
Because Steve writes under a pen name
Copious amounts of emailing
and lots of pining
they are both clueless idiots in love
the airport AU meets author AU meets You've Got Mail AU that no one asked for

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

