Work Text:
I:Tony threw his hands up in frustration. "When I suggested this I was hoping, I don't know, that you'd tie me up and smack me around a little. Like the stuff they do in porn.""Tony." Steve turned from the computer, where he had twenty five opened tabs. "Being your Dom is a big responsibility." He pointed to the screen, which was littered with adult ads. "This site here says that it's common for submissives with inexperienced Doms to experience 'sub-drop'. Its symptoms are similar to shock - depression, headaches, decreased blood flow-""Jarvis, scrub the search history." Tony muttered out of the side of his mouth. The last thing he needed was Clint to get a hold of this."-and that's not mentioning all the ways I could screw up a scene and traumatize you physically and mentally forever." Steve chewed his bottom lip worriedly. "Tony, I think you should call your lawyers. We need to draw up a ... contract?""Oh for fuck's sake," Tony groaned. "Just tear off my clothes and fuck me against the wall." II:"Okay, Tony. What did you do now?" Steve asked, clinging onto the armor although Tony's arm was firm around his waist. The cool wind ruffled his hair, making him tug closed the lapels of his leather jacket. What Steve thought would be a relaxing lunch date with Tony was rapidly turning into a flight to somewhere mysterious."Steve, Steve, Steve. Always so suspicious." Tony did a slow barrel roll that had Steve scrambling to hold onto him and laughing. "Can't I take my best guy for a nice little trip?""I better be your only guy, mister." Steve grinned, relaxing. The view below was spectacular as they curved around the Manhattan coastline.Suddenly, Tony began to roll again. Steve tightened his hold in anticipation, but Tony stayed balanced on his back, allowing Steve to straddle his hips as they slowly traveled above the ocean. To their left was the Statue of Liberty, and Steve glanced at it with a faint smile until Tony cleared his throat."So Clint and I were talking last night ..." Tony curled a hand around Steve's thigh, running it up and down slowly."Hm," Steve raised an eyebrow. "I knew I should have agreed to Coulson's demand that you two be given mutual restraining orders.""Yeah, well we had this bet about who could have sex in the weirdest place." Tony said, and then snorted. "The idiot chose Fury’s office. Good luck convincing Coulson.""And you decided to fly me six thousand feet above the ocean." Steve said flatly.“This is your chance to show that you’re the cooler boyfriend,” Tony was undoubtedly wriggling his eyebrows under the suit.“Well, that’s not even a little bit tempting.”"Wait, before you make a decision you will surely regret, I think you should look at the adjustment I made to the suit!" Tony transferred Steve's weight to the crook of an elbow before the armor at his crotch began to whirr and retreat.Steve caught on a second too late. "Tony, don't-"A yelp of rude shock rang over Manhattan."... it's about forty degrees out here." Steve finished miserably, "Jeez, Tony. You of all people should know that." III:"Hm ..." Clint paused in the bedroom doorway, surveying Tony as he lay in fetal position, sulkily clutching a hot water bottle to his groin. "Can't decide what to mock you for without more information.""Fuck off, Barton.""Ooooh," Clint said delightedly. "I’ll take Did Not Get Laid for 1200, Alex.""Clint." Steve bustled in, carrying a tray and looking every inch the long-suffering house mother as he fixed Clint with a disappointed glare. "Leave Tony alone. He's not feeling well today.""Okay," Clint said cheerfully, slinking towards the door. "By the way Tony, you owe me fifty bucks."“What?” Tony twisted his head so that he could gape at Clint's retreating back. "Video or it didn't happen!"Shaking his head, Steve put down the tray and fluffed the pillow under Tony's head."Okay, I could get used to this." Tony arched into Steve's hand in his hair, nuzzling his wrist like a needy cat. "Pamper me, baby, I hurt so bad.""Stop that." Steve swatted him lightly on the arm. Tony laughingly tried to roll out of the way before his body shuddered, and he released a real cry of pain. "What's wrong?" Steve asked immediately, putting his hands on Tony’s hips ."Just a cramp." Tony answered through gritted teeth."Okay, okay." Steve maneuvered Tony onto his back and began to rub his leg muscles in slow, gentle motions. Soon, Tony began to uncurl on the bed, making breathy groans as Steve's fingers drew closer and closer to his groin."Oh baby," Tony slurred. He'd gotten massages before, but since they were usually from Swedish supermodels who couldn't bench-press a meatball sandwich, Steve's warm, firm grip was something else. "You keep this up, and we might get kinky after all.""I used to get real bad leg cramps after the serum," Steve said conversationally, ignoring Tony's last statement with the ease of habit. "Someone - shoot, I can't remember who - was nice enough to show me how to work them out.""M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Bad Sex
Bad Decisions
Humor
Crack

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

