Work Text:
“D’you want me to fuck your mouth? Or should I watch?”Steve whines loudly. “Watch,” he gasps, “I want you to see.”“Fine,” Bucky murmurs, stroking Steve’s hair back off his forehead and kissing him gently. He’s sweating hard; Bucky’s been keeping him on the edge for almost two hours now, letting him get closer and closer each time before pulling him back again. Steve whimpers against his mouth so Bucky lets the kiss linger, sucking on Steve’s bottom lip before finally releasing him.“Buck,” Steve gasps as Bucky pulls away from him. Thor waits patiently behind Steve. He could be asleep sitting up, except for the alert hunger in his eyes. He meets Bucky’s gaze over Steve’s shoulder, and Bucky smirks. “Trouble is, sugar,” he says quietly. “Without somethin’ to keep you quiet, how can I trust you not to go talking back and shooting your big mouth off?”Right on cue Steve opens his mouth to argue, but Thor grabs him from behind before he can say anything, covering his mouth with one huge hand. Steve speaks anyway, the words muffled, and Bucky shakes his head. “Hush up, Rogers,” he says, tutting. “You’re not in charge tonight.”Steve’s eyes widen, but he nods slightly, and Bucky reaches out to stroke his hair again. “You need anythin’, sweetheart?”Steve replies with a muffled sound that definitely means no, and Bucky grins. He leans back in his chair and glances up at Thor. “Over to you, pal.”Bucky gets an eager surge of anticipation, almost like he’s waiting to get fucked himself. Some people would be jealous, watching their baby get screwed stupid by someone else, but it makes Bucky wild. He’d never be able to watch Steve like this if he were doing the job himself, and watching Steve like this is a gift from God. Thor doesn’t bother fingering Steve; he’s had plenty of prep already from Bucky. Instead he rolls Steve onto his back, folds his knees right over to touch his chest, then hauls him into the air by his legs so that he’s practically in a shoulder stand, pressed up against Thor’s body. It’s showing off, no doubt about it, but Bucky wouldn’t come to Thor unless he wanted a show. It’s about Steve getting fucked. up. and if that means taking Thor’s acrobatics with a pinch of salt, Bucky’s more than happy with that. Not to mention, ridiculous as it is, Steve looks stupidly hot balanced like that; ass over tits, getting his hole eaten out while his cock drools down his belly and onto his face. He’s slowly turning bright red, choking out urgent little noises that don’t really mean anything except that there’s still a lot more he can take. The sounds Thor’s making as he sucks and slurps and nuzzles Steve’s hole are literally disgusting and Bucky is so turned on now it’s unreal. He wants to touch himself, even just a little pressure to alleviate the ache of his cock in his underwear, but he doesn't do it. Not yet. Steve’s scrabbling at the sheets already, his fingers curled under like claws. He’s moaning, but quiet and choked. Bucky can tell he’s trying to hold it in, only the force of Thor finally fucking into him with two fingers is pushing the sounds out. He’s still licking at Steve’s rim, still with those loose, wet sounds that have to be half the reason Steve’s flushed so red right now. Thor wraps one arm around Steve’s waist to keep their bodies pressed together and replaces his fingers with his thumb, probably for better access to his prostate, and sure enough it only takes fifteen seconds or so before Steve is shuddering and crying out while his dick spits jizz all down his chest and and all over his his pretty face. “Ready to get fucked, baby?” Bucky croons, unable to help himself. Steve’s spluttering and gasping through his aftershocks while Thor sets him down on the bed; Bucky thinks Steve might have jizz up his nose, but if he does, he’s not letting it stop him. He rolls back onto his belly without being asked and points his little ass up towards Thor, silently asking to finally get hammered. He must be so desperate after Bucky’s made him wait this long; it’s been days, more than a week in fact, and that’s before Bucky spent all afternoon working him over. Thor hauls Steve’s hips up by another six inches and breaches him slow but forcefully. Steve shudders and swears under his breath the whole time, and finally when Thor is sunk in to the balls, Steve opens his eyes and looks right at Bucky.“Mary mother of God,” Bucky mutters, no longer able to resist the urge to touch himself. He presses his hand over the front of his pants, squeezing his cock hard, and watches Steve’s mouth open hungrily. Bucky smiles a feral smile and meets Thor’s eyes again. “Hey, Thor.”“Yes, my friend?” Thor says heartily, sounding only a little tested. Bucky grins down at Steve. “Looks like someone’s a little greedy to me. I guess you’re gonna have to give him all you got.”Steve’s eyes widen, but he doesn’t have the time to say a word before Thor grabs hold of his hips and starts ploughing into him. His breath explodes fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Dom/sub
Anal Sex
Rimming
Jealousy
Polyamory
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Possessive Bucky Barnes
party favor Steve Rogers
Fandom Bicycle
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Rough Sex
Fluff and Smut
Dirty Talk
Orgasm Delay
Multiple Orgasms
Thor Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor

