Work Text:
It’s Tony’s fault, of course.He’s meant to be at SHIELD headquarters for a meeting, and when he doesn’t show up Natasha is deputized to bring him in. Clint tags along mostly because he’s got nothing better to do, and because watching Natasha almost get visibly annoyed by Tony is always funny.They find him in one of the Tower’s subbasements, elbows-deep in wiring. “Natasha!” he says cheerfully, flipping up the lenses on his welding goggles. “And I see you brought Katniss. What’s the occasion?”“Meetings, Tony,” Natasha says. “We schedule them for a reason. Specifically, so you can attend them. Any of this ringing a bell?”“Only very dimly,” Tony says. “Especially when there’s so much interesting stuff here. You know, no one’s been through some of these crates in fifty years? They just got moved from place to place, and the inventories are totally fucked. There’s gotta be something cool in here somewhere.”Natasha very distinctly does not sigh. Clint can tell. “Do you actually need to make that determination right this minute?” she asks.“Sure do,” Tony says. “No time like the present.”In all fairness, the collection of crates Tony’s pulled off the shelves do look interesting. Some of them have the old SSR insignia stamped on them, which makes Clint think they probably should be in SHIELD custody. Others have variations on the Stark Industries logo, versions of it that haven’t been in use for years, a few that Clint’s never seen before. And one crate, a big one, is stenciled on all four sides with SSR-- DO NOT OPEN UNTIL 2046.“Hey, what’s this one?” he calls out, interrupting the argument that’s starting between Tasha and Tony.“Dunno,” Tony says. “It’s not on the inventory. Want to find out?” He grins at Clint, who finds the corners of his mouth turning up despite himself. Tony’s annoying as hell sometimes, but he can also be a lot of fun.He turns to look at Natasha, whose arms are crossed over her chest. Her body language resolutely does not say just how annoyed she is. It says she’s annoyed, yes, absolutely, but not how annoyed. Which, to Clint, is clearly very, but a little bit interested all the same.“It says not to open it until 2046,” Natasha points out.“So?” Tony says.So they pick up a couple of crowbars and lever the crate open. Inside is a... thing. It’s got wires and cable and vacuum tubes, a lot of dials down one side, mysterious metal bits. Tony’s eyes light up when he sees it.“What is it?” Clint asks. Natasha steps closer, interested despite herself.“No idea,” Tony says. “Let’s investigate.”It’s awfully easy to get sucked into Tony’s orbit, caught up in his infectious enthusiasm. Even Natasha succumbs, a little, and within half an hour they’ve got the whatever-it-is set up in a lab and hooked up to power.Bruce has been drawn in too, and he and Tony are conferring over a bunch of readouts from the thing while Clint and Natasha study it up close.“What do you think it does?” he asks her.“No way to be sure, without the inventory. Could be anything.” She frowns. “Do you hear that?”“Hear what?” But then he can hear it too: a high-pitched whine, almost too faint to pick out over the air conditioning and Bruce bickering with Tony. He looks back over at the device.A point of light is gathering within it, and the whine is getting louder. “Uh, Tony?” Clint says, taking a step back, pulling on Tasha’s arm so she steps back too. “I think you should--”And then the light flares, impossibly bright, washing over him and Natasha in a wave. It leaves him seeing spots, feeling dizzy, and when his vision clears the first thing he realizes is that he’s lying on the ground. Tasha is lying next to him, and at his groan she stirs.“Holy crow, it worked,” someone says.Clint’s on his feet in an instant, Natasha beside him. The speaker is a man of middling height with a narrow moustache, wearing weirdly old-fashioned clothes. He’s got goggles that are an old-timey match for the ones Tony had been wearing earlier. He pulls them up onto his forehead to stare at them.Natasha’s got her gun drawn and aimed at the man before he, or Clint, can do much more than blink at each other. “Where are we?” she demands.“Easy, there, little lady,” he answers. “No need to get upset. You’re in SSR HQ, if that means anything to you.”“Oh, hell,” Clint breathes, taking in their surroundings. It’s a lab, but it’s a lot more analog than the lab they’d been in a moment ago. The machine they’d unpacked from the crate is behind them, looking newer than it had before. There’s a pinup calendar on the wall, he notices, a real old-fashioned one. It gives the month as October, 1946.“Clint?” Natasha says, and glances his way. “I think we need to get out of here.”“Yeah, I think so too,” he says, and adds “Protocol 1985.”Her eyes widen just a hair.“Hey, listen,” says the man with the moustache, “if you’d put that down I’d love to ask you some questions.” He comes around the bank of dials he’d been standing at, heedless of the gun trained on him, and whil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Time Travel
Hijinks
gratuitous back to the future references

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

