Chapter 1: When life gives you chocolate...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis was not in the mood. Which was very strange for her, because most of the time, Darcy Lewis was very much in the mood.But not tonight. Tonight, she was waxed, painted, and stuffed into the most spectacular dress the world had ever seen. It was red with a sweetheart neckline and a slit up the thigh. Needless to say, she looked completely fuckable.She’d walked into the Annual Stark Charity Ball hosted by none other than Anthony Stark (a.k.a. the worst boss to ever live) with a scorching hot piece of Captain Steve Rogers on her arm.That’s right, The Steve Rogers. As in, Captain America. He was her boyfriend as he had been for almost a year now.So why, by the name of Thor, wasn’t Darcy Lewis in the mood?It was because she had rocked up to this party with her best assets on display, completely enamored by the sweetest most amazing guy she’d ever met in her life only to have said amazingly sweet guy torn away from her by Sam Wilson and hundreds of other people at the party who loved Captain America.Don’t get Darcy wrong, she loved Sam. He was charming and loyal and a good guy to talk to when you needed a friend. But he had a bad habit of turning her and Steve’s dates into ‘Bro-time while Darcy sits and tries to make conversation’.Oh, but Sam wasn’t the worst of it. Sam knew boundaries. Sam would usually just want to talk or catch up or hang out. It turned their two person date into a three person date. Sam was okay, just a little clingy sometimes. She couldn’t blame the guy, Steve Rogers was a great guy to cling to.The real problem was James Fucking Barnes.Because James Fucking Barnes didn’t want to go with them on dates or hang out. James Fucking Barnes wanted to drop in at the most inopportune times and say absolutely nothing.She and Steve would be up in the morning, getting it on in the kitchen of Steve’s apartment when suddenly, a James Fucking Barnes appears out of nowhere to reach around them and pour himself a god damned cup of coffee.It got worse.At first she just thought he had some kind of Winter Soldier brain problem, but that’s when she caught him smirking. That smirk was a whole lot easier to see when he shaved off his stupid scruff and those lush pouty lips could be expressive in their full, annoyingly hypnotic glory.James Fucking Barnes knew exactly what he was doing and he thought it was funny.Luckily for Darcy, she still had a chance at reclaiming Steve for the evening, so long as James Fucking Barnes stayed out of sight. He didn’t really like public events anyways. He was one of those hermit types. Liked to live in log cabins in the mountains and show tourists pictures of bigfoot.With hope in her eyes, Darcy picked up a glass of champagne from one of the trays being carted around and lifted it to her lips to take a sip when the voice of sin whispered in her ear.“Hey Doll.”She sputtered, coughing up her bubbly, droplets of precious expensive alcohol spilling onto her bosom.“James Fucking Barnes…” she muttered under her breath, turning to face him.Oh, that pouty mouth of his was smirking and it was monstrous. His hair was combed back for once and he smelled like pine needles. He was going to be the death of her. “Oh, come on, Doll. ‘M not that bad.” he said, taking out his handkerchief and offering it to her.Who the fuck carried around a handkerchief?She snorted and bitterly snatched up a cloth napkin from a nearby table, glaring up at him. “Ya know what, Barnesy? I think you might be that bad.”He raised a brow, keeping his eyes steady on her face while she dabbed champagne off her cleavage. Did she mention that James Fucking Barnes also had a really horrible tendency to sneak up on her? Because he did. And he was really good at it. He shrugged, holding out his hand to relieve her of the damp napkin, so she threw it at his face instead. He caught it like the bastard he was. “Maybe.”“I’ll see you around, Barnes.” was her only reply as she turned around to make her way over to Steve and Sam, ready to continue third wheeling her own relationship. Usually she would totally blow this popsicle stand and take Jane with her, but Thor was busy spinning his Lady Love in circles on the dance floor and she wasn’t about to ruin her friend’s awesome relationship moments just to whine about her life.“That dress looks nice.” he told her just as she was a couple steps away. The compliment caused her to stop and look over her shoulder at him.“Oh yeah?”Those fucking lips opened up a devilish grin, “Sure.” he said taking another step forwards, insinuating a challenge, “But you know what?”Let it be known that Darcy Lewis was never one to back down from a challenge. “What?”James Fucking Barnes closed the gap between them and bent down to whisper in her ear, “You look better.”Darcy’s heart did a thing. And that thing quickly alerted her lady parts that she was, once again, i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Threesome - F/M/M
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Established Relationship
Past Relationship(s)
Bucky's lips are important
James Fucking Barnes

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

