Work Text:


A Little Licking Between Friends

Hulk  landed near an open cave. He looked around himself, then grunted his  approval. They were surrounded by rocks from all sides, good tall rocks.  Difficult to climb for puny humans. But not for the Hulk.“Hulk, buddy, if you're not gonna jump anymore, I'd really appreciate you putting me down now.”Hulked looked down at the human in his arms, then gently set him down in front of himself.Metal  Man patted Hulk's shoulder. “Thanks for rescuing me, Jolly Green.  Though I think taking me for this little trip wasn't really necessary.  Not that I don't appreciate this, anything to get out of doing  paperwork, plus I haven't really had a vacation in a long time. But I  kinda like to know where I'm going beforehand, yah know?”Hulk grunted again, then sat down. Metal Man safe now. Time to make sure Tony okay too.Metal  Man made a funny noise as Hulk grasped his arms and started forcing the  red metal off. It look a little force, a few harder tugs, but Hulk was  determined to get to the Tony underneath. The metal came off easily,  bunching and ripping under the green fingers. Hulk was careful not to  twist or tear off the limbs, especially when taking off the helmet and  chest.When all the metal bits were off, Tony was finally there  and Hulk had to pause. Metal Man strong and fast, but Tony human, too  easy to break. Hulk had to be gentle now.Hulk eyed the dark material, then gently grasped a sleeve between two fingers. He gave it a gentle tug and it ripped easily.Tony  gave an angry squawk, but Hulk ignored him. With careful tugs, he got  the dark material off, and soon Tony stood in front of him, bare and  pretty.Only the glowing thing in his chest remained, and Hulk  touched it gently with the tip of his finger. Tony grabbed the green  digit with tiny hands.“Easy there, buddy. I kinda need it to live.”Hulk knew. That puny glowing thing Tony's heart.Hulk  leaned down and pressed his lips around the blue glowy thing. It  smelled of zappy bolts that stung but kinda like illness (death) too.  And that made Hulk angry.Hulk pressed his tongue flat against  Tony's chest and dragged it slowly upwards, making the human yelp and  try to jerk away. But Hulk held him still with one green hand. Hulk  continued licking Tony's chest, firm swipes of his tongue wiping away  the bad smell, leaving only Hulk's scent behind. Hulk liked that, Tony smelling like him, Tony marked as his. Hulk liked that a lot.So  he didn't stop at just the chest. He licked a long stroke from Tony's  shoulder down to his wrist, then carefully pulled the tiny hand into his  mouth, making Tony gasp. He sucked gently on it, carefully bumping the  tip of his tongue against those twitching fingers. Tony's hands  important, he knew that.A few moments later Hulk released the  hand and nuzzled the lean neck, inhaling Tony's sweet scent. He opened  his mouth and licked a long line up Tony's side, ending at the armpit.  He would've moved on, but Tony squirmed and giggled like a little bird.  So Hulk licked there again, curling his tongue under the arm and rubbing  to and fro. Tony howled with laughter, squirming prettily in Hulk's  grasp. Then Hulk changed sides and licked under the other arm and Tony  laughed louder, the sound beautiful. No one laughed near Hulk in a long  time.Hulk continued licking those two spots until Tony was  gasping, his chest heaving against the green palm. Hulk drew back  slightly and stared at Tony as the human caught his breath. The human  was leaning back against Hulk's hand, the flushed red face pressing  against the tip of one green finger. Hulk twitched the digit gently and  nudged the head slightly, and Tony opened his eyes, smiling widely at  him.Hulk liked that a lot, so he smiled back. He petted the side  of the face, then leaned closer, licking it gently. Tony laughed again,  and Hulk grinned happily.“So, buddy,” Tony asked, laughing when Hulk licked the other side of his face. “Am I clean now, Jolly Green?”Hulk  shook his head, then leaned back down. He repeated what he did earlier  and carefully licked every inch of the other arm. When he was finished  with the delicate fingers, he went back to bathing the chest, this time  licking down. Tony tried to stop him going any lower with a yelp and  grabby fingers clenching in Hulk's hair, but the Hulk barely noticed it.  This place smelled like Tony, but deeper, heavier. He licked firmly,  enjoying the new taste, but Tony shuddered, so he had to draw back. But  Tony seemed okay. He was flushed again and panting again, but there was  no smell of pain or injury. So Hulk shrugged and went back to cleaning.He  licked around the front, licking carefully around the hardening part.  He considered sucking it, had even pressed his lips against it, but Tony  gave a mewl, and the human's thin fingers clenched tighter in Hulk's  hair. So Hulk left the hard part, and licked between Tony's legs. He was  careful with the two spheres, but the spot 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rimming
Bathing/Washing

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

