Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was pleased - despite the fact that each had their own suite of rooms, his teammates, Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, actually made use of the open plan communal space. Tony had hoped for this, because he wanted and/or needed to get a feel for them - literally, in one particular case - seeing as how he had invited them to live in his home and agreed to help them save the world. Each, no doubt, had their own reasons - the kitchen was fully stocked, the kitchen had the coffee machine, the bar had all of the good booze in it, the television screen was the largest, they legitimately enjoyed the company of others...the later, of course, was Steve Rogers. He probably deserved some credit - even though Tony had been the one to design the space - since, when not destroying punching bags, he took to one of the couches in the living room. At first he sketched, alone. But then by sheer force of will - in this case, his earnest, puppy-like desire to get to know people and be friends - he drew them in on their first Saturday together. Observing him via JARVIS, as he sat and smiled and looked pleasant and waited for everyone to come, Tony scrawled himself a note to check and see if the Captain emitted detectable sincerity patterns.Thor came first, and Steve showed him how to play Mario Kart. That was enough for Tony to join in- launch that shell, Captain, and you shall come to regret it! Steve even showed he was capable of humor and heckling - What? Having trouble without your hammer?Clint came after this and proceeded to destroy all of them - lots of downtime on the Helicarrier, said with a shrug - and Tony was surprised to find that the sullen, brooding assassin thing had largely been a function of circumstance and was not, in fact, a permanent personality. This was good, since Natasha really filled that quota.Bruce crept in next, and then Natasha, and even she wasn’t impervious to the joys of Mario Kart - I will only play if you don’t make me be the Princess, she said. Booze got involved at some point, and pizza, and while everyone was still careful with each other and did their best to put on a veneer of sociability, it was still a very good evening and Tony stumbled into bed thinking, see, Pepper, this just might work. Not a bad idea at all. Then he sighed, because Pepper, and curled around one of his large pillows - berating himself, because, really? It had been almost a month. And he was Tony Stark.On Sunday he went into the kitchen to get some coffee and was surprised to find Clint making waffles. “We have a waffle iron?” Tony said, and then grinned when Clint turned and was wearing an apron - which had to be his own, since it said Fuck the Chef. “I made sure of it,” Clint said, and then slapped at Tony’s hand. “No bacon until everyone gets here.”“But, mom-”“No buts,” Clint replied. “Go wake them up if you’re so hungry.” Tony pondered this for a moment - Bruce had managed a little electrical prod just fine, surely jumping on him when he was sleeping wouldn’t be...although, if he was really asleep...“JARVIS, let everyone know - in an obnoxious manner, if needed - that Master Barton is cooking breakfast and it would be rude for them to miss it,” Tony said, and then he went over to the coffee maker and began brewing his normal triple espresso latte.“Oh, I was hoping for waffles,” Natasha said. She was wearing leggings and a very large t-shirt - Clint’s? Though it had Cyrillic on it, and it didn’t matter, because Tony had never thought he would see Natasha in loungewear. He added this to his list of proof, for when Pepper called to ask how things were going, that he had been right.“I was not aware that you were experienced in the art of meal craft,” Thor said, appearing next, with Steve close behind - as bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as expected.“I just finished training!” Steve said, and Tony nodded at him before turning to roll his eyes at Natasha, who just shrugged.“Clint is an excellent cook,” Natasha said, taking Tony’s place at the coffee machine. “Does this make regular coffee, Stark?”“Please, Tony,” he said. “And what do you want regular coffee for when it can make you-”“I want black coffee.” Was it reasonable for her to scare him more than the Hulk? Tony pressed the appropriate button and smiled at her.“I would also like some coffee,” Thor said, spreading himself out at the table. “I was introduced to it by the Lady Jane’s companion the Lady Darcy, and it was a most wondrous drink.” Tony looked around the room - where was Bruce? Because he would share Tony’s look of concern and possible abject fear at the idea of a caffeinated god of thunder. “JARVIS, where is Dr. Banner?”“On his way, sir,” JARVIS replied, as Natasha handed a cup of coffee to Thor and then set about brewing another. Clint was humming something as he stacked another waffle on a platter and then returned it to the oven to keep the waffles warm. Tony settled back at his chair - at the head of the table, since he owned t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Clint is Deaf
Relationship Beginnings
Team Bonding
Fix-It
Science Boyfriends
Thor discovers donut holes

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

