Work Text:
Phil went back to work six weeks after his non-death. It seemed a bit soon to Clint, but the doctors okayed it, and Phil was really happy when he put on his suit that Monday morning. At least it was part-time, light duty, and everyone from Fury on down was watching him very closely to make sure he didn't overdo it. The first few days went well; Phil only tried to stay late once. It helped that they'd finally gotten their heads out of their asses enough to hire him an assistant while he'd been out on leave.Clint figured out something was up that Friday. He had to meet with the psychiatrist again that afternoon, but when he'd stopped by Phil's office before his appointment, the only one sitting there was Darcy. It was still weird to see her at the desk they'd set up outside Phil's door; she'd only been working for SHIELD for a few weeks."Agent Coulson's in a meeting with the director," Darcy told him as he leaned against the door frame. "Top secret, hush-hush, Fury speaks and everyone jumps, you know the deal.""Don't I ever," Clint said, hiding his disappointment with a smirk. Phil knew he hated his mandatory sessions with the shrink, and he'd said Clint should stop by before and after. "He said to say he was sorry," Darcy offered. "And that he'd see you at home. I'll make sure he leaves on time.""Thanks," Clint said. She looked up at him and smiled reassuringly. "He's doing great, you know," she said, sitting back in her chair. "He doesn't seem tired, or like he's hurting, and he's not doing anything he's not supposed to. He had a check-up this morning, and he said it went well when I asked. He was even doing that thing, you know, where the corners of his eyes crinkle?""Yeah?" Clint said, smiling back at her, because that was one of his favorite Phil facial expressions. If Darcy was able to read him that well, odds were she might actually be able to tell if he was hurting."He's really adorable," Darcy said. "Don't you dare tell him I said that.""I promise," Clint said, and left for his appointment feeling a little better.Phil got home exactly on time, as promised, but his eyes weren't crinkling any more. He didn't look like he was in pain, just like he had something on his mind. "Hey," Clint said, leaning in for a kiss. It was probably a little more involved than it should be, but Clint couldn't resist when Phil nipped at his lower lip like that."Tony, Bruce, and Pepper are going out for sushi, but I told them I thought we'd probably rather stay in," Clint said, pulling away reluctantly. "There's some of Bruce's lasagna in the big fridge downstairs, or we could throw something together here, or order in, whatever.""Maybe that Indian place?" Phil said, loosening his tie."Your stomach up for that?" Clint asked. Phil had only been eating regular food for a month. Well, okay, five weeks.Phil shrugged. "I won't get the vindaloo. Something mild, maybe saag paneer. Where's the menu?""Drawer of the coffee table," Clint said, although he knew neither of them needed to look at it. "Order me the chicken tikki masala. And some samosas. Oh, and some of that rice pudding, I love that stuff. And maybe some soup." He was always starving after sessions with the shrinks. Not that he'd ever admit it to one of them; they'd probably start asking him about the times he'd gone hungry as a child."Mmmhmm," Phil said, going into the bedroom. He came out a few minutes later in sweats and a t-shirt, and Clint took a moment to be grateful he got to see Phil like this. "Hi," he said, kissing Clint again, nice and slow, his hands on Clint's hips. "Sorry I missed you this afternoon. How'd your session go?"It was Clint's turn to shrug. "She's very focused on the specific criteria for PTSD; I think she's disappointed in me for not having classic flashbacks. I'm not sure being mind-controlled by an alien god is in the DSM.""Probably should be," Phil said, staying close. "Along with being declared dead. We should write to the APA and protest.""Better have Darcy do it," Clint advised. "You're done for the week.""Still have to order some food for me and my husband," Phil said, and there were the eye crinkles. "JARVIS, did you get Clint's order? Add saag paneer for me, and two rice puddings.""Make sure everything's mild," Clint added."Of course," JARVIS said."There, now I'm done," Phil said."Hey," Clint said, his hands moving gently on Phil's lower back. "Your meeting with Fury. You gonna tell me what's up?""Later--a lot later--if I can," Phil said, with a tiny grimace. "Can't tell you anything now. I'll let you know if and when.""Okay," Clint said, wishing he hadn't said anything. His phone rang, so he fished it out of his pocket."Steve?" Phil asked. Clint looked at the phone and nodded, noting a shift in Phil's expression so subtle that he doubted anyone else would have caught it. The meeting, Fury--Steve was part of it. "Tell him hi.""Hey, Steve, Phil says hi," he said, walking towards the bedroom, knowing Phil would stay in the livi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
tony stark - Freeform
Pepper Potts - Freeform
Bruce Banner - Freeform
Darcy Lewis - Freeform
Jasper Sitwell - Freeform
pepper potts/tony stark - Freeform
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers - Freeform

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

