Chapter 1: Parental Units
    


Notes:
A/N Tagging for underage drinking, but it's Stark, so no surprises there.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text




September 1988

 
Ah, perfect timing. Of course, the watch Tony wore had beeped incessantly to let him know Darcy was waking up.  He hovered over the end of the crib as Darcy stretched her arms overhead and wrinkled her nose.  Seriously, top ten favorite look on his kid.  When he swooped in and picked her up, she giggled, waving her hands happily.
As he changed her diaper, he decided that he was getting the hang of this.  Sleep--no (hell, that had never been a priority).  Keeping the baby alive--yes.  There had been a few dicey moments and eight dozen panicked phone calls to Aunt Peggy.
She’d only rescued him twice.  The first on the day she’d helped him relocate to Stark Mansion and stock up the nursery.  He truly hadn’t known the old place still had cribs, high chairs, linens, and all that. She’d stayed with him that weekend, teaching him the basics of caring for an infant.
After that, she’d insisted that he was smart enough to figure out the rest.  In between Darcy’s naps and falling on his face, he read everything he could get his hands on.  He discovered the little front packs for carrying babies and decided the inventor was a genius.  Really. Darcy didn’t care where Tony was or what he was doing, so long as she was near him.
Since Tony never lasted more than an hour at any one task, they did pretty well together.  She was content to sleep on him or watch whatever he was doing.
Now that he was reasonably sure he could keep Darcy alive for more than a day or so at a time, his new pet project was designing a little help around the house.  He’d rewired the nursery to give him full audio and video.  The motion sensors gave him warning whenever Darcy woke.  If he could tell the damned sensors how to know the difference between waking up and squeaking in her sleep, he’d be set.  Well, that and he needed a robot to do laundry.
Tony hated washing diapers.  But he couldn’t exactly hire a diaper service if he wanted to keep the world from knowing about Darcy.  Bringing in supplies was easier.  He had everything shipped to Aunt Peggy’s house in DC.  Peggy had a one-year old niece, so infant supplies weren’t entirely out of line.  All that stuff got boxed up again and sent to Stark Industries, then forwarded to the mansion.
The one time he’d ventured out to Babies R Us had resulted in far too many toys and a head cold he’d ended up sharing with Darcy. That had the honor of being the second time that Peggy bailed him out.  She’d brought a doctor in to look over Darcy. However, though she’d offered to look over his fussy daughter while he slept, the little girl refused to be away from her daddy. They’d napped a lot instead, while Peggy watched over them.
He’d already started that day’s laundry load, warmed a bottle, and settled into the rocking chair in Darcy’s room to feed her, when a knock on the door startled him.
“Mr. Stark.”
Tony exhaled with relief.  Edwin Jarvis was about to be surprised, but would take it in good grace.
“Come in, Jarvis.”
The elderly butler quirked his lips at the sight before him.  He’d had decades of experience at suppressing shock at anything a Stark might do.  “I had wondered if elves had taken up residency in the nursery.  I’m quite relieved to see it’s only you. Would you care to make introductions?”  
Tony stood as Jarvis crossed the room. For eighty-something, the man was spry and graceful in that way the elderly sometimes had.  But his age showed in the slow movements and the knobby joints that were often painfully swollen.
Today was a good day though, and Darcy popped off the bottle to grin at the newcomer.  Jarvis smiled at her, nipping her out of Tony’s hands with practiced ease. “Now, there you go, love.  What’s your name?”
“Darcy Maria Stark,” Tony answered for her.
Jarvis raised his eyebrows.  “And the mother?”
“Not interested.”
The older man pressed his lips in a hard line as he took the bottle from Tony. He settled into the rocking chair with Darcy.  “So you have full charge of this little darling.  I daresay you aren’t looking forward to breaking the news to your parents.”
Tony stuffed his hands in his pockets, feeling weirdly bereft with his now-empty hands. “Aunt Peggy said she’d be here in the morning to run interference.” Jarvis hummed under his breath and gave Tony one of those steady, assessing looks.  Tony picked up a stuffed bear out of Darcy’s crib and squeezed it a couple of times. “She’s mine. I’ve taken care of her.  No babysitters. No nannies.  I’ve even learned how to wash her clothes and run the vacuum.”
“Ready to pass her off?”
“Just pointing out, you stole her from me just now.  And no. We’ve worked out a system.  She hangs out in the baby carrier, and I work on my projects until she gets bored.”
“Is she fussy?”
“Only if I’m slow.”
“Sounds like her father
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
BAMF Peggy Carter

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

