Chapter 1: The Sassy Pop Tart Toaster
    




Chapter Text
In the months immediately following what Tony liked to call ‘The Day Shit Almost Went Down But Didn’t Because Of Tony Stark’s Heroic Bravery And Stunning Pectorals’, S.H.I.E.L.D decided that it would be for the best if all the Avengers were to stay in one location.You could be forgiven for assuming that they would choose a top secret military base as the location for the greatest slumber party of all time, but apparently the safest building in the country at that time was Stark Towers.There had been much protesting about this. Tony, at first, had been reluctant to give up the use of four whole floors of his building, saying that the introduction of a communal area greatly reduced the number of surfaces available for copulation. Steve had been worried that Tony would decide to copulate on these surfaces anyway, and he didn’t want to be witness to that. Bruce, bless him, had been afraid of ‘hulking out’ in Tony’s home and didn’t want to cause millions of dollars worth of irreparable damage. Tony had patted him on the head and reassured him that he was Tony Stark, bitch, and nothing was irreparable on his watch. Heck, he’d even repaired his watch and added a voice activated egg timer. He didn’t even like eggs. Natasha hadn’t wanted to live somewhere with people she was likely to want to assassinate after ten minutes, but was eventually persuaded on the promise that she’d have her own room. She later demanded her own floor, and her demands were met after a long standoff involving origami swans and paperclips. Clint was afraid of being caged. Tony responded by taking offence at this, assuming Clint thought his home was small. Clint wanted an easy life and accepted.Thor was a different matter. S.H.I.E.L.D soon found out that it was a lot harder to contain a demi-god from another world than one might at first expect. They relied on plan B.Plan B was Tony Stark.*Tony Stark resents being plan B. He isn’t happy being anything but plan A, and he definitely isn’t keen on being named after a form of birth control. Regardless, he performs his role with cunning and aplomb.It's been an idea long in the making, Tony thinks. There'll always be consumer demand for Pop Tarts, and that consumer demand will more than likely double each day Thor was on Earth. The revelation comes to Tony some three months after TDSAWDBDBOTSHBASP.The Avengers have been living in Stark Towers for a month. Thor has been flitting back and forth between Asgard and Midgard like a fickle mosquito and it's starting to give Tony a headache. One morning - well, 2pm - Tony rises from his beauty sleep and stumbles into the kitchen, where he's greeted by a rather odd sight indeed.Thor is sat at the kitchen table in front of a plate piled at least a metre high with Pop Tarts. Bruce, dishevelled and sweaty, is slaving over a hot toaster. Steve sits at the breakfast bar, doodling. Tony definitely remains completely 100% oblivious to the fact that the super soldier serum apparently allows the recipient to look dashing even in sweatpants. “What in the name of Thor’s biceps is going on?” Tony asks. Bruce looks at him, wild-eyed and desperate.“Pop Tarts,” he replies. Tony takes a sip of the coffee he’d had JARVIS make him as a wake-up call.“I can see that,” he says. “But how, what, when and why? I don’t need to ask who, obviously.”“Whom,” Steve corrects, shading an area of paper so darkly that Tony thinks he might be drawing his soul.“I have discovered that there is indeed no such thing as too much of a good thing!” Thor announces, stuffing a Pop Tart into his mouth. Tony raises an eyebrow.“You should try ecstasy,” he quips. Bruce looks alarmed. Tony raises his hands in mock surrender.“Thor’s eaten, at last count, seventy-eight of them,” Steve continues. Tony’s eyes widen.“Seventy eight?” he repeats. Steve nods.“Seventy nine, now,” he says. Sure enough, Thor has crammed another into his mouth. His beard now appears to consist more of crumbs than hair.“Where did he get them all?” Tony asks. Bruce makes a choking sound.“The store,” he whispers. “I was there at opening time, bang on 6am.”Tony pats Bruce on the shoulder.“And you’ve been on toaster duty ever since?”Bruce nods fearfully.“It’s true,” says the toaster. “I have been at full capacity since approximately 0624 hours. I can't help but feel as though I should be above this.”“You’re getting far too cheeky for your own good,” says Tony. "And you're not above anything. You're a toaster."Bruce whimpers.“The toaster talks?” Steve asks, putting down his pencil. Tony grins.“Sure it does,” he replies. “This is Stark Tower. If it can talk, it talks. If it can calculate missile trajectories, it calculates missile trajectories. If it can cook eighty Pop Tarts, then it can... oh. Oh. There’s an idea.”Steve swings his legs over the stool and faces Tony, meeting his eye with a confused glare.“What’s an idea?” he asks carefully.Tony shrugs, standing on tip-toes and stea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crack Fic
Crack
Domestic Avengers
Stark Industries
author has serious issues
talking toasters are always the best
jarvis is sassy
bruce is good at making toast
he has a degree in toast making
Humour
Humor
crack!fic
slow burn relationships
because these things don't happen overnight
thor is a mucky pup
Ficlets
Ficlet
Drabble
Bromance
friendship fic
Angst
Romantic Comedy
sassy ai
artificial unintelligence
agent coulson - Freeform
phil's first name is agent
fury's first name is 'i'm nick and i'm a bastard called'
Fluff
smoosh
Tony Feels
Tony POV
third person

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

