Work Text:
“Put on the suit, let’s go a few rounds,” Steve barked at Tony.
The tension in the room rose and rose until Bruce found himself drowning under a tidal wave of tension and anger, desperately wishing he could crane his neck for a breath of fresh air, away from the heat and anger that was threatening to wash him away.
Then there was a crack like a gunshot and the whole world exploded. A bright light flashed and Bruce’s muscles  locked, his legs snapping together and his arms jerking to his sides. He fell hard onto his side and pain exploded behind his eyes. He felt the rapid thumping in his ribcage and every conscious thought running through Bruce’s mind was eclipsed by his fear of the Hulk emerging and killing everything on the Helicarrier.
He could feel the green monster bubbling beneath the surface, but the ripping pain of the transformation never came. He waited, but when the dreaded sensation remained dormant. He returned his attention to the room, interested only in distracting himself. The only thing he seemed to have control of were his eyes, as joints remained locked. He peered about the room, noting that no one else seemed to be better off than him, bound invisibly to the floor.
At the center of the room stood a man. His midnight hair whipped in an intangible wind, and his eyes, coldly 
scanning the room were a toxic green.
“I’d say I was sorry for my rude entrance, but you were the one to forget your manners first, Director Fury.” The man’s voice was quiet but dangerous, like the hissing of snake you haven’t laid eyes on yet. His shifting eyes paused on Bruce, striking a match to the fear smoldering in him. The Hulk surged to the forefront of his mind, stronger than ever, and he could feel his muscles bulging in the commencement of the transformation, the mysterious force binding him no longer sufficient to keep the monster at bay.
“None of that now,” their attacker’s voice cut sharply through his rage. With a flick of the stranger’s hand, Bruce’s world shifted once more, and he found himself upright. “Drink this,” the man commanded, holding a vial to Bruce’s suddenly mobile lips. Bruce made to protest but the stranger had already tipped the vial of viscous blue liquid into his mouth. He moved to spit it out, but his jaw snapped shut, out of his control once more.
Bruce’s heart battered his ribcage, as he was faced with the decision to swallow an unidentified substance forced on him by a known hostile, or choke. For the first time in his life, he found himself desperate for the safety and security of the Hulk, but no matter how the presence in his mind battled for control, the invisible restraints kept. They’d somehow halted the Hulk’s mental takeover by hindering his physical transformation.
Bruce, on the brink of choking, swallowed the substance that tasted vaguely of dragon fruit. The effect was instantaneous. The constant anxiety—the anger—that plagued him every minute of every day, that stopped him from sleeping more than a handful of hours, that prevented him from building relationships, that stopped him from living just—just vanished. The Hulk, forever fighting for control, reeled back, sitting contently in a deep recess of his consciousness.
As soon as he finished processing his sudden bliss, he blinked himself back into awareness. He licked at his lips, realizing that control of his mouth had been returned to him.
“What…” he began to ask.
“Calming Draught. I’m not particularly interested in seeing you lose control on the admittedly high likelihood that things get more… interesting. I’m not fond of being interrupted, and I have business with your director that simply could not wait.” The man who had just shifted Bruce’s entire world view was cold and impersonal. His words were sharp, and cutting, his voice a weapon he was clearly well versed in using. As he spoke, his attention returned to Fury, dragging his piercing eyes across him like blades.
“Potter,” Fury began in a tense, restrained voice. “We can resolve this without—”
“I’m through negotiating with you,” Potter hissed. “You clearly don’t follow your own rules, foolish considering the consequences.”
“Potter—”
“When this first began, you appeared to understand exactly how dangerous I could be, which is why I find it unfathomable that instead of respecting what is me and mine,” the man’s careful composure cracked into a righteous rage. He took a breath to gather himself before continuing, “you chose to court death.”
floor.
“Master Death, these mortals are—”
“Silence Odinson, or you will find that not even Asgardians are above my wrath,” and miraculously arrogant, rash Thor, full of pride and strength fell silent under the cutting words of the stranger. Whoever this man was, his influence and power extended far beyond any realm the Avengers were prepared to deal with.
“Fury, you have far overstepped your bounds, and this incident will not be forgiven or forgotten,” his words rang with finality. “However, if you return to me what
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Kidnapping
Cruciatus Curse
BAMF Harry
Fury can be stupid
One Shot

fandom: 
None
