Work Text:
Peter stood in the middle of his living room. He felt flushed all over, partially due to the blood soaking his suit, mostly due to his mounting panic.“So this is usually the other way around?” Peter said. “Like, 9 out of 10 times I’m the one bleeding out on the floor, so I’m not sure what to do right about now. An ambulance is a—”“—a no,” Matt managed. His mouth had fallen open as he struggled to gasp for air, lips shiny, the skin around it broken and bleeding.“Definitely a no,” Peter agreed. “No ambulances. Um. I gave you towels already, and you’d probably just bleed all over my blankets. Do you want a pillow?”Matt stared flatly in Peter’s vague direction, doing the best he could to convey how thoroughly unimpressed he was with Peter’s nursing skills.“Okayyyyy,” Peter said slowly, glancing around the room for some sign, some indiction on how to help the injured person laid out in front of him. “Pillow is also a no. How about a glass of water? You don’t want to get dehydrated…”Matt extended an arm toward the coffee table. His wounded side protested the movement, fresh blood rushing to the surface, slipping out around the fingers clasped tight to the injury. Matt gestured weakly at the table, where his phone rested.“Claire,” Matt told him breathlessly. “Call—call Claire…”“Who’s Claire?” Matt’s shoulders slumped, his eyes falling shut. He was no longer a coil of tension and pain, but a sprawl of useless limbs. “Double D? Matt!”“Claire,” Matt murmured, the word breathed out on a tiny exhale, before he lost all control and passed out.Peter stood in the middle of the room, Matt’s phone in the hand. None of the blood soaking his suit was his.“Screw it,” Peter decided, and pressed the phone’s buttons at random. 
 When Matt swam to consciousness, a cotton bud was dabbing at his forehead. He winced as he registered the pain throbbing throughout his body, and worked on pushing it down, working through the pain as he tried to sit up.“Oh no you don’t.” Claire’s voice. One of her hands gently pressing him back down. “You’re hurt pretty bad, Matt. Don’t move.”“What happened?” Matt asked.“You were hurt in a fight,” Claire said. “So, an average Tuesday for you.”Matt could tell he was in an apartment, that much was obvious. It was small and unfamiliar, with a bedroom and conjoined bathroom, and a living room connected to an open kitchen. Through a small, open window, the sounds of New York drifted in; beeping traffic, police sirens, neighbours shouting at one another. He assumed this was a fairly poor area.Matt was laid out upon a worn, likely second hand sofa. There wasn’t a TV, but books were smattered around the place, along with several pizza boxes, soda cans, empty packets of junk food. The artificial smell stunk.“Where…?” Matt began.“This place?” Claire asked. “Matt, you never told me you knew Spider-Man.”“Oh,” Matt said. That was right. The fight. The thrown blades Matt had been too slow to dodge. Peter.There were two heartbeats in the kitchen. Matt recognised them both immediately.Foggy was a blip of bone-deep familiarity. His heartbeat was a little too fast, and he was throwing his arms around in the way he did when he got especially frustrated. That reaction was usually reserved for Matt.Foggy’s ire wasn’t directed at Matt this time. It was directed at a second heartbeat, naturally faster than Foggy’s but steady. Peter was propped up on the kitchen counter, a First Aid kit sitting beside him. His scraps were being worked on by Foggy.The calmness emanating from Peter assured Matt of the safety of the area in a way nothing else could. Matt trusted Peter’s judgement. If the other vigilante wasn’t worried or panicked, then Matt didn’t need to be either.“You’d think,” Foggy was saying in the kitchen, “with all the ‘protect the people’ and the—the obsessiveness with making sure no one else gets hurt, you vigilantes would be better at not getting hurt yourselves! Reckless, the lot of you, and—and irresponsible—”Peter winced as Foggy dabbed at the cuts on his cheek. “Sorry?”“Shut up and let me rant,” Foggy told him.“Foggy?” Matt called out, trying to sit up around Claire’s insistent hands pushing him down.“Matt?!” Foggy abandoned Peter’s shallow scraps, and rushed out into the living room, skidding on socked feet. “Matt, you glorious bastard, you’re not dead!”Foggy enfolded Matt in a hug. Matt smiled into his shoulder, because it was Foggy. Matt was always pleased to see Foggy, the man a beacon of sunlight in a burning world.“Careful, he’s still injured,” Claire warned. Foggy reluctantly backed off.“Glad to see you’re alright,” Foggy said. Then, his smile fell into a contemplative frown. Peter—having followed Foggy into the living room—murmured a soft ‘uh oh.’“Matthew Murdock,” Foggy said slowly. “What the hell, man?!”“Um,” Matt said.“You got seriously injured! Again! And didn’t even come to me, this time! You went home bleeding with a teenager.”“I resent that,” Peter interrupted. “I’m—okay, technically I am nin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt Matt
peter is a useless bean
impromptu slumber parties
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Schmoop
worry wart foggy nelson
mother hen tendencies
Domestic Fluff
matt and peter continue to make bad decisions
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

