Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
Chapter One:
The third of December, nineteen sixty-two, otherwise and henceforth to be known as ‘The Day’. The Day that Charles Francis Xavier’s world was completely and irrevocably turned on its head.
“Come again, Hank,” Charles sputtered a bit wildly, after having stared at the blue-furred scientist for a full five minutes in absolute shock.
“I ran the tests a dozen times, Professor, and then I ran them a dozen times more just to be absolutely certain,” Hank said, fiddling briefly with his lab coat before insisting, “The results are conclusive. You’re pregnant.”
“But,” Charles replied. “But I’m male, Hank. Men can’t bear children.”
“Normal men can’t, but you can,” Hank told him earnestly. “As far as I’ve been able to tell with the resources that we have at our disposal, you have a secondary mutation, Professor. A… well, a rather remarkable secondary mutation.”
Hank was telling the truth.
Even if Charles had not been one hundred percent certain that Hank would never attempt to deceive him in such a cruel way – Hank was not hard wired with the ability to lie successfully, or really to lie at all – his telepathy provided incontrovertible proof of the other Mutant’s candor regarding the matter at hand. Hank’s certainty blazed from the scientist’s mind into Charles’ own without vacillation. Charles was going to be a father, albeit in what had to be the single most unlikely way possible.
Bloody. Hell.
Hank started speaking again, after another minute had passed and Charles had not responded, his tone almost halting, “I’m sorry to have to ask, Professor, but did you and Erik…”
“Yes,” Charles whispered, subdued.
Hank nodded, the confirmation providing the greater clarity of the situation that he sought, “Sorry to pry, I know it’s a sensitive topic, but I did have to consider the possibility that you could reproduce asexually. There’s still so much we don’t know about mutation and I couldn’t just determine that the idea of spontaneous pregnancy was an utter impossibility.”
“You don’t…” Charles trailed off, swallowed and then tried again, “You’re not… upset… about Erik and me?”
Hank’s eyes widened and then perceptibly softened, “I would never think less of you for who you love, Professor. Homosexuality is not a sickness, no matter what most people seem to believe. In fact, evidence has cropped up that many historical figures, from Alexander the Great to Shakespeare, had male lovers. You’re still you.”
“Thank you, Hank,” Charles breathed out in stark relief. “That means a great deal to me.”
Hank smiled widely, “I’ve estimated your due date to be mid to late June, in case you were wondering.”
Charles actually had not been, because he had not yet managed to gather his scattered mental faculties back into the semblance of order that was required for such wonderings, but he appreciated the information nonetheless, “Thank you.”
If Hank’s calculations were correct, and they always were, then that put the date of conception sometime in early September. There was probably little chance of knowing the exact day or night that the impossible had been achieved, since he and Erik had been extremely active during the course of that entire month. The clock had been counting down and their potentially life-ending showdown with Shaw had been inching closer and closer; neither had been interested in wasting precious time. The pair had rarely been apart if they could help it.
That was certainly something that Charles had to worry about, was it not?
Erik.
Would Erik come home to him, if he knew about the child growing, inexplicably and miraculously, inside of Charles?
Charles so desperately wanted to believe that he would. Erik craved family and, even though the metalbender had tried to bury it deep within his heart, Charles had seen Erik’s secret and golden desire to create a family with him. The visions of him and Erik raising and loving little mutants had been irresistible, a siren call impossible for Charles to ignore completely. Certainly, Erik had never imagined that something as astonishing as Charles being able to bear his child could happen, but surely it would delight him. Charles hoped beyond hope that it would delight him. Once Erik got over the shock of learning that, yes, it was actually possible to knock up your decidedly male lover, at any rate.
Of course, that raised the issue of how exactly he was supposed to tell Erik, since Charles did not actually have the slightest clue regarding his whereabouts. Erik, along with Raven and Shaw’s former associates, had vanished in the wake of the disaster that Cuba had been… and none of them had been heard from since.
A part of Charles really, really wanted to give into the hysterics that he could feel dancing around in his chest, but that would surely terrify Hank and the others, which Charles had been actively avoiding doing. Just two days ago, he had been staunchly pretending that everything was perfectly normal – or what passed for normal in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Moira/OMC
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers
Hank McCoy/Raven | Mystique
Sean Cassidy/OFC

freeform: 
Mpreg
Canon-Typical Violence
Period-Typical Homophobia
Period-Typical Racism
Period-Typical Sexism
Big Mutant Family
Families of Choice
Hurt/Comfort
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Protectiveness
Homo Mutandis Superior
Non-Graphic Violence
Angst with a Happy Ending
dadneto

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Moira/OMC
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers
Hank McCoy/Raven | Mystique
Sean Cassidy/OFC

