Work Text:
They started the holiday season off right: having a screaming fight about the gift Johnny had bought May and John Jameson Sr.“She’s never been!” Johnny said, throwing his hands up. “What was I supposed to get her? Socks?”“You’re supposed to talk to me before you buy my aunt first class tickets to Paris!” Peter shot back. He was half-dressed in his spider-suit, the mask dangling from one ungloved hand. He waved it around like it’d somehow help prove his point.Johnny, who had just spent the last weekend both a hundred years in the future and nine thousand miles away from home, thanks, was not impressed.“I’m sorry, what part of ‘surprise’ do you not understand?” he said, leaning back and crossing his arms.“The part where I have a heart attack,” Peter said. “No, Johnny. Just - no.”“It’s done! It’s paid for!” Johnny said. “It’s Paris, what is your problem?”“My problem?” Peter said, voice rising. “My problem? Are you serious? No, I am not explaining this to you if you’re determined not to get it.”“What’s to get?” Johnny said. “You hate fun and happiness! Seriously, Pete -”“No, nope, I’m out, I’m out of here,” Peter said, yanking on a glove. His face was flushed, his eyebrows furrowed. He looked furious. Johnny clenched his jaw until it hurt. “I was supposed to be fighting a guy dressed like a giant lemming like ten minutes ago.”“Worst villains,” Johnny sang under his breath, unable to help himself.Peter looked up, mask rolled halfway down, and his frown relaxed. He let out an annoyed breath before starting forward, leaning in to kiss the corner of Johnny’s mouth.Johnny put his hand against Peter’s neck, stroking the line between spandex and skin. “Kick his ass.”“Get rid of those tickets,” Peter said. He was gone out the window before Johnny could scream at him. 
 There was a billboard across the street looping Darla’s latest interview. She was grinning ear to ear, holding up her hand. The small pink stone was a perfect match for her hair, but the platinum clashed with her skin. Johnny felt somewhat vindicated that Scott Lang couldn’t buy jewelry to save his life.She looked happy. Johnny guessed that was what mattered.Except something sour had curdled in Johnny’s stomach the moment Darla had broken the news about her engagement. He couldn’t explain it - normally he loved weddings, and he was happy for Darla and Scott. But a bitter, hollow pang shot through him every time he saw Darla talking about her upcoming nuptials, and it made him feel not quite like himself.He shoved it aside, just like he had the fight over May’s gift, and walked into Sue’s favorite department store.She was a little ways inside, making pleasant conversation with the woman behind a cosmetics counter.“You’re late,” she said when he sidled up next to her.“Sorry,” he said. “I was buying your kids some ponies and lost track of time.”She snorted. “No ponies.”“They’re Shetland ponies, they’re little,” he said. “You won’t even notice them.”“No ponies and no cars, Johnny,” she said. “We gave you one rule when Franklin was born, it’s not a lot to ask.”“No flying with the baby,” Johnny mocked. He spun a display a little too hard and earned himself a sharp look from a matronly saleswoman. “No buying the baby his own island. No wonder Ben’s the favorite uncle.”He wasn’t looking where he was going and he hip-checked one of the gold posts holding up the line for a bored-looking Santa. He shot Johnny a nasty look and Johnny glowered right back. “God, I hate this time of year.”“Johnny,” Sue warned. She stopped by the elevators, pushing the up button, but didn’t say anything else until they were both inside and the doors had shut. “What’s gotten into you today?”Johnny shrugged, tilting his head back to gaze at the elevator’s mirrored ceiling. He reached up to fix his hair. “Can’t I just be in a mood?”“It’s not like you,” Sue said. “You love the holidays.”The doors dinged open and Johnny made a beeline for the nearest, most expensive thing. Sue followed at a more leisurely pace, flicking around a blazer Johnny thought would probably look nice on Reed, not that he’d ever wear it.“I love the holidays,” Johnny said. “It’s Peter I want to shove off the roof.”“Oh,” Sue said, like that solved everything. “You’re fighting.”“Yeah, what else is new? We’ve been fighting since we were kids,” Johnny snorted.“Not lately,” Sue said. “You’ve both been on cloud nine for so long, I was starting to wonder if I should worry.”“Uh, no,” Johnny said. “Last week I put mayo on a hot dog and we screamed at each other for thirty minutes.”Sue gave him an unimpressed look. “Yes, thank you, you’ve both been setting a great example for the kids.”“Ben had to physically haul us apart!” Johnny said.“That’s not fighting for you two and you know it.”Johnny did, and admitted it. “I mostly did it to watch him turn colors anyway.”“Mmhmm,” Sue hummed. “So what happened?”“I bought May first class tickets to Paris for Christmas. Booked her and Jay into that hotel Ben likes,” Johnny said bi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
So Married

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

