Work Text:
Phil Coulson was no stranger to waking up in hospitals. It went along with the job description when you worked for an organization like SHIELD. Right after the bonus structure and before the division of holiday hours, there was a bit about on-the-job hazards that could lead to potentially severe injuries. And while it never explicitly stated, ‘you will probably grow familiar with waking up in strange beds to the sounds of IV drips and the smell of ammonia,’ one learned to read between the lines. So waking up in the hospital bed didn’t surprise him in and of itself. What did surprise him was the fact that he was waking up at all. The last he’d checked in on the state of things, he had been impaled on the business end of a Norse God’s sceptor. So how on earth...? He groaned, bringing a hand up to his brow, and hissed a little when the movement in his lungs sent a spike of dull pain through his chest. He cringed, wondering just how bad it had been. It had to have been close. He remembered bleeding out on the helicarrier, remembered telling Fury he was clocking out. He was pretty good at making those kinds of calls. So how the hell was he alive? Well. He wasn’t going to get any answers through inductive reasoning alone. He needed more data. And chances were, if he could just get his eyes open, there’d be someone there who could give it to him. It took some doing, but after about seven minutes of good solid effort, he got his eyes open. He had to blink them a couple times before they were worth anything, but once they were, he began to take stock. Not the helicarrier med bay. Not headquarters either. He frowned, wondering if the damage had been too extensive. Or maybe there had just been too many other people to treat, so they’d shipped some of them off-site? He turned his head to one side (an endeavor that took another four and a half minutes’ effort), but there was nothing beside him to give him any clues as to what was going on here. Nothing but an empty plastic chair and, beyond it, an empty second bed in what appeared to be a completely empty room. “Huh,” he thought, frowning a little. Had...had things not gone well in the last battle...? Were the others...?“Oh, so you’re awake!” came a voice from the other direction, and he blinked, turning his head back the other way. Now he could see the door to his room, and what looked to be a middle-aged nurse, her graying hair piled on top of her head. “That would explain why your monitors are going crazy up there.” Phil stared at her, trying to remember if he’d ever seen her in any of the Shield bases he’d ever visited. But she wasn’t ringing any bells. “S’w...” he tried, but his tongue had decided to swell to about three times its normal size, and he didn’t think he was going to get much more out of it until he had some water in his mouth. “Ice chips only,” the nurse told him, reading his mind, and a moment later he felt one slip between his parched lips. He clamped down on it gratefully, forcing himself to suck it into water and not just swallow it immediately. When he’d finished it, she gave him three more, and by then, he was ready to rejoin the rest of the human race. “Thank you,” he croaked. He didn’t sound great, but it was a start. “Of course,” the nurse said, smiling gently at him. She reached out, doing something just off-screen with his IV, then returned into his line of sight. “Maybe now that you’re awake we can start getting some of your paperwork done!” He thought for a second that maybe she was a SHIELD agent after all--who else would make a crack about paperwork?--but a moment later, she said, “Can you tell me your name, hon?” He blinked at her. “My name?” “Do you remember it?” she said, sounding sympathetic. “Poor dear, I wouldn’t be surprised if you didn’t. You’ve been out for almost three months, did you know? Not the first one we got in here after that insanity in New York who couldn’t remember much. If I were there I don’t think I’d want to remember much either.” Phil stared at her, trying to process what she was telling him. He’d been unconscious for three months--after New York, she’d said. What had happened in New York? And if he’d been there for three months...why on earth hadn’t SHIELD provided them with his medical information? “What...what happened in New York?” he managed, deciding that was the best place to start. “You don’t remember? Craziest thing I ever saw. Bunch of aliens attacked. But then out of nowhere, these guys show up--you’ve heard of Iron Man I bet, but did you know Captain America, that guy from those old comic books, is apparently back?” She shook her head, adjusting his IV tubing, and huffed to herself. “What is this world coming to? It’s like we’re living in a comic book or something.” “What happened?” he pressed, not interested in getting drawn into a ‘good old days’ debate, not the least because he wasn’t at all sure how much longer he’d be awake. He was pretty sure he was on the good meds, because his eyeli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kink Meme
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Insecurity
Fix-It
Fluff
Avengers cuddling
everyone loves phil
Even though Phil doesn't know it
Seriously this is sappy
And probably OOC
Indulgently schmoopy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

