Work Text:

When the file is pushed under Steve’s door (and there must be a better way to share confidential information), he snatches it up, knuckles creasing white. He leaves it on the coffee table, unopened. He leaves it on the bedside locker, the kitchen counter; he leaves it balanced on the edge of the bathroom sink and it’s a little damp and curling around the edges when Nick Fury calls to ask if he’s taking the mission. 
 
It is no secret that Steve Rogers never backs down from a challenge. 
 
It is no secret that the Winter Soldier represents, at least, a challenge. 
 
The secret. The secret is. 
 
+
 

Have you ever been in contact with the Winter Soldier?

 

No, sir. No. 

 

(It is a lie.)

 
+
 
It is St Petersburg. It is last year. No, it is the year before. He wears a mask and you’ve never heard of him. 
 
He is affronted. He’s heard of you. Everyone has heard of Captain America. He tells you that you’re not subtle.You fight in a flag and a cowl. You are the embodiment of everything that is good about America, he says, and he trails off.  You add that, contrary to popular opinion, there is still good in America. 
 
He doesn’t like that. He tells you that he’s supposed to kill you and you tell him that he’ll have a job of it. You don’t die easily. 
 
He grins, sharp and familiar, and he adjusts his leather gloves. 
 
You are both standing in a doorway on Nevsky Prospekt. The snow is thick on the ground, piled against the buildings and you say that you’d like to see more of the world before you do die. 
 
He tells you that Moscow Railway Station is that way, and he jerks his head. There is snow in his long, thick hair. He leans in close to you and his hand is on the side of your throat and it’s firm enough to bruise. He presses you against the doorframe and he kisses you. 
 
You wonder, later, in Cuzco, in Vancouver, in Nairobi, if it will always be like this; if kissing any man is like kissing Bucky Barnes.
 
+
 
Steve peels open the file. He lays out the pages of grainy CCTV photographs and hand-written reports from the days when everything was low-tech and some SHIELD agents used fountain pens with blue ink that has faded and had handwriting that puts Steve’s neat cursive to shame.
 
He learns that the Winter Soldier’s next target is in Rome. There is a two-day window. She is a high-powered executive with a fondness for conservation, fair trade and personal accountability. Steve thinks he likes the sound of her. He’d rather she didn’t die.
 
So. It’s a Quinjet to Rome. Natasha flies because she won the game of Paper-Scissors-Rock-Lizard-Coulson against Clint. He comes too, sulking and shotgun. He always picks Coulson. 
 
Fury says it’s not a three-person job. The Winter Soldier has evaded capture for years (perhaps decades) and he disdains kill orders and he is wanted, dead or alive. Iron Man and the Hulk will be joining them, once Thor arrives from Asgard.
 
The Winter Soldier was, according to Natasha, the pride and joy of the Red Room. A perfectly-constructed human weapon. 
 
“Does he come with an instruction manual?” Clint asks. “Flat-pack assassin. IKEA will be doing them next, you’ll see.” 
 
Natasha clips his ear. 
 
Steve sits in the back and wipes his mouth and does not think.
 
+
 
“We’ve got to stop meeting like this.”
 
It’s dark and Steve has no idea where they are. He has pursued the Winter Soldier through decaying catacombs and a disused palazzo and he should know better by now. He should know that not all villains run with an escape route in mind. Some villains run as though they’re children, sprinting for the joy of it, and I am Captain America and you can be the bad guy and that’s why they are locked in what amounts to an overgrown closet that doesn’t open from the inside.
 
“I can’t let you kill her,” Steve says, for want of anything better to say. 
 
“Believe it or not, Captain, Afua Henderson was not my target.” 
 
Something cold settles in the pit of Steve’s stomach. 
 
“Relax, Captain. I’m not going to kill you. My plan went awry, much like my escape route, and I’d rather not share a closet with a corpse.” 
 
“That’s a relief.” (Working with Agent Coulson has given Steve a new appreciation for a perfectly dry delivery.)
 
“Where are you?”
 
“I should think the options are rather limited,” says Steve and then a hand closes around his wrist. (Metal, adamantium-alloy, he remembers. A different weapon for every day of the week.) “You do know that my team will find me, don’t you?”
 
“Ah, the Avengers.” Steve thinks he can hear a smile in the Soldier’s cool tones. “A team of reprobates, if ever there was one. Do they bask in your illustrious presence, Captain?”
 
Steve doesn’t understand why the Soldier talks as if he is the best of men. A metal forefinger rubs over the inside of Steve’s wrist and makes him shiver. Steve buries his hand in that thick, long hair and he breathes against the Winter Soldier’s lips. 
 
It should not be comforting. He is not the best of men. He kis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
the healing power of cock

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

