Work Text:
What no one had expected was that Steve Rogers would be the first to knocked out of commission.“I'm fine,” Steve said, and it would've been much more reassuring if he wasn't in the act of falling on his face when he said it.  Thor caught him without difficulty and wrestled him back into the bed at SHIELD medical.  “Guys, it's fine, I'm just a little-”He rolled towards the other side of the bed, away from Thor, and went out of the bed headfirst.  Clint, Tony and Bruce grabbed for him, and with Thor grabbing the back of Steve's shirt, they managed to get him back into bed.  “Jesus,” Clint managed, breathing hard, “you are a pain in the ASS, Rogers, just stay still!”“We need to-” Steve said and Tony threw his hands in the air.“Stay still,” he snapped.  “Steve, you can barely sit up, and you damn well sure can't stand up.”  He leaned over the bed, snagging Steve's uniform shirt and wrestling him back down.  “And it's really disconcerting to see you staggering around like a drunk with a broken ankle.”“I'm-”Bruce was checking his chart.  “You're really not,” he said.  “You will be, but whatever that ray was that Dr. Doom hit you with, it's thrown your inner ears all out of whack.  You'll recover, but right now?  The vertigo must be so bad that I'm surprised you're not throwing up.”Tony leaned over Steve's bed, smoothing a hand over the other man's forehead.  The skin was clammy and cold to the touch, and he frowned.  “Close your eyes,” Tony said, canting his body low over Steve's to study his face.  He could hear Steve's breathing, rapid and uneven, a faint hint of panic hidden in it.“I'm fine-”“You are not fine, and you just need to relax for a minute.  I swear, we won't try to replace you or find a new Super Soldier.”  Tony put a hand over Steve's eyes, feeling Steve's lashes flutter like wings against the sensitive skin of his palm.  He leaned over and kissed Steve's forehead, letting his lips linger there.  “Breathe.  Slow and deep.”“Tony-”“Humor me,” Tony said, and he had to smile at Steve's long suffering sigh.  He leaned over, his lips almost against Steve's ear, and took a deep breath of his own, and another.  He felt as much as heard Steve match his breathing to Tony's.  It was instinctive, and Tony wished he could curl up on the narrow medbay bed beside Steve's solid, familiar form.Of course, if he did that, there was no way that Steve would miss the fact that Tony was running a fever. So instead, Tony just let his lips brush against Steve's ear.  “I love you,” he whispered.  “And I need you to just stay here until you're feeling better.”“Tony-”“Please,” Tony said, and he lifted his hand.  He was reassured by the fact that Steve's eyes, when the fluttered open, were clear and bright, and he'd regained a little of the color in his cheeks.  “C'mon, Rogers.  You're the worst patient ever.”“Oh, I am not taking that from YOU,” Steve said, but his lips twitched.  He reached up, and Tony took an instinctive step back, catching Steve's palm between both of his.  He squeezed the big hand.  “If anything happens, I need you to tell me what's going on,” he said, and the anxiety was there in his voice, in the set of his mouth, in the way his free hand clutched at the sheets.  Panic just barely leashed, and Tony smiled down at him, warm and affectionate, trying his best to be reassuring.“It's okay, Cap,” he said.  “You're not going to stay here.  Look at me, you know that, right?  The serum, and your natural stubbornness, will get you through this, and you'll be back out in the field chewing our asses soon enough.”Steve let out a faint snort of laughter, his eyes closing as he sucked in a long, slow breath.  “I could make a very tacky joke here.”“I wish you would, you know how I like you talking dirty,” Tony said, because the team had long since beat a hasty retreat, Natasha hustling the boys out.  Since it was just the two of them...  “Is it about my ass?  Because that would be nice.  I always suspected you were checking out my ass in the field, Steve, that is just-”  He shook his head.  “That is unbelievably hot.  Because let me tell you, your uniform-”“Stop!” Steve's cheeks were flushed red, and for the first time since he'd gone down on the Manhattan street, his whole body twisting and arching against the shattered concrete, Tony felt himself start to relax. “My GOD, Tony, you are just incorrigible.”“Is that forties slang for 'dirty pervert?'” Tony asked.Steve grinned at him, but even the minute movement of his head in Tony's direction seemed to make him unsteady.  “I love you.  Be careful.”  It was an order, and Tony nodded.  “If anything happened to you-”Tony rolled his eyes.  “I'm in a suit of armor, and I've still got four people watching my back.  You're not that important, Captain Overprotective.”“Tony-”“I'll be careful,” Tony said, and leaned over to kiss his forehead.  When he straightened back up, he had to fight a momentary feeling of dizziness of his own.  He ignored it; there were a couple o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
sick
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark is a Dumbass

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

