Chapter 1





Chapter Text


i've learned of many pains and woes from these years of my own life
but why is it that i'm still aching inside?
– Glow, English lyrics by кran

Growing up, Steve wasn't quite sure what to think of about his blank wrist. His mother, Sarah, had a name on her wrist – his father, Joseph Rogers – and Bucky had a name on his wrist when Steve met him, but there was no name on his.“There will be a name there one day,” his mother told him when he asked. “Everyone has someone out there for them; they're just not always born at the same time as you.”Steve thought about that, but it wasn't exactly true. Bucky's mom didn't have a name on her wrist and neither did the nice lady who lived three apartments down from them. The only difference between them was that Bucky's mom had gotten married to a man who never said anything about the name on his wrist and the nice lady, Miss Johnson, hadn't.“Just because they don't have a name on their wrist doesn't mean that there isn't someone waiting for them.”Steve was five and thought that his mother had the answers to everything.

– – –
When Steve was eleven, the stock market crashed. That was when his life started to fall apart.Steve classified his life as Before and After. There was life Before where things might not have been easy, but that was a time when he was happy, when his mother smiled and his father was a little bit distant but a steady constant in his life. After, there were shouting matches in the night and his father came home smelling of smoke and cheap whiskey; his mother would be in the kitchen in the morning with bruises.He knew better than to ask.When things got really bad, when his father was yelling and throwing bottles, and his mother was working, Steve stayed with Bucky. Things weren't good with Bucky, but at least his parents weren't yelling at each other and at least Mrs. Barnes never stood in the kitchen with blank eyes and bruises on her arms.He could hear his parents yelling at each other through the thin walls of the apartment. He wanted to cover his ears with the pillow on Bucky's bed, but Bucky was there beside him turning up the radio and that was enough.Mrs. Barnes gave him a sympathetic look when he had to leave in the evenings.“If you ever need anything,” she said, her voice soft and her eyes imploring. “You know you always have a place here, Steve.”“I know.” He tried to smile but his cheeks hurt too much.She nodded, not looking convinced, and ruffled his hair, “You should get home, your mother will be worried about you.”She never mentioned his father.

– – –
His father never laid hands on him, but Steve knew he was the focus of most of the arguments. If they weren't arguing about his health, how expensive it was to treat him, then he was yelling about how worthless Steve was. He tried not to let it show how much the words hurt him.“You're perfect the way you are,” Sarah said. She ruffled his hair at him and smiled, but it looked painful and wrong; her cheek was swelled up and an ugly shade of blue-black. “Don't listen to anything he says about you.”Sarah kissed his forehead before tucking him into bed and leaving the room.Steve lay there for several long hours, staring at the ceiling. His father had fallen asleep on the couch, drunk, and smelling strongly of liquor. Steve had long since gotten used to the smell.But the words he'd said when he'd stumbled into the apartment kept playing across the ceiling, like they were written in smoke.
“Damn worthless kid doesn't even have a name on his wrist; kid's broken and you know it.”
Broken? Yes, yes he was. Steve knew that. It was in the tone of the doctors when they tut-tutted over how underweight he was, how his immune system wasn't good enough, the asthma, the heart murmur; he wasn't going to live past his fifteenth birthday, the doctors said. It was a shame, they said, but perhaps for the best that his wrist stayed blank.Blank. Steve heard the word everywhere, always whispered behind hands. If you were a blank, then you weren't worth anything.He looked at his blank wrist and wished for a name to appear. Maybe then he wouldn't be such a failure as a son, maybe then his mother wouldn't look at him with those sad eyes.No matter how many prayers he sent, a name never appeared.
– – –Sarah ran her fingers through Steve's hair; the two of them were sitting on his bed, leaning against the wall and watching as the rain struck the window. Joseph was out drinking – Sarah never said anything, but Steve knew because his mother only ever got that tight pained look on her face when he did – and he wouldn't be back until late in the evening.“Do you ever regret it?” Steve asked.“Your father?” Sarah blinked, pulling Steve closer so that his head was resting on her shoulder. “There are times I do, yes. But he gave me you. That's more than I could ever ask for.”“He hurt you.”Her grip tightened, just a hair but Steve noticed it. “We're all hurting right now. It's not... it's the drink.”But th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Romance
Angst
Canonical Character Death
Fluff
Community: avengerkink
Work In Progress

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Thor

