Work Text:
Clint knew he’d fucked up big this time. Since joining S.H.I.E.L.D., he’d come to understand the unspoken rules of the organization--the ones that ran just beneath the surface of the suit-and-tie exterior. There were two sets of regulations: the ones that everyone knew and almost everyone bent or broke, and the ones that were left unspoken and never, ever disobeyed. He’d learned which of the first set he could get away with ignoring. And he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt which of the second could get him tossed onto the street, after several intensive bouts of cognitive reconditioning to make him forget he’d ever even heard of the organization. He knew he had crossed that second line today. No one had said anything yet. But as he paced in Fury’s office, too on-edge to sit still, he could feel it. It vibrated around him, making the air thick and hard to breathe. The usually-spacious office felt confining, its large windows doing nothing to make him feel less trapped. Instead, he just felt more exposed. Fury was reading the report silently. At his side, Agent Hill was standing at parade rest, hands clasped behind her back as she gazed, firm-jawed and tight-lipped, at Clint. Agent Coulson stood off to one side, leaning against a countertop and keeping his gaze unfocused, aimed at some neutral point near Fury’s desk. He wouldn’t meet Clint’s eyes. That was the worst of it. He’d written the report, and Clint knew that what he’d said could make or break him here. He didn’t have to see it to know it would be hard-lined and accurate: Agent Coulson was nothing if not completely professional. The fact that he wouldn’t meet Clint’s eyes made this harder to bear. Shit. Finally, Director Fury set the report down on his desk, folding his hands on top of it, and looking up to meet Clint’s eyes. Clint stopped pacing. You didn’t move under a gaze like that. “Agent Barton,” he said, and his voice was quiet, not the hard edge of steel Clint had been expecting. Instead, he sounded...regretful. Disappointed. Clint decided immediately that was about eight thousand times worse. Fury yelling at him, he could take. Fury resigned was Fury writing him off as a loss, and that...That was unacceptable. “Sir, I had the shot,” he gritted, hating that the words sounded like a plea. “I hadhim. I had to take it.” “Against Agent Coulson’s direct orders.” “If we didn’t act soon, those people were going to die, sir.” “Two of them nearly did, Agent Barton, because we did not have accurate intel about their locations inside the structure.” “All due respect, sir, gathering intel isn’t my job.” “No. It isn’t,” Fury sighed. “Your job is to obey the direct orders of your superiors until such time as they determine what course of action is likely to bring about the best possible results for everyone involved.” “We saved seven junior agents,” Clint snapped, fingers curling into fists. “Not to mention a handful of civilians. I’d call that a win, sir.” Fury sighed. “And that is precisely what concerns me,” he said. “This organization runs on a network of specialized skill sets. Each individual within, from the newest Junior Agent to myself, must know and understand exactly what his set entails, and must have the utmost trust in those around him to carry out their own part of the mission.” “But I had the shot, sir,” Clint insisted, raking a hand through his hair. “And it worked, didn’t it?” “Taking that shot was not your call to make,” Fury snapped. “You disobeyed a direct order from your superior, and in doing so, put many lives at unnecessary risk. Do you understand why we are concerned?” “I understand no one likes me being right,” Clint snapped back, unable to stop himself. Dammit, he’d had the shot. Coulson not calling it shouldn’t be the issue, here, not when they’d pulled it off. When he’d known better, for once. “You weren’t right,” Fury said. “You were lucky. The fact that you don’t seem to understand the difference is incredibly distressing from my perspective.” Clint clenched his jaw, his fingertips digging into his palms. He nodded, once, curtly. If Fury had gotten to calling him a distressing idiot, things were pretty much over. “Understood, sir. I imagine this is where you tell me to go to hell?”Fury turned his attention to Coulson, then. “We need to decide how we are going to proceed,” he said. Coulson nodded, eyes still lowered. “Understood, sir,” he said softly. “For the time being, Agent Hill will take over your other agents and responsibilities. Until such time as you can get this situation under control, you are effectively relieved of your duties. Is that understood?” “Yes, sir.” “Wait, what?” Clint narrowed his eyes, panic stirring in his chest. “Hey...no, this was on me, not Coulson. You can’t...”“Thank you, Agent Barton, that is quite enough,” Fury said, holding up a hand. “Agent Coulson has a responsibility as your handler to ensure your understanding of crucial mission parameters, which was clearly not the case here. Un
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Mild S&M
Age Play
Light Dom/sub
Trust Issues
Sweet
Sappy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

