Work Text:
He cannot recall the way Muninn's black-tipped feather tore at his insides when they forced it into his body, how he screamed himself hoarse and fought against those who held him down, the desperate tone to his cries when he invoked the name of the All Father as they ripped away his magics, his birthright, everything that made him him.  But he supposes that was rather the point.

The stares of disgust, of rage, of black amusement when Thor’s pathetic little team finds him. He remembers those well. *
The prison in which they throw him bears a striking resemblance to the first one, the odd glass alloy cage meant to hold another. He knows not what Thor tells them, if he details the humiliating sentence meted out by Odin Spear-Shaker, an effective neutering where death would have been kinder. Loki Laufeyson, the would-be usurper, little more than the sum of his failures and gaping schisms, rendered as mortal as the rest of the squealing vermin on this little mud ball and doomed to live the rest of his life as such.

Surely they are seated around a table at this very moment, a democracy of righteousness and ridiculous pretend names (Captain America – how positively droll), deciding his fate. Thor will reason on his behalf like the fool he is, and the others will use Loki’s charge against the Earth as rebuttal. He is a war criminal. The humans have their moments of clarity in matters such as these and there will be no asylum for him.

He touches the wall, presses his fingers to it and relishes the coolness of the glass. It is far too hot in here, and his temples bear sweat. His hair sticks to his jaw, the back of his neck, and it is uncomfortable. He does not like the feeling. He has never felt this before; his body has always been cold.

The doors slide open and the man dressed in black – Nick Fury, of S.H.I.E.L.D – strides in, shoulders straight and with all the  smug impudence one can imbue a single eyeball. At least Odin had the decency to feign respect for his enemies.

"So, here we are," Fury says, and Loki ponders the many ways he could dress the man in his own intestines. "Didn't expect to see you again so soon. Or at all.

Loki smiles with all his teeth. "Asgardian justice is not what it once was, I suppose. So tell me, boot, what is to be this ant's fate? I imagine it will be something terribly painful under the guise of being humane. Do you intend to make me suffer for my many crimes?"

Fury says nothing, seemingly content to stand in silence and stare. It causes Loki's skin to do something peculiar. He twitches and scratches at a complaint that does not exist, finds himself restless. The cage is not small, but neither is it big, and the desire to pace from one side to the other is nearly overwhelming. They are not in the air this time; he wonders what would happen now if he "so much as scratched this glass".

He presses, because that is what he does, immortal or not. "And how is Agent Barton? I must say, I do rather miss his company. Now there is a mind to which I can relate. Does your little organization do extensive psychological testing, Director? If not, it may behoove you to start."

Anger, or its crippled brother, flares briefly in Fury's single eye, which leads Loki to take in the scars that peek from beneath the patch he wears over the other. The raised lines are intriguing, almost as if they were tattooed into the skin. He wonders if there is an eye still lurking under that leather sheath, or if there is a dark abyss that aches with envy for something to fill it.

The tilt of Fury's head dares Loki to continue, and in the name of self-preservation he says nothing else. He does hope Fury can read everything else he would like to say on his face. Judging by the downturn of Fury's mouth, he can.

"You killed a lot of people, you know. A lot of people. That kind of loss of life --"

"Spare me your sanctimonious babble, Director," Loki hisses, wishing for his scepter more than anything. "How many people have you killed in your tenure with S.H.I.E.L.D? How many has your spy woman killed? Between just the two of you, there is an ocean of blood. And your hulking beast? Have you counted the bodies it has left in its wake? Shall I enumerate to you the death toll of which my brother was once so very proud? The hands of you and yours are just as stained as mine, perhaps more. You are not my better, you are not my keeper, and you are certainly not my father, so do not stand before me and recount my offenses without acknowledging your own."

Halfway through his speech, he realizes he is not speaking to Fury at all. These are the words built up over time, caked with disappointment, ice, and jötun blood, and he hadn't said them when he had the chance. He stood in front of the All Father, silent, unable to force the words out, and oh, how deeply would they have cut if he had. But he couldn't, and they forced Muninn's feather into him anyway.

It hardly matters. Death is coming for him and soon he wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Post-Film
Spoilers
Doom bots
Math
Don't copy to another website

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

