Work Text:


It’s not Steve’s usual routine when he flops back onto his couch, rests his bare feet on the coffee table, and drags the box of Ray’s pizza towards him. It is, however, a nice, well-needed break after a long week of work, and as he lifts the first slice of Supreme to his mouth, bits of Italian sausage rolling into his lap, he’s ready to put everything behind him and spend the weekend relaxing.What he doesn’t count on is the knock on his door.He eyes the pizza, then the door, before sighing heavily and dropping the slice back into the box, his stomach protesting loudly. So close, yet so far. Slowly, he lets his feet fall to the floor and pushes himself up, not even bothering to mute the TV before he takes the three steps needed to reach the door. Peering through the peephole, he finds a man standing there, probably a fair few years younger than himself, staring at the phone in his hand and chewing his lip in thought. He has no idea who it is, so he keeps his foot jammed behind the door as he unlocks it and pulls it open.“Can I help you?” he asks, trying his hardest not to wipe his greasy fingers down his pants. The man startles slightly, but quickly composes himself.“Whoa. Hey there, big boy,” he says, eyes blatantly raking up and down Steve’s body before briefly darting back to the glowing screen. “Would you by any chance happen to be Steve Rogers?”Steve frowns and braces the door in a firmer grip.“Who’s asking?”The man tucks his phone into his pocket and glances briefly behind him with a roguish grin.“Who are you expecting? FBI? Italian mob? Your Great-Aunt Ethel?”Steve moves to shut the door, because the last thing he needs is some thug playing a prank on him, but the man holds his hands up in surrender and calls him back.“No, no! I’m sorry. Small talk isn’t my thing. Actually, conversations aren’t my thing; I’m more of a hands-on guy. Look, do you mind if I come in? I know, it’s weird, why would you let some stranger in your house? But does it help if I tell you I know your friend Bucky?”Steve narrows his eyes and doesn’t give in.“How do you know him?”“I need a place to stay and he said you could put me up for a night.”“He what? Wait here.”He shuts the door in the man’s face and walks back into his kitchen, where his phone sits charging. He pulls the cable free, the battery already half-full, and makes his way back over to the door. He dials Bucky’s number and pulls the door open, finding the stranger biting at the skin around his thumb. He stops when he notices Steve standing there as though ashamed to be caught, but Steve just listens to the ringing, waiting for Bucky to pick up.“Steve? What’s up?”He holds his phone against his shoulder, keeping Bucky from hearing as he speaks to the man.“What’s your name?” he asks and the man tilts his head to one side.“Tony.”He puts his cell back up to his ear and takes a calming breath.“Do you know Tony?”“Who?”Steve raises an eyebrow at Tony, but the man doesn’t look at all guilty.“He said you’d told him I’d let him stay for a night.”“Oh!” Bucky says as though realisation finally dawns. “Your present!”Steve frowns and shifts from foot to foot uncomfortably.“My present?”Tony meets his gaze and smiles, teeth unnervingly white as though he’s a model in toothpaste commercials.“Yeah. Is he around 5’11”, dark hair, with an ass you could bounce dimes off of?”Steve glances across at Tony and blushes. He doesn’t know about the ass business, but Tony notices his reaction and raises an eyebrow.“Oh. Um, yeah, sort of. What’s he doing on my doorstep?”“Happy Birthday!”“No,” he says firmly, but Bucky just laughs. “You can’t be serious. I will not have a – a – in my house.”Tony looks mildly insulted, but Steve angles away from him and pointedly ignores him.“C’mon, Steve, lighten up. It’s your birthday. Look, you don’t even need to do anything with him. Ask him to play scrabble with you, or get him to give you a massage. He might even be willing to dust your livingroom for you if you ask nicely. He’s yours for the night, so put him to good use.”“Bucky,” he stresses into the silence. “Bucky!”There’s no answer and he knows Bucky has ended the call, leaving him frustrated and annoyed, and this was not how his evening was meant to go.“You said you needed somewhere to stay,” he rounds on Tony, anger barely contained, and Tony has the audacity to glare back.“I do, and it just so happens that I’ve been paid to stay in your house. Win-win situation, really.”“Except for me.”Tony shrugs.“You get to fuck me.”Steve hates that he blushes, but he can’t help it.“Keep your voice down,” he hisses, eyeing his neighbour’s door as though they’ve got a cup pressed against the wood, listening in on their conversation.“I can’t believe your friend hired a hooker!” Tony exclaims and Steve grabs him by the arm and tugs him into his apartment before slamming the door behind them.“What did I just say?” Steve says folding his arms and drawing himself up to his full height, hoping it’ll knock Tony do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve/Tony

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Prostitution
First Time

fandom: 
Steve/Tony

