Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 The first time Dr Foster was relocated, SHIELD considered it a good idea to move anyone else associated with her project as well. So Darcy went with her. New Mexico was getting hot and boring, and when she finally learned why she was being moved, she was more than okay with it. Same with the second move to Chicago and a setup in Fermilab. She saw buffalo herds and went hiking and all was pretty good.After the third time, she was told just go back to school and finish up her degree, and that separation probably would help her not to be a target herself. School is quiet, although she can occasionally see a uniform here and there, and her advisor is legitimately freaked out of his mind when she turns in her internship assignment and half of it is blacked out as classified.“They just do not pay me enough to read both astrophysics and Nordic Gods in the same paper, Darcy, and that’s just what I am allowed to read,” he says before reviewing her schedule for her last semester, approving her override for International Conflicts and Security. She thinks that after her internship, she should take a break from inter-realm conflicts and focus on the ones on this planet instead.Darcy’s only regret is that her ipod was returned wiped.                                                                                                                      *Jane keeps in touch, of course, because they had bonded over the internship into something more than a mentor-thing, but less than BFF’s. She’s moved a few more times before Tony and Dr Selvig gang up on her and move her into the Tower and one of the labs is given over to her use.“How’s the roof?” Darcy asks. Her priorities are totally in place. Jane can’t think without a good roof. She also can’t go pretend she can see Thor in the night sky without a good roof.“They tell me it’s a magnificent view, but I can’t see anything useful,” Jane says over Skype three weeks before graduation, “Tony Stark is ruining my life. His tower puts off too much light. But he offered to do your Commencement Address, right until Pepper got this little eyebrow arch going and said something about his last speech at MIT and he choked on his whiskey.” Jane talks about the Avengers like friends, or at the very least people who aren’t getting in the way of her research and it’s a little disconcerting that she’s on a first name basis with fucking Iron Man. Then again, Jane’ also s dating the Norse God of Thunder after hitting him with a car and that’s still not the weirdest part of her life.Jane comes to Darcy’s graduation, bearing Captain America’s congratulations, which startles Darcy just a little bit, because they have never met (because, hello, it’s Captain America. Normal people don’t just get random messages from superheroes. But apparently, Darcy isn’t normal anymore) and Jane doesn’t talk about him that much. “He hasn’t quite realized that college these days for most people is a sleep away camp with even more beer and sex. It’s a big deal to him.”“I’m sure he’ll get over it when I’m still unemployed in six months,” Darcy’s cap is crooked, but she’s got a magna cum laude stole and is so far resisting the urge to turn it into a headband or something. Because she’s an adult now.Jane also comes with a small complement of agents, but apparently they are like, junior agents in fucking training or something because Darcy remembers walking on the stage and then comes to in a cramped cell. It’s not even tall enough to stand up in as she finds out when she reopens her head wound she apparently obtained earlier. She sits back down to apply pressure before the rest of her is covered in blood. Her head hurts and the lack of coffee is also pressing behind her eyes, and she struggles to get her bearings straight. She’s not wearing her gown anymore, but she’s wearing the green dress and leggings she was wearing underneath it, which are all in pretty much one piece.  She really could have used that stole though to put pressure on her head.As the bleeding subsides, she takes stock of the cell. There’s light, and actually plenty of it from a ceiling panel, an empty bucket in the right corner — ew, and on her left are two plastic bottles of water and a protein bar.  The walls are solid, and the door has a single small panel that doesn’t look like it opens from her side. There’s not much noise from outside of the walls, but there is some, and it’s obviously human movement. But otherwise, she’s completely alone.She opens the water, drinks some of it — SHIELD gave her some survival training after the first safe house was compromised, and she knows to conserve whatever she can, but she uses a little more to flush the dirt out of her obvious wounds. Darcy tells herself that all she has to do is be where she is, just like as if she got lost at the mall as a kid. Stay in one place, which isn’t really a problem, cause it doesn’t seem like anyone is coming to threaten or torture her. She can’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Post-Canon
gratuitous social media references
Women Being Awesome
Complete
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

