Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was impossible to miss something you never had. You could regret the lack, Tony supposed, but you could never really know what it felt like to have it, so you couldn’t exactly miss it. Maybe there was a blessing in that, the lack of knowledge. Like being born without an appendage. You missed the perceived ease that graced the lives of others, but you couldn’t miss the thing itself. You had no conception of a world where the phantom limb once made you whole.He liked to think that, sometimes. Sometimes, it helped to think that. It wasn’t a lie, not exactly. It wasn’t truth, either, he could admit now. It was something in between. Grace, his mother would have said, and that might be the most apt description, because grace never came without pain or sacrifice, but that was what made it mean something.Tony shrugged out of his tuxedo jacket and undid the small buttons at the cuffs of the crisply starched white shirt, then rolled up the sleeves, right hand rubbing over the titanium band that circled his left wrist. He caught his reflection in the three-paneled mirror above the bureau and ran light fingers up and down the center row of buttons, stopping briefly to tap on the hard plane of blue that shone through the white shirt.Pain and sacrifice, he thought, sucking in a breath and feeling strangely grateful when it smelled lightly of sandalwood, something the maid thought he liked, and not the rank, vaguely stale air of a cave. Old air, he thought. He suspected his last breath would taste of old air, but that wasn’t something he shared with anyone. Certainly not today of all days.Today was for celebrating, and he was happy for them, how could he not be? After all, what would it say about him if he weren’t , if a part of him hated them both a little, wanted to go back and change the past and take this away from them? What kind of person would he be if thought about that?Well, it would probably say a lot, he thought viciously, scrubbing his face with his hand and turning away from the image in the mirror doing the same.He wasn’t sure when he realized he was different. Wrong-different. When had his parents’ glances had gone from concerned to furtive to something that might have been pitying? If it had been pity, it had quickly become laced with something darker, maybe their own guilt slowly burning into penance, he couldn’t be sure. They’d done a damn good job making themselves unhappy, that much was certain, until his father spent more days trying to bury a ghost than raise a son.He remembered always knowing not to talk about it. It wasn’t said explicitly, at least, not until much later, but he knew. He knew. Keep it hidden. Don’t tell. Don’t talk about, not ever, because if they know, if they know, it will be bad, wrong-bad, and they would know. They would know about him, and they would look at him the way his mother did, with her pinched face, sadness and horror and shame warring with guilt and usually losing. Winner gets a bottle of chardonnay, he thought, the memory, old as it was, still able to sting. She’d loved him, true, but she’d hated herself more, and that was something he could never forgive. He’d needed her, at least, to love him enough to lie to him.He could still see the circus wallpaper border in the doctor’s office. It was an incredibly vivid memory, clear and precise, undimmed by the passing of decades. Some sort of line of demarcation, he supposed. There had been a blue train with a smiling face pulling grinning, brightly colored animals in puffy-barred cages behind it.  Sometimes, he could feel the sticky thin sheet of paper covering the faux leather exam table rubbing against the backs of his thighs while the doctor talked in low tones to his mother, patting her gently on the shoulder. Consoling, he knew now. He remembered the way the doctor had recoiled, drawing back and dropping Tony’s wrist as if it burned, before he regained some composure.
“It should be there by now, right? I mean, I know some children are late-bloomers, but…it should be there, shouldn’t it, Doctor?” his mother’s voice pressed, high and shrill and already sure that something was terribly wrong.
Afterwards, he’d asked if they could go to the circus. She had promised they would. He’d wanted a balloon, red, like the one the clown in the wallpaper was holding, and maybe some cotton candy. Jarvis had taken him, eventually, the first of many half-fulfilled promises that he didn’t realize at the time were each a step away from him. He’d gotten that and so much more, anything he wanted, in fact, all given at a careful distance. They’d given him everything they could, too much, really. He could see it now, the way they tried to fill something he didn’t know was empty until years later.Tony walked to the dark-paneled bar and poured a dark, amber liquid into one of the glasses. He lifted the cubed tumbler and took a long swallow, relishing the familiar burn as the alcohol ran down his throat and soured i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Fanart
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

