Work Text:
Matt doesn't flinch when the arrow strikes the shoulder of the man before him, though he knows his face probably has a look of distaste on it. The man on the other hand, screams like that's all he knows how to do.
With a sigh, Matt pushes him to the ground and strikes him so he'll stay there.
'If you've killed anyone, I will not be pleased.' He calls out to the man who shot the arrow, whose bowstring he can smell on the building behind him. The archer stands up and hops down onto the fire escape beneath him then to the ground behind Matt. He lands that jump with more grace than Matt expects of someone his size. Some acrobatic training then.
'Hey, it's a perfectly legitimate tactic sometimes, if not the most tasteful one.' Matt recognises the voice, though it takes him a moment to place it. Hawkeye, of course. Foggy'll be pleased. 'But I can adapt to my comrades' styles. I'll keep the death toll to nothing while I'm fighting with you.'
Matt doesn't look back at him as he jumps for the fire escape in front of him. 'I'm not fighting with you. You're going to need to call an ambulance if you want to keep that death toll down.'
He's on the roof before Hawkeye finds his voice. 'Hey, my name is Clint! If you change your mind, I'll be around.'
But Matt isn't interested in having anything to do with any of the Avengers. It isn't going to help protect Hell's Kitchen and Matt can't be sure that his identity won't be revealed to the public if he gets himself involved with their team.
Best to escape now.

********

If only it was that easy.
It takes everything Matt has not to react when he hears the pair of heartbeats approaching the fight he's in the middle of. One is accompanied by the oily smell of his bow and the other person is definitely female from the sound of her steps. Hawkeye is back and this time he's brought the Black Widow.
Matt ducks a punch, kicks out at the man behind him and darts out of the way of Hawkeye's arrow.
'Nice move!' Hawkeye calls as Widow moves into position beside Matt. He ignores her as the second to last man standing lunges at him. Matt lets the man knock him to the ground but in an instant has him flipped and is able to punch him thoroughly. Beside him, he can hear Widow's quiet movements as she knocks around the final man and above them, Hawkeye's bow is definitely strung.
Okay, so sometimes backup doesn't hurt. Not that Matt is going to admit that out loud and he still doesn't want the Avengers at his back. Ever.
The moment he hears Widow's attacker's heartbeat settle into the steady beat of the unconscious, he's on his feet and headed for a nearby roof.
'Oh come on. Let us introduce ourselves at least!'
Matt pauses on the edge of the roof, then shifts, so he's perching on it. 'You're Clint Barton, also known as Hawkeye. And you're Natasha Romanov, the Black Widow.' Matt smirks at them. 'No introductions necessary.'
Clint throws something at him and it's only at the last moment that Matt realises it's a phone and he should probably catch it. Luck is on his side and making the catch doesn't send him falling off the roof.
'Our numbers are already programmed into that,' Widow says evenly. 'It's a burner, no tracker but if you want to swap the numbers over to another phone we'll still answer.'
'Call us if you need a hand.'
Matt takes off, resolved to never calling them.

********

They send Captain America after him the next time.
Or at least, that's what Matt thinks the moment the heavy set man with the Brooklyn accent joins him in his fight and throws his attacker the length of the street. Matt steps back and listens to Captain America fight, impressed in spite of himself. He'd always loved the Captain America comics Dad’d had and a book on the man's life (including his start as a disabled man) had been one of the first books he'd gotten in braille as a present after the accident. To this day Matt doesn't know where Dad found it but he still has it.
'You going to just stand there?' Captain America asks. 'Or can I get a hand?'
'Seems like you had it covered.' Matt smirks but moves back into the fight with the two men who hadn't fled when they realised who they were fighting.
They're unconscious in moments and Matt cocks his head at Captain America. 'You here to try the pitch?'
There's a sheepish laugh. 'I was actually out for an evening run, would you believe it?'
If Matt couldn't hear the man's heartbeat, no. He wouldn't. But he can so he nods. 'Funnily enough, I do.'
A long pause. 'Well, since I am here, should I try the pitch?'
Matt shakes his head. 'It won't work.'
'Fair enough. Still, if you ever need the help, Avenger Tower's doors are always open.' Matt feels the shift in air as Captain America looks down. 'I'm not fond of this sort of thing, but I… I can understand wanting to make your home a better place.'
'Thank you.' Matt shifts and heads for the roof, hearing sirens in the distance. 'I'm not interested though.'
'Offer won't expire.'
Matt flees, unable to stay in his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Humor
Matt is Not an Avenger

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

