Work Text:
Tony has always struggled with the concepts of positive versus negative attention. Daddy issues out the wazoo, substance abuse problem, sexually promiscuous – he’s got Poor Little Rich Boy coming out of his pores and it would all be terribly cliché if he wasn’t also a Mensa-member-humanitarian-slash-titanium-plated-superhero. So yeah, he’s a therapist’s dream and nightmare rolled into one but that’s not the point. Attention is the point and getting his fill of it. Which isn’t actually a thing that exists - the whole world could tune into the Tony Stark Channel 24/7 and he doubts even that would be enough to sate the blackhole of need, but again, circle back, where was he?
Yes, right, attention – the good, the bad and the ugly, he’ll take all comers. So all things considered, he doesn’t think anyone should be shocked when he reverts to self-destruct mode once the rest of the team moves in to the mansion.
Drinking’s a given and not even something he thinks about. Besides, with an Asgardian in the house, a Russian, and an arrow-slinging assassin with a machismo complex, drinking contests are practically required. Like the booze, not eating or sleeping is really more Tony’s life philosophy than intentional self-harm, but, as he’d discovered far too quickly with Pepper, there’s something so much more viscerally satisfying about doing it when someone’s around to fuss over it.
That someone, both unexpected and not, happens to be Steve, and that’s its own other can of worms.
He supposes he can’t blame his father – not that he’s going to let that stop him – for never shutting the hell up about Cap when Tony was growing up. Having a national icon for a friend probably isn’t the kind of thing anybody could just shake off and now that he’s actually met Steve, it makes even more sense. The man uses the word ‘gosh’ without irony. A person shouldn’t be able to be that good.
Basically, Steve has managed to hit the ‘daddy never hugged me’ button, on top of the ‘punish people who care about me’ button, on top of the ‘does not play well with others’ and ‘has problems with authority figures’ buttons. Not to mention the childhood hero-worship thing and the fact that less perfect specimens of the male form have been chiseled out of marble by master sculptors. Anyone who's surprised that Tony becomes obsessed with getting Steve to notice him by whatever means necessary clearly doesn't know Tony very well.
For a while the arguments were enough, fighting Cap for every inch in team meetings or sparring matches or missions. Then that wasn’t giving him his fix so Tony started picking at him, setting the lights in his room to come on every hour during the night, making the TV randomly scan if the channel stayed fixed for more than ten minutes, screwing with the programming on his keycard so it would only let him into the house on odd-numbered minutes. It led to more fights, which was fine by Tony until the big tattle-tale got Fury involved and Tony almost lost his slot on the team. Again.
That’s when he started to bring boys home.
What could be better, right? Combining the drinking, which Steve already disapproved of, with clubbing and deviant, homosexual encounters, all in front of a man for whom the idea of condoms was still so scandalous as to be blush-worthy. It was an excellent plan, and one with the upshot of getting Tony laid on the regular.
Naturally Steve had to go and blow the whole thing out of the water with this weird, tight-lipped acceptance that would look a lot more familiar if Steve had red hair, tits, and a strawberry allergy.
As far as Tony’s concerned, that just means he has to try harder.
Tony’s stumbling a little, brain soaked through with the bite of tequila he can still taste on the tongue getting friendly with his tonsils. He’s purposefully avoided asking for the guy’s name because somehow that just seems dirtier than not making any effort to remember it. His shoulder twinges when he bumps against the framed picture of something or other that Pepper had hung in the hallway. He’s sure it’s very tasteful. Wishes it didn’t have such a sharp frame, though. But then it’s better because the guy is pressing him up against the bedroom door, a nice firm surface for him to-
Since when is the bedroom door warm?
“I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”
Tony would startle at the sound of Steve’s voice way too close, except he’s kind of trapped between whatshisname and the warm-and-breathing bedroom door that he has no choice but to conclude is actually Steve. And wow, actually, that would be a hell of a feature, now that he thinks about it – a Steve Rogers in place of every door in the mansion, make a damn fine security system and it adds to the décor.
Wait, stop, alto. First things first – be insulted about being kicked out of his own house, then start devising cloning-based-furniture projects.
“Hey, I live here. I own here,” he says indignantly, tipping his head back to look Steve in the… ear.
Alright, it is sud
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
First Time
Hurt/Comfort
Alcohol
Plot What Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)

