Work Text:
"Keep your arms straight.""It helps to give a little in the elbows.""You'll be unbalanced as you gain loft.""I said a little. You want a little, it's like shock absorbers. Tuck them close to your body, that'll help with stability. Otherwise you're going to look like this idiot the first time he took off.""Like you actually know what I looked like. You were drunk as hell."In a broad, green field next to the old Stark facility in upstate New York, Darcy, Tony, and Rhodey stood in a heavily armored semi-circle. After her run-in with real SHIELD, and despite Tony's pride at how she extricated herself from that situation by both telling them off and being arrogant enough to dare them to hold her, he decided that today was the day Darcy would to learn to fly her Iron Daughter (tm Tony) suit. Well, it was supposed to be the day. Tony and Rhodey had been arguing about the best way to fly for half an hour. "Which of us is actually the pilot, here?" Rhodey asked. "Uh, yeah, hello," Tony snorted. "I'm actually a pilot, too."Darcy groaned and put a gauntleted hand over her face. "Okay, we're all actually pilots here."Tony scowled and pointed a finger at her. "I'm still pissed you didn't let me teach you."Darcy huffed and pointed at Rhodey. "I'm still pissed he didn't teach me.""Okay, and I'm still pissed you didn't join the Air Force," Rhodey fired back at Darcy with his own finger point. "We had an agreement.""I was eleven!" Darcy exclaimed. "Wait a minute, wait a minute." Tony waved his arms, hydraulics hissing and whining to match his darkening temper. "What the hell sort of agreement? What were you doing with my daughter?""She liked the big transpo planes," Rhodey started to explain."I still like the big transpo planes," Darcy put in. "Dad, we need a C-17."Tony rolled his eyes. "We don't need a C-17.""I think we do." She smiled at him. "Phil has a C-17."His eyes narrowed. "Agent can— you know what? No. Still no." He turned back to Rhodey and glowered. "What was this agreement?""It was just that when she joined the Air Force she promised me she'd make sure I was there when she told you." Rhodey said with a stubborn, outthrust jaw. "It was payback for years of putting up with you.""You tried to recruit my eleven-year old daughter? As payback?" Tony's face twisted in outrage and they could all hear the whine of his gauntlet RTs powering up. "It wasn't like she was going to join then. And the joining wasn't payback, just the telling you part. And she could only join when she graduated college," Rhodey said in a rush, putting up his hands in a defensive position. "I was very clear on the need to go to college first.""Well, I think you're all nuts," Happy grumbled from his spot under the tent shelter set up at the edge of the field. Summer was relentless, the air smothering them all like a thick, hot syrup. Happy was holding a portable fan in one hand, and angling it to catch the air from a large mist cooling fan. The grumbling was just loud enough for Tony to hear, and he turned to face his former bodyguard, sour grumpiness finding a new target. "How ya doing over there, Hogan? Plenty of shade? You want me to get you a Mojito, maybe? Or something fruity with an umbrella? Pretty girl to feed you grapes?""No, thanks," Happy said with a stiff smile. "I'm fine.""Uhhuh. You sure? I mean it's no problem. Darcy, find him some grapes.""Dad, leave Happy alone." Happy smiled at her and nodded. "I don't know about those two jokers, but your suit looks real nice, Darce. You look like a real hero. Gonna be an Avenger?""Not my jam," she told him, a firm head shake to emphasize how little she wanted to get her ass knocked out of the sky as often as her father did. "My daughter's a SHIELD flunky," Tony groaned. "Where did I go wrong?""You want a list?" Rhodey grunted.Darcy's suit wasn't as big and bulky as Tony or Rhodey's, being herself slighter of frame, but it was just as heavily armored. And while not quite as weaponized, it was hardly a disarmed version of the suit. Tony would be damned if he was going to let her out in the armor without a wide variety of ways to defend herself. The real struggle came when it was time to pick a color scheme. Tony was adamant and vehement about his refusal to paint it green and purple — but she mostly only suggested that to yank his chain — and he tried to get her into a variation on his red and gold. Darcy thought about the colors for a long time, really truly considered it, and in the end decided that if her path was, as he said, SHIELD flunky, then she ought to stick with serviceable colors and settled on SHIELD's dark blue and charcoal in a matte finish. The colors weren't flash, but she didn't want to be flash, she wanted to blend. Obscurity and inconspicuousness were her gifts; the suit should play to that as much as possible. Tony bitched and moaned, but she explained how she wanted to fix SHIELD right, and if she was going to do that, then she had to be all in. And, heck, maybe se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
None
