Chapter 1



Notes:
Disclaimer: I don't own Marvel. Obviously.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Thor could see what Loki was going to do. He could see it in his brother's eyes, could see it the moment the “No” had come from Odin, still holding on to Thor's leg from the Bifrost.
With his strength, he pulled the spear up, just as Loki let go. He reached down and grabbed his brother's wrist, heart pounding in his chest as Loki twisted, trying to get out of his grasp as Odin pulled them up.
The moment Thor was back on the Bifrost, he put Gungnir down and Odin reached over the edge again, both of them pulling him up as Loki continued to try and get away. Odin only dragged Loki away from the edge, Thor putting his arms around him to secure him.
At last, Loki stopped fighting, falling limp with a shudder. Thor held him tighter, heart still pounding with fear. He swallowed and Odin watched them, on his knees beside them, looking utterly exhausted.
They sat in silence, all three of them, until Odin got to his feet. Thor looked up at him and swallowed at the furious look in Odin's eyes.
“Father-” He started, but silenced himself when Odin glared. He then turned his eyes back to Loki.
“Don't you ever do that again,” he said, voice trembling in rage. “Do you understand boy?”
Loki didn't reply. He was slumped against Thor, boneless, eyes staring at the edge of the Bifrost. Odin stood in front of him, getting to one knee before him. “Loki,” he said, voice sharp. “I asked you a question and I expect it answered.”
Loki blinked, once, then twice, tears beginning to fall. But when he spoke, it was with a practiced steadiness, even if his voice sounded tight, “Yes, sir.”
“Yes, what?”
“I-” Loki stopped short. “I underst-stand.” His voice broke and he stopped before adding “Sir.”
Odin nodded and he rose to his feet. “Come,” he said, walking to where Sleipnir was waiting. “We're going back.”
Thor stood, pulling Loki to his feet and keeping a firm grasp on his elbow as they followed Odin.
They met Frigga halfway, several Einherjar following behind. She stopped and slid off her horse rushing over to where Thor and Loki stood, embracing both of them as they approached.
“Oh, Norns, I was so worried!” She said, squeezing them before standing back, cupping Loki's face in her hands. “Are you hurt?” She asked, looking from him to Thor.
“No, Mother,” Thor assured her, voice low. “We are well.”
Frigga turned to look at Odin. “Odin?” She said, voice tilted up with an unspoken question.
“Later,” he said. “I will explain later.”
She hesitated, glancing back at her sons, Loki's eyes turned back to the ground. “Very well,” she said. “Lead on.”
When they reached the palace, Odin placed a hand on Loki's shoulder. “Thor, go with your mother,” he said and left no room for argument as he led Loki away.

Loki continued to stare at the ground, unsure of where he was being led until he heard the sounds of the healing rooms. He blinked and looked up to see Eir hurrying towards them.

“Odin,” she said. “What has happened?”
“Somewhere private, please,” Odin said in a low voice. Eir nodded and led the way to one of the private rooms, closing the door behind them. Odin made Loki sit on the bed and Eir stood, hands clasped in front of her.
“We've told Loki of his heritage,” Odin said. Loki flinched and Eir's eyes flickered to him before returning to Odin. “He took it badly.”
Eir 's eyes went back to Loki and she said “How badly?”
When Loki didn't reply, Odin explained what had just happened.
“He has been king for exactly two days,” Odin said. “I fell asleep immediately after telling him of Jotunheim and in that time he has sent the Destroyer after Thor, put Frigga and myself in danger, killed Laufey, and attempted to destroy the whole of Jotunheim. When that failed, he and Thor were dangling over the edge of the broken Bifrost and tried to let go.”
Eir watched Odin for a few moments, then looked at Loki.
“Allfather, please leave.”
Odin frowned. “What?”
“Remove yourself from the vicinity,” she said. “Leave. You are angry and upset and that will not help me treat Loki.”

Odin clenched his jaw. “I'm looking for 
answers
, Eir.”

“And I understand that,” she said. “Now leave.”
“Eir—”
“I will not have you upsetting my patient, Allfather,” Eir said. “Go. Loki is in good hands and you haven't slept for nearly long enough. I say this as your healer that you need to leave, get some rest, and calm down before I permit you to see Loki again.”
Odin clenched his fists, staring at Eir for all of a minute before sighing and relentring. “Fine,” he said. “I will return in the morning.”
Eir sighed but walked him to the door of the room, opening it and letting him out. She closed it and went to Loki's bedside, sitting in the chair and crossing one leg over the other, hands in her lap.
“Loki, there is someone I would like for you to talk to,” she said. “A very gifted healer and a personal friend of mine. He's a good man an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & family
Loki & Himself

freeform: 
Loki-centric
Mental Health Issues
Therapy
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Loki Sees a Therapist
Angst
Forced Healing
Genderfluid Loki
Sensory Overload
ze/zim/zir pronouns
Intersex Loki
intersex jotnar
Kidnapping
Torture
Child Death Mention
Mentions of Child Endangerment
unintentional misgendering

fandom: 
Loki & family
Loki & Himself

