Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Jane doesn't let the All-New All-Different SHIELD help them pack up and move to the new facility. Jane doesn't trust easily and if it weren't for Thor she wouldn't be moving, full stop. But Thor insisted, in the stately, gentle way he speaks with Jane when it is something that matters, and she had agreed in the end.
Something was troubling Thor. It might be the lingering effects of the whammy that Wanda had placed on him, but Thor has been maudlin lately, focused on sheltering those he cares about. Consolidating, even, since Thor is trying to work his will on Erik now. Darcy thinks that it won't work. Erik is happy to work with them, consult, and hang out -- but is far more attached to his students these days. Which is probably better for him than, say, actively seeking out danger like Jane is prone to do.
Erik is, in many ways, a lot smarter than either Jane or Darcy. Letting the danger come to him is one of those ways.
Darcy and Jane pack everything into soft-cell component cases, taking care with every piece of equipment that Jane has built or adapted to do what she needs it to do. They are the only ones in the world that really  have the access and capability to work on the Einstein-Rosen Bridge and its practical effects, the equipment is irreplaceable.
People, however, they can come and go. And while Jane and Darcy are going, Ian elected to stay in London. Which wasn’t unexpected. He’s a student himself, and couldn’t relocate while still in classes. If he had been farther along or even working on his own thesis, he might have gone with them. It’s a pity, he could almost keep up with Jane, and even better —he almost kept up with Darcy.
Ian had wrapped up his portion of the research and slipped out rather quietly. Jane had a discussion with him about responsible use of the knowledge and data he possessed, and what Culver still had rights to, what Jane was in the process of patenting. Many things, really, but some of it was on what exactly was his free and clear. Ian was smart, very smart and a little dopey and easily led around by the bit, but very smart and his own projects were his.
Of course, his own projects weren’t the only thing that left with him. Darcy had run a final sweep on the computers before shutting them down, and entire swathes of files had been downloaded on his final day.  She leans back in her chair, running her hands down her face and through her hair. This is not what she had wanted to deal with before crossing an ocean. Nothing’s missing, it’s just copied.  It’s supposed to be her thing, making sure the fidelity of the data is never in question and she dropped a ball somewhere.
But then again, it’s Ian. Ian, who heard a rumor that Jane Foster was in England and tracked them down, who worked just as hard as Darcy for probably less theoretical  pay than Darcy had been getting at the time. Who was a sloppy kisser, but could pull an all-nighter four days in a row. Who was still texting Darcy like nothing had changed except their relationship status.
Darcy’s written and rewritten a half-dozen texts, all variations on what the hell, and what did you do, what do you need this for, but she can’t seem to send any of them. Nothing seems to be right, and any action she wants to take to fix this, investigate this just seems so daunting and insurmountable. Inter dimensional portals? Those are easy. 
“Darcy!” Jane interrupts her line of anxiety-ridden thoughts, “Have you taken the computers offline yet? We need to get everything —“
“Right, right, I’m on it. Just another minute.” Whatever she does about Ian, it’s going to have to wait. She can think about it. Figure out her next steps. Tell Jane. It could just be Ian wanting a copy of the work he was doing. A douchey move, but it’s one she can almost understand.
It’s what she chooses to believe to get her through the long trip. 
They fly commercial.  “It’s first class?” Jane tries to tell her while stretching out.  They flew coach to London, so the legroom is nice.  “They talked about it, us moving in, how to do it smart.”
“Wouldn’t smart have been some fancy private plane or something. I heard Stark keeps a stripper pole in his. We could have taken turns entertaining each other.” Darcy grouses and groans.
“And a quintet would have been faster, but they wanted smart not fast. And smart was not elevating us to be larger targets than we already are. So commercial, first class. There’s a couple of agents in the plane, and the pilot is a friendly.”
“Still think you’d be impressive on a pole.” Jane stares back at her, a look that inspires Darcy not to shut up, but to think that yeah, Jane would probably be scary intimidating if they got her dancing. “Fine, I’ll keep my thoughts to myself.”
“That’ll be a first.” Jane mutters.
It’s a long flight. Darcy should, realistically speaking, not piss off her boss-friend before the plane even takes off.  “Do you think there’s anyone famous on the plane?” she asks instead, and from there
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Genealogy
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Awesome Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

