Work Text:
"What the hell do you think you're doing tony?!" Steve was familiar with Tony flirting with anything with a pulse- it was par for the course with Stark, as natural as breathing. It was usually not much more than faux-coy glances and suggestive phrasing since they started... whatever it was between them, but what Steve had been watching for the last few hours was quickly becoming more than he could tolerate. He knew Tony did it purely to make him jealous: Tony adored getting under his skin. Since Steve had gotten wise to Tony doing it on purpose, he usually managed to avoid rising to the bait, but the longer it had gone on tonight, the more wound up Steve had become. It had started with some society princess in a long satin gown, dark hair cascading over one shoulder, beautiful in a generic sort of way. She was part of some business dynasty or other that Stark Industries was affiliated with. Steve didn't care. She was brushing Tony's arm and fluttering her eyelashes, which wasn't unusual for any attractive woman around a billionaire like Stark. He had women (and men) throwing themselves at him constantly, usually because he was in the Fortune 500 but often simply because he was handsome and charming. It's what had done it for Steve anyhow. He was at simultaneously charmed and infuriated with Tony 24/7. Tony had been talking to her for most of the evening, and at this point had his arm around her waist and was whispering something into her ear, his eyes sparkling with laughter. Her girlish laugh sounded hollow and vacuous to Steve, though he could barely really hear anything from where he was on the other side of the crowded room.  Most of the team were there. It was a fundraiser for businesses affected by the Battle of New York, and Tony had been talked into hosting it at Stark Tower. The rest of the team were there for the publicity, to ally the Avengers initiative with the cleanup of the city rather than their unwitting hand in the destruction of it. It was almost a year on, but the city was still recovering. Thor, Bruce and Natasha had managed to get out soon after the photo ops and speeches had been made, none of them especially adept at (or in Natasha's case, interested in), trying to convince random rich people to hand over their money. They'd most likely managed to sneak off to the games room three floors down to play pool. Steve had stuck around, out of politeness more than anything, but also to not so subtly keep tabs on Tony. Clint was still hanging around too, more for the free booze than much of anything else, though he enjoyed having an excuse to wear a suit and play James Bond, and since the Avengers had become world famous, rooms full of pretty women usually resulted in him getting lucky in one way or another. Steve had been talking to Clint about the possibility of having Tony build some arrows out of the scraps of vibranium left over from a recent remodel of his shield when he first noticed Tony's display, and tried to not be too blatant about how little attention he was paying Clint, nodding and hmming along until Clint ended up just wandering away, chuckling to himself before approaching a group of women gathered near a scale model of a proposed memorial garden. Steve realised he had no idea what he'd been talking about and started to follow him to apologise, but was distracted by the sight of Tony leaning into the woman and fondling (fondling!) a strand of her hair.  He retreated to the bar, counting to ten in his head before ordering another whisky. It might not take the edge off, but it felt somehow appropriate to have a glass of hard liquor to brood over as he watched his boyfriend practically fucking some woman across the room infront of him. He sat there, eyes glued to Tony, who was leading her onto the dance floor. Steve glowered over his drink at them, unable to look away. He remained like that as he watched her press herself closer to Tony, who was leaning further in himself, lips close to her ear, whispering some sweet nothing. Steve's jaw tightened, his grip on the drink threatening to shatter the glass. Her hands were clinging onto Tony's shoulders and kneading the muscles there. They danced slowly around the room, turning under the chandelier, until...  Steve's nostrils flared as he drew in a deep breath and calmly placed his glass back on the bar to stop himself from crushing it. He slowly stood up, back ramrod straight, narrow, furious eyes transfixed on them. On Tony's hand. Which was currently on that woman's ass. That was the final straw. The way he walked over to them would seem calm to any outside observer, but Clint caught sight of him and smirked to himself, shaking his head before turning back to the gaggle of heiresses. "Tony is going to get it," he thought to himself. Steve approached the dancing couple from behind the woman's back, his face looming over her shoulder, towering at least two heads above her, glaring at Tony. Tony grinned at him, the woman t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jealousy
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Spanking
Angry Sex
Love Bites
Choking
Steve gets mad
Tony loves it
Hair Pulling
Barebacking
Steve teaches Tony a lesson
Possessive Steve
Possessive Behavior
Flirting
kinda D/s elements
Dirty Talk
Come
Breathplay
gagging

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

