Work Text:
“Well, this sucks.” Clint said, still trying to sort out his head after getting hit with that alien ray. He wasn’t physically injured, but this reading minds thing was really ridiculous. Like really ridiculous. From someone that fought every costumed pretender in New York, that was actually saying something. “Seriously, if I don’t hear anything but ‘don’t think about sex’ and Stark’s running monologue, I just might have to throw things at you all.”
 
He supposed he should just be grateful that he could only hear the thoughts of the people at the scene, but he really didn’t need Tony’s voice in his head cataloguing everyone’s blushes and rating them both on an impartial scale and a personal one *Tash’s eyes flicking away apparently ‘totally counts’ and is also a 6 on her embarrassment scale, even though it’s only a 0.5 on the general one while Cap’s tomato face was an 8 for him and an 8.3 in general*, not to mention the sudden mental scream of ‘don’t think about sex’.
 
He buried his face in his hands, then snapped his head up and took a good look at the corner of the sheet on his medical ward bed. “Hey, you’re right! They did do a really good job darning that.” Then he glanced over at Tony *bug on the wall, Cap had helmet hair, Bruce needs to eat more, have JARVIS order some curry, Rhodey still needs to be given the newest repulsor upgrade, Nat’s shoulders are tense so she is not happy and Tony wants to be elsewhere, Pepper’s birthday’s coming up, shit that means abduction anniversary too, heat, sand, water, drowning, cold, need coffee, hey! That’ll fix the battery life problem with the newest Starkphone* and sighed heavily. “Sorry, man, nothing against you, but could you go grab a coffee or something?”
 
Tony just grinned at him, but under the layers of trivial information (seriously, did the guy see everything? His eyes weren’t as good as Clint’s, but anything he could see he did) and technology (four different machines being invented right goddamn now, what the hell) and his general concern for Clint (aww, he did so care) was a faint thread of *not wanted* that had Clint grabbing his arm before he could actually leave. “Thanks. It’s just… genius, you know? Your thought process is… well, really fucking amazing and more than a little overwhelming, that’s all. Your brain might be wired like that, but for me it’s like trying to stream video on broadband.”
 
Tony smile melted into something a little more sincere, and Clint actually heard bashfulness in the man’s mental voice. “It’s cool. Hey, since I’m apparently coffee boy, does anyone else want anything?”
*
He’d been cleared to return to the mansion fairly quickly. Tony was the only one that really gave him any trouble, and the man was very good at giving Clint his space. 
 
Thor’s mental voice was just alien and brought home more than anything else that he really wasn’t like the rest of them. However, it’s noise was quickly filed into background white noise that had a faintly liiac feel to it, as his brain couldn’t make enough sense of it for it to not get repetitive and get filtered out.
 
Bruce’s thoughts were even calm and controlled, just like the rest of him. There was an underlying mutter that made him think of nothing more than ‘red’ that he assumed was the anger the scientist called on when he pulled out the Hulk. As for his surface thoughts, those were either about science or calm and measured. They were as easy to push aside as idle chatter at the table next to you at a café.
 
Natasha still thought in Russian, oddly enough. Actual words didn’t usually come through unless she was actively thinking about them. The rest of the time it was closer to empathy with her than the others because he only got a ‘tone’ like the ones from Bruce and Thor only more varied.  He did find himself fine-tuning his understanding of her slight physical tells, though. For instance, he could now tell the difference between her being irritated (felt like sandpaper) and annoyed (orange). She did try to use sudden spikes of thought to distract him, which he was grateful for. If he wanted to be cleared for active duty again he needed to be able to handle it.
 
Steve was the closest to ‘normal’, so his thoughts were a constant jumble. They always followed a logical progression, but listening to the man’s thoughts was similar to listening to one of Tony’s rambles, only internally. With practice he could ignore that, too, but gaining the practice had lead to a much greater understanding of just how odd everything still felt for the supersoldier, even after a year out of the ice. Much of what they thought was him actually knowing was nothing more than logical guesses simply due to him not having the background understanding his teammates enjoyed. The guy didn’t even understand the toaster, simply because he’d never received any basic physics in school and didn’t know about the Law of Conservation of Energy or about electrical resistors.
 
He also learned that Cap was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony thinks weird
Clint learns about his teammates
colours everywhere

fandom: 
None
