Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was impulsive. Anyone you asked who was close to Tony (or even not close – as the board members of Stark Industries could testify) could agree that Tony Stark was impulsive and prone to making life-changing decisions on a whim. Not that this was a bad thing. In fact, many of Tony’s best decisions had been made on a mere impulse.But impulsiveness could be a bad thing. It could be a very bad thing, especially when it came to personal affairs.Like this right now. Tony still wasn’t 100% sure that he was making a good choice here. “Here” being his new relationship with Steve Rogers, aka Captain America. So, yeah, you see his point?Tony Stark, billionaire, playboy, former weapons manufacturer, and the man responsible for bringing about the deaths of untold millions due to his apathy regarding the final destination of his weapons, was together with someone he’d never even dreamed of. Steve Rogers was too nice of a guy to be together with Tony, which was why he was still so leery of this relationship.He didn’t know if he’d get bombed or if this would actually work out. He knew how he felt for Steve, even if it had come as a complete surprise. He knew how Steve felt for him, or at least how Steve thought he felt for him, but he didn’t know if it would last. How well did Steve really know him?Tony sighed, rolling his head back to loosen the knots in his neck. He leaned forward over the designs for his latest suit, willing his brain to stop fixating on his new relationship. It wasn’t helping concentration one iota, and he really wanted to get this prototype finished. If his suitcase armor hadn’t been so incapable of holding extra weight, he could’ve gotten Clint and himself out before getting kidnapped by crazy Japanese working for HYDRA.“JARVIS, run the schematics for this,” Tony said, leaning back in his seat. He flicked two of his fingers in a “come hither” gesture, and grabbed the glass of green smoothie that flew into his hand.Dummy gave a depressed chirp at the sight.“Don’t give me that,” Tony warned, swiveling his chair to look at the AI. “The last time you tried to hand me something it was poisonous.”“Was there anything else, sir?” JARVIS asked.“Nothing at the moment,” Tony said, downing the drink in several large gulps. He sent the empty glass floating to the sink, where Dummy pounced on it. “No dropping—” The glass shattered on the floor as Dummy’s pincers failed to grasp it. “Lovely.”“Perhaps a faster reaction time, sir?” JARVIS suggested, meaning Tony’s telekinesis.“Try to contain the snark,” Tony said, pulling up schematics for his repulsors. He was looking to incorporate in them the frequency that usually took out Doctor Doom’s Doombots. It would make those fights a lot less messier.A lot less messier and less inclined to end up with broken legs. And heartbreak. The last time Doom had attacked Pepper had broken up with him, he’d gotten drunk, and Steve had let him sleep in his room. Which was still something that made Tony’s mind stutter to a stop. He hadn’t even been friends with Steve at that point.Or had he?Tony blinked as he looked at the designs, sighing exasperatedly as he realized that instead of messing with the repulsors on his suit, he’d redesigned the engine on the Helicarrier. Thinking about Steve like that almost always drew his mind back to that disastrous argument in the air.He needed to think about this. Impulsiveness was great, but not when he ran the risk of destroying a friendship. And that would happen when Steve realized he could do so much better than Tony Stark.“Schematics are complete, sir,” JARVIS announced quietly, sensing his creator’s preoccupation.Tony looked them over, pleased to see that this updated suitcase armor would be just as compact and – most importantly – be capable of carrying one other person. “Begin assembling it.”“Estimated completion time: five hours. May I suggest—”“I’m staying down here,” Tony interrupted, guessing what JARVIS was driving at. He saved the designs for the newly improved Helicarrier engine and pulled up what he had wanted to work on in the first place.Steve Rogers was a nice guy. Everyone could agree on that. If he wasn’t nice, he generally apologized, even if he didn’t know what he was apologizing for. Case in point, his attempted apology right after the Chitauri invasion. Tony had shot that one down, but Steve had apologized later once he got to know Tony better.In any case, the point was that Steve most likely didn’t know what he was getting into when he wanted a relationship with Tony. Even if Rhodey said that Steve was in it for the long haul, Tony suspected that he would be having second doubts once the honeymoon session was over. It wasn’t that he doubted his capabilities as a lover (hello, former playboy here!), but rather his capabilities to fulfill the emotional side of a relationship.Tony was many things, but he wasn’t adept at emotions. He tended to stifle most emotions before they got out, as it was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony is a Mutant
Tony is Dense
Self-Discovery
Friendship
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Humor
Tony Feels
Established Relationship
Angst
Ensemble Cast

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

