Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky was almost asleep when he heard the key turning in the lock. He held his breath -- please be alone please be alone please be alone -- but when the door opened, he heard a feminine giggle and Rumlow's dark chuckle. Bucky swallowed a groan and pulled a pillow over his head. He couldn't believe he once thought Rumlow's deep, gritty voice was sexy.
Well, okay, maybe it was sexy, but not on Rumlow, because over the last three months, Bucky had learned to hate Rumlow with every fiber of his being.
When Bucky had mustered out of the Army, he'd come back to New York because that was where Steve was, and he'd taken the first job that had come along, with a private security firm, because work was work and the skills he'd picked up in the Army didn't have a lot of applications to civilian life. But he hadn't been able to move in with Steve because Steve's two-bedroom apartment was already so overcrowded they were probably breaking some sort of health code. And living in the hostel had been eating up Bucky's meager savings pretty fast, so he'd been kind of desperate for a place to live.
It had been Bucky's boss, Pierce, who'd hooked Bucky up with Rumlow. Rumlow worked for Hydra Securities, too, on a different squad and shift from Bucky, and Pierce had heard he needed a roommate.
Rumlow's place was a studio, but he'd made it sound very reasonable when they'd met for beers to talk it over. "Look, we'll hang some sheets to mark off private spaces for our beds," he'd said, and at the time, that gravelly voice had hypnotized Bucky so he was only half-listening, really. "We can split up the chores -- I hate washing dishes, never do 'em, so if you take that, I'll take sweeping up. Only fair, since the cat's fur kind of gets everywhere anyway. You're not allergic, are you?"
Bucky had shaken his head dumbly, watching Rumlow's throat work as he swallowed from the longneck bottle, and they'd talked about the rent, which wasn't too bad considering what part of town it was in, and also that it was right in front of a bus stop and only a block down from a subway station.
"Oh, and once in a while I bring a date home. You know how it is, right?" Rumlow had said. Bucky had been about to say something about working out a signal so he could clear out for a few hours when Rumlow continued, "We can get pretty loud, but really, if it's bothering you, just yell or something and I'll get out the gags."
Bucky had laughed, only a hint uneasily. "And hey, if you wanna bring someone over, too, go for it," Rumlow finished, his eyes sparkling with amusement.
It hadn't been until after Bucky had been locked in to the lease that he'd learned that Rumlow hadn't been kidding about the gags. And that "once in a while" was Rumlow-speak for "several nights a week" and that "get pretty loud" had apparently been code for "intense BDSM scenes, heavy on the S/M."
Bucky wasn't averse to a little kinky bedplay from time to time, but he didn't really consider himself part of "the scene". Still, he was pretty sure Rumlow was ignoring a lot of the usual safety rules and that proper aftercare should involve more than tossing his partner a washcloth and a bottle of lotion and telling them there was water in the fridge if they wanted a drink before they headed home.
He was three months into a year-long lease, and Bucky had already bitten his tongue so many times he was pretty sure he was going to lose it entirely.
This one was turning out to be the sort who ramped up to screaming almost immediately rather than trying to be stoic for a while first. Bucky pulled the pillow more tightly around his ears, but it didn't help. He looked at the clock -- it was almost 2, and he had to be up for work at 6. Fuck.
Bucky sat up and pulled on the jeans he'd left on the floor, then reached for a t-shirt, not bothering to look at what was on it. He grabbed his keys and wallet and was out, timing the slam of the door perfectly with the crack of Rumlow's hand (Bucky shuddered at the realization he could identify that) against his date's flesh and another squeal.
He headed out into the dark, praying that someone at Steve's was awake to let him in.
***
"Again?" Steve was still rubbing sleep from his eyes as he padded into the kitchen where Bucky was waiting. Clint's dog, laying under the table, lifted its head and whined hopefully, but dropped back down when Steve walked past the food and water bowls without picking them up. "This is, what, the second time this week?"
Natasha, who'd let Bucky in, graced both of them with a wordless glare for the hour and went back to her bunk in the converted hall closet. (All the Harry Potter jokes had already been made; Natasha's revenge had been swift and terrible and kind of hilarious for those who were not part of the collateral damage.)
"Third, actually," Bucky said around a yawn. "Tuesday's was early enough I just went out for a couple hours."
Steve opened the fridge and pulled out a couple of bottles of orange ju
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Pietro Maximoff (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Alcohol
Self-Esteem Issues
Found Family
Family Fluff
Dom/sub Undertones
Massage
Frottage
Dirty Talk
Teasing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Pietro Maximoff (background)

