Chapter 1: Coup de Grace
    




Chapter Text

Pleased to meet you, hope you guess my name.

But what's puzzling you, is the nature of my game.

The Rolling Stones.
 
***
All Loki heard that morning was the distant sound of thunder. It rolled across the sky in a thick cloud of hollow sound, rumbling ominously like a forgotten worry in the back of the mind. The trickster sniffed and ignored it, returning to the play he was reading without even bothering to surrender a curious glance out of the window at the otherwise oblivious sunlight. He figured it was merely the hungry vanguard of a storm, and nothing more - despite the fact that it seemed to have snuck up on the fine day rather briskly and without any prior warning. Besides, it was Loki's opinion that if a storm was agile enough to have fooled the Asgardians into thinking that they were in for another glorious day to go about their dull business, then he had nothing but praise for it. Loki liked crafty things; he liked them even better when they could engineer foul luck for his prison city. As it was, he looked forward to a change in temperature - anything to make his confinement less tedious. The climate of Asgard rarely deviated from its sunny, cheerful disposition and that monotonous temperature, teamed with the endless days spent in a room so barren of anything him, Loki feared he would go mad well before the Allfather came up with a better way to punish him.But once he'd returned in chains from Midgard - muzzled, cowed and at the full mercy of his brother; once he'd been imprisoned and deprived of his magic and then left alone for a curiously lengthy stretch of time, Loki had begun to question whether his surrogate father actually was conjuring any further disciplinary action. To date, the worst that Odin had done was to strip him of his powers and simply cage him in the penthouses of the prison wing - in the apartments above ground that were designed for war criminals of rank or in cases where dungeons simply would not do (the security remained just as tight, but the food was better and the rats fewer). Then, possibly to save him clawing the walls in a frantic attempt to set his busy mind to something, Frigga had supplied him with boxes of scrolls and manuscripts to read; an extensive collection of theatre transcripts and poems that were about as purile and asinine as any she could find. Loki was somewhat reminded of how the Midgardian with the eyepatch had offered him a magazine in the jar of a cell SHIELD had provided, and he wondered if the periodicals full of human mediocrity's would be any less painful to read than the overblown, pompous epics Asgard's finest stuffed shirts had penned about their fictional (and sometimes non-fictional) heroes. He devoured them anyway - hoping to find at least one elementary magic text hidden within the numerous scroll bindings, but as it was, he'd been completely out of luck.Sighing, Loki blew a stray strand of dark hair out of his eyes, rolling the stiffness out of his shoulders. Death by boredom? Yes, surely the worst punishment Odin had ever conceived. Loki almost wished the Allfather had lopped his head off, that fate he would have appreciated far more than being left to bask in the uncomfortable silence that was his house arrest. If he hadn't been struggling to swallow the vast chunk of humiliation and regret that was lodged in his throat, he might have been wary. Or angry; angrier, anyway. But his rage had fizzled out quickly to bitterness and resentment when he realized he had no real outlet for it. He could spit in Odin's face, call Frigga a whore and renounce his brother as the dull fool he was all he liked, it didn't seem to make any difference. The Allfather seemed to have decided that he would simply sit on his ornery son's abuse until he gotten bored of dishing it out - rather like waiting for a child to finish a tantrum. It was up to his boy as to whether he would seethe into a sour pile of insolence without his magic to sugar his contempt, or just simply let it go. It was not incarceration per say, as much as it was babying and that fact only made Loki even more spiteful.He was, however, smart enough to accept that his frustration did little to help him. When his magic had run cleanly through his veins - tainted by his anger like some sick elixir - he'd been able to think quickly, deliberate quickly and efficiently and kill without fear. Losing his powers, losing that funnel which magnified his acrimony into something useful, he just felt heavy. Clumsy. Clouded - his silver tongue tarnished, for he had no one to sharpen it on. He recieved no visitors and his guards knew better than to be tricked into his games. He'd thrown a chair out the window, as well as several sets of cutlery and crockery, but when we started receiving his dinner straight on the tray without even a stick to attempt to at it with, he decided to reign it in. Better to comply than become a mockery of himself. He still had his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
OC
Slash
FrostIron - Freeform
Whump
Comedy

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

