Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki could hear the child crying long before he saw it, nestled in a torn and dirty blanket, lying among the roots of the Sapling. Only the aura around this shadow of the World Tree had kept predators away from the infant, screaming itself hoarse and exhausted in its distress. All alone, terrified and probably starving.When Loki crouched by the infant, his shadow falling over it, the child's wailing turned to whimpers and hiccuping sobs as its huge, dark eyes opened to look at the man who had found it.”There, little one”, he murmured, running fingertips through the child's impressively thick mess of dark curls. ”Whatever could have brought you here?”He gently picked up the squirming little bundle, slipping a hand behind the heavy head to support it as he sat down and put the baby in his lap, legs folded like a tailor's. The child had stopped crying altogether now, calmed by the presence of another person. Loki murmured soothing nonsense, even so, as he unwrapped the blanket to see what state the infant was in.It was a boy, he noted, and looked to be perfectly shaped, having all his fingers and toes, arms and legs all moving, no visible injuries. His naked body was as dirty as the blanket, though, and Loki was sure infants should not be quite this skinny. He was also smaller than an aesir child would have been, he felt fragile under Loki's hands, and he suspected that the infant was a mortal's offspring, born on Midgard. What was he doing in the woods of Asgard?”Why, aren't you just a little mystery”, Loki told the upturned face, the boy's dark eyes studying his own face with as much curiosity as he felt himself. When the boy started whining, probably feeling cold now that he was exposed to the air, Loki wrapped him back up. Smiling, he reached a finger out to stroke the boy's cheek. At once a tiny hand came up to catch it, grip surprisingly strong, and pulled it in between the infant's lips. Toothless gums closed around it, a soft little tongue pressing against the pad of his finger as the boy sucked on it.”Hungry, I see. Well, that won't feed you. But I can take care of that another way.”The boy wasn't happy when Loki pulled his finger away, face pinching up as he was about to start crying again. Loki flicked a finger in the air and three points of green light flared up in front of him before quickly turning to butterflies. Their heavy wings green, tipped in gold. They obediently fluttered around above the baby, drawing his gaze, making his hand reach for the moving things, Loki's stolen finger instantly forgotten.While the child was occupied Loki summoned a wooden bowl in one hand, and a gleaming, golden apple in the other. With a dagger from his belt he quickly peeled the fruit, cut it into tiny cubes, and then summoned a little spoon to mash it all up. Then he waved the butterflies out of existence, propped the boy up in one arm and tried to offer him the apple paste with his free hand.It did not work well, and Loki soon figured out that the infant was simply too young to be spoon-fed. But then the child had already shown him a better way, so Loki put the spoon down, dipped his index finger into the mush, and offered the boy that instead. To his delight, the infant happily accepted the offered food like that, and even if it took a while Loki fed him ever single drop of juicy pulp from the bowl.All done, Loki sent the dirty bowl and spoon away and moved around so he could lean back against the massive trunk of the Sapling, settled in the same hollow between the roots where the boy had been resting when Loki found him. The infant squirmed a bit in his arms, then yawned widely before the dark eyes closed and he fell asleep, a dimpled fist curled up by his red little mouth.For a while Loki watched the child sleep. Then he tilted his head back and looked up at the green boughs arching far above them.”He was meant for me, wasn't he?” It was just a whisper, but he knew the Sapling would hear him. ”Does he have a name?”For an answer a single leaf, thin, bright green and shaped like an arrowhead, came falling down to land on top of the blanket. Loki picked it up and immediately noticed the way the faintly raised veins in the leaf had been shaped into runes, spelling out a name.”Anthony”, he read softly, before a wind tore the leaf from his hand and sent it flying away over the grass. ”I like that.”As Anthony slept, safe and snug in his arms, Loki wondered why the Tree had sent the boy his way. Why She had thought Loki would need him.
Upon his return to the castle Loki wasn't surprised that the very first group of people he met turned out to be Thor and his group of friends; Lady Sif and the Warriors Three. He swallowed a sigh as he saw Fandral's quick eyes spot him coming, elbowing Volstagg's fat gut and making them all turn to stare at Loki as he came closer, Anthony a still sleeping bundle on one of his arms.”What have you got there, brother?” Thor's voice, loud enough to echo in the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Tony Stark
Teenage Tony Stark
He grows up pretty early in the fic though
Magic
Messing around with timelines like whoa
Pre-Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence - Thor (2011)
Protective Loki
Tony is a magical hacker
Loki Needs a Hug
SHIELD
Magical Artifacts
Magic and Science
Action/Adventure
Friends to Lovers
Possessive Behavior
Jealousy

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

