Work Text:
5. Airline Security “I can’t believe you’re making me go through security,” Tony complained. “It’s bad enough we’re flying out of a commercial airport. And could we really not have gotten a later flight?” “Tony, stop whining,” Natasha snapped. She looked more casual than Steve had ever seen her, even after months in the Avengers tower; she wore close-fitting jeans, flip-flops, and a sweatshirt that looked several sizes too big for her with lettering too faded for Steve to read. Her hair and makeup were perfect, four-thirty in the morning or not, but apparently her ability to put herself together did not extend to her usual calm. “It’s still a private plane.” “Well, private planes should leave the damn airport later in the day,” Tony grumbled, and Steve muffled a laugh behind his hand as they stepped into the airport proper. JFK was a lot bigger than it had been in 1939 and Steve goggled up at the ceiling, staring around long enough that Bruce had to double back to gently take him by the arm and lead him in. Thor was pulled along with him, though he looked less awed and more confused. “I don’t understand,” he was telling Clint as Steve trotted along beside Bruce, his suitcase dragging behind him. “What are the lines for? Are the metal birds so popular?” “That’s one way to put it,” Clint said dryly. He looked about as excited as Tony to be up so early, though he was handling it much better, the faint smudges under his eyes the only sign that he’d much rather be under several pounds of blankets. Steve liked that about him. He was sarcastic and sometimes mean, but he never took his own frustration out on other people. Coulson met them by what Tony called the “kiosks of death.” “I’ve taken care of checking you in,” he said, handing each of them a small packet. “These are your boarding passes and itineraries—actually, Natasha, why don’t you hold onto these,” he added as Steve looked down at his packet, trying to figure out why he needed a barcode and what the hell all the numbers were for. Thor looked equally lost. “I still do not see why I cannot just fly on my own,” he said. “Security,” Coulson said. “Also, an attempt on SHIELD’s part to avoid another issue with airspace violations.” Thor looked suitably abashed at that and Coulson patted him lightly on the shoulder as if to say there, there, sad puppy, it’s okay. “I’ve arranged so you don’t have to wait in line for security,” he continued, pointing to a young woman in a police uniform. “Sheila there will check your bags and get you through. You’re welcome,” he said, directing that last to Tony, who waved a grumpy hand. Coulson’s phone rang then and he tossed them a farewell nod, walking away with his phone pressed to his ear. Steve waved goodbye because it was the polite thing to do and picked up his suitcase again, following Tony and Bruce as they led the way over to Sheila the Security Guard, who looked much friendlier than Tony’s rants about “those TSA bastards” had led him to believe. “Good morning!” She said brightly. “I have to say, it’s a real honor to have the Avengers traveling with us here at JFK. I’ll need to see your passports and boarding passes, and Jeff over there will scan you and check your bags.” She pointed to another security guard, this one a gangly redheaded man who looked about Steve’s age, and then gave them all a brilliant smile. “Who’s first?” Tony forked over his passport and pass first, grumbling about “getting this shit over with so I can get a damn coffee”, and Sheila inspected the documents carefully before handing them back. Bruce went through next, and then Clint, and then it was Steve’s turn. Natasha flipped through the packets Coulson had handed her and handed Steve a boarding pass and a passport, and Steve gave them to Sheila. She opened the passport, looked at the picture, and then giggled. “I don’t think this is you, Captain,” she said, handing it back to him. Steve looked at the picture and flushed, sure enough, Natasha’s face, not his own, was looking back up at him. “No, sorry,” he said, turning back. “I think you gave me the wrong one,” he said, apologetically, because his grandmother taught him manners and ladies should never be blamed for mix-ups. “Damn,” Natasha muttered, digging into the packets again to try and find Steve’s passport (Coulson had given her several files along with the boarding passes), and Steve waited patiently, looking at Natasha’s passport. Her picture was very pretty, much nicer than Steve’s, but he expected that she was just a naturally photogenic person. He pointedly avoided looking at her age out of politeness, but the name on the passport caught his eye. 
Romanova Barton, Natalia Alianova.
 Steve stared at the document for a moment and then looked ahead to Clint, who stared right back, one eyebrow slightly raised, as if daring Steve to say something. “Got it,” Natasha said, handing Steve his passport and plucking her own from his fingers, snapping it shut so quickly Steve felt the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Established Relationship
oh god my feelings for this pairing
marriage!fic
Clint and Natasha are so married what are you even talking about

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

