Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Steve, you gotta be kidding. You really haven’t been with a girl since..?”When Bucky gestured up and down in Steve’s direction with his glass of scotch, Steve knew it wasn’t to point out his neatly pressed and pinned service uniform.He leaned back against the bar and inhaled half a pint of ale. How the hell did they get to this topic? He couldn’t even blame alcohol, since it no longer seemed to have any effect on him.Bucky — whose own uniform was a mess as usual between missions — inched closer. The smoky taproom was packed with G.I.s, loud enough that they couldn’t easily be overheard, but Steve still appreciated the attempt at discretion.“I mean... all those chorus girls.” Bucky’s expression turned wistful. “Man, I’ve known my share of chorus girls. They got to have tried.”Perhaps some things just never changed? The sun rising from the East, the Dodgers not making it to the World Series... Bucky’s need to act like Steve’s hairy, pandering fairy godmother.“Oh, there were some close calls.”“And, let me guess. For some unfathomable for any sane man reason, you said no?”Steve crossed his brawny arms and hunkered. “Well. It never seemed like the right time. Or the right girl. Some of them were nice” — and determined — “but it wouldn’t have felt... right. Y’know?”Bucky drained what remained of his scotch, like the idea of turning down a perfectly good piece of tail required more alcohol in his bloodstream. “No. I don’t know. Seriously, Steve. Have you seen yourself in the mirror lately? Or the way women look at you? How can you still be scared?”“I wouldn’t say scared...”“Right. Because the correct word is terrified.”Bucky leaned even closer. After two months, it still sometimes disoriented Steve how he now had to tilt his head down when they talked, instead of the other way around.“Listen. Just pick a dame who ain’t her first time in a rodeo, alright? Sit back and let her handle it. She’ll show you the ropes soon enough. Trust me.”“I know, I know.” Boy, did he ever. Like that time with the U.S.O. troupe, when he’d found three different showgirls from his hotel room in as many states... each one in a state of undress that mostly comprised of golden pumps and pillbox hats and, on one occasion, two glittery pompoms. He suspected that a wager had been involved. And that had only been the most blatant attempt to rid him of his inexperience.“Finding someone to show me the ropes is not the issue,” Steve continued.“Then what is?”Steve shrugged his massive, uniformed shoulders, his gaze lingering somewhere in the smoky ceiling. “Nothing...”“Don’t nothing me, Steve. What’s the matter?”He wasn’t sure what came over him. One moment, he was a perfectly sane individual who knew when to keep his mouth shut. The next, he just blurted out the words.“I have... a size problem.”Bucky misunderstood. Of course he did. His confused gaze traveled Steve’s length and breadth from golden head towering at 6’4” to size thirteen shoes and one broad shoulder to another — all mind-boggling two hundred and forty muscular pounds of it. At times, it was still hard to believe, nine months after Steve had been injected with Erskine’s serum, two since the rescue of the 107th that had earned him his Captain’s bars in reality.“Size problem?” Bucky drawled. “Steve, buddy. You’re huge. That’s not a problem.”An excruciating blush was starting under Steve’s collar. “It can be.”“What do you mean, it can be?”“Well, uh... in parts a man can’t show in polite company..?”To say anything more would have meant risking death by mortification. Steve waited for his friend to catch on and tried not to squirm. Squirming had been one thing when he was a hundred pounds wet. Now it could break furniture and topple innocent bystanders.“Steve. Are you talking about your...”What the heck had possessed him to confess?Oh, hell. He knew what. For nine months he’d kept the secret, unable to talk to anyone. Anyone other than the doctors back in the research center, that is — but their purely professional interest and remarks about ‘static hypertrophy factor’ had been less than comforting. Steve had to tell someone. And who could a man tell, if not his lifelong best friend... who was now staring at him in a decidedly non-comforting fashion.After a moment, Bucky took a cigarette from a pack he’d left on the bar and lit it.“So... the serum,” he said, meting out words like something that could detonate at touch.He didn’t have to spell it out. Steve could tell all too well what he was thinking. They’d been two young men sharing a tiny apartment. Before twenty, they’d seen everything. And... well, small as Steve had been, he hadn’t been minuscule all over. Unfortunately, as it came to increasing size, the serum had not seen it necessary to discriminate.He nodded, unable to speak. His full-body blush was now in the height of its bloom. It felt like being lovingly caressed with a flamethrower.“It made you bigger,” Bucky said. “Everywhere?”“A lot bigger,” Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
World War II
Angst and Humor
Shy Steve
1940s

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

