Chapter 1: The one where Bucky has an argument with his mom
    




Chapter Text
“Bring a date, Bucky,” Winifred warned him in that tone -  the mother tone she liked to haul out under special circumstances, like when she was trying to guilt trip him into doing what she wanted. It went well with the expression on her face. It was no wonder he was best friends with Steve Rogers if he was so accustomed to that tone and that facial expression.  As though reading his mind, his mother narrowed her eyes and continued with the edict that would make all of their lives miserable.  “And not Steve.” “Bu…” Bucky had no idea how she knew he was planning on bringing Steve.  From the age of 12, Bucky had been the person who found it easy to bring a plus-one to everything, including things that didn’t need a plus-one.  The few times Steve had been his date had been when it was something Steve really should have been invited to but hadn’t been.  Usually, Bucky brought the person he was seeing at the time, or he would just walk up to someone who caught his eye and ask.  It had been as easy as that to him. Enviably, really, or so Steve told him. How could he sit through his mother's wedding without Steve by his side?  Steve deserved to be there.  Winifred was practically his second mother, Steve thought he was going to the wedding.  They'd gone in together on a gift already and everything. “Steve has his own invitation,” she continued, still reading his mind. It was a mom-power. Or maybe she was reading his facial expressions.  “The two of you have been inseparable from such a young age that I can’t imagine him not at my wedding, but I also know the type of things the two of you get up to together when you’re asked to sit still, so please just honor my wishes this one time. On my wedding day.”  The mom-look intensified.  He never should have taught her how to FaceTime.  “Bring someone who isn’t your best friend.  Anyone.” She said ‘anyone’ with the kind of desperation of someone who had given up on meddling with their son’s love life ages ago.  His mother wasn’t the type of person to want grandkids so badly that she considered it in every potential relationship Bucky had.  She wanted her children to be happy.  Unfortunately for her, Bucky had spent a long time thinking he had to have a plus-one in order to be fulfilled by his life, and that turned out not to be the key to his happiness. For one thing, he picked the wrong people.  He had a long list of names of the wrong people, chosen by him, just because he wanted to be in a relationship, felt attraction for someone, or was inspired by them in some way, and committed himself for a while. It was a problem with him, not with any of the people he’d seen over the past decade and change.  So a few years ago he'd thought it was time to try something new, time to try not committing himself and see what happened. New didn’t work for him either. The problem was that Bucky didn’t want to bring someone, anyone to the wedding.  After more than two years of serial dating without trying to go deeper than surface level, he was finally taking time to himself.  It felt good.  He’d found his happiness, and that happiness was with Bucky Barnes.  He knew and understood himself now better than he ever had before, and it felt freeing in a way. It also showed him that not only did he not need a significant other, he was doing both himself and the other person a disservice when his heart wasn’t really in it.  Bucky was the kind of guy who fell, and fell hard, or became increasingly disinterested.  It wasn’t kind to become increasingly disinterested with someone when they were possibly doing the opposite, and then had to face the reality of Bucky pulling away, until eight days had passed without talking and Bucky was breaking up with them in a Starbucks close to their work. Or, as Bucky liked to think of it, the point he realized that not only was the relationship not working for him, but the way he thought about relationships wasn’t working for him either.  The coffee all over his white shirt hadn’t been the epiphany, it hadn’t been the pivotal moment, but having all those eyes on him watching the scene play out had given him pause to reflect.  It was as though creating a spectacle gave him the ability to see himself from an outsider’s perspective, just for a moment, and he didn’t like what he saw. So while he understood that his mother was saying that she didn’t want a repeat of Bucky’s Aunt Phyllis’s wedding, where he and Steve had grabbed one of the bottles of champagne chilling on a table during the reception and disappeared just long enough to drink it, Bucky didn’t think he could bring anyone.   Bucky was cleansing himself of the idea of anyone. Maybe someday he’d be ready to face the possibility of a singular person being the someone he’d be with for the rest of his life. That wasn’t going to be today. “What if I’m dating Steve?” Bucky asked, sulking a bit at her tone and the pressure of obli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Friends to Lovers
Hipsters
Weddings
Art Shows
Artist Steve Rogers
Engineer Bucky Barnes
Practice Kissing
Dancing
Past Drug Use
mentions of past relationships - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
faked but not faked sexual content
Mutual Pining
Romance
Fluff
bisexual Brooklyn hipsters
Romantic Comedy
Ultimatums
best friends since childhood
Roommates
and totally into each other
Demisexual Steve Rogers
Sharing a Bed
Recovery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

