Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The war was over.The man who was once called the Spare Son stood high in the tower that looked down upon the city. The notorious King of the Jotuns, had been defeated and now his army celebrated. Their weapons clanked against the ground, their feet stomped on the snow were their enemies lay, but the war was, decidedly, completely and utterly over. They had won and even as the blood stained skies smelled of rot and defeat, he stood proud.Jotunhiem had fallen and the people were now his. Pale skinned, gifted with power far beyond those that Spare Son possessed. They were ruthless, given magic the gods had seen fit and possessing it for so long that now others hunted them for it.They killed them for it.Beautiful, graceful and lethal, the Jotuns were like fire; beautiful and mesmerising to look at but fatal if handled without precaution.He was strong, aye, but now, with the power given to him by these people, he would be ever stronger. His strength would know no limit, this was the reason his men had killed and been killed. This was the end of it all, when he stood here, victorious as his enemy fell as he got what he wanted.His blue eyes glittered and he turned to walk back down the tower steps.It had been a citadel, a symbol of the power that Jotunhiem had once wielded, now it were a mere skeleton, black and emptybeneath the grey skies that Jotunhiem possessed. The snow and ice were painted red, he could see it through the gaping holes of the tower walls as he descended. He heard screaming, he heard yelling but he did not stop. His feet were firmly planted, his gait assured.Down went the Spare Son, into the sodden, blood soaked lands beneath and looked around.His eyes were cold, matching the ice caps that guarded the home of the people who lived here. Even those massive floating mountains hadn’t been spared. They were jagged and broken, stained black because of what had been hurled at them and now lay wasted – just like the country they had overrun. His blonde hair whipped in the wind as he looked about. His locks had been the pride his mother had given him. Long, thick and the colour of the sun itself, his mother had often told him that the gods had blessed him with strands of the sun. Many hours had he spent, sitting with his back to her knees, as she brushed through them telling him tales of what he could accomplish once he put his mind to it.It had been a wonderfully darling thing to say – when he put his mind to it.He remembered this most about her, keeping it in mind long before her tragic death.Then his mind had been put to killing Jotunhiem.And he had.His boot scrunched and turned to dust the hand of a fallen Jotun, and he walked forward.The army he controlled, the stunning Asgardian men and women who had aided him, looked up and bowed to him, to his hands, to his hammer.They bowed to the man he was. The warrior who had led them, the prince who had fought for them, the man who would once and forever be known at Thor.Thor Odinson.The third son of the Great King Odin.He was strong, standing against the cold air with nothing but the torn cape and worn trousers upon his person. He needed no heat, he was stronger than that, he needed little care for the scars that littered his chest and he needed to prove nothing to his army.He had shown them who and what he was.He was destruction all by himself.And everyone knew.***Sounds of war never ended.It had always been that way. He could be back home and still hear the blasts and the clanking of weapons. It kept him vigilant even as it drove him mad.He knew that the sounds were coming from his own mind or from the weapons being cleaned outside, the weapons and armour being mended. It was common, in times of war but the only thing that it did was tell Thor that he was about to be attacked again, that he would walk out of the tent and see someone close to him lying in a pool of coagulated blood, their middle pumping out more. It told him that he would have the lifeless eyes of the person looking up at him again.It would tell him that he was alone in the world; even as he knew the fact.At the present moment, he was sitting at the table of his tent. Candles burned around him, a small fire, placed inside a hole dug in the ground, kept the tent warm and a small mouth at the very top let the smoke out. So it was warm, no snow stayed on the damp ground, and no blood stayed on Thor. He’d bathed in warm water and now sat clean smelling and fresh.A few of the servants brought along with the army had looted the palace. Soldiers had accompanied them for protection and brought back soaps and other things that Thor had distributed amongst his army.Small trinkets meant a world to the men who would be rich on Jotun gold once the sun rose. Thor had kept two soaps and a few sponges for himself.He was a Prince, after all, he could afford some luxury.His knife skid sharply on the plate as he cut into the tepid beef on his plate, just as the flap to his tent op
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Odin/Frigga
Laufey/Farbauti
Helblindi/Heron

freeform: 
Love
Hate
Betrayal
Angst
Plans
Pain
Arranged Marriage
Forced Wedding
Falling In Love Again
Babies
Insanity
The writer has finally lost it

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Odin/Frigga
Laufey/Farbauti
Helblindi/Heron

