Chapter 1: in which there is a courtship
    




Chapter Text
“Egy nagy tejeskávé, kérem.” Something about the woman’s voice caught Clint’s attention, and he glanced up from his newspaper in time to see a slim, pretty redhead flash a dazzling smile at the barista as she handed over some cash in exchange for a large cup of foam. She turned away, tossing a few red curls out off her forehead, and Clint caught her eye. She stopped for half an instant. Hesitated an instant more. And then, slowly, cautiously, she smiled. Clint tilted his head to the side, nudged the other chair away from the table, and raised an eyebrow in invitation. The woman set her bag on the floor and sat down across from him, her latte in her hands. “So,” she said in American-accented English, and damn but that voice was like honey dripping off the comb. “You’re American.” A lesser man might have been surprised. Clint Barton tended to pride himself on being a bigger man, and for keeping the smirk that thought threatened off his face. “I am,” he said. “What gave it away?” Her smile quirked up at one corner. “I’m very observant,” she said. “Also, I can see your passport.” Clint glanced down at the travel briefcase at his feet. Sure enough, the cover of his American passport was visible. “Ouch,” he said, tucking it down and zipping the pocket shut. “Guess I should pay more attention to those airport security briefings, huh?” “The TSA does their best to protect and serve, but we need your help,” she said, her face entirely straight, and then laughed, brushing her hair back again, this time with her (well-manicured, and entirely ring-free) left hand. “I’m Natasha.” “Clint.” The shook hands across the table, and Clint grinned at her. “So, Natasha,” he said, “what brings you to Budapest?” *** This is true: When Natasha first meets Clint, she thinks he looks like the sort of rugged, coarse, snarky man who listens to country music and hangs out in seedy, smoky bars, waiting for a girl with the right breast-to-ass ratio to give him a second glance. This is true: When Clint first meets Natasha, he is the sort of rugged, coarse, snarky man who listens to country music and hangs out in seedy, smoky bars, waiting for a girl with the right breast-to-ass ratio to give him a second glance. This is true: Though Natasha’s sexual history might imply otherwise, this is exactly the sort of man she likes. *** Clint had a wicked sense of humor and a smile that crinkled the corner of his eyes. He was not a pretty man, and he did not appear to be a gentle man, either. He laughed easily and spoke Hungarian like a native, and the timbre of his voice as he switched from one language to another sent a shiver up Natasha’s spine. Natasha liked him immediately, and wasn’t sure how to feel about that. “So,” he said as they left the café, somehow agreeing without words that they would walk in the same direction. Natasha had nowhere to be until midnight, and Clint seemed to be on no schedule but his own. “You’re not American, are you?” She looked at him, a little surprised. Her English was flawless; the Red Room had made sure that any language she spoke, she spoke with no detectable accent, and the KGB had refined that training further. “What makes you say that?” she asked, careful. She had a Beretta Tomcat in her purse that she could get to in less than a second, and she liked Clint from what she’d seen so far, but she didn’t like him so much she couldn’t put a bullet in his head. Clint shrugged, not breaking his stride. “You don’t meet a lot of nice American girls named Natasha Romanova,” he said, and he was smarter than she’d thought, used the proper Romanova instead of the Americanized Romanoff she’d given him. “You don’t have an accent, though, only when you say your name. What are you, Russian?” “Yes,” she said, but she eased her fingers away from her purse and forced herself to relax. “I was born in Volgograd.” “Any family?” She tilted her head to the sky, looking up at the buildings around her. She had always loved Budapest; the architecture was beautiful, like something out of a history book or a memory. She watched the clouds for a moment, reminding herself that Clint was a nice man in a strange city, not an interrogator. “Not anymore,” she said. A warm hand brushed hers and she looked at him, found him gazing at her with something like affection, and it had been so long since she’d seen it in its genuine form that it took her a moment to recognize the book. “Me, too,” he said, and before she could stop herself, she squeezed his hand. *** This is true: Natasha does not remember her blood family. Sometimes there are snippets: a lullaby, a soft perfume, a piano just slightly out of tune. This is true: Natasha thinks that once, maybe, she did remember her family—that she had real memories, solid memories, memories she could reach out and touch. But she has been made and unmade and reconstructed so many times that any memories she might have had are gone, far away, ther
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Mr. and Mrs. Smith AU
Headcanon
this is so predictable but whatever I do what I want

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

