Work Text:
Steve arrived at Starbucks hot, sweaty, and still cranky despite his extra-long early morning run. He had slept badly the night before, which wasn’t unusual – except it hadn’t happened the whole week since he’d started sleeping with Bucky. Steve had sort of hoped that meant that the nightmares were over. Maybe, he’d thought, sleeping with Bucky – physically being in the same bed – had solved the problem. Of course he couldn’t be so lucky. He hadn’t even really slept, or at least it felt like he hadn’t: one minute he’d be dozing off, and the next jerking awake from yet another nightmare and staring blearily at the flat red numbers on the bedside clock. 12:13. 1:45. 3:24. Their drive back to DC loomed closer and closer, and he still hadn’t gotten any sleep.He had woken up for good when Bucky pinned him down, pinning Steve’s arms with his knees and his one hand at Steve’s throat. “Jesus Christ, Buck!” Steve yelled, and for a moment Bucky’s hand tightened; and then Bucky let go and fumbled for the bedside lamp.He screwed up his face at the sudden light, and blinked down at Steve. “Oh,” Bucky said, and he sounded puzzled. “It’s you.” He shifted a little, his shins pressing Steve’s forearms into the mattress. “Did you kick me on purpose?” He sounded uncertain rather than accusing. Steve wished the light were off again, because his face was turning red. “No,” Steve said. “I guess I must have been thrashing. I had a nightmare…”Bucky rolled off him. Steve scooted off the bed. “I’ll just go – ” He jerked his thumb at the bedroom door. “Don’t,” Bucky said, and caught Steve’s arm. “C’mon, Steve, stay.”Steve tugged his arm free. “No, I’d better sleep on the couch.”He’d been stupid to sleep with Bucky in the first place. He punched the couch pillow to try to make it more comfortable. It was lucky that he’d made it this long without kicking him. Or no, not luck. It was stress that brought the nightmares back. Stress over going back to DC, stress about the Scapegoat hearings. Probably they’d have to sleep separately in DC, if Steve was going to be having nightmares all the time. Steve punched the pillow again. It didn’t help. Finally, even thought the sky was barely gray with encroaching dawn, Steve headed out for his run. There was no reason to lie in bed and let his thoughts circle the drain. And now the sun had reached its mid-morning height and Steve’s shirt stuck to his sweaty back and even the long run didn’t make him feel less disgruntled. He got a chocolate croissant in the vain hope that that might help where the run had failed. He snagged a newspaper and a cup of coffee too, and flopped in one of the comfortable chairs by the window and stared down at the front page. It took a few moments for his brain to process the fact that there was nothing about the Scapegoat hearings on the front page, even though they were set to begin in just a few days. He flipped through the paper. There was only a short article about them in the national news section, somewhere below an article about a foiled plot to rig the New Year’s ball in Times Square to explode as it dropped.  Of course the hearings might take over the news cycle again once they actually started, but it was kind of a relief that people had lost interest in them for now. Even if that meant it was less likely that the hearings would end up nailing Coulson and SHIELD to the wall.Steve rubbed his eyes and ate his croissant and drank some coffee, and he did start to feel better. He could take a nap in the car later. Bucky drove almost like a normal person now.He bought Bucky an apology frappuccino and headed back to the cabin. He felt uncomfortably sticky from his long run. Maybe he should take a shower before they took off.“Sorry I’m late,” Steve called as he unlocked the door. “I brought you a frappuccino…”He stopped in the doorway, keys dangling from his fingers, staring. Bucky sat bare-chested at the kitchen island, frozen in place at Steve’s arrival. He had reattached his metal arm, and it looked like he was cleaning it. The arm plates lay in neat arcs on a grease-smeared towel on the counter, next to a couple of long pieces that must fit inside the arm, and he had most of his right hand actually inside his left arm. Steve staggered, a little dizzy at the sight. Bucky slid his hand out of his arm, glaring at Steve the whole time, like he was daring Steve to comment. His hand was streaked with grease, his fingers black with it, and he had a smudge of grease across his cheek and more streaks on his chest. He used to get grease-stained like that when he worked on his parents’ car in the summer, shirtless or in just his undershirt. “Jesus,” Steve said.   Bucky snatched up another piece and carefully fit it into the open cavity of his forearm. “You’re back early,” he accused.“I’m – actually I’m pretty late,” Steve returned. “I was gonna have this all done before you got back,” Bucky snapped. His mouth was a hard line, and he wasn’t looking at Steve.Steve cro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Masturbation
Orgasm Delay
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

