Chapter 1: Done Dirt Cheap
    




Chapter Text
Steve is becoming a hermit; a hermit who destroys sandbags.
New York is cacophony personified; noise, color, and anger that never ever sleeps. His SHIELD appointed neighbors talk about things like sensory overload, but the truth is that he could deal with it if only he had a reason. The problem is that he doesn’t.
SHIELD’s New York facility is colorless on the inside; all sloping glass panels, ceilings that stretch high overhead showing the sky in between panels of pale brushed steel, and cold hard floors that shine just like everything else. It was chilling at first, but after the maelstrom outside Steve has learned to find it restful.
… well, comparatively restful he admits looking at the torn punching bag lying across the room where it bleeds sand out onto the floor.
He lets out a breath and goes to pick up the next one from a line of them. In this, SHIELD has been kind to him. No one says anything about the rate at which he goes through the things. They just appear in bulk in the old gym Steve goes to, which he’s pretty sure SHIELD bought out right.
It’s like his USO days all over again. He isn’t a soldier. He’s some kind of elaborate pet.
“I’m sensing some tension.” Fury observes from over by the ring. The man is a ghost. Steve’s ears are better than most and he can never hear it when Fury approaches.
“Maybe.” Steve’s voice is tense. He tries to moderate it, but it’s no good. It’s like an iron band is squeezing his chest and constricting his lungs. His breaths go shallow and there’s never quite enough air. The serum cured his asthma, but his body doesn’t always remember that. “This another intervention?”
“Not exactly.” Fury goes to stand over the bleeding sandbag. “Here to ask a favor, really.” He doesn’t sound like it’s his first choice –nor was it his second or third.
“I’m listening. No promises, but I’m listening.” Steve hangs another bag. There’s not much chance that he’ll get much more of a workout in tonight, but he likes to leave the gym ready for the next guy. If he pulls a muscle hanging a sandbag then it’s gone in the next hour or so, fifteen minutes if he uses a salve. That’s not the case for a regular joe.
“There’s a woman to whom we owe protection.” Fury says, but he’s pacing. “She’s agreed to act as bait for a trap SHIELD is setting, but it means her normal guard cannot be in evidence. We need someone with a specific skill set to act as her bodyguard.”
“My skill set is punching things, sir.” Steve says in a flat tone. “Also absorbing large amounts of damage.”
“That would be the skill set we need, Cap.”
“Then why do you need me? You’ve got an entire agency of soldiers who can do that too.”
Fury glances at him and there’s something glimmering in that single flinty eye. It looks suspiciously like humor. “We’re talking about a matter of scale. The woman is Antonia Stark, CEO of Stark Industries. You’d be replacing Iron Man.”
Stark. Stark? “I know that name, sir.”
“Toni Stark is Howard Stark’s daughter.” Fury says. “You’ve met her… well, briefly anyway.”
“Sir?” Steve wracks his brain. He’s met a lot of people in the past few weeks and has sent most of them away, but he knows all their names… none of them…
“She was on the front steps of SHIELD HQ when you made your break for it.” Fury supplies and that glimmer of amusement is a full-scale smirk now. “You might remember pushing a woman into a crowd of my agents.”
Steve does remember that. In his defense, he’d been running blind and she hadn’t moved to get out of his way. Instead she’d hit him in a full-body tackle to the waist where she clung like a limpet. To say he ‘threw’ her is sort of an exaggeration. Really he’d just been struggling free, but his ears went hot all the same. That was not one of his prouder moments and is in fact one of the ones where he imagines his mother looking down on him from heaven with a rolled up newspaper.
“Normally, I’d say Toni Stark is the last woman on earth who needs protection… but you damaged the medical exoskeleton she uses to walk that day so her movement is somewhat impaired at the moment.” Fury turns to Steve. “I thought you might appreciate a chance to make it right.”
… a medical what?
000
Later Google turns up 24,200,000 hits on the phrase ‘Toni Stark’ in .23 seconds.
It seems like the woman’s entire life is public record.
Steve stays up until three am reading up on his future charge. He reads about parties that last for weeks and the robots she designed at the age of fourteen that now serve in surgical suites. He reads about her rumored visits to rehab and the Maria Stark Foundation’s endowment for the arts. He reads about genius, tragedy, terror, and triumph.
He reads about Afghanistan, what little there is. He reads about ground breaking mobility tech Toni Stark designed to combat her mysterious paralysis and then made available at-cost and often free to low-income families. He reads about the ‘Iron Man’, her mysterious bodyguard who is really Chris He
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rule 63
Female Tony
Male Pepper
Alternate Universe
Dodgy science
general geekery

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

