Work Text:
Tony can’t breathe. Well, he can, it’s just that the air is lodged somewhere between his lungs and mouth and all that comes out is a low wheezing noise. Curling forward, he mashes his face into the comforter, feeling it adhere itself to his damp cheek, but he doesn’t care because Steve is right there behind him fucking into him in all the right ways. His body twitches, over-sensitised as he comes down from the high, but it’s the least of his worries.“Oh god,” he exhales and Steve slows to a halt, still filling him up, cock jumping every time Tony’s muscles spasm around him. “I definitely didn’t mean for that to happen.”Steve sighs, the noise long and low, and his breath fans out across Tony’s shoulders.“It’s okay,” Steve replies, sounding breathless and not at all okay and Tony groans because Steve is Captain America even when he’s not in the suit.With a hand on Tony’s waist, Steve slowly pulls out, leaning over him briefly to toss the condom in the trashcan beside the bed. When Steve moves off of him and Tony finally gains control of his limbs again, he rolls over onto his back and lets out a frustrated noise at the ceiling.“This is entirely unfair on you.”Steve looms over him, one eyebrow raised.“Yes, it’s completely unfair that I get to be between your thighs, watching you come undone because of what I’m doing to you.”Steve’s capacity for sarcasm has definitely increased over the past few months and Tony’s pretty sure he only has himself to blame for that. He grumbles and gives Steve his best stern look, though the part where he’s naked and covered in his own come probably lessens its effects slightly.“You know what I mean.”Steve pushes the hair away from Tony’s forehead and drops a row of kisses down Tony’s jaw, which is a totally new kind of unfair because Steve knows what that does to him. He tilts his face into the touch and runs his hands down Steve’s sides, pulling him closer.“Whatever will we do with you?” Steve breathes into his ear and Tony has a few good suggestions if Steve’s willing to wait half an hour. Steve apparently has his own ideas, because he shifts up the bed to straddle Tony’s thighs, holding most of his weight on one arm while he slides a hand down his own stomach, curling his fingers around his thick cock. He pumps himself quick and easy and Tony’s mouth waters at the sight alone.“This isn’t exactly punishment,” he murmurs and Steve smirks down at him, two dots of colour sitting high on his cheeks.“Who said it was?”Four simples words and Tony’s mind practically short-circuits. He doesn’t know why it’s hot, only that coming out of Steve’s mouth in that tone just does something to him. He tries to slip a hand down to help, mostly because he can practically feel the warm throbbing of Steve’s cock, but Steve just bats it away gently.“This is punishment,” Tony accuses and he’s sure Steve would retort if he wasn’t biting his bottom lip and coming across Tony’s stomach in long strands that almost reach the arc reactor in his chest. Tony doesn’t even blink, because he’d rather sit through a three-hour long business conference than look away.Steve’s weight finally settles on him and he’d complain if it didn’t feel so good to be pinned to the bed helplessly, which, apparently, is another thing he never should have shared with Steve because he always seems to exploit it. Steve leans over him, only just out of breath, but slowly catching it again, and he drops a kiss to his mouth that is almost as dirty as Tony feels.“You’ll know when it’s punishment,” Steve says, nose nudging against Tony’s cheek. “I’ll hold you down and force you to wait until I’ve had my share.”Tony’s cock gives a valiant effort to harden, because who knew? America’s golden boy has a wicked side to him, but luckily for America, Tony Stark will take it upon himself to make sure no evil deed ever leaves their bedroom. He’s selfless like that and it’s definitely underappreciated.“I hope that’s a promise,” he replies and it’s totally not a whine, but he’s willing to concede that it’s an easy mistake to make.Steve just tips his head and smiles, never saying a goddamn word, and Tony really, really hopes that means Yes.*Tony almost sings his praises when Steve wakes him two days later with a hot, wet mouth around his cock, large hands pinning Tony’s hips to the mattress.“Good morning,” Tony says, blinking against the light filtering between the shutters and glancing down at the Steve Rogers-shaped lump under the sheets. He gets a grunt in reply that ripples all the way up his body and leaves his own mouth in a shuddering sigh. He’s glad no one ever taught Steve not to talk with his mouth full. He lets his head drop back into the pillows and slides his hands underneath them, gripping the soft material between his fingers to keep from grabbing the back of Steve’s head and thrusting to his heart’s content.Steve’s lips are soft around him, his tongue flicking expertly along the underside of his erection, and Tony thinks bac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve/Tony

freeform: 
Orgasm Control
Cock Rings
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Steve/Tony

