Chapter 1: then
    




Chapter Text
Charles fell in love with Erik Lehnsherr the very first week of college, at the very first college party he ever attended.At the time, he didn't pay it much mind. At barely eighteen, he had already lost track of how many times he had fallen in love. Dozens, probably. The month before, he'd fallen in love with the girl in the seat next to him on the airplane on the way home from the terrible vacation he'd spent with his family. Her mind had lit up like sparklers when she told him about her horse and how much she loved riding and Charles had been completely infatuated for the length of the flight, and even a few hours after. Just the week before he moved into his room on campus, he fell in love with the new barista at the Starbucks in his hometown, a chatty Puerto Rican boy who used his cooling powers to make iced coffees and cappuccinos, his mind emanating a cool calm as he did it. Charles fell in love easily and hard and, ultimately, fleetingly.Usually.He assumed, at the time, that was all this latest infatuation was—falling head over heels in love with the sexy, passionate, loud mutant boy at the party who was standing on a chair and ranting about the human establishment, then dancing with a generically attractive hipster boy to some sort of pulsing dance music, their hips moving in obscene time to the rhythm of the music.Charles never actually spoke to the boy at that party, but that was fine. His mind was beautiful—it lit the whole room up like a beacon, like nothing Charles had ever sensed before. And not speaking to him didn't stop Charles from crafting a series of ridiculous fantasies, that night and the next, of how they were meant to be, half-laughing at himself even while he remembered the sharp lines of the boy's hips in his low-rise jeans and the startling pure strum of his thoughts as he lectured the room.His feelings were all-consuming and true and fierce, but—well, it was also the first week of college. Charles was about to meet hundreds of other people, after all, and probably many of them would be smart and funny and interesting and attractive and engaging and all of the other attributes that made him melt every time. It wasn't until Tuesday morning that he realized that something might be different this time. Introduction to Mutant Biology was a prerequisite to nearly every class Charles intended to take in his major, and plenty of the electives too, a low-level class to get out of the way before diving into more intense science courses. The professor spent most of the first class meeting going over the syllabus, line by line. By the time he began to wrap it up, there were about fifteen minutes left, and Charles could feel the sudden interest of the other students in the lecture hall as they began to perk up at the possibility of being let out early—only to have their hopes be suddenly crushed as the boy from the party raised his hand to ask a question. Sort of. It was more akin to a pontification than a question in some ways.At the party, Charles had been giddy and excited and surrounded by equally nervous and emotionally heightened minds. He hadn't so much listened to the content of the boy's speech as the way he said it, the way he believed it. And that was all well and good at a party, where Charles was drinking and happy and excited and relaxed and buoyed by the intoxicated minds of those around him, but this was class, and Charles had limits on how far someone could twist the rules of science for their cause.No matter how hot they were."We're meant," the boy was saying, "to be the better species, the species that survives." He was ostensibly talking to the professor, but Charles could tell he was hoping to incite a passionate response from the other students as well. A few looked interested—a few others looked positively rapturous—but most seemed to be watching the clock more than anything else. The boy had been speaking for nearly five minutes now, and there were still ten until class was officially over. "Homo sapiens killed off neanderthals," the boy continued, and Charles winced. The professor seemed amused. Charles could tell, without even reading him, that he was going to let the boy wind himself up and then knock him down, but there was only so much Charles could take. Ten more minutes was a long time. "And I'm not saying we need to kill off humans, but if that's the direction we're going, shouldn't we be focused on rising above them?"Charles laughed. He couldn't help himself and he covered his mouth with his hands quickly, but it was too late—everyone was staring at him."What?" the boy asked, pining Charles under his gaze, and it was really unfair how attractive he still was, even when he was being an idiot."You're just...working on really terribly out of date science," Charles explained. "Yes, I know those are the theories that Eisenhardt cites in that terrible 'Tirade on Mutant Bigotry'—""Treatise on Mutant Supremacy," the boy said pointe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Other(s)
Charles Xavier/Other(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - College/University
Friends to Lovers
Background Het
Background Slash
Underage Drinking
Recreational Drug Use
Canon Disabled Character
Canon Jewish Character
Making Out
Sex Toys
Mutant Rights
Brother-Sister Relationships
Piercings
Meet the Family
Family
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Texting
Past Child Abuse

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Other(s)
Charles Xavier/Other(s)

