Work Text:
"It's a goddamn tragedy. I want you to know that. Tragedy. If Shakespeare were alive, he'd be writing a play about this and everyone would die in the end. And then Baz Luhrmann would make a movie about it. Leo would play you, and he'd get every nomination but still wouldn't get an Oscar. We have to fix this; if this goes on for much longer, they'll take away your Midgard Card."

"That is not a real thing," Loki says, reaching over to grasp a handful of popcorn, a staple when watching movies according to Darcy, who showed Loki how to time the microwave just right for "maximum yumminess without any of the burnt crap". He pops them into his mouth one by one, enjoying each new burst of buttery flavor on his tongue.

Darcy gives him a look. "How do you know? You've been here, what, like, five minutes?"

"I don't understand why you are so adamant that I do this. I have seen many Midgardian films." The one about the creature that incubates in a human host and bursts through the human's chest to continue perpetuating its species was fascinating. The one with the bloodsuckers that sparkled in the sunlight made him seriously reconsider his decision to not destroy the planet.

"These aren't just films," Darcy snaps, eyes wide and looking for all the world as if he has personally insulted her. If he were not so terrified of her and her electrocution gun, he would make a comment about it. He errs on the side of caution and takes more popcorn for himself instead.

In the wake of Victor von Doom's attack on the city, Jane has been spending quite a lot of time at Stark Tower with Thor, as well as utilizing the laboratory for her research. Loki cannot remember his brother ever being so happy. As a result, Jane's assistant-cum-friend, Darcy, has staged a rather subtle invasion, insinuating herself among the Avengers as if she had always been one of them. He enjoys Darcy's company; she is blunt, sarcastic, and fears nothing. On Asgard, she would surely be hailed as a goddess of Valhala.

"I fail to see the difference." Loki turns the DVD case over. "It is a man with apes. Anthropomorphized apes, at that."

Darcy snatches it from her hands. "It's Disney. How have these morons not shown you any Disney yet? PIXAR? Have you seen WALL-E? No? Oh god, like I said, tragedy. All right, new plan: Disney marathon. JARVIS, are you going to make me walk all the way over to the DVD player, or can you just fire up Starkflix and put it on for us?"

The air practically vibrates with amusement. "No, Darcy, I will not force you to endure the ten steps to and from the couch."

"I love you, JARVIS." Darcy settles back, pressed all along Loki's side and radiating heat and the smell of her citrusy, inexpensive shampoo. "JARVIS and I are in love. We're totally going to get married and have lots of invisible robot babies… at least until the Skynet takeover. Right, snookums?"

"Of course, dear," JARVIS says. "I will see to it that your death is swift and painless."

Darcy snaps and points at the ceiling. "True love, right there. All right, we ready? Loki, can you handle this? I don't think you can handle this. Now I'm afraid to even start the movie, JARVIS. Loki's head might cave in under the weight of all the animated awesomeness and the Phil Collins songs." To Loki, she says, "People will tell you that, like, Beauty and the Beast is the best, but that is a liar liar pants on fire situation."

"Hey, what are you watching? Ooh, Tarzan! I saw that one a couple weeks back. Boy, the part when he's fi --"

"If you spoil the movie for him, Steve, I will punch you. I will punch Captain America," Darcy vows darkly, as Captain America takes a seat in one of the plush chairs on either side of the sofa.

Despite having been accepted into the Tower in the weeks after the Doom incident, Loki still does not know how to act around Captain America -- or, Steve Rogers, as he prefers to be called out of the ridiculous uniform he wears. The man has a way about him that sets every part of Loki's body on edge, an itch that has no precise location and thus causes all of him to prickle. It is a peculiar reaction, especially when Rogers is such a virtuous creature. Perhaps it is Rogers's natural aura of an authority figure.

Tony is convinced it is pheromones, and "soon the entire world will descend upon the good Captain like an Axe commercial gone terribly, terribly wrong." Whatever that means.

Rogers flashes Loki an apologetic smile. "Sorry. It's a good movie. I mean, I read Tarzan and the Apes when I was a kid, but this… This is incredible. I can't believe you can do that sort of thing with art. I saw Snow White and the Seven Dwarves at the cinema once and we used to make flipbooks when we had downtime, but it's nothing compared to what they do now."

Loki has no idea what Rogers is babbling about, and then he remembers Tony's explanation, shouted over a welding gun, about the Super Soldier serum, the war, the ice. Seventy years, submerged, asleep. Loki had us
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dirty Talk
Don't copy to another website

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

