Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He blinks awake in Germany with blood on his hands and concrete dust in his hair.  The words are still there, carved into his right arm; he's made a habit of checking, he thinks, for a while now.  [You are James Buchanan Barnes].  He doesn't know how long it's been there, though he remembers tracing over a healing James with a scalpel he'd found in the Moscow laboratory. James Buchanan Barnes is his name.  He just doesn't know what it means, yet.  --- The exhibit at the Smithsonian is gone by the time he makes it back to Washington.  It's not until he's looking for it that he realizes that it hadn't been there last time, either.  It's been a long time since he's thought about it.  There are other things he could be looking at- other things that would help, other things he should know.   He needs to go though.  Right now.--- He steals a car and drives to Chicago.  Doesn't kill anyone this time; someone's already found the lab.  The remains of the cryotank are familiar underneath the fist-sized indentations in the door, but he doesn't know if he'd ever been kept here.  What's more troubling- more troubling than usual- is the fact that he can't remember if he's already been here.  If those imprints are his, if he's going in circles.--- He wakes up in the middle of the night and his arm is itching.  There's a name carved into it.  Apparently it's his.   ---He's in Philadelphia the next time he's got his shit together enough to go out to the library.  The librarian tells him that there are several books on Steven Grant Rogers, three published in the last two years.  All of them are currently checked out.  She suggests databases he might use, if he'd like to sit down at one of the computers. He shifts to keep his left hand hidden inside his coat.  If she can hear the metal plates grinding, she doesn't comment.--- He's just north of Caracas, headed for the coast on a stolen motorcycle, when he glances over his shoulder and sees the black SUV's coming onto the highway half a mile back.  It's not until he's ditched the bike and found his way onto a freighter that he remembers why they'd been chasing him.  He stays hidden; presses his hands against his ears when the sound of things shifting in their metal crates starts to echo too deeply in his brain.  His right hand- the human one- muffles more sound than the other.  His left, most of the time, is just cold. ---In Miami, he listens to the noise of demolition crews on the next block up; as soon as they tear down the warehouse, the last remaining evidence of the lab there will be destroyed.  He'll have to move again as soon as the crews start working past it.  And even though he's ready for it, the morning eventually does come when he's woken by the sounds of trucks that are suddenly too damned close.  He breaks cover, leaving the warehouse and heading for the train yard.  Someone shouts after him- he's been spotted- but he doesn't stop and he doesn't hurt them and he doesn't stop running until he reaches Jacksonville.    When he arrives, he feels like a puppet whose strings have been cut.  There's no impulse telling him where to go or what to do when he gets there.  There are no directives cutting up through the noise in his head.  Nothing to drive him to tear across the country.  No instincts to walk into a building and tear through another half dozen bodies.  He waits, sweating and humid, but nothing comes.  He doesn't hurt anybody.---He's slipping away from the grocery store's loading dock on a Thursday, same as last week, when he catches himself looking up to see the girls coming out of the dance studio across the street and realizes he'd expected to see them.  He's been himself, or at least a version of himself, for three months now.  There's a continuity to his thinking that he knows hasn't always been there.  It doesn't mean he's doing great.  His left arm's still acting up, catching on some inner working at the elbow that freezes his middle and ring fingers open.  He's tired, and he thinks maybe, now, it's time to start facing up to all of this.  He goes to the public library, searches "james buchanan barnes current whereabouts," on a computer, and exhales heavily at the inevitability of it all.  He finds a book about the Howling Commandos to flip through while he waits.  He sees his name over and over and it still doesn't mean anything.   He can feel it the moment he's been noticed, and he scans his exits again anyway, though he's sitting out here in the open for a reason.  One that's walking right towards him, still bigger than he ought to be."Hey Buck," Steve says, stopping a few feet away, hands down at his sides, hiding nothing.  "You okay?"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
AU
Jossed
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Identity Issues
Deaf Clint Barton
Hearing aids
Adaptive Tech
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Bucky Barnes's Non-Metal Arm
Comic Book Science
Comic Book Violence
POV Alternating
Slow Build
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Clint Feels
Clint is a Walking Disaster
Clint Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Everyone is a good bro
Bucky is Capable of Handling his Issues
Written before Age of Ultron came out
Written before Fraction's Hawkeye run finished
background Natasha/Steve
People Actually Talking Things Out
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
One-Sided Attraction (past)
Self Confidence Issues
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Clint Barton Has Issues
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Neighbors
Domestic
Awkward First Times
Minor Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
So much talking
Hurt/Comfort
kidnappings
Spoilers for Deadpool (2016)
Friends to Lovers
Sam is the best bro
Suicidal Thoughts
better is not a destination
Low-Key Ending with an Epilogue
Trigger Warning: Unrealistic mental health treatment

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

