Work Text:
elioenai (unto god are my eyes)

 

Well, Tony thinks, blinking back dust and dried blood.  This is different.
There's a cat sitting on his chest.  An honest-to-god, shaggy-furred cat, blinking down at him and hissing at the sky. 
Captain America looms somewhere just overhead, and there's a wolf at his side.  Her—and it is a she, Tony knows it right away—fur is dark, but her eyes are gentle, almost worried. 
The cat sitting on his chest purrs.  Tony blinks.  He's not entirely sure how he's supposed to react to that. 
(Somehow, he feels like saying hey, can someone tell me where the fuck this cat came from, and also, Rogers keep that thing away from me, it might have fleas is inappropriate.)
So instead he says, "Shawarma?"
The cat laughs.
----
Tony gets better.  The concussion and the shock of travelling between universes fade gradually, and life settles back down to its usual pace.
But the animals don’t go away. 
Tony’s the only one who can see them.  He’s watched other people—and he’s observant, when he wants to be—and no one else seems to notice that they have animals at their sides, or perched on their shoulders, or tucked inside their clothes. 
I’ve gone crazy, Tony thinks, very, very calmly.  Okay.  We all knew it was going to happen one day.  
The cat—his cat, he supposes—laughs, his tail curling.  “You’re not going crazy,” the cat says.  (Oh, yeah, it talks to him too.)  “You’ve just woken up.”
Tony never answers the cat.  He’s pretty sure he’s not supposed to talk to sentient imaginary animals.  That’s weird, right?  One of those societal faux pas things Pepper’s always telling him not to do? 
He can’t help but see the cat, though, always dogging his footsteps, slinking in his shadow.  He tries not to watch it too much.  It worries Pepper, when she catches him staring at the wall or a spot on the floor, fascinated by something only he can see.
He wishes Pepper could see the animals.  Hers is beautiful.  It—he—is a dog, a border collie with a sharp, intelligent face and glossy fur.  The collie chases Tony’s cat around the room whenever Pepper’s trying to coerce him into working, and flops on his back whenever Tony and Pepper curl against each other. 
When they kiss, Tony feels warmth pool in his chest, right below the arc reactor, and his cat is purring and swaying into Pepper’s collie and it feels good, it feels strange and wonderful and new, and it scares him so much he doesn’t look at the cat for nearly a week. 
But the cat’s there, just like Pepper’s dog and Steve’s wolf and Fury’s motherfucking monster of an owl. 
They don’t go away.
“Hate to break it to you,” says the cat smugly, stretching and splaying his sharp claws, “but we’re here to stay.” 
“We’ll see about that,” Tony mutters.  “We will see about that.”
----
After a few months, Tony has to give up the ghost.  He’s tried everything, science, medicine, electroshock therapy, but the animals don’t go away. 
So he adapts.  He’s nothing if not flexible, after all, and he’s dealt with worse. 
The cat becomes a part of his daily life.  He makes sure that he doesn’t step on Pepper’s collie—he’s not sure yet how solid these things are, because he’s afraid to touch the cat—and never bumps Bruce’s own cat—a she-cat, bob-tailed, and nearly as ragged as his own—when they work together. 
It works. 
Tony starts watching people, and their animals, and he starts building theories in his head as to what they are and why this person has this animal and so on and so forth.
It’s like people-watching for the mentally unstable. 
Scientist types tend to have cats over any other animal.  Some have dogs or birds and one particularly foul-tempered intern in R&D has a hyena, but mostly it’s cats of every size and color. 
Nick Fury has an owl, and it is the meanest son-of-a-bitch Tony’s ever seen.  She’s a ratty, one-eyed, battle-scarred thing, more callous than feather, and she clacks her beak imperiously every time she sees Tony, which follows Fury bellowing for new tech. 
The cat always hisses at the owl.  At least it has its priorities straight.
People like Pepper, highly organized, meticulous, and good at following and giving out orders (loyal to the bone, whispers the cat, inside Tony’s ears), are usually dogs, though Pepper has the prettiest one.
Coulson would have a dog, Tony catches himself thinking one night.  The cat is settled near his elbow, watching with his bright, amused eyes.  A big one.  
“A strong one,” the cat rumbles.  “Can you see her?”
And yeah, Tony can just imagine what she’d look like.  Shaggy, a mutt of some kind, something that looked unassuming, but huge, with shoulders wide enough to carry even Fury’s owl around. 
The cat laughs.  “See?  Now you’re getting it.” 
Tony ignores it for the rest of the night.
----
In the winter, months after his adventure between worlds, Tony learns, very abruptly, that the animals are, in fact, solid. 
It’s an accident, really, it is.  He didn’t mean to do it.  It’s just that the Avengers are there
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Daemon
Inter-dimensional travel
Kink Meme

fandom: 
None
