Work Text:
Steve woke to the sensation that every cell of his body was on fire.  "Shit," he choked out, curling sideways on the mattress and trying his best not to vomit from the pain.  What he would give for this to be the flu, or tuberculosis, or even leprosy -- but there was only one thing that felt like this and there was no point in denying it:  Steve was in heat.  "Shit," he said again, and this time he couldn't stop himself from bursting out into helpless tears.  How long had it been since he had last gone into heat -- four years, five?  Long enough that the doctors had been convinced it was a fluke -- that Steve was just a beta whose levels had taken unusually long to stabilise and not the omega everyone had thought -- but apparently they had been right all along.  Otherwise why would Steve have been lying here in agony, burning up with the need to be touched and ruining the sheets with omega slick? He needed to get out of here before Bucky got back from work, he decided.  He'd hide out somewhere until his heat passed and pretend he'd gotten called out of town, because if Bucky saw Steve like this, even weaker and more pathetic than he already was, Steve would never be able to look him in the face again.  He'd almost finished packing a bag when he heard the front door opening.  He sprinted to the door, leaning his full weight against it to keep it closed."Don't come in, Bucky," he said, voice cracking.  "Just go away, please."Bucky pushed the door open halfway.  "Steve, what's the matter with you?"  His concern was clear as day, but Steve just wanted him gone -- the thought of Bucky taking care of him during his heat filled him with despair.  "Nothing's the matter," Steve said, feeling the slick drip slowly down the inside of his thigh, increasing in response to the presence of an alpha.  "Bucky, I'm begging you, just go.  Please -- ""I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's going on," said Bucky, shoving the door, and Steve barely managed to keep it from flying open.  "You sound like you're dying in there."He was half-right.  Steve felt like he was going to die of humiliation, but he would rather suffer through this alone than let Bucky of all people see him like this.  "Come on, Bucky," he said, "I'm fine, alright?  Just need some time to myself."  He must have sounded convincing enough, because he heard Bucky sigh in resignation.  "Okay, Steve," he said, rapping on the door with finality.  "Come by when you feel better, yeah?"Steve could have sobbed in relief.  "I will, I promise.  I'll be fine." Bucky's footsteps receded down the hall, and Steve dragged himself over to the bed and stripped off his ruined clothes as fast as he could.  Now that the fear had passed, his arousal was skyrocketing.  Steve pulled his knees up to his chest and shoved two fingers inside himself as deep as they would go.  It wasn't nearly enough -- his body was aching with the need to be filled, to be fucked.  Even as he twisted desperately, searching for that one spot only omegas were born with, he knew he wouldn't be able to reach.  He turned onto his stomach, rubbing his cock against the soaked sheets, and so he didn't notice Bucky climbing in through the kitchen window until it was too late."Holy shit, Steve," said Bucky, and Steve froze in horror.  This couldn't be happening -- but Bucky was standing there with his eyes and mouth open, staring at Steve like he couldn't believe what he was seeing.  "Bucky," moaned Steve, burying his face in the sheets, "get out, I told you to go." Bucky only walked closer, his scent intoxicating, and Steve realised with a shock that that he wanted Bucky.  Wanted Bucky to hold him down and fuck him until he was sore and screaming.  But deep down, he'd always known -- it was that the heat had finally made him face the truth."I never knew," said Bucky, sounding dazed.  "I've known you for three years -- I thought you were a beta.""So did I," Steve said, laughing bitterly into the pillow.  "Guess we were both wrong."  He shuddered as Bucky laid a hand on his shoulder.  Bucky probably meant it to be comforting, but it made Steve's skin blaze anew.  "Don't touch me," he said, pained.Bucky stroked his damp back, sending sparks dancing across Steve's vision.  "You stubborn idiot," he said, but even in Steve's addled state he could tell it was fond.  "Were you really gonna do this alone?  You didn't think I'd help you out?"Steve could have cried from relief.  Of course he'd wanted Bucky to come back and take care of him, just as he'd always done, but there was a difference between tending to Steve's cuts and scrapes and being willing to have sex with him.  Bucky was straighter than an arrow and even if he hadn't been, he was still Steve's only friend -- Steve would never have traded that friendship for anything. "I'm sorry, Bucky," he said, covering his face with his hands as Bucky turned him onto his back.  "I didn't want you to see."Bucky pulled his hands away and brushed Steve's hair 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

