Work Text:
Phil walked through the corridors as if he knew what he was doing; that was second nature. He stepped over wreckage they still hadn't repaired and acknowledged the respectful nods of the surviving agents. He walked right up to the door of section 37 with the outward confidence he was known for, thankful that the carrier still had enough emergency power to register his retina and voiceprint and let him in.Once he got inside and the door closed behind him, he leaned against the wall and closed his eyes, clenching his fists against the exhaustion that threatened to overwhelm him. Here, where no one could see him, he could afford to acknowledge some hard truths. He was in charge, at least until the World Security Council replaced him with a patsy of their choosing, which they were sure to do soon. The country was still in a state of panic. His shoulder was completely fucked, getting worse rather than better. He had a sneaking suspicion he was suffering from radiation poisoning after his visit to the remains of Manhattan. Perhaps it had been a mistake to go there, but he'd felt it necessary to personally examine the site of the portal and make sure nothing remained.And everyone he cared about was dead. That wasn't completely true. He cared about the people who'd survived the Chitauri attack and its aftermath, at least on an abstract level. He cared about all the surviving members of SHIELD, even if he didn't know any of them particularly well.  That wasn't their fault, just as it wasn't their fault they needed more from him with every passing day.There was nothing he could do about any of it. He was the acting director of SHIELD, and there were people relying on him to direct them, for as long as he could, as well as he could. He'd have to get back to that once he left this room, but for now he had a few minutes alone. They all thought he'd come in here to inventory whatever it was that the director had kept hidden here, something he hadn't had time to do until now. He intended to do that, but if he were being honest with himself (and he was always honest with himself; he just chose not to dwell), it was just as much about getting those few minutes alone, to let the mask drop, let his hands shake. To remember. To grieve.He set the timer on his watch and sank to the floor, dropping his face into his hands. When the timer went off three minutes later, he wiped his eyes and stood up again. There was work to be done, and he was the only one who could do it.Hoping to find something useful, something that might heal radiation burns or rebuild flattened buildings, he moved through the room slowly, inspecting each piece of technology. Some pieces were easily figured out--a gun was a gun, even if it might function more like a phaser from Star Trek--but others were a complete mystery. He found himself drawn to what appeared to be a simple silver ball the size of an apple. The sphere was resting inside a clear red cube; the whole apparatus looked like something Steve Jobs would have come up with. He picked it up, and the cube immediately split down the middle and disappeared.Phil caught the sphere by reflex, keeping it from falling to the ground. It was warm, and the minute it was in his hand, it began to glow. Phil knew he should be concerned, maybe even very concerned, but instead he was enveloped by a sense of rightness and peace. The glow grew brighter and brighter, until he had to close his eyes, and then it flashed brilliantly, almost like the flash over Manhattan, and abruptly went out. At the same instant, an alarm started going off. It was a sound he knew well, indicating an unauthorized person in a secure area. He opened his eyes, placed the sphere on a shelf by feel, and unholstered his sidearm.The afterimages left from the glowing sphere made it difficult to see clearly, but he was able to move towards the door. It burst open before he could reach the handle, whoever it was gasping in surprise and then saying, in a very familiar voice, "Drop it, put your hands on your head, and get on your knees.""Barton?" Phil said, incredulous, because it couldn't be. He lowered his weapon automatically nonetheless."On the ground right now or I will shoot you," the voice insisted, Clint insisted. His voice was full of pain and anger, not calm dispassion. Phil lowered his weapon to the ground and got on his knees, blinking furiously against the afterimages and staring up at Clint. Clint Barton, who looked back at him with wide, red-rimmed eyes that were grey with flecks of gold and green, not a uniform ice-blue. Clint, who was alive, and apparently no longer compromised. Phil didn't feel like he was hallucinating, but none of it made any sense."I don't understand," he said, bewildered. He felt completely enervated; holding his right arm up was a challenge, the left a complete impossibility. "How are you alive?""Shut the fuck up," Barton snarled, securing his wrists and hauling him to his feet. Phil stumbled and almos
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Fix-It
tony stark - Freeform
Pepper Potts - Freeform
Bruce Banner - Freeform
Natasha Romanoff - Freeform
James "Bucky" Barnes - Freeform
Nick Fury - Freeform
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

