Chapter 1





Chapter Text

*
He is waiting for Coulson to change his mind.

*
Two days after Coulson pries Clint open like a corpse in a morgue to examine everything that’s vulnerable and ugly inside of him, he calls Clint into his office and tells him to close the door behind him. Clint appreciates the privacy, but not the implication that what they’re doing is so embarrassing they have to hide it.“I need to get an idea of where your reading and writing ability levels lie,” Coulson says. Clint shifts his weight from foot to foot. He’s not ready to sit down yet. “They’re low,” Clint says.“What grade level did you attain?” Clint bites his tongue for a second. The sharp pain helps him focus. “Attain?”Coulson nods, as if confirming this new piece of information about Clint. Doesn’t know any fucking words at all. “What’s the last grade you finished?”“Fifth.” He’d taken it twice but hadn’t passed it either time. He’s watching Coulson closely enough that he sees the man wince. Clint smiles at that, unsure why he feels so perversely pleased.“All right. Would you mind if I asked you to read something for me?”“Sure.” He sits down and acts relaxed. “Let’s get this freak show on the road.” The only book Coulson’s got with him is the SHIELD handbook. Clint stumbles through reading the first page, demonstrating how absolutely useless it is when he tries to ‘sound out’ words, staying silent when Coulson asks him questions about the content of what he’d just read, writing out sentences that Coulson recites to him on an already half-full legal pad. He doesn’t look at the blocky, uneven letters once they’ve left his pen, just slides the notepad over to Coulson. “Do you know the alphabet?” Coulson asks, his fingers tapping out an irregular pattern on the paper.“Of course,” he says, glaring at Coulson. He’s dumb, not dead.“Recite it for me.”Clint rattles through the first few letters, but stumbles when he gets to L. H, I, J, K, L…and then, he remembers from the months he spent stuck at this juncture in the sequence when he’d still been in school, it’s something that ends up sounding like ‘element.’ L, M, N, T…Fuck. Three-year-olds can do this. L, M, N, O, P, fucking P, then Q, R, S…T? He closes his eyes. He hadn’t thought it would be this bad. “T,” Coulson prompts.“Yeah, I know,” he says. “T, U, V.” “There’s a couple more after that,” Coulson says, after a lengthy pause. “Yeah, well. Who needs them? They’re the reject letters, anyway.” Like X. Who needs to use X? “I know the alphabet,” he says quietly. “Just not always in order. But I know all the letters.”“Okay,” Coulson says.Coulson’s got him multiplying three-digit numbers by two-digit numbers (which he can do, if he can keep from inverting the figures) when Clint realizes that he’s bitten through part of his cheek. His fingers stutter on the page, turning a zero into a lopsided six. “That’s enough for today,” Coulson says, taking the pen and paper out of Clint’s hands. Clint’s never been so happy to have something taken away from him. “Thank you for giving me this information. Let’s meet again on Friday.” Two days. He nods. Makes himself say, “Thank you.” Leaves and doesn’t close the door behind him.

*
For most of Clint’s life, being able to read has been like being able to fly. Sure, it would be nice, and sometimes he’ll dream about what it would be like to have words or wings, but at some point he always comes back down to earth.He has a new blanket that he doesn’t unfold and six paychecks that he doesn’t know how to deposit and one superior agent who will soon realize that Clint’s not worth the effort.

*
“Day two,” Coulson says on Friday, pulling out a form and putting it on the desk in front of Clint.Clint looks at it. The words on the top of the page are bold and all capital letters; he’s reasonably sure that they stand for something—but the groups of letters seem too long for that, so they might be words. He glances up at Coulson, who nods his head back at the paper. “Take your time,” Coulson says, as if Clint doesn’t know that Coulson’s time is too valuable to be wasting it on Clint. Right. Okay. He can do this. The first part’s numbers and letters mixed together, it’s definitely naming the type of form. RANGE ACCESS, it says after that, the letters huge and pushed together. “I already have range access,” he says, trying to pretend that he’s confused about that, and not about the next line of text on the page which starts with…request, and then for, which he knows, and then something long that begins with per…“Your current level of access only extends to working hours,” Coulson says, interrupting Clint’s train of thought.“Yeah, but I can—” Clint clears his throat and tries to look innocent. “I can, um. I can get all the practice I need during those hours.” “You sneak in during the middle of the night.”“Maybe,” Clint says with a grin, trying to look playful instead of trapped.“Definitely.”“How do you know everything?”“I have many spies,” Coulson says, pushing the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dyslexia
Dr. Seuss - Freeform
Insecurity
Developing Relationship
Learning Disabilities
Internalized Homophobia

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

