Chapter 1: What is going on?!
    




Chapter Text
            Hello people! This is my first Avengers’ fic, it’s been in my head a long long time, as in, I think it cropped up the moment I saw the movie. I read some theory on Tumblr I believe that said Loki was brainwashed, tortured, and of course I believe this too. So this is my take on the outcome of the invasion of New York. Characters might be a little OOC sometimes as I ease into this, I might fix it later, and again, yeah, this is how I wish it would have panned out  That Loki isn’t immediately taken back to Asgard, and Tony and Loki had a relationship in the past. Of course because of the whole ‘falling into the void thing’ Tony just thinks Loki left and he hadn’t seen him since. This is the first, very long chapter, if anyone is interested I shall add more! Just to be safe I’m rating it M because there will be mentions of torture and rape later on, so I don’t wanna trigger anybody. And as always I don’t own ANYTHING by Marvel, this is just my interpretation. Reviews are greatly appreciated!!!
 
            Tony hesitantly turned the monitors on that accessed viewing to the various labs in his tower. He hadn’t exactly been forthcoming to his new team mates about his knowledge of Loki, hell he didn’t even let on that he knew the guy. That he had been just as equally shocked at the flood of aliens coming down in the sky as he was seeing the green eyed man he’d met a year ago, leading their way. Tony Stark wasn’t one to choose genders, when he liked a person he liked a person and when they met at a bar almost two years ago, he was instantly struck by the man. But at some point in time the mindless fucking formed into something else, something deeper with the man/alien/god, whatever.
            When they’d spoken finally, both men on the ground and Loki wielding that scepter of his, he was shocked that Loki didn’t seem to remember him. Absolutely no recognition, and it was in that moment that Tony wondered if Clint wasn’t the only one to be under some kind of control. He wore a crazed look in his eye and a vacant expression Tony couldn’t pinpoint let alone properly describe, because it was so unlike the soft eyes that Tony had come to know. Loki certainly wasn’t any kind of puppy, but he didn’t know who this person was. So after the Hulk’s beating of the god, he was curious as to how S.H.I.E.L.D’s team would get any information out of him. Also, he wanted an explanation because of the nagging voice in his hyper active brain that insisted something was very wrong. At this point he expected some villainous speech, what he didn’t expect was the sudden sound of pleading echoing out of the speakers of the monitors. When the actual video feed came to life, the pleading was the result of the staff removing his clothes, taking a blade and freeing him of the thin, loose tunic that had been underneath all that armor. Given that he was bolted to the exam table, there was little he could do about it. Loki breathed heavily through this process, head turned to the side, eyes shut tightly, he wasn’t happy about it by any means, his sudden panting testament to this.
            When latex covered fingers moved to his pants, Tony was shocked to see Loki lose it, more than just pleading, his voice was unusually high pitched, “Anything but this please! I have nothing, nothing I can tell you!”
            And Tony couldn't describe the reasons for why his heart was thumping painfully or why he was devising a voice command that requested the staff currently disrobing Loki to vacate the room, but as soon as the room cleared Tony was bursting through the laboratory door.
            The voice Tony recognized arrived so quickly it gave him shivers, “Anthony!”
            “Lokes,” the nickname slipped out before he could catch it, “You know me? You recognize me? Cause about twelve hours ago man, you had no idea who I was.”
            “What-what happened? I don’t know,” Loki panted, his green eyes blown wide and drenched in what seemed to be genuine confusion.
            “You threw me out a fucking window, that’s what happened, you waged war on an entire city,” Tony added, his tone gruff and short.
            “I-I didn’t want to…I didn’t…” his eyes were darting around as if he were only now truly aware of his surroundings, “Tony please… they made me, I couldn’t refuse, I tried Tony, don’t let them hurt me please, I can’t, I can’t anymore I don’t think I can handle any of it anymore. Let them kill me, don’t let them take me anywhere, don’t let them send me back! Just kill me!”
            “Loki,” Tony began, but was stopped short when he noticed the scars across his chest. Tons of them, white hot and painful looking, more than he could count, angry and prominent, near screaming against the porcelain perfection of his skin.
            “Tony, please don’t let them touch me, please!” he fought his restraints, back arched from the cold table, sobs leaping forth like gunshots, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Loki Feels
Fluff and Angst
Comfort/Angst
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
FrostIron - Freeform
HurtLoki
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Romance
caring Tony
tortured loki
Frost Giant Loki
Tony Loves Loki
Recovering loki
Jötunn Loki
Poor Loki
Crying Loki
Thor is a good brother
Protective Thor
Protective Steve Rogers
Grade A Odin Parenting
Clint Barton Feels
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Intersex Loki
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Mpreg
natasha romanov - Freeform
Adopted Loki
Farbauti takes care of Loki
Panic Attacks
Depression
Postpartum Depression
Bottom Loki
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Loki
Top Tony Stark
Rimming
Mutual Masturbation
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Steve Rogers Feels
POV Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Stucky - Freeform
Iðunn
Apples of Idunn

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

