Work Text:





~1~

Erik Lehnsherr allowed himself a few moments to glance across the Thames. The embankment on the other side of the river was littered with docks, smokestacks, and all the other trappings of progress and industry, all of it grimy and covered in soot. Those were not the reasons the far bank drew Erik's eyes, however; his attention was fixed only on the route towards 4 Whitehall Place, the home of the Metropolitan Police and the current gaolers of one individual, known sometimes as a 'mutant' and sometimes as an 'adaptive,' depending on which over-educated men were debating the topic. The distinction mattered little to Erik; all he knew was that the broadsheets announced the mutant's captivity, guilty of nothing more than loitering about while covered in scales, and that the man had been declared mutant by Doctor Charles Xavier.The good doctor's expertise was unparalleled, at least according to the gossip Erik had uncovered before coming to London. He had continued to trace rumors since arriving, and it seemed there was nothing but gossip concerning the man, and it changed with the company. Gossip from society both high and low was not in the forefront of Erik's mind, now, only the mutant locked away in the halls of the Yard.Despite the hour and the darkness of the sky, there were still police that patrolled parts of Westminster and Waterloo bridges and Erik did not envy the idea of explaining why a man with knives strapped to him and a cloak thrown over his shoulders was heading towards the Yard. He would find himself in a cell within the hour, perhaps strapped to a table and identified as 'mutant' by Dr. Xavier before dawn.He had no intention of giving Dr. Xavier that satisfaction. Erik reached out with his mind, felt for the anchor that moored one of the steamers on Erik's side of the river, tugged it from the river bed, and then allowed the heavy linked chains to slowly unfurl beneath the bridge. After a deep breath to steel himself, Erik climbed atop the nearest link and rode the snaking metal across the river. The shadow of the bridge and night kept his progress hidden, and he was noticed neither by the police nor whatever other men came and went in the night. The strain of the work left him unable to concern himself with anything more than the steady progress of the anchor; the metal scraped against the embankment and Erik hopped off, scrambling for his balance for only a moment before taking the next few feet at a run.Although Great Scotland Yard still had some passersby, Whitehall Place itself was abandoned, and Erik pulled back his cloak’s hood to take stock of the options. Three floors up, an open window drew his attention and he hopped up on a discarded box. He focused his mind on the metal around him and the metal strapped to his person; the delicate balance between the two let him push and pull, levering himself up through the air before he slid in through the open window.It took a few minutes to pick his way through the halls undetected, relying on his powers to create distractions when he heard men coming. Eventually he found himself by the holding cells, wrapped a cloth around his mouth and nose and tugged his cloak back up around his head. He twisted the mechanism deep inside the door lock and shouldered it open."The Mystique!" Three constables stood just inside of the door, and Erik had only a moment of shock before the men fell on him, fists aimed for his belly.Surprise no longer an option, Erik went on the attack. His fingers curled into a fist and he launched his own response against his attackers, ruthless. Most of his attention was kept on metal at the men's wrists and on their clothes, but attempting to hold so many back was beyond him after his work with the anchor. He was able to keep them from using their truncheons for a time, but only a time; it left the men far more openings to beat him, and more than once he found himself staggered under the onslaught of fists and boots, and when his concentration broke they were able to add to their truncheons to the assault.He had not expected this. A vigilant watch on a cell containing only a single mutant was unusual to Erik; generally the police in Germany wanted the mutant dead, or cared little for guarding him. There was no time to reflect on that or the reason they had called him 'Mystique' as he fell, knees landing hard on the ground."What is the meaning of this?" Another man had entered, dressed more neatly than the men who had attacked him. The attackers snapped to attention.Erik could not take advantage of the distraction; instead he pressed his hand to his rib and glanced towards the newcomer. "Sir, we have apprehended the Mystique."The man laughed. "Have you, now?"Fast, so fast that Erik did not realize the exact moment it happened, the man shifted into a smooth, blue-scaled figure, androgynous and almost naked; in a flash he was on Erik's attackers.“It’s him!” One of the men shouted.The mutant took a constable's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Mystique

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Victorian
Alternate Universe - Historical
Revenge
Science
Implied Torture
Politics
Internalized Homophobia
Romance
Victorian Attitudes
Mutant Rights
Canonical Character Death

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Mystique

