Work Text:
Thor’s grip on his arm is resolute. Loki snarls into his muzzle only to be wrenched forward until he is stumbling, landing heavily against his side on the floor. He sucks in air through his nose and breathes it out, long trails of dust gusting around his face. He blinks away the grit, squints against the bright light that spills from the high windows, pouring through the glass.His shackles rattle against the floor like metal snakes slinking along and then he’s sliding across the stone, a sharp course sound as sandpaper is against a hide. He’s dropped with a thump onto a plush fur rug that sits at the foot of Thor’s bed.Loki’s eyes narrow dangerously and he sorely thinks of his magic, what he could do if he weren’t restrained and under watchful eyes. He would steal away the moment he could, leave Asgard.But that’s the thing about magic. It’s best effective if your audience isn’t paying close attention.Thor’s anger-filled eyes never once stray and he yanks on the chains, stretching Loki’s arms out until they are pulled straight.“You have acted so... callously, Brother,” Thor’s low voice is a whisper of his true fury; Loki knows this and yet still nearly rolls his eyes. Thor has no business being so upset. He’s won, hasn’t he? Thor got what he wanted. Midgard safe and sound, his brother trussed up in shackles, caged at home once more. The rage at being literally dragged back here starts to burn through his gut before Loki is knocked rudely from the sweet beginnings of insolence as his bound wrists are snatched up, hanging painfully from the chains that are suddenly wrapped around the giant silver head of Thor’s hammer. There’s a loud crack as Thor plants Mjölnir head first onto the rug. “An important part of Midgard has been desecrated, Loki! Lives have been lost. Yours too, almost.” Thor paces back and forth, a small bead of sweat rolling down the side of his nose. “Do you care nothing of what you’ve done? Of yourself?”Loki does not bother to give Thor the satisfaction of acknowledging this. Instead he ignores Thor, concentrating on evening out his breathing, calming his pulse. His blood is rushing from the pure unadulterated feeling of hate that pours down on him with Thor’s every word. How dare he presume to lecture Loki on waging battles on worlds which lie far from Asgard? On the glory of war? Hypocrite.There’s a screech and Thor is wrenching the drapes closed, their tiny metal hoop hangers scraping along the bar. Thor grips at the deep velvet curtains, his shoulders tense and hunched. Only a few trails of dull light sneak past the heavy fabric as he lets go. The sudden enclosure of the dying afternoon heat folds in on Loki, like being dropped into a dark pocket made of hot air. It shocks him, the feel of an Asgardian summer. He hadn’t realized he’d forgotten its scorch, the stifling thickness of it, pressing in on all sides. Fills his lungs.He’s been away for so long it seems all he’s known is the emptiness of cold.Thor drums his fingers against the window ledge until his hands clench into fists and knuckles turn white. It is in this moment of uncertainty when Thor paces, scowling, and rips off his cape in a haste. He storms back and kneels before Loki, places his large warm palms on either side of Loki’s face, fingers curling under sharp jaw where the muzzle is snapped closed. Loki’s fingers twitch from behind his back.“Brother, say now you feel regret and all will be forgiven.”Loki fumes from underneath his muzzle, but only for a moment. He’s been on the receiving end of Thor’s tempers too many times to count. He knows Thor’s anger well. It is like a tempest, powerful and consuming, but always blows over. This instance will be the same. Loki just needs to ride it out.He lets his head hang low, eyelids sweeping down. Thor makes a small sound of irritation or worry, his touch becoming more of a cradle. Loki looks up through his spiky black lashes to see that Thor’s eyes are glossy and imploring. The willfulness that spurs Thor on is nearly tangible in that gaze and Loki can scarcely feel the ghostly echo of unshed tears. But he cannot bring himself to care. Thor has such magnificent range in his anger, more a pity that it diffuses so easily. And there is a tug at this knowledge, a wriggling feeling of disgust, deep in Loki’s gut. How great his so-called brother would be if he embraced that unbridled fury. How strong Thor would be, if he didn’t let sentiment get the better of him. How strong Loki would be, if he were Thor. But he is not, and he vibrates with equal anger under Thor’s foolishly gentle hands. Loki wishes him to grow angry anew. He prefers it to this pity, this phantom pain of brotherly longing that Thor seeks to inject back into his heart.The muzzle clicks open.Oh, but Thor has never been able to resist his silver tongue. Loki barely restrains the smile that threatens to climb his lips.He takes a deep burning gasp and blinks rapidly as the metal drags away. His chin is supple and s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Mjolnir

freeform: 
Object Insertion
Handcuffs
Size Kink
Community: norsekink
Punishment
Plot What Plot
Dubious Consent
Pseudo-Incest
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Mjolnir

