Work Text:

'You're the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time' / 'The story of my life.'
--Darcy was going to change banks, goddamnit.  For two weeks she’d been playing phone tag with the call center about a totally bogus insufficient funds charge on her last statement.  Everyone she talked to “didn’t have access to that” or was “not authorized to remove that fee, Ms. Lewis,” and she was sick of it.  She worked for Agent Phil Coulson, paperwork ninja, and spent every Thursday night watching movies with Natasha Romanoff, an honest-to-god Soviet spy (okay, former Soviet spy), and Steve Rogers, the world’s first superhero; by god, she could intimidate some lowly bank teller into wiping a measly $50 overdraft fee off her account.So here she was, wasting her lunch hour standing in line at the Bank of America branch just a few blocks from SHIELD Central.  Apparently, she wasn’t the only New Yorker with the same idea; the line was long and moving slowly.  She checked her watch and groaned.  Her lunch break was almost half over, she needed at least fifteen minutes to walk back to the office, and she still hadn’t eaten.  Maybe she should call Agent Coulson, and see if she could be late--“Everyone on the ground, this is a robbery!”Like the rest of the patrons, Darcy hit the floor at the sound of gunfire.  Four men, dressed in black fatigues and ski masks, stood just inside the doors.  Two held automatic weapons pointed at the patrons, who were all scrambling toward the walls, while the other two jogged around the room, closing the blinds and disabling the cameras.  As soon as they’d finished that task, another pair of men entered, each carrying two bulky bags.  She’d spent enough time around military and former military in the past year to recognize the precision and economy of movement; these guys weren’t amateurs.Son of a motherfucking bitch.As soon as she got out of this, Darcy was definitely changing banks.---The thin fabric of her skirt suit did little to protect Darcy from the cold marble floor, where she sat huddled with the other bank customers.  Two of the robbers were guarding them, while a third went around with a bag, collecting cell phones.  He stopped in front of Darcy, and she begrudgingly gave up her iPhone.  It was mostly a useless gesture; the thing wasn’t getting service anyway.  Odd; it had been working fine when she walked in.  “Keys too,” he said.Darcy rolled her eyes.  “There’s nothing in my apartment worth stealing.”“You have mace.”She blinked, startled.  “How’d you know?”Though she couldn’t see his expression, she got the impression the bastard was leering at her.  “Pretty girls always carry mace in the city.”“Gross,” she muttered as she fished around in her purse for the aforementioned mace.  She dropped them into his bag with a huff of disapproval.  “Didn’t your mother teach you stealing was bad?”He didn’t answer her, just went on down the line, and Darcy’s hand closed reflexively on the prototype StarkPhone at the bottom of her bag.  Tony had given it to her just last week, and she’d hadn’t bothered to use it since.  She swallowed hard, trying to school her expression into a blank poker face.  She needed to think like Steve right now, figure out what she had going for her and going against her, and formulate a plan that was better than ‘sit here and be terrified.’  (Though, honestly, that plan had its perks.  Right now, she was totally rocking that plan.)  Because of her age and gender, the robbers probably had already categorized her as low threat, which could work to her advantage.  She had the StarkPhone, which probably had some crazy modifications no one outside of Tony Stark would even think of putting in a phone.  She didn’t have her taser or her mace, or any other weapon, for that matter, and she hadn’t eaten since breakfast.  Oh, and there were six paramilitary assholes with automatic weapons, and a bank full of hostages.  That was definitely a big check in the “con” column.  She took a deep, calming breath, and let go of the phone.  Sit here and be terrified it was.The same two robbers--Thing 1 and Thing 2, she dubbed them--herded the bank customers and the tellers to the corner farthest from the front doors.  Creeper Bill, the one who’d taken her phone and keys, had disappeared, along with the other three.  She found herself sitting by a woman in her early thirties, who was holding a crying ten-year-old girl.  She smiled wanly at her.  “I’m sure the cops are on their way,” she whispered, hoping Things 1 & 2 couldn’t hear.The woman nodded.  “I’m sure.  There’s a silent alarm system in almost every bank now.  Any teller can trigger it,” she whispered back, her English lightly accented.  She petted her daughter’s hair as the girl continued to sob.She snuck a look at their guards.  Only one was watching the prisoners; the other had stepped away and was talking on a radio.  “I’m Darcy,” she murmured.“Ana.  And this is Marisol.”  At the sound of her name, Marisol looked up.  Sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Hostage Situation
Community: avengerkink
Original Character of Color
Darcy is a bamf
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
steve loves it too
Post-Movie
Women Being Awesome
UST
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers UST
Darcy does Die Hard
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis

