Work Text:

Since moving into the mansion together, she'd just about managed to sleep with all of them. 

Tony was after a sparring session where she floored him with her thighs wrapped around his neck, then aggressively fight-fucked him, leaving him subdued for two entire days. He liked the way she used her strength against him and more often than not left him with bruises or walking a little funny the next day. He liked how she pushed him more than other people tended to, worrying about his heart or not wanting to piss off a billionaire.

Steve was gentle, too gentle really, too aware of his own strength and always afraid of hurting her, but Natasha took what she needed, riding him while he just took in the sight of her, a vision above him. He loved kissing her, was surprisingly good at it, and she would let him kiss her for hours afterwards until she got bored and took her leave of him. He was her favourite, the way he blushed, he was so shiny and refreshing and clean.

Thor was perhaps the least surprised at Natasha's propensity for fucking her teammates, used as he was to post battle relations with his fellow warriors. She reminded him somewhat of Sif and home. They fucked hard, Natasha letting Thor hold her as they fucked standing, against the wall, in the shower, tiny next to his broad expanse. Relishing his strength and how he used it. He liked how strong she was despite her small size, and thought it sweet how frustrated she would get when she couldn't get his whole (rather large) cock inside her.

Bruce was wary of hulking out whenever he was around anyone, let alone during sex, and didn't trust anyone but himself to make him actually come. But he loved giving head, was good at it too. Normally too impatient to be on the receiving end of oral sex, Natasha enjoyed Bruce's attentions, and he relished utterly undoing her with just his mouth.

She'd been having sex the longest with Clint, from after their very first mission together, and he knew her body almost as well as he knew his own. He knew all her secrets, told to him freely as his were to her. He loved watching her let go and become the sexual animal she truly was beneath her cool exterior. With him or whoever else, he never begrudged any of them, Nat wasn't his and he wasn't hers, they both wanted the other to have what they needed. 

She was so much in control all the time, she loved having people she truly trusted, that let her let go and lose her mind to orgasm after orgasm. 

_____________

After a session with Clint one lazy afternoon, tangled in sheets, dazed and sated, he leaned over on one elbow, ducked to kiss one pink nipple before looking up at her, "I have a surprise for you," he grinned. She immediately looked suspicious, narrowing her eyes. "You know I hate surprises, Clint." He grinned wider. "I know. But you'll like this one I promise." 

"Should I even ask?" 

"You'll find out soon enough." 

"You're a jackass." She said, pushing him off her and getting up, walking naked to the bathroom and tossing him a towel.

A little over a week later, there was a mission involving the subway and robotic tentacles, which was intense and adrenaline fueled yet in the end, fairly simple to resolve with no major casualties. By the time they got back to the mansion and had debriefed, Natasha was raring to go. She'd already signaled to Clint that they were going to fuck, hard, as soon as they got back, but when she got out of the shower wearing one of the fluffy white Stark Industries bathrobes Tony had provided them all with, Clint was nowhere to be seen. She went in search of the others but they were nowhere to be seen either. "Where is everyone?" She asked the room at large. "Ms Romanov, if I may, I've been instructed to direct you to the 69th floor" said JARVIS. 

"What? Why?" 

"I'm not at liberty to say." 

The 69th floor was 6 down from where she was, but it was unused office space as far as she knew. This felt off... She straightened her spine into a defensive stance, grabbing a throwing knife she'd been sharpening earlier from the table in the lounge as she approached the elevator. She got in and pressed the button for floor 69.

As the elevator doors opened she was greeted by the empty space she was expecting, a blank floor waiting for some purpose to be assigned to it. Plastic covered the windows she could see, stacks of drywall, paint buckets, ladders and rolls of blueprints strewn about the place, but not a sign of life. Parts of the floor had been walled off already, unpainted drywall separating the spaces, some with doors, others without. It could be apartments or offices, or further labs for Tony or Bruce. 

She glanced down and noticed chalk arrows on the floor leading to one of the empty doorways, with 'follow the arrows, C x' written next to the first one. She relaxed slightly, but kept the knife gripped firmly in her hand.

"What the fuck are you playing at Barton?" She thought to herself.

She followed the arrows through the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor
OT6 - Relationship
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Thor/Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Gangbang
everyone bones
Floor 69
Sex
with everyone
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Rimming
Oral Sex
Super Secret Boyband
Orgy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor
OT6 - Relationship
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Thor/Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers

