Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Bucky stands with his back turned to the two ovens, staring at the three bottles of food colouring on his counter. He’s narrowed it down to three choices of red, blue, or yellow – or maybe orange? It’s a cold rainy Wednesday in October, with Halloween themed everything all around him, but he’s already made white chocolate ginger biscuits today and pumpkin pie is always on the display all throughout fall and winter. He puts the yellow back in the drawer and mixes the red and blue into the cupcake frosting bowl, and stirs it gently until the white cream turns lilac. Bucky smiles to himself; at least now when Angie figures out that he’s been at the bakery since 4AM, he can distract her with the cupcakes instead of trying to come up with excuses again.The oven timers ring one after the other and Bucky sets the frosting aside, grabs the oven mitts from the counter and goes to retrieve two pans of apple pies (an all-time best-seller) and one of pecan brownies. He sets them on the cooling racks and goes back to the cupcakes, but there’s another ring, indicating that someone has walked in through the front door of the bakery. Bucky straightens up from where he was bending to spoon the frosting onto the cupcakes. The clock on the wall tells him it’s almost 5AM, and he doesn’t usually have customers at this time of the day.Balloon whisk still in his hand, Bucky wanders to the front of the shop, where he finds a blond man looking at the display.“Um-” The man takes a step back. “Are you open? ‘Cause I saw the light was on and-”“Yeah, I guess we are open.” Bucky interrupts him because he suspects that at the rate his whole face is turning red, the man might just spontaneously combust. “Just don’t usually have customers at this hour,”“Oh, right,” The blond gives a small smile, the corner of his mouth quirking up slightly.Bucky just about loses it. The man is small, much shorter than him and the kind of skinny that Bucky had outgrown during puberty, with blonde hair swept to the side and bright blue eyes that light up when he smiles; but, god, that smile -“Hang on.” Bucky spins and walks back into the kitchen, where he leaves his whisk and unwraps his apron from around his waist. Then for good measure, he unties his hair and pulls it back into a neater ponytail, even though it’s just barely long enough to be tied back. There’s no mirrors around and he’s not gonna keep the man waiting by going to the bathroom, so he pats his face and really, really hopes there’s no flour, or chocolate, or – god  – purple frosting anywhere on his face, as he walks back into the front of the shop.The man smiles again when he sees him, and Bucky’s breath catches in his throat, but he smiles back.“So, what can I do you for?”The man turns to look at the displays in the corner as a way of hiding his blush, but Bucky notices anyway. “What would you recommend?” he asks, turning to look at Bucky again.“Well, you’re awake at 5 in the morning so coffee, maybe?” Bucky gives him his most charming smile. “I’m Bucky, by the way,” he says as he extends his hand. “Nice to meet a fellow early riser,”“Steve,” The man – Steve – says after a small laugh. “More like an insomniac, though. Can I get a black coffee and a slice of apple pie?”“Sure thing,” Bucky can’t help but smile as he turns around and starts the coffee machine. He goes to retrieve the pie from the display and stops. “You know what, there’s freshly made pie in the back. I’ll go get them.”“Oh no, that’s okay-”“They’re warm from the oven!” Bucky calls out as he disappears into the back of the shop. The pies have started cooling down, and are just the perfect serving temperature. He smiles as he cuts one of them into ten equal slices, puts two on a plate next to a fork, and brings them to Steve. “Here you go,”Steve looks at the plate and then at Bucky again. “I asked for one slice?” he says, with a slight question in his tone, as if he’s not actually sure.“Well, you’re gonna want a second one anyway.” Bucky winks at him and turns to pour the coffee into a mug.“That’s a bit presumptuous,” Steve’s tone doesn’t sound offended, but when Bucky looks at him he notices a slight frown creasing his forehead. Bucky’s smile is amused.“I’m just proud of my creations.” He grabs the coffee cup and turns to serve it… and almost drops it.Steve makes the most obscene moan at his first bite, his eyes grown wide. All Bucky can do is stand frozen in his spot, staring at Steve; he thinks maybe he should start praying right about now otherwise the Devil himself will be greeting him at Hell’s gates when he dies. Which, incidentally, could also be happening right now.“This is so good,” Steve takes another bite and hums in approval.Bucky swallows hard, pushes away the utterly ridiculous, and very shameful thoughts that sprang into his mind through no fault of his own. “Told ya,”“I’m having a Ratatouille moment,” Steve sets his plate by the counter next to the coffee he’s just been served and gets
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Alternate Universe - Bakery
Baking
First Meetings
First Kiss
POV Bucky Barnes
POV Third Person
Fluff
Humor
Flirting
Pining
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Lust at First Sight
Love at First Sight
Falling In Love
No Smut
Meet-Cute
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

