Work Text:
After the second surgery in New York, Charles doesn’t anticipate anyone keeping vigil by his bedside.  He’s instructed Alex and Sean to stay with Hank in Westchester.  Erik and Raven are likely halfway around the world, and even if they had been nearby, he doesn’t expect either of them to come and hold his hand.The only person he expects less is the one actually there, folded into the hard chair like he’s completely comfortable, all of his attention on a pad of graphing paper propped up against his knee as he sketches something with precise strokes of a pen.“Tony?” Charles croaks.Tony Stark’s eyes flick over, and he smiles at Charles, and oh — it’s the same smile, like they’re still ten and going to sneak off from one of their parents’ parties to do something phenomenally stupid that will probably result in property damage.  “Hey there,” Tony says softly.  “You don’t call, you don’t write—”“Lies,” Charles says, and coughs weakly when his dry throat protests.  “I sent you a Christmas card.”Tony considerately takes the cup of water from the side table, and carefully adjusts the straw and holds the cup at the perfect angle to allow Charles to take an awkward pull of water without spilling it all over the bed.  “Postmarked from Westchester.  I figured it was a sign of the apocalypse.”“One you didn’t start?”“Hence my confusion,” Tony says, lips quirking into a smile before it fades from his face.  “Charles, you know, right?  You know you could have—”“Oh, Tony,” Charles sighs.  He reaches out mentally to find out why Tony is here, but he’s fogged from morphine and doesn’t want to hurt Tony by accident.  He does, however, discover someone else waiting outside the door to his room, and he can’t help but tense.  He feels so vulnerable right now, lying on his stomach without the use of his legs.Some part of him is afraid that he will feel this vulnerable, always.“Why are you here?” Charles asks after a moment.Tony’s poker face has improved over the years, because none of the discomfort he’s radiating shows on his face.  “Can’t a guy visit an old friend who’s laid up in the hospital?”“Of course,” Charles says, and grips Tony’s hand where it it rests on the bed, and Tony squeezes his fingers back desperately, and this too is painfully familiar; Tony is a well of loneliness who’s never quite known how to show he cares.  “But I imagine you put Miss Potts to some trouble to find me.”The discomfort is back, and this time, it’s written all over Tony in the tightened corners of his mouth, in the furrow of his brow, in the confusing mix of shame and relief and concern that ebbs into the corners of Charles’ mind.  “Yeah.  Yeah, I did.”  His eyes dart toward the door, and then he leans down to put his lips to Charles’ ear, and he whispers, “Are you in trouble?”Charles tenses again, and even with the morphine, that’s painful.  But more painful still is the realization that even though he stole Moira’s memories after she had laid waste to their records at the CIA, even though he secreted the boys back at the mansion in Westchester, he is still worried that it won’t be enough.  That he won’t be enough.The tears that leak from the corner of his eyes are the least of his lapses in dignity since Cuba.  He’s tired and he’s afraid and he’s not sure he can do this alone.  He chokes out, “Yes.”“Okay,” Tony breathes.  “Okay.  I’m going to — I’m going to handle this, okay?  Don’t you worry about a thing.”  He sounds like he’s convincing himself, but Charles has always known that Tony’s greatest strength is telling himself something can be done, and then finding a way to do it.Tony goes to the door and has a hushed conversation with whoever is waiting just outside. It starts out hushed, at any rate, although it rapidly escalates to, “Oh, for Christ’s sake, Rogers.”And that’s when a tall man with broad shoulders comes in and puts a vase of flowers on Charles’ bedside, daffodils and tulips that herald the spring beckoning from the hospital window.  “Dr. Xavier,” the man says, quiet and respectful.“They’re lovely, thank you,” Charles says, sheer force of habit taking over.The man takes a seat, and there’s something rather familiar about him; something about his jawline, maybe.  If Raven were here, she’d make a crack about Charles working his way through the rowing team at Columbia and not being able to tell them apart afterward, which is mostly untrue.  People’s minds are unique, and Charles never forgets.“I want to express my thanks for what you’ve done,” the man — Rogers, apparently, if Tony’s shrieking was directed at him.“For what I’ve done?” Charles asks, confused.Tony stands next to Rogers, slumped against the window and looking aggravated.  “He means the thing in Cuba, Charles.”Charles grips the starched cotton of the bedsheet under his fingers.  “Tony,” he says, and he can’t keep the note of fear out of his voice.“It’s okay,” Tony says, giving Roger a brief but poignant glare before turning a softer and strangely pleading loo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

