Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony could pinpoint the exact moment things started to fall apart.  It had been July 2nd, two days before Steve’s birthday, and three months since James Barnes had moved into the tower.  It was when Bucky’s nightmares had started, after months of what seemed like peaceful, dreamless sleep, he had relaxed enough to allow his mind to reveal the horrors of his experiences.  It was also the night Steve had stopped sleeping in their bed.  It was fine at the time, Steve still kissed him goodnight, still made him coffee in the morning, he just didn’t sleep in their bed.  Tony understood.  It was always easier to get through nightmares when someone you knew and loved was there to hold you through them.  It wasn’t a problem back then.  If Steve started spending fewer hours in Tony’s workshop, started cancelling more dates than usual, and calling him less and less, than that was just what went along with helping a friend.  Tony could live with it for a few weeks. It had become an inconvenience when Steve’s birthday came and went and Tony only got to see him for a few hours, as he had been too busy with Bucky and helping him through the loud booms of the fireworks to do much of anything else.  Tony didn’t get the chance to give him his present. It had become an annoyance after a month had passed and Steve still hadn’t come back.  When Tony’s nightmares and begun to bombard him in the night and he was too exhausted, too terrified, to get up and find the comfort that had left him.  Steve didn’t notice, not the deep purple circles under his eyes or the shakiness of his hands.  He would just give Tony a light peck on the lips and his morning cup of coffee and then leave to start his day. Tony was willing to admit that it had become a problem when Steve had missed their anniversary.  He had called later in the evening to apologize.  He had a good excuse, Bucky was having a good day.  He was relaxed and remembering more about who he used to be.  Tony couldn’t fault him for wanting to be there and be a part of it.  He didn’t get a chance to give Steve his present, nor did he see him to get his goodnight kiss. It was quickly approaching two months since their relationship had apparently been put on hold so Steve could spend his time helping Bucky, two months since Tony has had a peaceful night of sleep, two months since he had been able to hold Steve close and felt like he belonged to someone, and two whole months since Tony has felt like his relationship was loving and secure, now it felt broken and bursting apart at the seams. Tony didn’t realize how little he had mattered, how unimportant he had become, until their most recent mission.  Usually, Steve would come straight down to the workshop after the debriefing that Tony would always skip so they could make sure they were both okay.  Steve would gently kiss the few bruises that managed to get past the protection of the armor and Tony would gently stroke the already healing scrapes and cuts that Steve had collected.  That didn’t happen.  Steve had either forgotten or didn’t think it important anymore. The fact that Tony had taken a hit, had been thrown through a building, and was now dealing with his bruised ribs alone, probably didn’t even cross anyone’s mind.  No one came to check on him, Steve didn’t show up after debrief, and Tony had curled up on his couch in the corner of his workshop with an icepack pressed against his side and waited there.  If his side throbbed a bit too much, if he curled up on the couch and fell asleep, and if he woke up a shivering mess because he dreamed of a too hot desert and the too cold void of space then it was fine.  It was only for a few weeks.  He would be okay.  ~~~  “Are you okay, Tony?”  Rhodey asked, frowning as Tony sat down at the table and sipped at his coffee. Tony shrugged, humming into his cup of coffee.  “Fine.  Never been better.”  He said flatly. Rhodey nodded slowly as he took a step closer.  It had been three days since Tony had last spoken to Steve.  It was such a little thing, an unimportant thing compared to how important Steve’s time was and how he was helping Bucky so much.  He was just being selfish, Tony could get over himself for a few more weeks.  He’ll be fine. “You sure?  You’re not looking too good.”  Rhodey said.  He reached out and laid a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder.  He had to stop himself from flinching away and smacking that hand off of him.  “When was the last time you got any sleep?” That was probably it.  Tony wasn’t sleeping well, he was jumpy.  “Last night.”  He said automatically.  It was the truth, but he left out the part where he had slept for two hours before waking up and spending the next six trembling in his bed.  Alone. The conversation had ended.  Tony didn’t say anything more, Rhodey didn’t ask any other questions.  It was awkward though, usually every silence around Tony was filled with either pointless conversation or loud music.  The quiet made his thought
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Protective Rhodey
Kidnapping
Aftermath of Torture
Untreated Injuries
No Arc Reactor
Trust Issues
Relationship Issues
Loss of Trust
Steve Has Issues
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Hypothermia

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

