Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“This has to stop, Stark.”
“Hello, Capsicle,” Tony said, not looking up from the delicate circuit board he was soldering with Dummy’s ‘help’.  “How are you?  I’m fine, thanks for asking.  Please, come in, pull up a chair, I’ve got time to talk, not like I’m doing anything important or anything, I swear to God, Dummy, you are useless.  Community college is too good for you, I’m donating you to a preschool.”
“I’m being serious here,” Cap said sternly.
“And I’m being sarcastic,” Tony responded.  “What needs to stop this time?”
“This,” Cap said, dropping a gossip magazine onto the work bench at Tony’s elbow.
Tony glanced at it and went back to work.  “That’s not very American of you,” he said. ”I’d be the first to agree they’re pretty awful publications, but I’m pretty sure even they’re covered under freedom of the press.”
Cap puffed himself up and crossed his arms, adopting a look of severe disapproval.  “I’m not in the mood for your games today.  I’m not going to tell you what you can and can’t do in your private life, but your reputation affects the team’s reputation.”
Tony blinked, taking another look at the magazine, actually paying attention to it this time.  Sure enough, there he was, photographed leaning close to a woman he had absolutely no recollection of.  The garish red text across the cover read STARK’S SECRET LOVE CHILD!  MOTHER REVEALS ALL!
“I’d love to help you out, Cap, but I had nothing to do with this,” he said at last.  “I mean, I guess I could sue for libel, but if I sued over this story, I’d have to sue over every other story, and frankly I just don’t have enough lawyers to handle that kind of caseload.”
Rogers just kind of stared at him blankly for a minute before he found his voice again.  “What?”
“It’s a lie,” Tony said.  “Happens when they run out of alien abductions to report.”
“They just… made it up?”
“Basically, yeah.  Judging by the outfit, I’d guess the girl’s someone working at one of the six or seven dozen functions I’ve attended in the past year.  Good thing you can’t really see her face- I doubt she even knows she’s supposedly having my kid.”
Rogers looked scandalized.  Tony hadn’t seen that look on someone’s face for years.
“Welcome to modern media, Cap,” he said sympathetically.  “Luckily you’re such a shining beacon of goodness that the worst they’ll do is claim you were rude to a barista once.”
Rogers collapsed onto the couch, which groaned audibly in protest.  “Are any of the stories about you true?” he demanded, a bit plaintively.
“Some, yeah,” Tony said, turning back to his work.  “I mean, I did tend to have a habit of partying a bit too hard, and I still sometimes blow shit up, but basically if it’s about me and sex, it’s a big fat lie.  I don’t cheat.”
“I thought you said you and Pe- Miss Potts weren’t seeing each other.”
“We aren’t,” Tony said, making a mental note to check whether Capsicle was putting the old-school moves on Pepper.  That’d actually be kind of cute, if he was.  “Was already in a relationship when I met her, and again: not the cheatin’ kind.  Rhodey deserves better than that.”
“Rho- Colonel Rhodes?  You’re in a relationship with Colonel Rhodes?”
Tony glanced back up.  Poor Cap’s face was worth the interruption to his work- he was actually slack-jawed with amazement.
“He was my boyfriend long before he was a Colonel,” he felt compelled to point out.  “But yeah.  We hooked up- well, technically at MIT, but he was pretty firm about the whole waiting until I was eighteen to go official with it.  He’s cute that way.”
Rogers sort of deflated into the sofa cushions, looking dazed and lost.
“J, is there anybody around who can collect the good Captain before Dummy decides to try and move him?”
“Agent Romanov is currently in the gym.  Shall I call her down for you?”
“Yes, please.  Also make a note, I think Cap is crushing on Pepper, we need to set up an alert system to test that hypothesis.”
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis said.  “Shall I inform Miss Potts you’re meddling in her personal life again?”
“Nah,” Tony said, turning back to his work.  “Let’s wait until we’ve got some solid evidence for her.”
“Indeed.”
The next few minutes were relatively peaceful, other than Tony repeatedly having to warn the bots to leave Rogers alone, and he actually managed to do a bit of work before Jarvis announced Agent N.R. (he’d seen her list of covers, all of them had those initials, it was safer than assuming he knew which name she was using today) and opened the door to let her in.
“JARVIS said you needed me?”
“Yeah, I think I broke Captain America,” Tony confessed, jerking his thumb toward the couch.  “Apparently he was the only person in the country who didn’t know Rhodey and me are an item.”
“You and Rhodes are what?”
Tony sighed, silently wondering why he’d ever wanted to have teammates.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Press and Tabloids
Clint Is a Good Bro
Team as Family

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

