Work Text:
“I’m just so worried about him,” Pepper said, her voice wavering. “I’ve never seen him so distracted, I- I don’t think he can handle this alone anymore.” Bruce clasped her hand reassuringly.“You did the right thing by telling us,” He said.“We should inform the rest of the team.” Steve said, standing from his seat.“Oh,” Pepper’s eyebrows furrowed. “I don’t think Tony would want everybody to know about this.”“All of the Avengers care about Tony deeply, Ms. Potts,” Steve said gently. “I think it would really help him if he saw that we were all there to support him.”Pepper sniffed, and then nodded slowly.“Call Coulson while you’re at it,” Bruce called after as Steve left the room. “He watches Celebrity Rehab, right?”  
one
“Whoa.” Tony walked into the living room to find all of the Avengers, plus Pepper and Coulson staring at him. They were all sitting on the couches, sharing paper plates of cookies. Tony’s eyes skittered from one face to another, a sense of dawning doom settling upon him as they returned identical grim expressions. “Shit. This is either the lamest belated birthday party ever, or an-““Intervention!” Clint sang, throwing a handful of shredded napkin in Tony’s face. Coulson glared at him until he wilted back into his seat, muttering, “You should have let me have the banner.”“Tony.” Coulson cleared his throat as he opened a small notebook and began to read from the first page, his voice dry and awkwardly monotone. “We, your friends and colleagues, have gathered here today because your health and well-being is very important to us.”“Seriously?” Tony threw up his hands, backing away from the room. Steve stood up and firmly escorted him to an ottoman which was surrounded by all of the couches, pushing him down into a sitting position and then standing guard over it.“Today we would like,” Coulson flipped the page, “To engage you in a discussion about your risk-taking behavior of choice and how it has affected our relationships with you. We hope that we will be the reasons that motivate you to seek the help you need.”“Guys, I know, this is really flattering. No one’s ever cared enough to stage an intervention before. But seriously-““My name is Phil Coulson and I will be moderating this intervention today.”“I know who you are, Coulson.”“My qualifications,” Coulson continued, undeterred, “Include five years acting as the handler of Agents Barton and Romanov as well as three years babysitting the Avengers. As a moderator, I will be an impartial guide along your journey to recovery.”Everyone gave Coulson polite golf claps as he took his seat and Pepper stood from hers, straightening her skirt. She unfolded a piece of printer paper.“Aw, Pep,” Tony begged, “This is about the drinking, isn’t it? I’ve cut back, I swear. Three a day, which is very normal nowadays. Okay, more for special occasions, but com’on, you can’t expect to drag me to a fundraiser and not drown my boredom in champagne. Also after saving the world, because I fucking deserve it. And on Tuesdays. Because they suck. But that’s all-” Steve clapped a hand over Tony’s mouth, earning a baleful glare and a mumble mumble that might have been a threat to lick.“Tony Stark,” Pepper looked down at her paper, reading with a determined voice. Everyone in the room leaned forward to hear her speak. “I have known you for seven years, and loved you first as a friend and then a partner, and then thankfully a friend again. I have seen you proud, humble, brilliant and in pain, and never have I made a request as important as the one I’m making now. ” She looked up to meet Tony’s eyes, which were bewildered and hurt. “Tony, please stop having sex with robots.”“Ah!” Steve yelped, pulling his hand away. “He bit me!”“What!” Tony exclaimed.Natasha cut in matter-of-factly, “One, you lock yourself for hours, sometimes days in your workshop, returning with scratches, burns and bruises in suspicious locations. Two, both Steve and Clint have admitted to hearing you groaning and calling out pet names when there is no one else in the room. And three, you’ve been having trouble sitting down for days.”“It’s okay, Tony.” Pepper put a hand on his wrist. “You don’t have to hide anymore.”“You guys …” Tony looked around frantically, “You think …” To everyone’s surprise; Tony slapped his hands over his face and began sobbing, his entire body shaking. Steve was the first to react, sinking down to put his arm reassuringly across Tony’s quivering shoulders.“Tony,” Coulson said, “This is good. This is what we’re all here for.”One by one, the Avengers read their intervention letters.Steve started carefully, “I don’t know very much about this sexual fetish because, well, we didn’t talk about this kind of thing in the forties. Also there were no robots. But I hope you don’t feel that this meeting is attacking you for your sexual preferences, because the SHIELD sexual harassment seminar I went to said that that’s a bad thing to do. So I’ll just say that we all wish that you are sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crack
Humor
Intervention

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

