Work Text:
Clint's birthday was coming up, and as a joke, Matt wanted to get him one of the toy Hawkeye bows they sold in toy stores. Steve had offered to accompany him, as he was looking for more lego, since he'd fallen in love with it. He had half of Brooklyn set up in one of his rooms, and from what Matt could tell, it was accurate. (He didn't know Brooklyn as well as he did Hell's Kitchen, but he knew it enough.) So they went to a toy store, and Steve offered to help him find it, but Matt told him to go get his lego. He would be fine on his own.He wasn't being entirely truthful, because stores were at least the second circle of hell for him, with flat signs and labels that he couldn't read. Matt waited for one of the many employees to ask him if he needed help, but none did. It was a fine line between forcing help when it wasn't needed, and offering it when it was. Or ignoring him when he needed it. Finally, he snagged an employee passing by.“Excuse me, can you tell me where your Avengers merchandise is located?” he asked.The employee, a young woman, told him. “Oh, they're just over here.”She was pointing; Matt could tell. He waited.“Could you take me there please?” he asked after a moment, when it became clear she wasn't going to clue in.“Oh, um...”“I've got this,” Steve said smoothly, nudging his elbow up against Matt's arm.Her heartbeat skipped, probably realizing Captain fucking America was standing right in front of her. And since Matt was asking about Avengers merchandise, who better to take him there than Captain America himself? Steve led him to the Avengers merchandise, and Steve pointed out the package that was the nerf bow and arrow. Matt could feel the shape, once he knew it, but he'd never have been able to pick it out off a shelf on his own. “Thanks,” he told Steve.“No problem. You need wrapping paper?”“Nah, I've got some left over from Christmas. It'll be perfect.”Steve laughed. Clint loved the present, and loved the wrapping paper even more. Matt was told it had candy canes on it. 
 Clint and Matt were out to eat, because Clint claimed it was the best pizza place in all of New York. Matt was skeptical, so Clint decided he needed to prove it.
As they sat down, Matt had to admit it smelled great. “Hello. I'm going to be your server today.”She set menus down in front of them both.Matt's cane was folded up and tucked beside him on the bench, and sunglasses weren't unusual to be seen indoors, so he gave her the benefit of the doubt.“Can I get a braille menu please?”She startled. “Oh, of course. I'll be right back.” Matt smiled at Clint. “That's better than most of them take it.” She returned and set the menu down in front of Matt. “I'm sorry, it's a bit outdated,” she said loudly. “If you have any questions about specials, I'd be happy to help you out.”Clearly she was of the opinion that being blind also made you deaf.Matt frowned. “There's no need to speak loudly to me, I can hear you just fine.”“Talk louder to me though,” Clint chimed in. “I'm partially deaf.”“I'm sorry,” she stammered. “I'll be back in a minute to take your drink orders.” When she was a safe distance away, Matt grinned at Clint. “That was the first time I got to use that excuse.”Clint shrugged. “I'm full of surprises.” The pizza was very good, although Matt wouldn't say it was the best in all of New York. 
 “So, is he like... your babysitter?”“What?” Steve growled. “I'm sorry, I may have misheard you. Did you seriously just ask if I was responsible for the care of this man, who is an accomplished lawyer, and is in fact showing me around this neighbourhood? Choose your answer carefully now.”“Oh god... no. I'm so sorry.”Matt decided that was enough of the conversation. He took Steve's elbow and turned him back to the street. When they were out of earshot of the stupid young man, Matt spoke to Steve. He could practically hear him gearing up for a fight, and Matt was reminded of just how many back alley brawls Steve instigated back in Brooklyn.“Steve, no, you can't beat him up in an alley. He apologized.”“He said a stupid and insensitive thing,” Steve growled.Matt was practically dragging Steve away at this point. He could only imagine what it was like when he weighed 90 pounds soaking wet. He imagined it was a lot like a very angry chihuahua being dragged away from a fight, yipping the whole way.Steve was letting him though, because Matt knew he wouldn't be able to do it if Steve was actually fighting him.“Let it go,” Matt sighed.Steve actually growled. Dog indeed.“Do they not know that I grew up with multiple disabilities? Do they really think that I'd just forget about what I went through because I slept for seventy years?”Matt shrugged. “They probably look at you now and see a perfect specimen. So I've been told. Foggy,” he explained.Steve laughed. “I'm far from perfect. The serum cured a lot of things, but it didn't fix everything.”“What didn't it fix? If you don't mind me asking.”Steve leaned closer. “You promise you won'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Ableism
Blind Character
Disability
Matt/Foggy if you squint really hard
people are generally dicks

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

