Work Text:
Desperation is a strange bedfellow, one that Clint can't say he's too enamoured with. It doesn't ask him for his opinion, though, just takes over and makes him shake apart, makes him startle awake over and over again even though everything around him is still. So many times he has caught himself reaching for his phone, only to remember that there'll be no one on the other end, that he's been left behind yet again. Stark's kind and too-knowing, and Clint appreciates the offer, he really does, but living in the construction zone that is the Tower right now? Not something he ought to subject the poor workers to. Natasha is gone, slipped out of SHIELD on a wisp of wind, a weathervane to Fury's whims. He has no way to reach her, and isn't sure he should try just yet. She went through a lot, did Tasha, the past month; undercover, no decompression before The Other Guy almost shook her off the merry-go-round, and then having to cope with the aftermath of the attack, of Clint coming back to himself and finding out--It's not just SHIELD that lost something that day.Ridiculous notion, because it wasn't Clint's to lose. It never had been. Looks and small quirking of lips and shared lunches mean nothing in the grand scheme of things; Clint should think himself lucky that he doesn't know what it's like to feel Coulson's hand on his arm, on his skin, that he doesn't know what Coulson looks like just as he yawns awake in the morning. Despite the countless missions he and Coulson and Natasha worked together, Coulson remained a mystery, apart.Those small, secret glimpses behind his mask when he took the gun Clint held out to him, butt-first, or when he came back from the restroom to find a steaming cup of coffee in front of his seat, Clint studiously perusing the day-old paper? Those don't count. They don't. Their job wouldn't let them mean a single thing that isn't the forging of a good team.(They could have. Clint could have let himself notice the way Coulson wordlessly placed his buttered ciabatta on the edge of Clint's plate, or the way the olives Clint hates mysteriously disappeared when he wasn't looking. He could have said something that one time when he'd slunk back to their safehouse after a hit, soaked to the bone, to be met with a roaring fire in the grate, a stack of clean, warm clothes on the stool near the hearth, a neatly folded towel on top of them, the heat of the flames trapped inside when he lifted it to his face.He could have. But the moments slipped through his fingers like the sand in an hourglass, and they're gone now. He's gone.)Still.Clint can deny it all he wants, but the fact remains that he can't sleep, not in his quarters on the helicarrier, not in the small, cluttered apartment he and Natasha keep on retainer, off any and all kinds of books, just in case. Not even the lingering traces of Nat's scent can soothe him now, not when his insides vibrate like the string of his bow, pulled as tight as it'll go.He has to do something, because he is becoming a liability, and if they should send him out now, his altered state could mean the difference between his team coming back in one piece or not at all.Desperate times call for desperate measures.He's not supposed to know about this place. It's been three weeks since--The Battle of Manhattan, and the place hasn't been touched in the meantime. Clint wonders if Coulson's next of kin are just slow to react, locked in denial as helplessly as he feels, or if there are no next of kin. Either way, the place is dark, empty, the air stale from lack of movement.Clint's brain doesn't seem to care. It marches his slowing body down the hall, to a sofa that looks like it shouldn't hold him when he's sprawled-out full-length but miraculously does, hidden depths, just like its--late owner.Clint wants to scream when that thought registers. Luckily, for once his mind decides that mercy's on the cards, and he passes out before he can even turn his head further into the pillow.---This event marks a definite change in his off-duty habits. Whenever he can get away with it, whenever he feels the pressure building and building until it's ready to snap, he disappears from the slowly recovering helicarrier, takes to the rooftops, slips soundlessly over tiles and fire escapes, twists his body through the cracks until he reaches his target, soundlessly opens the lock and drops inside on cat-like feet. No matter how often he tells himself to expect to find the place empty when he gets there, it remains untouched, and Clint is starting to suspect that there's no one coming, no one left to care about the belongings of a dead man slowly gathering dust.No one but Clint. Three weeks after the first time he wakes up in Coulson's old place, Clint tracks down a certain phone number, calls it and negotiates the taking over of the apartment. No, he assures the landlady, there will be no need to hire a service to take the previous tennant's things into storage. They have an arrangem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
hints of Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov bffs

freeform: 
Plants
Angst
Grief/Mourning
Non-Graphic Violence
Pining
hints of past child abuse
hints of self-harm
Alcohol
Clint Has Issues
Fix-It
#coulsonlives
dealing with perceived death
Insomnia
Happy Ending
never too late
reference to brainwashing
reference to thought control
Clint and Natasha have kind of been through a lot
home is what you make it
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
hints of Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov bffs

