Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The thing of it was... Bruce wasn't wrong. They weren't a timebomb --  yet -- but they absolutely were not ready to be a team. At least not  when the sky wasn't full of attacking aliens.It was a slow  realization for all of them. Flush from the success against Loki's army,  bolstered by Fury's defense of them against the WSC, they thought that  would be enough. They'd made war together, grieved together, lost and  won together, surely that would bond them in lasting ways. But it  didn't, or at least not in ways that allowed for daily civil  interaction. The fact of it was that while they could fight together  well, they couldn't really live or train together well. Or at all. So  after a few weeks of trying to deny the obvious, they stopped.Clint  and Natasha returned to doing whatever it was that they did when they  weren't fighting aliens, which everyone mentally translated into  "killing people," but nobody said as much aloud. Not even Tony, although  that might've been because he was largely not talking to anyone not  Pepper and that was only because she had the override codes to the lab  in which he'd barricaded himself.Bruce lasted three weeks  before he quietly told Maria Hill that he could use a ride someplace  remote. One-way, please. This actually did get Tony to talk because  apparently he and Bruce had been collaborating on a few things -- they  had stopped using any more precise language after the first three days  of blank looks and uninformed questions that provoked heartfelt sighs of  despair in them both -- and the loss of "the only other person around  here who doesn't need the Idiot's Guide to Really Basic Science to only  miss 85% of what I'm talking about" was unacceptable.(Steve had  a really good deadpan and a great poker face; his ability to make Tony  crazy with anachronistic questions had been a reliable balm during the  team's early tensions. It was probably the only upside to the legacy of  Captain America as a business-first-and-only hero, something that Steve  really didn't like or understand how it had come to be -- hadn't anyone  watched the USO footage? But Tony, who really had no excuse, kept  falling for the doe-eyed earnestness. Bruce wised up after the first  week.)Tony wanted to set Bruce up in Stark Tower ("the part  that's got electricity, no gaping holes, and doesn't smell like burned  plastic") with his own lab, he could handpick his staff, would never  have to talk to anyone but Tony or Pepper or Jarvis if he didn't want  to, a budget bigger than the GNP of most of the EU, first crack at all  of the new Stark toys..."He wants you to be his science gigolo," was how Clint put it during one of his returns 'home.' "Tony Stark, sugardaddy.""I never pay for it," was how Tony replied."Unless  Pepper's running your company for free, you kind of do," was Clint's  last word on the subject, since he immediately afterward fled from the  room without looking at all like that was exactly what he was doing  because Tony was wearing one of his Iron Man gauntlets, although he  didn't seem to realize it.But in the end, Bruce was unmoved --  and moving out. It wasn't the money or the toys or even the people per  se, although he'd admitted that the intrateam squabbling was not  helping. It wasn't anything about what he didn't have -- it was what he did have.  "I have everything -- or close enough to it -- that I am  starting to get annoyed by little things. Stupid things. My coffee isn't  strong enough. The elevators are slow. I want this test run now but the  techs have fifty other people making the same demands. These aren't  things worth risking the Other Guy's arrival for. Piling more everything  on top of the everything I already have isn't going to make it go  away."So, instead, he did. With various means of keeping in  contact and some Stark toys (because Tony really was serious about not  losing his favorite playmate) and the promise to return when needed.Which left Steve alone. And so Steve left, too.Not  far, mind. To a SHIELD-provided loft in Brooklyn, one that was wired  six ways to Sunday to keep tabs on him. (He'd allowed Tony to do a  search for surveillance, but told him to only neutralize the invasive  ones. He didn't ask what Tony had found, nor did Tony tell him anything  beyond "don't do anything in the kitchen you wouldn't want on youtube.")But it turns out that Steve wouldn't have a chance to spend too much  time worrying that his culinary adventures were being watched by Fury  and Hill and the others. (There was a farmer's market twice a week two  blocks over; Steve came home from his run on Tuesdays and Saturdays with  a backpack full of items he could only partially identify and had to  Google to figure out how to prepare.) At least not if the Army had its  way.Ever since the battle in New York, the Pentagon started  pushing for Captain America to make a tour of US bases. A chance for the  men and women serving today to see and meet a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
sorta comicsverse sorta movieverse it's all getting jossed anyway right?
hail HYDRA
Steve Rogers as chorus girl and company-grade officer
Clint and Natasha think they're hilarious
Action/Adventure
Thor is an alien prince and not an idiot
Peggy Carter can still kick your ass
barf cannon
superhero foodies
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony's really not that bad at the business thing
Team
Team Dynamics

fandom: 
None
