Chapter 1



Notes:
"O, call back yesterday, bid time return."-- William Shakespeare, Richard II (Podfic by 10scheherazade01)




Chapter Text
Darcy stepped into the lab, stared at the stack of files on her desk, and felt a queasy sinking in her stomach. This was getting to be too much. She glanced at Jane hunched over a computer and felt a little stab of sadness, her lips tipping down into a sorrowful pout. The time was coming, and it was coming sooner than Darcy'd like, where she was going to have to step away. She couldn't manage construction of a SHIELD base, working for Phil, working for Fury, keeping up with the Avengers, and still assist Jane. This was going to be a horrible conversation. "Tony's been in here three times. He keeps changing my math." Jane said, not looking up from her work. "Where have you been?"Darcy shook off her mood and smirked. Wandering over to the whiteboard, she picked up a marker and started doodling a giant robot. "Intentionally leaving you defenseless in the face of my capricious and bored father, obviously."Jane shot her a dark look over her shoulder. "Don't change my math, either." Darcy rolled her eyes, and shuffled to one side to show Jane she wasn't touching her precious math. "So, where were you?""Assisting a super sniper with his AV set-up," Darcy grumbled. "Clint again?""How hard is it to not touch the freaking cables? It's like, dude, really? You can fly a quinjet, you've got a million trick arrows you've built yourself, and you can't leave the damn HDMI cables alone? What?" She drew a tiny little archer inches from being squished by the giant robot's giant robot foot. "Though, I'm starting to suspect Natasha does it when she's ticked at him. It happens way too often. He can't be that inept, can he?"Jane snuffled a little laugh. "No comment."Darcy gave the cartoon archer a speech bubble. "Oh noes," she squeaked in a little voice as she printed the words."So, I have a question.""Shoot.""Why are there googly eyes on all our thumb drives?" Jane held up a googly-eyed thumb drive and shook it at Darcy."So I know which way is up when I plug them in, duh.""But googly eyes?""They're cute." Jane sighed and gave her a look that landed somewhere between despairing and resigned. Darcy pointed the marker at her. "I make your life brighter and more whimsical, Jane.""Sure, that's what you do," the other woman muttered. Darcy chewed on her lower lip, capped the marker and placed it carefully back in its tray. Then she chickened out. She wasn't ready for this conversation yet. Maybe she could take a little longer. Maybe they could have a just-them night. Some good ol' bonding. "I think we should go out tonight."That startled a questioning look from Jane and she hesitated, looking back at her computer. "I don't know. I've got a lot of work.""Come on, it's Friday. Let your hair down," Darcy cajoled, walking over to lean against Jane's desk. "Yard long margarita night at Pablo's.""Yard long? How does that—""I insist we find out. Can you live with never knowing?"Jane gave her an amused smile and shook her head. "Probably.""Well, I can't. Come on," she moved from cajoling to wheedling. "For sanity's sake, we have to escape the Tower at least once a week. It's in the rules.""Whose rules?""My rules. Keep up."Jane leaned back and looked thoughtful, maybe even tempted. Darcy swallowed her victory cheer. "Who else is coming?""Just you and me. As in times of old," she pronounced, throwing her arms wide."You need to stop taking tips in oratory from Thor.""He says with my position it's very important for me to be able to speak well in order to inspire others," Darcy told her with a sniff, before dropping her face into a pleading look. "We haven't gone out in forever. Remember how we used to rock Puente Antiguo on Friday nights?"Jane looked skeptical but she was having a hard time keeping down the little smile on the corners of her mouth. "They had one bar and we usually ended up on the roof of the lab with a bottle of tequila.""Sure, so it was a scaled back version of rocking, but still, good times," Darcy said with a wistful sigh. Jane flicked a finger at Darcy's knee. "I remember being kicked out of the bar when you threw peanuts at Joey Little.""He was terrible," Darcy moaned, drawing out the last word until she quite simply ran out of breath. "You're the reason they had to put chicken wire around the stage," Jane exclaimed, but there was laughter in her voice."They should have put baffle around it instead," Darcy insisted. Losing the war against her amusement, Jane laughed. "They really should have.""Dude sounded like a wounded badger in a tumble dryer," she complained with a wince.Still laughing, Jane nodded. "Remember his Rolling Stones cover night?"A full body shudder shook Darcy at the memory. "I can never listen to 'Satisfaction' again.""Why didn't we ever just sabotage the audio set-up?" The astrophysicist asked, brow drawn down, puzzled by their lack of initiative in vandalism. "Becau
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Time Travel
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
None
