Chapter 1: Art History (Logan/Darcy)
    


Notes:
I've always thought Logan saying he taught art was hilarious. My crack-brain decided to come up with a reason why!




Chapter Text
Logan needed a beer or to punch someone, preferably Summers, in the face. He figured Chuck would prefer the first option, so he stalked the halls of the mansion making his way to the staff kitchen. It had been a long day of training the new kids and putting up with Summers’ ‘I’m always right’ attitude. Yeah, always a right dick.
The students sensed he was testier than usual, so he made to the kitchen without any interruptions. Not that he noticed. It wasn’t until he was almost to the fridge, however, that he spotted Rogue sitting at the table with another woman around her age.
“Hey, Logan!” came the sugary-sweet voice from the other mutant.
He grunted, nodded, and yanked open the refrigerator door.  It was a good thing that Chuck had consulted with special industrial appliance makers; otherwise most of the kitchen would have needed replacing within two weeks. Logan figured he should thank the man as he pulled out a beer and shut the refrigerator door a little too firmly
He used a claw to pop off the top of his beer and took a long swig before leaning back against the counter to examine the women in front of him.
They had gone back to their conversation, apparently not offended by his gruff behavior. He observed their comfortable body language and figured the two knew each other and were pretty close. That meant the other woman must be Darcy Lewis. Chuck had wanted to start a new poli-sci course and Rogue recommended someone she knew back in high school. Apparently this friend was the Avenger’s Liaison and could add a useful spin on the class involving superheroes and present day politics.
Logan had been busy with training all week, but he still hadn’t been able to escape the excited babble from Rogue about Darcy finally coming. He had been prepared to dislike this Darcy Lewis because her arrival meant he hadn’t gotten a moment’s quiet the last week. Plus, she worked with the Avengers. Stark wasn’t half bad, but Rogers sometimes reminded him of Summers and Logan put up with enough sanctimonious leadership already.
But Logan was second-guessing his assumptions as he took in the woman in front of him. She had curves in all the places he liked, full lips he wanted to test, and an expressive face that probably made it hard for her lie to anyone. Not to mention she was already vetted by Rogue. No, the next three months were starting to look up. This Darcy would be staying at the mansion full time for the course and Logan figured if things worked out he might offer to help her with homework.
He slowly sipped his beer and started to pay attention to what Darcy was saying with such enthusiasm and impressive gesturing.
“So, let me get this straight. Ororo, who has a complex understanding of atmospheric science and can control the weather, is teaching Eastern European History. Kurt, who pretty much is Eastern European, is teaching drama. And Scott, who can’t help show-boating or trying to start a pissing contest any time the Avengers show up, is teaching ethics.”
Logan snorted and lively blue eyes shifted over to where he stood.
“At this rate it wouldn’t surprise me if you taught art.”
This time Logan choked on his beer. He didn’t know what he’d expected, but it certainly wasn’t the words stamped across his left ass cheek. But with what he’d heard about this girl from Rogue, it made a hell of a lot of sense.  
Rogue started clapping excitedly and Darcy turned back to her friend.
“What, what’s with the happy clap?”
“I’m not saying. Not my place to tell,” came out between giggles.
“What are you talking about?”
Another giggle and a head shake came from the mutant.
“Nuh uh.”
“Fine.” Darcy spun back around in her chair to look at Logan questioningly.
“You want to fill me in on what’s going on?”
He chuckled setting his beer down and placed his hands on the island in front of him.
“I think Rogue’s already filled you in on all the important details.”
Darcy clasped her right hand to her ribs and whirled back to her friend.
“Those were… he said my…Did you know?!?”
“Not exactly.” Giggle.
Darcy leaned back in her chair and stared at her friend.
“Talk about self-fulfilling prophecy. I always thought you picking that name somehow jinxed it.”
“Apparently not! Now, stop freaking out. I’m leaving you two get acquainted. Play nice.”
Rogue stood, patted Darcy on the head with her gloved hand, and blew Logan a kiss as she bounced out of the kitchen, still giggling.
He stayed where he was and watched Darcy. She took a deep breath and finally turned to face him.
“So, soulmates.”
“You got a problem with that?”
She straightened abruptly and stared at him.
“What? No! Why would I?”
Logan straightened and came around the island to sit on a stool closer to her. He rested his fists on his thighs and paused.
“Well, there’s the mutant thing. Amnesia. One hell of an age 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Logan (X-Men)
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Eliot Spencer
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Remy LeBeau/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Warren Worthington III
Victor Creed/Darcy Lewis
Heimdall/Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Owen Grady/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
Darcy Lewis & Reed Richards

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Clint Has Issues
Canon-Typical Violence
Romance
Darcy is a bamf
Grumpy Eliot
Parker Being Parker
Sassy Steve Rogers
Flirty Steve Rogers
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Tony Is a Good Bro
Fluff and Angst
Thor Is a Good Bro
Asexual Character
Asexual Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Logan (X-Men)
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Eliot Spencer
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Remy LeBeau/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Warren Worthington III
Victor Creed/Darcy Lewis
Heimdall/Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Owen Grady/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm
Darcy Lewis & Reed Richards

