Chapter 1: Sean, Alex, Hank
    




Chapter Text
It’s very late at night and he’s half asleep when Sean goes in to check on the Professor. So the question surprises him, even though they've been expecting something like it for at least the last couple of years. “Did you know my father, Erik Lehnsherr?”
Erik, pushing Sean off the satellite. “Here, let me help.” A scream. Falling. Flying. Laughter.

Erik, across from Charles in the study, late at night. A game of chess. Voices low. Intimate.

Erik, slamming his body on top of Charles as the Blackbird rolls mid air. Metal creaking. Spinning. A crash.

Erik, holding Charles in his arms. “I want you by my side.” Sand. Blood. Sulfur.
He’s not even conscious of the myriad thoughts and memories flitting through his mind as he looks at the little boy on the bed. Max has curled his body around the Professor and is stroking his Daddy’s hair, mimicking the comforting touch he remembers from the times when he’s been the one sick in bed.“I can see his face in your head.” Max looks up at Sean, brilliant blue eyes so like Charles’. “He left.”Sean sighs, sitting on the edge of the bed and ruffles Max’s short, brown hair. “I think this is a conversation you should have with your Dad when he’s feeling better.” He checks the Prof’s I.V. and takes his temperature, adjusting his blankets slightly before gently pulling Max into his arms. “Come on. We should let your Daddy rest so he can get better. I’ll take you back to bed.”Sean carries Max back to his room next door and tucks the boy under the covers. He’s about to leave when he feels Max’s hand slide into his own, pulling him back down onto the bed. “Will you tell me about my father?”
Your father is passionate. Fierce. Brave.

Your father is angry. Ungrateful. Damaged.
He doesn’t think he clamped down fast enough to stop Max from reading his thoughts but the boy’s expression doesn’t change and he shows no outward signs that he’s heard any of Sean's musings. He reinforces his shields like the Professor taught him, and then shifts to sit next to Max on the bed.“Your father, he's like us. And he has the the most amazing control over metal.”***It’s early in the morning and Alex is the first one up so he makes his way to the kitchen to start breakfast. Usually Mrs. Bradley takes care of meals but this is a good distraction. He’s been feeling restless and unsettled since the Professor was hit with this latest bout of pneumonia.Even with Hank’s meticulous monitoring and diet plans, Charles health has never fully recovered from his pregnancy and Max’s delivery. Alex doesn’t know how the Professor is able to do so much - over the years he’s watched Charles work tirelessly; raising Max, recruiting and running the school, supporting and coaching and helping all of them control and improve their powers. He’s done his best to step up and assume more responsibility but he knows that they all still rely too much on the Prof.  He wonders if he will ever be able to repay Charles for his trust and his kindness.
“Alex...I wish I didn’t have to ask this of you but...it’s about the baby.”

They’re in the study and Charles rolls himself around his desk until he’s next to Alex sitting on the couch. He’s very close to his delivery date now, his cardigan stretched taut across his stomach.

“Professor, you know we'll all do whatever we can to help you.”

Charles rubs his temple and sighs. “We know this pregnancy is high risk and there's a very good chance that I won't make it.” He raises a hand to stop Alex before he can interrupt. “I want you and Hank to be the baby’s guardians if anything happens to me.”

“Well Hank yes, but me? Why? I mean, I would be honored but with my past and my control issues...” 

Charles smiles; warm, comforting. “I've watched you grow so much in the last 7 months, Alex. You are a passionate, loyal, dedicated young man. I have faith in you to make the right decisions for my son if I’m not around to raise him.” His smile wavers slightly and Alex thinks he would do just about anything in the world to make things better for his mentor and friend. “Erik has made it obvious that he has no interest in our son. And he and Raven are living lives and making choices I can’t condone or support. I don’t want Max to grow up thinking violence is the only way, and that we have to wage war on humans to make a world safe for mutants. I trust you and Hank to teach him the importance of understanding and compassion.”

Alex has to suppress the anger that still roils underneath the surface whenever he thinks about Er- Magneto and that day on the beach. The fact that he chooses not to have anything to do with Charles and the baby just makes Alex angrier; there are days when he wants nothing more than to shoot a plasma blast at his smug, helmet wearing face. He reins in his thoughts and nods in agreement. “I swear if anything does happen, Hank and I will raise the baby and love him. We’ll protect him with our lives.”

“Thank you Alex.” Charles look
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Angst
Mpreg
Kink Meme
Reconciliation
Post Beach Divorce
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not compliant with DOFP
Canon Disabled Character
Families of Choice
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

