Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki stood before his father, head respectfully bowed, and let himself be inspected.  He was draped in white fur and soft brown leather with gold clasps holding the finery on his small body, his long black hair braided and further adorned with gold.  Loki knew how he looked – tiny and blue in the vast world of ice, gleaming with riches – and he knew what he was for.  He was the item his father was trading for peace with the Asgardians, and the restoration of Jotunheim.His father’s hand reached down, as large as Loki’s own torso, and he grasped it; taking what little comfort from the cold skin that he could.  They stood at the site of the Bifrost awaiting Odin Allfather, the Asgardian King, and the Casket of Ancient Winters that had been promised to them with the exchange of a peace vow and, of course, Loki.  The information Loki had been able to glean about his role in Asgard all had something to do with the heir, Thor Odinson, so Loki assumed that he would be a slave to the other prince.  Or, perhaps, a bride.  Laufey let go of Loki’s hand.Soon enough, the Bifrost bloomed through the dark sky and the Allfather appeared with a retinue of soldiers, a young boy with bright eyes and blonde hair by his side.  The boy was gaping at his surroundings with an expression of wonder, before he gazed similarly at the frost giants and finally at Loki, dwarfed at his father’s side.  The boy’s eyes were blue, a warm blue, not the cold unfeelingness of ice, and Loki raised his small chin with a feeling of anticipation; that was surely Thor.“Laufey.”“Allfather.”“I trust your vow will hold true.  This is your son?”“Indeed.  His name is Loki.  Small for a frost giant, but he has shown skills of sorcery, and he will be well able to bear young.”  Odin stepped forward and knelt in front of Loki, their eyes almost level, and the Allfather reached out and touched his arm before Loki could protest that he would be injured.  Instead of Odin jumping back with a bark of pain, as Loki has expected, his own blue skin seemed to melt away and become as pale as the furs he wore.  Thor was staring, Laufey looked unsurprised and Loki wondered whether his eyes were still the colour of lava and blood.“Good,” Odin said, standing up and nodding to his warriors.  Two of them stepped forward and handed the Casket to Laufey, who received it with a sigh of reverence and relief, not noticing when Odin took Loki’s hand and led him to stand next to Thor.Loki wanted to call out, wanted to run back and touch his father’s skin and change back, wanted to say I love you, but Laufey didn’t spare him a glance.“Let there be peace,” Laufey rumbled.“Let there be peace,” Odin replied. The Bifrost opened and sucked them up. It would take a fool to think that King Laufey loved him, and Loki was no such thing.  He was a pawn, but if pawns survived for long enough, they could become kings.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Reality
Arranged Marriage
Mpreg
Bottom!Loki
minimal angst

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

