Work Text:
"Jarvis?"
"Good afternoon, Master Rogers."
"Could you—"
"Sir, I don't mean to alarm you but I am detecting very abnormal body scans." 
Steve took a heaving breath and closed his eyes. "Um, yeah. Could you—"
"Adjusting to light-sensitivity, sir," Jarvis said, his automated voice already softer and Steve barely suppressed his sigh. It wasn't that it hurt, so much that... yeah, forget it. It hurt pretty bad. He was in a hefty amount of constant pain, more so than he was used to. Or well, a different sort of pain than he was used to. Before the serum, Steve was always in some sort of lingering pain. Since he became an Avenger, he spent more time getting hurt and healing super-fast—that kind of pain was a whole different ballgame.
"Thank you, Jarvis," Steve rasped out, his throat feeling thick. 
"Sir, may I inquire as to the cause of your abnormal state?" 
Steve huffed out a laugh that turned into a whine as he stumbled over to his bed and sat down. His skin felt like it was on fire, his clothes were sticking to his skin as if he had gotten out of a scalding shower and laid on a frozen lake. It was such a war of sensation and the sheer intensity of it danced behind his eyelids when he closed his eyes. 
"Sir?" 
Steve took a deep breath, bracing himself, before he pulled off his t-shirt. He almost screamed, the sensation was too much and fire raced up the skin of his back, seemed to lick and linger on his ribs. God, it burned. 
"Sorry, Jarvis. I was at SHIELD for testing," Steve said, grinding his teeth. He wanted nothing more than to take off his khakis and briefs but the thought of the same racing icy heat on his groin and ass actually brought tears to his eyes. 
He'd been hard for almost two days. Which, not only was it downright embarrassing to be aroused in front of almost a dozen scientists in a government lab—they were no doubt recording their findings in Steve's official file—but it was darn uncomfortable. He wanted so badly to do something about it but his head was throbbing and his body was so overstimulated that he thought he might actually pass out if he touched himself like that. His shame was palpable. He didn't hate SHIELD as much as Tony did, but in this moment, Steve would admit to not being particularly fond of the agency. Being a science experiment was rarely fun and the excitement usually only came when Tony was involved and thought Stark Industries should expand into the adult toy market, but Steve was biased. 
"Jarvis, I told SHIELD I'd have you record—"
"I've been carefully monitoring your vitals since I noticed the abnormalities in your profile, Master Rogers. Is there anything I can do to make you more comfortable?" 
Steve grunted, holding his hands up in the air as his palms tingled. Just letting them sit on his thighs created a weird feedback of stimulation that had him panting and his chest feeling tighter. 
"If you could make it colder, that might help," Steve said, but whatever reply Jarvis gave was lost as Steve struggled to strip off the rest of the way. By the time he managed to get his shoes, socks and khakis off, his breath was ragged and his head was pounding. He still had an erection but the dizzy mess of his head was a more pressing concern than the admittedly painful twitch of his dick. 
"Body levels indicated dehydration," Jarvis spoke quietly. "Master Rogers, I suggest you intake a healthy quantity of water before attempting rest." 
"Yeah, alright then." 
Two bottles of water felt good and Steve's breathing was still laborious to his own ears but his chest didn't feel as tight. 
He was exhausted. 
It took a few moments to get still lying on the bed. His whole body felt like it was vibrating with pure sensation. 
"Jarvis, could you lock the door?" It still felt odd asking Jarvis, the computer that lived in the house—and even just thinking about some sort of computer monster out of a SHIELD file observing him made Steve nervous—but that wasn't what Jarvis was. He was... well, he was oddly helpful and most of the time, it felt like Steve was talking to a person who was constantly just out of sight. Besides, he was something that Tony created and no matter how many times Steve heard about Tony designing weapons, it was hard for him to reconcile that person with the man that Steve had braved the 21st century with. The Tony that Steve fought alongside, constantly found himself arguing with, living with and sharing a bed with—that man wasn't a man who made weapons. Tony was the creator of Jarvis, a dear friend and a constant for a man who had everything the world could ever ask for, except for some of the things that Tony had needed.  
Steve listened to the white noise in the room. His head was still pounding and his body felt like he had been hit with Mjölnir and gone a few rounds with Thor's lightning bolts. It seemed like he was actually vibrating but that might just be a side effect of the throbbing behind his eyes. 
"Jarvis," Steve said, forcing deep breaths. 
"Sir?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Unsafe Sex
Ridiculous
Plot What Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

