Work Text:
When Natasha's call comes, Clint is north of Moscow, running down a lead on the deepest end of 'hush-hush' for Fury. For months they'd been running all over the world searching for any proof that could back Fury's suspicions that something was rotten within SHIELD. It means no orders, no records, no backup, but also that his identity isn't burned. Everyone thinks he's on leave. So he chooses to keep moving north, tracking down a scientific facility that had been in SHIELD's records for exactly four hours before being hastily removed, the only reference to it found in a recently deceased administrator's effects from the '60s. That's suspicious enough to keep going, even if Fury is dead, even if Tasha's been attacked, even if HYDRA is everywhere.When Natasha's second call comes, Clint already has an infiltration plan, surveying the entry to the off-the-map underground bunker he's found. Fury is not dead, after all, but SHIELD is going down. They'll be on their own for a while, lest they put each other in danger. Clint takes a few minutes to remotely trigger his safety protocols back home, but decides to go in anyway.The horrors he finds make him go for kill shot after kill shot. He counts thirty eight bodies when he dumps them in the incinerator powering the facility's boilers. Nobody's escaped, he's made sure using the security system with its cameras and sensors. He doesn't burn the place down, there might be valuable information here, but he changes all protocols. Only he can open it now. When he leaves, he only carries one file, containing the greatest abomination HYDRA'd been hiding.He checks the information released to the public, and the man in the file is mentioned nowhere. Just as well, he deserve peace. So Clint moves further north, to an outpost of sorts listed in the facility's documents. He finds a single building, a strange mix of cabin and farmhouse, one guard stationed there. And let it never be said that he's never learned anything from Natasha. It takes almost a week, but he finally confirms that no one else is coming. Everyone left out of the information dump was already in the bunker, hiding.Clint is wiping the blood off his hands when he hears a creak from the next room's floorboards, on his right. From where he's crouching, he can see the security monitors up ahead in the other room, and on them, the man in the file. He's seen the footage, he doesn't stand a chance in a close fight, not when Tasha'd barely escaped him."I'm not HYDRA," he says and moves to roll the body in the plastic tarp he'd laid down.No answer comes. When he's finished, he removes his gun and knife, placing them on the floor. There's no escape route other than past by the Soldier."I'm also not armed."He counts the minutes, waiting. He's good at that, waiting unmoving, and he puts all his training in it, barely breathing. Another creak, light footsteps, and a knife joins his weapons on the floor."Not armed either." The Soldier says nothing else.Clint lets out a relieved breath. "Why are you here?" he asks, turning around.His eyes are cold, more lifeless than Clint's had been after Loki. The Soldier stares, no answer coming from his lips, but there's something shifting incrementally in his gaze."They're all dead," Clint offers.Apparently it's the right thing to say, because the Soldier nods.They bury the body and eat soup. The Soldier doesn't leave, and Clint can't seem to want to, either. He's not curious, or fascinated, but tired. And he's pretty sure this is the safest place to be right now. Clint watches him across the kitchen table. He's in tac gear under civvies, definitely not inconspicuous."How'd you get here?" he asks."Quinjet."Oh. Interesting, he can fly one. Clint wonders what else he's been trained to do."Did you cloak it?"And that earns him a glare. "Yes."Clint raises both palms in defense. The silence stretches, and Clint washes their plates and spoons. The Soldier follows his movements with his eyes, but otherwise doesn't even twitch."My name is Clint Barton," he starts, and he's not sure why he's saying this. Perhaps, to offer the other man a sense of how he's not the only one life's fucked over? After what he's seen in his file, he sure needs it. "I am an assassin. I have worked for myself, for others, and for SHIELD. I have been paid to take lives, there's a lot of blood on my hands, but I chose that. Last year, I was forced, against my will, to kill my colleagues. Brainwashing in its purest form, all control taken from me."That earns him a head tilt, the Soldier's eyes slightly more vivid. Clint's not sure where he's going with this."Look, man," he sighs, "I don't think anyone in the world can understand what you're going through right now. But shit happens to everyone. And you might not be ok right away," he lifts a finger when the Soldier frowns, "yes, that includes wanting to shut me up violently," it gets him a blink, almost surprise, "but you will be ok later. Maybe not totally, like pa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Where Was Clint Barton During Captain America 2?
the farm house
Gif Inspired
Oblivious Clint
there's a kitty
Memory Loss
clint adopts assassins
clint is in denial

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

