Work Text:
"Oh c'mon, I'm sure it's not that small, Phil.""eyes on target, Barton." This had been going on for hours now, weeks before this too: Clint had to do something to entertain himself during the hours of laying motionless on endless rooftops.  It started a few months ago when he'd been scoping out a hotel suite in Vegas, the target had just walked out of the shower, naked. "Jesus lord! The size of that thing! And it's not even hard!" He'd blurted out, not to get a reaction, particularly: it wasn't unusual for him to point out odd little things he noticed during his hours of watching and waiting, and this was worthy of note. It was pretty big.  "Coulson you gotta get a look at this guy's schlong! It's massive! Do you have binoculars? How long do you think that is?" He was met with nothing more than light static. "Sir? C'mon, look!""I have no interest in seeing a terrorist's penis, Barton.""No but it's really big!""Focus, Agent."  Clint frowned. Phil was usually happy enough to look when he'd spotted other unusual things, a guy in Florida who must have weighed at least 500 lbs, a woman in Reno with tits the size of watermelons, once a two-headed cat in Ohio. Sure, he mostly just tersely said things like, he sure is a large fellow; she must have terrible back problems; that belongs in Ripley's Believe It Or Not. It was their thing, Clint would be kind of a goofy jackass and Coulson would humour him; he'd call the shot, Clint would make it, they'd pack up and go home.  "Aren't you gonna at least take a look? It's freakish! How does this guy even walk?"A long suffering, 'what are you, five years old?' sigh huffed into his ear."If I look, you be quiet for the next couple of hours?""sure, ok, whatever." Clint lifted his head from the scope to look over to the hotel room where Coulson was stationed by the window, angled between the hotel Clint was on top of and the one the mark was in. "Sure, it's huge." Coulson said flatly over the comms. He wasn't even facing the window. "Sir! I'm looking right at you! You fucking liar!""oh for-..." Clint heard and saw Coulson cut of a swear word and move away from the window, returning with field lenses to look down at the suite. "Huh? Big right?" "eh.""'eh?!' It's a giant salami!""it's really not that impressive.""making you feel inadequate, sir?""No! I- quiet time now." Clint sighed, looked back down at the target and waited for the call. It was big, screw what Coulson said. Maybe he had a micro-penis, Clint thought to himself. It would kind of explain a lot.  But the call didn't come: other units were working on further intel before they could finally finish up and in Clint's words, "nuke this douche", so they were back the next day, Clint scoping out the same room, with at least another 12 hours to go. The first day had the usual level of tedium a long-range scope-out mission entailed but a second day and it was starting to get boring. "Target is back in the room.""Copy that.""Ooh... it looks like he's gonna take a shower again, got your binoculars ready?""Eyes on target, Barton.""This guy's target's hard to miss."Sure enough the target was stripping off, shucking on a hotel bathrobe. Clint sucked on his teeth. "How big do you think that thing gets when it's hard?" He mused, as much to himself as to get another rise out of Phil. There was no response forthcoming."Sir? You there?""Coulson?" Nothing. The target was looking out of the window down to the street below."Are you giving me the silent treatment?"He broke away from the scope to look over to the room Phil was still holed up in. Maybe something untoward was going on. But Phil was there at the window, and Clint felt a shiver to see Phil looking directly at him. Clint's instinct was to reach for the scope to get a better look, try to decipher what that look on his face was, but before he could, Phil broke his silence."Eyes on target, Clint."  What the hell? Weird. He should have left it alone, talked about the weather or tried again to get Coulson to agree to play poker at one of the casinos after the mission. He never agreed, said it would be 'potentially detrimental to their cover'. There wasn't anything to do but pick at it, Clint had nothing much else on his mind to distract himself with after all.  "I'm sure yours isn't super tiny. They have procedures, Phil... pills, prosthesis... prosthesises? Prosth... Fake dicks." Clint just made out the sound of Phil drawing in breath again, could swear he could hear his jaw tensing. There's no way he even could have heard it but he at least imagined Phil's nostrils flaring. "I mean, most people say it's not the size of the boat-""Clint, if you don't pipe down I'll have your uniform modified to include a skirt." He was shocked that he'd gotten any response at all, let alone one that included his first name. And from Coulson! Ice cold, super cool Coulson. Agent Death-Stare. He wanted to press on, push more, pull at this thread so much it itched, but knew better than to cal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Giant penis
Office Sex
Clint is obsessed with the size of Phil's dick
it's super huge
Phil is kind of an asshole
Dirty Talk
Anal Sex
Rape/Non-con Elements
slightly cracky
safe sex
he asked for it

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

