Work Text:
When he finally leaves the office, Steve says his customary goodbye to Deborah, the night security guard. She smiles as he passes. “Doing anything with the boyfriend tonight, Steve?”He shrugs. “Eh. Bucky and I'll probably just have a quiet night in. We've both been so busy lately.”Deborah laughs. “Don't be too quiet, now. You're both too young to stay in all the time.”“Don't worry, Debs, staying in is the way we like it.”~Bucky meets him outside the door, giving him a quick kiss before they hop on the subway together. They chat amicably about work and their plans for the weekend on the way home—it really has been a few days since they've had time to talk without falling asleep or being buried under work—but the second that they get through the door, Bucky drops to his knees. “Can I blow you? It's been three days since we've had sex, Steve. I'm dying here.”Steve runs a hand through his hair. “Go put your cage and collar on, then we'll go from there.” Bucky has been wearing his cock cage for almost a week now, but he takes it off while he's at work. It's not worth the risk, especially when Bucky is out in the field, and Steve trusts him not to jerk off. While Bucky scrambles into the bedroom, Steve takes a pill from the bottle he's been hiding amidst his daily medicines and stashes it in the pockets of his navy suit pants. He strolls into the bedroom, sliding behind his very naked boyfriend. The cock cage is already on; steel wraps around his cock and balls, keeping him from getting hard. He won't get any pleasure tonight unless Steve allows him to. His thick black collar is buckled around his neck; Steve presses against Bucky and closes the padlock with a quiet click. A silver tag that says “Property of Steve Rogers” jingles from the o ring on the front. Steve grinds his cloth-covered cock against Bucky's ass before gripping his arms and spinning him around so that they're face to face, Bucky circled loosely in his arms. He stands on his tip toes, tilting Bucky's face down to kiss him lightly. “Hi,” he says, pulling back.Bucky gives him a soft smile. The collar and the cage seemed to have tempered some of his energy from earlier; he's calm at the physical reminders that Steve is in charge. “What're we doing tonight?”“Hmm, I have something new I want to try, actually. If you want to, of course.” He holds out his hand, the tiny blue pill resting innocuously in the middle. Bucky raises an eyebrow. “Is that a Viagra? Where did you even get that?”“When I was at the doctor's for strep a few weeks ago I mentioned off-handedly that I was having trouble getting it up with my boyfriend.”“But. . .You never have a problem getting hard.” He looks upset, like he's suddenly afraid he's the reason for Steve's supposed troubles. Which is ridiculous; even if Steve did have a medical condition that gave him that sort of trouble, the way Bucky turns Steve on physically and mentally is unlike anything he's ever felt before.
“No, Bucky, I don't,” he reassures him.“So why—oh. Oh. You want me to take it?”“Only if you want to.”“But. . .Does that mean you're going to let me out of the cage?”“Nope.” Steve pops his lip on the p.“But. That'll hurt.”“Yeah. It will probably will,” he says nonchalantly, loosening his tie. "Think about it. You'll be so hard, aching to get some relief, but you want be able to because I decide when you get to come and I don't think you've earned it yet. Maybe I'll milk you tonight, but maybe I'll let you suffer.” The viagra won't make Bucky hornier per se, but it will make him more prone to get and stay erect, which from what Steve's read is the best kind of torture while he's being forced down in the cock cage.Bucky swallows, eyes dark. “Yeah. I. . .I could do that. He takes the pill from Steve's hand and stares at it, before quickly dry swallowing it. “What now?”“It should take about fifteen minutes to kick in. I want you to get me ready to fuck in the mean time.”“I thought you said you weren't going to let me out?”“Yeah, but I want to be fucked tonight. I'm not going to let your lack of a functional dick stop me.”“Oh,” Bucky slumps dejectedly. Apparently he thought Steve might actually let him use his cock tonight, the silly boy. “I'll get the dildo, then. Which one do you want?”“Actually, I have another present for you. Look in the closet.”Bucky marches over to closet, opening the door. He digs for a minute before pulling out a silky black bag. At Steve's gesture to open it, he pulls out a bundle wrapped in delicate tissue. As Bucky folds back the tissue, he lets out a gasp, eyes darkening at what he sees. “Steve, they're beautiful.” Steve breathes a sigh of relief; he had spent weeks searching for just the right accessories for Bucky.Bucky pulls out the delicate white silk stockings and the matching high waisted, white garter belt. The garter belt itself is composed of delicate white lace, and both the stocking and the garter belt are adorned with tiny pale pink bows. Next, he pulls out a pair 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Chastity Device
Crossdressing Kink
Feminization
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Prostate Milking
Rimming
Topping from the Bottom
Spitroasting
Face-Fucking
Viagra
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

