Work Text:
“Hey, Steve?”Bucky leans his ear towards the door. There’s a heavy pause then the soft sound of something shutting, like the dresser or the nightstand next to the bed.“Yeah, Buck?” Steve’s voice is hesitant, slightly muffled like he’s got a cold. Which Bucky damn sure knows he doesn’t, super soldier immune system and all.“Forgot my handwrap, would you open the door for a sec?” Bucky says.“I thought there was some in the living room?”“Nah, couldn’t find any.”Another pause, and Bucky has to stifle a smile at how obviously the gears in Steve’s head are turning. He isn’t getting out of this one. Bucky’s waited too damn long, been through too much to sit out on the first heat his omega’s had since before anyone had a choice but to fuck it out or sweat it out. And Bucky’s not aiming for the latter.The door opens a crack. Bucky shoves his foot in the open space lightening quick.“Goddamit. Bucky.”“So hey, let me tell you how suspiciously interested Nat was in sparring after breakfast this morning.”“Buck, pull your foot back or so help me.”“Like, hours before we normally do.”“This isn’t a good time.”“Almost like she was tryna keep me busy or something, you know?” Bucky wriggles his foot in another inch, meeting hard resistance. A rolled up band of black gauze appears through the opening and waves impatiently in the air. “Here’s your tape. Now take it and leave.”“Come on, Stevie,” Bucky says cajolingly, “I just wanna talk to you for a second.”Steve huffs softly behind the door. Bucky tests the give with his shoulder, feels it jolt slightly before Steve presses his body against it once more. He should be scenting him sweet by now but all Bucky picks up is something slightly bitter and flat, like the smell of a dispensary.“Steve,” Bucky says, soft enough it’s almost a sigh. “Come on, buddy. It didn’t work and I’m here. I want to be here. Let me in.” Another pause then the door yields so suddenly Bucky nearly stumbles inside.Steve’s standing a foot beyond the threshold, stance wide with his arms held away from his sides like he’s ready for a fight.“Hey, baby,” Bucky says softly. He holds his hands out in a calming gesture and takes a step towards Steve, eyes roving over every inch of him. He’s got a serious case of bedhead and he’s breathing hard, cheeks flushed, but otherwise he looks healthy. More than. Slightly glowing if Bucky didn’t know better.“Hey, Buck,” Steve says in return, and his face crumbles slightly. Bucky’s at his side in an instant. He curves his left arm around Steve’s waist and pulls him forward, cups the back of Steve’s head with his flesh hand. “Just wanted to see you,” Bucky says, kissing softly at the warm skin of Steve’s neck, “Did you know your heat was coming? Were you just gonna ride it out?”“Bucky, you don’t have to--”“Have to? Steve you big lug, I want this more than anything. You’re the only thing that’s, that I--” Bucky catches himself and lets out a pent up breath. Steve’s staring at him with wide, solemn eyes. “I wanted you even when I didn’t know myself. I’d want you if I died and in every life after this one. If I’m brought back as a ghost I’d haunt your ass and tell you to get tied.”Steve chokes out a laugh. “God. How romantic.”“That’s me,” Bucky says with a grin.“You know it doesn’t work that way.”“Guess I’ll have to live forever so no other Alpha gets his hands on you.”Steve goes an alarming shade of pink and Bucky can’t help but kiss him again. He still can’t scent him and he’s hot and a little unsteady in Bucky’s hands.“Let’s get you cleaned up,” Bucky says.“I’m clean.”“Not for what I’m about to do to you.”“Oh we have to start off clean?”“Just do what your Alpha says, smartass,” Bucky pushes Steve away and watches until Steve pulls his shirt off before walking to the bed and grabbing the various bags of suppressants. He shoves the few strewn across the top of the nightstand inside then crumbles the bags shut in his hand. He tosses them with a resounding thump into the little silver trashcan in the kitchen. By the time he’s back Steve is fully naked, scratching idly at the back of his head with one hand.“Bath,” Bucky says sternly, pushing at one naked shoulder. Steve leans back into Bucky’s touch silently so Bucky takes the hint and wraps his hands around Steve’s hips from behind, walking him towards the bathroom. He nuzzles against the back of Steve’s neck in an almost kiss.“JARVIS, fill the tub up halfway,” Bucky says. A moment later the sound of rushing water fills the cavernous space. The clawfoot tub had been introduced at Bucky’s insistence, nevermind that they had a double headed shower large enough for a small party. The tub felt simultaneously homey and weirdly decadent. A high pressure shower still felt too close to feeling like an animal getting hosed off.“How many did you take exactly?” Bucky asks. The pills he’d thrown away were huge and liquid filled, two to a package.“A couple every half hour,” Steve says grimly, “I burn through ‘em pretty quick.”“No shit,”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve
Knotting
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

