Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 
 
 
"I thought I would find you here. This darkness suits you ill, my friend."

Steve looked up from his gin to find Thor leaning lazily in the taproom doorway in a borrowed tank top and jeans. Damn him. Figures the one dilapidated, abandoned bar he felt comfortable drinking in was the across the street from the hole-in-the-wall Thai restaurant Thor had fallen in love with.

It had probably been a nice place before the Chitauri hit it, once upon a time. Most of the liquor had been looted long ago, except for the stuff in the padlocked steel cooler that Steve, figuring it would go to waste otherwise, had broken into. Since then it had become his own private watering hole, when he felt melancholy enough to need a drink. Tonight it was Bombay Sapphire, which came in a blue bottle and tasted bitter and Steve felt it appropriate.

But today was different; it was well after dark, and light from billboards and streetlamps and office buildings pierced between the boards on the windows. It cast a dim glow on the pool table and the hopelessly ruined jukebox, and left the taproom in a soft, ambient blue, interrupted with bright columns of light falling in from the ceiling.

"Thor... look, I .. I really appreciate you coming down here, but I'm really not in a great place for a pep talk." He let his fingers-- his thin, narrow, bony fingers-- curl around the tumbler.

"What better place is there for one, than the bottom of that bottle?" Thor sauntered to the little table and filled up the rickety chair across from Steve, and where normally he represented an endlessly smiling torrent of strength, today he was just yet another smug slab of meat, looking down his nose at the little guy. "Foolishness is drinking alone, give me leave to join you and make wisdom of it."

Thor poured himself a shot of gin, apparently not grasping the significance of someone Steve's size telling the bartender to just leave the bottle, or the fact that he was at a table and not the actual bar (mainly because he was too embarrassed to sit on a stool and leave his feet dangling as if he were in a booster seat). He knocked it back like it was water, and turned that damnably un-burdened smile on the now-much-smaller man before him as though he were doing anyone a favor.

"Is drinking with someone else what passes for wisdom in Asgard?" Steve took a mouthful of his own glass and realized his mouth must be smaller, because it was all he could drink in one breath and it still wasn't even half the contents.

"No, but it paves a road for wisdom to follow." Thor's smile faded a bit. "...I am sorry this is such a terrible loss for you, my friend; I shall miss your presence on the battlefield even as I am proud to hear your voice over the communication devices."

"... Thor. I'm not fit to be part of this team anymore. S.H.I.E.L.D. is going to discharge me over this. They'll ship me off somewhere, they'll call it medical leave to make me feel better, but... I'm useless. Like before. I can't just cheat an exam to try again, you know?" Steve glowered into his glass again. It had been a stupid combination of accidents; he'd crashed his bike, which wasn't such a big deal. He'd broken a few bones, which had been more unpleasant than he remembered now that his bones were thick as tree branches and tougher than steel, but even that wasn't so bad. The neck-to-hip-gash across his chest and stomach from going headfirst through a plate glass window was messy and painful and God, there had been so much blood.

But, of all things, it was the ambulance that had effectively killed Captain America. The ambulance, two on-the-ball EMTs, and a fresh supply of Type O Positive.

The S.H.I.E.L.D. medical team were baffled, a blood transfusion shouldn't have been enough to completely remove the serum from Steve's body, but he'd nearly exsanguinated from the glass. They were already working overtime to cover up the sheer amount of red splattered all over Manhattan, not to mention the witnesses who saw Steve's severed jugular spraying rooster-tails shortly before he got up to collect the remains of his poor vintage bike.

Thankfully, he hadn't lost all the serum's benefits; he didn't seem to tire easily, he definitely didn't have asthma, and it'd been about a month and a half and he hadn't gotten horribly sick yet, so that was a plus. But no super strength, no super stamina, no healing factor. He was suddenly the same skinny little turd Bucky was saving from beatings in parking lots again. Eventually, Steve's cells could regenerate the effects of the serum on their own, but Bruce and Tony estimated it would probably be at least a year, more likely two or three depending on how his body handled the change, if it happened at all. So far there wasn't much improvement, and Steve was running low on hope.

"If they do, we will abandon S.H.I.E.L.D.," Thor replied, as surely and soundly as he would if he were declaring the sky to be blue. He poured himself anoth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
pre-serum steve
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Established Relationship
Slash
Drinking & Talking
Rimming
PWP
Angst
Team Bonding
Thor's feels
Size Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

