Work Text:

"Got a preference for a safeword, Bruce?"

They meet like this once every few days, once everyone's either out of the Tower or verifiably asleep. It would be soundproof regardless, but there was something about the privacy of it that Tony preferred. It made Bruce his, in a world of his own making. Asking if Bruce had a preference for a safeword was Tony's way of saying he was ready to take the reins; once he called it, that was the last vote he was getting for the rest of the night.

Bruce takes a breath, swallows once; the first part is always the hardest because that's when the doubt gets scarily high. Some nights he just answers "No," and it's his way of saying he doesn't feel safe risking it. But tonight, he thinks he's got the nerve, so he nods. "Ytterbium."

This makes Tony smile, and he pulls Bruce into a hug, and lets his fingers comb through his soft, graying hair; it helps to calm that initial nervousness. The first time they tried it, Bruce had been so nervous going in, he couldn't let go. It hadn't ended in an Incident, thankfully, but it had meant a lot of holding and reassurance and Tony had felt like such an asshole for weeks.

And then Tony is roughly turning him around and forcing his hands behind his back, and Bruce finds the comforting weight of a short steel bar pushed against his palms.

"Show me you remember the rules, Bruce."

Bruce whimpers a little, and obediently kneels, fingers wrapping around the bar at either ends. It's their Hulk-friendly alternative to being put in handcuffs; if he lets go, the game's over.

"Good." Tony ties the silk scarf over Bruce's eyes like he's anointing him with it, and then bends down, letting his lips almost-not-quite brush against his pet's mouth.

It's just close enough to let him feel the warmth, taste the sazerac on his breath. Bruce doesn't need to see it to know Tony's making that face, the one that says he's being tested. He's not supposed to move: if he needs to be moved or change positions, Tony will move him. So he stays very still, even when he feels the hum of the Arc Reactor against his skin, and those lips gently brushing against the corners of his mouth, the tops of his ears, along his jawline.

He's starting to breathe harder when Tony's hands hook in his elbows and haul him to his feet; Tony presses up against his back, reaches to start unbuttoning his shirt from behind him. He can feel the roughness of Tony's callouses against his nipples through the fabric, and that warm breath is coming in soft, measured draws against his ear as Tony's hands thread through his chest hair on their way to un-knot his necktie.

"You're getting better at that," he murmurs.

"Thank you, Anthony." The privilege of using Tony's full first name is a gift, one he isn't allowed to use if he has free control of his hands. 

"You're welcome, Bruce."

And then he finds himself spun around again and just shoved, falling backwards onto the bed when his knees buckle against the edge. He lands with the bar under his thighs, his own weight robbing him of room to squirm unless he lets go.

Tony's hands roughly undo his belt, the familiar sound of leather and metal sliding over his slacks overridden by the sound of his fly being opened with Tony's other hand, the butterfly-light pressure of it serving as a cruel tease.

"Legs up."

Bruce does, lifting his knees and hips off the bed long enough for Tony to tug his slacks and shorts off, and then he's exposed, bare from the waist down, shirt open and pooling on his shoulders, blindfolded with his hands pinned underneath him, necktie undone and still looped under his collar. He's hard, too, the red-flushed weight of his own cock left untouched against his belly; Tony isn't moving, which means he's observing; it makes him feel like an unwrapped birthday present.

And then Tony is shoving his knees apart so he can lay between them; he's still fully dressed, the cottony fabric of his shirt brushing against Bruce's stomach as his mouth roves over his chest and throat, soft, open-mouthed kisses tempered with posessive bites, just enough pressure to make him tense and shiver and then moan with relief when Tony lets go.

He relaxes when Tony finally, finally kisses him; it's a rough, hungry affair, one that leaves a redness on his lips and the taste of cognac lingering on his tongue; Tony's fist is clenched in Bruce's hair, forcing him to turn his head whichever way he wants until the muscles in his neck and shoulders relax to make it easier. Their hips grind together, Tony rocking against him in slow strokes, Bruce obediently holding himself still.

He could try to answer the hardness between Tony's legs, try to meet his rhythm and get that edge of friction his body wants-- but he's not supposed to move, he's not allowed to move; he repeats it in his head, don't move, you don't have to, let him-- trust him--

Tony lets his mouth free and he gasps for breath, not realizing he hadn't have room to get any air into his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dom/sub
PWP
nobody calls Tony by his whole first name
Slash

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

