Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Charles, you're scaring me," Raven says gently, reaching out to grab his hand. "Is he—is he hurting you? Because if he is, I don't care what the law says about imprinted couples, I will get you out of here, we can—" 
"What?" Charles says in bewilderment. "Hurting me? No, of course not! It's the complete opposite problem!" 
Raven frowns. "You want him to hurt you?" she asks warily. 
"No, no, you're not understanding," Charles says, and drops his head in his hands. "He's driving me crazy." 
"Charles, you're going to have to start from the beginning," Raven says in frustration. "I've not imprinted on anyone, I don't understand what it's like. Honestly the whole thing seems a bit far out, I mean, love at first sight? It's like one minute we were standing in line at Starbucks, then this crazy guy pushes me out of the way and starts mauling you, and next thing I know, you're married. I just need to know you're alright." 
"Erik is brilliant," Charles reassures her. "He is. And I love him, Raven, truly, it's like, meeting your other half, and suddenly you're whole, and—" 
"You can stop there," Raven says, holding up a hand. "You sound like a Hallmark card. So what exactly is the problem? You were completely freaked out on the phone, I drop everything to come here, and you're a mess, Charles, what—"
Charles pulls her closer conspiratorially. "I love Erik, but he's insane," he confides. "I mean, he's completely insane. You know all those stereotypes about alphas and how they're possessive and overprotective?" 
"Those are all completely blown out of proportion and you know it," Raven says. 
"I used to know it," Charles says. "Then I met Erik. I cut myself shaving this morning, Raven, and I had to talk him out of going to destroy Schick's headquarters. The man's a menace." 
Raven couldn't help it, she burst out laughing. "Oh my god," she says. "Charles, you always have the best problems. You're upset that he's too concerned for you?" 
"I was barely bleeding!" Charles says in disbelief. "Can you imagine if something actually happens to me? I'm worried for his blood pressure. He might spontaneously combust." 
Raven is still laughing. "I don't know what to tell you," she says. "Don't you know any imprinted omegas you could talk to?" 
"All my friends are alphas," Charles says forlornly. "Not that I can ever see any of them again, for fear that Erik will tear them apart." 
"You're overreacting, certainly," Raven says. 
"He's got this, this eye twitch," Charles tells her, waving his hands in illustration. "He gets it whenever I talk about other people. I've read the literature and I'm fairly certain this is just a result of our recent imprinting, and he should undoubtedly become, you know, saner, as time goes on, but I am going out of my mind in the meantime!" 
"Why don't you just work on your dissertation?" Raven asks helpfully. "That always cheers you up." 
"It's hopeless," Charles says. "I'm too distracted. Usually when I feel like this I just go to a bar and get drunk and find some nice alpha—" 
Charles breaks off as Erik enters the room, his furious expression evidence he's definitely overheard that last bit. Charles wonders if maybe he's getting an eye twitch of his own. "And ask him to escort me home," he continues seamlessly, "as it is of course quite dangerous at night, and I would not wish to be mugged." 
Raven raises an eyebrow like, yeah, I'm sure that's what happened. Charles motions her to look behind her and she spins around, pushing herself back to drop down on the couch beside Charles at her new brother-in-law's furious expression. 
"I should hope that's all that happened," Erik says firmly, crossing his arms. "Hello, Raven." 
"Erik," Raven says. "Charles has just been telling me about married life. How's it treating you?" 
Erik's expression morphs into something less rampaging shark, and more lovesick puppy, and Raven recoils, clutching Charles' arm, more disturbed by this than the rage. 
"Wonderful," Erik says, turning to beam at Charles. "Charles is wonderful, isn't he?" 
"Does imprinting cause brain damage or what?" Raven mutters in Charles' direction. 
Erik narrows his eyes at her. "You don't think Charles is wonderful?" 
"He's a paragon of virtue, is Charles," Raven says cheerfully, grabbing her bag and getting to her feet. "Well, I should be getting home." 
Charles reaches out to try and grab her. "Raven, wait, Raven—" 
She easily sidesteps him and rushes towards the door. "Call me, Charles!" she says. "See ya, Erik!" 
"What was that all about?" Erik asks after Raven is gone. He drops to the couch and tugs at Charles. Charles laughs at him, before sliding over to straddle him. 
"Just visiting," he says. 
"Uh huh," Erik says, reaching down to cup Charles' ass. "And reminiscing about old times?" 
"You know I only have eyes for you," Charles reassures him, leaning down to kiss him passionately, laughing as Erik reaches up to steady his hips. Charles frowns and pulls back when 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Imprinting
Fluff
Crack
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Humor

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

