Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue

Voldemort cackled as he led the small party onto the Hogwarts grounds, "Harribelle Potter… IS DEAD!"
Harribelle listened as her friends and surrogate family called out in despair and gritted her teeth, forcing herself to remain still.

"Everyone! Listen!" Harribelle's heart nearly stopped as she heard Neville's voice, was that idiot doing?! "It doesn't matter that Harri's dead! She got us this far, the least we could do is finish the job for her; or do you all want her death to be in vain?!"

"Neville's right!" Ginny shouted, "For Harri!"

"For Harri!" Everyone echoed.

Harribelle's heart soared as she heard the groups cheer and she flipped out of Hagrid's arms, plucking her wand out of her sleeve, shocking everyone.

"It's you versus me, Tom, you cannot win!" Harribelle shouted, raising her wand to the snake-faced bastard.

"Potter! You may have escaped death once but you won't escape again for I hold the Death Stick, the Elder Wand!" Voldemort shouted, raising the aforementioned wand.

"But does the wand really belong to you Tom?" Harribelle asked, raising a brow at him, knowing it would anger him.

"Of course it does you infernal brat. Avada Kedavra!" Voldemort shouted, flicking his wand.

"Expelliarmus!" Harribelle shouted back, hoping the spell had been cast in time.

As the two spells connected, red hitting green, many looked away, not able to look at the light caused by the connecting spells.

"Give it up girl, you are too weak to overcome the great Lord Voldemort!" Voldemort shouted as his spell started to overpower Harribelle's own.

Harribelle grit her teeth, "I think not Tom!" She pulled the invisibility cloak out and wrapped it around her shoulders before dropping her spell, hoping her plan worked. She felt the killing curse hit her and she slid back a few feet but remained standing. It worked, the spell was useless now! She laughed in relief before sneaking around behind Voldemort as he spouted some crap about world domination now that Harribelle had run; or so he thought. She pressed the tip of her wand to the back of his neck, causing Voldemort to freeze. "You miscalculated, Tom. Sectumsempra!" She slashed her wand to the right, beheading Voldemort.

As Voldemort's head rolled from his shoulders, the bodies of the marked Death Eaters fell to the ground, dead. The dark mark that had tied their life force to Voldemort, had also tied their life-force to him; when he died, they did as well.

The silence that followed was deafening, then, suddenly, shouts of joy were heard.

"We've won!"

"Harri did it!"

"The-Girl-Who-Conquered!"

Harribelle let out the breath she had been holding and smiled, trying to push the fact she just killed someone to the back of her mind as her friends ran up to her and hugged her. It was over. They were free.  was free.

"Harribelle Potter You idiot!" Hermione yelled, practically tackling Harribelle to the ground, "I thought you were dead! We thought you were dead! I can't believe it's all over though! It just feels… I don't know, so surreal; as if this is simply a dream and I'll wake up any minute now. I'm so happy you're alive though!"

"Yeah Harri, you had us all scared. I thought you were gone for sure. Forget my joking about your acting skills through the years, you're a great actor. Scared the living daylights outta mum though. She'll want to see you by the way, probably chew your ear off, not looking forward to that." Ron said, throwing an arm around Harribelle's shoulders and smiling.

Harribelle smiled though, "I couldn't ask for anything more. I really just want something normal right now and your mum's yelling would be welcome. Besides, it's not like she'll pull me over her knee or something."

"I wouldn't put it past her really…" Ron said, scratching the back of his head before laughing at Harribelle's terrified face, "Don't worry Harri! Mum wouldn't do that. At least not here where everyone can see. Come on, let's go find them."

As Ron and Hermione went to lead Harribelle away from the fallen body there was a loud commotion and they looked behind them to see Snape limping towards them, his left arm missing. Harribelle pushed Ron and Hermione away and ran up to him, throwing her arms around him in a hug, "Professor! You're alive! I'm sorry I was such a bitch to you over the years, I didn't know."

"I am aware of that Ms. Potter but I do believe I need to see a medi witch." Snape said, too tired to even muster up a sneer.

"Right, right!" She looked back at Hermione, "Mione, could you get Madame Pomfrey? And hurry, please!"

Hermione nodded and ran off as Harribelle led Snape over to some rubble and forced him to sit down. "Do you need anything? Potions, water?"

"I have my own potions Potter." Snape sighed, "Sit down, you're making me tired just standing there."

Harribelle nodded and sat down, looking back towards the school, searching for Hermione and Pomfrey.

"Potter… Harribelle, you saw the memory I ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Hermione Granger/Steve Rogers
Luna Lovegood/Ginny Weasley
pepper pots/luna lovegood

freeform: 
fem!Harry Potter - Freeform
Canon-Typical Violence
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Non-Explicit Sex
Consensual Sex
Angst
Drama
Humor
Romance
Clothing Kink
Crossdressing Kink

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Hermione Granger/Steve Rogers
Luna Lovegood/Ginny Weasley
pepper pots/luna lovegood

