Work Text:
There’s something wrong, and Clint knows it the moment he wakes up.  It could be the fact it’s too dark in his room, or the fact his hair seems to have grown several inches overnight to fall irritatingly into his face, but it’s more than that, a general sense of not right beneath his skin and twisting in his stomach.  He knows not to ignore that instinct that too many years have honed in him, and carefully slides his hand under the pillow for the throwing knife he keeps there; not his strongest skill, but good enough in a tight spot, and easier than trying to sleep on top of a bow.  
Only what he actually finds is a gun; a small one that fits into his hand more naturally than a firearm ever has, his fingers curling automatically around it.
Clint rolls over and sits up, pushing off the sheets and making a handful of interesting discoveries, the most important being that he is now decidedly female.  Breasts, hips, vagina, the lot.  He can’t tell if this is just a really, really good hallucination, or if yet another one of those things no one ever trained them for has happened.  Everything feels real enough, as he pokes tentatively around; the calluses from the bow are gone from his fingers, and everything about him is decidedly smaller.  He drops the gun into the sheets and curls his fingers in his much, much longer hair, and reflects that they were briefed for torture and mind-bending drugs and all that other shit, but nobody ever said there was a possibility they might wake up in another body entirely.
It’s scary, of course it is, but at least he doesn’t seem to be injured and his mind seems to be mostly in one piece and, well, there are worse places to be stuck, Clint reflects, poking thoughtfully at a nipple.
And then something splinters in his brain, sending ice down his spine and oh, oh.
(Clint makes a mental note never to tell Nat that he realised he was inside her body by recognising her boobs.)
+
Getting into clothing is actually pretty easy – the bra is problematic for a couple of minutes but Clint’s gotten kind of good at navigating women out of them over the years, so repeating the process in reverse doesn’t take too long – and Clint’s just thinking that it’s pretty cool he’s ended up in Natasha’s body out of all the options available when another, much less okay, thought occurs to him.
“JARVIS,” he says and, yes, crap, that’s Natasha’s voice coming out of his mouth, “where is Clint right now?”
“He’s in his room, Ms Romanoff,” JARVIS responds placidly.  “Would you like me to tell him that you wish to speak with him?”
Clint weighs his options as he pulls on a pair of Natasha’s jeans.  “Nah, it’s okay, I’ll do it myself,” he says.
There’s a pause, and then JARVIS says: “...are you alright, Ms Romanoff?”
Clint swallows down a hysterical laugh, because if he loses his shit now then today really isn’t going to get any better.  Fuck, but he needs coffee and someone to blame.  “I have no idea,” he replies, which is probably not reassuring but is at least true.
He heads upstairs as soon as he’s dressed, because he needs to know who’s got his body.  He hopes, really hopes, that it’s Nat, not just because she’ll look after it, but because it’ll be better if whatever the hell this is is confined to just the two of them.  The other people in the Tower are Tony, whose heart runs on glorified batteries, Bruce, who turns into a green angry giant in times of stress, Steve, who can punch people through walls without meaning to, and Thor, who can conjure lightning by sneezing.  Clint thinks it would be really, really great if no one ended up stranded in a body they couldn’t control.  It might be kind of weird being stuck in Natasha’s body, but it could be so, so much worse.
When the door is opened by... himself, Clint has a moment of complete and utter panic, thinking a blurred jumble of this is what being insane feels like, isn’t it?  He sees the same expression reflected on the face in front of him, the face that he’s prodded and shaved and patched back together over the years, and knows then that, thank God, it’s Natasha in there.  He swallows.
“What have you done to my hair?” he asks.
It’s strange, seeing Natasha’s favourite eye-roll on his face.  “Your hair is stupid,” she tells him, swears in Russian, and then sighs: “we’re going to have to tell Fury, aren’t we.”
+
Fury... Fury doesn’t look impressed.
“You had better be kidding,” he says.
“I would love to be kidding, sir,” Clint says, tipping his chair back on its legs before realising that he doesn’t quite know how to distribute Natasha’s weight to balance properly and hastily letting it clatter upright again.  
“I hire you two because despite the fact you’re psychopaths and don’t do a damn thing you’re told, you’re competent and probably the best assassins available in this country,” Fury tells them.  “I expect Stark to pull this shit.  Not you.”
“Director Fury, believe me when I say this wasn’t exactly how I wanted to wake up this morning,” Natas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Crack
Bodyswap
Community: avengers_tables
Community: kink_bingo

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

