Work Text:
 “…And we’re just a phone call away. If anything happens, your father has his suit and we can be back here in half an hour, tops.”Peter rolled his eyes, half amused and half exasperated by his Pops constant worrying. “I know Pops; you’re only going to be in Malibu. You’ve told me this a thousand times already. You don’t have to worry about me, seriously, I’m seventeen years old.”“I’m your father, I’m always going to worry about you,” Steve responded with the same line he always did, the words sounding more and more rehearsed every time he used them.“I know, but try, yeah? This is your ten year wedding anniversary – you should be able to celebrate without spending the whole time thinking about what could go wrong here, but in reality, never would,” Peter answered, a pleading tinge to his voice.“Don’t worry kiddo, I’m sure I can think of a way to keep your Pops’ mind of things for a while,” Tony interjected into the conversation as he entered the hallway, Dummy behind him rearing off course under the weight of Tony’s suitcase. Peter winced when the poor robot hit the hallway wall with a loud crash – something told him he would need to fix that while the parents were away.Steve sighed with fond aggravation, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger. “Tony, what did I tell you about using Dummy for things you’re perfectly capable of doing yourself?”The man huffed with over exaggerated force. “Oh, something about it being like slave labour, but come on, what the point in creating him if you’re not going to use him to your advantage? Besides, he loves to help, don’t you Dummy?” he called over his shoulder.Dummy released a high pitch whirl that genuinely meant he was agreeing with whatever was being said. He stuttered to a stop at Tony’s side and carelessly dropped the case to the floor. It released a loud thud when it landed.“Jesus Dummy, careful with that,” Tony sighed, “Remind me to fix that when I get back.”Dummy lowered its head, saddened by the comments, before whizzing away, probably heading back to the labs below them.“Awh, poor Dummy,” Peter sympathised, “You could try being nicer to him.”“He knows I don’t mean it,” Tony brushed aside the concerns, in favour of opening his arms wide. “Now, come here son.”Peter willingly stepped into the hold and allowed his Dad to hug him. He knew it was probably lame to be seen happy to hug your parent’s goodbye, but he found he didn’t care much for that teenage tradition. His dads’ embarrassed him, yeah, but that didn’t change anything. Tony pressed a kiss to his son’s forehead, pulling back to smile widely at him.“Now, be good. Don’t wreck the house; don’t spend all your time in the lab; finish your school work; remember to wear clean underwear; don’t abuse JARVIS, he may be an AI but he can’t do everything for you, ya know?” Tony listed.“Kind of hypocritical coming from you,” Peter responded dryly, which, as usual, was ignored.“And no wild parties in the mansion or the Tower; if you go to a party, drink responsibly, use protection and don’t do drugs,” he continued.“Tony,” Steve scolded, although the smile on his face belittled his tone. He glanced at their son, “You’re not to go to any party without asking us first, are we clear?”“Crystal,” he saluted mockingly, “Anyway, if there was a party, I don’t plan on going. I thought I’d just relax – have a few friends over to watch some TV, play a few video games; maybe I’ll work on the upgraded version of the web shooters, while my homework load is relatively low.”“As long as you don’t start any practical tests,” Tony replied, seriously, “I don’t want this weekend to end quickly because you’ve fallen of the empire state building.”“That was one time, are you ever going to let that go?” Peter whined.“No, probably not,” his Dad grinned widely at him. “If you get them up and running for a demo in the lab, when we get back, your Pops and I will take you out to take them for a trial run, fair deal?”“Perfect,” he grinned in return, mimicking his father’s, “Have a good trip – and feel free to not tell me about what happened when you get back.”“No problem,” Tony winked, he pressed another kiss to his forehead, “Have a good weekend son.”Steve copied his husband. “Remember to phone us if anything happens.”“I will, promise, now go!” Peter shooed them towards the door playfully.He stood in the doorway and waved goodbye, as his dads’ loaded the suitcases into the back of the car, and climbed into the backseat for Uncle Happy to drive them to the airport. When the car disappeared along the driveway, Peter shut the door slowly.He restrained himself for about two minutes before he called him.   * Peter barely had a chance to say a word before Wade had grabbed him, kissing him like his life depended on it, pressing him against the hallway wall firmly. The younger brunet let out a surprised squeak that melted into a pleasured moan, his lips parting enthusiastically. Wade grinned, before taking what was offered, cl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Implied Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Overprotective Dads
Superfamily
superdads

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Implied Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

