Chapter 1: kappa sigma beta
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
If there was one thing Bucky Barnes hated in life, it was running out of beer. “Hey, Clint, can you grab the extra keg from the back room?  And - hey, you!” Bucky shouted at a kid that looked no older than sixteen, who was trying to sneak a solo cup’s worth of beer from the nearly-empty keg. “How old are you?”“Uh - nineteen?”“Can I see your ID?”The kid looked terrified. “Okay, I’m sorry, I’m sixteen, I just thought-”“Well, you thought wrong. Do you want to go causing trouble for our Greek system?” Bucky said, ripping the solo cup from the high schooler’s fingers.  “Trust me, buddy, you wanna get gone, or else when Clint gets back-”“Yes?” Clint said, appearing at Bucky’s elbow and setting the keg down heavily in front of him.Bucky turned back to where the kid had been standing, but he was gone.  “Thank god,” he said, breathing a sigh of relief.  “I thought for a sec we would have to drag him out of here. Let’s do a sweep, just to make sure none of his friends are hanging around - we don’t need that sort of trouble with the cops this weekend.” “Good idea,” Clint said, and disappeared into the throng of people that were crowding the kitchen.Bucky scrambled to attach the dispenser to the new keg, then went to check on booze levels at the counter’s impromptu bar - they were doing okay, but were a little low on vodka, so he pulled out another bottle from the cabinet above the microwave.Clint fought his way past three giggling freshmen girls from Tri-Delta and poured himself a liberal shot of whiskey, draining it in one swift motion. “Any more?” Bucky asked, craning his head over a Delta Tau Delta pledge to check on cups.“Just a couple,” Clint said, shrugging.  “You know it’s inevitable, Buck, they just wanna have a good time-”“They won’t be having a good time in my house after what happened last year with Alpha Sigma Phi, I can tell you that much.” It had been a scandal - thirteen high school seniors caught at one of their parties that just happened to fall on the same night as the local high school’s prom.  Between that and the usual hazing complaints that were filed yearly against nearly all the campus Greek houses, the school board had to take quick action to shut down their chapter of ΑΣΦ. Bucky would be damned if he let the same thing happen to ΚΣΒ. “You don’t say,” Clint said sardonically.  “You wouldn’t even let us torture the freshmen this year, what fun is that?”Bucky rolled his eyes, but smiled. He knew Clint was just joking, although there were many fraternities on campus that didn’t care much about what the school board thought and continued to haze the way they’d always done. Bucky had been careful with Rush this year, making sure that the process was fun, and maybe there was a little bit of hazing, but at the very least, it was safe. “Cry me a river. Now go grab some more chips from the pantry, we’re running low.” A great cheer erupted from the living room, and Bucky reluctantly left the kitchen to see what was going on. Some of the juniors had, it seemed, set up a beer pong tournament in Bucky’s absence, which, really not fair, because he was damn good at beer pong.  It was a point of personal pride. “Hey, James!” The shout rang out from the room behind him and he swung around to see Natasha Romanoff weaving her way through the crowd, a pack of young sorority girls fanning out behind her.“I see you brought the Delta Beta Theta delegation, then?” he said, grinning at her and beckoning her to the kitchen to pour her a drink. “I do my best,” she said, accepting about four fingers of straight vodka from the fresh bottle Bucky had brought down earlier.  Bucky had always been impressed with her ability to drink vodka as if it was water, but she just claimed it came from being brought up in a rural area of Russia where their only pastime was seeing who could drink who under the table.  “Good bunch this year, though - little heartbreakers,” she sighed happily as she watched her fellow sisters start mingling with the hordes of frat boys that usually came to the first ΚΣΒ mixer.Bucky snorted. “Where- hey!” he yelled, snatching a bag of pills out of the hand of a passing sophomore.  “What the fuck are these?  If you don’t want them going down the drain, get them the fuck out of my house.” The boy took one look at Bucky’s prosthetic arm and dog tags, and booked it out of the room. “Unbelievable. Anyways, where’s Pepper? I didn’t see her come in with you.”“She’s got a date or something,” Natasha said, swilling her vodka around.  “Some nerdy little engineering student, I’ve never heard of him before.”“He not Greek?” Bucky said, leaning against the counter and surveying the crowd, trying to keep an eye out for any more illicit drugs.  He didn’t mind the occasional joint in his house, but anything else was too dangerous to be seen within fifteen yards of a fraternity with the cops on such high a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
frat boy AU
Internalized Homophobia
First Kiss
Coming Out
Denial
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Slow Build
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Hurt/Comfort
Past Sexual Assault
Anal Sex
Rimming
dub-con drug use
As in tony spikes drinks
for total clarity here

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

