Work Text:
Thor’s biceps twitch, hard muscles shifting minutely under his golden skin. His fingers flex against the intricate headboard. He’s not tied down—not tonight, not unless he’s bad—but Loki’s ordered him to keep his hands where they are. And Thor obeys, even though he craves the bite of rough ropes twining around his forearms, binding him where Loki wants; the harder ropes around his legs and ankles, keeping him spread and exposed for Loki’s pleasure.But not tonight.Loki dips his head and blows softly on Thor’s dick—hard, dripping, waiting—and braces his hands on Thor’s thighs. He waits for his brother’s move, waits for Loki to push his legs apart and trace one long finger slowly around the pucker of Thor’s hole.He doesn’t. Thor knew he wouldn’t, that tonight is different, but he’s still disappointed. It makes something curl in his stomach, an awful feeling of wrongness that he knows comes from the utter backwardsness of their relationship. Loki is supposed to be the one pressed to the bed, hands fisting in Thor’s silk sheets, legs spread and face contorted in pain-pleasure as Thor pounds inside him. He’s supposed to bracket his little brother’s slim hips with his large, powerful hands, tug him close and spill inside him.Well, that last one will still happen tonight.Loki stands and lets the dark green robe slide off his shoulders, revealing his tight, lean body; his cock is half-hard, and there’s a slickness shining on his inner thigh. For a moment, Thor forgets himself, and lets go of the headboard. His hand is reaching out to touch Loki when he remembers and jerks it back, cringing.“Please, brother,” he murmurs. “I forget my place; forgive me.”Loki smiles, thin lips curling upwards, and ducks his head. His dark hair falls over his face, and Thor can’t see his eyes.“You are forgiven, dear brother,” Loki says. He places a hand on Thor’s sternum, digs in his fingers and drags his nails down Thor’s skin. Thor arches and cries out, stinging pain going straight to his cock. “After all,” Loki continues, his voice soft, “tonight is special.”He’s right. Thor can taste it. The powerful pheromones that roll off Loki in waves, crashing into Thor’s mind and sending him reeling. He can barely breathe in the presence of his intoxicating brother, can barely think; Loki has had five heats thusfar—five that Thor has been aware of, at any rate, and he suspects that there were many before and Loki simply left Asgard entirely for those. But the five heats since Loki allowed Thor to be his Alpha, since Loki staked his claim—unheard of for an Omega, though Loki is, undoubtedly, not like any Omega there has ever been—Thor has not been allowed to relieve him. Loki, instead, bound Thor to their bed or a chair or the wall and forced him to watch as Loki took himself in hand, worked his tight, wet hole on toys. He was forced to listen as Loki spoke amidst gasps and groans and asked Thor if he thought he’d ever be worthy enough to take Loki as an Omega. If he’d ever be allowed to let his knot grow inside Loki’s body and fill him with his come.Loki closes his sharp teeth on one of Thor’s nipples, and Thor jerks, muscles tensing painfully and then relaxing as Loki soothes the sting with his tongue. “Shh,” he says, smoothing Thor’s hair away from his face. “Be content, brother. Tonight, I have found you worthy.”Thor groans. His eyes flutter closed, then snap open as Loki pulls painfully on his hair. “Eyes open, Thor,” he says, voice pitched low. Almost a growl. Thor shudders. “Watch me.”He couldn’t tear his gaze away even if he wanted to. Loki straddles him, long, pale legs a stark contrast to Thor’s thick, golden limbs. He wants to place a hand on Loki’s flat stomach, wants to see how his fingers span the entire width of Loki’s waist, but he doesn’t dare take his hands from the board again. Loki reaches behind himself and his mouth drops open in a silent gasp, eyelashes fluttering, and Thor wishes he could see it—wishes he could see Loki’s long fingers pressing into his hole. He’s seen Loki take them before, seen Loki spread on fingers and toys, but Thor has never touched him there. And Thor is certain Loki has never taken a cock.Loki slides another finger into himself and his hips jerk forward, cock sliding against Thor’s stomach, and Thor groans. His own cock is still untouched, and he wishes Loki’s hand would move back just an inch, just enough to brush Thor’s erection and give him the friction he so desperately needs.But he can’t come yet. Not until he’s satisfied Loki’s need. Not until Loki lets him, and Thor doesn’t know if it’s because Loki’s enchanted him or because he’s simply trained Thor that well, but he knows that even if he tried, he wouldn’t be able to spill until Loki gives him permission.He whines softly in frustration as Loki slides his fingers out and holds them up, examining the way they glisten in the soft candlelight. He waves them in front of Thor’s face, and the scent hits Thor like a charging beast—the r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Rimming
Dom/sub
References to bondage

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

