Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It's two in the morning, and Steve is thrashing the bag.

For all the benefits the Serum affords him, the one he hates the most is that his stamina is unbeatable, even to himself.    It happens only rarely, but some nights he'd just like to get off and go to sleep, and all his prior attempts to do exactly that have ended in disappointment and chafing. He doesn't have to be a cutting-edge thinker to know that sexual frustration is... well, frustrating.  Before the Serum, it was never a problem; now he has urges with no desire, and he'd more accurately describe it as a side effect.

He outlasts himself, not just physically, but mentally; sooner or later he realizes it's been ten, fifteen, twenty minutes, lying in bed and stroking himself into this God-awful boredom.  It's pathetic, especially in the oversexed city he's found himself in. The billboards on the street are more risque than the pin-ups he used to like, and even they never really gave him the jolt that they seemed to give other guys.  They were only pictures, paper dolls; pretty in their way, but no more erotic in his eyes than postage stamps. They'd laughed at him then, assuming that he was just the faithful type, and that he only had eyes for Peggy or Bucky.  He figured they were right.

The one time he found himself desperate enough to actually brave the frightening online corridors  of modern sex entertainment, Steve found himself more than a little disgusted with the hollowness of it, the obvious, manufactured dullness; no different from the pin-up girls, just animated and done up in brighter colors and less natural proportions. He took an evening to himself, scanned the internet for something he might like, found most of it revolting, and then never bothered with it again.  He thinks it's starting to suggest he's somehow dysfunctional, that the Serum has desensitized him somehow; the thought makes him glad he's never had the chance to disappoint someone in bed with it.

And really, that's what makes it all so difficult, on nights like these; it's hard enough to let go of his time and the world he knows, and it feels so petty that this is the part of his humanity the Serum took from him.  He'd love to not need anything more complex than a pin-up girl and a few minutes alone to get a little bit of relief, but in the same way that he sometimes breaks dishes and bones without trying, the simple things just aren't enough for him.  It makes him think of Bruce and hate himself, because really, compared to him, what does any man know about losing himself?

So it's two in the morning, and Steve is thrashing the bag. It's not easy to exhaust himself; he can run marathons without tiring, he can fight for hours. The bags that Tony designed for him don't break down or burst open like the normal ones, they're heavier and filled with tougher stuff than sand, but they still can't take his full strength for very long. It's a problem Tony and Bruce have been working on on-and-off for weeks.

He lets his fists fly in a flurry of jabs, experiments with knee strikes; a right cross swings the bag back and forth, so he mimes a sidestep just to burn a little more energy, counters with an elbow strike, keeps coming at it until the thing pops off of its moorings and slides across the floor, ending in a heap a few feet away.

Steve curls his lip at it in distaste; hadn't even worked up a sweat yet.

He sighs, and goes to scoop it back up; the hooks have broken again.  Tony had fitted it with a magnet to keep exactly this from happening, but that piece seems to have broken off at the base, which means it'll need whatever piece of needlessly overcomplicated StarkTech craziness was holding it together repaired or replaced.  It'll have to go down to the lab. 

So he throws it over his shoulder and hauls it downstairs;  Tony and Bruce rarely get to sleep before three, especially not when they have a project, and they always have a project.  They should still be down there.

And they are.

It's a sight he'll be seeing when he closes his eyes for a long while:  Bruce, facing away from him, his shirt open and pooling on his elbows.  He's just barely sitting on the edge of the worktable and slowly rocking his hips back and forth, guided by a hand pressed against the small of his back.  His slacks hang loose on his hips, suggesting they're open, and it's not until he catches the faint outline of blue light on Bruce's thigh that Tony is kneeling in front of him.

When Tony stands up, Steve can see the wetness of his lips, the soft edge of his smile as he presses close against him, and murmurs softly into the graying hair at Bruce's temple.  "Too much?"

Bruce shakes his head minutely, dropping forward against Tony's shoulder.   A fine tremor runs through him as their bodies touch; Steve notices that his hands, locked in a kind of loose parade rest behind his back, are wrapped around the ends of a short steel bar.  "N-no-- but--"

"I see." The hand on B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stark Spangled Banner

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Voyeurism
Demisexuality
Masturbation
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
Angst
Science Boyfriends
Stark Spangled Banner - Freeform

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stark Spangled Banner

