Work Text:
“Foggy, you've got mail from what looks like an alumni foundation from somewhere?”Foggy groans and takes the mail when Karen hands it over. “If they want my money, they can't have it. Columbia keeps asking, they seem to have this fond hope that their matriculated lawyers make a living wage.”“If it were Columbia, I would have told you,” says Karen, rolling her eyes and taking the pile of probable junk mail and bills to her desk to sort, but Foggy is already staring in mild horror at the return stamp and doing some mental math. It's pretty easy math.His heart must be doing something, because Matt pokes his head out of his office and frowns at Foggy. “Mail call?”“I am suspecting this is the doom every kid who was unpopular in high school dreads. Or looks forward to, I guess.” Matt's still frowning, more confused than worried now, and Foggy sighs. “Karen, back me up here: high school reunion. Worst thing?”“It can't be that bad,” Matt says, although Karen's making a scrunched-up sort of face that says she knows exactly what he means. Which is weird, in retrospect, because Karen is very pretty and it's hard to imagine high school sucking for her.“You don't get to have an opinion here, you probably had people swooning all over you like in law school.”Matt snorts. “Yes, Foggy, the blind orphan who lived with nuns was very well-liked and popular.”Point. Both of them have always kind of avoided talking about high school. Foggy probably should have extrapolated from that, plus there's the whole post-trauma thing from Stick that Matt would have still been dealing with in high school. “Well then, you know exactly why I'm annoyed about this invitation.”“Come on, Foggy, it can't be that bad,” says Karen, and it's the opposite of convincing. At least she tries. “You're a lawyer with your own practice, you even got some press after Fisk. You think your classmates wouldn't be impressed?”“When you're as unpopular as I was, you don't come to the reunion unless you think you're going to out-and-out win it, and I think that's unlikely.”“You can't win a reunion,” says Matt, who is possibly the most competitive person in the world and knows that's a lie. Even Karen is giving him a pitying look, and Matt must be able to supersense that, because he sighs and shakes his head. “Don't go if you don't want to, but you have nothing at all to be ashamed of. I'll go if you need moral support. Unless Brett is going?”“Brett was a year ahead of me, thank God, Bess likes me way more than he does.”“You haven't even opened the envelope,” Karen points out. “It could be a plea for money after all.”Foggy opens the envelope. There's a cheerful clipart of balloons around the number 10 that is probably intended for kids' birthdays at the top, and then an invitation and an RSVP number and a cheerful note that it's organized by Stephanie Wallis, who once told him it was a pity he liked girls too because she could have used a gay friend. On the rare occasions he reminisces about high school Foggy kind of wonders if he isn't just filling in the worst parts of teen comedies. “If only. Is the shredder working, Karen?”She laughs, hand over her mouth. “Not right now. You've still got that dart you stole from Josie's, right? Use it for target practice, maybe that will help.”Foggy laughs. “Maybe I will.”Matt frowns from the door to his office because Matt is the poster child for facing your demons, but if Matt goes to his high school reunion he's going to show up looking like an underwear model so Foggy refuses to deal with his judgey expression.After a minute, Karen asks a question about their thoughts on charity donations and whether the fax machine is worth donating, and Foggy figures that's the end of it.

*
It's not the end of it, because Foggy sometimes forgets that he graduated high school with Cousin Meg.“If you don't go,” she says on the phone after his mother (the traitor) tells Karen (the traitor) that it's very necessary that he has a conversation with his cousin about important legal matters, “then everyone's going to think it's because you're scared. So you go, you have a few drinks, you keep a low profile and talk to the people in our graduating class who didn't suck, you spend a night in a hotel so you aren't on a twin mattress on your floor for at least one night, and you forget about it for another ten years.”“Excuse you, it is a full size mattress on my floor. Bedframes are for people with regular paychecks.”Meg laughs at him. “Come on, Foggy, I think you're overestimating the success of our classmates. You've got a law degree, you've got Matt—”“Matt does not count as a trophy spouse.”“Details,” says Meg, and Foggy really hopes Matt isn't listening to this conversation. He says he tries not to eavesdrop, but he also loves Foggy's family enough to be nosy. “Is he coming?”“It would be weird for him to show up to a high school reunion without the person who was actually invited. Unless you want to ditch Jeff and have a torrid affair, I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
School Reunion
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

