Work Text:
It started with a pack of the inquisitive hyenas the Midgardians called reporters. 
There were questions of every kind, from every side, as Thor strode next to him. Some of them were quite amusing. So amusing, Thor was distracted from the questions concerning himself.
“Mr. Barton, are you entirely ambidextrous, or just when it comes to shooting the bow? You appear to be able to shoot left- and right-handed with equal accuracy, and your loyal fans want to know…”
“Mr. Barton? Will you be switching to a uniform with long sleeves before the cold weather sets in? If so, would you be interested in an exclusive…?”
Hawkeye was indifferent. Until, suddenly, he was not.
“Mr. Barton—what was it like being under the control of the alien, Loki? You were completely powerless, correct?”
The Hawkeye’s confident stride seemed to falter, the sly amusement in his eyes wiped clean, replaced by cold, hard, blankness. Thor recognized the expression of a man recalling nightmares: those real as well as conjured, like whispering ghosts, in the dead of night.
“Were you aware of any of your actions while under Loki’s control?” another hyena joined the first, voice bright and cheerful, like a happy little bird taunting an eagle. Or a hawk. 
The gall of it. He might be the Hawkeye, but they were the carrion-feeders. 
“Mr. Barton, when Loki captured you—” the first hyena had that device called Micro Phone stretched out like she would assault the Hawkeye with it if he did not reply.
“—Enough of this,” Thor demanded, unable to keep the hearty indignation from his tone, for his temper was growing heated. He had not intended to step in front of Hawkeye, but the urge was nigh irresistible. The outstretched Micro Phone came only up to his chest, and he sneered down at it in contempt. “Be gone with this line of inquisition against a mighty warrior of Midgard. He has defended your planet, and you will show him the respect he deserves.”
A little path cleared through the throng of The Media, and all about they were subdued and less eager to approach with their recording devices and Micro Phones.  
“Friend Hawkeye,” Thor said, turning with a pleased smile, “let us go.”
Hawkeye had a thoughtful expression on his face. It was mysterious and full of deep ruminations, as was the Hawkeyed one’s want, but it was also amused once more, which was highly satisfactory. It was also, perhaps, grateful. 
The Hawkeye nodded. “Yeah. Let’s blow this popsicle stand.” 
Thor was beginning to understand these phrases better, in color of intent if not precise reference. 
“I have relished this delight you call popsicle,” he mused. “It tasted of grapes. Very sweet, and most refreshing.”
They were in motion again, shoulder to shoulder, as it should be.
“I prefer ice cream,” Clint answered, footsteps sure once again. “There’s this place that serves a salted caramel cashew that’s to die for. You game?”
“I will always willingly participate in a game that involves Midgardian delicacies, my friend.”
The hyenas were forgotten entirely. And the salted caramel cashew was indeed to die for.
***
The second time, Thor was visiting one of the ale houses that the Midgardians called a bar. He had become familiar with this particular one from frequenting it with his fellow warriors on previous occasions. It smelled of smoke, and beer, and companionability. A most fitting place to throw back tankards and laugh with amiable Midgardians. 
He had noted upon his entry the Lady Pepper and the Lady Natasha sitting at the long table where the drinks were poured. They had exchanged salutations, but Thor had then left them to their talk, for they seemed to have come for each other’s company, and each looked much wearied and in need of quieter speech and silent companionship than was his gift to provide.
Thor sought the corner where men hurled puny javelins at circular targets. It was like a children’s game for men too far into their tankards to manage more impressive feats. It was most amusing to awe them with his skills—tankard in one hand, and puny javelin in the other. He won much of the paper Midgardians valued as currency, but the others never minded very much because he generally used most of it in buying them all more to drink. 
It was when he sat to drain his third beer that he noted the man with the leering eyes and the loud mouth, seating himself next to the Ladies Pepper and Natasha. 
“Long day, ladies?” His words were offensive in tone, even unaided by the expression he wore. 
He thought he heard the Lady Pepper’s exasperated mutter, while the Lady Natasha rolled her eyes. They did not answer his rudeness, only turned to each other to converse the more studiously.
The inebriated man continued to intrude upon their space, edging closer in his seat towards Lady Pepper, whose back was firmly to him. Whatever he said next was a mere whisper that Thor could not discern. Such assumed intimacy, however, in and of itself, was the liberty of an uncouth swine.
Lady Pepper turned to s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Whump
Thor is Endearing
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Team
5+1 Things
Chivalry
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Team Feels
Comfort Food is the Answer
Angsty Schmoop
Real Guys Watch Pride and Prejudice

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor

