Work Text:
The morgue is cold and lit only with a pale blue light when Clint drops down from the ceiling.  It reminds him too much of Loki, that immeasurable time spent in blissful obedience, and it makes him sick to think, to remember what he'd done on Loki's command.  That's a huge part of the reason he's here.  Phil's death might not have been at his hands, but it's in his ledger all the same, no matter what assurances Natasha tries to give him.The others had wanted to come with him.  None of them trusts Fury and seeing a body's the only way to know Phil is actually gone.  They'd argued about it, the six of them, the way they're probably going to argue about most things when the world isn't falling apart in front of them, and each and every one of them has a good reason for wanting to be here.  To see the proof of Coulson's death for themselves.The Avengers is a group of cynics and skeptics.  Clint wonders if Fury realizes exactly what he's got on his hands without Coulson around to rein them in:  six dysfunctional personalities with enough combined technical know-how, questionable ethics, brains, brute strength, and training to do considerable damage if they wanted to.  Clint knows Phil's a master at making orders feel like suggestions and managing to make you feel like you did a good job even when he's dressing you down for something stupid.  But Coulson's not here.Clint had won the argument, or at least he'd yelled loudly enough the others had backed off when Clint said, "I'm the one going, and that's fucking final!"His winning probably had something to do with the bow in his hand, although he doesn't remember grabbing it, and with the tears Natasha said were falling off his cheeks.  He doesn't remember that either, but he's got no reason not to trust Nat about this.  It's Coulson, and he was their handler, the three of them a team to be reckoned with for years.  And before Tasha came along, he was Clint's handler and maybe that's enough.Maybe there's a hell of a lot more to it, but Clint's not ready to think about that.He steels himself in front of the drawer the records indicate houses Phil's body and offers up a prayer.  It's habit more than anything, ingrained by the nuns at the orphanage, and Clint's not sure he even believes in God, but if Phil's life can somehow be bargained for, a prayer is a small price to pay.  He'd get down on his knees and beg if he thought it would bring Phil back.He closes his eyes and slides the drawer open, met with a familiar rush of stale air from the refrigerated unit, and Clint's spent too much time with the dead.  This is why he tells himself to keep his distance from people, and every time, he fails.  Distance was supposed to keep him safe, stop this dull ache in his chest from ever happening again, but distance wasn't something that separated them so much as something that defined them for so long:  two voices on a comm link, an extra set of eyes on high, a back-up gun for an empty quiver.The drawer is stainless steel, antiseptically clean.  And empty.  Just to be sure, Clint checks every other drawer, faces the rest of the dead, some of whom are here because of his flawless aim.  He wishes he had time to apologize, but there are more important things:  he can't save the dead.  When he comes up with the thirteen other bodies that are supposed to be there, and not one of them is Coulson's, there's only one thing Clint can think.Nick Fury is a lying son of a bitch.*Phil can hear the low, soothing sounds of a cello being played before he reaches the door of the small blue house.  He pauses on the front step and lets the music roll over him like a wave.  It pushes some of the worry away, and Phil knows coming here was the right decision.  He hadn't been given a lot of choices, but Fury seemed to approve of this one.  (Of course, what Fury thinks he knows about Phil's   personal life and what he actually knows are two entirely different things.)Phil's hesitant to ring the bell, but the notes are slowing anyway, and he knows his scent has probably been caught.  As if to confirm it, the music stops altogether.  Phil waits.The door opens to a face that's familiar and friendly."I do have a doorbell, you know, Phil," Monroe says, giving him a once over.  Phil sees the minute twitch that probably means Monroe's caught the scent of the wound, although Phil had been straight-up with him about everything on the phone.  Well, almost everything."I hated to interrupt," Phil says honestly, and Monroe's smile guarantees Phil will have personal cello concerts for as long as he stays in Portland.Monroe reaches out to take Phil's suitcase, and Phil lets him.  He doesn't have anything to prove, and his left arm is in a sling anyway.  Loki's jab did a number on his body, inside and out, and Phil will be grateful when he can move without feeling exhausted after walking ten feet.The house looks exactly as Phil remembers it from the last time he was here.  Maybe six months ago, or a little
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Nick Burkhardt/Monroe
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Monroe (Grimm)/Phil Coulson (past)

freeform: 
Friendship
Slow Build
Developing Relationship
Humor
Angst and Humor
Slash
Canon Het Relationship
Injury
Hurt/Comfort
Jealousy
Romance
First Time
First Meetings
Backstory
Original Character(s)
Fix-It
Crossover
Action/Adventure
Supernatural Elements
Character Death Fix
Natasha Romanov is the best BFF a boy could have
there is a cellist
#coulsonlives

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Nick Burkhardt/Monroe
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Monroe (Grimm)/Phil Coulson (past)

