Chapter 1





Chapter Text
                “Parker, I don’t care if the great lord himself is the reason you’re behind on your rent.  What I’ve gotten from you are nine months of promises and excuses when I need nine months of cash.  Property in New York is expensive and I need your rent money to pay mine!  You’ve got three days to move your stuff.”  The mousy brunette ran up the stairs of the grimy apartment building after his equally grimy landlord. 
                “Please, you can’t do this.  I’ll get you the money as soon as I can, but without this I have nowhere to stay!”  Big brown puppy dog eyes pleaded up at the scowling old woman.  Her tan skin was wrinkled from years of smoking and the tired folds between her drawn brows showed no sympathy. 
                “You’re out, Parker.  Frankly, you’re lucky I’m not suing your ass.”  The heavy set woman turned on a swollen ankle and continued up the filthy stairs, ignoring a whimper of protest from the supposedly adult man behind her.  The yellowish glow in the hallway flickered as the old lighting system buzzed in familiar protest.  It only went to further remind Peter that he was begging to keep his six by eight foot apartment in this hellhole and failing. 
                Peter was heavy-footed as he dragged himself up the rest of the stairs.  He could feel the three day deadline like a noose tightening around his neck as he tried to come up with a plan.  Unfortunately, Peter had exhausted most of the job opportunities within walking distance and he had sold his bike two weeks ago to a homeless guy so that he could afford something to eat.  No one decent would hire someone who disappeared for hours on end with no explanation and Peter had already been fired by just about every minimum-wage employer in New York.  Being Spider-man was quite possibly the most frustrating thing the brunette could think of as he wrestled with the jerry-rigged lock on his apartment.  He was hungry, he was tired, his entire body hurt from fighting another no name asshole in spandex who got his hands on a photon blaster, and tomorrow he was about to start the whole process all over again. 
                Before the first light could find its way into Peter’s window, the alarm on his watch was beeping angrily, startling him awake.  When the adrenaline and terror finally started to ease from his system, he groaned miserably.  Dawn of the first day…  Somehow he had to scrape it together and beg his way into another apartment without a credit score or recommendation.  He had briefly considered staying with the Fantastic Four, but being homeless seemed more upstanding than freeloading on some of the hardest working people he knew.  He could see the headlines now: SPIDER-MAN FOUND SLEEPING IN A DUMPSTER.  Jameson would do just about anything to get a picture that degrading. 
                The rusted handle turned with a creak as Peter prepared for his morning “shower.”  He’d been doing his best keeping clean, but a sink does not a shower make, no matter how hard you try.  He scrubbed his face and underarms with soap and water and crouched in a way that required super-spider flexibility to wash his hair.  This may quite possibly be the lowest he’s ever been, but that means the only direction he could travel was up, right?  With the old Parker luck kicked into overdrive, Peter tugged on his tired old converse and headed down to the Daily Bugle to see if they needed any photography done.
                “Hey Marian,” Peter smiled sheepishly at the attractive red-head.  She smiled back politely before leaning forward, her breasts gently setting on the table (not that Peter noticed or anything) as she gave him a status report.   
                “If I were you, I’d get in there before his wife calls up again.  Mrs. Jameson’s been pretty insistent about him taking this Friday off,” She conferred conspiratorially.  He nodded gravely and after tugging his collared shirt as straight as he could, he knocked.
                “Go away,” Jonah hollered disinterestedly.  Thrown for a bit of a loop, Peter stared at the door awkwardly for a moment before knocking again. 
                “Damnit,” the old man yelled through the door.  “What the hell do you want?”  It was the closest Peter was ever going to get to an invitation from the man so he let himself in. 
                “Mr. Jameson,” Peter started.
                “Oh, Peter.  It’s you…  What the hell do you want?” he asked again. 
                “I’ve been really short on money lately and I’m about to lose my apartment.  You don’t have any work I could be doing or…?”
                “Of course I do, Parker,” Jonah said almost amicably despite not looking up from the paper under his nose.  “You’re a freelancer.  You want to make some money?  Get me some shots I can work with!”  His temper flared wildly as he looked into the cold blue eyes of his “employer.” 
                “But sir,” he started through clenched teeth, “I’ve brought yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Enthusiastic Consent
Past Relationship(s)

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

