Chapter 1: Fair torch, burn out thy light
    




Chapter Text
In hindsight, it was probably a mistake to aggravate Böðmóðr. 
Loki had seen the hidden streak of malice in his heart, and used it for his own entertainment, teasing forth great and melodramatic scenes of jealousy. He enjoyed it at first, the ease with which he could create in Böðmóðr great fits of passion. But what was first a plaything quickly became an irritant; later, in the young prince’s fit of impatience to greet his new paramour, he had forgotten that one such as Böðmóðr would not be docile in his role as the jilted ex-lover.
And so, it has come to this: a thick, hard cock embedded deep inside him, the stimulation wracking through his nerves; streaks of sweat rolling down and rubbing between two bodies; and Odin’s shocked and angry gaze, urged from Böðmóðr’s revelation, pinning them from the doorway, his eye hard and glittering in the dim light.
The man on top of him rolls off immediately and scrambles to cover himself, while Loki sits up slowly, drawing a sheet around his shaking body. He avoids Odin’s eyes, carefully keeping his expression blank, while his heart yet raced from lust, and added shame, anxiety and anger in equal measure. 
He flinches when Odin snarls at the poor man attempting to escape the king’s wrath. With a sweep of Gungnir he flies almost comically through the air, landing heavily on his back, sliding a good few arm’s length along the corridor and lay unconscious. To Loki, the Allfather says coldly, “Dress yourself. I expect you at the throne room in ten minutes.”
He nods, numb and shaken, and reaches for his strewn garments. 
 
Loki fully anticipated that whatever forthcoming punishment was being drawn, it was sure to be painful and humiliating, and almost certainly public. Perhaps he would be sent off to some faraway realm to slay a monster. That would not be so bad; if he were killed, at least it would restore honour to the house and his name.
Hence his surprise, when arriving at the throne room, to see Odin alone and sitting rather rigidly in his throne. Asgardian tradition was to sentence such a traitor with witnesses at court, to give a properly disgraceful send-off. He searches his father’s face for hints of forgiveness or understanding, but finds instead unyielding anger and disappointment. 
“You have brought shame to my bloodline,” Odin hisses, his grip on Gungnir whitening his knuckles, “you have not only lain with man, but also allowed yourself to be defiled in the position of woman. You have opened our house to the slander and disrespect of the Nine Realms. You have betrayed the purpose of our gender, the duty as prince, and the honour of Sigyn your betrothed.”
“Allfather - ” Loki begins, but is silenced with a wave of his father’s hand. 
“Be calm. Despite your sins, I do not hold you personally guilty of this; I am certain that this is the work of some foreign enchantment, some curse hidden within you. Fortunately, there is a way to remedy this.  A way to reverse this – aberration you have wrought.”
Loki simply waits, expression shuttered. 
“We shall fight this curse with the element from whence it came from. The Vanir have long studied – “
“No!” The exclamation leaves his tongue before he could stop himself. 
Odin’s face is graven. “You know of this method, then.”    
“Ay, Allfather.” It is a branch of Seiðr, a magic which purpose is to purge perverse lust from the body by sickening passion with mortification, and killing desire with pain – a ritual that calls upon close members of the household to perform the task. In Loki’s case, the elder sibling. 
He imagines Thor’s brow, creased with grief and disgust as he fights to wield desire for his own brother. Thor, who gives his embraces and kisses so chastely and freely, whose lips are always in readiness to quirk in a smile or laugh, who proclaims his love so easily and sincerely, whose eyes in all of Asgard light up upon sighting Loki. Thor, whom Loki only in his most secret and shameful dreams allow to touch and possess.
Odin would have Thor share the pain of Loki’s mistakes. He cannot bear it; he would not allow it. 
“Not Thor. Please, father, if you still regard me as son. Anyone but Thor,” he is unable to keep the pleading note from his voice.
The king regards the anguished lines in Loki’s face. “Thor is not in Asgard as of the moment,” he states. Loki’s shoulders sag in palpable relief. “Hence I shall delegate this heavy burden to a few worthy warriors, guards of my most intimate circle. Prepare yourself.” He gestures towards the door, looking suddenly weary. “You are dismissed.”
 
What Odin meant by “prepare yourself”, Loki could only guess. Nevertheless he indulges himself in a long bath in an attempt to slow his breathing, which does not entirely work. His muscles twinge and he jumps at sudden sounds. He feels sick at the stomach and grits his teeth against threatening tears and the thought of Thor, and how pathetic and undeserving he is of his b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/OMC

freeform: 
Mildly Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con References
Gangbang
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/OMC

