Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)Tony always had the best toys. Without his equipment the series of genetic analysis Bruce had completed in a week would have taken years with a full team working on it, and even then he doubted they'd have discovered the anomaly. It probably didn't mean anything. Even though that gene sequence was... odd... well, evolution is a process of mutation, and most mutations cause so little change they don't matter. And really, if it was going to be a health problem, it would have shown up by now. Everyone else had checked out as expected. His and Steve's cell structures were complicated because of the treatments they'd undergone, but explainable within that context. Thor's alien DNA was, well, alien, but the differences lay more in lack of flaws than anything else. Natasha and Clint were simply extraordinary people.The sequencer beeped again. Another anomaly? Multiple mutations are rare. Another beep. Bruce took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose even as the sequencer gave another alert. Ok. Great. Tony was going to be down in the lab any minute, poking at him to come play Team Science. "Jarvis!""Yes, Dr. Banner?""Collate anomalous gene sequences from the on-going analysis, identify origin." Bruce turned off the alert sound, but let the display continue highlighting anomalies. There were a lot of them."Origin has been determined," Jarvis said, a few minutes later. "Anomalous sequences are consistent with Felis silvestris catus.""Cat? Who's getting a cat?" Bruce jumped at the unexpected voice. "Oh! Hi, Tony." He had never thought about it before, but Tony's ability to pad up soundlessly... no, no, Tony is not a cat. he's just... he has a little genetic anomaly. "I should have put a no pets clause in the lease. Oh, yeah, I forgot to have you guys sign a lease."  Tony got into Bruce's space, leaning against him to poke curiously at the holo display. "Huh. that's... weird. Isn't it? I mean, biology's not really my thing, but... why does this file have my name on it?"Bruce cleared his throat. "Um."Tony tilted his sunglasses down his nose and looked at Bruce, who couldn't help imagining that Tony's mustache was twitching like a cat's whiskers. "Very informative. Got bored and decided to run some mad scientist simulations? You should have called me. I used to play El-Fish. Kinda hypnotic, watching weird fish swim.""Ah. It's not a simulation.""But it has my name on it." Tony stared at the display, where Jarvis had now helpfully labeled all the non-human sequences as catus. "So... It's a joke? Yeah. Good one, Bruce." Tony grinned. "Pull that one on Legolas, paste in some bird genes... what... well, I think It's funny. Why aren't you laughing?""Because it's not a joke. You're transgenic.""Damn." Tony looked at his hands, and then patted his chest. "I don't feel any different. I wonder which magic-using idiot did it and what it'll take to get them to reverse it. Have to pull up the mission files and see...""Tony. This didn't just happen, and it's not something you can undo." Bruce felt very bad about this. Tony looked like he was on the edge of panic and holding it off by denial. "It's you and it's the way you were born.""Look, that's impossible. No one, and I mean no one, had the technology to even begin to attempt gene-splicing back then. Hell, they hadn't even managed to use a horsehair to split a frog egg to clone it! Not that I'd put it past dad to have tried but he didn't have the tools!"Bruce had been thinking about that, and while he didn't like it, he had an answer. "He had the Tesseract.""Fuck." Tony stared at Bruce for a few more seconds, then turned and, well, fled. "That didn't go so well." Bruce said.

***
Tony came back an hour later, smelling more than a little of whiskey. "Did you tell anyone?""No." Bruce turned to face Tony. "I wouldn't, you should know that.""Yeah. I should. Cat, huh. Could be worse. What if dad had a lab rat handy?""We don't know that it was deliberate," Bruce said carefully. "I mean, really, we don't understand the Tesseract today. It might have just been... proximity, if your family had a pet cat and your mother helped with experiments. He may never have known what happened." "My dad called me 'his greatest creation'. And we never had any pets. I remember once asking if I could have a cage bird or goldfish. He damn near choked on his drink. Yeah. He knew.""I read about your father. He'd worked on the Manhattan project. Maybe he was afraid his genes had been damaged, and he was trying to use the Tesseract to make sure you'd be healthy.""Why use a cat to patch in flawed sequences? He could have borrowed some patriotic young soldier for an experiment.  Cap isn't the only selfless idealist in uniform, not even these days.""I...
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Community: avengerkink
Animal Transgene
Transgenic
Hurt/Comfort
Humor

fandom: 
None
