Work Text:
The thing is, they'd already been through this once, had almost lost Steve a couple of years ago, when Steve lost Peggy after a long, drawn-out battle with ovarian cancer. It's only because Bucky got himself some hardship leave and came home that Steve hung on. Only because he couldn't make Bucky go through what he'd just been through. So when Steve opens the door one day to see two officers standing on his doorstep, their presence telling him the news before they even open their mouths, he doesn't know what he's going to do. The future, which once seemed to hold such bright promise, now stretches out ahead of him blank and dark. He grew out of his childhood asthma years ago, but suddenly his chest is tight and he can't breathe, and  the edges of his vision go black. He retreats back into his shambles of an apartment and doesn't come out for weeks.That numb indecision is probably what saves his life. Or, rather, what gives Tony and Pepper the time to come up with something to anchor him to it now that Bucky's gone. Missing in action, they said, but that was just a false way to say dead and gone. Missing. Lost. There was still some faint vestige of hope clinging to those words, and Steve couldn't bear it, couldn't bear the thought of hope again, not after everything else. He knows, vaguely, that Tony'd used every connection he had left to discover the truth, but Steve doesn't need to see satellite photos or even, eventually, the box of ashes they said were Bucky's remains, to know the truth in his bones.Four months later, he finds Tony and Pepper on his doorstep instead, Pepper looking kind and Tony looking awkward, as they tell him they need his help."Tony bought me a bakery," Pepper says after Steve invites them in. "The only thing I know how to bake is Pillsbury biscuits. You know, the ones from the can?"Steve stands at the sink, washing out mugs so he can give them tea he doesn't really want to make and they don't really want to drink."But you--you've got a real talent, Steve," she says, looking at him with earnest, hopeful eyes."And it would really help us out," Tony adds, looking up from his Starkphone. "It's only a few blocks from here, so you wouldn't have to move or anything." "Why don't you get dressed and come see it?" Pepper says. "It's a lovely day."To this day, Steve doesn't know what he was expecting when they walked the three blocks over to the bakery, with its bright white Formica countertops and gleaming chrome appliances, and the cheery anthropomorphic teapot on the sign above the door. Of course Tony had named it after Pepper, and Steve was okay with that, didn't want his name up in lights ever again, even if those lights were just over the door of a bakeshop. He doesn't know what he was expecting, but it wasn't to fall a little bit in love. It looks like the bakeries of his childhood, though it doesn't have the same sugar and yeast smell yet. He'll take care of that.As soon as his lease is up, he moves into the apartment above the bakery, as if bad news won't find him there just as easily. Still, Tony owns the building and charges him a symbolic dollar-a-month rent for both the apartment and the shop, and it's the closest thing to a new start he'll ever get.Natasha is the first to hire on. A friend of Pepper's who ran her own cupcake and wedding cake business out of her apartment, she'd needed room to expand and Steve had been happy to provide it. He's a bread maker--it's what he knows and likes best: flour, salt, and yeast coming together to produce the most basic and yet most delicious staple of life. The fussy vagaries of cakes irritate him, though he's competent enough at the basics. It suits Natasha right down to the ground, though. She's the most intense baker he's ever met, and her wedding cakes are fluffy tiers of perfection for which they often charge exorbitant prices that make Steve feel guilty (which is why Natasha doesn't let him deal with the brides or the brides' mothers).Bruce is next, trying to rebuild his life after a messy divorce and several years of being on the downward spiral due to what he chooses to call anger management issues. Steve has never pressed him on it; he seems pretty mellow most of the time. Supposedly, baking is his form of stress relief, and he's a genius with flavors, especially in cookies. He's always looking for that perfect bite, and if sometimes even Steve can't taste the difference between this batch of madeleines and the next, he's learned better than to say so.Darcy showed up the day they opened, took one look at Steve's harried face behind the counter, and signed on as the manager. She's got a gift for it that rivals Pepper's, and she knows her way around a Kitchen-Aid well enough to help out when things get hectic. Steve has a lot of friendly acquaintances in the neighborhood, all of whom somehow (thanks, Tony) know about his series of heartbreaking losses, and they all make it their business to buy his bread. And then the word s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Bakery
therapeutic breadmaking
reunionating
Schmoop

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

