Work Text:






It even took Tony Stark a few weeks to figure out the odd side effect of the new element powering his arc reactor core. Beyond the not 'poisonous and slowly killing him' thing, which was good. And the increased power levels which pretty much fit his definition of awesome. No, when he said 'odd,' he meant odd. The darned thing made the reactor glow change colors. Not all the time – one of the reasons it took so long for him to notice. Like the palladium core, day in and day out it glowed light blue. But at random intervals it also gave off white, red, green or purple light. Never lasted long – often not more than a flash of color before he noticed it and the thing instantly went back to light blue. So random color changes that neither affected him nor interfered with the output -- definitely odd, but before he could devote any time to figuring it out, the Loki-Avengers shit hit the fan.

 
One world-invasion thwarted later, the Avengers descended on the remains of a small neighborhood restaurant to appease Tony's desperate need to find out exactly what shawarma was. Turned out to be meat on skewers and the perfect thing to eat while unwinding from … saving the world. No, that was never not going to sound equal parts awesome and terrifying. In any case, unwinding, they definitely had the need to unwind. Except, small flaw in the plan – only thing keeping them all conscious was adrenaline. Losing that left them with barely enough energy to chew, so talking was pretty much a no go, leaving Capsicle spit out of luck if he'd hoped for a team-bonding thing.Tony might have taken the opportunity to smirk or something, but, nah, no energy. Besides, Rogers had pretty much face planted into his palm with only the whole chewing thing proving he hadn't frozen solid again. Yeah, so finish this stuff, then bed. Maybe right here. Floor, table, all looked better to him than trying to travel the million miles (two blocks) back to his poor Tower and comfy bed. He'd assumed the others were surreptitiously eyeing surfaces for enough debris-free space to conk out on, so he jumped when Natasha shattered the whole 'silent, catatonic chewing' thing they had going on. "Stark, why is your damned light white?"Tony's only solace in the way the loud, scary lady made his heart pound was that everyone had so jumped as hard as he had. He glared at her, looked down at his chest to see the usual light blue, then favored her with another glare.Unimpressed she continued to stare at his chest. "Huh."Could have left her hanging, but there was still the 'scary' part and he'd gotten enough bruises for today. "Random fluxuations in the core output. Nothing to worry about." And hey, speaking of side effects, the adrenaline spike caused by her … outburst had made two blocks seem a lot more manageable. He stood, intent on getting out of here while the getting was good, but then he made a disastrous tactical error – he looked at his teammates as he opened his mouth to say 'been fun, kids, let's not do it again soon' and saw the most pathetic group of exhausted, battered people this side of a war zone. Somehow this confused the signals to his tired brain and he heard himself say, "Come on. There are enough bedrooms in the Tower for all."And somehow that translated into them moving in with him, lock, stock and deadly toys.








Beyond the penthouse itself, the Tower hadn't sustained much damage, but the surrounding area hadn't been so lucky. So after crashing for a few hours, Tony crawled into one of his older suits, and let Iron Man help on clean-up detail. And for the record, the corpses of those giant alien things were a bitch to dispose of. Stank to high heaven, too. Even through the suit filters.Thor helped, and right in the midst of all the … squishy lifting, he said, "Man of Iron, your chest glows a sickly yellow. Are you certain all is well with you?"This time he reacted fast enough to catch the faint glow of what Thor saw before things went back to light blue. "Yeah, no problem. Now where do we put these things?"








Even Tony noticed the black pulse of light when they found a young woman's body crushed beneath one of the alien sky sleds.








During hour 22 of the great clean-up, Clint pointed out that the longer they worked, the whiter the reactor glowed.








"Get that red light out of my face, Stark," Fury snapped after he'd told them Coulson wasn't as dead as he'd claimed. "It was a necessary strategy to get your collective heads out of your asses long enough to save the damned world, so pardon me if it upset you, because that was the whole fucking point!"'Red light?' Tony frowned in confusion wondering how he'd earned a sexual harassment warning, then thought to look at his chest – light blue – and wait, a damned minute, "Fury, you, manipulative son of a –"








Never shy to take advantage of his money, Tony made a phone call and by the time it was his turn to visit Coulson, he had a brand new vintage set of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

