Chapter 1: Fallen
    


Summary:

Midgard is not kind to a powerless Jötunn.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
That first sevenday, when the air remained still sweet and soft, and kept its balance between summer and autumn, Loki assured himself frequently that things would not be so terrible. His magic had been taken from him, true, but did he need magic to consort with mere mortals?  He found it easy enough to steal human raiment and dress himself in it—raiment of good quality, so that he would be recognized for the prince he was, blue skin or not, crimson eyes or not.A prince, a god, an immortal—by human standards, at least.  The golden thread of his life might have tarnished slightly, but he would have it brighten again, his fortunes restored, his tormentors punished.What had that Midgardian play-maker written?  “If I had my teeth, I WOULD bite.”  Oh, but Loki intended to have his teeth again, and then would he make such retribution the great oceans round Asgard would surge red with it.  He would find a way.  A plan would reveal itself to him.Meanwhile, the better to think, he walked the streets of New York City with head held high, disdainful of the mindless scurry of the ants around him.Few regarded him closely—but then, they avoided their fellow mortals in much the same way, filled with the sicknesses of distrust and indifference, otherwise absorbed with the small, flat boxes or metal and glass each seemed to carry along with them wherever they wandered.  It amused Loki when the rare human, beholding him, actually registered the sight--when a jaw dropped, or eyes went wide, before the unfortunate tore his gaze away and hurried off in haste.Loki wondered, truly, what they took him for. Laughable, idiot creatures.On his first night in the city, after he overcame the numbness and disbelief that assailed him for some hours after his fall, Loki discovered an ancient ash in the great, nearly untenanted central land of meadows, lakes and trees, and made it his temporary home.  He liked to climb up into its branches and perch with eyes closed, listening to the whisper of the wind in the leaves, or the chatter of the numerous bold, fat, gray squirrels.  He amused himself by composing lies to tell them, as if the mundane little beasts were Ratatoskr and would bear his falsehoods to the Allfather’s ears, bringing confusion thereafter to all his hated not-father's plans.Nights he lay cradled in the ash’s crooked roots and wished Niðhӧggr would get on with things and gobble up Yggdrasil and the Nine Realms entire, doing away with the whole sorry mess.  In darkness Loki's plots all seemed far away, harder to hold onto than water in his hands.  In darkness, alone, he felt small, powerless, blind.He felt as if something--not his magic, but some other distinct, and equally crucial, part of himself--had begun to slowly slip away.That first sevenday, however, passed uneventfully enough.Prone upon a thick branch high above the heads of mortals, on the cusp between the old week and the new, Loki sipped from a bottle of stolen too-sweet mead and watched the great stars wheel their slow, stately dance in the Midgardian sky above him.  The liquor sang in his veins, stronger now that he was…Loki’s shoulders tightened, and his fingers took a death-grip round the neck of the bottle.“Now that I am... as I am,” he said aloud, softly, then frowned at himself, and drank deeply, the liquor flaming in his stomach like the fires of Muspelheimr.I ought to have killed my father, he thought, clutching the bottle so tightly its glass walls cracked within the cradle of his hands.  No, killed Odin. Never my father.  I ought to have killed Odin, not merely secreted him away as I did.Except he knew he would not have been able to complete the act, not with powers a hundred times greater that he'd ever known,  His heart was ever set in a precarious balance, hate on the one side, love on the other--and, oh, how Loki hated the old god.Yet, oh, how he'd once loved him as well.Loki thought about how the others of Asgard said he possessed no heart at all, that he was made up only of lies, lies piled upon lies upon lies.And Loki thought of the worst lie he had ever told, the lie with only one word to it, that word being the "No," with which he denied his dear mother, spoken from the pain-filled depths of his proud and hurting heart.He would take the word, the lie, back in a single beating of that heart, given only the briefest chance. He would take his mother’s strong but gentle hands in his own, calling her by the kindest name he knew, and resting his head upon her shoulder, just to know the smallest sweetness again, the sweetness and peace only she brought to him, somewhere in his life, if only for a moment. Somewhere between midnight and dawn, rain began to fall.  The air remained warm, however, and the rain itself scarcely more than mist.  The worst effect, Loki discovered when he woke in th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Steve Rogers
Frigga & Loki
Bruce Banner & Loki
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Loki
Phil Coulson & Loki
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Team as Family
Loki Redemption
Homelessness
Misery
Loss of Powers
Jötunn Loki
Loki-centric
Loki Angst
Loki Has Issues
Loki Feels
Loki Needs a Hug
Protective Thor
Thor Feels
Protective Bruce
Protective Steve
Awesome Frigga
Odin's Bad Parenting
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Tony-centric
Alcoholic Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Thor Is a Good Bro
Break Up
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Steve Rogers
Frigga & Loki
Bruce Banner & Loki
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Loki
Phil Coulson & Loki
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

