Chapter 1





Chapter Text
I watched the clock intently, absentmindedly rubbing my slightly swelling stomach. JARVIS confirmed safe arrival of the team at 9:30pm. That gave him time for an hour debriefing... so that’s 10:30...then a shower and medicals that brings us to 11:30...so where the hell was my super soldier? JARVIS had said they were all home. I got up and walked to the window as if to catch sight of him under the streetlamps, stupid really. I was getting antsy, pair that with super frickin’ bored and you have one highly strung pregnant girlfriend on your hands.
As if he could hear my thoughts, the door clicked open and in he trudged bringing all the bad weather with him. Stood there in the dark I could see how frightening he may seem to some of his...victims. 6ft 2, built like a brick wall and head to toe in black. This time though it was a black t-shirt and sweatpants after his shower and check-up. Those pants hung just right...the way where if he lifted his arms you could catch a glimpse of that hard cut V and oh so happy trail...
'Baby I was beginning to get worried, JARVIS told me all went well but like, I was just sat here and...' With an absent minded kiss on the side of my head and a gentle rub of my bulging belly, Bucky walked straight past me mid-sentence, his face the picture of thunder. Well if Mr Moody would like to respond... He took a beer from the fridge and tapped it down on the table in the way I hated, popping the cap off and taking a swig. With a heavy sigh he dumped himself down on one of the small kitchen table chairs. That bad huh? You see, It’s not often he comes home in such a bad mood after missions but occasionally it does happen.
'There were casualties then?' I ventured. I know that when he’s like this it’s best to tread carefully lest I ignite any unwanted memories, then he becomes a self-loathing brooder for a week and honestly I have other shit to deal with. Let me tell you a moody assassin is no fun to live with, especially when you're 6 months pregnant and your hormones are playing hell with you. You try to convince your baby-daddy to go shopping for dresses cos nothing fits you anymore, oh never mind. Point is my man is down and I don’t know what to do about it.
'Do you want me to run you a bath baby?' I tried,
A slight shake of the head.
'I could fix you something to eat?'
He takes a swig of his beer. Succinct!
'How about...'
'On your knees' he spoke barely audibly.
'Bucky wh...'
'On. Your knees' he commanded, louder and sharper than before. His eyes travelled to mine, a silent challenge to disobey him. Oh I see where this is about to go, I know this Bucky and I like him very much...
We often engaged in rough sex but only occasionally, in times like these, after a long difficult mission that took it’s toll did he take out his frustrations in what I considered the most heavenly way possible. Since we found out about the baby though, he’d toned it down considerably, much to my disappointment. He was a doting boyfriend and father-to-be but it was no secret around the tower that he was over-protective and leaned towards self-loathing introspection. So when I announced the big news he took it upon himself to halt any particularly rough ‘hanky-panky’ lest he hurt me, spoil sport.
With that in mind, it was with pure delight that I obliged to this unexpected command. Kneeling before him on the cold wooden floor, I had my hands pressed neatly onto my thighs just the way he liked it. I looked up at him flashing him an innocent Oh whatever could happen next expression. Taking one last long swig of his beer eyeing me up hungrily like something he was about to (heres hoping) eat he stretched out his long legs. 'Come' he demanded.
I crawled on my hands to between his thighs, careful to sway my hips and stretch out my back, showing off my ass before i stroked up and down his muscular legs, they really were firm underneath my hands. He took my chin in his hand and tilted it up to see him.
'Daddy’s had a rough day princess and he’s going to fuck you long and hard until he’s relaxed' Glad to see he didn’t leave all of the winter soldier behind him after that mission...
I immediately felt the result of his words between my legs. My muscles gave a tight involuntary squeeze and I bit my lip. Already I felt a hot wetness collecting there, I was aching to be touched, it’s been so long. Oh it was so fun this game and he was so good at it. He stroked my hair then quickly grabbed it, twisting it around his wrist pulling my head back. He leaned forward and kissed my exposed throat making me gasp with pleasure. Biting and sucking my sensitive flesh I wandered my hands over his taught thighs, feeling the long rigid length underneath the material.
I slid my palm along his manhood, feeling the heat underneath and he growled at the sensation. Leaning back again he yanked his pants free exposing his large manhood. Pulling me by my hair he kissed me roughly on the mouth, 'Service your man, princes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
bucky / reader
bucky /oc
bucky / ofc
bucky x reader - Relationship
Bucky X Oc
bucky x ofc - Relationship
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Bucky Barnes x OC - Relationship
Bucky Barnes x OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dominant Bucky
bucky smut
bucky fluff
Bucky Feels
Bucky Angst
recovering bucky
Dominant Bucky Barnes
bucky barnes smut
Bucky Barnes Fluff
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Angst
recovering Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Dominant Winter Soldier
the winter soldier smut
The Winter Soldier feels
the winter soldier fluff
bucky x pregnant oc
bucky barnes x pregnant ofc
First Time
rough bucky
rough bucky barnes
bucky love
bucky confesses his love
the winter sodlier confesses his love
dominating Bucky
dominating bucky barnes
buckys baby
buckys child
Daddy Bucky
daddy bucky barnes
bucky sex
bucky barnes sex
Stucky - Freeform
One Shot
bucky one shot
bucky barnes one shot
Pregnancy
Angry Sex
Angry Bucky
Angry Bucky Barnes
angry bucky sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
bucky / reader
bucky /oc
bucky / ofc
bucky x reader - Relationship
Bucky X Oc
bucky x ofc - Relationship
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Bucky Barnes x OC - Relationship
Bucky Barnes x OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

