Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peggy Carter mourned Steve Rogers, of course she did; she'd loved him, and in his awkward way he'd loved her. But she was a young woman, with a career and the world laid out in front of her, and eventually she moved on. She had other lovers, some she even loved. He was, after a time, the boy she'd lost in the war, and there were millions of women like her.
Howard Stark didn't move on. Steve had been his friend and his project. He searched for him until the day he died. But Howard was not the kind of man who could have just one obsession, so he searched, and he worked, and he made his fortune, and he chased anything in a skirt. He chased Peggy ceaselessly, and she never said yes until one day she saw him in a magazine, a photo taken at some reception, and he looked tired. He was growing old. And she realized she was too -- tired, and growing old, and Howard understood things about her nobody else ever would.
So the next time he came knocking, she said yes.
A little over fifteen months later, Antonia was born.
***
"Are you always going to be this way?" Daddy asks her, when she's five.
Antonia, dangling off the barrel of a cannon Daddy's working on, considers it. "What way?"
"This way. Here, getting underfoot, playing with guns."
She pauses, and then with a toss of curly hair, says, "Probably. A child's personality and inclinations are set by the age of five."
She read that in a book Mommy had and didn't want her to read. Mommy doesn't want Antonia to know that she's worried about her. Antonia's not upset; Mommy will see she doesn't have to worry. (Tony will figure out in about two decades that the book was wrong, anyhow.)
Her father looks down at her, shoves a wrench in his pocket, and says, "Well, then you might as well learn something useful."
Howard is a cold, hard man, and he never once told her that he loved her, never even told her he liked her. The day she left for boarding school was a relief for both of them; Antonia was chafing at home and her father didn't know what to do with her, and as much as her mother loved her and actually said she loved her, she didn't know either.
All that aside, Tony carries many happy memories of the years she spent peering over Daddy's shoulder into the sights of guns, studying his drawings and drafting her own, learning her trade from the master. She remembers that her father called her Princess when he was pleased with her, and Ironsides when she was stubborn and surly.
It's almost like saying he loved her.
***
Tony sleeps with Obadiah when she's sixteen, because it will give her something to hold over him for the rest of his life, and she doesn't trust that fucker, and she was right not to. She's not a virgin, but she lets him think she is.
By the time she's out of college, boys are all over her, and sometimes she takes them to bed, and sometimes she doesn't. The gossip rags don't call her a slut outright, but they pretty much spell it out. And they say it like she should be ashamed of liking sex.
Tony will show them. She'll show the world.
She takes over her father's company when she's twenty one. She sleeps with a lot of boys and some girls, too. She parties, she gets in the papers, she builds machines to destroy her country's enemies (Dad taught her where the line was: you make the guns, but you watch who you sell them to, Princess). When Time Magazine calls her the Queen of Death she corrects them; she's the Merchant of Death.
She hires Pepper, tries to sleep with her, fails, and respects her for saying no, because so few people ever have. Tony is brilliant and chaotic and usually covered in engine grease, and she wishes she were like Pepper sometimes, organized and clean, with nail polish and makeup and well-done hair. But nail polish scratches off when you work with machines, makeup sweats off, and her hair just gets in the way. She keeps it short.
"I wish I looked like you," she says wistfully to Pepper once. She might be drunk.
"Why? You look like Rosie the Riveter," Pepper says, and puts her to bed.
Tony buys a Rosie the Riveter poster and hangs it in her workshop and feels better. JARVIS approves. She gave him the sexiest voice she could think of.
She's published in Popular Mechanics nineteen times. Playboy twice.
Owning it.
***
What Tony knows at the time, when she's kidnapped in Afghanistan, is that they don't rape her. They do torture her until she agrees to work with them. They don't rape her, which frankly she thinks is strange. Not that she wanted it, God knows, but it doesn't fit in with the rest of their actions, and anomalies fascinate Tony.
What she finds out much later is that they weren't paid enough to agree to kill her, and they were going to rape her -- let every man have his turn -- but the leader, Raza, told them she was more useful building weapons.
Tony can't disagree.
Doesn't stop her from blowing the shit out of their camp after she gets free.
(What she finds out much, much later, from Rhodey's confidential ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Howard Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Genderswap

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Howard Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

