Chapter 1: Lipstick
    


Summary:

Darcy’s mother had never allowed her to wear lipstick. “Lipstick is for grown women, not girls,” she’d always said, and handed Darcy another tube of vaguely-pink hued, strawberry-scented Lip Smackers gloss. “This is what girls your age are supposed to use.”



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy’s mother had never allowed her to wear lipstick. “Lipstick is for grown women, not girls,” she’d always said, and handed Darcy another tube of vaguely-pink hued, strawberry-scented Lip Smackers gloss. “This is what girls your age are supposed to use.” “But, Mom, I’m sixteen. I’m the only girl in school who doesn’t use it.” “I don’t give a damn about the other girls, Darcy Isabella Lewis. And that’s probably the reason those other girls are tramps. All the boys think they’re older than they are. When you’re a woman, I’ll let you wear lipstick; I’ll even go with you to buy your first tube. That’ll be fun!” Darcy had prudently not mentioned that she’d been the first girl in her class to lose her virginity (they’d taken a poll at Sharon Miller’s sixteenth birthday party last summer), or that Aggie Bennett, the resident Holy Christian (whose real name was Agape, the poor girl), was allowed to wear lipstick (it was a very light pink) when she wasn’t even allowed to wear pants. 
 
So on a trip to the mall with Sharon one weekend, Darcy had bought herself a tube of the brightest, reddest lipstick she could find, and hid it in the little bag where she kept her emergency tampons. It had looked awesome on her, and Darcy didn’t care about doing it behind her mom’s back, because now she could finally join in with the other girls in the bathroom as they swiped color on their lips. Now she was a woman.   And forever after that, Darcy associated that shade with confidence.
 Her sophomore year of college, Darcy started dating Michael Harris, who was kind of a snob, but was hot and really good in bed. After about three months, his parents invited her to dinner and she’d dressed for the occasion; she’d even bought a new tube of that perfect shade she privately called Confidence (but was actually called Hot Tamale) that perfectly matched the strapless red dress she was wearing. “Geez, Darcy,” Mike had said as he stood in the bathroom doorway, tying his tie and watching her put the lipstick on, “do you have to use that color; it makes you look kinda like a stripper.” Darcy had been so shocked that she’d wiped the lipstick off and replaced it, in uncharacteristic silence, with a more subdued shade. Mike had been pleased, but his parents had hated her anyway, and his mom had actually asked her if her boobs were real.  About a week later, she’d broken up with Mike, and he’d sneered something about how he should’ve known by her stripper lipstick that she wasn’t good enough for him. She’d proceeded to draw penises all over his super-high-thread-count Egyptian cotton sheets with said lipstick, and while she mourned the loss of Confidence (because it looked great on her, low-class connotations be damned); it had totally been worth it.  That night, sleeping on her friend Macy’s couch, she’d cried over the irony of it, and vowed to never let a man steal her confidence (either version of it) ever again.
 Three years later, after meeting (and tasing) a god, mysteriously getting a rather cushy job with SHIELD (even if it was as a grunt in their HR department), and watching said god and his super buddies save New York from aliens, Darcy found herself with an invitation to a party in the Avengers’ honor. Jane had dragged her from store to store, in search of the perfect dress, becoming more and more frantic with each rejected outfit. Darcy supposed there was a little pressure to look hot, especially if you were going to be the arm candy of a god, and Darcy thanked her lucky stars that she was date-less and could therefore wear whatever the hell she wanted. When Jane broke down in tears after rejecting dress number eleventy-twelve, Darcy took charge. “Okay, Foster,” she said firmly, “this is what we’re gonna do. We’re going to go to the makeup counter and get you a bitchin’ lipstick and then we’re going to find a dress that matches.” Jane sniffled at her. “Isn’t that kind of backwards?” Darcy scoffed. “Fuck that. A great shade of lipstick is just as good for your ego as sexy lingerie and a whole lot cheaper. Once you have that, the rest will fall in line. Or you won’t care because you’ll realize that no matter what you wear Thor will be ripping it off of you once the party’s over, anyway.” Jane blushed, but docilely followed Darcy to the makeup department. Darcy left her in an associate’s capable hands and stalked off to find a dress for herself.  A dress she could wear with Confidence. Jane finally found a dress, and Darcy was totally right that she found it about three minutes after being handed a tube of rosy lip color. That night, Jane was radiant on Thor’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Hulk/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis Prompt Week 2012
Fluff

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Hulk/Darcy Lewis

