Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter’s ribs hurt and the grocery store is closed.The shopkeeper is still inside but when he taps on the door she just shakes her head at him. For a brief and mildly insane moment he contemplates just breaking the door down and then he gives himself a mental slap in the head and starts walking to the late-night crazy vegan organic grocer a couple of blocks down. It’s only a short step from breaking down grocery doors to holding all of New York hostage and opening up a sucking vortex of doom to some mysterious alien realm. Peter has a Moral Compass and is determined to use it properly and not turn into one of those supervillains that keep cackling wickedly and threatening to conquer the city and defeat the Avengers by, like, seducing them or something. (This happens every other week, mostly to Tony Stark, and Peter’s pretty sure it’s just because people like seducing Tony Stark.)He gives into temptation and uses his web-slingers to swing over to the organic grocer, even though he’s not wearing his suit and he’s almost out of web and everything hurts. By the time he gets there everything hurts even more and he just wants to curl up into a crevice and maybe die a little.The organic grocer’s still open. The girl at the counter has purple hair and snakebite piercings and she smiles at him when he walks in. He gives her a smile that he’s pretty sure looks kind of crazy and walks over to the eggs section. There’s a guy in the way, a huge guy with ridiculous muscles and hair that looks too blonde to be real, and Peter waits for him to move but he doesn’t. He just stands there staring at the eggs with this sort of lost, desperate look on his face. Peter can sympathise with him; there are a lot of different types of eggs and he usually gets the wrong ones. Usually Uncle Ben would tell him which ones to get but, well. Yeah.“Hey, dude,” he says eventually, after a self-indulgent couple of minutes spent ogling the guy’s ass, “not that I’m trying to interrupt your existential crisis, or, or whatever, but I just need to nip in and get some eggs and I’ll be out of here.”“Oh,” says the guy, startling, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be in the way,” and he turns around and it’s Captain America.Peter shakes his head a little and wonders if the lizard antidote maybe has hallucinogenic properties. He pinches himself on the arm but no, Captain America’s still there, blocking the grocery aisle and freaking out over eggs.“You’re Captain America,” he blurts out.“What?” says Captain America, looking a little wide-eyed. He casts a nervous glance at the girl at the counter – he has nothing to worry about there, she’s rocking out to her iPod and could care less what they’re talking about – and says, “No, uh, Steve, it’s just, I’m Steve.”“Right,” says Peter, and then because his brain-to-mouth filter had apparently been completely destroyed in the fight on Oscorp Tower: “Hey, your butt really is as tight as it looks on TV.”Captain America just kind of stares at him and then Peter realises what he just said and freezes on the spot. He just met Captain America, war hero, icon of truth and justice and really spangly outfits, and then ogled his ass. He ogled Captain America’s ass and then told him about it. Peter is a terrible person and he is obviously destined for supervillainy. What is his life.“...Thanks?” says Cap weakly.“Uh,” says Peter, and then his brain kind of blanks out and he darts around and grabs the first carton of eggs he can reach, and he hopes they’re the right ones because he didn’t even check but this place is organic so they’re probably free range. He waves the carton in Captain America’s face and then says, “Right, well, I’ll see you around. Except not. Because you’re Captain America. Have fun saving the planet. Don’t, you know, die or anything.”Cap doesn’t say anything. Actually he looks kind of dumbfounded, like someone hit him in the head with a heavy object. Peter all but runs to the counter and throws a random amount of money at the cashier. And then he walks home and it’s raining but he’s pretty sure most of it is still the antidote doing crazy things to the weather. The rain sticks to the back of his neck and he huddles into his hoodie but it doesn’t help, he feels like his bones have turned to ice. Spiders are cold-blooded.When he gets home it’s almost eleven o’clock and Aunt May’s still in the kitchen and the rain is thundering down on the roof like it’s the end of the world. He holds out the eggs and Aunt May’s arms are around him and she tells him that it’s all right and for one short and shining moment he actually believes her.He doesn’t sleep that night.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crack
Angst
cracky angst
Angsty crack
Steve is a ridiculous human being
Spoilers
this pairing needs a stupid name
spimerica?
captainman?
peeve?
seriously help me out here i've got nothing
Hurt/Comfort
nobody asked for the avengers watching Rocky Horror but i wrote it anyway
Rare Pairing

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

