Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They landed at the broken edge of the Bifrost, only feet from where the shattered crystal dropped off into the abyss.  Thor moved without thinking, to place himself between Loki and the edge.Loki glanced at him over the gag, his eyes, Thor thought, sardonic and mocking; but he let go his end of the Tesseract's container, and made no move toward Thor or the drop-off. Heimdall had seen their departure from Earth; there was a phalanx of Einherjar guards waiting.  The captain was Eirikur, a good solid soldier of staunch courage if limited humor. He saluted Thor and stepped forward, holding out his hands. "I was commanded to take the Tesseract from you, upon your arrival."Thor placed the device in the captain's gauntleted hands.  Their journey completed, its blue glow faded to a faint shimmer.  Eirikur nodded acceptance of the burden, said, "The All-Father would speak with you, my lord Thor.""Tell him I will be there, as soon I've seen to my bro—as soon as I've escorted the prisoner to his place," Thor replied, forcing his voice to boom to drown out the fault. Eirikur only nodded, crisp and certain, but Thor looked back expecting Loki's jeering eyes upon him, to see him smiling under the muzzle, as ever he smirked when Thor misspoke himself.—"Oh, come now, Thor, can't you recite it clearer than that? You've been drilled in this lesson twice as many times as I, and know it not half as well—" and then Thor would repeat the phrases of the vassal lord's oath, loud and firmly correct, just to prove Loki wrong—But Loki was silenced now, and when Thor tried to meet his eyes Loki looked down.  Head down, chained hands down; submissive like a whipped dog, and it made Thor's stomach turn, the more sour because he thought Loki might be doing it only for that effect.Thor raised his hand. "Come," he said, and obediently Loki walked with him, head still down.  The phalanx split. Half the guard followed Eirikur with his most precious and dangerous burden to the throne room.  The other half kept pace behind Thor and his most silent and dangerous prisoner, down the many, many stairs to the cell at the world's bottom that would now serve as Loki's chambers.  There was a lift for the guards, but tradition held that new prisoners went to the dungeon on foot.The Einherjar stood waiting in the corridor above, while Thor brought Loki down the lowest tunnel and opened the lock.  His blood acted as key; only the royal family were able to open this cell, save those members imprisoned within it. At Thor's gesture the barred barricade set in the floor rearranged itself in a chime of metal on metal, like swords meeting on a battlefield, to make a stairway down into the bright daylit cell.Loki took these last steps as willingly as he had the rest of his descent.  Thor followed him down, too closely on his heels, so that when Loki stopped and turned at the bottom, his elbow almost bumped Thor's side.  Thor jerked back hastily—his gut was still tender from where Loki had stuck his dagger—and Loki moved as quickly, retreating a step to make a safe distance between them. He angled his head in what might have been apology, then raised his bound hands before Thor could ask him to do so.Thor undid the cuffs of the chains, watchful for Loki's quick hands to draw a weapon from some hidden place; but Loki only circled the wrist of one hand with the other, rubbing absently as if the braces had chafed, though his skin was unmarked.  He turned away to look out the wide windows at the rocky crags of Asgard's underside. He did not reach up to his covered mouth.Thor's new friends had questioned the gag.  Bruce Banner especially had raised a critical brow as well as pointed questions, citing Midgardian conventions of courtesy due even enemy prisoners, and Steve Rogers had concurred.  Thor had been forced to explain that the gag was intended as neither punishment nor humiliation, for all it might inflict both; that instead it was plain protection, same as the chains, against any spells Loki might cast."He needs to speak to do his magic?" Banner had asked skeptically, and Tony Stark put in, "Looked to me like he just needed to wave his pointy stick around."Except the scepter was not Loki's magic—the scepter was not Loki's. Only Thor had found that difficult to say, as if it were a lie, denying what Loki had done with the weapon.  And had not Loki wielded the scepter—taken it as his, for all he should not have? So maybe it had truthfully been his after all.  A new tool, to match his new will.But Loki no longer had the scepter. And bound and gagged his magic was sealed, and he'd made no effort to break that seal, either on Earth or now on Asgard.This chamber—his prison cell—was warded against his arts, though Loki always could find the chinks in any defense.  Still, Thor only hesitated a moment before offering, "Loki, do you give me your parole, that as a prisoner you'll not try to work any magic?"Loki's head turned back sharply, eyes 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Post-Movie
Drama
Angst
Brothers
Asgard
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Loki Feels
Thor Feels
so many feels

fandom: 
Loki & Thor

