Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They had invited the Avengers to Loki's sentencing, once the Bifrost was repaired. Here they were, on another planet, but only so they could see a condemned criminal get his just desserts."You think they'll do an actual beheading?" Clint muttered under his breath, hoping to catch Natasha's ear and no one else's."I guess we'll see," she replied. "Do you have a preference?""I'd rather not get splattered," said Clint, and she knew he was covering. Not that she could blame him; usually they were the ones to deal out death, and they did it swiftly and got it over with. They were assassins, not executioners, and the difference might be subtle but it was still there.They'd stopped Loki, back on Earth. For them, that was supposed to have been the end of it. Being here on Asgard, now, felt like digging up old ghosts better left buried.And maybe the ruler of Asgard felt the same way, because they were brought to a bare circular chamber of dull brown stone, stark compared to the opulence they'd seen in the rest of the city and palace. The room was maybe ten paces across, with a low dais on one side and a single chair on the dais; the chair was the most ornate thing in the room, and even it was only made of unadorned, curving wood, low, backless, and with only a wide leather sling for a seat. Before the dais, in the center of the chamber, a metal circle had been inlaid into the floor that might have been gold or polished copper; it was hard to tell in the light of the torches on the walls. There were two curved benches, also backless, outside the circle that could hold maybe eight people each, but other than that, the room was empty. Not a place for a large audience of spectators.The stone floor inside the metal circle was bleached lighter than anywhere else in the room, Natasha noticed, no doubt having been scrubbed spotless countless times over the centuries.Nobody spoke. After a moment, the Avengers found their way to the benches and sat, and Thor moved to stand to the right of the empty chair, but the silence built until Tony, the least patient of them, spoke to break it."Do we know what the sentence is going to be, Thor?"The prince stood in ceremonial armor and glared for a moment before his eyes softened. "We do not, my friend," he said. "But it is… improper, to engage in idle conversation in this place. The occasion is somber, the circumstances grave. We show our respect by keeping silent.""Silent," muttered Tony. "Right." He was restless, fidgety without his armor or any of his usual tech toys to play with. Natasha wondered how long he'd be able to stand the quiet before he broke.Fortunately, none of them had to find out, because only a minute later, a small procession came into the room: Odin, presumably, since he took his place standing before the wooden throne; an ancient woman robed all in black, with a scowl on her face and a basket in her hands; and two guards, who positioned themselves on either side of the dais.Thor seemed confused at the presence of the old woman. "Father?""Loki's crimes are virtually unique in Asgard's history," said Odin. "His punishment will be unique as well."She could tell Thor really wanted to ask more, but apparently the injunction against talking was pretty strong here on Asgard; he looked upset, and bit his lip while he kept glancing at the king, but he somehow managed not to say anything else."Hmph." The woman, on the other hand, had no such qualms. "Punishment." She set her basket down on the bench beside Natasha, pulling out a little clay pot and a paintbrush, and stepped into the circle. "Sadistic barbarity, more like," she said, and tossed the lid of the pot aside carelessly. With a grunt of effort, she started to stoop to her knees.Steve, the big lug, moved forward to offer her his arm, until Odin barked at him to stop. He sat back slowly, but the woman only chuckled."The thought is appreciated, hero," she said. "The fates know there's little enough kindness ever offered in this place. But I'm sacred; it's forbidden to touch me. Of course, you're mortal and you wouldn't know that, but the All-Father doesn't care about such mitigating circumstances. He'd be liable to lop off your hand in punishment and claim he was defending my honor, even though we'd all know better.""Enough, völva," said Odin. "You have already made clear your objections to participating in today's judgment.""And I will make them clear again," she answered tartly. "You don't command me, Borson. The powers I represent command you, and you would be wise not to forget it." Steve started to speak, then stopped and only cleared his throat instead, but the old woman caught it anyway. "Ask your questions, mortal. It's unlikely you will offend me."Steve cleared his throat again and glanced across the circle at Natasha; she just shrugged and nodded. Let him get what information he could. "Well, I just… I don't mean to be rude, but if you object to the sentence…""Why am I helping to car
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Odin & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Avengers Asgard
Post-Avengers (2012)
Loki's Sentencing
Evil Odin
Good Frigga
Thor is okay I guess
Protective Thor
Prompt Fill
Community: norsekink
Angry witches
Only the one witch really
Horror
Body Horror
Not sure if this is 'body horror' or not but some things happen that are sort of gross
But they happen to someone who really deserves it so maybe that makes it okay
Magic
Magical Accidents
How Do I Tag

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Odin & Thor (Marvel)

