Work Text:
Nick Fury didn't trust in electronic files.Oh, sure, he used them, he used them because he had no choice, some things had to be placed in a computer, it was just impractical to assume otherwise.  But personnel files, the real ones, the hard core accounting of an agent's lifeblood with SHIELD, that was a paper file.  That was always a paper file.Clint Barton's file filled half a dozen folders.Assistant Director Maria Hill unloaded them onto her desk top one after another, letting each one fall with an impressive, solid thump.  Clint studied them, arching an eyebrow, just a little, somewhere between amused and annoyed by the display.  He sat back, letting her go through the motions.Finally, surrounded by the stacks, Maria took a seat behind her desk.  “So, Specialist.”She said nothing else, and Clint let his other eyebrow rise to join the first one.  “Yes, ma'am?” he responded, the reply pitch perfect.  Not a word, or a tone, or a facial expression out of line, nothing she could possibly take offense at.She took offense anyway, because she was super fun that way.“You've been hanging on by a thread for years now,” she said, never one to mince words.  “A very fine thread.  You're insubordinate, you're stubborn, you're problematic on site and an unrelenting pain in the ass on base.  You fight with your superiors, you insist upon picking your own perches and won't work with half of the agents we've got to support you.  You cannot be trusted to follow medical protocols, you lie flat out to handlers and med personnel alike about your status.  You've been written up a record nine times for using your fellow agents for target practice.  You alter official equipment without permission, you go into the field with unapproved devices.”  She sat back, arms folded in front of her on the desktop, her expression blank.  “In short, you're a living nightmare of a special operative, Barton.”He considered that.  “Thank you, ma'am.”Her lips twitched.  “You're holding on by a thread.  And that thread has a name, Barton.  It's Phil Coulson.”Any humor he was feeling about this situation died a swift and brutal death.  “Is that so, ma'am.”“It is, as a matter of fact.”  She tipped her head to the side.  “Are you aware, Specialist, that Agent Coulson has been offered seven different promotions and upward transfers since becoming your handler?  He has declined all of them.  That has caused no end of consternation on the part of certain parties.  Parties who would like to see Coulson in the sort of job that only he can handle.”She stood, started walking around the room. “He is, after all, one of our most trusted field operatives.  Fast.  Smart.  Unflappable under pressure.  Unflinchingly loyal, and the feeling is reciprocated.  Agents may not like him, Barton, but they trust him.  They trust him to make the right call, to make it fast and make it stick.”“I'm aware of Agent Coulson's reputation,” Clint said, sick of this already.  “Also the rumor that he's actually an android.  Or grown in a lab.  Or the one where he's secretly Director Fury's half-brother.”  He paused.  “I don't see the resemblance, myself.”Hill's lips quirked, just for a second.  “You forgot the one where he's an immortal alien.”“Well, that one's just stupid,” Clint said.Hill nodded.  “The point being, Specialist, is that Coulson could be forging policy.  He could be overseeing hundreds of agents, choosing where and how SHIELD's resources are being deployed.  He is the logical choice, the best choice.  And he won't take the job.  Do you know why, Barton?”“Because he actually despises paperwork?” Clint said, which was true.  Sure, the man was good at it, but that didn't mean he liked it.  “And would prefer to be in the field, getting the job done?”“Which he could still do, if he took the promotion.  What he could not continue to do at that pay grade, Agent Barton, is continue being your handler.”  She took a seat on the edge of the desk, letting her hand fall, ever so delicately, on the most recent of his files.  Her fingers stroked over the cover.  “He would be forced to hand you off to another handler, and to be honest, Specialist?  There is no one else who will willingly take you.”He'd known that.  He'd been aware, he wasn't stupid, but having it spoken aloud was a physical body blow.  He kept his face still, he'd played this game for a long, long time, he'd been trained to deal with torture far more invasive, far more painful than this. He didn't say a word, didn't flinch.She kept going.  “If Phil Coulson continues to decline the promotions that are offered him, Specialist, they will cease to be voluntary, they will be move up or move out.  At that point, that thin, microscopic thread keeping you employed and useful will cease to be, and you will be on your own.  In all terms of the word.”  She sighed.  “We suspect that it is to protect you that Coulson is staying in his current job.  There's no confirmation of that, of course, but he is, as I pointed out, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Get Together
Kidnapping
On friendly terms
Angst
Official intervention
Pre-Avengers Movie
Set-Up

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

