Chapter 1: The Temple in the Mountain
    




Chapter Text
It continued to surprise Thor how the biggest cities, the one boasting most splendor, were nearly always the easiest to overtake. 
He could have credited their dominance to the berserk, the most glorious state of a warrior, fueled by wrath and love and anger and bloodlust and, obviously, a lot of alcohol. But here, in this desolate waste of ice and rock, none of his soldiers had indulged, too fearful by half of the imposing silence of the frozen ocean below the plain in which they had made camp. 
Thor did not trust himself in berserk state, and only very rarely drank at all in the eve of battle. Great amounts of alcohol had two different outcomes in Thor Odinsson; either he was a very happy silly man, or an infuriated stupid animal. He preferred his mind clear and sharp. 
For whatever reason, no matter what secrets lurked behind their prowess in war, Asgard was nearly unstoppable in battle. There was a strategy to their combat, of course; a certain strategic thought, most often devised by Odin himself, and nearly always consisting of a slow beginning followed by a savage battle. 
It was not only the strategy that won them their wars, though. Once the strategy had played out and the armies had collided like waves crashing against rocks, discipline dissolved, and the game was up. All that remained was how strong his arm was, and how willing he was to live through everyone else’s deaths. 
And no one was more willing to live than the Aesir. 
Thor had always loved the winter; he loved the clean cold scent of snow, the delicate sound of it crushing beneath the soles of his leather boots. It made laughter bubble in his belly, raw and wild and animalistic in the face of his bloodied enemies. 
He stopped for a moment, to wipe a spray of blood from his face and to look on to the unfolding of the battle. This was not war; or it was, only on a very small scale. Jotunheim was little enough it could only with fondness be called a kingdom. But a kingdom it was, and like any other it came with a king and his son, and if the army was to be brought down, then that king and that son needed to be taken into custody. 
The main body of the Aesir invading forces was engaged in front of the city walls. Thor could appreciate the contrast between his own men, clad in leather and furs and wool, and the Jotunheim soldiers, dressed in fine linens and light metal armor. Jotunheim was a cold, barren place, but its people were used to the eternal winter and suffered it little. Asgard was nothing like it; the winter was snowy and cold, but not harsh and biting like the wind leeching away Thor’s heat. 
Asgard did not boast cities as grand as this one, but was a country rather of smaller, warmer villages; a temperate and close place, in any case: the streets wide but the buildings warm. For all its vastness it was compact, designed to keep people in, happy in community. 
Jotunheim was nothing like Asgard. The capitol city entire was built creeping up the face of a cliff, as if hanging on by its fingernails, seeking perhaps to escape the ever-changing flow of the ice plates in the valley below. Legend said it had once been an ocean, rippling and alive and turquoise-colored. But that had been many thousands of years ago, before Asgard had been born. 
Thor did not know how humans could sustain themselves in such a wretched place.
“The city will be taken soon enough,” Lady Sif said, appearing at his shoulder. She whipped her long silken braid over her shoulder and wiped blood carelessly from her smooth cheek. A splendid beauty, a herald of swift death. 
Thor nodded absently, eyes roaming, studying. His father Odin had taken on the right side of the army, the most powerful flank getting the most savage of the action, for it had led the assault against the walls and gates. Thor was leading a smaller host himself, picking at the stragglers and capturing the fleeing. Even here the battle was formidable; the Jotun were no gentle kittens. 
“The soldiers are gathering by the temple, there,” he said, gesturing with Mjolnir briefly. “I wonder what they think they protect; it is not as though I care for their gods.” 
“It is said that there are many riches in the temples,” Sif offered, shrugging. 
“No,” Thor said pensively, adjusting the leather strap of Mjolnir’s shaft around his wrist. “It must be something else. If we win, surely their riches will be ours all the same; fighting to protect them now is pointless.” 
They looked on for a moment, contemplating. 
“Unless of course riches of other natures are kept there,” Sif said carefully. Volstagg came towards them, wiping the wicked curve of his battle axe on his long cape. 
“Well, the crown prince was downed this morning,” Thor narrowed his eyes. “And Laufey himself is battling the Allfather at the walls. So who, exactly, is ordering the rest of the army, and piecing together strategies? I see a lot of runners coming and going from that temple.”
V
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
sexual content in later chapters
Violence
a pissy loki
as loki usually is
but still a fair warning
unnecessary family fluff
odin and frigga are trolls

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

