Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy sighed. She folded her arms and watched a very brightly smiling nurse swab the inside of her daughter's cheek. “Like, I get why I have to go through all of this, but is this really necessary for her? She's six. Pretty positive she's not a Hydra agent at six.”The nurse's smile turned a bit apologetic as she looked over at Darcy. “I'm sorry, but that's the rule. Everyone who lives here needs to have their DNA on file.” She shrugged a little. “The elevators up here are DNA-restricted, so if she wants to move around by herself, we'll need to have her on file.”That made sense to a certain degree. Certainly more sense than a highly trained assassin whatever who was the same size as a very lanky six-year-old.The swab came out of Diana's mouth, and she closed her mouth and rolled her eyes. “It's not a shot, Mom.”That was true. It wasn't a shot. She still got a lollipop, though, the nurse reached into her pocket and pulled out plastic-wrapped candy. Diana's brown eyes lit up as the nurse handed it to her. The nurse's smile broadened into a grin, and she pulled a second one out of her pocket, handing it to Darcy.“Thanks.” Darcy took it and unwrapped it, popping it into her mouth. “You see enough kids that you keep lollipops?”“No, but they work on superheroes, too.” She gave a wink.Darcy laughed. That actually made a lot of sense, Thor could be a little... high-maintenance sometimes. Wave Peeps in front of his nose, though... Ew. No accounting for taste. “That it?” she asked around the sweet purple candy.The nurse picked up the manilla file from the nearby gray countertop. Her eyes moved over it and she nodded. “That's it. Do you need someone to show you back up to your apartment?”Darcy shook her head, pushing away from the swiveling black office chair she'd been seated on. “Nope. I think we've got this one covered. Thanks, though.”Diana slid down from the exam table, landing easily on her bright purple sneakers. “Can I ask JARVIS to get us there, Mom?” She was practically bouncing with her excitement, the AI was pretty much her highlight of moving to New York.“I don't see why not.” Darcy gave the nurse one last smile and thanked her, and then they were moving out into the hall and towards the elevator. The medical wing was empty as they made their way through along the gray carpet. That made sense, though, unless the Avengers were actually Avenging, there probably wasn't a whole lot to do. Be on call, maybe. File paperwork? Swab for DNA?The elevator took a few seconds to get there after Diana pressed the up button, but soon enough they were stepping through the heavy steel sliding doors. “JARVIS, can you take us to R&D floor 2?” Diana glanced up at her mom. “Please?”“Of course, ma'am,” came the neutrally pleasant British voice. Diana giggled at being addressed that way, and the elevator immediately started moving. The little girl was staring up at the ceiling with a kind of awed expression on her face, which made Darcy smile.She hadn't been sure she wanted to move here. Jane did, and with good reason. The funding Stark Industries was offering was absolutely unparalleled by anyone in the world. Jane had an entire floor of the Avenger's Tower to herself, minus the two apartments at the end, one each for her and Darcy.And as Jane's PA/PR manager, it just made sense that Darcy would go with her. But she wasn't so much into big cities. Diana would be starting grade one this year, and going to school in Manhattan would be... more difficult than if she'd found somewhere smaller to live. It wasn't like she hadn't had other offers, either. But Jane was her best friend, and she really couldn't say no.So now they were living in Manhattan. In the middle of Manhattan, at the top of a gigantic building. After everything she'd gone through, this was somehow still a little surreal.The elevator stopped at the appropriate floor, and they got off. There was a little lobby area that was glass-walled at the far end. That was Jane's lab. She was already at work, of course, Darcy could see her frowning at one of her pieces of equipment.Darcy turned her attention down to where her daughter was looking around them with wide eyes. “Do you want to go see Aunt Jane, or do you want to go and see what the moving people have done with our stuff?”“Stuff!” Diana exclaimed. “JARVIS, which door is mine?” There was an opaque door at either side of the lobby, one to Jane's apartment and one to the one they were going to share.“The one on the left.”Diana glanced between the two doors for a second before bounding over to the correct one. She put her thumb on the identity pad, and gravely waited for it to glow red and beep before taking her hand away. There was a buzz before the door slid open, and they walked into their new home together.There was a Logistics Division to SI, which was apparently who had moved them in. They'd done a reasonable job of unpacking, too, Darcy thought as she entered the living room. The couch mi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Kidfic
Aromantic

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark/Thor

