Chapter 1: Tony
    




Chapter Text
As soon as the lights go out and the sounds of the teacher’s footsteps have faded Tony rolls out of his bed and into his boots. Grabbing a flashlight and sweater from beneath his pillow, he silently makes his way out of the dormitory and into the dark corridor of the boarding school. With his back against the wall he edges slowly towards the light at the far end, the still dormant flashlight held between his teeth as he struggles into his sweater. He’s learnt from experience that nights here can be cold, especially if you’re forced to hide behind a statue for half an hour because two patrolling teachers have decided to take a break from their duties and chat right outside your hiding place. He’d woken up the next morning with a dreadful cold and decided from then on to always bring something warm on his late night excursions. The flashlight is also a precautionary tool in case he ever has to take evasive manoeuvres through unexplored corridors to avoid getting caught.
 
Tony navigates the corridors of the building without incident. He even manages to leave through an open side door and sprint down the exposed path that leads to the building opposite without being spotted. The building is newer than the one Tony has just exited and is still fully illuminated inside. This is where those in their final year at the school sleep and so curfew is rarely enforced. Tony quickly stows his flashlight under his sweater and types in the code that will allow him access. He pushes open the door and jogs up the nearest flight of stairs to the floor above. The door halfway down the corridor is his destination. Tony knocks and waits patiently for a reply.
 
“Come in,” calls a bored voice.
 
Smiling, Tony pushes open the door and enters the small bedroom. His eyes quickly sweep over the desk with its neat piles of papers and books before moving to the bed. There sits Loki Stark, Tony’s big brother, still dressed in his school uniform. Loki looks up as Tony approaches and smiles. He closes the book in his hands and sets it aside before motioning for Tony to come closer. Tony immediately accepts the invitation and dives onto the bed and his brother’s legs.
 
“Tony,” Loki reprimands in a weary yet amused way that makes the eleven year old laugh.
 
“Yes?” he asks with a grin that has too many teeth to be innocent.
 
“I’ve told you not to do that,” Loki chides with a barely suppressed smile. 
 
“You also told me not to climb that old oak tree but I did it anyway.”
 
Loki rolls his eyes before flicking Tony’s forehead. “You’re a pain.”
 
Tony sticks out his tongue before kicking off his boots and crawling to sit beside his brother. Loki makes room for him and puts his arm around Tony as the younger brother curls into his side. He smiles fondly as he strokes Tony’s hair, earning him a sigh of contentment and a peaceful smile.
 
Tony knows that the relationship he has with his brother is unusual. Most fourteen year olds hate their younger brothers, but Loki adores Tony and has always been physically affectionate towards him. When Loki had still been in the dormitories they’d received more than one astounded and suspicious look when Tony had snuck in so that he could curl up in bed with his brother. None of the boys had ever said anything of course but that was mostly because they were all too scared of Loki. Tony’s brother had a wickedly sharp tongue and, although he might not look it, he was incredibly strong. Even when they were younger and the bullies had been twice Loki’s height and bulk they’d never stood a chance against the green eyed boy. The bullies had learned quickly not to mess with Loki Stark or his little brother.
 
“I missed you at dinner,” Loki comments as he continues to drag his fingers through Tony’s dark locks.
 
Tony pouts as he replies, “I ate early. I didn’t want to have to watch that girl drape herself all over you again.”
 
Loki throws back his head and laughs. Tony doesn’t because he’s sick to death of Loki’s fanclub. Loki is two grades ahead of his peers and to girls this means that he is mature. Over the past few months they’ve had a tendency to swarm Loki, or stalk him through the school grounds, or simply giggle whenever he walks past. Loki finds it hilarious and Tony’s displeasure only seems to amuse him further. Although Tony is three grades ahead of his peers he still believes that girls are silly and the ones that fawn over his brother have done nothing to improve his opinion. One girl in particular is far too hands-on for Tony’s liking. She has a particular fondness of sitting next to Loki at meals and interrupting his conversations with Tony. She has also somehow managed to convince Loki to tutor her in Maths, stealing away precious time that Loki should have been spending teaching Tony.
 
“Don’t you like Bella Tony? I know she likes you,” Loki teases. When Tony makes a face Loki chuckles. “Are you jealous? Is that what the problem is?” 
 
“No,” Tony denies. “Y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Brotherly Bonding
cuteness
hopefully

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

