Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As the only human member of the team who wasn’t an assassin or a genetically engineered superhero, or who had a rage monster hiding inside of him, Tony Stark had the tendency to be the number one target for kidnapping. Clint was not particularly proud of the fact that he was the number two target, mostly because the Black Widow’s reputation was definitely preceding her and, ever since that mission in Paris, was making more than one potential bad guy give her a wide birth. But this was the first time that he and Tony had ever been captured together, and it was starting to get on Clint’s nerves. He knew Tony was there, could hear the screams whenever Hydra decided that it was time for Tony to have a turn at some torture, but the guards were doing an excellent job of keeping them apart. Threats weren’t working, and all attempts at an escape got Clint no further than the hall outside the door. Now, they had the tendency to gas his cell before they opened the door. And while Clint was good, not even he was good enough to stay conscious through powerful sedatives.He flinched again when he heard the familiar hissing sounds, fully expecting to pass out and wake up on that fucking chair. But he didn’t. He was still conscious twenty minutes later when the gas stopped being pumped into his cell. A little confused and a lot wary, he backed into the furthest corner from the door and crouched down to wait. There was no way of telling what the gas would do. Slow suffocation, increased sensitivity to pain, poison… the options were endless.Clint was still sitting there, and had been for at least three hours, when the cell door finally opened. He looked up as the guards shoved a familiar figure into the cell. Tony stumbled and nearly fell to his knees, but just managed to catch himself on the bed. At a glance, he was breathing hard and his pupils were dilated. Blood had soaked the fabric of the once blue t-shirt he was wearing, turning it black, and most of his visible skin was covered in bruises. In short, he didn’t look that much better off than Clint himself, but at least the light of the arc reactor was still visible.“Have fun,” one of the guards said with a mocking smile. Clint made a rude gesture in response, not bothering to move until the guards had all retreated. Then he stood up, wincing, and took a cautious step towards Tony.“Tony?” Tony blinked, as though just realizing Clint was there, which was worrying in itself, and shook his head. “Hey Legolas,” he said finally. “Great meeting spot, huh? Next time we’ll have to aim for somewhere nicer. Fury’s bedroom, for example.”“Well, you can still be sarcastic, so I guess they haven’t done anything too horrible,” Clint said, though he was pretty sure that Tony would be able to wisecrack right up until he actually stopped breathing. “Sorry the accommodations aren’t great, but feel free to sit on any inch of disgusting floor you like. I can even offer you stale water for refreshments.”“I’m good,” Tony said, sinking down onto the ground on the spot. But not like he had made any conscious decision to sit, but more like his legs had given out on him and his options were to either sit down or fall over. Clint sat down beside him, so close that their shoulders were brushing, and stared at the opposite wall. He wondered if Tony had worse damage hidden under his clothes. He wondered if Steve was freaking out. He wondered if Phil was searching for them.After a little while, Tony leaned against him. The contact felt nice and warm – the cell was cold to the point where Clint couldn’t help shivering every once in a while – and Clint sighed, letting his head tip back against the wall. He stared up at the only source of light: a single light bulb that was concealed behind glass thick enough that Clint couldn’t break it. He’d tried, hoping for a weapon that he could use against the guards, but all that got him was bruised fists and being knocked out when he ignored the guards yelling at him to stop.Tony shivered, breaking Clint out of his stupor. He blinked away the spots that came from staring at a light for too long and automatically wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders to share their body warmth. The subtle shaking of Tony’s shoulders didn’t stop, though, and gradually Clint started to realize that Tony wasn’t shivering. He was trembling, the way he did when he was crying and trying not to let Steve or Phil know, even though that was silly. That was what babies did. They cried.The thing about Tony was that he wasn’t very good at hiding things when he was a baby, and it usually wasn’t longer than a couple of minutes before Phil or Steve would come over and figure out was the problem was: whether it was needing attention, sleepiness, a diaper change, hunger, not feeling well. Or boredom even, though that was rare because baby Tony didn’t seem to suffer the same problem adult Tony did of needing and/or wanting to have his brain occupied at virtually every mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Play
Non-Sexual Age Play
Baby!Tony
Little!Tony
little!Clint
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Phil
uncle steve
Uncle Phil
Adult baby
but only tony
clint is about four years old
mentions of torture
Hydra (Marvel)
Thumb-sucking
Angst
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Phil Coulson
BAMF Steve Rogers
BAMF Phil Coulson
Diapers
Pacifiers
stuffed animals
blankies
Teddy Bears
bottles
Big Brother Clint
consensual age play
Bathing
washing
Platonic Cuddling
Kidnapping
Drugs
nonconsensual drugging
Cuddling
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
pull ups
sippy cups
Emotional Hurt
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Infantilism
non sexual infantilism

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

