Chapter 1: Prisoner
    




Chapter Text
"Home sweet home." Harry said bitterly as the door of Dudley's second bedroom slammed closed behind him.  "Well, I guess it was nice while it lasted.  Stupid house elf."Harry had been home from his first year at magic school for just a few weeks.  It had been quiet and peaceful so far.  He'd left his relatives with the impression that he could turn the lot of them into toads whenever he wanted if they gave him a hard time.  Yeah, it had been kind of lonely-- they'd taken to completely ignoring his existence wherever possible-- but still better than years previous. It had all ended today.  He'd walked into his room and found an odd creature that called himself a house elf.  He had warned him against returning to Hogwarts.  When Harry had refused to stay home, he'd gone downstairs and dumped a pudding on his uncle's guest's head with magic.  Now uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were both furious since uncle Vernon had lost the big deal he'd been trying to close.  Even worse, they now knew he wasn't allowed to do magic.  A note had come from the Ministry warning him against underage magic use--which was really unfair since it hadn't even been him!  Even worse, the warning had landed in his uncle's hand rather than his own.  Uncle Vernon had wasted no time taking all Harry's school things and locking them up in his old bedroom--the cupboard beneath the stairs.   He was now locked in, and according to Uncle Vernon he would continue to be for the foreseeable future."Stupid house elf.  Stupid Ministry." His owl, Hedwig, hooted from her cage.
"Tell that ruddy bird to be quiet or I'll break her ruddy neck!"
A cold feeling of horror fizzled through Harry's veins.  He knew better than to think it was an idle threat.  He couldn't even let her out because stupid Uncle Vernon had padlocked her cage shut!He hurried over to the cage and stroked her breast lightly to keep her calm.  As he did his eyes fell on a latch he'd never really noticed before on the bottom of the cage."Huh.  What's that?"Some investigation gave him the answer.  The bottom could be easily removed!  He'd never noticed before.  He'd always just reached in through the door to clean it before."Be real quiet, girl.  Okay?"He carefully undid the latches and lifted the top of the cage free, and then looked at the window.  He really didn't want to do what he was about to do…but it was too dangerous for her not to.  It was going to make being imprisoned in his room for the remainder of the summer a lot harder to take, and a lot lonelier too.  In the end though Hedwig's life and safety was more important than his comfort.  He found an old notebook of Dudley's that had never been used and a broken pencil that still had a point.  He tore out a page and scribbled a quick note, and attached it to Hedwig's leg with a bit of string."Take this to Ron, girl, and then stay there for the rest of the summer, okay?  If he says he'll wring your neck, he means it.  It's not safe here."Hedwig seemed to object to leaving him there on his own, but Harry was adamant.  "Go girl.  Be safe.  Don't let them see you, okay?"Hedwig finally relented.  She flew to his shoulder and groomed his hair gently before heading for the freedom of the open window.  Harry watched her till she was out of sight, his heart heavy.  Once she was gone he went and flopped on his bed and indulged in a prolonged pity party.  "It's been a weird year." Harry sighed.A lot had happened.  He'd met a talking snake, found out he was a wizard, gone to magic school, met the guy who'd murdered his parents…or what was left of him anyway.  Now, he'd met a weird little green house elf, been threatened with more trouble at school, and was now being held prisoner by his loving relatives. It was going to be a long summer.  Hedwig had only be gone a few minutes and he missed her already.  At least while she was here he had a fellow prisoner to keep him company.  In the end, Harry could only feel sorry for himself for so long.  He was bored.  Really bored.  Bored enough to take a look at the piles of  Dudley's broken junk that took up most of the space in the room in an attempt to distract himself from the fact that he was bored, lonely and trapped."Broken tv, broken game console, broken cars, broken action figures, unused school supplies…enough for three students.  I really can't believe Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon let him be so bloody wasteful.  Broken, burned, exploded, broken, broken, broken…  Man.  Why is all this crap even still in the house?  Hmm…telescope.  And it actually seems to be okay.  Well, the base is broken and the casing is a bit cracked, but the lenses seem alright.  Maybe I'll do some stargazing tonight.  I do have astronomy homework…  Wish I could remember what it was.  Bugger.  Encyclopedias, little engineer's project guide, everyday science, the wonderful world of mathematics…  Who was dumb enough to buy all these for Dudley?  It doesn't look like any of them was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
wacky crossover that goes in unexpected directions

fandom: 
None
