Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
 
 
It’s two AM and Derek is babysitting.He’s also questioning his life choices. Quietly, of course, because as any babysitter knows, you don’t wake up the kids just because you’re pissed at them – it will just make things worse.Especially when the kids are two overgrown teenage werewolves.Who, for the record, snore. Loudly.Scott is off with Allison, and Stiles is – not here. This fact perplexes Derek. It’s not that he’s grown to enjoy the irritating kid’s company, no, nothing like that – he just – he’s just gotten used to Stiles, okay? Like an annoying and overly fond dog that slobbers all over you and chews up all your toys, but who you still find yourself missing when they’re gone.He switches through the channels absently. So far, there’s absolutely nothing on TV save a rather disturbing documentary about the mating habits of wolves. He considers watching it just for the irony, and then thinks, no, no way, and settles on a show that seems to basically consist of vampires and porn.He kind of approves. Secretly. Very secretly. In the most secret part of his – Forget it. He really needs some sleep.He goes back to channel surfing.“Billionaire, playboy and philanthropist Tony Stark left his beloved Stark Tower with the rest of the Avengers today to have a little R & R with extended family,” the news broadcaster is saying. “As a recap, Tony Stark – as Iron Man – assisted in defending the world early last year from supernatural forces –”Derek raises his eyebrows at the TV. Huh.“Tony Stark!” Isaac bursts out suddenly. Derek would have fallen off the sofa with surprise except, you know, he’s not that undignified. Definitely not. “Man, this guy is awesome,” Isaac continues, eyes glued to the television. The guy seems to have a supernatural ability to somehow sleep and be completely aware at the same time. Derek thinks that it might have something to do with his past, and feels himself soften a little.“Huh. I guess. He seems like a pretty good guy,” Derek admits, a little reluctantly. “The Black Widow, though. She has all the traits of a good Alpha.” He nods, like this settles it.Isaac shrugs. “Also, she’s hot.”Erica doesn’t share Isaac’s ability to be aware of everything while sleeping, but she is scarily aware of any time Isaac may be even slightly male chauvinistic, which is just as scary, really. “Isaac,” she says coldly, and he shrinks back into the sofa a little.“Okay. Okay. She’s attractive, good looking,” he rambles. Erica glares. “She’s – strong? Scary? Badass?”Erica seems to think about this for a few moments. “Good enough,” she allows, curls up into a ball on the sofa, and falls back asleep, just like that.Derek hates her a little, just for that.“Why aren’t you asleep, dude?” Isaac says, frowning at Derek like he understands a little too well.Derek scowls. “Can’t. Slept earlier,” he lies. Isaac gives him a skeptical look, but leaves it alone. Derek is far too thankful for that, but then again, lack of sleep and far too much shitty TV might contribute a lot to his newfound softness.Ten minutes later, Isaac and Erica are both fast asleep again because their curiosity doesn’t last long on a good day, and they’re also far too lazy to even get up and go to their rooms, Derek is back to watching wolf mating documentaries, and he’s completely forgotten about Tony Stark and the Avengers.This doesn’t last long, either.-“You’re joking,” Clint says.“Of course I’m joking, this is all an elaborate joke because I really care that much about fooling you, Barton,” Tony says. He’s a little offended, really. Okay, not really. He would expect him to do something like this, too. But it’s the sentiment that counts.Steve comments, because he’s just all bunnies and rainbows and chocolate, “I think it’s sweet.” He grins at Tony.Tony grins back. Clint gags. Tony shoots him a glare. “Look, I want you guys to be kind to him, okay? Well,” he adds, throwing Natasha a look, “reasonably amicable. He means a lot to me.”Thor pats Tony hard on the back. Tony’s sure he feels a rib or two crack, but doesn’t say anything, because he’s just a nice guy. “Do not worry, my friend! I will gladly welcome your godson in as I would one of my closest brethren.”Bruce looks up from where he’s tapping away at his phone. He likes everybody to think that he’s doing important work, but Tony can clearly see from where’s he’s sitting that the guy’s really just playing Angry Birds. He doesn’t mention this, though, because he’s a dick but he’s not that much of a dick. “What Thor said,” he agrees, and goes back to Angry Birds.“So, what, this kid isn’t like a teenage you, right?” Clint questions. He’s perched on the very back seat of the car, watching the flow of cars slowly stem as they get closer to Beacon Hills. “Because I’m really not sure I could take that,” he adds shamelessly.“Of course he won’t be a teenage Tony, dumbass,” Natasha says coolly from the back seat where she appears to be sharpening her knife. Tony dec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
I...don't even know
Fluff
Humour
no really
logic where are you
Tony is Stiles' godfather
Bruce really hates Angry Birds
Thor and Derek have some sort of strange bromance going on
Alternate Universe (kind of)

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

