Work Text:
Two weeks had passed since the "Battle of New York". Loki had been returned to Asgard, Steve had been visiting graves as well as sites from his past, Bruce had set up residence in the R&D Department despite the renovations going on in the Tower, Natasha had spent those two weeks guarding Clint's back against any type of recrimination from Loki's possession and Thor had returned to spend time with Jane. During all this time Tony Stark could be found working on plans for various additions to what was once Stark Tower and personally seeing to all the renovations as well as remodeling. There may have been minor explosions and some fire, but Dummy was always handy with a fire extinguisher.The first two days Pepper was constantly at Tony's side.  At first she was sobbing uncontrollably and then she was leaning on him as he drew up plans for the improved Tower.  It didn’t take long before Tony began to distance himself from her. The amount of stress and pain he seemed to cause Pepper, who had only stood by his side through everything, had become more than evident. After everything he had seen before, during and after the huge battle, Tony Stark was focusing more on those around him. Especially the people who truly mattered and what was best for them. It was a change from the usual internal focusing, but it opened his eyes to things he might have otherwise missed.Tony Stark noticed that the Avengers were basically scattered into the wind without keeping track of each other. The Avengers had extreme difficulty functioning together before the battle and it was obvious from how they had easily split up that the Avengers needed something. So Tony had JARVIS hack into SHIELD, which was easier since he had already opened a backdoor which made navigating the files SHIELD kept simpler, in order to discover what was known about his teammates' locations.  It did not take him long to figure out how best to contact them and work on bringing them together.Utilizing all of the information JARVIS had gathered about his teammates Tony found it easier to convince them to come together in one location for Shawarma and the fact that he personally sent transportation might have helped speed things up. So there the Avengers sat in the newly rebuilt Shawarma restaurant they had originally found after the battle and Tony noticed that there was an obvious gaping hole. No one mentioned the name or the fact that there had not yet been a funeral. There was a tense silence and an obvious lack of a certain important presence. The one common factor that had brought all of them together and had later compelled them to fight as a team. Agent Phil Coulson.Even Thor, whose presence was larger than life, seemed subdued. Tony looked around at his fellow Avengers and made a decision that the plans he had already drawn up would be implemented.  He knew the first true step to this super-secret-boy-band, though Natasha obviously wasn't a boy, working would be to get some form of closure. And the fact that Clint Barton's eyes seemed to be devoid of life, of the smartass nature that he had heard about and had witnessed only once, further solidified his decision. Which is why after Tony put his teammates up in various rooms that were still inhabitable at Stark Tower he had JARVIS hack once more into SHIELD with the soul intention of finding out every bit of information about Phil Coulson. He also had JARVIS run a face recognizing program to find any footage of Coulson that would aid him in discovering what exactly had occurred. Thinking back on the meeting with his teammates Tony wondered if Clint blamed himself for Coulson’s death.  The archer had taken Coulson’s death very hard.Twenty minutes later Tony was interrupted from the altered plans he was creating for a multipurpose gym that would work for two assassins, a super-soldier, a god and two mostly normal humans. The smooth British voice of his AI cut through the workshop."Sir? Would you prefer the most recent footage from today or would you like to start from the—" JARVIS was cut off abruptly when Tony jolted."Today? There is footage of Agent Phil Coulson from today?" Tony's body straightened and his muscles tensed a steady hammering started inside his head. "Where was this footage taken from?" his attention was directed at the screen where he watched a very alive Phil Coulson pace agitatedly in what looked like a medical room. His chest was wrapped where Loki had stabbed him; Agent did not look to be at his best which usually involved a sharply pressed suit, his signature sunglasses, a weapon and a calm, but completely unimpressed expression on his face. Tony felt the first stirrings of shock, disappointment and then searing rage as it burned through him. Fury had manipulated every single one of them and had done it staring them in the eyes.  He’d twisted the knife that had been imbedded in the collective heart of the Avengers without a care. Tony noticed that Coulson was being held at SHIE
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
AU
some tony/pepper
pre steve/tony
Tony is protective
high emotions
tony lives to make others' lives interesting
Domestic Avengers
pre stony

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

