Chapter 1: First Day of Prison Part One
    


Notes:
Cblove03 asked permission to translate this story into Vietnamese (yay) and so, for Vietnamese readers, the translated story can be found here




Chapter Text
"Thirty years," the judge said, "with the possibility of parole." She banged her gavel.
"What?" Cried out Raven from the stands as she stood up abruptly, "It was self-defense!" She gripped the bench in front of her tightly, looking up at the Judge like she was a fucking twat. Which in her opinion, she was.
Charles looked back at his sister with an apologetic smile—although he didn't know why he was the one looking sorry—he was the one who was going to jail, thank you very much. Fuck. Not that he had any regrets at this point—he'll never forget the look on his stepfather's face when he pulled the gun on him. He told the man if he laid his finger on him one more time…
If only Kurt would have listened. He really should’ve.
"This is horse-shit!" Raven barreled on—as if her protesting and profanity would sway the judge's mind. She already banged her gavel-thingy—that's means it final right? 
"Get her out of my courtroom," the honorable Judge McTaggert said, (but if you ask Raven, it's Bitch-faced-bitch Judge McTaggert) "Next sentencing case please."
Charles' lawyer looked down at him. "Sorry Charles," he said kindly as he placed a hand on his client's shoulder, "I'll get started on your appeal as soon as possible," he told the brunet.

'Yeah,' Charles thought as the bailiff came to take him away, 'soon wasn't soon enough.'

Like it or not—Charles Xavier was going to jail and there was nothing he, or his sister—no matter how much she cussed and yelled at the judge, which probably isn’t helping at all—could do that would change that.
...
Now, if there was one thing that was true about what you see in prison movies, it would be when the new inmates are being lead down the hall and to their cells and the current prisoners would jeer and yell obscene things. Charles discovered this the hard way of course.
"Fresh meat!" Some terrifyingly large burly man announced as soon as the doors opened and the new inmates made their way in.

‘Well,’ Charles thought as he walked down the foyer, ‘what the devil is that supposed to mean? I hardly see how comparing us to meat-

It hit him.

‘Oh,’ Charles thought dryly, ‘they want to rape me. Splendid.’

He briefly wondered if he should shank someone in the yard to earn the respect of the Cholo's. There was only one sure fire shot at not getting raped in prison—and that was protection. (Or if you were the one doing the raping—which Charles would not be doing, thank you very much). Charles realized right then and there that he would need some form of protection.
Although, in order to gain that type of protection, he may need to do some 'favors' in return. Christ. It looked like no matter what, Charles would be performing some sort of sexual act whilst in here.
At least he was practiced.
"Hey there pretty little thing," another inmate behind bars said, "I like the mouth on you."
Oh dear Lord! He was talking to Charles! Damn his cherry red lips—he knew they'd be the downfall of him one day. Charles shot the man a wry look before continuing on.
So right, protection was his first priority here—that much he knew. The only thing was figuring out how to get protection and who to get it from. It couldn’t just be anybody; of course not, he may be in prison, but he was still Charles Xavier damnit! And he still had his standards…right?
"Hey baby," another one said, hanging his arms out of the bars, "you kinda look like a girl I once dated," he eyed Charles up and down as the brunet passed, "Stop by my cell after a while, I'll show you a real good time," he winked.
Oh my! Charles never! He couldn't believe the type of treatment he was receiving. Christ, just because he was small, cute and dainty (and had very nice hair and bursting blue eyes) did not mean he was a girl—or that he shall be treated like one. Thanks.
Charles very well may be boned.
Literally.
Damn it.
Finally making his way to his cell, (thank fuck that was over—it was like the longest walk of shame ever and he hadn't even been fucked by anyone yet, Christ) the door opened and the prison guard unlocked the chains from around his ankles (Charles found all that quite unnecessary too—where was he going to go? He was already in jail for fucks sake) and then pushed him into his cell. (Okay now Charles found hardly that
necessary. How rude.)
Once the door closed, the guard announced that prisoner 04211979 was in.
Wonderful.
What now?
Oh, it would appear that Charles was not alone in his cell—there goes any privacy when it comes to masturbation. Fuck. He eyed the man that had his back to him. A good looking back if he may so…and he did.
"Ahem," Charles said softly, trying to get the man's attention, "Um…hello. My name's Charles Xavier—I do believe we'll be cellmates." Did he really just say that? Apparently his mind was still addle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lensherr/Charles Xavier
Alex Summers/Hank McCoy

freeform: 
Romance
Explicit Sexual Content
Humour
Attempted Rape
mild violence
Alternate Universe--No Powers
Shaw Not Evil-Evil
Logan being Logan
Public Sex
Shower Sex
Let's face it: Erik and Charles have a lot of sex
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Erik Lensherr/Charles Xavier
Alex Summers/Hank McCoy

