Work Text:
 When it happened, Tony's first (insane, irrational) thought was: This is Pepper's fault.Okay, so the clean slate protocol used destroy all his Iron Man armors had technically been Tony's idea. Pepper hadn't known about it, or ever asked him to use it. Whatever. It had been Christmas, and he was trying to be romantic.  The armors were sick, or had come from a sick place in his mind--Look, it didn't matter. The armors were gone now, but the important thing was he's still Iron Man where it counted.Tony spent the last six weeks since the president's kidnapping working on a fix for Pepper's buggy Extremis virus. Which he did, because he was a genius. It went so well, in fact, he planned on using a version of it on himself in a few days to regrow his entire sternum when he went under the knife to remove the arc reactor.And okay, yes, it was Pepper's job was to make sure he actually attended investor meetings, which he'd been ignoring for the past eight weeks months awhile.Still, when the door to the boardroom burst open and an armed man strode in, muzzle-like mask, sunglasses, and all greasy-haired glory, Tony's first thought had been: I shouldn't even be here. This is Pepper's fault."This is a private party," Tony heard himself say, over the gasps and startled cries of the boardroom executives. "The S&M appreciation council is down the hall and to the right."The gunman's masked face jerked in Tony's direction. Then, with a too-easy leap, he landed on top the boardroom table and strode down its length, scattering papers, tablets, and phones in his wake. He had an old STARK special nine mil handgun on his hip, a second semi-auto slung between his shoulders.Tony guessed he wasn't here to discuss the stock-dip.Rising from his chair, Tony's hand flew to his pocket for a locator bracelet. Empty. And even if he had one, there weren't any armors left to call. Stark Tower was still under reconstruction from the Chitauri attack-- he'd rented a room on the New York Life building for this meeting. JARVIS wasn't installed here to call for help.That's why they called Tony genius. It took him all of a split-second to realize exactly how screwed he was.It took only a fraction past that for the gunman to reach him. One hand clamped like a vice around his throat, and lifted Tony up to his toes."You're not him," the man said flatly, almost distantly.Tony choked and pounded at the man's elbow joint, but it was solid as steal under the glove and long-sleeve. Gauntleted?The man lifted him higher, cutting off his air. Tony was vaguely aware of the room emptying around them, people fleeing for their own lives while the gunman was distracted.That's fine. I'll just hang here, Tony thought. Black dots gathered at the corner of his vision, and he kicked without hitting anything vital."Where is he?" the man demand.Tony struggled and made a sound he hoped conveyed, "I'd like to answer you, but I really need air." Flailing, he more or less accidently knocked the sunglasses free of the man's face.The man's eyes were steel gray and so wide the white showed around the edges.Perversely, it reminded Tony of something he hadn't thought of in years: As a boy, he'd visited Tiberious Stone's house. Ty was a prick -- his whole family were pricks, and did typical rich-boy prick things like Dressage with horses. There had been a gelding who was bred for it, but couldn't take Ty's brand of rigorous "training". Tony remembered seeing the gelding ridden under pain of a whipping quart, every line perfect in his gait, but his eyes wide and terrified; an animal tortured to perfection.This man had that same look in his eyes."Where is he?" the man repeated. Then, unceremoniously dropped Tony.It was only luck Tony didn't brain himself on the edge of the table. His throat was on fire, and for a moment it was all he could do to lay on the floor and suck air.He felt thumping footsteps vibrate up through the floor before a new voice demanded, "You! There in the mask! Put your hands up!"Calvary, or at least the building's security, had arrived.The masked man whipped around, drawing his handgun. Tony had followed Rhodey around enough military bases to recognize professional stance, and trigger discipline when he saw it.The security guards were just on the other side of the boardroom's double doors, maybe thirty feet away . No way the gunman should have missed, but his shots went over the guards heads. They yelled and scattered down the hall.Snarling, the gunman -- the Soldier because that's how he moved, every movement efficient and purposeful -- stalked to the doors. The hinges were half-broken from being busted open, but the Soldier grabbed one curved door handle and twisted it to wrap around the other. With his bare hand.Tony sat up, rubbing at his bruised throat, and took stock. Alone inside a conference room with a gunman? Check. No suits, or a way to call them if he did have any? Double check."Whatever--whoever you want. You're not getting it," Tony ra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hostage Situations
Winteriron Bang
The Winter Soldier AU
Howard Stark is HYDRA

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

