Work Text:
When the Advanced Idea Mechanics scientists captured him, Steve couldn’t help but think that they were as surprised as he was. There were two militants in the lab that he’d infiltrated, one of which was male, short and fat with dirty, stringy hair. He looked like the kind of cowering gopher that Steve had come to associate with the underlings of the organization ever since they’d tried to assassinate the President a couple of months back. The woman, on the other hand, was slim and somewhat attractive. She didn’t exactly look like the kind of super models that AIM liked to push to the face of their organization, but her blonde hair was pinned neatly to her head and her face wasn’t the red, sweaty mess of her partner. Her hands were gripping some sort of pistol, shaking in front of her. This was supposed to be an easy, softball mission. After the incident with Tony and the President, basically every government agency had been on a manhunt for anyone associated with the science cult. Secret Service, CIA, FBI, MI6 you name it. All of the allies of the United States were terrified of the fact that one group could infiltrate so far into the government, nearly placing an agent in the Oval Office, in control of the largest military in the world (as well as nuclear launch codes). It had been a bureaucratic nightmare of the highest order. However, the international panic had one positive outcome in that AIM had been scoured from the four corners of the globe in a matter of months. There were still some holdouts, of course. There were certain powers who were interested in shielding any enemy of America, but for the most part AIM had been annihilated. For that reason, and because SHIELD was low on manpower—tied up in conflicts that Steve didn’t have the clearance to know about, apparently—Captain American had been allowed to take on a solo mission to get rid of a tiny AIM splinter cell. According to Fury, it had been a two-man (or rather, one-man-one-woman) operation. Intelligence suggested that they weren’t even truly AIM, but some other loosely affiliated organization. SHIELD wanted to know about their bosses, and so he wasn’t supposed to go in guns blazing, but rather as a friendly face, to try to coax them to the side of truth or justice or whatever it was that he was supposed to represent these days. It should be easy, Fury had said. They were just meek little lab rats, without any ideological ties to the greater movement. And now Steve was lying rigidly on the floor, unable to move his body except to roll his eyes around a little bit. He was never listening to Fury again.“I can’t believe it! It worked! It actually worked,” the woman cheered, laughing the sort of nervous, relieved laugh that was unique to people who thought they’d just barely escaped a horrible fate, like getting pushed off a cliff only to land on a ledge a few feet down. “The I.C.E.R. is just out of development,” the blubbering man insisted. “I told you it’d work on him! If it worked on Peterson…”  “Peterson and Captain America are in different leagues, different universes maybe. To imply that the Centipede program is in any way on par with Erskine’s work would practically be blasphemy. He was a traitor certainly, but one that helped produce the Red Skull.”Suddenly, Steve felt his insides chill. He redoubled his efforts to throw off whatever chemical paralysis agent was holding him captive. He’d been irritated with himself for getting captured before, mentally reassessing the threat level from ‘harmless’ to ‘okay, I should probably take this seriously’. The mention of Red Skull though… SHIELD had briefed him about the fact that over the past few decades, minor spinoff cults of Hydra had popped up here and there. If these people were some sort of Neo-Hydra, well, the situation just got a lot more serious and a lot more personal. The blonde gritted his teeth (good, he could move that much, then) and forced his muscles to cooperate. He managed to roll to his side, fingers brushing tantalizingly against the edge of his shield. Unfortunately, while the scientists weren’t very observant by any means, they didn’t miss him knocking over a cart in his struggles. It fell to the floor with a loud ‘crash’, various chemicals and beakers shattering across the floor noisily. “Shit!” the woman swore, before there were two pings against his chest. Steve felt the numbing sensation immediately spread through his body again. “Oh no, oh fuck… he’s going to shake off the paralysis. We don’t have any facilities capable of holding him here! He’s just going to throw it off faster and faster,” the chubby man blubbered.His partner looked to be thinking furiously, jaw clenched and face scrunched up. “What can we do… what can we do?” she muttered.“We have to kill him,” the man burst out.“No!” she cried. “This could be the greatest opportunity to study the Serum that we could ever ask for. It could advance our work by years… if not decades!”“Greer, we can’t hold him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Compliant
Quote: I'm with you 'til the end of the line
Community: capkink
loosely based on capkink prompt
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

