Work Text:
Bucky still falls apart a lot. He can’t even predict the things that will set him off – the flutter of a woman’s scarf in the wind, the mingled smell of lemons and fried dough, the clop of horses’ hooves, the gritty feel of cheap rest station soap – but it’s been a month since he’s done any violence or even much damage during one of his episodes. Mostly, he just comes to himself wedged into the tightest corner he could find, shaking and sobbing. A couple of times, there have been people with him, concerned strangers trying to talk him through the panic attack.Maybe, he thinks. Maybe he can come in from the cold, now that he’s more certain that he won’t try to kill anyone. He finds a public library and uses their computers to send a message: I want to go home. The cipher he uses on it is seventy-five years old, easily broken, and serves as his signature.Five hours later, he’s in Steve’s arms and they’re both sobbing unashamedly.Steve takes him back to Stark Tower, or Avengers Tower, it’s called now, and introduces him to the team – well, those who are in residence, anyhow. Steve tells him that Thor and Hawkeye and the Scarlet Witch are out gathering data for an important mission. Bucky nods his understanding. He used to scout ahead for the Howling Commandos, once upon a time, after all.Iron Man, also, is absent, but that is even easier to understand, Bucky thinks, recalling with sickening clarity a brief glimpse of Howard Stark’s frightened and furious expression as his sleek black car tumbled over the side of the road.***There is a small boy, no older than five, sitting at the table when Bucky comes to dinner. His hair is tousled and dark and in need of a trim, but he is remarkably still and quiet for his age, only his darting eyes giving any indication of a child’s natural energy.Bucky carefully takes the furthest seat, not wanting to frighten the child. “Who’s this?”The Black Widow sits next to the boy, and he gives her a timid smile that she returns warmly. “This is Tony,” she says. “We’re… taking care of him for a while. Tony, this is Bucky. He hasn’t been well lately, so be nice. Don’t play any tricks on him like sneaking up on him and surprising him, okay?”Tony nods his understanding and tucks into the plate set before him by the Iron Patriot (Bucky liked the name “War Machine” better). Tony eats quickly and quietly, speaking only when spoken to, and from watching the other Avengers’ expressions, Bucky thinks he is not the only one unsettled by Tony’s unchildlike behavior. He seems to trust the Black Widow most, accepting help when she offers it and leaning toward her when the conversation occasionally grows boisterously loud. But he always straightens again quickly, as soon as he notices, and never actually asks for help, struggling along with utensils too large for his tiny hands until she notices.The facade cracks briefly when the Falcon asks him about a robot – a toy of Tony’s, from what Bucky can tell – and Tony’s face lights up. He begins to excitedly detail the toy’s functions and capabilities, waving his arms with vigor to demonstrate its movement. After a few moments, he hesitates and stutters to a stop, looking uncertainly around the table. The little hands suddenly tuck under Tony’s thighs, and Tony’s eyes fall to his plate. “Sorry, you’re, uh, prob'ly, prob'ly not that– I mean, that’s kinda baby stuff to you. Sorry.”Falcon, who had been listening with apparent enjoyment, actually, looks frustrated now, and a little sad, and so do several of the others – Iron Patriot and Steve most particularly. The adults trade looks around the table. “Well, maybe after dinner you’ll show it to me,” Falcon says gently. “I’d really like to see it.”Tony does not seem encouraged. “If you want,” he says dubiously to his plate.The Avengers are looking at each other, clearly at a loss. Bucky wonders why Tony doesn’t believe that they like him, because they’re obviously all fond of him.“Psst,” he hisses, before he even knows he’s going to. Tony glances up, startled, and meets Bucky’s eyes. The others are looking, too, but Bucky’s focus is on the child. “You like robots?” Tony nods, expression cautious. Bucky strips the glove off his left hand and pushes the jacket sleeve up past his wrist, exposing the mechanical arm, and holds it up, wiggling his fingers. The whirr of the servos is loud in the sudden silence.“Bucky,” Steve breathes. He sounds choked again, but Bucky doesn’t look at him, can’t, because the boy’s eyes are round as saucers now, fixed on the glimmer of Bucky’s arm.“Is that real?” Tony asks, and Bucky feels a sudden warmth of pride for having provoked the kid into asking a question, into natural curiosity.“Sure is,” Bucky says, easy and smooth. “You can have a look later, if you want.”Tony’s eyes dart up to Bucky’s, cautious and judging, and then he looks at Black Widow for – permission? No, confirmation, Bucky realizes as the Widow nods solemnly. This kid, Bucky suddenly understands, has e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Feels
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

