Work Text:
Wanda wears perfume.And while that’s not something so very strange or unexpected from her, it’s unusual in the world of superheroes and spies. Perfumes make you identifiable, memorable. They alert others to your presence before anything else. Natasha hasn’t worn a perfume in her entire life. Sure, there are scents she likes, ones she smells indulgently when she’s in department stores or helping the helpless (Steve) pick out clothes somewhere, but she never tries them on. Never even dabs a little on her wrist.She’s always on the clock, whether she likes it or not.It’s a late Wednesday morning after a workout when Natasha catches the scent of her perfume on the air. She stops in the empty, pleasantly lit hallway, a towel slung around her shoulders, and stares off down the hall, toward where she knows Wanda’s room is. The perfume is earthy; a little salty like the ocean and sensual, like warm skin. Natasha puts one foot in the front of the other none-too decisively, doing it again and again until she’s all the way down the hall and standing in front of a door that is pulled nearly closed with just a sliver of the inside of the room visible.Natasha sees Wanda happen by that opening, a flash of pale skin and long dark hair. She takes a step back, her heart racing. Nevermind. She doesn’t even know why she’s here. It doesn’t really--The door opens and Wanda is there, her eyes bright and clear, hair down around her shoulders, a black tanktop fitting her snugly, just the way Natasha likes them on women. She lifts her eyes back up to Wanda’s face to find her smiling; small and secret, like she can see Natasha’s thoughts.Natasha blinks a few times, recovering, closing her mind up tight. Wanda probably can read her thoughts.“Hello, Natasha,” Wanda says in that low, staccatoed voice of hers. A smile pulls across her mouth that is bare of lipstick--a rarity--and Natasha can’t help but give her a reluctant one of her own.“Ah, sorry, I was just,” Natasha trails off, reaching up to tug the towel from around her shoulders just to have something to do. “Just wanted to see if you’d had breakfast?”“I have. I am an early riser. Watched the sun rise and all that.” Wanda’s smile grows as she lifts her hands to gather the long fall of her hair, combing it back with nimble, careful fingers into a ponytail, all the movement making the smell of her perfume and her deodorant come rushing up, flooding Natasha’s senses, making her mouth water. She takes a deep breath and forces herself to calm down, forces her heartbeat to slow. Surely Wanda can sense those kinds of things, too.“Okay,” she manages, taking a step back, looking down the hall and praying for someone talkative and distracting like Sam to round the corner. No such luck. “Alright, I guess I’ll--”“I had Lucky Charms for the first time today,” Wanda tells her out of absolutely nowhere, her voice almost distant, thoughtful. Natasha glances back at her, lifting an eyebrow and one corner of her mouth.“Oh, yeah? What’d you think?”Wanda meets her eyes again, green on green, and her smile is so pretty it’s almost blinding. She lets her hair go, lets it fall in a cascade of thick red-brown all around her. Natasha’s heart skips despite her best efforts.“It was delicious. I had two bowls. James said he’s going to the store today to buy different kinds. I think he’s experimenting on me.” Natasha’s eyes widen at the word “experimenting,” surprised that Wanda said it so easily, as a joke. It makes her relax a little, breath leaving her in a soft rush as she lowers her eyes, smirking down at her running shoes in an annoying, odd flash of shyness.“I bet there’s a lot of things you haven’t tried,” she offers, twisting the towel loose and lazy around her hand. “Especially weird, American things.”“That’s probably true for you as well?” Natasha can’t help but look back up again, finding her eyes and letting Wanda search hers, trying desperately to hide any stray thoughts from her but she doesn’t really know how her powers work. Can she just read her mind? Are all of her thoughts bare to Wanda no matter how hard she tries to hide them? She shifts from one foot to the other, hating how vulnerable she is with this girl, that there’s absolutely nothing she can do to change that because she’s already been undone by Wanda. Bested by her. And right now, it’s either try to understand her or hate her.“Yeah, I guess it is,” she finally says, slinging the towel over her shoulder and crossing her arms under her breasts, knowing her discomfort is too easy to read right now, but she can’t help it. She almost walks away, heads to her own room and leaves the conversation just like that; awkward and unfinished, but there’s something in Wanda’s eyes, some stray glint of hope, some earnest happiness because Natasha is here, is talking to her, something, that keeps Natasha where she is.“I have an idea,” she says out of nowhere, giving Wanda a mischievous smile that makes Wanda seem immediately interested.“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Flirting
Cuddling & Snuggling
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Avengers
Slow Burn
Pool Sex
Stone Butch Natasha
Fingerfucking
Face-Sitting
Cunnilingus
Tribadism
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov

