Work Text:
"We're not in a relationship."It's probably not the best thing to blurt right after someone has swallowed you down like a champion and then you've both come, hard, fast and messy on each other's stomachs. Tony has one hand gripped around them both and Steve one hand dug deep in Tony's hair. It’s the best kind of orgasm too; the one that takes you completely by surprise like a baseball bat to the back of the head in a dark alleyway.It’s spectacular.Right after that of course, Tony's brain reboots and starts feeding him data on what a monumental fuckup he is in all things, including this because you can’t just sleep with people like Captain America.Hence, the blurting."We're not in a relationship," Tony says again because it bears repetition. "You know that...these days this doesn't mean...not officially but we should rectify that or something? Am I making sense?"Tony knows with the benefit of hindsight that he should have had this conversation with Steve before the sex.Steve pulls back, hair mussed and trousers hanging open in an obscene way and he hasn't said a thing, just kind of looks guilty. “I’m not saying that this... I mean you probably just assumed that we were... it just doesn’t work like that these days without some kind of conversation and-” Tony continues to babble.“I meant to talk to you about this before... before...” Steve kind of gestures at them both, at the general level of their disarray. He’s still looking guilty.“Yeah, me too,” Tony says quickly, because Steve’s expression is really not what he’d been expecting. He was thinking he would get amusement, maybe a little exasperation. Not this careful kind of frown. “We don’t have to exchange rings or anything, just, y’know, maybe tell some people even though I know Clint and Natasha will already-”“Tony,” Steve snaps and he sounds pained. There’s the exasperation Tony was waiting for, but it’s not the good kind. Tony winces when it sounds like the way Howard would say his name when Tony was a little too desperate for his attention. “Tony, I’ve been meaning to say that I don’t think this can work.”Tony blinks, manic grin slowly sliding off his face. Usually he sees this coming because even though Pepper tells him time and again that he’s too self-absorbed, locked in his own little Tony-world, he’s well aware when he fucks up with other people. He’s not always sure when he’s done the right thing, but he can definitely pinpoint the exact moment he’s done the wrong one.There is no exact moment here.Like he’s read his mind, Steve says all earnest and forthright, “It’s nothing you’ve done.”“Is it something I haven’t done?” Tony asks, bewildered, hoping that it doesn’t sound like he’s begging. The sweat is still cooling on his skin, his shirt is pushed up under his armpits and jeans hanging off one leg. There’s no real way to put himself back together delicately so he just does it as quickly and efficiently as possible when Steve backs up off him and tugs his own pants back together.“Of course not,” Steve says, talking into his chest because he’s still occupied with doing up his belt and not looking Tony in the eye. His pants are a mess, no way they’re going to be able to pass in decent company but then all Steve has to do is go upstairs because he lives here now. “I just... I think it’s best we... I’ve been thinking about it and before we get too involved...”Tony’s still just watching Steve, running hands through his ruined hair, then dry-washing his face. “I mean, you know I’m right?” Steve still looks ridiculously solid and dependable and lovely while trying to let Tony down gently.  Tony wants to get angry, wants to demand Steve tell him what’s different, what could have possibly happened to make Steve suddenly change his mind because Tony knows, despite what Steve’s saying, the way he’s acting, that he has. Something’s happened that’s made Steve back the hell up, reassess the situation and decide that...Tony wasn’t worth it.Fuck that.“Right, yeah, before we get attached,” Tony says quickly, nodding so hard that it’s surprising his head doesn’t pop off and roll across the workshop floor.“No it’s not... geez Tony, I’m attached to you,” Steve says and Tony swallows, thinks maybe he’s been misunderstanding what Steve’s been saying, that Steve isn’t trying to unceremoniously dump him after a hasty mutual hand job except, “I just think that the whole relationship, us, isn’t a good idea. There’s too many... variables.”“Variables,” Tony repeats. Swallows again to make sure that his voice doesn’t come out weak and wavering when he says, “Yeah, of course, totally agree.”“You do?” Steve says and Tony thinks maybe he looks disappointed for a second but the expression closes down fast and instead there’s a weirdly tight relief. “No, great, that’s great. So we’re good, we can still-?”“Absolutely,” Tony says, wants to get Steve out of his workshop before he does something undignified like throw a spanner at Steve’s head. He turns away from Steve, to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Domestic
accidental feels
Dysfunctional Family

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor

