Work Text:
Tony has a fairly unique relationship with clothes. He grew up surrounded by people who were either employees of Stark Industries, military personnel, or government agents. This meant everyone wore fine clothing, most often in the form of neat suits and pristine uniforms, not to mention the lavish evening gowns and tuxes filling the high society events Tony had been forced to attend since childhood. He can probably count the number of times he'd ever seen his father in anything but a suit, not including the rare occasions Howard took off his tie. As for Tony, he's never worn a suit that wasn't tailored specifically for him, and his wardrobes are full of obscenely expensive designer labels and one-of-a-kind pieces.If there was ever any novelty to dressing up, it wore off long before Tony can remember. When he's not dressing for an occasion, he'll wear the same jeans and t-shirt combo for days on end, changing only when it becomes necessary due to stains, burns or tears. Or, on a handful of occasions, JARVIS' thinly veiled disgust. Tony's not sure how or why an AI would get fussy about hygiene, but it's definitely not a trait JARVIS had inherited from him.The point is, Tony never really placed much stock in what a person wears. It takes more than a fancy outfit to get him to sit up and take notice, because let's face it, if that was the scale he used to measure his partners he'd only ever be fucking himself. And while the concept is certainly intriguing from a purely theoretic standpoint, not even Tony is narcissistic enough to figure that one out. (Alright, so maybe he's already worked out some of the logistics, but he's not narcissistic enough to try them.)So he's really not sure where exactly this uniform kink came from. Except that's a lie, isn't it? Tony has a pretty damn good idea where it came from, can give the exact weight and dimensions of the six-foot-two package it was delivered in precisely eight seconds ago when it walked into his workshop. But oh, he's got it bad."Tony?" Steve asks. "Did you hear what I said?"It takes a supreme effort for Tony to clear his thoughts long enough to respond. And because he's a genius, he even manages to get out a complete sentence."What?"Totally counts as a sentence. "I said," Steve says patiently. "Rhodey called to say he's running late, so we're going to meet him at the gala. We should probably get going soon."Tony only comprehends about 35% of that, but nods along anyway."Which means you should probably start getting dressed?" Steve presses on. "I know times have changed, but I'm pretty sure sweat pants and a t-shirt aren't considered 'formal wear.'""You're wearing a uniform," Tony blurts out.Steve frowns slightly, glancing down at himself as if to make sure he hadn't missed anything. "Um, yes?" It comes out as a question, and he gives Tony a look that's equal parts confusion and amusement."Your old army outfit--""Service uniform," Steve corrects."--from the fucking forties, Jesus, it's like you stepped out of a period film, I can't tell if my vision's gone sepia or not." Tony's rambling now, he can hear himself rambling and there's that little crinkle in Steve's forehead that means he's not making any sense and he should probably stop talking. "How do you even still have that? Shouldn't it be in a museum somewhere? You know they have like, a Captain America shrine down in SHIELD headquarters, right? I should take you there sometime, it's great, they've got that dummy grenade you threw yourself on and everything and why haven't I seen you wearing that before?"Steve blinks at the sudden onslaught of questions, confusion slowly giving way to self-consciousness. "They kept almost all of my possessions while I was-- And, well, it's not like I had a lot to begin with," he says, fidgeting slightly and picking at his cuffs. "I thought it would be appropriate for the event, honoring veterans and all. But you're right. It's, it's flashy. I should change--" "Don't you fucking dare," Tony says, a little too vehemently based off the alarmed look on Steve's face. Tony makes a mental note to kick himself later for that and takes a steadying breath, forcing himself to calm down. It's not easy; Steve is always distractingly attractive no matter what he's wearing (or not wearing, as the case may be). To be presented without warning Steve in vintage military dress -- dark olive serge offset by bright gold buttons, every gorgeous inch of him immaculately in place and begging to be roughed up... Tony's only human, despite any claims he might make to the contrary while under the influence of alcohol or adrenaline or caffeine-fueled work frenzy.He clears his throat and steps closer, moving around his workbench and insinuating himself into Steve's space with practiced ease. Slowly, he lifts a hand to trace the edge of one of Steve's lapels, fingers brushing over the outstretched wings of an SSR pin, and dips his head a little to look up at Steve through his lashes. It's a s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Uniforms
Blow Jobs
Face-Fucking
Dom/sub Undertones
Power Dynamics
Kink Negotiation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

