Work Text:
When Foggy Nelson was twenty years old, monsters tore through Harlem, clawing up streets and buildings so close to his dorm room he could feel the floor shaking.
When he was twenty-three, an American legend who’d been dead for half a century burst into Times Square and stopped traffic for an hour.
When he was twenty-four, aliens poured out of a hole in the sky, blowing half of Midtown to hell and ripping the facade off the apartment building he’d grown up in.  His parents barely made it out alive.  They were saved, they told him, by a Norse god from outer space.
So yeah, he knows all about insane, impossible things happening in the city he loves.
But finding out his best friend is a literal demon is still going to take some getting used to.
“You’re staring at me,” Matt says from his huddled spot on the couch.
“Do you blame me?” Foggy asks.  Matt looks the same as he always has right now.  Well, no - he isn’t usually so beat up he looks like he might die at any moment, and generally when Foggy’s around him he’s wearing more than a faded pair of boxers after his shredded, bloodstained crimefighting outfit has been cut off of him.  But under the swollen cheekbone and split lip and literally dozens of stitches, it’s Matt’s familiar handsome face and unkempt hair and beautiful, unfocused eyes.
When Foggy found him on the floor, though, he had red skin like burnished leather, jet black hair, and black, iris-less eyes, and he was leaking black blood like ichor onto the carpet from a dozen wounds.
Oh, and there were the little horns.  The little horns are kind of hard to forget.
“Is that what you really look like?” Foggy asks.  He loves Matt’s face, probably more than strictly platonic, brotherly affection merits.  He hates to think that it’s all a lie.
Of course, demonic Matt has the same perfect bone structure and unrealistically excellent abs as familiar human Matt, but Foggy’s kind of uncomfortable with what it says about him that he noticed that, so he’s going to put that thought in a box and leave it there for now.
“It’s what I can look like,” Matt says.  “There’s a...a range.  I go full demon to, uh…”
“To scare people,” Foggy finishes.  The Devil of Hell’s Kitchen has been terrorizing criminals for months now.  Foggy always figured it was an ordinary dude in a costume, made larger-than-life by his hysterical victims.  Matt was conspicuously silent on this particular theory of Foggy’s, which makes a lot more sense now; Matt’s never lacked for an opinion before.
“I never meant to scare you,” Matt says, looking like a puppy who got into the trash when he knew he wasn’t supposed to.  That face usually works on Foggy, but he thinks it’ll take more than Matt looking tragic to make this right.
"You looking like Halloween came early doesn't scare me," Foggy says, which is only partially a lie.  Yeah, finding the Devil of Hell's Kitchen on Matt's floor scared the shit out of him.  He was dialing 911 and trying to figure out what to say - "Hello, police?  There's a dying demon at my feet and I think he ate my friend" - by the time he recognized Matt's nose and lips and smile lines.
But this is Matt.  Emissary of Hell or not, he'd never hurt Foggy.
But what will happen if Matt runs into too many criminals or cops or, shit, Foggy doesn't know, freaking vampire slayers?  If he's arrested or exorcised or killed, like he almost was tonight?
Yeah.  That scares Foggy breathless.
"You can't do this," he says.  "You're breaking the law.  You're doing exactly what you told me and Karen not to!"
"I have to," Matt says, fighting to sit up.  Trust Matt to be the only demon in history to be stupidly determined to kill himself fighting for justice.  "This city needs me to - "
He cuts off with a hiss of pain, pitching forward, and Foggy catches him without thinking.  His hands land on Matt's shoulders.  Matt's skin is feverishly hot beneath his palms.
A wave of desire rushes over Foggy, dizzyingly fast.  He wants to touch every inch of that skin, to find out if it's that hot all over.  He wants to lick Matt, head to toe.  He wants to climb onto Matt, to impale himself on his cock and he doesn't care if it's pink or red as long as he can ride it until Matt's breathless and begging.  He wants, he wants, he wants...
He rips his hands away and stumbles back, shocked.  He's hard, achingly hard, and judging by what Matt told him about all the things he can hear and smell, Matt probably knows about this, too.  He's certainly staring in Foggy's general direction like he can see all of Foggy's wildly inappropriate thoughts.
Distantly, Foggy notes that Matt's cheek looks less swollen.  But that's secondary to how incredibly unacceptable his own brain has suddenly become.
"So, you're okay, right?" he asks, stumbling back even further.  "You're all stitched up, you've got water, you had a snack, probably you just need to be left alone to rest.  I should go."
“Foggy, I…” Matt says, then licks his lips, and a full-body shudder runs throu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Demons
Alternate Universe - Succubi & Incubi

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

