Work Text:
Steve smiles a bit at the handwritten sign on the door though it's not exactly a confidence booster. But he knocks anyway, sure the sign isn't an indicator of skill. Money doesn't mean brilliance.
'It's open!' a man calls and Steve pushes the door open. The office is as shabby as the sign and very open, mostly because there's not a lot of furniture visible beyond a single desk and some printers on boxes. Standing in front of the desk is a dark haired man, wearing sunglasses and holding a cup of coff- no tea, Steve can see the tea bag from here.
'Nelson and Murdock. How can I help you-?' The man tilts his head with a mild smile.
Steve frowns. He's not really used to going unrecognised though it is nice when it happens. 'Steve. Steve Rogers.' He thinks about holding out a hand, but the other man's hands are full so it probably wouldn't be polite.
'Matt Murdock. What can I do for you?' Murdock? One of the lawyers? Steve's already high esteem for this firm increases. He's definitely making the right choice in coming here rather than using one of Tony's faceless pricey lawyers.
But, just to check... 'You're one of the partners?'
Murdock nods, still with that mild smile. 'I am.'
'And you're greeting clients?'
The smile grows, now almost seeming genuine. 'I am, yes. My partner and secretary went out to get something to drink and left me to hold the fort.' He holds up the cup. 'I've enough tea to manage until they return with the coffee.' Murdock's smile slips off his face. 'Is there anything I can help with?'
Oh yeah, Steve should tell him why he's here. 'I'm, ah. Looking for a lawyer.'
'Well you're certainly in the right place.' The smile returns to Murdock's face and he moves towards a door. 'One moment.' He ducks into the room - an office, by the look of it - and comes out with a laptop and tape recorder. 'This way please.'
Murdock leads Steve to a conference room and gestures vaguely at the table. 'Take a seat.' Steve slips into the seat he thinks Murdock meant as the man moves to the other side of the table. He waves his hand in the air near the top of the chair, until it touches it, then grips it and pulls it out.
Oh. Right. That explains the glasses then. Not just a fashion statement. And the lack of recognition. A mean spirited part of him thinks. Steve buries the thought as deep as he can.
'Do you mind if I record this?' While Steve's been thinking, Murdock has taken his seat and set up the laptop and tape recorder.
Steve nods without thinking. There's a long pause before he realises what he's done, 'Oh sorry. I nodded. It's fine.'
Murdock runs his fingers along the buttons and presses record. 'Mr Rogers, my name for the record is Matt Murdock. You've expressed an interest in engaging my firm as representation on your behalf.'
But that's not quite right. 'No. Well, yes. I need a lawyer but it's not for myself. I'm, uh, acting for someone else's.'
That has clearly thrown Murdock. 'Hmm. And this person is aware of this meeting and agrees fully with you discussing their case with u-me?'
'Yes. It's... it's a little hard for him to be in public right now; or to meet strangers. So I've come to meet you first to see if you would be willing to take his case. And if I think you're capable of handing it.' Murdock stiffens a bit, but doesn't speak so Steve continues, 'And if so, I'll organise a meeting with him as soon as possible.'
It's almost too cloak and dagger for Steve, but he's learnt a lot about this kind of thing since he got to the future. And for Bucky... for Bucky he'd do anything.
Murdock nods. 'Fine. May I have your friend's name?'
This is the test. 'Ah, Barnes. James Barnes.' Murdock's head lifts and Steve can see the signs of surprise on his face, though his eyes are covered.
Because Steve Rogers alone? That could be a coincidence. But a Steve Rogers with a friend named James Barnes? That's a whole other story. Even though the world thinks Bucky is dead, it's way too much of a coincidence for even the most oblivious of people not to notice.
And Murdock is definitely an observant man. 'Sergeant James Barnes?'
'Well, he was never officially discharged so, yes?' Steve considers then adds, 'I don't think he wants to be called that.'
Murdock nods. 'I'll keep that in mind. I was under the impression Sergeant Barnes was... the late Sergeant Barnes.'
Steve sighs. 'It's a long story,' he warns. 'Relevant to Bucky's case but not an easy one.'
'I'm listening.'

********

Steve's just finished outlining the basics - only the basics - of Bucky's story when Murdock's partner and secretary return.
'Matt, we found coffee! And bagels, the best ba- Oh shit.'
There's the sound of a paper box hitting the ground and Steve turns to look. A long haired and slightly overweight man and a tall woman are standing in front of the same desk Murdock had been in front of. Both of them are holding coffee cups - the woman has two - and it looks like the man was the one who just dropped the box of bagels.
They both also hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Crossover
Friendship
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

