Work Text:
Steve knew he was heavy, and that was why he was resting some of his weight on his forearms, that and so that he could press tiny soft fluttering kisses down the back of Tony’s neck, down his spine and over his shoulders.  And so he could hold Tony’s hands in his own, as Tony gasped and groaned and gripped him tight like a vise as Steve moved in and out of him, and hopefully Tony could still breathe, even when a particularly deep stroke into Tony’s body made Tony choke on his own breath for a second.  Tony writhed under him as Steve shifted back, just enough to slide the barest inch out of his body, then thrust up and into him again, and buried his face in the sheets under them as he gasped and made little broken moans and Steve knew he must have hit his sweet spot again, and more on target this time. Tony groaned, arched his rear up against him, and Steve obliged him with another deep thrust against the same spot that made Tony give a whimpering gasp and bite his lip.But part of the reason he was covering Tony like this, holding him down to the bed so that his own body touched almost every last inch of Tony’s and he could feel each flex and tremble of the firm, leanly muscled body under his, was because he was heavy, and Tony liked it—liked the weight, liked to be covered and held down.  Tony had never explained exactly why, but Steve had a few ideas—Tony liked to hide his face during sex when he got overwhelmed, but he liked to be held and touched.  He liked it when Steve grabbed his wrists and held him down when they got into it at times, and Steve thought Tony liked the feeling of safety, of helplessness at the same time, and the contact.  And he knew at times Tony liked just being made to take it.  Or maybe he was just projecting, since Steve loved to be covered like this during sex, too, but—what the hell, Tony liked it, he knew he did, and that was what mattered.  And it was wonderful, incredible, just beautiful the way Tony moved with him, arching his back and his rear with the little space he had so he could move with Steve, into his thrusts.He could feel the pleasure twisting tighter and tighter inside him, shooting down into his cock, lighting him on fire from the inside out, and he leaned down, let his mouth linger wetly over Tony’s shoulder before he kissed his way up the back of his neck, sucked lightly on his skin, careful not to apply enough suction to leave even a temporary mark, and gasped in his ear, “I’m close.”  He felt a little self-conscious—they hadn’t been doing this long, and it felt to him like they’d barely even started.Tony groaned as if that had sent heat lancing through his whole body.  “Oh, Jesus, Steve,” he mumbled, “please, please.”  He tightened up around Steve, body working and rippling around Steve in that way he was so good at, practically giving him an internal massage, base to tip, and Steve choked and almost came right there.  He managed to hold off by biting the inside of his lip, hard, and dug his knees harder into the bed to get a better angle.“Please what?” he managed to gasp out into Tony’s ear. “Please come?” It felt like hell to pull back out of Tony’s tight, grasping heat, the glorious slick friction of his welcoming body, even the barest inch, but he did it, just so he could rock back inside and feel that pleasure shoot through him again, and see Tony rock and moan and chew on his own lip and practically jackknife under him with the pleasure, quiet muffled sounds spilling out of him around the grip his teeth had on his bottom lip.“Come in me,” Tony groaned, pressing his cheek into the sheets and looking up at Steve dizzily, his one visible eye hazy through the dark screen of lashes covering it.  He licked his bitten lip and panted and Steve thought that God, that right there would be enough to make him come if Tony kept doing it. He wasn’t sure if Tony really desperately wanted that, or if he knew how much Steve enjoyed coming inside him, filling him up with his cock and then his seed until Tony was overflowing with it, and that always made him feel vaguely flushed and wrongfooted when he thought about it like that, but when he saw Tony full and dripping it was—It was just—His come down Tony’s thighs, dripping out of his well-fucked hole and Steve—Okay, so he had a, a thing.  Tony would have called it a kink.  Tony was probably right, but it was hard for Steve to phrase things in those terms.  It sounded so clinical.  But the fact was, he liked filling Tony up, knowing he’d stuffed him full and now he was dripping and messy with it.  Hell, he could barely fit his cock all the way into Tony, and when he came, he came a lot, and it always left Tony a mess, and he was so, so lucky that Tony didn’t mind it, didn’t insist he use a condom because Tony did like to be clean and—He was just so lucky to have him. Steve pressed a heartfelt, fervent kiss to the back of Tony’s neck, where he could practically feel his heart pounding through his body even if it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Comeplay
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Anal Sex
Orgasm Delay
Orgasm Control
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Dirty Talk
Begging
mentions of struggles with orgasm on Tony’s part
Established Relationship
Porn with Feelings

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

