Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Dock five,” Erik repeated, checking Azazel’s messy handwriting again. This was dock five, so this must be the boat he was looking for, but to call it a boat seemed a woeful understatement. A gigantic luxury yacht sat before him, pristine and glorious, especially luminous compared to the dirty fishing trawlers and cracked speed boats surrounding it.Erik shrugged, adjusting his grip on his toolbox and taking the little boarding bridge onto the lowest deck. “Hey!” he called. “Hello!”A dark-haired man’s head popped over the railing on the top deck. “May I help you?” he called down, a light accent to his voice.“Yeah, I’m the electrician.”“Ah, one moment please.” The head disappeared.Erik took a moment to once again study the massive ship and wonder just what the hell it was doing in this podunk coastal town instead of somewhere expensive and exclusive. Even the metal of it felt different than the surrounding ships, more solid and rich.The man had finally made his way down to Erik, a polite smile pasted on his rather handsome face. “Hello,” he greeted, manners impeccable. “My master called for you. We’re having trouble with the power on the top deck. The air conditioner won’t turn on.”Erik raised a brow at the use of the word “master” but decided an easy paycheck was worth letting it slide. “Show me.”The man nodded and led Erik up two decks until they reached the top of the boat, which was an impressive height. Another man was there, lounging on a cushioned bench at the bow of the yacht in a ridiculously small blue speedo and an open robe.“Janos,” he said, words slightly slurred. “It’s hot.”“Yes, sir,” Janos replied immediately, picking up the nearby wine bottle and refilling the lounging man’s glass. “The electrician is here to fix it.”The drunk, mostly naked man turned blurry blue eyes on Erik. “Why, hello,” he drawled, his lips curling into a small smirk.“The AC,” Erik prompted, ignoring the obvious come on, and Janos nodded, leading him along the outside of the cabin to the small closet that held the machine before excusing himself to return to his no doubt high maintenance master. Erik determined the problem quickly and easily with a sweep of his powers, and glad to see it was a relatively simple fix, set to work. The outrageously drunk man’s posh voice carried from the around the corner where he was chittering to his servant.“I hope it’s fixed quickly. I’m surely going to die if it’s not. Can I have some more of that delicious wine? Thanks, darling. Oh, and where’s Sebastian?” Erik stiffened, accidentally bending the wire in his hand. “I haven’t seen him all day.”“He’s gone into town to pick up a few things.”The man huffed out a laugh. “I’m sure he did. I hope he gets his dick wet there so he doesn’t bother me.”Erik’s brows raised, but he didn’t need to get caught up in rich people’s idle gossip. He threw himself fully into his work, blocking out the inane conversation. He was so focused that he didn’t even hear the padding of footsteps behind him until a sudden shadow appeared over him, giving him mild relief from the heat of the sun.“Is it fixed yet?”Erik, from his crouched position, turned to the face the man, his eyes tracing up the lightly muscled legs, over the bulge in his speedo, up his flat stomach, past his light pink nipples and finally settling on his face.“No,” he said, and the breeze blew then, carrying with it a sweet scent that Erik inhaled despite himself.An omega.He should have guessed. Omegas were the most rare designation, but Erik had known a few in his life, and they had always been just as hardworking and headstrong as any alpha or beta. The upper classes, however, treated their omegas differently, pampering them like a prized pet and making sure they never saw a bit of hardship in their lives. That this little piece of fluff was a spoiled brat came as no surprise.“Could you hurry? I’m really quite hot.”Erik gritted his teeth. “I’m working on it. It’s easier without interruptions.”“Rude,” the omega said with a frown, but he turned away, swaying slightly as he made his way back down the deck. Erik’s eyes caught on the bond bite on the back of his neck, and that explained why Erik hadn’t noticed his scent the moment he’d stepped on board. Mated omegas still smelled good, but their scent was mixed with their alphas’, dampening it and making it less appealing to others.Shrugging, Erik got back to work and managed to finish in good time. Wiping his hands on his jeans, he made his way to the front of the yacht again. “AC should be working now.”“Lovely,” the lounging omega said, taking another long sip of wine. “Janos, be a dear and turn it on.” Janos nodded and went into the cabin, coming back out a moment later and propping the door open so that cool air could flow out onto the deck. “Perfect.” The omega smiled contently, completely uncaring about the sheer amount of power he was wasting. No wonder the AC had burned out.“Pay him,” the omega ordered, adjusting hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
(brief) Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: Still Have Powers
Amnesia
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Erik
Omega Charles
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Fluff and Angst
Slow Burn
Kid Fic
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic
Honestly Erik what are you thinking
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Romance
dadneto

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
(brief) Sebastian Shaw/Charles Xavier

