Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Momentary Paws (or, DO NOT WANT)
Part 1

Tony wakes up almost suffocating under the weight of his covers, far too warm. It takes him far too long to claw his way out of the tangle, and it's only when he emerges at the edge of the bed, blinking in the morning light, that he realises something is wrong. The floor is much further away than it was last night, and the bed seems much larger than it should be.
He brings up a hand to rub his eyes and clear his vision, and freezes as he sees a paw instead of fingers.
He closes his eyes, shakes his head, opens his eyes. The paw is still there, and obviously he's hallucinating because he hasn't had his requisite three cups of coffee, which he is going to fix right now, thank you very much.
He gets (jumps) off the bed, landing with much more grace than he usually displays this early, and marches his way across the room. Thankfully the door is open a crack, and he wriggles his way through and darts down the corridor. He doesn't meet anyone along the way (oh, that would be a great conversation starter - 'hi, Peter, am I a cat?' 'No, Tony, are you feeling alright? Also, you might want to put on some clothes' - Tony resists the urge to look down and check, he was wearing a T-shirt and shorts when he stumbled into bed last night and therefore should still be wearing them when he stops hallucinating) and the kitchen is empty.
The coffee is normally kept on the third shelf in the cupboard. Tony sits on his haunches and stares resentfully at the closed cupboard doors for a good five minutes before realising that there was probably a tin on the bench next to the kettle.
He looks up at the towering height of the kitchen bench, and takes a run-up.
His flying leap knocks over two mugs (only one of them breaks) and almost sends him skidding into the sink. Tony ignores the shattered china in favour of heading straight to the coffee tin. The lid is hammered down pretty solidly but he has claws, and when it comes clattering off he knocks the can over and starts licking, rich aroma of coffee rising around him, almost overpowering.
His brain hasn't quite kicked into gear by the time he hears footsteps coming down the hall, and he ignores the noise in favour of eating more coffee. The footsteps cross the kitchen and the fridge opens, and then Steve exclaims from right behind him "There's a kitten in the kitchen!" and Tony skitters sideways, knocking the coffee tin right off the bench and onto the floor.
"Sorry-" Steve apologises immediately, hands out and making what Tony's sure Steve thinks are non-threatening motions. "Sorry there, little guy, shouldn't have startled you. Where did you come from?"
Tony backs away down the bench, leaving coffee-stained pawprints in his wake, and Steve follows, not letting him get further away.
"Come on," Steve says. "Not trying to hurt you, little guy, just trying to find out who you belong to."
"It's Tony, idiot-" Tony goes to say, but it comes out as a plaintive-sounding yowl, and he's shocked enough by the sound of his own voice that Steve moves smoothly forward and catches him up in big hands before he can get out of the way.
"Easy," Steve rumbles, cradling Tony against his chest. "Well, no collar on you, huh? How did you get in?"
"I live here," Tony snaps at him futilely, and the meow that comes out of his mouth has Steve scritching him gently behind the ears.
"Well, I think you've probably had enough coffee," Steve says, shaking his head at Tony's mess. "Why don't we see if anyone else knows who you belong to?"
Tony isn't happy about leaving the coffee, but at least the stuff he has eaten is starting to coax his brain to take up higher function. He's had his coffee, and he's still a cat; ergo, he's probably not hallucinating. ...On the other hand, Steve is still cradling him against his chest, and Steve is very warm. There doesn't seem to be a pressing need to work out a way to communicate.
Steve heads back down the corridor towards the rooms, the place looking almost normal from Tony's vantage point.
"I wonder if Tony knows where you came from?" Steve rumbles softly. "Be like him to pick up a kitten and then leave it to eat coffee on its own."
"It is not!" Tony yowls angrily, and Steve shakes his head.
"Coffee is bad for kittens," he says solemnly. "Don't let Tony tell you otherwise."
"I would not leave a kitten on its own," Tony mutters to himself, but Steve is already outside Tony's room and pushing open the door gently.
"Tony?" he calls softly.
Tony squirms around in Steve's hands so he can see the room. The bedding is rucked and twisted, but there's definitely no-one in the bed.
"Up early, or staying up late?" Steve muses, and pulls the door to. "Let's try the garage."
The elevator takes them straight to Tony's basement, and Steve enters his security code, voice print and retinal scan before the doors grant them access. Apart from the humming of machines, soft but incessant, the lab is quiet, still. One disassembl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony hates the news media
holy shit what's happened to Tony
Animal Transformation
YES I SAID KITTEN

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

