Chapter 1: Tom Collins
    




Chapter Text
The new bartender is going to be an issue.See, the thing is, Steve’s worked from the ground up. He’s been cooking since he was ten and his mom decided that it was time for him to learn to make his own grilled cheese when she had to work late. It wasn’t long until he began washing dishes and bussing tables at Sam’s mom’s place for a small paycheck after school before it was strictly legal. At sixteen he convinced his mom to let him drop out of high school, and he got his GED while being enrolled in culinary school. He graduated first in his class, and has held just about every position in a kitchen in the twelve years since he quit school.And how he’s 28, still skinny and asthmatic, and wears a hearing aid, but he has tattoos covering his arms and piercings up and down each ear. He came in third on the 15th season of Top Chef, and won more Quickfires than any other chef, which left him with $65,000—enough to start a restaurant with Sam. (Of course, after the trip for two to the south of France Steve also won.) So Sam works as a manager, and Steve is the executive chef of Howling Commando, an American fine dining establishment in Brooklyn, New York.But the bartender is going to be an issue.“Ah, heard you were expeditin’ tonight,” Bucky says, handing Steve a drink only moments after he walked into the bar. The bar is made of old wood, one of the few things he and Sam kept in-tact from the original structure of the building they bought. It’s long and dark, and behind are panels of mirrors with wood separating each pane of glass. The lights from above make the stacks of bottles sparkle behind Bucky, who is smiling with the drink in his hand. “You want a Tom Collins, right? I’m gonna feel like a real ass if you wanted somethin’ different tonight.”“Uh, I wanted a Tom Collins,” Steve says, trying to step a little out of the light as he takes the glass so Bucky won’t notice the brush creeping up his cheeks. He always grabs a drink before he starts expediting. It helps him loosen up a little, and the Tom Collins is refreshing in the warm kitchen. And there’s something a little special that Bucky adds in—Steve’s not sure what. Maybe elderflower? Either way, his drinks have Steve so spoiled—most young bartenders don’t even know what a Tom Collins is. But Bucky made it, and made it well the first time Steve asked at his interview.Meanwhile, Bucky pretends his boss isn’t the most awkward human in the restaurant business—or at least Steve assumes that he is—and smiles. “You gotta tell me how you landed on this drink sometime.” Bucky’s hair is slicked back, and his eyes are bright and blue underneath the lights, and Steve entertains a brief but incredibly inappropriate thought about opening the buttons of Bucky’s black vest with his teeth.And that’s why the new bartender is an issue.“I, uh, sure,” Steve stutters out. He’s not usually this inarticulate. When he’s in the kitchen he’s precise and astute. Around his friends, Steve is sarcastic and glib. Abut when he’s with Bucky, he’s a marshmallow, and not like, a beautiful marshmallow-yogurt sauce garnishing a semifreddo. No, he’s a slightly stale, store-bought marshmallow that the dog has gnawed on a bit before a four year-old picked off the floor, only to have their mother grab it from their hand and throw it in the trash. “I need to, uh…” Steve starts, gesturing towards the kitchen with his drink, spilling a little onto his hand in the process. “Aw, shit,” Steve says, but before he can do a thing, Bucky is taking the drink from Steve with one hand, and wiping the spill from Steve’s hand with a black cocktail napkin.Bucky’s fingers brush Steve’s skin as he pulls away, and Steve thinks that his sous chef could grab him and serve him up with some drawn butter, because he’s as red as a boiled lobster.Food jokes. Ha ha ha.“There ya go,” Bucky says. “All better.” He crumbles up the black napkin, and tosses it into the trash bin beneath the bar. Steve should thank him, or say something cute, but he’s just sort of gaping at his problematic bartender, who everyone loves, and who Steve maybe loves most of all.“Good luck over there tonight,” Bucky says. “Let me know if you want a refill for once.” He winks at Steve, and then Sharon is calling for Bucky’s attention from the other side of the bar, and so Steve grabs his drink from where Bucky left it on the bar, and heads to the kitchen.
…
Cooking comes naturally to Steve. He loves the process—the creation and artistry that comes into creating a dish, finding the perfect flavor profile. Coming up with the menu for Howling Commando was probably the most fun he’s ever had, just puttering around the kitchen and making Sam and Sharon try a hundred different sauces.But expediting? That’s a different story.It’s loud and hard, and you’re tackling a thousand different things at once, and none of them involve sauce. So by the time he calls out the last orders of the night—one pork chop with hard cide
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Restaurant
Restaurants
restaurant AU
Alternate Universe
AU
Pining
Slow Burn
Bartenders
Bartender Bucky
Chef Steve
Annoyed Manager Sam
Food And Beverage Manager Sharon
Pastry Chef Peggy
Waitress Darcy
Loki the Brony - Freeform
Maria the Police Officer
Tony is still a billionaire

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson

