Work Text:





Tony Stark is no one's special snowflake. If he ever forgot this, there was a long queue of people flat out eager to remind him. As in if he had a dollar for every time someone had told him, he'd probably be the richest man in the world. Versus the country. Or close enough. But since his father had been the first to tell him somewhere in the vicinity of, okay, on his third birthday, Tony had never forgotten. Instead, even before he felt compelled to add 'murderer' to his list of faults, Tony had embraced the notion that he was an immature, irresponsible, narcissistic (yes, oddly he could hate himself and feel superior to everyone at the same time because he was just that much of a genius) all around not nice person.Case in point, his best friend was his employee, and while Pepper Potts had far too much integrity to be bought by even the Stark fortune, he did pay her enough to compensate for the hassle of having to constantly deal with him. Most days. His driver enjoyed a similar elevated tax bracket, although not as high as Pepper's since Happy Hogan didn't have to put up with him nearly as often. He supposed James Rhodes could be considered the exception to prove the rule, except the military had paid the lieutenant colonel to be his military liaison until Tony wised up enough to ditch the arms merchant gig. And he'd swear to his dying day that it was pure coincidence that he'd happened to give Rhodey the War Machine armor before he could figure out no one was paying or ordering him to spend any time with Tony. So yeah, second best friend paid in high-tech swag to pretend he liked him. Check.All of which ignored the Avengers. But not really. They lived in the Tower he'd built. Rent free, of course. Plus he showered them with appropriate gifts like new arrow designs, custom-built labs, art supplies, sharp pointy things and crates of Pop-Tarts. Add to this that in his Iron Man armor he was handy to have around in a fight, and it all equaled they were well-paid, too.So, to recap, no one who didn't have a vested stake in his continued wealth and/or fruits of his genius endured his company for more than a drunken one-night stand. Which is why he felt perfectly justified in the 'God damnit, it's not fair' that wailed through his throbbing head the moment he came to. Once he got past the whining and the headache to further assess his situation, he added in 'oh, shit.'While the 'kidnap the only human, non-scary-assassin member of the Avengers' was beyond old after the third time, his current captor had apparently done his homework and learned forcing Tony Stark to 'visit' made The Ransom of Red Chief seem like a grand old time. He'd been stripped of everything but a pair of boxers that were decidedly not his – and did they think he'd woven a circuit board or something into his underwear? And hmmm, yes, if he got out of this he could… No, focus, damnit!His ankles were bound together with metal cuffs without so much as a link between them, while similar restraints held his wrists over his head and left him dangling a couple of inches off the floor from an attached chain. Shoulders were already screaming their displeasure almost as loudly as his head, and he moaned softly in frustration not seeing much of an escape plan beyond waiting for his teammates to rescue him. He hated that!Okay, maybe he'd missed something. Him naked, but for a pair of cheap boxers, check. One chain dangling from the ceiling attached to the cuffs around his wrists, check. One set of ankle cuffs to complete the bondage ensemble, check. One otherwise bare room, che – Wait, was that a red light? His vision still cloudy from whatever drug had knocked him out, he had to stare at it for a few moments, but yes, the tiny speck on the far wall had the look of a light announcing something was recording. Probably some wireless feed to a different location so when he was rescued there wouldn't be any soul-satisfying bad guys in the place to punch."This isn't going to work," he said, a plan forming in his mind even as he spoke. SI didn't pay ransoms and anyone smart enough to track him until he was the only Avenger left in the city would have stumbled on the absolutely-not-a-secret policy, so it shouldn't be about money. That left leverage against his team. "Seriously, I'm not their special snowflake! I'm a pain in the ass, they'd probably pay you to keep me. They're not going to let you do whatever it is you want to um, do."He supposed this could be another Ten Rings thing to make him build weapons, but he wasn't exactly in a position to make a yo-yo let alone a nuke. Besides, no one was stupid enough to try that again, right?"Sure I make them cool toys, but Fury has a list of people who can do it if I'm out of the picture." Twenty names on it. Not his level – no one was – but still geniuses. "Bruce will have to monitor them for quality control, but, totally replaceable. So totally not a special snowflake!"It might not be the best strategy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

