Work Text:
Loki can feel it in his bones far before Thor can ever conceive it. In the night it wakes him, leaves him grasping for something that isn't there, cold in his belly. It feels like a storm, dark clouds creeping over the horizon and making the air heavy. It feels like the end. So there is only one thing to do.Make it the beginning.--To get his attention, Loki has a raven deliver Thor a note, telling him to come to his chambers at once. To get the urgency across, he enchants it to burn after Thor reads it. So when Thor finally comes to his chambers that night, his fingertips are red and charred. Loki is sitting upright on the bed, hands folded in his lap, unable to stop his lips from twitching upwards at the sight of Thor's fingers. Thor shuts the door."I got your letter," Thor says, hands curling around the handle of Mjölnir. He's not going to use it, but it makes him feel better to hold it. "Was it really necessary to set it on fire, after?""I suppose not," Loki says, "but it was rather amusing."Thor steps towards him. Yes, he's angry, but he'll take Loki's tricks over outright destruction any day."You could have come to me yourself.""No," Loki says. "I needed to you see alone. And in private."His tone is suddenly more serious, more urgent. Thor straightens, chest tightening. It's still so hard to read Loki at times, to understand exactly what he needs and wants. It makes Thor unbearably anxious."What is it," Thor says. "What is so urgent that you had to pull me away from a meeting with—""I'm pregnant."Thor drops Mjölnir. The impact of it cracks the marble of the floor. Loki watches this with his eyebrows raised."This is a trick.""No." Loki looks put out, annoyed, as if Thor should have known or something. For the first time since entering his room, Thor notices that Loki looks weary. Tired. "There is no trick, brother, not this time. I carry a child."Thor immediately glances down at Loki's stomach. It's flat beneath his clothing, not a hint of pregnancy. And the idea of it is just ludicrous, makes no sense at all."But how—""Forget the how," Loki says. "We have to deal with this.""We?"Loki's hands curl into fists."You fool," he says. "The child is yours."Thor has never fainted before, but he wonders if he might now. Loki's words make his stomach go hot, and the rest of him feels unusually cold. Thor doesn't know what to say, so he says nothing. He just stares at Loki's stomach, still flat, still deceptively barren looking. He's not sure how to proceed with Loki—never has been. Usually, if Loki says it, then it's probably a lie. But there's still some part of Thor, some scared, ashamed part of him that wants it to be true. He wants to believe."Six weeks ago," Loki says, when Thor remains silent. "Surely you remember."Of course Thor remembers. He's remembered it every night since, has nearly made himself sick because of it. Even if he wanted to, he couldn't forget: Loki with his sharp teeth and sharper tongue, all that bone and muscle, that smooth and tempting flesh.The night had been hot and uncomfortable, everyone restless. The air felt too thick, clothing too heavy. Thor woke to Loki climbing on top of him, one elegant and deadly hand curling around his neck. He was naked, and the moon made his body glow silver, a flawless curve of skin."I'll only ask once," Loki had said. "Do you want this?"They had never lain together. There had been times, moments when Thor would admit to thinking of it and then feeling hot with shame afterwards. Moments of an image of Loki underneath him that was twisted enough to tempt. That didn't stop him from wanting it, and as to why it was happening now, Thor wasn't about to question."Yes," he said, and Loki rode him all night, until Thor choked on his own breath, hips rocking up into Loki of their own accord.Loki was gone by morning, which was not a surprise, but still stung."I don't understand," Thor says. "You're…you cannot…brother you are male.""You half-wit." Loki's eyes narrow to fierce slits. "There are no female Jotun. How did you think they reproduced?""I had not thought of it," Thor admits. His face is bone white.Loki scoffs. "This is your fault.""What?!"Loki points to Mjölnir, doesn't bother elaborating further. "Please remove your hammer from my floor.""I do not understand how this is my fault," Thor says, but picks Mjölnir up. Then he pauses, a new dread filling him. "Loki, if father finds out—""I know," Loki says.Loki stands and moves towards him, all elegant movements, holding Thor's gaze. Thor looks down and finds himself staring at Loki's stomach, wondering what it will look like rounded out and full. Loki leans into him as though he must whisper."He will find out, eventually. What do you suppose Odin will do? Or would you have me get rid of it?""No," Thor says, with a forcefulness that surprises even himself. "No," he says again, gentler. "I would not ask that of you, brother.""What would you have me do, then?" Loki asks.Thor already knows the answer.--
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

