Work Text:
“No, no, no, Phil, you gotta...  It’s this...  It’s not that way, it’s...” Clint tripped over his own feet and nearly fell into the wall before Phil grabbed him and made him fall into Phil instead.
Falling into Phil was way better, but they were still going the wrong way and Clint needed to make sure he knew that.
“Barton,” Phil snapped, hand squeezing Clint’s arm tightly. “I know this is the wrong way.  Trust me.”
Clint blinked.  He trusted Phil.  Did he trust Phil?  Yes.  “I trust you,” he managed.  His tongue felt too fat for his mouth; he wanted to sit down.
Phil’s expression softened – or that might have been Clint’s eyes going out of focus again – and then he was pulling Clint along, down one empty corridor and then the next. 
“I could, you should…” Clint shook his head, trying to clear it.  “You should have let me shoot those assholes.  They drugged me.  I’m always allowed to shoot people who drug me.”  Unless it was Bruce or Tony.  And even then, Clint wasn’t convinced.
“In here,” Phil told him, pushing him through an open doorway and closing the door softly behind them.
“Phil,” Clint said, leaning heavily back against the wall.  Fuck but he was dizzy.
“You can shoot double the number everyone else gets to next time,” Phil promised him, fingers sliding up Clint’s throat and pressing against his pulse.  “How many of me are you seeing?”
None right now because Clint had his eyes shut.  Phil slapped his cheek, not too lightly, and Clint dragged his eyes open. 
“Three,” he admitted grudgingly then blinked, frowning.  “Oh, hell, four.”
All of the Phils he was trying to focus on got this pinched look around their eyes.  “All right, you’re staying here.  I’ll deal with the hostiles and come back for you.”
“What?” Oh, fuck, jolting upright like that was a mistake.  He thought he might puke.  “No, Phil, you can’t go out there alone.”
Phil’s hand settled on Clint’s cheek, warm against Clint’s skin, which felt kind of sick and clammy.  “I can,” he said.  “I promise I’ll come back.”
Clint forced himself to focus on just Phil, just this one Phil.  “I can fight, sir.  Come on.”  It wasn’t that he didn’t think Phil could handle himself, he knew Phil could handle himself, but Clint couldn’t just sit around here doing jack shit while Phil risked his life.  It wasn’t Phil’s fault Clint had gotten himself captured; that was all on Clint.
Over their heads, there was a crash followed by machine gun fire. 
“Got to go,” Phil said, kissing Clint quickly and squeezing his wrist.  There was a click just before he stepped back and oh, shit, he wasn’t squeezing Clint’s wrist, he was handcuffing him to the radiator.
“Phil, fuck,” Clint snapped, heart jumping up into his throat.  “Let me go.”
Phil shook his head, stepping back.  “You’ll follow me, if I let you go.”
Clint’s breathing was coming fast and he curled his hands into fists, trying to keep himself grounded with fingernails in his palms. 
“Are you all right?” Phil asked.  “Do you feel worse?”
“I’m fine,” Clint mumbled, dropping his head down to his chest.  He didn’t usually go down this fast but he was too stoned right now not to react to cuffs around his wrist, cold and tight and put there by Phil.  
Fuck.
“I’ll be back,” Phil told him.  He sounded worried.  “Just stay still and wait.  Don’t move.”
Clint managed to nod and then Phil was gone.  Clint swayed and focused on a point on the floor, just beyond his shoes.  He needed to sit down but Phil had told him not to move, no get out clauses or unless. 
He curled his fingers around the sharp metal of the cuff and locked his knees.  He wasn’t going to move.
***
Clint lost track of time eventually.  His world had narrowed down to his too-slow breathing and the way his toes were curled inside his sneakers like that would keep him upright.  Anytime he swayed too hard, the cuffs went click-clack against the radiator and startled him awake again.
He wished he had his radio.  He wanted to hear if Phil was okay.  He wanted to tell Phil that he hadn’t moved.
Some part of Clint’s brain, the part that wasn’t drugged or floating around in headspace was worried.  It kept nagging at Clint’s awareness but he couldn’t concentrate on it; everything else was too overwhelming.  Maybe if he hadn’t been drugged, maybe if Phil hadn’t cuffed him, but together those things were too much.
“Barton?”
He heard the voice coming from outside the door and he lifted his head but didn’t move otherwise.
The door crashed open and Phil came barrelling in.  There was blood along his collar and a bruise on his jawline.  He breathed out hard when he saw Clint and pushed his gun back into its holster. 
“There you are, you okay?  Fuck, you’re white as a sheet.  Why didn’t you sit down?”
Clint watched Phil fuss with the cuff and felt his cosy, floating bubble start to crack.  “You told me not to,” he said, because Phil hadn’t said he couldn’t talk.
Phil frowned at him.  He tucked the cuffs into his pocket and pulled on Clint’s arm.  “Come on, we have to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Subdrop
Consensual Kink
Handcuffs

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

