Work Text:


Most  people can’t pinpoint the moment when they first become aware of sex.   They can name an approximate age, but the exact moment?  Sex education  is not as methodical as education boards would have us believe, but  rather a sort of fractured osmosis, transference of knowledge through  prolonged contact with the world.




Charles,  on the other hand, can name the month, the date, and the time, almost  to the hour.  The first time his telepathy happened to pick up a sexual  fantasy.




Most  people can’t pinpoint the time when they first become aware of death.   Some can, of course – for some, the knowledge is not a gradual slide  into the awareness that everything passes but a sudden drop of terror  and horror and blood and pain.  Charles can name the moment he became  aware of death; it was the same moment his telepathy awakened.




The moment his father shot himself in the head.




Charles remembers being just outside the study door when it happened, the sudden blast of pain/despair/shame that hits him as the gunshot roars through the halls.  He drops to the  floor as though he’s the one who’d been hit by the bullet, shaking with  his father’s emotions as they bleed out from beneath the door like  shadows.




Perhaps  that might have been the end of it.  Perhaps he could have picked  himself up and gone for help, if Brian Xavier had better aim.




But as it is, the angle of the bullet is off, and it takes Brian two hours to die.




Charles feels every second of it.




Later,  when he’s escaped the people downstairs (because their minds are so  loud, too loud, and their pity clogs the back of his throat with a  sickly-sweet taste he can’t get rid of, no matter how much he coughs and  swallows) to curl up in the attic, he shuts his eyes and blocks his  ears and pleads with God to make it go away.  He prays like his mother  taught him, prays for it to all to go away and leave him in peace.




It doesn’t.  Charles Xavier will never know peace – or solitude –again.




--




Charles  has always known that two men and two women can desire each other just a  man and a woman do.  By the time he’s seven, his time without telepathy  seems a distant, unreal dream, and he’s seen enough images tinged with desire/yearning/lust/love to know deep, intimate details of how two people can bring each other pleasure.




Puberty is far over the horizon, so while Charles knows that people desire sex, he has yet to understand why they desire it.  To him, it just seems vaguely repellent – messy and  clumsy and surely some of those things would hurt, just a little bit?




Anyway,  it’s something grown-ups do, clearly, so Charles does his best not to  worry about it.  Grown-ups do all sorts of things he doesn’t have to,  like paying bills and worrying about jobs, so maybe sex is like those  things.  Just something you have to do when you’re a grown-up.




By  the time Charles is ten, however, he’s become more discerning.  He’s  able to recognise the more nuanced emotions and motivations now, and  he’s recognising a sharp divide between views on sex.  Images and  desires featuring a man and a woman are sometimes tinged with embarrassment/humiliation/furtivenesss/guilt like they’re something to be kept secret, but it isn’t as acute or as common as when it’s two people of the same sex.  Shame/horror/guilt/self-loathing snags and snarls at the corners of those images and Charles doesn’t understand why.  




He  makes a comment at the dinner table – it’s worth the risk of speaking  up in Kurt’s presence, just to understand.  His mother is horrified, and  Kurt…




Well, suffice to say, Charles never raises that subject again.




He  lies in his bed, nursing his bruises, and thinks, turning the events  over and over in his mind, trying to make them fit.  So, a man and a  woman together is fine, is acceptable and expected, but two men or two  women…aren’t?  It’s…wrong, somehow?




He  wants to look into Kurt’s mind and find out why, but Kurt’s mind is  dark and sharp and it hurts, and he doesn’t want to go in there, ever.




So he lies in his bed, his ribs aching as he breathes, and wonders.




--




Eventually,  of course, Charles understands why people want sex so much.  At  sixteen, he’s also grasped why a woman fantasising about another woman  might feel sick and ashamed, might worry there’s something wrong with  her, something evil and perverted.




He’s  old enough now to have comprehended society’s judgements on  homosexuality, old enough to realise that public opinion holds it as a  disease of the mind, as a perversion that must be cured…




Perhaps  it’s because he grew up with it, perhaps because it always seemed as  natural and unquestioned as heterosexuality, but the scientist in him  screams ‘show me proof’.




He  stumbled across the complete works of Sigismund Freud in the mansion’s  library, so he’s well-versed in the so-called ‘immature desires’.  It  might just be that Charles is scep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Telepathy
First Time

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

