Chapter 1: Shadow of a Feeling
    




Chapter Text

“Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings – always darker, emptier, and simpler.”


-Friedrich Neitzsche


--
It's  one thing to be a woman holding a doctorate and having to deal with the  sneers and comments and ruined experiments and stolen data (not that  Charlotte has much of a problem with the latter two, telepathy being  what it is).  It's quite another  to be a woman holding a doctorate and  know each dark, razor-filled thought behind every cruel smirk and  mocking laugh, to feel the resentment pouring off them like black oil  whenever she passes. After defending her thesis to a lecture  hall full of people just looking for an excuse to throw her out (and she  knew it was true, she could feel it, and every speck of  discipline and control she possessed wasn't enough shut out such an  immense tidal wave of it), going for a drink is an immense relief.  She  and Raven choose a bar a long way from the university, far from the  thoughts that had clogged her mind like weeds in a propeller, and where  Charlotte is finally – finally – able to relax her guard somewhat. Enough  to begin eyeing the handsome blonde man at the bar, and wondering if he  will appreciate a discussion of how his green eyes are really a  mutation of brown eyes. Raven notices the direction of her gaze,  and snorts.  “Charlotte, please tell me you aren't winding up for that  ridiculous mutation line.” “It's not ridiculous,” she defends.  “It works, doesn't it?” And  she knows why; she hears it in their minds each and every time.  With  such driven, science-oriented talk then she's obviously a career woman,  one of those unnatural creatures that don't want a husband or children  so clearly she's only after a night of fun and isn't that just  brilliant?  It might be true – Charlotte is often after a night of fun  and her telepathy makes it easy to protect herself.  But just because  the idea of a husband or children hasn't entered into her plans yet  doesn't mean she can't resent the assumption, just a tiny bit. But  then an auburn-haired woman slides in front of her and calls her  'professor', and the night out takes a most unexpected turn. -- She'd  expected the government men's scorn, the disbelief, but she hadn't  expected Raven to stand up and defend her the way she had.  For a  moment, Charlotte is worried, but when she throws out her telepathy to  skim the thoughts of everyone in the room, and latches onto the man  sitting in the corner, his plans and hopes and ambitions...then  Charlotte knows everything is going to be all right. This man  knows about mutants, has been trying to convince his superiors for  years, but he doesn't want them as lab rats, or as experiments.  He sees  them as powerful forces for good, and if the flavour of his own  ambition colours that dream...well, everyone's ambitious, and his  ambition is born of a true desire to do good. And wonderfully,  miraculously, there isn't even a touch of resentment or doubt in his  thoughts – he doesn't think Charlotte will be useless or unable to help  him because she's a woman.  He knows what it's like to be marginalised,  to be seen as less than what he is, to have paths cut off and doors shut  in his face. Charlotte thinks she's going to like working with this man.  She even makes sure they take Moira along for the ride. -- It's  heady – for so long she and Raven have been the only ones, and now to  feel another telepath in her head, to feel such incontrovertible proof  that it isn't just them is like every birthday Charlotte's ever  had come at once.  The good birthdays, that is, not the ones she tries  not to think about. But even beyond the haze the other telepath  is weaving to stop Charlotte, there's another mind, projecting rage and  despair and a driving need for vengeance so strong it almost sends her  to her knees. Charlotte has never felt a mind like this.  A mind  so strong it can sweep past her shields like they are straw, a mind so  chaotic it's hard to pinpoint where the man is...but there, there in the dark water, a shape moving so fast it sends a surge before it. How is he moving so fast? She  fixes on him, focusing her mind on the bright flicker of his  consciousness.  To her surprise, the answer to her question comes  easily, flowing lightly into her mind without any of the usual effort  and struggle of probing another mind, syncing her thoughts to those of  her subject.  His name is Erik and he is using magnetic fields to pull  himself after the submarine and his name is Erik.  He is hunting a man  called Sebastian Shaw – Herr Doktor.  And he needs her.  That is enough, and she dives into the water. Later,  when she's shivering and dripping over the ship's deck, Charlotte will  wonder at her choice of words.  She knew he needed her – not that he needed rescue, or that he needed someone to pull him back from the brink.  He needed her. -- He's  so close, so close Erik can practically taste the metal 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Genderswap
Dark
Past Abuse
Rape/Non-con Elements
Holocaust

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

