Work Text:
Bucky woke with a start. A loud ‘crash’ and a startled squeak immediately activating his soldier instincts. Whipping out of bed, he surveyed the room but realising he was at home and the possibility of an incident occurring here, in Stark Tower surrounded by the entire team and countless staff was highly unlikely, he relaxed his posture, shaking his head. He remarked that you weren’t in bed next to him. He rubbed his tired eyes and started for the hallway. Bucky realised exactly what was going on the minute he saw the light under the door and as far as this assassin was concerned, this had been going on for way too long now.You were busy, happily scrubbing away the inside of the cabinet you were sure you’d missed the night before, shifting the pots and pans about blithely ignoring the stinging sensation at the back of your eyes, lack of sleep or the cleaning product? Eh whatever. Bleach in hand you were going to town on a particularly greasy spot that had eluded your efforts. A voice startled you, and you jumped violently, bumping your head on the cabinet that you were currently half inside.‘Doll it’s 3 a.m., for exactly how long is this going to continue?’From the confined space you didn’t need to wonder who’d walked in on you, there was only one super soldier you shared an apartment with, and only one who was becoming rapidly un-amused with your night time shenanigans. A period of frenzied activity usually accompanied your frequent periods of insomnia and this time was definitely one of the longest, and the worst.
  Some four hours ago, after you and Bucky had fallen from each other sweaty and panting, your mind started playing its old tricks again, racing a million miles a minute. Did I get that spot under the sink yesterday? The cabinet still needs doing too… This was not OCD, you had simply become accustomed to finding activities to fill those dark empty hours where sleep eluded you. You’d tried the lying in bed and waiting thing but to no avail. Despite the pain and fatigue, you just couldn’t fall asleep. You envied Bucky this, he was able to drop off at what seemed like a click of the fingers. Physical exertion couldn’t play that much of a role in it either, he was all jacked up with serum so he could withstand activities that would make another man cry with the effort. Nope, he was just lucky like that. You went to the gym morning and night, I’ve got to if I want to keep up with James’ appetite anyway… is what you told a grinning Wanda when she asked why you were always training. You figured it was more interesting to her than dragging her down with your problems. And plus it was kinda true anyway, my God did that man have stamina. So you’d taken it upon yourself, after Bucky kissed you tenderly, pulling your naked body flush to him and he’d fallen asleep with a contented sigh, that lying in bed staring at the ceiling was just plain boring. You could put this empty time to better use. This particular episode was being a real bitch, latching on for five days already you’d barely slept and when you had drifted off, it was unavoidable, sneaking up on you during the day in between meetings. Not very convenient when you were meant to be assisting Tony Stark with heavy machinery. Grabbing Bucky’s t-shirt (from where he’d dropped it to the floor before pouncing on you) and fishing your panties from under the bed, you padded off as quietly as possible, careful not to alert the sleeping assassin. At the beginning, it seemed he could never be at peace. He’d wake up gasping and heaving in the middle of the night at random, plagued by flashbacks and nightmares but that was long ago now. Times like these where he lay vulnerable, completely at peace, a small smile on his lips, you yourself felt a sense of completion.At first Natasha and Wanda had tried to warn you off him, it was true he’d been unstable and erratic but he was also kind and funny when you were together. Back then insomnia seemed more of an aid than a burden to your little trysts as you took every opportunity to sneak into his apartment at night. At first you would just appreciate the time spent talking without a chaperone, but it quickly grew into something much more profound (and much more physical) when you both became more at ease in each other’s presence.
 ‘Shit’ You retreated from the cupboard rubbing the sore spot on your crown. Guiltily you looked up at your man who was standing arms folded in the doorway irritated and sexy as hell. Aw balls I’ve gone and woken the beast again. Bucky was not a happy bunny if he didn’t get a solid 7 hours of uninterrupted sleep, despite being a trained killing machine, besides being capable of surviving any conditions thrown at him, nope, while he was home, sleep was a high priority. Well he knew what he was getting when he chose a manic insomniac for a mate. And anyway, you accepted all his flaws right?Setting down the bleach and rag you sat on the floor against the counter. ‘You can’t be angry at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Bucky/reader

freeform: 
Insomnia
rough bucky
rough bucky barnes
Dominant Bucky
Dominant Bucky Barnes
bucky smut
bucky barnes smut
bucky fluff
Bucky Barnes Fluff
loving bucky
loving bucky barnes
Shameless Smut
shameless bucky smut
super soldier smut
the winter soldier smut
rough winter soldier
Dominant Winter Soldier
Oral Sex
Foreplay
Rough Sex
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
marvel amut
avengers smut
marvel AU
Avengers AU
Captain America the Winter Soldier - Freeform
helpful bucky
Dirty Talk
dirty talking
bucky talking dirty

fandom: 
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Bucky/reader

