Chapter 1: Cupcakes, $1.79!
    




Chapter Text
Like clockwork every day, the sun rose over the sleepy little stretch of road on the outskirts of Brooklyn, illuminating the streets, and bringing life to the morning. Like clockwork, people filed out to their cars, sleepy and under-caffeinated as they prepared to start their long days in offices and jobs that kept food on the table, but barely fed the hopes of dreams of many New Yorkers of this day and age.And like clockwork every day, Steven Grant Rogers would wake up, ready and eager to make the ten minute walk it would take him to get to work, all smiles and enthusiastic energy as he clambered from bed to shower and prepare for the long day ahead. Most people didn’t get their dream jobs. Most people weren’t so lucky.Steve Rogers lucked out.When people asked him what he did for a living, most wouldn’t expect the answer they got. Some people assumed soldier. Some people assumed athlete. Some people even went so far as to guess that Steve was some famous actor under wraps. After all, Steve was tall, well built, and handsome; he had sharp, piercing blue eyes, a head of striking blond hair, and a chiseled jaw. He wore glasses that made him look like he tumbled out of a GQ article for the latest Ray-Ban styles, and he had an infectious, cheerful personality that many people found ungodly attractive on this Adonis of a man. In short, Steve was a perfect specimen of a human being, and everyone that admired him thought he was the hottest thing since sliced bread.So when people asked him “So Mr. Rogers… what is it you do for a living?” they expected some epic answer; something heroic and demanding, and completely fitting this Herculean supermodel standing before them.That was not the answer they got. Instead, Steve would just give them a knowing look. Steve would laugh. Steve would always answer with a huge smile, ready to take them all by surprise. What was his answer?“I bake cupcakes for a living.”It wasn’t a sarcastic remark; it wasn’t even an underhanded jab at his life goals. Steve Rogers was genuinely excited to wake up every day, still smelling like sugar and baker’s chocolate, and make that ten minute walk down the block every morning and open up the shop he’d finally been able to afford to establish as his life’s work.Needless to say, the reaction was evenly split down the middle: some people thought that baking cakes for a living was a complete waste of time and would walk away disappointed that this perfect human being did something so silly. Some people thought it was absolutely adorable and would find themselves even more drawn to this person.Though often, Steve would get asked about how he kept his figure so built and lean working with sweets all day, and what he’d do if he let his work get to his waistline. Steve never really spoke to those people again.Some people would think that working in a cupcakery was a hit-or-miss job. Some people just didn’t like sweets, and others wouldn’t make the drive just to buy a specific store’s wares. This may have been true on most occasions, but a specialty shop, now that was a different story entirely; owning one’s own cupcakery was actually a surprisingly fruitful business, and Steve didn’t hesitate to use his talents for the better part of his job. Having studied art in college, Steve was well known for designing custom cakes for customers on a dime, and his catering orders were always overflowing in his inbox. Kid’s parties, wedding receptions, office parties, any affair you could think of, and Steve’s business was always the first people would call for their delicious, handmade treats. It also helped that he’d won Brooklyn’s cake baking contest four years in a row.Okay, so maybe Steve was a little famous in Brooklyn; still, he liked to think of himself as a humble man that put his life’s work into creating extraordinary cakes for any occasion one saw fit. But despite the fancy cakes people ordered for high class events, Steve’s staple product was, and always would be, cupcakes. And nobody was happier than Steve to get to create those delicious little pastries for the world to enjoy.Of course, it wasn’t always fun and games; running one’s own business got to be a bit stressful without assistance, and after a year of business, Steve decided he needed some help; Steve hired on an organizer and bookkeeping manager to handle the banking and order forms while he worked diligently on his prized cakes. So just a few short weeks after making the hard decision of adding on some extra hands for work, Steve hired his friend, Tony, to help with the funds and booking for the business.And boy, was business booming.School was just getting ready to let out for the summer, which meant Steve constantly had to have a store of cupcakes of every variety on hand for kids to buy with their pocket change. A cupcake for $1.79, five for $5, or a baker’s dozen for $11 dollars. If someone wanted a custom cupcake made, well then that’s whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Cupcakes
Alternate Universe - Bakery
Meet-Cute
Mechanic Bucky Barnes
Baker Steve Rogers
Tattooed Bucky Barnes
Pierced Bucky Barnes
Steve has a nose ring
Steve is adorable
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Steve is engaged
Bucky is single
Romance
Summer Romance
Falling In Love
Glasses
Steve Wears Glasses
Artist Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Happy Ending
Noncanon sharon
Unrequited sharon/steve
Bridezilla
Sharon is not 616 Sharon Carter
Prostate Milking
Male lace underwear
male lingerie
Hands Free Orgasm
Inappropriate use of frosting
shameless amounts of fluff
Domestic Fluff
the cutest story I've ever written
sweet like sugar
diabeetus warning
tantric orgasm
pretty boys kissing
Cuddling
nuzzling
Touching
Heavy Petting
Grinding
Cyber Bullying
Bullying
adult bullying
Dirty Talk
Butt Plugs
Butt Slapping
Nipple Play
Nipple Licking
male panties
male bra
Thigh high stockings
Garter Belt
Semi-Public Sex
this story is turning into shameless porn
Sub Steve Rogers
back scratching during sex
Steve in lingerie
copious use of the nickname "baby"
this story went from 0-60 with the porn here
and I have no shame
Good Guy Brock
Barebacking
Breaking Up & Making Up
Make up sex
Angry Sex
Choking
Autoerotic Asphyxiation
Biting
Hair-pulling
Kissing in the Rain
Quickies

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

