Work Text:

nothing he can’t endure
Nothing happens to anyone that he can't endure.
Marcus Aurelius***Matt cries himself into exhaustion.Foggy could probably write a PhD thesis on the number of things wrong with that statement if he wanted to, but he doesn’t. Want to, that is. So, instead.Foggy hugs Matt and just holds him, holds him, holds him and doesn't let go.And Matt cries himself into exhaustion in his arms.The thing is, Matt is not the type of person to display his emotions. He feels everything very deeply, Foggy knows him well enough to know that, but it rarely shows. Matt keeps all his emotions close to him, never showing, never just out so that no one could use them against him. He considers being open about what and how he feels a weakness, consciously or not — and that’s another thing that Foggy knows, that he figured out about Matt over the years, and after last night, he rather thinks Matt doesn’t even know this about himself. Doesn’t realise just how damaged his whole perception of feelings is.Foggy has known Matt for over five years now and in that time he’s seen Matt cry a grand total of two times. Both times in the past three months and both times because of Foggy, more or less.The first time, That Day, when Foggy tore into him in his anger, used every tactic at his disposal to make Matt feel as raw and betrayed, to make Matt hurt as much as Foggy was hurting, when he aimed his words exactly in the right places, where he knew they’d land with a blow, where he knew they’d hurt. That was the first time, the very first time he’s seen Matt Murdock cry. Before then he wasn’t even sure Matt was physically capable of that.Well, he was. The knowledge — and the memory of Matt’s expression — still twists at his insides, makes him feel sick.And the second time, today, in the morning, after Foggy implied enough to make Matt realise just what he’d told Foggy the night before — what he’d admitted to when drugged, what he’d let slip, what he now couldn’t take back or make Foggy un-hear — after Foggy hugged him and refused to let him go despite Matt’s struggles to break free, after the fight finally drained from Matt’s body and he sagged against Foggy and let himself be held. After all that, he hiccupped. Sobbed. And then he broke down crying, shoulders shaking and tears soaking a big wet patch on Foggy’s shoulder, but all completely noiseless, not a single sound escaping from him.And that’s another thing that tears at Foggy’s heart, because he knows — he knows, he knows — that this kind of crying is an ugly and messy and loud thing, and the fact that Matt is not being loud means that he’s taught himself how not to make a single sound at some point. How to cry your heart out without being heard.Foggy has a pretty good idea who made Matt learn that, so he clenches his teeth and clenches his fist, probably further injuring his broken fingers in the process, and just continues holding Matt until he stops shaking, just holds him close, because there was a time when people stopped hugging Matt Murdock and they shouldn’t have.And so eventually, Matt cries himself into exhaustion.Foggy slides down onto the floor with him, when Matt’s legs give out, and he’s still holding him when he settles with his back propped by his bedframe and Matt in his arms. Matt sighs into the wet patch on Foggy’s shoulder and it sounds tired and wrecked, and then Foggy hears his breathing slow and even out, and he’s cried himself to sleep, Jesus fuck.The worst part — and that says a lot, because this whole thing is the worst part already – the very worst part is that Matt wasn’t crying because he’s a mess, he wasn’t crying because his life is a clusterfuck of bad and wrong and horrible and didn’t deserve a single thing of it. No, oh no; he was crying because Foggy broke his fingers punching a wall, he was crying because Foggy was sad and angry, he was crying because his big secret was out and Foggy was sad and angry because of that, and because Foggy knew, now, and Matt couldn’t make him un-learn that all, and probably because he thought Foggy would look at him differently now, would treat him differently, would pity him. Foggy has seen Matt cry a grand total of two times in the five years that he’s known him, and neither time Matt cried for himself. Both times it was because of Foggy and for Foggy.Isn’t that just the icing on the cake.***When Foggy wakes up hours later, in the evening, long after the sun set down, Matt’s gone from the apartment, and Foggy’s all alone on the floor of his bedroom, the still slightly damp material of his shirt over his shoulder the only proof that he didn’t hallucinate any of this.He knows Matt, he knows Matt better than anyone else in existence — he’s fairly certain of that — and so he shouldn’t be surprised.And he really, really isn’t.Maybe just sad, a little.And concerned, a whole fucking lot.***It was Thursday night when Matt was drugged, they’ve spent the majority of Friday sitting — crying, sleeping
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Stick
Matt Murdock & Stick
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Jessica Jones

freeform: 
Friendship
Best Friends
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Stick is a dick
Family Reunions
Family Drama

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Stick
Matt Murdock & Stick
Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Jessica Jones

