Work Text:
They’re in the communal kitchen area for a late breakfast when the elevator doors slide smoothly open, and the otherwise silent atmosphere is pierced with the sound of small running bodies, and high pitched laughter. None of their reflexes are the best in the early morning after an all night mission. Tony’s still half in his suit, one of his bots poking at him every few seconds trying to get the rest of his armor off. Bucky’s reaching for the carton of orange juice in the fridge and he pauses to glance over at Steve still seated on a bar stool at the center island.“Oh god, what is that sound,” Tony groans over his bowl of cereal. Beside him Nat raises an eyebrow and rises to greet their guests. They don’t sound like a threat, or they wouldn’t have made it this far, plus, they’re children. But Steve’s arrow rod in his seat, determinedly not looking over at Bucky which is a sure sign he really wants to be looking over at Bucky. What’s the big deal? Bucky’s great with kids.“JARVIS? Please. Help. Stop,” Tony whines.Two bullet fast bundles of hair and limbs tackle Nat as she rounds the kitchen island, and soon Clint himself is in view along with a smiling brunette carrying a small, moving bundle.“Sir, Agent Barton has arrived as per your instructions,” JARVIS says. Tony is now massaging at his temples and Steve has slipped out of his seat. Bucky sets the carton of juice on the counter.“No longer an Agent, thanks JARVIS,” Clint’s sardonic voice cuts through the melee. The children are hanging onto Nat’s arms as she swings them up and down.“Daddy said we’re going on vacation ‘cause we’ve been comprosized,” the little girl says excitedly.“Compromised,” the boy corrects, and the girl begins to repeat it after him in a chant.“Hey, Bucky. Steve,” Clint says. He ushers the woman at his arm to a nearby stool where she sits with a weary sigh. Clint makes introductions then seats himself heavily next to Laura as Tony pops something small and pill-shaped into his mouth.Bucky approaches Cooper and Lila to shake their hands. They’re still hanging off of Natasha and their eyes go big as they notice his arm.“Holy crap! You’re a robot!” Cooper says. His hand is small but firm in Bucky’s flesh hand and Bucky’s surprised by the wide grin that overtakes his own face.“Coop,” Clint says warningly. Laura’s adjusting Nathanial in his sling and smiling apologetically at Bucky.“Hey man, I don’t mind. Wanna see what it can do?” Bucky says. He crouches down so he’s eye level with the kids. “Bet it can swing you higher than Aunt Nat’s puny arms.”“I’m right here,” Nat says.“Hey Buck, maybe we should-” Steve says from somewhere behind him but Bucky’s already got Cooper and Lila launching in the air as Nat steps back so they can swing around in a circle. When the screams get particularly high in volume and Bucky’s starting to feel the effects he slows down and sets them on their feet. He can hear Steve making their excuses in the background and Laura calling the children over for breakfast. Lila and Cooper seem to have exhausted themselves for the moment as they let Bucky set them on a stool each and obediently begin digging into their scrambled eggs. Tony’s mumbled running commentary has ceased now that Clint’s pouring him a supersoldier sized cup of coffee. Laura pulls away from her whispered conversation with Natasha and raises her eyebrows at Bucky.“You’re a natural,” she says with a smile, “Most people run the other way and I don’t blame them. Nat here’s gotten immune.”“I try my best but I don’t think I’m built for it,” Bucky grins and leans down against the island countertop next to Lila. “Steve’s more the one with the childbearing hips.” He winks over at Steve, expecting to be told off for being ridiculous and embarrassing but Steve’s surveying them both with a strange, pained look that smooths over as soon as he notices Bucky looking. Huh.“We should go,” Steve says apologetically into the weird silence.“Yep. We should,” Bucky says smoothly. “Make sure the kid gets some rest, Clint. Lila and Cooper as well.” Laura hides her laugh behind a hand as Tony starts to protest but Bucky’s already pushing off the counter. He waves a sloppy salute to the masses and joins Steve’s side.*Bucky takes the spare bedroom and knocks out for a good five hours. His sleep isn’t as disruptive as it used to be, but nightmares still catch him unexpectedly even when he’s rested and in good spirits. He never likes risking the post mission adrenaline crash, and end up waking Steve. Sleeping separately ensures he won’t wake Steve but it also means he doesn’t get the chance to question him about the morning.Steve’s still asleep when Bucky wakes so he downs a sizeable lunch and accepts Natasha’s request to help entertain the children. When he returns an hour later, Steve’s seated in the living room, tablet in hand, and TV on low in the background.“Hey, you know Stark’s got a jungle gym set up for these kids? Fella sure makes a stink when he’s more than ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Impregnation Kink
Feminization
Bottom Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

