Work Text:
They have been seeing each other for the last couple of weeks or so before Peter really notices. It is both the saddest and most damn wonderful thing he's learned about Wade so far, and he has a feeling this is only the tip of the iceberg. They go out rarely, both preferring to spend their evenings sprawled over the couch after Peter returns from patrol, protecting the city from NY's stupidest and scummiest. Wade channel hops incessantly, only a few programmes catching his attention for more than a moment whilst Peter digs into whatever exotic variety of takeout Wade brings with him – Mexican, pizza, Mexican (okay, so  those cinnamon sprinkled churros were awesome he'll admit), Thai, Mexican, Mexican...Oh and there was that one time he brought Chinese, but Peter doesn't trust him with chopsticks after that incident with the duck, but Peter doesn't complain much because Wade always pays. They talk and eat and an occasional kiss slips in between them like a silent guest, and Wade seems to be utterly obsessed with how quickly he can ram his hand up Peter's shirt, and Peter is drawing a blank on reasons why he should ever ask him to stop. Then one evening, Wade discovers something which makes him giggle with girlish glee: Peter is ticklish. Right below his armpit, just around the ribs, and when Wade strokes over the spot with a finger Peter squirms oh-so delightfully. Of course Wade takes advantage until Peter, gasping and nearly crying with laughter grabs his arms and pins him against the couch in one swift motion. 'Don't worry Spidey,' Wade smirks afterwards, unconsciously adjusting his mask so that it covers his entire face again, 'I promise not to reveal your mortal weakness to rogue's gallery dot com. I mean, not unless they pay me a whole crap-ton.'Naturally vengeance must be sought. The next evening Peter is ready. He decides it's time to let his hands to the talking for once. Usually when they kiss, Peter later realises, they don't actually touch that much, besides the obvious liplock. Wade usually pushes Peter against the couch and braces himself against the spongy material whilst Peter wraps an arm around his neck, or allows Wade to pin his arms with his own, warm and unyielding. Wade is much stronger than most humans, but Peter is stronger still. They both know he can break the hold easily, but it never needs mentioning. Peter thanks the gods of casual wear that evening that Wade decides to dress (mostly) in his civvies. An advertisement interrupts the horror movie they are rapidly growing bored of and so Peter turns his attention to Wade who is already wondering if the little talking M&M dudes would bleed chocolate syrup if you started biting into them, and hey, if they could talk, why weren't the allowed a nose and wouldn't it be kinda gross if they sneezed -- 'Shut up' Peter grins as he reverses their traditional positions. He kisses Wade who tastes like popcorn and chilli, ignoring the faint tang of copper. He presses Wade against the back of the couch then straddles him before Wade has any chance to react other than to make a soft noise of pure want. Peter smiles against Wade's rough lips, kissing the corner of his mouth before sweeping his tongue into Wade's mouth, their tongues duelling. He does need to be a little careful with his payback, Peter reminds himself, because he doesn't want Wade freaking again like the last time he attempted to divest him of his shirt. He won't try to remove any clothes this time, all he want to do is touch. Surely there can't be any harm in that?Peter drastically underestimates just how fucked-up Wade really is. His fingers lightly playing with the hem of Wade's Deadpool tee-shirt, Peter carefully slips a finger underneath and touches uneven flesh. He nurses a theory that Wade is probably just as ticklish as him and so okay, maybe he'll enjoy watching Wade squirm, but instead he simply freezes. Peter frowns softly and moves his hand up a millimetre or so and can't resist tracing the line of a random scar. It feels kinda weird, yes, but not bad weird, yet Wade seems to flinch and Peter quickly breaks contact. 'What is it?' he finds himself whispering as Wade makes an almost imperceptible noise at the back of his throat which Peter can't quite discern as being very good or very bad. Wade swallows and awkwardly shifts away from the touch. 'Nothin'' he lies and the crease in Peter's brow deepens. 'I'm not going to..I mean,' Peter loosens his grip altogether. 'I wouldn't... Expose you. If you didn't, if you weren't comfortable, you know that right?' Nodding, Wade can't help but try to kiss away the concern in Peter's features. 'Nah, s'fine Spidey, really.' It's just, uh,' he makes an awkward motion with a free hand, 'been a while, ya know? I mean, if we were talking dog years then it's like an elderly chihuahua, that's probably more like what it feels. Dogs are the ones where you add fifty to every year aren't they? Or is it the other way around?' He brighte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Touching
Sensation Play
Banter
Body Image
Mild Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

