Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)Steve stopped the instant he entered the bunker, his head jerking up and nostrils flared. Omega. In heat, and in distress. He didn't really notice the Beta soldiers gathered to greet him and escort him to the general, brushing them aside carelessly. If he'd been thinking about it, he would have rationalized his actions by saying that since the enemy had targeted their Omega enclaves in the first barrage, the remaining Omegas were even more rare and valuable than they'd always been.His focus was all on locate and protect as he ran through the damp and cramped cement corridors, seeing glimpses of the worker Beta's faces, wide-eyed as they flung themselves out of his way. The small part of him that was still capable of rational thought was glad they had good reflexes. He didn't want to waste time killing anyone. Maybe he wasn't as rational as all that. It didn't matter. The scent trail cut off suddenly and he stopped, bewildered, nerves jangling."What?" He looked around for answers and saw General Fury striding toward him, scowling even more than usual."Sorry about that, Captain. Some idiot left an unfiltered door open.""Where's the Omega?""He's being cared for, don't worry about it."Steve growled. He didn't mean to, but damn it, even before the serum he'd always had an overwhelming protective instinct. Even when none of them would allow him so much as a meaningless heat-relief mating he'd defended Omegas from mistreatment. He'd often got the shit beat out of himself that way, and never regretted it, wearing his bruises as badges of honor. And this Omega smelled really bad. "I have to see that for myself, General."Fury put his hand up as if to touch Steve's arm, but stopped. "He's... not normal, Steve. He's one of the serum failures.""What? Who the hell would risk an Omega?" Steve's anger was blazing hot. If he could just find the Omega..."It wasn't like that... there was an accident and he was dying. It was a chance to save him. It just... didn't turn out well."Steve had seen some of the failures, the monsters with deformed bodies and twisted minds. There was nothing to do for them, so they sent them out to fight along with the rest of the Alphas. They're desperate, and can't afford pity, but he always, always remembered that he could have been one of them, instead of one of the rare successes, the most successful in fact. "I don't care. I have to see, you know that." Fury is a Beta, so he doesn't understand the pure imperative of it, but he had to know that Steve wasn't going to give up.Fury sighed. "All right. Just remember, while it looks bad, it's the best we can do for him." Fury started leading Steve down a seldom used corridor toward the labs where the few researchers that remained to them were housed in the most secure part of the bunker. "He's our top scientist, in between... attacks.""You mean when he's not in heat?""Not just that." Fury spoke very calmly, with no emotion. His control was one of the reasons even the most aggressive Alphas respected his orders. "Maybe because he's an Omega the serum affected him differently. He's unstable. When he's emotional he morphs. When he calms, he reverts to human. It's close to a Catch-22 right now because he can't calm down until he comes out of heat, but he won't green-light for anyone so he has to be restrained while he's bred." Fury looked at Steve and then back down the corridor. "It hurts him, but it's the only way. We even tried sterilizing him, but his body repairs all injuries, including that."Steve growled again, seeing everything red-washed in rage. They were red-lighting an Omega. Steve didn't need to look at his own wrist to see the light flaring scarlet, feeling Fury as an enemy instead of the normal green for friend/ally/neutral at worst. Fury waved at a nervous-looking Beta guard and opened a heavy door.Sight and sound and smell hit Steve hard. The Omega was chained down to the floor by his wrists and ankles, bucking and howling and writhing under an Alpha who was trying to breed him. He was a monster, only vaguely human, with a blunt muzzle full of sharp teeth, claws on his hands and feet, and dirty gray-brown patches of fur covering his deformed body, bones pressing against skin at unnatural angles. He turned his head when Steve entered the room and his eyes... his eyes were all too human. The other Alpha looked up at Steve. He smelled frightened, had been smelling of terror even before Steve came into the room, his light as red as the one on the Omega's bloody wrist. "Get out," Steve snarled, "all of you, get out!" Fury grabbed the Alpha's arm and pulled him away just in time, before Steve went for the man's throat. The door slammed shut and Steve looked around to make sure there was no one e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony/Everyone

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Soul Bond
Were-Creatures
Mpreg
Fuck Or Die
Alternate Universe - Apocalypse
Spousal sharing/Omega sharing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony/Everyone

