Work Text:
"Okay," Tony says, looking wildly around at the smashed windows of the buildings on this half of the block, at the rubble in the street from the fight with the Wrecking Crew and their surprise special guest Nightshade, at everything that is completely familiar in the wake of an Avengers battle. He avoids looking at what's right in front of him, at the empty, broken syringe Nightshade used, at-- "Okay. Nobody panic." His voice echoes a little higher than usual inside the helmet; the sensors say his breathing and heart rate are up. No shit. "We can handle this. No one panic."
"No one's panicking," Carol points out, from somewhere behind him. "Even Cap's not panicking. Deep breaths, Tony."
Deep breaths. Right.
Steve wags.
Tony kind of can't avoid looking at him now; the golden blur of his... of his tail catches Tony's eye. Somehow he's still wearing his uniform. Something like his uniform. His shield is clenched in his jaws.
Steve's a wolf now. A werewolf? A Cap-werewolf. A Capwolf. Tony kind of wants to laugh, but he thinks if he started it might end in tears, and someone's got to be responsible here, since Steve's a-- oh God.
Ducking his head, Steve lays the shield on the ground in a surprisingly delicate motion, dropping it a few inches from his own front paws, and then he sits back on his haunches and stares at Tony, wide-eyed. The star gleams on his chest amidst blue scale mail, with golden fur underneath. He's huge, all right, and he's definitely a wolf, but that lean, hungry, predatory look Tony associates with wolves is absent entirely from Steve's gaze. He looks friendly. More like a big golden retriever, even though he's clearly wolf-shaped. Strong, powerful, deadly but... nice. Like a wolf who's on your side. Tony can't say that he's ever spent a lot of time thinking about what Steve would look like as a werewolf, but he has to admit that it would look pretty much like this. Which is exactly what they've got.
Steve looks up at him. His eyes are still eerily human, bright with intelligence. Like he can understand him.
"Actually, this happened to me once before," Steve says, and, whoa, he can talk, and Tony staggers back in surprise and nearly falls, tripping into-- shit, that's Jen right behind him. There are green arms at the edge of his vision, stabilizing him, pushing him back up. Go team. Go Shulkie.
"Holy shit," Tony breathes, once he's righted himself and Jen is standing safely next to him. "You can talk?"
Steve's eyes narrow, and his ears flick back briefly against his skull, against the blue leather of the cowl, which somehow now has ear cutouts. "I'm still me, Tony." His voice is low, guttural -- Tony's mind shies away from the word growly -- but it's still Steve's voice, albeit like he's speaking in a register he doesn't use much.
"Oh." Tony's feeling a little dizzy. "Oh," he repeats. "Okay. Got it."
Steve stands and turns around in a circle, chasing his tail, trying to get a look at himself. "It was Nightshade's fault last time, too, with her serum. I was a little less... lupine... then. Also less articulate. Hmm." The noise is a low, contemplative growl. "I'm sure it'll be fine. We'll figure it out. Like I said, it's happened before." He comes back around to face Tony, sits, and his tail swishes once, slowly, against the ground, like he's shrugging. Like this is just one more everyday thing that happens to Steve Rogers. Werewolf. Capwolf. Capwolf America. Inside the helmet, Tony laughs a strangled, half-hysterical laugh. 
"This definitely never happened to you before," Tony says, only a little shakily. "I would have remembered this."
Steve's ears flick back again. "You weren't there. I was in Massachusetts. I did file a report, you know." He sounds... aggrieved, but it's hard to tell, given the low rumble that's permeating his voice and the fact that he no longer has human facial expressions. "It was right after that Kree-Shi'ar thing. Neither of us were on the team. You were having some health problems, from your suit. You were in Japan with the... Masters of Silence?" He squints like he's trying to remember. He tilts his head to the side. His tail droops. "I guess you probably weren't in the mood for reading reports."
 "Oh." Tony remembers that time all too well. He'd really rather not. "So I was dying and you were a werewolf?"
"Yeah," Steve says. He picks up one paw and sets it down again. "Basically."
He can't even begin to process this. "Sounds like a great year all round."
Steve's tail twitches again. That must be a shrug, Tony decides. "We've all had worse."
Tony can't argue with that.
And then Carol steps into his field of view. "It's going to be fine, Tony." Her voice is soothing, and Tony wonders why everyone thinks he's so worried. He's in the suit. He can't possibly look worried. "Let's just... get everyone home, call Hank or-- or whoever." She grabs Tony's arm and tugs. "Come on."
Tony turns and follows Carol and the rest of the Avengers. As he turns, he sees Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Werewolves
Capwolf
Avengers: Red Zone
Fluff
Cuddling & Snuggling
Pining
Avengers Vol. 3 (1998)
Cap-Ironman Bingo
Community: cap_ironman

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

