Work Text:

"Get the hell out of my office."
Nice one Phil. Real nice.  As the door closed behind Clint, Phil stopped pretending to read the form he'd been staring at since dismissing the man he'd just fucked across the desk. He wiped a hand over his face, then through his hair. His skin was damp, his clothes itched. He needed a shower, to wash off the smell of sex and the feeling of utter disgust he felt at himself.  Sure, he'd justified it in his lust-addled brain that Clint had technically asked for it, technically specified everything Phil had made him do. Technically. ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ As it was, Phil's dick was so big he actually despised it.  The practicalities of having a large penis were mundane and depressing. First of all, it hardly fit inside anyone. He had to suffer the indignity of buying condoms from a company called LongDongz.com. His relationships either petered out after the big reveal, since sex was just too painful and ungainly, or, if he let them know early on, he would get slapped in the face or, on the very rare occasion, end up with a crazed, cock-obsessed stalker on his hands.  So he mostly took care of his urges by himself. Sometimes, on out of state trips by himself, he'd find an anonymous partner via Craigslist, running quasi-legal background checks via SHIELD records on anyone who responded and making sure to be gone by dawn. It was unfulfilling and lonely, and left him hating himself afterwards. Usually, people finding out about it would laugh. Even if they didn't, they tended to ask lots of extremely personal questions that he didn't want to answer. So he kept it a secret, using a stall when he had to go to the bathroom, for instance, spending a fortune on creative tailoring, wearing layer upon layer whenever he'd work out in the gym.  His everyman persona was hard work. He cultivated it as one would a bonsai tree. Keeping everything about himself compact, insular, unassuming, down to the most minute detail. A comically large penis did not fit in with who he was. He hated it. And then Clint fucking Barton, who he'd been pining over since he'd first seen him in a SHIELD briefing room, started talking about dicks and wouldn't stop. He should have just looked at it. Just taken a glance when Clint had asked him to, exclaimed, "My, what a large penis that man has." and it would have shut Clint up, and none of this would have happened. But he didn't look. He didn't want to. He didn't need a reminder of his own monstrosity.  But of course, like a dog with a bone, Barton refused to let it go. He kept on and on about it, not just over that mission but for weeks afterwards. Phil tried to nip it in the bud and say it wasn't appropriate to talk about such things, that Barton should concentrate on the target at hand, on and on, but it was too late. Clint had become convinced that Phil's penis was either a gargantuan beast or a miniscule 'pencil dick'.  Phil had long ago given up trying not to lust after Agent Barton. He'd accepted that nothing would ever actually happen between them. After all, why would Hawkeye himself want anything to do with boring old 'form lover' Phil Coulson? But he allowed himself to idly fantasize about him, as one might daydream about how to spend a million dollars or what one might do if invisible for a day. And since he was Phil Coulson, he'd given each fantasy a number as and when he'd thought of it. They were all there in his mind. Clint holding his hand: Fantasy 44. Clint wearing a buttplug all day: Fantasy 95. Some of the fantasies weren't even all that sexy or interesting, but Phil filed them away anyway. Phil giving Clint a tiny golden bow and arrow as a gift: Fantasy 135. He let himself watch Clint when his back was turned, watch him through his own field lenses under the guise of checking up on their target. He'd orchestrate mission set ups so he would be positioned somewhere that he'd be able to just stare, watch Clint do what he did best, so easy and carefree. He was so beautiful, so charming, in his own smack-talking, smirking way. It broke Phil's heart just a little bit every time he'd catch wind of Clint's string of hookups, men and women alike, met in bars and talked about in the cafeteria the next day. He knew he shouldn't, that one day Barton would leave, or settle down, and it would hurt to keep seeing him every day, hurt worse than it did already. But still he watched, listened to him over the comms, waited. He knew Clint would never be his, and he was OK with it. But when Clint started in on the one subject he couldn't even pretend to have a sense of humour about, it was too much. To know that Clint would laugh in his face if he found out his secret, rather than just assuming he would, was too hard to bear. Phil managed to keep a lid on his emotions for a long time. He'd counted to ten, taken deep breaths, threatened Clint with uniform modifications and range restrictions. But it just made it worse. Weeks it went on, with Barton bringing up pen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Office Sex
Hotel Sex
told from Phil's perspective
Phil has a huge penis
and he's secretly in love with Clint
Unrequited Love
but then maybe it's requited?
Angst
Body Horror
big dick
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

