Chapter 1



Notes:
As a general warning, I've only a vaguest of knowledge about the comics, so this follows the film canon more than anything. However, as it's hard to join this fandom without learning some of the comics, things might slip in.This started as irritation at how most of the FrostIron fics I was finding turned them either ridiculously mushy, or disappointingly high school. I shall try to keep them as close to their film-canon personalities as possible.Near the end of this fic, I had the urge to write something of a prequel one-shot, titled Whatever Lies Beyond This Morning. It certainly doesn't need to be read to understand anything about this fic, but it does give some back-story on how the Avengers got where they are before Loki comes back into the picture.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
When you've lived as long as Loki has, you learned patience (unless you were Thor, whereupon you learned only better ways to rush into things) and thirteen months was nothing in terms of Loki's patience. Yes, the first ten months suffering in silence and starvation for his crimes were not comfortable, and the following three were no great pleasure as he traversed what had once been his home as a traitor and a monster-by-birth, but he bore it with all the poise deserving of a Prince of Asgard. (Prince of Jötunheim, a traitorous part of his mind corrected, and Loki hissed threats and rage at it until it fell silent, its point made.)There had never been much trust for Loki amongst the courts of the Æsir, known as he was by the titles 'Silvertongue' and 'Liesmith', so he brushed off the distrustful glares as he stepped through the Allfather's palace as if he still had a claim to it. (But he didn't; traitor and monster as he was, his rights to the Asgardian throne had been revoked. But Thor still called him 'Brother', and Frigga and Odin still called him 'Son', so he retained his room and freedom in the palace, despite the popular opinion that they'd be best off if he'd been thrown to the frozen wastes that were his birthright.) At times, to soothe his eternal boredom, Loki would leave pranks in his wake, or speak promises and apologies upon unsuspecting visitors, and those actions seemed to cool the tempers of the court far better than any empty promises that Loki might have made when Frigga finally pleaded with Odin into freeing him of his bonds.And Loki thought that was almost sad, even as he laughed at how blind and dull these people he'd once called 'kin' were. The blind stupidity was to his benefit, however, and he played to it as all true players must, smiling and laughing at the misfortune of others in a way he was numb to after falling through terror and blackness and never-ending pain. And the Æsir who had been so distrustful of the monster in their royal halls were still distrustful, but his every breath was no longer watched, leaving Loki to his plans for the Midgardians and his brother.Oh, Loki had given up on ruling a world – Asgard or Jötunheim or Midgard, he craved none – but he could hardly forget the mortals who had put ruin to his plans, or forgive them for shackling and gagging him like some slave. And Thor, who had ripped the Asgardian throne from his fingers and left him to fall forever, then stayed his hand when all Loki wanted was for him to put an end to the monster he'd become. The monster he'd always been.Loki had been slighted and damaged by his violent journey through the broken Bifröst, had been further ruined by the staff handed down to him by Thanos, and then been destroyed by those of Midgard. He daren't attempt to hunt down Thanos, but the Bifröst had been destroyed by Thor, who spent much of his days in Midgard with those mortals – those 'Avengers', the Man of Iron had called them – and Loki would have his revenge on those who had wronged him.Loki had spent his thirteen months of appearing to behave crafting his revenge for those 'Avengers'. Plans had been formed and discarded again and again until he thought he had everything sorted. And then he needed only wait for his chance.

-0-
"Brother!" Thor boomed as he pushed open the door of Loki's room.Loki glanced up, stifling a sneer with a vaguely irritated look at the interruption. "Thor," he replied coolly. When Thor's expression flashed with pain, Loki twisted his mouth and managed an apologetic, "Brother," because he knew the elder craved that sense of familial attachment, an attachment that Loki didn't feel and had to force himself to pretend.Thor's face lit up and he strode into the room, falling into the chair across from Loki like a lump of well-bled meat, Mjölnir thumping loudly at his side. "It's good to see you looking so well, Loki," he offered, voice just a touch too loud for polite company – but, then, Thor had always been too loud – and far happier than the younger thought it had a right to be.Loki considered his adopted brother for a moment before shrugging a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Angst

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Loki & Thor

