Work Text:
Leaving New York was strange; it felt like Steve had just gotten home, even though it wasn't really home anymore, and now he was leaving again. He was relieved when Tony gave them all phones before they scattered. It made sense for them to split up, but it didn't mean they shouldn't stay in touch. There was a part of him that wanted someone to keep in touch with. The only one he couldn't communicate with was Thor, who'd promised to return if and when they could rebuild the conduit between Asgard and Earth. Apparently using the cube for transport was only for emergencies, which was fine with Steve. He didn't particularly like the idea of using it for anything, but at least it was out of SHIELD's hands now.It took Steve an embarrassingly long time to figure out how to text, and even longer to get anywhere close to proficiency at it. Texting seemed to be Natasha's preferred method of communication, though, so he kept at it. She wouldn't say where she was or what she was doing, just that she was working on something. Apparently that something eventually turned into an official operation, but what it involved remained her secret. When he asked Clint about it, Clint said he didn't know any more than Steve did.Bruce went back to India for a while. He'd answer the phone and talk to Steve, but he never really said much, and he never called Steve. It didn't bother Steve. He liked Bruce okay, but they didn't have much in common, unlike Bruce and Tony. Steve was unsurprised when Bruce ended up back in New York after three weeks. He said he couldn't resist Tony's labs, but Steve figured hanging out with Tony was as much a part of it as anything. Tony and Bruce both struck him as the kind of guys who could use more friends, so it was good they were hanging around together.Tony was Tony. He was a good guy. He was a genius. He was, as Clint had said, generous to a fault. He was also a lot to deal with. It was probably good for both of them that they limited their contact to a few short conversations a week.Steve would occasionally talk to Pepper or Phil, who he considered ancillary members of the team, whether or not they knew it. Phil was still a little awkward on the phone with him, which Steve appreciated better now that he knew more about Phil's reputation at SHIELD. Pepper had a lot going on, but every time he talked to her, he felt like he got her full attention. It was flattering and a little nerve-wracking for Steve, who still felt like a fool talking to beautiful women. Natasha was somehow an exception to that; he hadn't quite figured out why.At the beginning he called Clint more often than anyone else because he was concerned about him and Phil. The others all struck him as needing nothing from anyone other than basic friendliness, just a check-in now and again, but Phil was still in the hospital, and Clint had been through the worst kind of hell Steve could imagine. As the days went on, Steve found himself looking forward to his conversations with Clint, which were becoming less about the minutiae of Phil's recovery or good-natured banter about baseball, and more about what was really going on in their lives.It was surprisingly easy to talk to Clint. That Clint was just a voice in his ear and not someone who could see Steve's face probably helped, but Steve thought it was mostly that they seemed to understand each other, to trust each other, on some instinctive level. When he'd first met Clint, Steve had said he reminded him of Bucky, and it was true, to an extent. Clint was a sniper, he was sarcastic, he was on Steve's team; the parallels were obvious. As he got to know Clint better, over the weeks he spent going from one gravesite to another, he realized he himself had as much or more in common with Clint than Bucky.When Steve had called Clint from England, he'd done it because Clint seemed like the kind of guy who wouldn't press him for details, but would understand why Steve might want to hear a friendly voice. Clint spoke to him about Phil's recovery, gave him the latest baseball scores, and listened as Steve told him how different London seemed without barrage balloons, blackout curtains, and rationing. Steve felt a little better after their conversation, a little more able to deal with meeting Peggy's granddaughter. She looked so much like Peggy he kept expecting her to pick up a gun and shoot at him.He called again the next night because he couldn't sleep. Clint snorted and said he wasn't the only one, although he didn't elaborate, just told Steve he and Phil had decided to move into Stark's tower after Phil was released. Steve called after visiting Falsworth's grave and told Clint he wanted to paint the countryside; he didn't think he'd ever seen so much green. If his voice caught when he said it, Clint didn't respond to that directly. Instead, Clint told Steve he'd been born in Iowa and described the corn fields in late summer. "That's the green I'll never forget," he said quietly. "Sometimes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
pepper potts/tony stark - Freeform
tony stark - Freeform
Natasha Romanoff - Freeform
Pepper Potts - Freeform
Bruce Banner - Freeform
Nick Fury - Freeform
Thor Odinson - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

