Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was spring.  The frozen earth had taken a deep breath and, as it exhaled, thawed into rich loamy soil. Young plants burst through, pushing forward in between the dried stalks of the generation prior.  True, it was still a little chilly, but that only made the sun feel better where it touched Erik’s arms and neck. He was seated on his horse at the head of a small party of courtiers and nobles. Ostensibly they were making a survey of the countryside, to see how the people have fared over the cold winter and estimate the prospects for planting in the coming days and weeks. In point of fact, after weeks of cold, gray winter, Erik had been bored, and both he and Magneto deserved an outing.  The courtiers, silly creatures that they were, had decided on their own to join him; Erik certainly hadn’t encouraged them to do so. He squeezed Magneto’s flanks, and the roan stallion burst forward, pleased to have permission to run.  As they sped away he just heard Shaw’s voice floating back to him.“Really, your Highness…”Erik ignored him. Prime Minister Shaw was a useful man - he ran most of the day-to-day affairs of the kingdom while Erik was away at war - but he did have an irritating tendency to attempt to patronize his monarch, especially since he had served as Regent in the several years interim after Erik’s parents passed away and before he came of age. Shaw was the sort who preferred the pomp and ceremony of a castle throne room, where he could remain comfortably in charge as the various nobles and tradesmen came to grovel and petition in front of him, to the bright sunlight and clean air of a spring day outdoors. Magneto cantered away at an easy pace, until Erik turned him away from the road and into an adjacent field and let him go. Then the horse ran like he was flying, intent on some goal Erik could not fathom. His neck, arched forward, became streaked with sweat.  He ran in a straight line, but the road made a gentle curve around them, and at the end of the field they encountered it again. Magneto slowed.  They made their way parallel to the road, heading up a gentle incline until they reached a ridge of sorts. Then, breaking through a stand of trees, they saw the countryside stretched out beneath them in a grand panorama, a patchwork of fields, some yellow and some tilled black, with neat lines of trees demarcating the borders like careful stitching. The road curved down towards a low point on the landscape. Nestled within the greenery there, Erik could just make out the gray walls of the Sanctuary.He dismounted, stretched his legs, and rubbed Magneto’s nose.  He could wait here awhile until the rest of the party caught up, and then perhaps they could head down to the Sanctuary and impose upon the Prioress for some bread and cheese, and possibly wine. They had been riding since near dawn after all, and though for Erik, conditioned he was to military campaigns and long marches, it was nothing, many of the retinue of lords and ladies were showing signs of becoming fatigued and saddle sore, drooping in their expensive riding-dresses like sad little flowers.Erik snorted at the thought of them. He would be glad to leave them in the coming months: this season, he intended to take his army east, and flush out the thief-king Azazel, who had been harassing the villagers of that region for far too long already.  He was distracted from these musings by the rustle of bushes and the sound of footsteps. It was coming from the wrong direction to be Shaw and his party. When no one came forward after a minute, Erik went towards the sounds.It was a young man, in the brown robes of a member of the order.  He was kneeling on the ground, apparently working at digging up some plant he wished to collect. However, he seemed to be having more difficulty with the task than one would expect. His skin was pale and glistening with sweat.The man turned and looked at Erik. He saw large blue eyes, disoriented. Then, with visible effort, the man pulled himself together and sat back on his heels to address Erik.“Oh,” he said. “Hello. I didn’t realize there was any one here.”Dazed, Erik thought to himself, trying to account for the man’s condition. Unwell?Then, abruptly, the breeze shifted.The scent of full, ripe omega hit Erik hard. His nostrils flared and he felt his whole body stiffen involuntarily. By the time he realized what he was doing, he had already lunged towards the man, who was scrambling away from him, his expression turning to one of fear and panic.He was trying to get away from Erik. The thought made him snarl and jump forward, catching the omega’s shoulder and forcing him backwards and down onto his back on the ground, twisted at an uncomfortable angle. Erik loomed over him, taking feral satisfaction in the way that his body was bigger, stronger, and bracketed the smaller omega in. “What?” said the man, “What are you doing? Stop!”  His words registered, but distantly. Was it possible that he didn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Knotting

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw
Hank McCoy/Alex Summers

