Chapter 1: Get to a Warm Place
    




Chapter Text

~*~
It was mid-afternoon by the time Steve Rogers drove into Beacon Hills, legs stiff from hours on the road and shirt sticking to his skin. He took it slow on the highway into town to admire the beautiful forest surrounding the county, but eventually the midsummer heat became too much for him. He pulled into a small business-looking district, driving through the outer edges of the town until he’d at least given a cursory-glance at all the motels the town had to offer. He wanted to know where to go later tonight.
For now, he found a dive bar to hole up in through the midafternoon heat.
He parked his bike in the barebones shade of a wilting tree, breathing in a sigh of relief as he adjusted the shoulder straps of his backpack for the first time in over a hundred miles.
The bar wasn’t completely empty, but it was empty enough that Steve had no problem ordering a dark beer and some garlic fries as he curled in on himself at a table in a shadowy corner of the bar, keeping the bill of his hat low enough to obscure his face without making it too obvious he was trying to hide.
Half the other patrons were also on their own, most reading something on a smart phone, though there were a few pairs of friends quietly chatting as well. It was the slow hour after lunch but before people got off of work, and Steve made a mental note to leave once rush hour started.
He waited until the beer and fries arrived before pulling out his tablet. A password, a number code, and a finger print scan, and he was in, yet again perusing the files on Beacon Hills.
For a small town where nothing happened, a lot sure seemed to happen. It had a long history of unusual crimes and bizarre animal attacks, enough that SHIELD had the town on its radar - even after the deaths of a family full of people who SHIELD suspected of being not quite human.
Steve read through the speculation that perhaps certain myths in human history came from a grain of truth. That maybe humans weren’t the only intelligent or humanoid species on Earth. That maybe various terrorist groups through modern history - dating all the way back to HYDRA - were on to something when they investigated mythology to see where it ran right into history.
One would think humanity would have learned its lesson after the Tesseract.
Still, Steve wasn’t here to investigate. SHIELD didn’t even know he was here, and if they did, Tony and Fury were running interference at his request. Nothing short of a life or death emergency would call Steve back to work.
He was kind of regretting that, right now.
With a frown, he flicked his way through various files and folders, meticulously organized the way he liked it after weeks of work, until he came to civilian background checks.
It had been the only way to learn what had come of his friends - his friends, and the closest thing to family he’d ever had after his own parents died.
Since Bucky had been Steve’s next of kin, both their survivor’s benefits had gone to the Barnes family. The Barnes ladies, really, since Bucky’s own father had died in an accident on an army base years before the war even started. Mrs. Barnes had lived long enough to see all of Bucky’s sisters to adulthood, a nurse and a teacher and a secretary. Unfortunately, Anna died in a car crash, and the shock of losing her only son and youngest daughter seemed to have led to Mrs. Barnes dying of grief. Sarah and Rebecca both married, only for Sarah’s son to die in Vietnam.
War seemed to kill all the Barnes boys.
It was just as well that Rebecca only had one daughter, Claudia, who escaped any kind of violent ending, only to die of some kind of dementia not too long ago.
Steve had missed Bucky’s niece by just a few years.
Hopefully her young boy - the one whose name Steve could not for the life of him pronounce - would escape the life of war and suffering that seemed to hang over the family like some kind of curse.
Bucky’s only family left - Steve’s only family left - was a teenage boy in Beacon Hills, Bucky’s grand-nephew. There wasn’t much about him. Diagnosed with some kind of attention disorder as a child, but he seemed to get good grades all the same. He had a ‘Facebook’, which didn’t tell Steve much other than the fact no one else could pronounce his name, either, if the nickname was anything to go by.
He was about to start the tenth grade, his sophomore year. Steve barely remembered being fifteen, himself - it felt like so long ago. The kid’s Facebook was full of pictures and posts about him and a friend planning to spend the fall training up so they could make the school’s lacrosse team come winter try-outs. Seeing the picture of two teenagers slurping at smoothies while making faces at a camera - or, in all likelihood, camera-phone, because that was a thing in the twenty-first century…
It just made him miss Bucky, and made him realize how much he couldn’t back down from this, now.
There was nothing in these files to help Steve,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Steve/Bucky
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
Primary Relationship is Sciles BROTP
QPR Stucky
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Derek Hale & Scott McCall
Derek Hale & Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
pre-stucky - Relationship
pre-Sterek
Derek Hale & Stiles Stilinski
Temporary or Background Stiles/Erica
Temporary or Background Stiles/Lydia
Temporary or Background Scott/Allison
Temporary or Background Derek Hale/Steve Rogers
Derek Hale & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
outsider pov
Steve Rogers POV
Avengers - Freeform
Werewolves
Canon Parallel
canon AU
PTSD
Grief
SHIELD Knows Things
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Bisexual Stiles Stilinski
Brotp
Pack Feels
Team Feels
Panic Attacks
Inhaler Feels
Asthma
Jewish Stiles Stilinski
Jewish Bucky Barnes
historical racism
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
discussions of domestic violence
Suicidal Ideation
History
Derek is a Failwolf
But he's trying
Big Brother Derek
Derek is a Good Friend
Scott McCall is a Good Friend
Family Feels
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Not Sterek Fandom
Depression
Depression Recovery
Pro-Everyone
if you are anti- or really hate anyone
besides the villains
you probably won't enjoy this fic

fandom: 
past Steve/Bucky
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
Primary Relationship is Sciles BROTP
QPR Stucky
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Derek Hale & Scott McCall
Derek Hale & Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
pre-stucky - Relationship
pre-Sterek
Derek Hale & Stiles Stilinski
Temporary or Background Stiles/Erica
Temporary or Background Stiles/Lydia
Temporary or Background Scott/Allison
Temporary or Background Derek Hale/Steve Rogers
Derek Hale & Steve Rogers

