Work Text:
Phil goes to sleep under a well-worn red-white-and-blue comforter, and wakes up in a war zone.He’s never been one to snap awake, and so he drifts into awareness with nothing but the vague but growing conviction that something is wrong. Something’s gone strange with his bed; it feels more like broken pavement under his back than an actual mattress, and there are faint but persistent noises filtering through the still mostly pleasant haze of sleep: sirens, shouting, pounding footsteps. It’s the smell that finally wakes him up fully: smoke and melting rubber, and beneath it the mostly unidentifiable scent of something, well, unidentifiable, but probably somehow vital, burning.He jerks upward, panicked, and immediately has to lean over to the side and seriously contemplate throwing up, head spinning. Something is -- there’s something weird; his skin feels too-tight, his limbs don’t want to work right; he falls over from his tenuously upright position when his arms give out, trembling, and stares up at the sky from his back. It’s full of skyscrapers and smog, although the smog might be from the fires he can still hear and smell burning merrily away somewhere nearby.There’s a voice in his head saying, “Coulson,” with increasing persistence. He forces himself to sit up again and shakes his head a few times, violently; out of the corner of his eye something small and black flies away from his ear and the voice, thank god, stops.“Coulson!”Or, okay, maybe not. A man skids into view, and the small part of Phil’s brain that is not preoccupied with shell-shock makes a mental ticky note in the “hunk” column before noticing that the guy is holding a bow and has a quiver on his back, at which point it gives up entirely. “Coulson?” the guy says, sounding horrified.“Join the club,” Phil says, realizing, belatedly, that this is not actually how conversations work. Question. Response. “How do you know my name?”Mr Bow-and-Arrow, in the process of taking two steps forward, halts abruptly and stares at Phil from three feet away, an an indecipherable expression on his face. “What’s the last thing you remember?” he says.“What’s the last thing I -- going to sleep,” Phil says, “I went to bed. I have school in the morning. What’s happening?”“Oh, Jesus,” says Mr Bow-and-Arrow. “Yes, I found him,” he adds, “fuck, yes -- no, I don’t know, come see for yourselves.”“Okay,” Phil says, slowly. “Well. I’m just going to go now, if it’s all the same to you.” He climbs painfully to his feet, the man still staring at him in a way that’s rapidly crossing the line from weird to extremely uncomfortable. What would Captain America do, Phil thinks to himself, a little hysterically. He thinks the answer to that might be, sock the bad guy in the face, but this guy’s arms are pretty much three times the size of Phil’s neck and, well, he knows his own strength.Phil takes one wobbly step and trips over his own feet, landing hard on the pavement and realizing on the way down, with a certain degree of horror, that he’s wearing clothes that are definitely not his. Phil has never owned a suit this nice in his entire life, and he thinks that if he did he would probably want it to fit better than this.“Approach on foot,” says Mr Bow-and-Arrow, tightly, and then makes a face that might be supposed to be a smile. It falls a little short of reassuring. “How old are you, Coulson?”Phil says, “I’m sixteen,” hoping that his voice isn’t shaking, and knows from the crestfallen expression on the man’s face that this is, in some way, the wrong answer.“Did you catch that?” Mr Bow-and-Arrow asks. “Yeah. ETA?”“Who are you --” Phil starts, and is interrupted by three people coming cautiously around the corner, dressed bizarrely, all looking a little worse for the wear and staring at Phil, just like Mr Bow-and-Arrow.“Coulson?” one of them says; Phil doesn’t quite catch who.“How did I get here? What’s going on? How do you all know my name?”A fourth person steps into sight wearing a full Captain America costume. It’s maybe the best one he’s ever seen, for all that it’s subtly inaccurate. It’s too showy: it has a cowl instead of a functional helmet; the material is weirdly thin; the colours too bright. Still, it must have cost a fortune. “That’s really great,” Phil says, momentarily distracted from where am I and what happened and ow.The small crowd in front of him exchange glances, and then the one wearing some sort of suit of armour laughs nervously and says, “Oh man, that’s totally him, isn’t it. It’s actually him. What the actual fuck.”“Is this - is this Comic-Con?” Phil asks, hopefully.It isn’t Comic-Con.//Phil gets offered a hand from the woman with bright red hair, who yanks him upright like it’s nothing, for all that he’s taller than her. She says, “Hmm,” and then briskly and efficiently locates and removes two handguns and three knives of varying sizes from holsters and pockets that Phil only becomes aware of when she reveals them.“Those are -- those are not min
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Team!!
Accidental Teenagers
deaging

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

