Work Text:
Steve wasn’t entirely aware of what was happening.  He could hear, there were people close to him talking and moving around.  He could feel them run their hands over his face but couldn’t move to stop them.  Then he would be alone, unable to see what room he was in or determine what the sounds around him were.  There was a rustling of something off to his left, a beeping to his right, and an electronic hum above him.  The blankets under his fingers seemed rough and stiff, the pillow under his head plush and smelled distinctly like cheap soap.He couldn’t move, he was being held down by limp arms and legs and he couldn’t even will his eyes open.  Something was happening to him and he wasn’t entirely sure what it was, but he was trapped and confused.  Perhaps he had died, the last thing he remembered was crashing a plane into the Arctic, wishing Peggy a goodbye and imagining what the world he was leaving behind would turn into once the war ended.  Then he was here, shivering from a cold he could feel in his bones and the total immobility.A door crashed open.  “Well, who might you be?”  A voice said, masculine and out of breath.  He walked with heavy, confident steps that Steve could recognize from men in positions of power.  He had been around enough rich socialites drooling over him after the serum and enough war generals to recognize authority.  He could hear the clatter of muffled footsteps running past.  “Sh, I just need to lay low for a while.  You won’t tell, will you?”Just like that, light flooded Steve’s vision.  It was overwhelming at first, blurred objects barely visible.  The moment passed slowly and the lines became clearer to reveal an man hovering over him, his hands cupping Steve’s face as he held his eyes open.  His dark hair was short and fell over his eyes, sticking up in some places as if he had been running his fingers through it.  His eyebrows were drawn down in concentration and the lines in his face showed exhaustion.  Handsome, a pretty good sight for the first thing he gets to see after nearly dying.“Hm, dead to the world.”  The man said.  He backed away, but thankfully left Steve’s eyes open.  The room was a bland beige color that made his eyes hurt more, the ceiling fan humming as it spun over him.  He couldn’t move his eyes that much, just barely enough to follow the man as he walked towards the end of his bed where a few folders and clipboards sat.Steve wanted to scream at him, because he wasn’t ‘dead to the world’.  He was alive and awake, staring right at him.  He just couldn’t move!  The beeping grew slightly louder, causing the man to look up and towards something to the right of Steve, beyond his very small field of vision.“Getting excited, are we?”  The man said, his voice was lower.  “I would be too if I was found frozen in the ice.  Not doing too bad though.  You’re alive, which is more we could say about most people in your situation.  It’s pretty vague here so I’ll have to dig up some more later.”Yes, Steve knew that.  He was alive, he could think, hear, taste, and feel.  He just couldn’t move, paralyzed and unable to communicate.  Trapped in his own body.  With a man who was talking to him as if he was there and awake and listening when he clearly didn’t believe so.“Tell you what, you’re a great listener and let me hide out in your room while security goes looking for me, they’re not smart enough to look at security footage so I guess I’m safe for the next five minutes, and I like you.  You don’t interrupt me.”  The man said, shooting Steve a bright smile that once again made the beeping pick up just a little bit.  “I’m not a biologist.  I think I dated a biologist once, feisty lady, but she hated how I did my hair.  It was never going to work between us, my hair is incredible and I deserve someone who appreciates it.  Anyway, I’m going to help you, buddy.”Steve wasn’t sure how to feel about that.  This man didn’t seem like the kind of guy he would want poking at anything involved in a medical facility.  He didn’t fit Steve’s idea of a doctor, he fit more of Howard’s image of a mad but charming inventor.  Right now, Steve didn’t need someone like Howard, he needed someone like Erikson.  And Peggy, he needed Peggy.The door opened and several men walked in, one was wearing the long white coat Steve associated with doctors and the other was in a strange looking suit.  Tony smiled at the two of them as they entered, showing a perfect set of white teeth.  “Hey, Agent.  Where ya been?”“Mr. Stark, you do not have clearance to be here.”  The man said, looking more annoyed than anything else.  Until he turned his head towards Steve and something else filled his expression.  “You should leave.”The doctor walked up quickly and with gentle hands he closed Steve’s eyes, leaving him alone in the darkness.  He could hear the man’s, Mr. Stark, steady footsteps out of the room and the door closing behind them.  Then it was silence again.  The loneliness was overwhelming when it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Coma
but not really
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve
Tony Feels
Arc Reactor
Getting to Know Each Other
Medical Inaccuracies
Falling In Love
Mutual Pining
Explicit Sexual Content
Tony Stark Has Issues
Insecure Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

