Chapter 1: Hawkeye
    




Chapter Text
Hawkeye never missed a shot.Steve Rogers may have had his doubts about the man, but those doubts had all been erased by his skill as an archer and his earnestness to atone for the Battle of New York. More than that, the man was consistent. Natasha kept secrets, Tony was consistent only in the fact that he was always unpredictable, Bruce could transform into the Hulk any second, and Thor was…well, Thor was Thor. But Hawkeye? Steve always knew the man would be keeping an eye on his teammates' backs from whatever building offered the best view. During their current fight against Justin Hammer's brand of Iron Man-like droids called "Adaptoids", that building was a chrome corporate tower sitting across from an undercover S.H.I.E.L.D. storage facility.Steve didn't even need to direct him into position, Hawkeye just knew where to stand. While Steve fought drones on the ground level, Hawkeye kept an eye on the scene, picking off the bastards whenever they came too close to another Avenger. More than once, Steve had raised his shield and turned around to find a silver drone slumped to the ground beside him with a black arrow through its head. After the third time it happened, Steve glanced at Hawkeye to find him perched on the edge of the building and firing off arrows in every direction. So damn reliable. Hawkeye had his idiosyncrasies; he was sarcastic, stubborn, and on his worst days, almost as reckless as Stark. But at the end of the line, Steve knew Hawkeye would watch their backs. He never missed a shot. So Captain Rogers jumped back into action, let Hawkeye work, and forgot about him in favor of keeping Stark under control.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Clint Needs a Hug
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Has Issues
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Some Humor
Fraction Hawkeye
Itty Bitty Deadpool reference
Like blink and it's gone reference
Insecure Clint
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
S.H.I.E.L.D. still exists
The Avengers are Clueless
Hurt Clint Barton
Hydra (Marvel)
A.I.M.

fandom: 
None
