Work Text:






Tony Stark glared at the Stark Industries board of directors and couldn't decide who he hated more – his father or his father's partner. Given that Obadiah Stane had done his best to kill Tony, twice, that was saying quite a lot. But while the late, unlamented (at least by Tony) Obi might have been a treacherous, murderous bastard; it was Howard Stark's will that had the fossils on the board looking so smug. Or at least the line in it about opening further instructions in the event of Stane's death.Damned piece of paper had outted Tony in the first sentence. An entire lifetime of hiding who and what he really was undone with a simple, 'My son, Anthony, is an omega.' The rest of the sentence, '…and therefore unfit to run the company on his own,' was the icing on the fucking cake. Right, unfit. He'd been the creative genius behind SI since he was a teenager, but somehow, his damned biology made him a lousy CEO. He ignored the inner voice – sounded a lot like Pepper's – saying, 'No, Tony, it's your personality, not your internal organs,' and fixed his glare on SI's chief counsel.The old man looked unimpressed – Tony always had hated lawyers especially ones with Twitter accounts they used to make certain the whole world knew about the omega-thing five seconds after the board – and said, "The terms are quite clear, if you do not mate within six weeks after Mr. Stane's death, you forfeit controlling interest in the company."Dear old Dad had stipulated Tony receive a stipend that would keep him rolling in money for the rest of his life, but without Stane's 'calming' influence on his omeganess, he considered Tony a liability to his legacy. Which meant he either mated or SI would go right back into the weapons business. Of course, even if he went along with this bullshit, there was a good chance his alpha would order him to knock it off and go back to creating better bombs. No wonder they all looked so happy.Not a one of them wanted to take the riskier road to profits offered by clean energy, when being merchants of death was a sure thing. Fuckers. Should have gotten rid of all of them when he'd had the chance, but he'd thought it better for SI's stock to stabilize from the 'no more weapons R&D' announcement before he started cleaning house.He considered storming out and telling them good luck on doing things without him. Hell, he owned most of the patents on his work, so he could block its further use in weapons and wash his hands of the lot of them, but … The fucking company would still have his name on it, as would every bringer of death it churned out. He had to close his eyes for a moment against the memory of seeing the company logo stenciled on the side of the missile that had left the shrapnel embedded in his chest. A lifelong souvenir of his time in Afghanistan. But he'd thwarted his captors and his injuries, had survived to sit at this over-priced table with these worthless, visionless alphas, and he'd be damned if he'd be defeated now.Tony stood up and gave them all his most insincere yet charming smile. "If you'll excuse me, it seems I have a mating ball to plan." A ripple of unease passed over their expressions and well it should. Like the Ten Rings, his board of directors would soon find out, trying to force Tony Stark to do something had dire consequences.

*
Like most alphas, Howard Stark had been visibly appalled when the doctors had presented him with a knotless infant son. An omega. While it had been more than a century since even attitudes labeled betas as less than alphas, even the word 'omega' was always spoken with either distaste or a condescending 'isn't he cute' air. Naturally, Howard, being the prideful man he was, had decided to hide the family 'disgrace.'A small fortune had been spent to make certain not a scrap of paper or a single word identified Tony as anything less than an alpha, while Tony's own temperament had guaranteed no one would identify him otherwise. From infancy on his friends were all alphas and betas – or at least as far as he knew. More than one obstetrician to the rich and famous had retired early after a hefty 'silence' bonus.When Tony had reached puberty and headed for MIT, his father had hired a beta from his freshman class to be his assistant. Yes, Tony had actually needed one of those even back then since tending to get so absorbed in his lab work he forgot to do things like eat, sleep or keep appointments had always been a problem, but Pepper Pott's duties had also included posing as his girlfriend. They'd gone with an off-again/on-again sort of relationship vibe while becoming good friends, and until Howard's letter had told the fucking world, she had been the only living person who knew he was omega. She was still among the very few who knew about the arc reactor in his chest. No, she didn't know everything about him -- including one huge gold-and-red hued secret – but Pepper was the first person he always turned to when he needed to talk someth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

