Chapter 1





Chapter Text

   
 Steve hears the doorbell as soon as he turns off the shower tap, and judging by the sound of three consecutive rings, whoever is at the door is impatient. He tries to think whether he’s expecting someone, maybe a parcel delivery or if Sam has decided to drop by unexpectedly, as he jumps out of the bathtub and grabs the first towel within reach, wrapping it around his waist. He jogs to the front door barefoot and looks through the peephole quickly before half-opening the door.“Hey, um, can I help you?” He’s trying to hide himself behind the door, with one hand on the handle and another holding the towel in place.The guy pushes his sunglasses above to rest on his head. “I’m Bucky, I’m here for the viewing?” He says as he very indiscreetly looks at Steve, his eyes travelling from top to bottom, and then meeting his gaze.“Oh, shit, I forgot about it.” Steve breathes out. He steps back and opens the door, allowing Bucky to step inside. “Um, give me a minute – I’ll put some clothes on.”Bucky makes a quiet humming sound in response and doesn’t take his eyes off Steve until the blond man disappears down the hall and into his bedroom. He then turns around and starts walking around the apartment, casually glancing around, and settles on the living room sofa.When Steve reappears, fully clothed, Bucky grins at him. “I think I liked your previous look better.”“Um,” Steve stutters. Did he hear right? He can’t have heard right. “I can show you your room?”Bucky follows him into the spare bedroom, where there’s a double bed in the middle of the room, a desk in the corner and large windows on the west wall. Steve looks at Bucky while he examines the room, really looks at him – at the curl of his eyelashes, the rough stubble on his chin, his sharp cheekbones and mouth so pink it’s almost sinful. Well, shit.Bucky nods approvingly. “I think it’ll do,”“Yeah?” Steve asks, hoping Bucky won’t notice that he sounds hopeful. It’s not like he has a particular interest in Bucky becoming his new roommate, he tells himself, even if it wouldn’t hurt for his new roommate to be really cute and totally bang-able. It’s just that finding a new roommate has been a nightmare.“Yeah,” Bucky grins again and Steve thinks, shit, shit, shit, but manages to smile back. “I mean…” Bucky pauses, looking thoughtful for a second. “It’s close to campus and all the appartments I’ve looked at so far were absolutely shit, so,”Steve nods in agreement. “Well then, great.”Steve gives Bucky a quick tour of the apartment, tells him about the neighbourhood, and they go over rent and bill payments and the legal documents that need to be sorted out.“So when can I move in?”“As soon as possible,” Steve blurts out instantly. He cringes at himself and starts blushing when Bucky looking amused. “I mean, as soon as you want,”“Okay,” Bucky says with a laugh, and Steve feels something flutter in his stomach. Bucky grabs the jacket he’d thrown over the armchair and the stack of paperwork Steve had handed him and makes for the door. “I’ll, err, I’ll let you know about the moving in.” He pauses with his hand on the doorknob and looks back at Steve. “I’ll try to make it ASAP.” He says with a wink and disappears out of the door.Steve rubs his face with both hands. He is so, so screwed. ~~~ He tries to distract himself for the next few hours; he makes dinner, works on his latest commission painting, then picks up his phone and decides to text Natasha.
“Think I found a new roommate”
His phone beeps within minutes.
“Yay :)”

“Think I might be crushing on said new roommate”
Steve curses to himself when his phone starts ringing. “You have something against texting?”“Nope,” Natasha sounds like she’s trying to stifle a laugh. “Tell me about her.”“It’s a guy.”He knows she’s rolled her eyes. “Okay, tell me about him. Does he have eyes so blue they’re like the ocean and an ass so heavenly that-”Steve bites his bottom lip. “You know what, forget about it. What was I thinking telling you about it?”“Aww, Steve, you know I’m joking. And you did good by telling me, I need to keep track of your love life otherwise I’d go about trying to set you up with people while you’re in your new roommates bed doing-”“Bye, Natasha.”He doesn’t even feel bad about hanging up on her, and especially not when he gets a text 2 seconds later which says, “Pepper (and I) want pictures :)” ~~~ Bucky moves in two weeks later, and brings surprisingly too few boxes for a student. Steve tries not to stare at Bucky’s ass as he helps him carry the boxes up the stairs to their fourth floor apartment. At the end of the day, there’s a couple of small boxes in the living room and one in the kitchen, and the rest are in Bucky’s room, along with his suitcase.Bucky shrugs out of his coat and pulls his beanie hat off, hanging them both by the rack near the door, and runs a gloved hand through his longish hair, smoothing it back. He walks around in the living room, looks out the windows for a moment, a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Roommates/Housemates
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Friends
Enemies to Lovers
Love/Hate
Falling In Love
Living Together
Fluff
Angst
Humour
Drinking
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Grief/Mourning
Artist Steve Rogers
Slow Burn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

