Chapter 1: Cast Into A Different Life
    


Notes:
TRIGGER WARNING: Implied/referenced child abuse; kidnapping; use of drugs on minor.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 “Hello,” a blonde man smiled down at a very tiny Tony Stark.  Tony had been sitting on a bench outside his school for two hours at that point, waiting for his mother to come pick him up.  Usually Jarvis was the one to come get him, but Jarvis was visiting some friends and had told Tony to wait for his mother to pick him up.  So there Tony waited…but his mother had not come to get him yet. The teacher, Miss Heather, had been waiting with him at first and tried calling his mother after a while.  Maria had said she was on her way and that it was all right to leave if Miss Heather wanted.  Miss Heather felt terrible about leaving such a small child on his own, but Maria Stark had assured her she would be there soon.  The school was in a good neighborhood and Miss Heather really needed to go pick up her own child from the middle school nine blocks away.  Tony smiled at his teacher and told her he would just sit there and wait for his mother.  He didn’t like it when she frowned.  His teacher was very nice and she didn’t need to worry about him.  Tony was a big boy and could take care of himself, he told her proudly. Smiling worriedly down at the little boy, Miss Heather had waited another few minutes before leaving.  That had been twenty-five minutes ago and Tony’s mother still had not come to get him.  But now there was this man talking to him…maybe he was going to wait with Tony now.  Tony stared up at the man, eyes large and innocent, his fingers clutching tightly to the backpack in his lap.  Cocking his head to the side, Tony spoke quietly, “hi.” The man kneeled down next to Tony, making it easier for Tony to speak with him.  Tony didn’t like being so tiny.  It made speaking to adults difficult because it hurt his neck.  Tony used to just talk to their legs, because knees were at his height…but his father hadn’t liked that.  No, Howard had not liked that one bit.  He said it was disrespectful.  Howard said Tony needed to learn proper manners and must look someone in the eye when speaking with them. Tony always looked adults in the eye now and used a quiet, polite tone.  The pain in his neck was better than the pain all over.  Howard had taught him that once and Tony was a fast learner. “What’s your name?”  Tony bit his lip, unsure if he should answer.  Jarvis told him not to speak with strangers…but Howard told him never to disrespect adults.  And it would be disrespectful if Tony ignored the man, right?  Tony didn’t like disappointing Jarvis, but he didn’t like the pain even more, so he decided to answer. “Anthony Stark.” As soon as Tony said his name the man got that gleam in his eyes that Tony sometimes saw in the eyes of the villains in movies on TV.  He didn’t like that gleam.  It was scary.  But he knew that villains were supposed to be scary, so maybe it was okay. “Are you now…why are you out here all alone?”  The man’s wild eyes darted around, searching for something. Tony was curious what he was looking for but it wasn’t his place to ask questions of adults. “I’m waiting for my mother.  She was supposed to pick me up from school.”  It was starting to get late and the cold city wind was cutting through Tony’s thin jacket, making him shiver. “Oh...you mean Maria?”  The man said, eyes still ceaselessly scanning the area.  Tony wondered if he would get in trouble for the lack of eye contact.  It wasn’t Tony’s fault, so Howard shouldn’t get mad at Tony, right? “You know my mother?” Tony asked curiously. The man nodded his head enthusiastically, grinning widely.  Tony tried not to cringe when he saw the man’s teeth.  They were kind of crooked and yellow and made creepy-crawlies go up and down Tony’s arms.  But Tony didn’t tell the man so, that would be rude. “Yes, she asked me to come pick you up for her.”  “She did?” The man hopped to his feet, holding out his hand to Tony.  “Mmhmm, so we better get going.”  Tony frowned in thought, not sure what to do.  Jarvis had told him to wait for his mother and this man was very obviously not his mother. “I don’t know, mister…” “Come on Anthony, you wouldn’t want to disappoint your parents, would you?” Gulping loudly, Tony shook his head back and forth.  “No, sir.”  It was a bad idea to make Howard mad, and Tony was a smart boy who avoided bad ideas. Tony reached out a tiny hand and let himself be pulled up next to the man.   He scampered along, almost losing his balance in his attempt to keep up with the man’s long strides. The man led him over to an old, run-down car, holding the back door open.  Tony frowned, feeling something was wrong.  Neither of his parents would be seen in or even be associated with such a dirty vehicle.  Howard always stressed that appearances meant everything.  The man’s slightly wrinkled suit had made Tony suspicious 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Timeline
more like an Alternate Starkline
...author not sure how to describe it
Snark
Kidnapping
teenage!Tony
Nicknames
slight angst
Flashbacks
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Abuse

fandom: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

