Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Erik checks into his hotel in the early evening Dubai time, dragging his suitcase behind him on a magnetic leash, his belongings held still inside it by the tight-bound wire he laid across them, meshing them in place. It’s a relief to get into the air-conditioning, out of the arid desert heat and the lingering sunshine - it’s blistering out there and he’s been awake for over twenty-four hours, finds it enervating instead of blissful, the way he usually would. He never sleeps on planes, the feel of all that metal surrounded by all that nothing is unnerving, but more than that the absence of Charles’ gentle touch in his mind has left him uneasy and uncharacteristically anxious, half his thoughts casting themselves about for his submissive and worrying when they don’t find him there.It was a long fourteen hours on that plane, regardless of the excellent service in Business Class.There’s nobody else waiting, so it’s only a question of walking to the desk and handing over his reservation papers. The woman behind the check-in desk smiles at him as she taps at her tablet computer with rapid-beat fingers, and Erik tries to make some sort of accommodating expression at her as he takes his key card and whatever other papers they’ve pressed on him, but he’s pretty sure it comes out as more of a grimace. Everything after that is a bit of a blur, exhaustion getting the best of him. Erik waits, half-dozing, for an elevator; the ride up is just as surreal, the lift smooth enough that the only sense of movement is that of the passing metal around him. He barely notices his surroundings. They’re probably beautiful - the entire elevator is built of glass, and it opens onto a panoramic view over the city as he rises up into the higher floors of the hotel, lights twinkling below among the sand and palm trees. Erik leans his forehead against the window and leaves a greasy smear, yawning without covering his mouth. Emma would be ashamed. Correction - Moira would be ashamed. Emma would be irritated and threaten to force-imprint some manners on him if she caught him at it again.Probably better let them know he’s arrived safely, he thinks idly, then dismisses it just as easily. He’s a grown man. They’ll cope.When he gets out of the elevator he has to glance at his paperwork a few times before he remembers the room number, and it is with deep relief that Erik finally finds his room and uses his powers rather than the key card to open the door. It takes a moment or two of fumbling with the magnetic reader before he finds the resonance to trip the sensor, but then the lock beeps, the light turns green, and he can go inside and close the door behind him, between him and the rest of the world.The room he’s been given is lovely. The carpet under his feet is thick and springy, the walls are painted some sort of off-white that feels expensive rather than generic, and the windows are enormous - whoever was in here last, probably the cleaner, left the curtains wide open, and the whole city view is open in front of him, a marina off to the right and to the left the lights and high-rise buildings of Dubai itself, cars and people and all manner of metal moving around, taking advantage of the dying light and heat. Erik dumps his suitcase at the foot of his bed and raises his hands high enough to wave the curtains closed, the metal rings sweeping the brocaded fabric together like the finale of a theatre performance, shutting out the light.Everything in him is heavy, from his eyelids to his fingertips to the sway of his head dragging forward with exhaustion. Erik forces himself to kick his shoes off before collapsing backward across the width of the bed perpendicular to where he ought to be lying by rights, but he can’t bring himself to care. Instead he pulls his phone from his pocket, ready to dial before he remembers the international fees, and decides to charge it to Stark’s credit card instead. The room’s phone handset is wireless, and it floats easily over to him with a little further effort.He dials the number from memory.“Hello, Charles Xavier.”“Hi,” Erik says, and lets his eyes droop closed.“Erik!” Charles’ voice is like a balm over Erik’s jangled nerves - he wouldn’t sound that warm if anything had happened to him. “You’re there, then? Oh, of course you’re there, stupid question. How was your flight?”The mattress is soft and welcoming, and Erik sinks into it gratefully, reaching up with his free hand to loosen his tie. “Long. Tiring. I can’t help but feel I should have asked Azazel to give me a jump.”“You know you don’t like making the man feel like a taxi,” Charles says mock-sternly, and Erik hears the whirr of Charles’ ancient computer in the background amid the shuffling of papers - he must be in his little office at the university, between classes or working on his own projects. It’s only early afternoon back in New York. It seems impossible that it has only been a little more than half a day since Erik left
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
BDSM
Dom/sub
Phone Sex
Gloves
Fur Kink
Voyeurism
Masturbation
Vibrator
Bondage
Self-Bondage
Shibari
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Cultural Differences
Culture Shock
Dry Humping
Kinbaku (Japanese Rope Bondage)
Rope Bondage
Cock Rings
Massage
Comeplay

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

