Work Text:

Pepper's Me Time
It took a very special, very specific kind of person to deal with the Avengers on a regular basis, but Phil Coulson supposed that Pepper Potts had a lot of experience with extreme personalities. It was probably why they got along so well. He liked Pepper, because she made things easier, and God knew they both appreciated the value of someone who made things easier.At the moment, however..."What do you mean, he's out?" Pepper asked, and Phil held up a calming hand. "Out of the closet or something, right? Because so help me God, if Justin Hammer got paroled -- ""Hammer has friends in very high places," Phil replied. "It was a pardon.""Are you kidding me?" Pepper asked. "That asshat got pardoned?""And some international governments are getting some very shiny new weapon designs," Phil said. "There's nothing we can do. We weren't even notified until he was out.""So why are you here in my office? Are you going looking for him?" Pepper asked. "Even if you find him you can't arrest him, right?" Phil regarded her for a moment, and she frowned. "Ohhh, no.""He's made threats against you in the past -- ""He was being arrested!"" -- and now he's out, and those threats he made to your face weren't the only ones," Phil finished. "He's gone to ground somewhere, and we don't know where. We have concerns.""Come on, you know how sleazeballs like him are, they're all talk," Pepper said."I'd agree with you, but a few years ago someone very much like him built a flying robot suit and started independently taking out terrorist camps.""Tony's not -- ""I know," Phil said. "But you see my point. Whether or not these threats are credible, we're going to take them very seriously. You're the head of a large corporation with important ties to SHIELD, and you have personal connections to some very dangerous, unstable people."Pepper frowned. "Who?""The Avengers," Phil said drily. "Look, you can refuse to accommodate protective detail, but we'll just assign a covert one. And..." he shook his head, offering her his phone. "This is a partial report on Hammer's threats against the CEO of Stark Industries."Pepper looked down. "I'd like to gut that bitch from chin to cu -- oh my God.""I'm guessing he was being extra-artistic for the fellow prisoner he was talking to, but I'm not going to bet your life on it," Phil replied. "So you can accept the security detail, or we can do this covertly, which is more difficult, and that puts your life in unnecessary danger. Those are your options, Pepper.""I don't want strange SHIELD agents on my detail. I deal in a lot of classified information.""No strangers. It'll be Clint, Natasha, and myself in eight-hour shifts."Pepper nodded. "I want you during working hours.""Convenient," Phil drawled."Tony's not going to react well to this.""One more reason to put security in place before he finds out," Phil replied."I don't suppose it's legal to wind him up and send him out to find Hammer?" she asked with a half-smile."We're putting him and Captain Rogers on a team to track Hammer down. If we kept him off, he'd just do it on his own. At least this way there are controls in place.""You have a high opinion of Steve's ability to control Tony.""It's something. Anything that lessens the likelihood of Iron Man committing unprovoked homicide -- ""I think we could argue he was provoked. He's provocable."Phil spread his hands. "Well, I won't weep over Hammer's body if it happens. In the meantime..."Pepper sighed. "Okay." She looked down, then back up at Phil. "I should be worried, shouldn't I?""Not with us here," Phil said smoothly. "Clint and Natasha take the job very seriously.""And you?""I take you very seriously."That got him a smile. "Thank you, Phil. When do we start?""Right now. I'll call for Natasha to relieve me at two, and Clint will relieve her at ten tonight. I'll be with you from six to two every day.""That's not so bad. Natasha does professional very well.""I think she enjoys it," Phil said with a smile. "I'm going to go do a check of the office and then stand quietly against a wall and watch you work.""That's good, because my lunch meeting is here," she replied, turning to her keyboard. A few taps signalled her assistant to send the Senator in -- Phil had checked her calendar while he was prepping for the op -- and with him came Natasha in her best Bland Administrator suit, carrying two trays."Lunch is clean," Natasha murmured as she passed."Keep an eye on her until I get back," Phil replied."You got it."He returned from a security check of the office just as the Senator was leaving; Natasha wasn't in evidence, but that didn't mean she wasn't watching. Pepper nodded to him as he took up a position near the door, with clear sightlines of all entries and exits.At the worst of times Pepper still exuded professionalism and competence, and Phil had known from his initial research years ago that she was an intelligent woman capable of handling a temperamental genius like Stark. Watching
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Friendship
Identity Issues
Secrets
comic books
Surfing
Recreational Drug Use

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

