Chapter 1: Part 01
    




Chapter Text
New fiction. Oh god; stop the plot bunnies, so that I might get some studying done! I have another FrostIron fic in the works, a Thor/Harry/Loki one, and then, THEN, then I’ll get back to working on all the HP fics I left hanging. #Ashamed
Enjoy PART 1!


“Redemption Songs”


Disclaimer:  Harry Potter is property of JK Rowling, Bloomsbury, Warner Bros, et all. Avengers, Thor, Loki, etc belong to Marvel, Stan Lee, et co. I make no money from this and own nothing, don’t sue.  Summary:  [HP/Loki] Loki escapes from Asgard during his punishment, and finds himself back in New York City where people still remember his face. Well, except for one man, who doesn’t know of him or the Avengers and has a strange habit of trying to save people who are beyond redemption. Like Loki, Harry has known pain and suffering, and was Mother once. And like Harry, Loki now has someone who wants to save him.  Warnings:  Slash. HP/Loki. Post-Avengers.  Violence. Language. Torture. Typos. Creepiness. Eventual happy ending. AU Harry Potter ending. Past LV/HP. Mpreg. Past rape. Lots of Loki feels. Angst. Rating:  NC-17. A/N: Title is the name of a Bob Marley song: it’s good, youtube it. Also. I might have broken Loki (with all his creys and my feels and his hurts), so he’s bottoming for this fic… 

XXX

“Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery; none but ourselves can free our minds.” – Bob Marley. 
“…love has within it a redemptive power. And there is a power there that eventually transforms individuals.” – Martin Luther King, Jr. 
“However, since He took the most horrific death to redeem us, He showed us in fact that suffering and pain have great power.” - E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly.
Words:  1,439Chapter 1March 18th 2013. London. 
The war hadn’t ended the way Harry had always thought it would. 
It had been Hermione’s idea, actually, based off of something she had read in the children’s book Dumbledore had left to her in his will. Harry had later learnt that it wasn’t actually that particular story Dumbledore had wished for them to read and remember, but another, but that was the one that stuck in Hermione’s mind. 
It was the magical version of Romeo and Juliet, the star-crossed lovers. But in the Wizarding World, marriages were used to end feuds between families, not hidden like Romeo’s but celebrated, resented at times, and the families that were joined were unable to harm one another without harming themselves. And that was the point that had ensnared his friend. So, when the Death Eaters had attacked the Burrow just after Bill and Fleur’s wedding, Hermione hadn’t run and hid like the majority of other guests. Nor had she attacked and defended as the Order members did. Instead, she had cast ‘Sonorus’ upon herself, and announced before friends and foe alike their surrender, on one condition: that Harry Potter marry the Dark Lord Voldemort.
Voldemort hadn’t been a bad husband, Harry had to admit. The Dark Lord couldn’t torture him, or allow others to hurt him, and Harry had turned it into a game of sorts, to throw himself in front of someone else who was being tortured and see if Voldemort could stop the curse in time, or risk injuring himself if not. He had mellowed a little, with victory, though not by much. But he treated Harry well, and his friends were welcomed to visit, though Hermione’s Hogwarts attendance had been revoked and she was made attend the School for Muggleborns with all others of dirty blooded parentage, despite Harry’s pleas and protests. Harry had, after his graduation, taken up his seat in the Wizengamot, as Lord Potter and Black and as the consort of the Dark Lord. He found he rather liked politics, for all that he had hated it as a child, and when spoken rightly to, politicians regularly found themselves falling at Harry’s feet. He had a way with words when it came to them, and Voldemort was pleased enough by it to allow Harry to help draft new legislation. It became Harry’s job. He was the law, and Voldemort the judge and jury who adhered to it; and adhere he did, for Harry was the saner, calmer, of the two and if he didn’t like one of Voldemort’s plans he said so, and Voldemort revised and revised until his husband agreed as well. 
They were married for years, and though they were never in love, they were happy. Not everyone was as happy as they were though. In the fifteen years since the war had officially ended, rebellions had begun. They had been lost, and begun again and again. Muggleborns mostly, since the magical creatures were content enough under the new government and Purebloods and most half-bloods were well taken care of. But sometimes numbers were more important than the calibre of the soldier, and occasionally, the rebels got close enough to do real damage. 
The summer of 2012, the Dark Lord and his husband announced that they were expecting their first child. Sex was something that Voldemort could demand from his husband, and something that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Voldemort
Harry Potter/Lady Loki

freeform: 
post-Avengers Assemble
Mpreg
Pregnancy
Occasionally Female Loki
Because of Reasons
Rape Recovery
Asgardians - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Voldemort
Harry Potter/Lady Loki

