Work Text:

from this fossil of a heart
I hear a beating sound, my love
as they put you in the groundit's like one of us woke up, my love
The helicopter buzzed overhead like an overgrown wasp, slender and aggressive. Charles hunched his shoulders and tried to press himself down further into the ground. Intellectually, he knew it wouldn't make a difference, but he couldn't help but feel exposed. The soil felt damp beneath the layer of grass and fallen leaves, its chill seeping through his trousers. Back home, the early autumn lent a certain pleasant briskness to the air; it was much colder here, an ominous warning of the approaching Russian winter.
He adjusted the magnification of his binoculars, pushing aside his minor physical discomfort to focus on the mission at hand. The helicopter had landed. Beside him, Levene's mind buzzed with anxiety and adrenaline; Moira's thoughts were cooler, calmer, more focused. And Erik--
"There," Erik said. Savage triumph surged and crashed against Charles's mind like a tidal wave, leaving him momentarily breathless.
"Shaw," Moira confirmed unnecessarily, as the man himself stepped out of the helicopter. "All right, as we've discussed, the CIA can't invade the home of a senior Soviet official. So we'll have to lure him out to us. Charles, it's your call -- can you read him from here?"
"I believe so, yes." Even without Cerebro, Charles's telepathic range extended well beyond the scant distance between them and the Soviet compound, of course. But he felt no particular compunction to alert the CIA to that fact. The tricky part would be slipping into Shaw's mind without alerting his telepath of the intrusion -- the woman was there too, of course, hanging off Shaw's arm very prettily. From their previous encounter, Charles knew that her vapid smile concealed a scalpel-sharp intelligence; he would not be underestimating Ms. Frost anytime soon. If she caught scent of him sniffing about Shaw's mind...well, best not set off any alarms.
Erik only had eyes for Shaw at the moment, but the two CIA agents were watching Charles closely. So he made a show of pressing his fingertips to his temple, furrowing his brow in concentration. People felt far more comfortable with his powers when they could see him using them. He suppressed a private smile and turned his attention to Shaw.
The physical distance between them meant nothing; picking out Shaw's thoughts from the assortment of Soviet soldiers and staff was child's play. But there Charles hesitated, uncertain. Every mind had its own particular flavor -- individual, unique, like a fingerprint. And like fingerprints, most tended to blur together in Charles's mental sight, difficult to distinguish one from another at a distance. But Shaw's stood out at once: it felt as though it were surrounded by a forest of brambles, ancient and nearly impenetrable, thorns poised to draw blood should Charles be so foolish as to reach out and touch.
"Charles?"
He snapped out of his reverie to find Erik regarding him intently over Moira's head, his thoughts edged with impatience and something almost like concern.
"Sorry," Charles said. "Shaw's mind is a bit...prickly. Give me a moment."
Erik frowned, but Charles ignored him, closing his eyes to focus back on Shaw. No help for it, he decided, and plunged right in.
He had long practice in discretion -- it wouldn't be much use if any idiot could feel him rummaging about in their head -- but there was a world of difference between skimming across surface thoughts and unearthing hard-kept secrets. As with most people, the surface of Shaw's mind was occupied with the mundane: the wind biting his cheeks, his faint annoyance at the Soviet general's pomposity, the lingering stiffness in his legs after the cramped helicopter ride. Charles filtered through those thoughts in an eyeblink, venturing deeper. Shaw seemed to be primarily a visual thinker; images flickered through Charles's head: glimpses of previous meetings with Soviet officials, a mirrored chamber tinged in an eerie bluish glow, the pale expanse of Emma's naked body arching beneath his, Erik clutching his head in pain--
No, no, Charles couldn't afford to get distracted. Focus. He ruthlessly tamped down his own visceral reactions to Shaw's memories and pressed onward. The plan, what was Shaw's plan?
He pushed forward into Shaw's mind, and saw himself staring right back.
It startled him enough that he nearly recoiled. But no, there he was, the image taken from a grainy photograph from Oxford; except Shaw's imagination had placed him kneeling on a concrete floor, eyes wide and frightened, with Shaw himself pressing a gun lovingly against the back of his skull. The picture flickered and dissolved into a Russian hillside: Charles standing alone in a circle of dead American soldiers, his hands raised in surrender, the side of his face spackled with someone else's blood.
Hello, Charles, Shaw said pleasantly, and Charles snapped back into his own body so quickly it g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Captivity
Telepathy
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

