Work Text:
-Before Thor had found him, he lived in Paris, France – the capital of the world for sexual liberation. Or something of the sort, Loki never really paid attention – there were pickpocketing and extortion to be doing. Rather, the importance of this was that the environment had never made him question the dreams he had starting at the age of thirteen about sucking cock. Or riding cock. Or stroking cock.And then the owner of said cock he had seemingly worshipped for three nights a week in his head shows up, and Loki is a lost cause, really. Where else can he go from here? Apparently  somewhere for when he is gifted with memories, or at least partial ones, it turns out that blonde man with massive dick is actually his brother.And damn Loki if he is anything but a hormonal teenager with an obsession for the hopeless.So begins the slow, desperate, come-splattered and sweat-soaked seduction of one Loki Laufeyson for his older, wiser and totally future incestuous bedmate, Thor Odinson.-They’re sitting in a motel room – two beds, separated by a mahogany bedtable that has seen better days, and the ugliest lamp on top of it. Thor tells him to sit tight as he tries to organize transportation to Asgard, which, sure, totally cool, intergalactic alien travel, you get on that, brother.Meanwhile, as Thor goes downstairs into the lobby to make a phone call, Loki decides that if he’s going to get to that glorious cock he knows is on his brother, he has to be in close proximity. So, he begins by throwing down a bottle of coke he snatches from the vending machine around the corner, changing into some shorts and a t-shirt, and curling under the sheets of the bed.When Thor returns, he also changes into shorts and a t-shirt, taking the opposite bed, and, just as the caffeine buzz begins to waver in Loki, falls asleep. Loki gets up silently, plods over to the other bed, and slips under the covers, feeling the warmth emanating from his brother who lies on his back.Then, with an aching slowness, he lines his body up against Thor’s side, forehead pressed against the man’s bicep, his knees tucked in enough to knock against the curve of Thor’s waist. He feels so small next to Thor, his wrist a pale twig next to the muscle of his brother, and it makes his breath come hot and fast.He could break me, thinks Loki deliriously, and it makes him all the more eager to get to his brother. He shyly slides a leg up onto his brother, knee placed on top of Thor’s ribcage as Loki presses his hips against the curve of his brother’s waist. This isn’t somnophilia, is it? and the thought makes him pause.Lucky for him, or not so much, Thor cracks open an eye, the electric blue still stunning in the hazy gloom of the cheap room, and smiles.‘More comfortable in a bed with me, brother?’ he asks, his voice so low that Loki wouldn’t be surprised if Thor had a sub-woofer shoved into his giant chest cavity somewhere. With an arm slung over Thor’s torso, he can feel the rumbles of the man’s tones echo through his skin, and it makes his mouth go dry.‘Y-Yeah,’ stutters out Loki, hips shifting away in minute jerks so his rising cock doesn’t alert his brother about what he really wants in the bed. Thor laughs, making Loki shiver, and turns onto his side to face Loki, his hand coming up to cover the smaller one’s palm in a gentle hold as he closes his eyes.Loki squeezes his thighs together and tries to remember how to breathe as he feels the pressure of Thor’s hand on his own. Break me, break me, he wants to whine out, rut helplessly against Thor’s thigh, cock dripping warm come all over the tanned skin and then bending over to lick it off with those blue eyes watching.He doesn’t, thankfully, because somehow, he holds himself together. He can’t surprise Thor and throw him off. This is a seduction after all. So, Loki smiles and nods and closes his eyes to sleep, very, very conscious of Thor’s heat and body. It takes him an hour to fall to drop off, and it’s with the glorious thought of him being one step closer.-Loki has noticed important things about his brother over the last few weeks. Notably that the man has the stamina of some ridiculously over-powered animal and the body resembling a pile of bricks stacked on top of each other and made of pure testosterone.Loki is going to guess that’s an Aesir thing, because his own body is about as small as it gets. He’s lanky and awkward and tall, his body all sharp angles and white skin. But that’s okay, because if he can interpret his dreams right, Thor likes that about him. There are times where he has to stop and think why he can’t just wait till he’s full grown to ride Thor’s cock till kingdom come like he has in his past life, but he realizes it’s like asking if he would want his dessert now or in a decade. Obviously he wants it now.So, Loki goes forth with the next step, which is to sit on the obnoxious amount of furs in Thor’s room in Asgard and announce, quite forthright, ‘I’ve run out of shirts.’Thor pauses
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Dirty Talk
Size Kink
Masturbation
Shota
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

