Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony will insist later that it’s all the fault of a particularly tenacious doombot with a proclivity for pyrotechnics. The thing trails him the entire fight; the only reason he notices it at all is due to the yellow stripe on its belly, which none of the others have. He lets it live longer than he should because he admires its tenacity; the thing sticks to him like glue.
And then literally, it sticks to him like glue.
“Iron Man!”
“I’m fine. What is with this thing? It’s been stalking me the whole damn -”
Boom. Explosion. Normally, this wouldn’t be an issue; Tony’s armor had taken worse. The problem was, the way the thing situated itself meant that, when it exploded, a small piece of the outer casing pierced through an already weakened section of armor on the lower right side. 
Tony was just glad his mic fizzed out, keeping his screaming off the open comms.
“Tony!”
“Fine, featherbrain,” Tony said, voice thankfully even. “Keep your attention on the bots!” His armor, as a red costume, made it much harder to identify injuries than other colors did. They had the same problem with Spider-man and other red suits. Blood blended in. In this case, the puncturing item was small enough and deep enough that no one would notice. Except the person it was lodged inside of, that is. “Look out for any with yellow stripes on them, in case they explode too.”
“Sir, your vital signs -”
“Not now, J, we’ll skip debrief and deal with it then.”
The rest of the fight was a cinch, really.
“Anyone need medical attention?” Silence. Steve nodded. “Okay, back to the helicarrier for debrief -”
“No can do, Cap. Pep’s going to kill me for being late as it is, and if we want to keep getting money from SI, I need to show. I’ll submit my report later. Ciao!”
“STARK -”
“Mute ‘em, Jarvis. And please ask Pepper to cover for me if cap calls? She probably won’t, since I am in fact skipping her meeting too, but hey. Better they gang up on me for the same reason than two different ones at two different times.”
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis said, disapproval clear. “Perhaps you should seek medical attention?”
“Nah, just take me back to the shop. Auto. Have the kit ready.”
Jarvis’ silence made him wince, but he didn’t change his mind.
When Tony got out of the armor (in his shop, rather than on the balcony), Dummy caught him before he hit the ground. “Good boy,” he said. Dummy chirped and took him to the nearest workbench, where the first aid kit lay messily, already opened. “Blackout the lab, Jarvis.” The mirrored walls went dark, and he knew every entrance locked at the order.
Tony gritted his teeth, grabbing a leather work glove from the other side of the table. “First things first,” he said, and, shoving the glove into his teeth, picked up a set of tweezers.
It hurt. Tony knew it would, but he hadn’t expected the shard of metal to be quite so… stuck to his insides. Finally, after what felt like hours of stifled moaning and gentle tugging, a thin piece of metal with jagged edges sat on the table next to him.
“Sir!”
“‘m ‘kay, Jarvis,” Tony gasped, between quick breaths. He fumbled the tweezers onto the table and scrabbled for an unopened needle and medical thread. The stitching was almost a relief after pulling the sliver out. He snapped the thread off, setting the needle aside, and slid his fingers through the first aid kit until he encountered bandaging and gauze. He pressed the gauze tight against the wound, and used his teeth and his other hand to yank out a long strip of medical tape. Once the gauze was secured, he made another layer, and wrapped a few bandages around his waist, also secured with medical tape. 
“Good enough,” he said, and Dummy dragged him over to collapse on his couch. “Wake me up… three hours…” he mumbled. A quick nap, and he’d fix up the armor. Fix his mistake. He hadn’t been good enough, so he’d gotten injured… come to think of it, he needed to look at one of Clint’s arrow prototypes and Nat’s armor first. Wouldn’t do to have someone else getting hurt because of him.

He woke up only because Dummy incessantly prodded him with packaged oreos. He tried to shove it away. He needed to finish working on the armor first… finish making sure this wouldn’t happen again. Tony groaned. “J’vis, make him stop,” he said.
“I am afraid you need the sugar, sir. Massive blood loss, as you may recall. I also highly advise drinking water, so that you do not collapse over the armor before you can finish.”
Jarvis… had a point. Better to eat before he started, so he could last longer once he did. “You know me too well,” Tony grumbled, accepting the package of cookies and pulling the fresh seal tab open. “The others?”
“The other Avengers returned to the Tower 8.3 minutes ago, sir. All are unharmed, though Agent Barton appears to have burned off his eyebrows, somehow.”
Tony smirked. “Get pictures.” He bit into a cookie.
“Of course. You may also wish to know that Captain Rogers is demanding to see you, sir.”
“Of course he is. I sk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & JARVIS
Tony Stark & Thor
Thor & Jarvis
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Clint Barton
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Canon-Typical Violence
Tony Feels
Perfectionism
inappropriate medical procedures
really - Freeform
don't let dumb robots give you stitches
friends - Freeform
Team as Friends
Team as Family
Oh Tony
the Mission
skipping sleep
Best Friends
Puppy pile
formal reprimands
BAMF Coulson

fandom: 
Tony Stark & JARVIS
Tony Stark & Thor
Thor & Jarvis
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Clint Barton
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

