Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve watches Tony swan out of the meeting room, poking at a tablet with gloved hands. He's dressed in a custom-tailored suit that probably costs more than Steve can rationally think about – it would have to be custom; the jacket is far thicker than any other suit jacket Steve's ever seen, and he finds himself envious of how warm it looks even as he's irritated by that exact same fact. Tony is flaunting his wealth even as he shoves Steve's own weakness back in his face, and Steve wonders, for the umpteenth time, what the hell the other man's problem is. He'd been quick enough to accept and dismiss Steve's apologies after the invasion, even offering his own apology in turn for what he'd said while under the Sceptre's influence. Now Steve wonders if the sincerity Tony had shown then had really just been more sarcasm. Bruce catches his eye as they both stand, following in Tony's footsteps rather more slowly. "Sorry," he offers quietly. "I tried talking to him, but..." he shrugs, as if to say, You know how he is.Steve does, and he sighs. "It's fine. I need to talk to him myself."This has gone on long enough – ever since August gave way to September, and now it's nearly the end of October. If his teammates are feeling the need to intervene, then it's past time that Steve confront the situation. And frankly, trying to just ignore Tony's callous teasing, hoping that he'll get bored with it, is grating on Steve's nerves. Tony teases people, Steve knows that. But there're things you have to respect about other people, boundaries that you don't cross, and Steve's had it with Tony infringing on this one. -Before Steve can go looking for Tony, Tony comes to him. Steve's sitting on the couch, playing Tetris. It's not that he's putting off the ensuing confrontation, he's just... getting in the mind-set for it. As Bruce had explained when he'd introduced the game to Steve, being unable to win also meant you couldn't lose. You just did the best you could. It was sort of meditative, listening to the music and shutting out everything but falling blocks. "Hey, Capsicle," says Tony from behind him, breaking his concentration. Steve hits pause, barely refraining from grinding his teeth. That nick-name, too? How damn petty could the man get? "Really, Stark?" he asks, barely managing to keep his tone even. Tony's eyebrows shoot up. "Last names, huh? What's got your panties in a bunch now, Captain?" "I've had enough," Steve replies, putting the controller down so he can stand and face Tony fully. "You've succeeded, okay? You've gotten on my nerves. Really thoroughly. So just stop." Tony's expression is very strange for a moment, but then it clears as he slips on the cool, devil-may-care smile that he uses on the press. "Right. Well, extended exposure to my presence does have that effect, I know – too much concentrated awesome in a small space of time – but hey, you don't have to worry, I was actually coming to let you know that I'm heading back to Malibu for the next few months, so you'll be free and clear of me."Steve's thrown off-track. "You're heading back to Malibu?""Is there an echo in here? Yes, Malibu, land of warm winters and sunny skies," Tony says, a touch of impatience slipping out from behind his mask. "You think I want to stick around here while New York gets frozen in smog-colored sleet? This is why people have homes in California. Don't worry, the suit's top speed means I'll still be nearby if you need me – ""You just can't leave it alone, can you?" Steve interrupts him, cold and furious. He shifts his weight forward, blocked from actually taking a step – from getting in Stark's space, the same damn way Tony keeps getting in his – by the couch between them. Even so, Tony leans back slightly; Steve has a lot of inches on him. Good, he thinks viciously. The only times Tony seems to listen to him are when he gets right up in his face – why the hell does Stark have to be so damn difficult?"I lost my entire life to the ice," Steve spits, all the hurt of the past few weeks welling up in him and given words before he can pause to consider them. "And I'm sorry that your own is so pathetic that you feel the need to mock that. But if you need to go so far in taunting me about it that you'll up and move for a couple of months at a time, then maybe you should just stay away."Tony's expression is blank for a long moment, during which Steve dares to hope that he's made his point, even as he immediately begins to regret the harsh way he'd done it. He knows Tony has his – issues. He really should have addressed this earlier, before he got so wound up about it that he'd lashed out, but – well, Tony isn't the type to back down easily, and Bruce had said he'd already tried talking to Tony about it. Maybe this is the only way. If Tony's going to be cruel enough to taunt Steve about this, then he's going to have to put up with getting some back. "Right, Captain," Tony says brightly, as if the awkward pause had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
References to Torture
PTSD
Kink Meme
Not Actually Kinky
Steve hates the cold
Tony does too
Id!fic
References to child abuse (emotional)
Discussion of partner abuse (emotional and physical)
Nightmares
Misunderstanding
Past relationships only (present is entirely gen)

fandom: 
None
