Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time Bucky meets his new partner, he’s shackled to the wall of a filthy torture chamber. Located in one of the tunnels under Vatican City, it’s one of the many S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Holy Investigations Executions & Logistics Division) cells that house the “undesirables”, such as Bucky Barnes. As a succubus, he’s hard to torture- he can get off on pain, twist it into something new and oh-so-pleasurable. Drowning is out too- he doesn’t need air to live, just needs to feed.  So they stuck him in a room and threw away the key, leaving him to starve to death.  It’s a slow way to go. It’s been 15 days. Bucky should have known something was wrong when that gorgeous redhead fell into his lap.  Literally fell.  As in, she tripped and landed right on his crotch, sprawled and startled but inviting with her plush lips and smooth curves.  Bucky had thought she was easy prey, had smiled and charmingly offered to find her a more comfortable position.  She’d giggled and said she knew a place, then lured him into a dark alleyway where she’d promptly lifted her legs around his head and thrown him to the floor. She’d been quick, deadly, and expertly trained. Plus she had an archer with her, one that shot Bucky several times with some kind of venom-tipped arrows before he went down.  He’d woken up here, where he’d assumed S.H.I.E.L.D. sent all it’s nasty creatures to disappear. What a pity.  She’d been a real looker.  Still, there were worse ways to go than being tricked by a stunning woman. Such as starving.  Which he was currently doing.  Goddamit, he thought the 1500’s was going to be a great century. The cell door opens suddenly, and Bucky looks up in shock.  No one has come to see him, and he hasn’t heard one sound the entire time he’s been in confinement. The brief glance he’s given to the outside hallway explains why- there are more magic runes inscribed on the stone than Bucky’s ever seen in one place. His quickly forgets the stone hallway when a living Greek statue walks into the cell, carrying a torch and wearing a priest’s robe. Which has to be a joke, because there is no way a man with that bone structure has taken a vow of celibacy. He’s as big as a house, with broad shoulders and Bucky just knows that under that loose robe there is a tapered waist, muscled thighs and arms that could easily pick him up and fuck him against any vertical surface. Bucky’s seen a lot of naked bodies throughout his 100 year existence, but he knows without a doubt this man would be the most divine figure he’d ever worship. The man fixes his blue eyes upon Bucky’s face, and his expression is stern.  It makes Bucky want to beg, but he doesn’t know for what.  Forgiveness?  No, Bucky’s never asked for that.  What he wants from this man is much darker than absolution. “Well, our funny Valentine is still with us. What a relief, you lot are becoming harder and harder to find.  Gotta search under all sorts of dirty rocks.” Bucky scowls at that voice.  Bishop Nicholas Fury, the one-eyed man of God who’s leadership at S.H.I.E.L.D has succeeded in all but wiping out his kind. Not that Bucky minds, as it’s less competition for him.  But he does resent being hunted.  He’s a creature of luxury, and it’s difficult to enjoy one’s hard-fucked lifestyle when one is constantly on the run. “Nick, to what do I owe the pleasure? I’d offer you a drink, but the staff here is useless.” “Let me kill him, Director.”  Oh, his mystery priest speaks.  His voice is higher than Bucky anticipated, but the blonde is exuding the zeal of a man on God’s mission.  If he’s calling Fury “Director”, then he’s one of the infamous “Avengers”, a team of elite underworld assassins who hunt things like Bucky for the church.  Rumor has it that they have powers themselves, though whether or not those powers are from God is a matter of pure speculation. Eyeing the man up, Bucky can tell there’s something not quite wholly natural about him.  He holds himself like he’s not used to his body, and if Bucky were to guess the priest’s fighting style would be brutal, full of smashing fists and vicious kicks.  This edginess, not to mention the way the man holds himself like a soldier, has Bucky curious and standing at attention.  It could be the hunger talking, but Bucky has never wanted anyone more. It curls in his gut like a fire, and Bucky finds himself bearing his neck, sinking to his knees before the priest as far as his shackled wrists will allow.  He allows the chains to pull his shoulders back, making his collar bone stick out as an invitation. The priest doesn’t move, and Bucky smirks and asks, “There are other mercies you could show me, priest.” “Stop flirting with my top assassin, it’s not going to work.” Bucky frowns, because he has enough juice in him to have sent out a wave of pheromones that would have brought any human forward and into his clutches.  Normally he wouldn’t use his pheromones, as he considers it almost cheating. After all, he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Priest!Steve
incubus!bucky
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Power Bottom
Top Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Supernatural Elements
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Flirting
Boys Kissing
Boys In Love
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Porn
Angst and Fluff and Smut
True Love
Alternate Universe - Monster Hunters
Demons
Succubi & Incubi
Hydra (Marvel)
SHIELD
Vampires
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky & Steve kicking ass
Sexual Tension
Dom/sub Undertones
Sexual Content
Seduction
Super Hot Make Outs
LESBIANNNNNNSSSS
Spanking
Collars
Possessive Behavior
Sexual Choking (like a bit)
Bathtub Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Dom/sub
Teasing
Voyeurism
Sex Club
Possessive Steve
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

