Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“What do we have?” Steve asked as he entered the conference room. Wanda and Natasha were hunched over a tablet. Vision turned his attention at him. Sam acknowledged him with a nod.  “I can let you know.” Tony looked at those gathered around and stood up when he received their attention.  “What we have is our latest vigilante turning out to be a bad guy.” Tony said. On the center of the table was an image of Daredevil.“Why?” Natasha’s face was stone cold. It struck Steve that Bruce was out of the room. Something was liable to make him Hulk levels of angry. “Soldiers. More specifically child soldiers.” The image changed from Daredevil to several stills of him and children.  Steve felt his blood heat. Child soldiers. Jesus. “How many?”“Five. Or at least that’s how many we were able to find footage of. Three boys and two girls. Youngest looks like he’s nine. The oldest looks like she’s maybe fifteen. I think that’s pushing it.”“They’ve been observed in a little under a month. It took that long for witnesses to establish a pattern.” Natasha said. “They are definitely his work. The fighting style is the same. Their deference to him is clear. But he’s starting to lose control.” “How can you tell?” “Observe.” Tony said and played a video with no audio. A child, the oldest one it looked like, was fighting two criminals. Steve could see the same fighting style as Natasha had indicated. The girl took them down at the same time Daredevil took down three.  He turned around, what could be seen of his face clearly furious. He yelled at her, gesticulating wildly. The girl didn’t cower but she obeyed him as they left. “From my experience he’s either going to cull his ranks or start enforcing strict punishments. I wouldn’t be surprised if we don’t see this girl again if we don’t act quickly enough.” Natasha added. “We will need to save them.” Wanda added. “It is right. Help them heal and put this devil in a hell he will regret.”“How long do you predict it will take for him to act?” Sam asked. “What kind of timeline are we looking at?”“He’ll start with discipline first. Then he’ll kill them. I say less than two weeks.” Natasha replied. Vision shook his head and added. “Daredevil is said to like children.”“He was probably looking to see which would make the best soldiers instead of actually being a decent human.” Tony said. “Then let’s get to it. We’ll need to see where he can be hiding the children.”“Where do we start?”“That firm he worked with. Nelson and Murdock, was it?” Wanda said. “They must know something.”“Then let’s get to it.” Steve glanced at the masked red cowl and glowered.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Child Soldiers
Misunderstandings
Stick is a dick

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

