Work Text:


 Download this story as a podfic in multiple formats:

ZIPPED FOLDER OF MP3s

PODBOOK (M4B) or
click here for mobile streaming of Part One (01:01:41)

click here for mobile streaming of Part Two (00:54:38)

click here for mobile streaming of Part Three (01:03:08)

click here for mobile streaming of Part Four (01:00:01)

click here for mobile streaming of Part Five (01:05:58)

click here for mobile streaming of Part Six (00:49:38)
 +Sometimes, Manhattan chokes Toni.All the sleek lines, all the glass and steel and sharply cut people make her want to heave, to maybe hide away in her bed and cry a little because she’s a futurist, but she’s also a girl somewhere underneath, and sometimes a girl needs clutter and old things and… pretty things, okay?So here she is, far, far from Manhattan’s future-today life, strolling down a random street in New York, bags in each hand, window shopping for things she doesn’t need.She’s already bought a bunch of thirty dollar jeans to ruin in the workshop without making Pepper cringe, and a pair of candle holders that her interior designer will probably use to try and kill herself with because they are kitschy and bulky and cheap and they don’t fit in Stark Tower at all.And now she’s going to have ice-cream. And no-one is going to take pictures of her doing it and no villain is going to try and set the world on fire and no stock crash will call her away. She’s wearing bug-eye shades, her hair is in a loose bun and there isn’t a speck of make-up on her face. The arc reactor is carefully taped up under her clothes and she’s wearing jeans and flip flops and a t-shirt. It’s as undercover as she ever gets.But really, if the trick of getting places you’re not supposed to go is looking like you belong, then the trick of disappearing is going places you’re not supposed to be. No-one expects Antonia Stark to be shopping in five-dollar flip flops, so that’s exactly what she’s doing.Someone (Steve, probably) is going to give her hell about the security risk later, but she turned thirty-eight without him to hover over her and she’s got her brain and a tweaked taser in her purse. What else does she need?Nothing, that’s what.Ever since the space invasion six months ago, she’s had work shoved down her throat at all hours. SHIELD wants better tech, the Avengers want new toys, the world wants Iron Woman and her investors wants Toni Fucking Stark. She’s been running herself ragged and, despite what nasty people (cough, Pepper, cough) claim, she does possess enough self-awareness to know it.She just usually ignores that knowledge in favor of building things that will shut all her critics up in sheer, dumbstruck awe.She’s gotten better about that, lately, though. It’s the whole stable-ish thing she’s got going. The new and improved Toni Stark. Less promiscuous and self-destructive, just as brilliant, just as mouthy and a lot less drugged up.And not dying. That definitely makes the list.But, good girl or not, sleep is still not her favorite past time, so here she is, on a Tuesday afternoon, reviving a little tradition she hasn’t indulged in in years.Shopping. Like a semi-regular, thirty-something woman who isn’t a superhero in her spare time. And her work time. And any time that’s not covered by spare time and work time. She might need a vacation, actually.A display catches her attention just then, stuffed to the ceiling with lovely, sugary, pastel-y cupcakes with all sorts of girly decorations. Butterflies. Flowers. Hearts. They’re pink and yellow and green and baby blue and there’s glitter on some. They’re utterly ridiculous.Obviously, Toni wants one.She turns fully to take in the display of sugar-coma-inducing goodness when something in the glass flashes bright green.And maybe it’s ridiculous, but six months with Bruce Banner’s anger management issues have conditioned all of the Avengers to react to green like a bull does to red, so Toni whirls around, muscles tensing and…Wow.There’s a woman standing in front of the display window across the street. It’s full of stuffed toys and cute little onesies and babyhats and other fuzzy, adorable things Toni will never need. But that’s not the interesting part, nosir.That’d be the woman.She’s tall. Ridiculously tall, especially with the addition of five inch heels that would make Pepper weep with envy. Black hair cascades down her back in perfect curls, the way it never, ever does in real life. Toni knows. Many a stylist has tried to achieve a similar effect with her rat’s nest of hair. None have succeeded. The green she saw is the woman’s dress, a short, flowing thing with three-quarter sleeves and an empire waist, flaring out elegantly. It stops about half an inch below the woman’s admittedly absolutely, annoyingly, obscenely perfect ass, teasing with the promise of the next gust of wind and –It’s probably taped down. At least, it would be if Toni were the one wearing it. You do not wear dresses that scandalous without a bit of good old tape to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Science
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers unrequited

freeform: 
Podfic & Podficced Works
Podfic
Podfic Length: 5-6 Hours
Community: pod-together
Genderswap
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Genderbending
Shapeshifting
Alternate Universe - Always the Opposite Sex
TONI STARK HAS ALL THE ISSUES
LOKI LAUFEYSON HAS LOTS OF ISSUES
Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
Hormones
Girl!Toni
girl!Loki
Canon Genderswap
Post Movie
PTSD
Norse Mythology happens
Humor
Alcohol Abuse
Discussions of Torture/Rape
Thor being a Dork
Howard and Odin's A+ Parenting
Movie References Abound
Female Tony Stark
Audio Format: MP3
Audio Format: Streaming
Audio Format: M4B

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Science
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers unrequited

