Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue – Late 2014
Steve was fully aware that the emergency call out to Dr. Jane Foster’s lab hadn’t been meant for him personally.  But, he happened to be in London with Sam, following a lead on Bucky, and they’d picked it up on the emergency services scanner.  Thor had been in touch often since the business in London the previous autumn, so Steve had recognized the address when he heard it come through late that night. 
He went out to the scene, since he was awake and in the area, he figured that he could at least lend a hand. 
Whatever had happened, the end result was a fire of epic proportions consuming the building, and as he arrived, he could hear a woman’s voice screaming for someone to ‘Get the hell back in there and get her out!’  
The source, when he found her, was a tiny brunette woman that Thor was physically restraining from coming to blows with a firefighter, whom he was also arguing forcefully with. 
“Sir, we’ve swept the building and found no other persons present…”
“She was upstairs!  You have to go back in and check the back rooms upstairs!” 
“The structural integrity of the building…”  The woman gave an anguished howl and leapt at the man, only Thor’s arm around her waist stopped her from actually making contact. 
“I’ll go.  I just need to know who I’m looking for.”  Steve offered, cutting off anything else that might have been said.  Thor recognized him immediately and offered him a grim greeting.   The woman, he assumed that she was Dr. Foster, sagged in Thor’s grip and Steve could see that she’d been injured, one of her arms was hanging uselessly at her side, dislocated at the shoulder.  She didn’t seem to care.   
“Her name is Darcy.  Please, you have to get her out!”
Steve frowned, shaking his head before he waved away the firefighter’s protests and launched himself, shield and all, into the burning building.
Flames licked at his clothes as he forced his way through the heat and smoke up the stairs, calling out the girl’s name as he went.  For a few moments, all he heard was the roaring fire and the ominous cracking of the building’s foundations, but then he heard a sputtered cough from inside one of the rooms at the end of the hall.
When he forced his way in that direction, he found a crumpled form in front of an open door, all dark hair and clothes and not much else.  Assuming that this was the missing Darcy, he scooped her up and made for the nearest window, crashing through it to the outside, the girl only upsetting his balance slightly when he landed on the ground. 
The shouting of the firefighters let him know that he’d been seen, and there was a roar as the building collapsed behind him, he had at least managed to put enough distance between them and the building to avoid getting hit by falling debris. 
He heard Dr. Foster’s shout of relief as he laid her friend out on the ground, and that was when he got a look at the girl’s face.
Steve blinked the smoke out of his eyes, letting the shield fall from suddenly limp fingers.  It wasn’t possible.  But, Norse gods and aliens were realities…so then what wasn’t possible?  But it couldn’t be her, it had to be a weird coincidence, a family member who took after her.  There had to be a reasonable explanation.   
Her breath hitched and her eyes opened, and eyes that Steve remembered far too clearly stared up at him blankly.  Belatedly, he remembered that the woman he knew hadn’t any family left when he knew her.  She coughed and then focused on his face, her own reflecting the same shock that he was feeling.  She blinked rapidly.  
“Hello handsome…”  She muttered hoarsely.  Out of the corner of his eye he could see Thor and Dr. Foster making their way towards them.
“Darcy? But, how?” 
She shook her head, and made to speak, but a coughing fit overtook her and then she lost consciousness once more.
Steve could only stare at her as Thor and Dr. Foster came up beside him, both talking at once, but he barely heard what they were saying, his brain was still trying to process what was happening right in front of him.    
Darcy Lewis died in 1944, before he lost Bucky, before he crashed into the Atlantic to save New York City. 
Darcy Lewis was lying in his arms, alive and breathing in 2014. 
This was impossible.  Wasn’t it?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Wartime Fic
Time Travel
darcy travels through time has become a popular thing
Darcy is an ATA pilot
And is so awesome
Peggy Carter recruits her
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
BAMF Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

