Chapter 1: The Email
    




Chapter Text
You glanced at the lengthy letter you penned to Captain America. You weren’t sure what really compelled you to look up the mailing address for fan mail, or to waste half a notebook’s worth of paper to get to your final draft. Before you could change your mind, you folded it neatly, placed it in the already addressed envelope and sealed it.You doubted your words would ever reach Captain America directly, which is part of why you included your email address. You said that since no one would probably actually read this, that you’d love to meet Captain America over coffee or take a walk in Central Park, out of uniform of course.You actually wanted to do more than that. What woman wouldn’t melt over that smile, that body, the whole saving the world on at least a biweekly basis thing?You didn’t want to make some poor guy need brain bleach whose job was to send out “autographed” picture responses to fan mail, though, so you kept it G-rated.A few weeks passed, and you kept busy as usual. You’d nearly forgotten about the letter you mailed to Captain America, but an email with the subject “Thank you for your kind words” from sender Steve Rogers caught your eye. You opened it.
Thank you for your kind words, ma’am. I do read and reply to all of my fan mail. I would like to meet you for coffee and a walk in Central Park, if you’re still interested. Let me know.
Regards,
Steve Rogers
You weren’t sure at first if it was for real. Maybe someone intercepted the letter and was messing with you. The worst that could happen is getting stood up, though, and it’s not like that hadn’t happened before. You bit your lower lip absentmindedly at the best that could happen. That was about as likely as pigs sprouting wings and flying around downtown New York, though.You thought you might break the backspace key on your keyboard while you tried to type up your reply.
Dear Steve,
I’d still love to meet you for coffee and a walk in Central Park. Your schedule is probably busier than mine so you can pick the time and date. My phone number is (555) 555-5555 if you want to give me call and set something up.
I look forward to hearing from you again.
You glanced at the time. It had been almost an hour, and you probably should have left 15 minutes ago. Before you made yourself late(r), you hit the Send button.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Loss of Virginity
Casual Sex
Reader Insert
POV Second Person
Female Reader

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

