Chapter 1: Stars and Stripes
    




Chapter Text
You wouldn't admit to anyone you knew, but you were skimming the local personals ads online that summer evening. It wasn't somewhere you thought you'd find the love of your life, not that you were looking for the love of your life particularly hard. Maybe someday, but not someday soon.
One ad caught your attention, though. It wasn't a combination you'd seen before.
 

WBiMC seeks SF for discreet encounter

 
The ad piqued your curiosity. You really wondered what the couple was looking for in regards to the encounter. Your mind wandered to watching two attractive men kissing and touching each other desperately, and then lavishing that same attention on you. It sounded like it could be interesting to say the least.
You clicked the reply button and began to type:
 

I've never been with a couple before, but I'm curious what you guys are looking for in your encounter. If we're on the same page, I think it could be a lot of fun.

 
You received a reply 15 minutes later.
 

My boyfriend hasn't been with a woman before and wants to try it. His birthday is tomorrow, and I'm giving him that as one of his presents because I'm a good boyfriend. Hell, I'm the best boyfriend ever.


Do you have any pics? ;)

 
Deflowering a sort of virgin? It wasn't what you were expecting to hear back. You were more intrigued.
You attached a few pictures that weren't too revealing to your message and responded:
 

What are you going to do – cover the woman with a few strategically placed bows, lol? Are you going to be involved in the encounter, too, or is this just with him?


I hope you like the pics. Do you have any? :)

 

You're cute. Not showing enough skin for my taste, though. ;)


Actually, bows aren't a bad idea. Not bad at all.


Yeah, I figured we'd share the woman. Tag team her, maybe some DP if she's up for that. I don't know if he'd have a clue what to do if I just shoved a woman in his direction anyway. Probably not honestly.


I don't have any pics, but I assure you that you wouldn't be disappointed by either one of us. ;)

 
You admittedly hadn't done that before – any of it really. It wasn't something you were necessarily opposed to, especially if the couple was willing to put on a bit of a show for you in return for your “services.” Biting your lip and contemplating whether you should push forward with this if there weren't even any pictures, you typed your reply:
 

Thanks. I'm glad you like the pics. :)


I'm interested if you are. What time did you want to do this?

 

Tomorrow evening.


If you're free, I need your measurements for some lingerie and shoe size and your address so I can pick you up.

 
It was a holiday so everywhere would be closed anyway, and you had no plans. Fireworks in the bedroom sounded like more fun than watching them outdoors in the summer heat anyway. You replied with your address and measurements, wondering where he was going to get lingerie on a holiday. You added your cell phone number in case he needed to call.
You waited for a reply before heading to bed. It came quickly:
 

Lingerie should be there by tomorrow afternoon. Put it on and be ready to leave by 6.

 
You responded:
 

Will do. This is one of the craziest things I've ever done before, btw. Please don't be a serial killer lol. I'm heading to bed now. Let me know if anything changes.

 
You woke up to sunlight in your bedroom and your doorbell ringing. It was 10:30.
You rushed to answer it in your pajamas, almost tripping a few times in your groggy state.
A courier handed you a package. It was definitely larger and heavier than a box of lingerie and shoes should be. You signed for it and shut the door, eager to open it and see what it contained.
The package contained an outfit and a black box. The lingerie was stars, stripes and all things patriotic. It made sense since it was July 4 after all. The skirt and blouse were navy and white. They were modest enough, but still sexy. They weren't something you'd never consider wearing again. At least you didn't have to parade around dressed like a stripper. The shoes were red stilettos – expensive ones, too. You wondered if they'd let you keep the shoes.
The black box was next. A note was taped to the top reading: “You'll need this. Trust me. Put it in before you leave.” It contained a smooth, tapered black plug and a bottle of lubricant. The plug wasn't particularly small. You suddenly felt nervous about the planned meeting. Weighing the doubt in your stomach with the growing warmth between your legs, you decided you would still go through with it.
You left the contents of the package on your dresser and went to check your email. You had no new messages from the man. You typed one up quickly.
 

I got the package. You have good taste in clothes, but I'm not sure about your taste in little black boxes. It's kind of intimidating. Should I be scared?

 

Of course I have good taste in clothes. You shouldn't doubt the fashion sense of a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader

freeform: 
Casual Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
POV Second Person
Sex Toys
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
Reader Insert

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Reader
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader

