Work Text:
"Welcome back, Sir," Jarvis says, voice dry and unaffected as always. Tony just about wants to cry. He doesn't even manage to reply "good to be back"; he just wordlessly walks over to the sofa and sinks down into it carefully – dropping down dramatically like he feels like would hurt more than it would feel good.Everything feels normal. He isn't surprised at the sofa's softness, the house doesn't smell odd, he doesn't suddenly realize that when he imagined his home back there that he forgot something or got details wrong.It's strange, he expected there to be more of a dichotomy, but everything is just… normal. It's almost cruel in the face of the fact that Tony is anything but."Sir," Jarvis says hesitantly, pulling Tony out of his thoughts. "Mr. Laufeyson resides in the bedroom."That distracts Tony instantly from any and all maudlin pondering. "What?" He stands up and takes several steps towards the stairs before halting, hands balled into fists."You never revoked his access rights to any of your residences," Jarvis points out, and Tony knows that but he's almost forgotten. He hasn't properly seen Loki in two years.He turns around and walks to the window, stares out into the endless expands of the ocean. "Did Pepper send him here?" It's the only possibility Tony can think of, though he has no idea why she would. He certainly didn't have the chance yet to drunkenly ramble at her how all he could think of in Afghanistan – when he wasn't thinking about what he was going to do to his capturers, that is – was Loki. That's not because of any restraint on his part; he simply didn't have the opportunity yet. He just got back today, had his press conference and then went to stare thoughtfully at the big arc reactor at the plant. At that point (and mostly due to his stunt at the press conference) Pepper had found more urgent things to do, and Tony had decided to go home.Well, as much as this is home, anyway. One of the things Tony had realized in that cave is that he doesn't really have a home anymore, not in any way that matters. Not in two years."Not that I'm aware of," Jarvis answers his question, sounding bewildered. He's right too; why would she? She's never liked Loki and more than once over the years tried to get Tony to see her point of view: that Loki was a bad influence. Truth of the matter is, though, that one had been as bad as the other and that Tony hadn't done any better without Loki during any of their many break-ups; rather the opposite, really. As a result, he reckons the last two years – their longest separation by far since their first meeting when they were both in their early twenties – must have proven her wrong by now. "Mr. Laufeyson has been here regularly since your kidnapping became public knowledge."Tony keeps very, very still and tells himself very, very firmly to get a grip. This probably doesn't mean what he wants it to mean. "How regularly?"Thing is, Loki had left. With good reason too, and he hadn't come back, despite the fact that this house is as much Loki's as it's Tony's. They had planned the Malibu residence together; Loki had loved the view and Tony the location, high above all else, comparably remote and luxurious. They'd designed it together, from architecture to interior design, and Tony had gotten the stupid waterwall he'd always wanted for some reason. It's gurgling away happily right now. This house is very them and Tony had called it home from the moment they moved in seven years ago, but it stopped being that when Loki moved out, even if he stubbornly refused to acknowledge that until recently."Almost daily, Sir," Jarvis tells him.Tony bites his lower lip and tries really hard not to ask, but most of his willpower has been leeched out. He's tired, and it's ridiculous to keep on pretending that their break-up was exactly what Tony wanted, that he's better off, that he doesn't need and miss Loki at all. Ridiculous and futile when he knows so very well that it's not true."What has he been doing?""Sleeping," Loki says from behind him. "I come here to sleep."Very slowly, mostly because if he doesn't show some restraint now things are going to take a turn for the painful (or more of one, really), Tony turns around.Loki looks horrible. He's pale and sallow, eyes reddened and hair a mess. He's wearing one of Tony's hoodies, Tony notes, and his wrists look too thin where they poke out of the too-short sleeves.This is the moment where Tony is supposed to reply, something sassy or something to let Loki know that it's okay, even just a greeting if that's all he can manage, but all he can do is stare, drink in the sight of the most important person in his life – there's no point in trying to deny it. Everybody's always known it's true.And it appears Loki is returning the favor; he stares at Tony, eyes flickering over his body; the brown dress shirt with the top button undone, the blue sling his right arm is in, the cuts and bruises on his face. Tony knows how he looks, hair
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Breaking Up & Making Up

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

