Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
She stood to attention. Back straight, chin up, eyes forward.Drip, drip, drip, from a gash in her arm and trickling down her wrist, the back of her hand and the knife she was still gripping tight; thick red fluid pooled on the cement floor beneath her but she stayed as she was. Back straight, chin up, eyes forward.One of her handlers, name not important, surveyed her handiwork, and a swift nod was all the dismissal she was going to get; she snapped her heels, one-hand salute smearing her forehead crimson. But that was par for the course, and she knew that no reprimand would be given.She turned and walked out of the room, falling easily into the casual step of the unaffected. She did not bother to glance back at the body; she did not need to, never needed to. Her job here was finished.All her life she had moved from one target to the next, on and on and on, back straight, chin up, eyes forward. She'd moved swiftly and fluidly, dropping body after body, hands stained crimson at the end of every mission but always pure and clean by the time a new day dawned.She never asked questions. She'd never learned how.She'd watched, from afar, as people around her laughed and cried; as they displayed anger and heartache and fear and joy, emotions beyond her comprehension. Nearing adulthood now, she knew how and why people behaved the way they did, but none of it meant anything to her. She understood human emotion only as a means of anticipating her targets' moves.The perfect soldier, they sometimes called her, when she had been particularly efficient. But the sentiment meant nothing to her. She only ever did as she was told.“Your next mission is ready,” they informed her, once she was back inside the compound, having gone straight to the briefing room as she always did, before even washing the blood off her hands. The wound on her arm had long since stopped bleeding.One of the men in her unit stepped forward and produced a pile of still photos, laying them before her one by one, and she let her eyes slowly trace each face, feeling a spark of recognition every time. The millionaire, the shadow, the spider, the shield...She looked up at one of the men, whichever one was nearest to her, allowing the vaguest hint of confusion to show on her face.Her handlers had tasked her with killing the Avengers.It was a suicide mission. This, in itself, did not bother her – nothing bothered her – but she needed to make sure that this was the outcome her handlers intended.The man gazed back at her blankly, his face a mask, but she had learned to look through masks long ago. And she knew, just from looking at his face, that she didn't have to voice her question and risk a reprimand for insubordination. She cast her eyes down to survey the pictures once more.She knew, like she knew most things, that Hydra was falling apart. They were losing assets and allies. Their control of SHIELD was slipping.This truly was not a mission they expected her to return from. Best case scenario, she calculated, she would take out three or four of their enemies before she was neutralised herself. But at this point, three dead Avengers was a reasonable trade for Hydra's perfect soldier. Hydra was adapting to a new reality, the reality that Natasha Romanoff had created when she'd exposed them to the world. And it was willing to bury its past to secure its future legacy.She was part of Hydra's past. She needed to be buried.She nodded once, to indicate that she understood the full implications of what was to be her final mission.“Watch out for that one,” one of the men told her, stepping forward and placing one outstretched finger on the very edge of Captain America's photograph, as though even touching his likeness repulsed him. “He'll be able to predict your moves.”She nodded again. She knew he would, as she knew most things.Steven Grant Rogers, she silently recited as her eyes lingered on the stoic, proud face of America's iconic hero. A series of images she'd been made to memorise materialised in front of her mind's eye, a life in still pictures. A wealth of facts, some useful, most not. She knew who he was. She knew what he was. It meant nothing; he was her mission.“Do you accept your mission?” a third man spoke, stepping out of the shadows. This was part of the protocol: she must acknowledge she had fully understood and committed to her task. It was a formality (she could not actually refuse an order), but necessary before she could proceed.She opened her mouth to respond. And that was when the first bomb fell.≈She could smell the blood and guts long before she dropped down into the barracks.Everyone at her briefing had died instantly. She had not, of course. It took more than a bomb to kill her.The barracks was one of the few spots that had not been wrecked apart by explosives, but clearly, SHIELD – because that was who must be behind this attack – had already come through here, as evidenced by the bloody and broken 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Male Slash
Slash
Unrequited Love
First Time
First Kiss
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Parenthood
Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

