Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

 Lokison 

 A Harry Potter/MCU/Percy Jackson crossover

 By Sif Shadowheart 

Disclaimer:  The characters and stories of Harry Potter, the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and the Percy Jackson series are all the property of their respective owners.  No profit or infringement is intended by this work of fanfiction.
Prologue: A Deathly Intervention 
Thanatos, the Greek God of Death and Patron God of the Ignotus Peverell Wizarding lineage, allowed a small grimace to cross his normally implacable face.  This was his night of all nights, All Hallows Eve, when his powers reached their greatest point of the year upon mortal Earth.  And that thrice-damned Riddle was ruining it!
One night.
That's not a lot to ask for and most of the pantheons, hells, even the Elder Gods agreed!
One night out of the year when the various gods and avatars of Death herself can enjoy some peace.
The rest of the time they are among the busiest but correspondingly the most powerful of gods and divine beings, Thanatos's blatant patronage of the Ignotus Peverell line and not being quickly subject to smiting by one of the Elders proved that rather well in the Greek's opinion.  One simply did not fuck around with Death's chosen few for as She has proven time and again She can and will come for anyone, even a god.  More a primordial force than an actual divine being, Death and Her sisters Chaos, Magic, and Her twin Life, are forces that few dare to ever take on.
Unfortunately one of the Fates from one of the many pantheons, and Thanatos had suspicions but no proof over which Fate from which pantheon, had taken it in her head to play with the last of the Peverells, utilizing prophecy and a tool in the form of a meddling old manipulator to wind up the last of the Cadmus Peverell line who also happened to be Slytherin's-bloody-heir and unleash him on the last of the Ignotus Peverell line.  Thanatos's favored line.  The last remaining offspring of one of the few mortals Thanatos ever named as friend.
It would not do.
Fortunately, Thanatos knew something that lone irritating bint of a Fate did not know.
For all that Harry James Potter, Heir of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter, youngest and now last of the Peverells, had just watched/listened as both James and Lily Potter were both ruthlessly murdered, he was, by no means, an orphan.
Harry Potter had a secret.  Or more appropriately James and Lily Potter had a secret that would set young Harry on a very different path than the one Fate and Dumbledore had designed for him.  After all, being raised ignorant and in the hands of muggles wouldn't do when one is the son of a god.  Especially if that god is one firmly outside of the control of the Fate that decided to toy with the life of a demigod and eventual Heir of multiple thrones...
... 
It took swift action.  Not difficult when one can sift through space and time but not particularly easy either when one isn't used to utilizing his powers in such a way.  A god of Death never has to worry particularly much about things like stealth and being discovered.  Death is.  There's no real point in being subtle about it or worrying about hiding a magical signature or concealing his power from the Mage sight some Wizards have.
Death is.
Thanatos on the other hand, needed at this moment to completely squash any notions of meddling or interference from the Wizarding world.  Including Fate's pet Dumbledore.  Thanatos had Looked, had Seen what would come of allowing events to play out and they simply would not do.  Not as far as either he or Harry's true born father were concerned that is.  Thanatos and Harry's father both had soft spots for James Potter, each for very different reasons and had assisted him in his quest for an Heir.  In many ways, Harry was as thrice-blessed as Riddle was thrice-damned.  Between his godly father, his adoptive father James - all nice and tidy for the goblins and Wizardkind in-case anyone ever discovered who actually fathered Harry - and the blessing of Thanatos, Harry was indeed blessed.  And powerful with it.
Nothing good would come of the child being raised according to Dumbledore's mechanations.
But Thanatos had an alternative.
One that Harry's father had approved and that would've garnered the approval of Lily and James if they ever had any inkling events would devolve to this state of things.
First things first.  The Trace.  Thanatos noticed that piece of magical idiocy already in place on Harry.  One wave of his incorporeal hand and the device tuned to the toddler was disabled.  He would remove it completely but that might cause his soon-to-be-ward trouble down the road.  A quick flex of his Will and a Writ of Guardianship was made according to the slightly altered Wills of the Potters Thanatos placed on file.
Guardians of Record:
Thanatos Domini Grimm - his current muggle alias - and one Chiron Trainter.
Another moment and the Writ and Wills were magically sealed, beyond even th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Original Female Character(s)
Harry Potter/Original Male Character(s)
Luke Castellan/Harry Potter
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Viktor Krum/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Zeus
Harry Potter/Zeus/Ganymede
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Thanatos (Percy Jackson)

freeform: 
Slash
Pre-Slash
Het and Slash
Non-Canon Relationship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Needs a Hug
Powerful Harry
Harry-centric
Smart Harry
Pre-Thor (2011)
Odin's A+ Parenting
Asgardian Magic
Good Laufey (Marvel)
Panromantic Harry Potter
Split between PJ and HP events

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Original Female Character(s)
Harry Potter/Original Male Character(s)
Luke Castellan/Harry Potter
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Viktor Krum/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Zeus
Harry Potter/Zeus/Ganymede
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Thanatos (Percy Jackson)

