Work Text:
It felt like a hundred jack hammers were pounding into Bucky’s skull. He knew he should get up and fetch himself some aspirin and water, but his limbs felt too heavy for him to move. He sucked in a sharp breath and let his sense of touch dominate his other senses.He detected a large warm body next to him. Muscles covered every inch of the body, but there was still a softness to it, like a large cat’s but without the fur. Bucky would recognize that body anywhere: Steve.Bucky forced himself to roll over and nuzzled his nose in the crook of Steve’s shoulder. “Steve,” his voice came out a whispery moan. “Get me some aspirin or Advil.”Steve groaned and tried to shrug Bucky off of him.Bucky wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist, refusing to let his boyfriend ignore his plight. “Too much to drink last night.”“Me too,” Steve grumbled, twisting his head so his lips brushed Bucky’s forehead.Bucky smiled, a contented warmth spreading through him at the simple gesture of affection.His happiness was cut short by the sound of a glass being set on the nightstand.Bucky’s eyes flew open and he shot up, ignoring his headache.An older man in his thirties was standing over Bucky with a bottle of aspirin in one hand, and the fingers of his other hand still gripping the rim of the cup he’d set down on the nightstand. Amber eyes blinked at Bucky in mild surprise. The man’s lips curved into a teasing smirk.“I hope I'm not interrupting anything,” the man said.Suddenly Steve was sitting up right next Bucky, muscles tense and ready spring at a moment’s notice.The man held up his hands in placation. “Calm down, soldier boy. I was just dropping off some pills and water for your hangovers, and then I was going to run off to my lab and let my PA escort you two out once she arrived.”While the man—Tony Stark, Bucky’s brain supplied, because of course Bucky and Steve had somehow ended up with the CEO of Stark Industries—talked, Bucky did a quick recon of their location and noticed immediately that Steve and him were not at their apartment. The lavish and hi-tech furnishings also suggested that they were not in a hotel, at least not any hotel that Bucky knew of.“How did we…” Steve started but cut himself off. His brow furrowed as he tried to figure out what exactly he wanted to ask.Tony shrugged and waved off the question. “My memory is pretty hazy, but it’s not hard to guess what happened.”Bucky’s eyes widened and Steve flushed. Bucky looked at Steve, studying the hickies that littered his body, creating a path down his neck to his belly button. There was also one hidden behind his right ear and more marks along the spine of his back. Bucky studied the marks to see if he could distinguish if any of them belonged to Tony or not.Steve eyed Bucky in return. Bucky followed Steve’s gaze and saw that he was covered just like Steve. Out of curiosity, Bucky lifted up the sheet to see that his legs were decorated in bruises too, and there was a dried stain between his legs.“All three of us?” Steve asked, shyness and embarrassment tinting his voice.As Tony nodded, Bucky scooted closer to Steve, and that’s when he saw it. On his hip was tattooed heart with Steve and Tony’s names inside it.“Shit,” Bucky cursed.Steve straightened and his expression smoothed out into the one he’d used when they were in the army and he was concerned about fellow soldier but had to keep his composure. He leaned over, and that’s when Bucky saw Steve had the same cheap and unimaginative tattoo on his hip too.“Aw, crap, you too.”Steve blinked and looked down at himself.Tony leaned in to get a look. Normally Bucky would have shouted at Tony to back off, but he could detect only innocent curiosity from the man.When Steve still didn’t notice the new addition to his body, Bucky pointed it out.Steve grimaced. “Please tell me that’s just marker.”Tony whistled in admiration and surprise. “Wow. Definitely do not remember that.” He twisted and tugged on the waistband of his sweatpants. He peered down at his leg and frowned. “Mine says ‘Stucky.’”Bucky groaned, burying his face in his palm. “I really hope you like pasta, Steve, because I think that’s all we’re having for the next six months.” It would probably be longer, knowing his and Steve’s luck.“Don’t get your panties in a twist.” Tony pulled a phone out of his pocket. “I’ll take care of it.” He winked at Bucky and Steve as he pressed a button on his phone and brought it to his ear. “Never let it be said that I am not excellent at providing after care.”Someone must have picked up on the other end of the line, because suddenly Tony’s attention was diverted from Bucky and Steve. He spewed out a river of inquiries and demands into the phone as he strolled out of the room, not paying Steve and Bucky any mind.Two hours later Bucky was lying on a doctor’s table with his pants off and only a T-shirt and a sheet to cover himself. He tapped his fingers impatiently as the doctor studied his tattoo.He already had a good idea of what t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Established - James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Drunken Sex (mentioned)
Lonely Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes-centric
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tiberius is an Ass
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Getting Together
Slow Build
OT3
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Attempted Sexual Assault

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Established - James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

