Work Text:
Peter’s sleep was plagued by fever dreams of swirling, coloured smoke, and screaming pedestrians. At night, Peter thrashed, sweat soaking through his thin hospital sheets, and dreamt of hands all over him, pulling at his mask, touching his burning skin. 
He jolted awake late into the night, sweaty and confused, at the sound of a nearby noise. One of the younger nurses was checking over the machines by Peter’s bed. The nurses had been a constant stream in and out of his hospital room since Peter was first brought in less than a week ago. Peter instantly relaxed, muscles going lax and unconcerned at the familiar sight.

“Sorry,” the nurse whispered. “I didn’t mean to wake you. It’s just these stupid things.” He thumped a bulky monitor with the flat of his palm. “They keep malfunctioning. You’d think, with how expensive they are, they’d be faultless.” The nurse frowned, and tried to fiddle with the buttons on the machines side. “Ugh, how does the hospital afford these hunks of junk?”

“By giving their patients ridiculously expensive hospital bills?” Peter joked. The nurse snorted. Peter idly traced the starch white of his sheets, running his fingers over the scratchy surface of his blankets. He felt all the air in his lungs freeze in a sudden, painful realisation.

“I don’t have health insurance,” Peter said slowly. His dawning horror was obvious in his voice.

The nurse laughed. “What?”

“I don’t…” Peter looked around the hospital room. He had the room to himself, and a collection of medicinal machines, and the antidote they’d specially administered to combat Peter’s illness—it would all have been expensive. So, so expensive. “Oh, my god, I can’t afford this! I’m—I’m going to be in so much debt—”

Peter’s breathing was beginning to speed up, the sign of an incoming panic attack. The nurse grabbed a nearby oxygen mask, and eased Peter into it. The air was reassuring, and it helped soothe some of the tightness in Peter’s chest, but he still scrambled desperately at the nurse’s hands, eyes blown wide. 
“Calm down,” the nurse told him firmly. Peter wheezed and shook his head wildly. “No, calm down, Spidey. You’re not in debt. Your medical bills have already been paid.” 
Peter stilled, lowering his shaky hands. He blinked up at the nurse.

“Sorry for freaking you out,” said the nurse, “but I thought someone had already told you that?” 

Peter shook his head. His breathing was beginning to even out, the oxygen mask still in place.

The nurse winced, guilty, and dutifully began to explain; “Well, they have been. Right after you were brought in to the hospital, there was lots of press coverage. Reporters kept trying to sneak into the hospital to get information on your condition. Eventually, someone found out that the hospital was planning on billing you for your stay. Like, billing you a lot.” The nurse waved hurried hands at Peter, realising his words might set the hero into another panic. “But you don’t have to worry! Everyone got really angry about it. There was even a demonstration outside of the hospital, people with signs and everything, demanding that they didn’t make you pay for hospital expenses after you’d gotten hurt saving the city. The hospital staff got angry, too. Some people threatened to resign.” 

Peter would have thought it was strange that he had missed so much, but he hadn’t been aware for the majority of his stay in the hospital. So far, everything had been a dazed blur, his thoughts muddled by an unshakeable fever.
Peter supposed that, considering the debilitating illness that had almost killed him, it was probably right that he’d missed a lot. 
“The hospital refused to drop the expenses,” continued the nurse. “Then, someone set up a page on GoFundMe.com to pay for your medical bills. Hundreds of people donated to it. People from other states and other countries were donating too, but most of it came from New Yorkers.” The nurse looked at Peter, head ducked, eyes lowered, seeming to go shy under the hero’s gaze. “I donated to it, too. Lots of the hospital staff did.”

Peter swallowed. His mouth felt impossibly dry. 
“So, yeah.” The nurse—god, Peter didn’t even know his name, didn’t know any of these people’s names; he vowed he’d start learning—shrugged, like it wasn’t a big deal. “All your hospital bills have been covered. Don’t worry about it.” 
Peter pulled away the oxygen mask, and asked, incredulous, “Strangers paid my hospital bill?” The nurse nodded. “Why?”

The nurse frowned. “What do you mean ‘why?’”

“Why did they do that? They didn’t have to give up their money for me. They shouldn’t have! Not—not for me—”

The nurse, previously shy and almost embarrassed, straightened, jaw tightening. “They should’ve. Of course they should have, Spidey, especially for you. This city owes you so much.” He shook his head, and his words dropped a little, reduced to something quieter, but no less sincere, “You don’t realise how important you are.”

“Important?”

“Important.”
Peter shook his he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/New York

freeform: 
New Yorkers
New York City
Hurt/Comfort
Comfort
protective new york
Protectiveness
Sick Peter
Hurt Peter
Hospitals
Nurses
Police
Schmoop
Fluff
peter realises how much new york cares about him
original characters used to further plot - Freeform
Oblivious Peter

fandom: 
Spider-Man/New York

