Chapter 1: Steve Moves In
    




Chapter Text
Steve was wide awake. He'd been listening to noises coming through the wall from Tony's room for the last 40 minutes and was now thoroughly ticked off. It was one thing to cheat on Pepper and have her move to the other side of the country in tears, but to then be... entertaining... not even a week after she'd left? And being so darned loud? Well that was just beyond the pale. Steve wasn't even meant to be there, he'd come back late from one of the SHIELD labs where they had been testing his blood to see if they could replicate the serum again. They must have gallons of his blood by now, he thought. The tower was closer than Brooklyn and he just wanted to get to sleep, so he'd come up to the room set aside for him instead of heading all the way back. No one was around so he assumed everyone was asleep.  But whoever was in Tony's room wasn't sleeping. Why were they being so loud? He'd heard people having sex plenty of times before and it usually sounded far less chaotic than whatever was going on in the next room. He shook his head, gave up on his book and made to head down to the gym.  But. The door was right by the wall the noises were coming from, and as Steve went to leave, he heard Tony's muffled voice saying, "I want it, please-" cut off with a dull thud.  Steve froze. What was going on in there? Was Tony being attacked? Before he could determine what to do, he heard Tony again. "I can take it, please, fuck my ass, fuck it raw, I don't wanna be able to walk-" This time he was cut off by what sounded like a slap.  Another man's voice, one that Steve couldn't place, responded archly. "You want my cock, you little piece of shit? Tell me why you deserve it." "I'm a dirty faggot whore and I want you to pound me like a piece of meat. Fucking use me." Tony sounded broken. "Make it so all I can do is lie here and take it. Fuck out my ass til all I can do is be fucked and filled up with cum." On and on, punctuated by thuds and slaps, occasionally a small yelp or whimper from Tony, egged on by the mysterious other man. "You're worthless, Tony Stark."  When yet another thud came through the wall, Steve suddenly realised he had been standing there for a good ten minutes with his hand on the doorknob. He also realised he was painfully, shamefully, hard.  "Take it, slut. Take it all." The sounds sped up. "I'm gonna cum in your ass and then piss on you when I'm done. You want that, you nasty cunt?" Steve couldn't make out what Tony's response was, tore himself away from the wall. Whatever was going on in there was sick enough as it was, the fact that he was palming his own erection to try to relieve just some of the pressure was a hundred times worse.  Steve had a cold shower. XXXXXXXX The next morning there was no sign of Tony. No sign of anyone, actually. They were all off somewhere or another. Steve read the paper as he ate one of Thor's Pop Tarts, trying to put last night out of his mind.A man, as tall as Steve and almost as broad, walked into the lounge, startling Steve."Oh... I'm sorry, I didn't know anyone was here. Uh... I'm just leaving." He hastily beat a retreat via the fire exit, presumably to avoid having to wait for the elevator. That must have been the man from last night, thought Steve. He fought off the urge to follow him. Whatever Tony was doing in his room, in his home at night was his business, no matter how much Steve might disapprove. Tony wandered in a short while later, freezing when he noticed Steve sitting in his usual spot at the counter. Steve looked up as Tony turned around to leave, called out "Tony," just glimpsing a purpling bruise on his arm as he disappeared down that same fire exit. XXXXXXX "Tony, are you ok?" Steve asked across the room once JARVIS had let him into the workshop. Tony didn't turn around, just continued whatever he was doing, his back facing Steve. That mark was still there on his arm, larger than Steve had initially thought. "Sure am, Cap. Life's peachy. Can I help you with something?" He still didn't turn around."Tony, what were you doing last night?" The wide eyed virgin schtick was sometimes a good trope to fall back on when Steve wanted to ask a straightforward question, especially of someone like Tony, cocooned in fifteen layers of irony and sarcasm.Tony ignored him. "Tony?" "What, Steve, scandalised that I spent the night with another man? Sorry to offend your old fashioned sensibilities."Steve hadn't even thought about that. And as if he would care. Half the Howling Commandos were homos. He'd even gone there a few times, on the loneliest nights. "What? No, Tony that's not it at all." Tony still didn't turn around. "Pepper just left, and you're already..." fucking "seeing someone else?" It would make sense if Tony turned around now and said something Tony-ish like "I'm New York's number one bachelor, can't disappoint the paps" or "I'm not getting any younger, I gotta get back out there and find me a trophy wife." B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other

freeform: 
Tony is a mess
steve moves in
and tries to fix it
Rough Sex
Eavesdropping
BDSM
Anonymous Sex
Sexual Content
Jealousy
Hotel Sex
Slapping
Breathplay
blindfold
Possessive Behavior
the rise of Possessive!Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other

