Chapter 1





Chapter Text

2005, Bucky

Bucky hates sweat. Sweat and sand. There’s nothing more he could possibly hate than sweat and sand right now, he can’t even hate that aunt he has that pinches his cheeks like he’s still a chubby twelve year old because all the hate in the world is directed on sweat and sand. 
He has sweat running down his face and neck, he can feel his uniform sticking to his back from where sweat drenched through the fabric, he can even feel sweat uncomfortably running down his thighs right now, but he really doesn’t want to think about that. Then there’s the sand. Sand that stuck in his ears and between his toes, sand that makes him itchy where it mixes with his sweat, sand that he thinks will never completely wash out of his hair. 
He hates it, and he wants to pout. But there’s fucking Steve, sitting next to him keeping watch on the entrance of their base laughing at some lame joke like he dork he is. He wants to pout and hate the sweat and sand but he can’t because Steve’s making him laugh. 
Bucky nudges Steve in the ribs with the butt of his rifle and snorts, “Stop, they’re gonna separate us again and it’s gonna’ be all your fault.”
“That was only once, Buck,” Steve says, that stupid smile still plastered on his face, “And that was your fault ‘cause you were the one that made me laugh.”
Bucky shrugs, not exactly admitting to being the reason but not denying it either, “Whatever helps you sleep at night, Stevie.”
He remembers that moment fondly, they were only a year into the Iraq war, both of them scared shitless but trying to get by none the less. Steve was across from him doing the same thing they were doing now- keeping watch- and Bucky couldn’t take the silence. He could read Steve’s every emotion since they’ve been friends since pretty much birth and decided to do something about the little dip between his eyebrows. He remembers nudging Steve’s leg with his boot and spewing off some stupid joke that made Steve laugh with his whole body and Bucky smile like an idiot. Of course they were separated after, but the laughter was worth it. 
“What would help me sleep at night is a thermal blanket,” Steve mutters, leaning back against the rock they perched themselves on, sun glasses pulled over his eyes, staring off somewhere past the desert sand. 
“Just you wait,” Bucky says, mirroring Steve and leaning himself against the rock, giving in to the sun and pulling his own sunglasses down- he thought they made him look like a douchebag but he’d rather that than have to squint every time he looked towards the sun- “we’re due home in a couple weeks for Christmas, Ma’s gonna have all the blankets you could hope for, and” he looked over his shoulder to make sure nobody was walking past their rock that could possibly overhear them, “we get to share my room like old times. Just you, me, and a couple of blankets. Clothing optional.”
Bucky could see Steve’s blush through his sunburned skin and let a grin spread across his face. He moves himself back into to a more “platonic” position and watches the sand move in the occasional gust of wind.
They’ve been here for over two years already, moving up ranks, learning new things about themselves and the world around them. It was okay, for the most part. After they got used to the far-off sounds of explosions and gunfire, after they got used to bloodshed and death. After they got used to a lot of things, being in war became to being like second nature to them. It wasn’t anything more than a set of rules, listening to higher ranked comrades, and keeping an eye out for themselves and their fellow troops. 
Most of the time there wasn’t a mission to go on. It was like they were now, him and Steve or someone else, keeping an eye on base; doing other things their commander asked of them. But when they did go on a mission, they had to get used to killing and hurting people that may or may not have been with the rogue militants. 
He was more okay with it since they made him shoot from high up, but he knew Steve was still a little touchy about having to kill people. They didn’t enlist to kill people, and he knew that, they enlisted to help their country and keep families everywhere safe, but killing was just a side effect of war. And like everything else, like the sand and sweat and heat, they’d eventually get used to it. 
Bucky sighs, propping a foot up on one of the rock’s edges, “How do you think the weather is over in Brooklyn?”
“Snowy,” Steve states, simple as ever.
“Unlike this literal hell hole.” He thinks if any weather could relate so distinctly to hell that it would be this particular desert. Hotter than a Brooklyn Summer during the day, and icy cold at night. Two totally different temperatures that his body still didn’t know how to deal with. 
Steve shifts against the rock, hugging his rifle to his chest like a shield, “It could be worse,”
“How so?” Because really, how so.
“It could be raining at night, which would make us freeze, then stop in the m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Riley/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Military
Pre-DADT
Post-DADT
Canon-Typical Violence
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Timeskip
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
TWS!Bucky Barnes
switching POV
Minor Character Death
First Kiss
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Pre-Established Relationship
Something Happens To Bucky
Presumed Killed In Action
temporary break-up
Because Bucky's Supposed To Dead
professor!steve
Author!Bucky
Sam and Riley own a dog and are very domestic
Demisexual Biromantic!Steve
Mentions of PTSD
Heavy Petting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Riley/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

