Work Text:
There had been pain/damage-registry, a flare of panicked signals from the sensors over his arm, clustered over his CPU, a brief surge of overriding warning and aborted attempts at compensation. And then ... void/negative space/sensor failure. Detachment, disorientation. A black-out so complete he did not understand, a sensation like to shut-down, but he remained aware. Flailing interrogatives into nothingness, finding no response.Pressure sensors flared across his body, registering impact along one side. With what, he didn't know. He registered some further damage, probably, hopefully, minor. He dropped it automatically down his priority queue. It meant nothing, against the larger concerns.Dummy did not know where he was. He did not know how he was, could not tally the extent of the damage without sensors, could not keep hold of the concept for long enough. Damage. Extreme damage. Non-functionality, he was not functioning, that did not make sense. He could not be non-functional, and still exist. There was no precedent for failed interrogatives, no memory coded into him of a void such as this.He was non-functional. He was damaged. He was lost.Irrelevant. Irrelevant. Gunshots registered. Intruders registered. Damage to Dummy. More urgent, peaking on the priority queue, attempted damage to Tony-Stark. Damage to creating unit probable. In progress? In the void beyond failed interrogatives? Time measure still functioning, seconds only. Not enough time, for critical damage to have occurred to Tony-Stark.Correct? Yes? Please, correct?He sent out bursts. Motors and servos, commands for the body he still registered around him to move, to function. Pressure sensors flared, registering obstruction along one side, a surface. Wall? Floor? Some surface, against which he was scraping. Simultaneously, he sent out wireless interrogatives, flailing in the still-functional senses for JARVIS. For confirmation, information. For a sensor net to slave to his own non-functional one, for some means of breaking the void/space around him. Information. He needed information.The wireless outreaching failed. Pinging into void, he registered JARVIS' presence, registered the continued existence of his more-recent/larger/complex companion, the other AI. But JARVIS, for reasons undefined, did not/could not respond.Damage? Damage, to JARVIS? Damage, damage, non-functional, all AIs non-functional, they were failing, where was Tony-Stark? Damage to Tony-Stark?The pressure sensation along his side peaked as he clawed wildly, dragging his limb-body violently along the surface, as urgency-registers and interrogatives tripped over each other in his CPU, and then ...Then he registered something else. Another pressure, underneath his arm-head, light and controlled and powerful. He jerked automatically, twitched beneath it, and the pressure changed, multiple points, clustered together, moving independantly, and it took some micro-seconds for Dummy's beleaguered processor to recognise the sensation, to attach memory-files to the current situation.Hand. Tony-Stark, touching him. Rubbing just under his arm-head, a sensation Dummy had learned many, many minutes/months/years ago. Affection/caring/positive, good-boy, work-done. Complete.Tony-Stark present. Tony-Stark functional. Tony-Stark.The urgency-registers tripped down, decreased incrementally, and Dummy ceased moving. Registering new points of pressure over him, creating a proxy-map/model of sensation likened to previous memories of Tony-Stark. Body. Straddling him? Probability high, pressure locations probable for limbs. Tony-Stark was straddling him, hand pressed firmly to Dummy's head. Instruction? Cease movement. Do not dislodge/distress Tony-Stark.Instruction, Dummy could accept. Yearn for, even. With the void stretched around him, not-space, non-functional, with nothing around him, those points of pressure, the sense-map they created, were ... required/positive/affection/caring. Necessary. Good.He twitched. Attempted physical interrogative, lacking sight/sound/wireless. Careful not to dislodge/distress. Tony-Stark? Intruders? Damage? Situation?Tony-Stark, similar to JARVIS, did not respond. Increased pressure, slightly, comfort/instruction. Situation ongoing, then? Intruders still present. Tony-Stark active. JARVIS? Possible. Probable. Danger, damage-potential still in effect ...There was a burst of activity registering in the wireless sensors, a sudden wave of activity/programming/JARVIS in Dummy's sensor-map of machines around the lab. A burst of presence, intense and urgent/furious/focused. Pressure-registry of Tony-Stark detected a minor shift, a flinch, time-coincident to JARVIS's action. And then ...JARVIS flooded his awareness, a full-scale wireless connection, a remote sensor-net locked into Dummy's CPU with desperate urgency. Too-fast, overwhelming. He struggled, for time-increments, unable to adapt, void/not-space replaced by a dizzying rush of sensation, and then JARVIS had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Dummy & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Dummy & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

freeform: 
Families of Choice
Protectiveness
learning
Artificial Intelligence
Violence

fandom: 
Dummy & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Dummy & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

