Work Text:
“I know you. You’re the one who—“ “Yes, I’m the kid who got hit with a Dark curse and became blind. Yes, I’ve been to Scamander Hospital and there was nothing they could do. Yes, I really can’t see anything. Yes, I will retaliate if you try to take advantage of it or me in the future. I don’t care how good a wizard you are—I will make you regret it for every moment that you draw breath, and there is not a spell in the world that will save you.” Foggy stares for a moment, stunned and more than a little worried. All his warm fuzzies about having a new roommate and a possible new bestie have been abruptly squashed by this rather heartfelt intimidation. On the plus side, he now knows his roommate is a wizard. He hadn’t been sure since Columbia mixes housing, and the thought of trying to hide his magic for three years from a Muggle had been daunting. It’s just that he was sorting of hoping that he’d get a wizard that wasn't planning to make him regret things for as long as Foggy draws breath. Call him spoiled, but he’d hoped. “Um.” He smiles awkwardly. “I was actually going to say that you’re the one who beat my LSAT score, but the blind curse thing is cool too.” The man—Matt, apparently, as he’d said two seconds before launching into his scary speech—blinks. Foggy can barely see the motion through his dark glasses, but he can’t help but notice that it makes Matt look like a befuddled bird. The puzzled head tilt only furthers the illusion.  “Oh.” Matt clears his throat and smiles back just as awkwardly. “Sorry. It comes up a lot. I find it’s better to just get it out of the way.” “Right, and threaten people before they screw with you. Solid strategy.” Foggy approves, still a bit concerned that he’s going to get hexed. “Should have used it myself back in my weekend Charm School.” Of course, if he’d done that people probably wouldn’t have listened. Foggy’s not exactly the most menacing individual until he turns your Pepper-Up potion into ghost pepper sauce right before you drink it. That gets people to listen. Foggy gets the feeling that Matt is talking about a hell of a lot more than an innocent pepper-based prank, though. Luckily Foggy’s not the kind of guy to take advantage of anything or anyone. Matt laughs sheepishly. “I shouldn’t have assumed.” He apologizes. “I get a little jaded sometimes.” He hesitates. “So, you don’t mind my being blind?” Foggy shrugs easily, because of the two? Being threatened is significantly more of an issue than a guy with vision troubles. “Nah, it’s cool.” He waves off Matt’s concern. As long as Foggy’s nice to Matt, it shouldn’t be a problem. No retaliation needed. “You got any other fun personal details you want to threaten me about while you've got your groove on?” He might as well get them all out of the way now. Matt is quiet for a long moment, and Foggy realizes that there is something else Matt’s going to threaten him about. God, is it going to be like this for three years? Just getting constantly menaced by his prickly roommate? “I use some Muggle technology to help me deal with it.” Matt offers slowly. “Is that going to be a problem?” Foggy snorts. That was almost a letdown, honestly. He was expecting something like Matt being from one of those strange Satanist covens that likes to write all their notes in blood and frequently summon up demonic familiars. Comparatively, this is quite tame. “Muggle-raised.” Foggy claims proudly, pointing at himself. “My friends were using owls and quills and getting hand cramps from writing—I was using cell phones and computers and laughing at them. Did you know that Ilvermorny School bans electronics? Ugh, I cannot even imagine. And they're so stuck-up, just because they're traditional. Like, their curriculum isn't that great, you know? I took Advanced Calculus and still managed to pass my Numerology exam with flying colors, and they're over there thinking basic Arithmancy is some great feat? Ha! As if. Uh...you didn't happen to go to Ilvermorny, did you?" Did he just stick his whole foot in his mouth and give Matt a real reason to punch his lights out? But Matt shakes his head, looking more than a little amused. Foggy relaxes with an exaggerated sigh and punches the air. "Alright! Another nontraditional Charm School boy. I think we’re the lucky ones.” Matt grins at that and nods. “I've always thought so.” He concedes. “I think those are my only concerns. You?” Foggy considers. Matt appears to be genuinely curious, so now’s the time to confess to anything that might be a problem. That way Matt can’t say that Foggy didn’t warn him—although Foggy’s warning wouldn’t be anywhere near as terrifying as Matt’s was. “I have a tendency to cast magic spontaneously in…certain situations.” Foggy tries carefully. Matt smiles, nodding encouragingly. “That’s not so bad.” He comforts, clearly relieved it’s not something awful like, say, being part of a Satanist coven that writes all their notes in blood and summons up demonic familiars. It's a g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Wizards
Muggle/Wizard Relations
Magic
Fluff

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

