Chapter 1: Forbidden Fruit
    




Chapter Text
Loki was forbidden.It was an unspoken rule throughout Asgard, since anyone with eyes could clearly see Thor's scrutinizing glance at anyone who came remotely close to the younger prince. He was a gift, gracing those in his presence with wit as sharp as a blade and intelligence beyond the books in the library. Where Thor was gold, Loki was silver, which happened to be more appealing to some as it was absolutely exotic. His features were dark, dangerously enticing, and they sat upon flawless skin, pale as the moonlight. Needless to say, he was desirable beyond imagination, yet untouchable. Fandral happened to have a certain affinity for oddities. From the day that Loki had started to come out with them, he was the odd one out, and it was in that very moment that Fandral was struck with desire. He was immediately enchanted with the way that Loki opted for an elegant bo staff instead of the blunt maces or hammers that other fierce warriors chose. More than that, he flew with grace and precision, always rendering his opponents useless with what the men called “his little stick”. It was one of the many things he missed about Loki’s growing absence around them, though there were still odd days where Loki would join them for training in the morning. The rarity usually consisted of Loki eyeing each weapon carefully before picking up whichever one he felt like in the moment. Today was one of those days, and Loki held his double broadswords, testing his grip on each one. “Hogun,” Loki greeted with a small nod. The grim man nodded back and hoisted his own katana, in acceptance of the unspoken challenge. The two men bowed and stepped backward in the ring, weapons poised to attack. Hogun made the first move, aggressive and straightforward. The first blow made Loki stumble backward, the weight of the broadswords still new to him. He countered, which Hogun parried away easily. The speed at which Loki learned to wield his new weapons was incredible, but Hogun was a master with his mace. They both tired within a few moments, and Fandral decided to give the poor prince some advice, “Stop using them as two swords, and think of them as one!” Loki’s head swivelled toward Fandral, leaving him open for Hogun to catch him in the sternum with the blunt end of his mace. As Loki stumbled backward, out of the ring, Fandral cringed. Loki’s eyes flashed with anger, clearly blaming Fandral for the distraction. He bowed curtly to Hogun before returning the swords to the weaponry and storming off.Fandral quickly broke away from the group to catch up to him, cursing Loki’s long legs that allowed him to travel with such speed. “Loki!” he breathed as soon as he caught up.When the prince swirled around, his eyes cold and dangerous, Fandral immediately stopped in his tracks and dropped to a knee. “Haven’t you done enough damage for one day?” He snapped, his voice as sharp as a razor. “Forgive me, my prince, I was only trying to help,” Fandral said sincerely, bowing his head.“I don’t need your help!” he spat, whirling around to head to his chambers. Fandral rose to stand again, but he stared after the prince with a longing that ached more and more with every step Loki took. There was a feeling he couldn’t explain, all he knew was that Loki’s frown was possibly one of the worst sights he’d ever seen – and he was determined to fix it.  ~ The next morning, it was no surprise when Loki was nowhere in sight. Or the next. Or the next. By the time three weeks had passed, Fandral noticed that Loki had been missing from the scene for too long, even for the evasive prince. Though he wouldn’t admit to peering into the library, stables and other common rooms in hopes of catching a glimpse of him, he had to do something to sate his curiosity. “Ah, my king,” he said to Thor, knowing how much Thor basked in the flattery.“Hm, not yet, good Fandral,” Thor replied with a knowing smile. “Tell me, what is it you wish of me now?”Fandral chuckled nervously, but he knew there was no point in pretending now. He tried to play it off smoothly. “Me? Wanting something from you? Never!" Thor crossed his arms and smiled down at his friend, waiting.Fandral raised his hands in surrender. "Alright, alright, I was just wondering what has happened to your brother, is all. I have not seen him around for some time.”Thor raised an eyebrow at this. “He has been ill as of late, though he shall recover just fine. None else have noticed his absence as you have, I must say.”That is because none else see the true beauty, Fandral thought to himself. As for Thor’s accusing tone, he merely played it off with a quick, “I just wished to best him at swordplay. After all, I can’t let Hogun have all the fun and glory now!”“Yes, that must be the reason,” Thor agreed, though his tone showed him obviously unconvinced. Fandral sighed in relief when Sif called him over to spar, and he was left to ponder whether or not it would be within his right to visit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Fandral/Loki

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Protective!Thor
serious miscommunication
Fluff
Same-Sex Marriage

fandom: 
Fandral/Loki

