Work Text:





Tony Stark hated Hydra. Even beyond the whole 'science-magic fusion megalomaniacs out to rule the fucking world' thing. Which was more than enough cause, but, depressingly enough, that description fit a good half of the menaces the Avengers specialized in. No, the reason Tony hate, hate, hated every last member was because they considered Captain America their arch enemy.It didn't matter to them that every single member of Hydra who had faced off against Cap and his Howling Commandos was either in the 'Annoying Villains Retirement Home' or long dead. No, Cap had thwarted them back in the beginning when the Red Skull had run things (and still did from time to time – dead just didn't mean what most people thought it did when things got into the whole science-magic fusion shit) so Hydra had 'I hate Captain America' bumper stickers on all their tanks and company cars. (Seriously, they did, except the 'hate' part was a heart with the 'no' symbol across it.)All of this meant whenever the Avengers were called out to fight them, Hydra went after Cap like rabid dogs after steak. Not pretty. Tony had even gone so far as to ask/beg/demand Cap sit those encounters out. Well, he had once. Cap had glared at him with frosty disapproval then said something unfair like 'the Mandarin' as if one megalomaniac out to get Tony equaled the frenzy of a whole organization after one shapely ass. And Tony meant ass in oh, so many ways.Hey, he got Cap was in charge and none too fond of Tony, but Iron Man was second-in-command so his opinion should count for something, but nooooooo. And if he had a split-second thought of 'serves him right' when some orange beam struck Cap, he didn't think he could be blamed, except, he was really too busy 1) destroying the weird looking gun it had come from before it could take out Thor and 2) scream – making a manly sound of concern for his fallen comrade to notice if he'd had his perfectly reasonable, utterly justifiable moment.He landed next to Cap ready to defend his unconscious ass from all predators, but Hydra had taken a collective powder which meant this whole damned attack had been to lure Cap out and zap him. "Damnit," he snarled, dropping down onto one armored knee, "next time I'll zap you myself."There were strict field protocols about when Tony could or could not lift the face plate of his armor – mostly established by the red-white-and-blue jackass sprawled on the pavement and Tony had done just fine on deciding the when and when-nots on his own before Captain Knows-Best showed up. He was about to say 'fuck it and the donkey they rode in on' to all of them when Rogers stirred. "You okay, Cap?"Rogers frowned. It was sort of his default expression whenever Tony was around. "Not Iron Man. Tony!"Huh? That didn't sound like Captain Use Your Verbs and … was he pouting?The lip that looked like it was jutted out began to tremble, and the blue eyes framed by his cowl began to fill with tears. "Want Tony!"Ooookay. This was different, but God forbid Coulson find out Tony had made Cap cry. The sadist would make Tony fill out paperwork for weeks! The mental image of stacks of paper taller than Thor filling him with horror, Tony retracted his entire helmet. "That better?" he asked.The pending waterworks eased off, but Rogers sat up and tugged at the chest plate. "Want Tony!"All narcissism aside (which was setting a lot aside) Tony actually had a level of self-esteem lower than a snail's belly, but he wasn't overtly suicidal. It made him less than anxious to give into all tugging and remove more of his armor without an official all-clear since it had been less than two minutes since Rogers had gotten shot.Natasha Romanoff running up gave him an excuse to stand back up, the servos of his suit easily compensating for the fact Cap hadn't let go and had come along for 'the ride.' Ummm.As much as she ever did, Nat sort of gaped which to any non-Avenger would look like a barely imperceptible alteration of her usual stare. "Is he all right?"Tony's expression of 'you're kidding me, right?' was far less mysteriously vague. Cap helpfully emphasized the dumbness of the question, by tugging harder and practically wailing, "Want Tony!"He grunted. Bastard was putting some of his super-serum strength into it and without the armor compensating, they'd have both gone sprawling. "You need to stop doing that, Cap," he said in his best 'firm, but gentle for their obviously lost it leader's sake' voice. And fuck his life anyway that he even had that sort of voice.Obviously not impressed, Cap scowled and tugged harder at the same moment Thor came in for a landing. It must have alarmed their resident Norse god, because he reached out and deftly plucked Rogers off of Tony. Had to love godly strength, but, "Umm, bad call," Tony started to point out, especially the whole 'setting him down instead of hanging on' part."Want Tony!" Rogers howled, snatching up his shield and letting it fly. Thing hit Thor square in t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

