Chapter 1: Wherein Prince Loki, newly married, returns to Midgard.
    


Summary:

Darcy is still reeling from twelve hours with Frigga, Jane is full of observations, Aiden doesn’t know what to make of any of this, Austin reminisces about Loki’s childhood, Jack works on managing Paula, and Loki has another emotional meltdown. But a minor one. Nothing like canon. :D





Chapter Text
He held her hand and jumped into the swirling vortex feeling the happiest he’d ever felt in his life. Loki heard her whoop of joy during the rush of travel. Well before he might normally reverse his position, he yelled out to her, “Twist your body!” and did just that, his hand pulling her along with him. Darcy stumbled when they landed. Loki reached out to steady her even while she looked up at him and grinned.“Hi,” she said, smiling widely. ‘I really missed you. Damn you’re gorgeous. This was such a crazy day. I can’t wait to tell you everything. There are going to be doors! In the desert! And we’re going to need composting everything. Including toilets, I think. Do you guys do desalination? I mean, better than we do?’He decided to kiss her, as she was making no sense. Her lips were soft and honeyed, but her mind was not quietened by his efforts.
‘I love you so much, Loki! And I missed you so much, which is crazy because it was just one day, I know, but still, and it was such an overwhelming day, and I mean, like, whoa! Sensory overload! And this is nice, too, hey did something just hit me on the head?’
Something certainly hit him on the head.They both looked up to see the bifrost receding and flowers raining down all around them in the desert.“My flowers!” Darcy squealed and did a small pirouette of joy. Which made her armor and weapons shift, thud and clank ever so slightly.Loki watched, bemused, as she gathered up a few flowers at her feet, then noticed her mother.“Hi, Mom!” And there was embracing. And a few more moments of flower gathering. Then she noticed her sister.“Aiden! You came! You’re awesome and I love you!” And there was embracing. And a few more moments of flower gathering.All the while her thoughts were racing. It was slowly dawning on Loki that the day might have actually been too much for his beloved to take in, much less process altogether. She was acting a bit… scattered. And he had an idea for gathering her back together again.He went to her, embraced her in an admittedly confining way and softly whispered to her, “Sweetheart. This has been a busy day. Why don’t you greet your father and brother, and then we’ll gather flowers, hmm?”“Right!” Darcy exclaimed happily, and shifted over to her father.“Welcome home, Jane,” Loki said as he approached her. He held out his hand to her and as she took it, he shook it in the Midgardian fashion. “Thank you for being a part of our handfasting. You handled your weapon well. We are honored to have you in our lives.”Jane smiled and blushed. He had a quick word with her, presenting his idea and securing her agreement.As he walked away from her and back to Darcy, he heard Jane call out, “Let’s put all these flowers in the van, okay? I’ll go pull it closer. Jack, why don’t you come with me and bring the car up, too? And let’s grab these trunks, oh, that one’s mine.”Loki pulled a large, wide-mouthed, canvas bag from the store and bent over, starting to put the flowers in. With so many hands working, it did not take long, and they were walking toward the transport before it even arrived.Loki had his arm around Darcy’s waist as they walked. Her mental chatter to him had been non-stop and so much more scattered than of late.“Aiden, would you like to ride back with Jane? I’m sure the two doctors would have plenty to discuss of recent events,” Loki pointed out.“Sure. Okay,” she replied quietly.“I’m hungry. You guys hungry?” Darcy asked. ‘Ack, I don’t have my cell phone! Loki! Where’s my cell phone? Oh my god! You guys didn’t leave it on Asgard, did you?’“Jane is calling for some food, and she will pick it up on the way back,” he calmly told her. “And Aiden has your cell phone, and has painted some portraits with it.”“Thanks, Rockstar,” she breathed.The transport drew close and it was not a moment too soon. Loki handed off the bags of flowers to Jane and pulled Darcy back toward him when she tried to follow her.
‘Wha- hey, now! Wanna go home! Hooooome!’
“There is a faster way,” he whispered to her.“Okay, we’ll see you there, Loki. See you in an hour, Darce. Jack, you good to follow me?” Jane asked, as the others began to enter the transport and make themselves comfortable. Darcy, meanwhile, was doing some sort of shimmy and wiggle in his arms as her thoughts spun crazily around him.He sorted Darcy in his arms so that they faced one another and pulled her chin back toward him so that he had her eyes.“I somehow feel, my love, as if I don’t have your undivided attention.”The mental chatter stopped, and Loki smiled. He shifted them, and they no longer stood in the desert, but in their 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki
darcy/loki
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Sane Loki
Loki-centric
Non-Psychotic Loki
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
tasertricks - Freeform
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster Loves Science
Warning: Loki
Sexy Times
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki is Not Amused
Loki Needs a Hug
Jötunn Loki
Mischief Managed
Odin's A+ Parenting
no really
Loki Is Wiser Than He Looks
Frigga is meddling
Jane Foster is Not Amused
If You Think You're So Enlightened Go Spend Two Weeks With Your Parents
Thor Loves Electricity
Cute Kitten Alert
Fun With Metaphysics
Nick Fury Prepares For The Apocalypse
Personal Paranoia Reaches DEFCON 1
Darcy Lewis Aces Adulting

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki
darcy/loki
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

