Chapter 1: Thor/Tony
    




Chapter Text


Tony twisted another small screw. When working with the smaller components for personal items, he always preferred doing the final tweaks himself. He didn’t hear the door slide open, but when the AC/DC blaring in the background dropped down to a near whisper, he knew Thor was back. “Hey,” he called without turning around. “Did you find Clint?”
“Yes,” Thor replied. “He was more than happy to assist.”
“Good.” Tony tightened a last screws and stood up, tucking the screwdriver in his pocket and turning to face Thor. “Let me see.”
The Asgardian was perched on a stool, watching and waiting for Tony to finish, and Tony immediately grinned at the sight of his bare-chested lover. He strolled over, reaching for him, but Thor folded his arms across his chest. “Wash your hands first, please.”
Tony looked down at his hands, the grease and dirt embedded in the lines of his palm and calluses, even caked under the nails. He made a face. “Yeah, sorry. Be right back.”
Dashing to the sink, he scrubbed his hands and arms clean using a powerful soap and a small scrub brush. By the time he was done, his skin was pink and smarting, but there wasn’t a trace of grime anywhere. After drying himself off and tossing the towel on a workbench, he went back to Thor, holding out his hands and flipping them back and forth for inspection, like a child waiting for his mother’s approval that they were clean enough to sit at the table.
Thor looked them over carefully, and then smiled and nodded, letting his arms fall to his sides. Tony immediately reached out to play with the two stainless steel rings that his nipples now sported, turning them and pulling them through Thor’s flesh. “Nice,” he purred as Thor’s breathing deepened slightly as he teased. “God, these look good on you. Are you sure you don’t want to just leave them in?”
Without pause, Thor said, “No. I’ve told you, I don’t like the way they feel under my armor.”
“We could tape them down,” Tony pouted.
“No, Tony,” Thor said patiently. “We’ve tried, remember? They are still a distraction. A minor one, granted, but in battle I will not risk endangering any of you because of it. Besides,” he grinned impishly, “it wouldn’t be fair to deprive Clint of his fun, now would it?”
“I suppose not,” Tony muttered, giving the rings one last tug before letting go. “Have you eaten yet?”
“I have not.”
“Then let’s grab some grub first. You want to make something here or order in?”
“Could we order from the barbeque place?” Thor asked hopefully.
Tony laughed. Thor had been introduced to a wide variety of cuisine, and he enjoyed nearly everything, but Tony wasn’t surprised that a Norse god still preferred eating entire sections of animals, right off the bone. “Yeah, that’s fine. I’ll see who else is home and if they want anything as well. Two racks for you, like usual?”
“Please. I’ll take care of my preparations while we wait for the food.” He leaned forward, pecked Tony on the lips and wandered out of the workshop up to their bedroom.
“Hey, JARVIS, see if anyone wants anything, add it to our usual order and call it in, okay?”
“Yes, sir.”
Grabbing his tablet, Tony open the command program for the machine he had just been tinkering with. He set it to cycle through a basic program, and then watched to make sure everything was running smoothly.
“I’ve placed the order, sir,” JARVIS said. “Your food should arrive in about thirty minutes.”
“Good, good,” Tony said distractedly. “That’ll give me enough time to input a program.”
He hit a few buttons to shut the machine down, and headed out of the lab, not even noticing the Black Sabbath he had playing in the background automatically fading into silence as he began entering parameters for tonight’s routine. Once he was sure he had down what he wanted, he began taking out the toys and items he would need tonight. Dildoes for the machine were in a cabinet, as were the variety of attachments for Thor’s cock. On the workbench closest to the machine, he set out a few bottles of lube, an assortment of clamps and restraints, his electro-stimulation kit and a pile a clean facecloths. Surveying the items, he nodded, checked that there were enough bottles of water in the mini-fridge and then headed to his other bedroom—not the one he and Thor shared in Thor’s suite because he didn’t want to distract the other man, but his old one. Tony still sometimes used it when he didn’t want to be alone in the suite when Thor was with someone else. He showered quickly and was throwing on a fresh change of clothes when JARVIS informed him that the food had arrived and that everyone was gathering in the kitchen.
“Thank, JARVIS.”
“My pleasure, sir.”
In the kitchen, Steve, Clint and Natasha were already breaking down the bags of food, setting plates and silverware out and grabbing drinks. “Just us tonight?” Tony asked.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, opening a large container of potato salad and sticking a serving spoon in it. “Fury is in D.C. this week wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Thor
Bruce Banner/Thor
Nick Fury/Thor

freeform: 
Nipple Piercings
Fucking Machines
Dildos
Sounding
Electro-Stimulation
Restraints
Light Dom/sub
Multiple Orgasms
Safewords
Bathing/Washing
Body Worship
Massage
Cunnilingus
Fingerfucking
Military Fetish
Paddling
Flogging
Hand Jobs
Piercings
Medical Kink
Enemas
Catheters
Urethral Stretching
Forniphilia
Objectification
Immobilization

fandom: 
Thor/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Thor
Bruce Banner/Thor
Nick Fury/Thor

