Chapter 1: School Daze
    




Chapter Text
"I hereby call this, the first meeting of the reunited Explorer's club to order.  So, everyone, how were your summers?" Harry asked cheerfully.  The whole group was gathered in the dining car--which Harry, Ron and Neville hadn't even realized the train had.  They were all crammed together into a horseshoe-shaped booth, nibbling on breakfast pastries and drinking tea.  The car was empty for the moment.  No one really started drifting this way until lunch time, which made it perfect for their use."Ours was great.  We made a nice sum of galleons on our summer jobs." Ron bragged.  He was sporting a new wand, one purchased just for him, rather than his brother Charlie's old one which he'd been using since he'd started school. "You were going over the tombs that had already been cleared to see if anything had been missed, right?" Neville asked."Yeah.  We found a couple of things in each of them..."
"...and so they had us do surveys of the tombs in the area they hadn't touched yet as well."  the twins agreed.
"Your whole geological survey charms that you made..."
"...have been a boon to them."
"They said we made their jobs both safer"
"and easier, since they won't be going in blind.""Oh.  Well, that's good." Harry nodded.  "I can't really take all the credit though.  Muggles and dwarves came up with most of it first.  I just sorta put it together." "They also said you'd helped them a lot as well." George added to Tom.
"Something to do with muggle weather prediction?" Fred hinted."Oh, that.  Did you not see that article in the Quibbler?" Tom nodded."It came out over the summer.  We don't really have any circulation in Egypt." Luna commented."Oh.  Yes, well, the muggles keep having problems predicting weather, mostly because there are hidden variables--like hidden magical places producing heat sinks that they can't see.  I merely mentioned that something like that was more likely to get us found than the whole business with dark matter, since it was something here on the planet and of considerable interest to them.  It turns out the Department of Mysteries had been studying weather patterns and some other things and were able to just put together a new shield for magical places before it became a problem.  They started implementing it this summer, and sent word to the other worldwide Ministries that they should do the same.""That's good and all, but how does muggles predicting weather help curse breakers?" Theo asked, confused."They said once the Ministries in the area had put up the new system, the hidden tombs suddenly stuck out like sore thumbs and became a lot easier to find.  They marked all their locations and then shielded them like the rest of the magical places had been. That's what Bill said, anyway." Ron explained. "So between the two of you, you've rather streamlined curse breaking in Egypt in a big way."
"Sadly though it probably won't do either one of you much good."
"Aye.  The goblins are curmudgeons at the best of times..."
"...and greedy little sods to boot." "Oh well.  What about the rest of you?" Harry shrugged."We've been learning about computers and computer programming." Lee announced."Okay.  Why?" Theo asked."Well, it occurred to us that we're going to need more than just little headsets for action figures.  We're going to need more integrated communications infrastructure if we're really going to make this work." Bernard spoke up.  "We're going to need good two way communications, and let's face it, the notebooks, however cool, are starting to get a bit cumbersome, yeah?  So, we were thinking, if  we're going to do this, best do it right." Kendall added.  We've been feeling out some folks here at Hogwarts to help us down the road, because obviously the scope of our project just got a whole lot bigger." Lee nodded."We're hoping we can make completely magical computers, as well as integrated communications for the ship and crew and us back here on earth." Bernard said, sounding giddy. "I was thinking about the sensors and all too.  We need to be able to record and store information about everything going on with the ship and crew so we can use it to figure out and fix any problems that crop up, as well as seize control of the ship and bring it back should that become necessary.  I've got some ideas already." Lee continued.  "I'm pretty sure we can have a real basic PDA type thing at least by year's end.  That's what I hope, anyway." he concluded."PDA?" Neville asked curiously."Personal digital assistant.  It's basically a small, basic, handheld computer that can store information, retrieve it and also make phone calls and stuff sometimes.  We're hoping, if we can get it to work out right, that we'll each have one of those, that will be connected to a larger, central computer at some point, so we can retrieve and search information from everyone's projects, not just our own, as well as store information on our own project for everyone's perusal.  Sound
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Magical Science
scientific magic
thousand year old murder mystery
Dark Magic

fandom: 
None
