Work Text:
‘When you go off into your dark little corner speaking Russian with Nat, do I complain? No! When you and Steve take trips to Brooklyn until 2, 3, 4am and don’t invite me do I get jealous? No! So when Pietro picks me up and runs me around the training room once for a LAUGH, I do NOT expect you to storm in like petulant child and break up the damn party!’ You slammed the fridge door so hard it rattled as you took a long swig from your water bottle, eyeing Bucky murderously.You gasped as the ice water ran down your throat but it did nothing to cool your rage. ‘Seriously you embarrassed me in front if the whole fucking team’ ‘He was flirting with you, touching what’s mine’ He growled, snatching the water from your hand and taking his own long swig. He spoke quietly and controlled, sending a shiver through you and you weren’t sure whether it was because he wasn’t so bothered about what he’d done or worse, that he was just as angry as you were.‘BUCK this is not 1943! I am not YOURS to do with as you see fit and you’ve never been so possessive with me before! So c’mon Old Man what’s eating your confidence? Cos the macho fuckin’ super soldier is usually never lacking in that is he?’He seemed to explode, moving away from his spot leaning against the kitchen counter, filling the room with his imposing frame as he lifted his hands in the air, gesticulating wildly. His blue eyes burned wide and animalistic, he was a frightening sight to behold. It wasn’t often he lost his shit like this, not any more anyway and certainly not because of you.‘That’s exactly it though isn’t it? I AM an old man! I don’t know shit about pop culture, I can’t watch movies you love without having to stop and question them all the fuckin’ time and I’m SICK Y/N I’m sick in the fuckin’ head!’ He slammed a metal palm to the side of his temple making you flinch. ‘So when he waltzes in with the hair and the accent all sweetness and light making you laugh so damn hard like he’s the funniest guy in the world…he’s your age, he knows what you know, grew up in your world, what the fuck am I meant to do? Where does that leave me?’‘Steve seems to cope pretty well’‘Steve wasn’t brainwashed to be a ruthless killing machine for years, excuse me if my emotions are a little off sometimes’ He glared at you but softened trying to regulate his heavy breathing. ‘And he’s not with anyone Y/N. He’s not with a beautiful, feisty young girl that every man has to slide their eyes over like fuckin’ dogs.’You felt your heart wrench a little at his admissions. Bucky was this insecure? He had always, always been so confident, a really popular addition to the team, everyone had taken to him really well. He and Steve had that unshakeable bond but he also got on grandly with Tony, bonding over music and whiskey making the two of them the life of most parties. You couldn’t let him off so easily though, he’d humiliated you. When Pietro circled the room whooping, you gripped onto him tight. There’d never ever been anything between the two of you other than friendship and his little display was purely for the fun of it. Bucky was right, you were the same age, and along with Wanda you three were considerably younger than the rest of the team meaning you all had bonded naturally.When Bucky saw what was going on in the training room, everyone’s smiling eyes on you and the Sokovian, his blood boiled and for the first time in a long while he could feel the Soldier inside of him rearing his ugly head. Bucky stalked over to the two of you and wrenched you away.‘Touch her once more and I’ll make sure you won’t ever be able to run again’ He had snarled at a wide eyed Pietro.He took you by the hips and pulled you flush to his solid body. Bucky kissed you hard and deep in front of everyone to make a statement. You mewled under his punishing lips, he was too rough and his kiss was unexpected making you push in protest at his rock hard chest. The room fell silent as he dragged you away, totally bewildered from the crowd muttering ‘Trainings over’. Not even Tony had a witty remark for the incident. ‘James Buchanan Barnes, that doesn’t excuse any of your shit back there! You cannot, I repeat,CANNOT just threaten our team mate, our FRIEND just because you have this dumb idea that he’s taken a fancy to me? I’ve never even seen him that way! Perhaps you’d realise that if you looked out for once instead of always looking inside yourself. I love you you big fuckin’ idiot. I love you and have loved you for so fuckin’ long, is hearing that every goddamn day not enough for you? Goddammit it man, do u think you could keep the Soldier in check for one minute? Ugh! You’re a brute!’ You turned your back to leave, wondering if perhaps this time you’d gone too far with your words.‘Babe…’ He spoke, defeated.‘No don’t! I’m so frickin’ mad at you right now’ You’d never had an argument like this…He’d never acted like an ass like this. You were more angry with him that you’d ever been before.‘Baby Doll’Yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
bucky x reader - Relationship
Bucky Barnes x Reader
bucky x ofc - Relationship
bucky x you
bucky barnes x you
Bucky/reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader
James Buchanan Barnes/reader

freeform: 
bucky smut
Bucky - Freeform
bucky barnes smut
Bucky Angst
Bucky Barnes Angst
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Fluff
bucky fluff
recovering bucky
Rough Sex
doggy
Jealous Bucky
Possessive Bucky
loving bucky
Spanking
bucky request
Dirty Talk
Russian
Hand Job
Public Sex

fandom: 
bucky x reader - Relationship
Bucky Barnes x Reader
bucky x ofc - Relationship
bucky x you
bucky barnes x you
Bucky/reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader
James Buchanan Barnes/reader

