Chapter 1: Let the Games Begin
    




Chapter Text
Darcy and Jane had been in Avengers tower for nearly three weeks when they finally met Tony Stark.  For the first week, Jane had sent worried glances anytime she thought she heard the door open, afraid Tony would come in and mess with her equipment.  (“It’s not pretty but it’s mine and it’s what I know,” she had said to Darcy.  Darcy had replied, “I wouldn’t even begin to know where to hit the new machines with wrenches to make them work properly.  It would be a nightmare.”)  Week two had brought them to the realization that they could get Jarvis to alert them to Tony entering the lab, and they could set up an alarm if he tried to mess with their machines.  (“I must advise you that this will probably only work once as Sir will change my programming in retaliation,” Jarvis had informed them.  “Got it,” Darcy said, pulling out a notebook and glitter gel pen, “Back-up plans it is.”)               Week three had come on the heels of Jane and Darcy completing “Back-up Plan L” in Darcy’s notebook.  They were discussing the pros and cons of trapping some wild raccoons to keep in the lab when the man himself strolled in after Jarvis’s short warning of, “Sir is coming.  Batten down the hatches, bishes,” just like Darcy had bribed him to.  (She wanted him to say “bitches,” but he had moral objections.  At the time, Darcy hadn’t slept in nearly 20 hours and wasn’t in the frame of mind to even contemplate that statement.)              “Dr. Foster!” Tony said cheerily as he wandered in, “I’ve come to steal your intern for a few minutes.  I’ll have back in no time, and then we can discuss these garbage heaps you call scientific equipment.”              Darcy and Jane looked at each other.  One of the lab rules they had written was that getting Stark out of the lab was always a priority, especially if it bought time for the other to prepare one of the plans.  And that is how Darcy Lewis found herself shrugging and following Tony Stark over to his lab without so much as an actual introduction.              Once they were in the lab, Darcy sat on top of a lab table, waiting for Stark to explain himself.              “So Bruce and Pepper are convinced you’re so much like me that you must be my daughter,” Tony said as he grabbed a kit from a drawer.  “So to prove them wrong, I need to sample your blood.”              Darcy stared at him.  She had been preparing for this.  She had been positive that her soulmate must know the Avengers based on the names “Bruce” and “Pepper” being in her mark, but somehow she had never put it together that it would be Tony.  She realized that as she had sat in wonder, he had been preparing a blood draw kit.              “Hold up there Dracula!” She said, taking on a defensive pose, “You come at me with that needle and I will tase your balls off, which would be a shame for both of us.”              The kit dropped from Tony’s hand, needle bouncing on the floor.              “Did you just…” he stammered.              “Say your soulmark?  I think so.  Or, I hope so because who else in this tower do Bruce and Pepper think I might be the spawn of if I didn’t?  Oh shit!  Am I going to meet yet another set of people named Bruce and Pepper?!”              “Show me,” he said, getting very serious.              “Uhhhh,” Darcy said blushing, “it’s kind of in a private spot.  How ‘bout let’s start with you showing me yours.”              “I’m pretty sure ours are in similar locations,” Stark said, waggling his eyebrows at her.              “Is yours…”              “Inside my thigh?  Yes,” he said, both finishing and answering her question.              “We’re not going to be able to move forward with this conversation until you’ve seen the mark, will we?”              “Nope,” he said, popping the “p” making at least one similarity pretty clear to Darcy.              She unbuttoned her jeans and dropped them down to her knees so she could twist her leg open for him to see the mark.  She sent up a silent prayer of thanks that she had on clean underwear, and that she and Jane had not been scienceing so hard that they both had lost track of time and smelled like a bender.              Tony ran his finger over her mark, and it felt like static electricity building beneath his fingers and dancing on her skin.              “Yeah, that’s mine,” he said almost reverently.               Darcy pulled her pants back up.  "Your turn then, playboy.  Drop ‘em!”              Tony made quick work of his pants, pulling up the hem of his Iron Man boxers so she could see her handwriting looping up into his pelvic bone.              “Well I’m convinced,” she said.              “So how do you want to go about this?  I mean, being my soulmate’s going to come with a lot of issues,” he said apologetically.              A ridiculous idea sprung into Darcy’s mind.  “How much would you like to fuck with everyone here?  Perhaps a friendly wager, even?”              “I’m listening,” h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
I Don't Even Know

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark

