Chapter 1: February
    




Chapter Text
Waking up alone was always the worst part.  Tony used to like to curl around him, insisted on being the bigger spoon, and complained frequently about Steve’s body heat.  Now it was nothing but cool blankets against him and the complete silence. Tony used to snore, it wasn’t loud or obnoxious, it was just a few soft, nasally breaths against Steve’s skin.  He used to kiss Steve in the mornings, run his mouth casually over every inch of available skin and whisper repeatedly about how much he loved him.  It broke Steve’s heart to think he may have thrown that all away.The house was quiet when Steve took his sketchbook out into the living room, only the gentle sound of Sam shifting in his bed in the other room.  Tony was still in California with Bucky and Rhodey, both there to help him through his recent injuries and stop him from falling further into his self-destructive behaviors.  Natasha and Sam had come back to DC with him, making that three Avengers in DC in case of an emergency, three more in California, Thor in London, and Clint off doing whatever he did in times of peace when he wasn’t wandering around the tower.  If there was a large scale attack, there would always be someone close enough get there within the hour with backup on the way.  It was the most strategically sound position for the team.Moving into Sam’s house had been almost too easy.  He couldn’t go back to the penthouse, not with Tony gone and the constant reminders that he had abandoned his lover.  He couldn’t go back to his apartment in the tower, which was bare and empty since he moved into Tony’s rooms.  Sam was his friend, they fought together, they got along, and although he felt guilty intruding on his friend it wasn’t like it was the first time it had ever happened.  It was a comfortable place and Steve was desperate for some company at this point so he allowed himself to take refuge in Sam’s guest room.  “What do you want for breakfast?”  Sam said, walking out of his bedroom and out into the living room.  “If you’re not gonna pick then I’m going to make pancakes. I’m in the mood for pancakes.”Steve shrugged.  “I don’t know.  I’m not too hungry.”Sam didn’t answer.  He just stared at Steve, blinking slowly with a thoughtful expression on his face.  It was still early and for a while Steve wondered if Sam would join him for breakfast or leave him alone with his thoughts.  Maybe, if it was a good day, they could go jogging together or put on their uniforms and visit the Children’s Hospital.  Tony always loved doing that, he saved at least one Saturday every month for visiting a different hospital and children were always thrilled to have Iron Man there specifically to spend time with them.Maybe Tony would pick up the phone today, he never did when Steve called to tell him ‘Good Morning’ or to wish him sweet dreams.  Maybe they could have a chance to talk and he could convince Tony how sincere he was with his apologies and then things might somehow work out between them.  Maybe, just maybe, Steve wouldn’t have to lose Tony forever.Steve snapped out of the memories and hopeful thoughts as Sam took his empty sketchbook filled with blank pages out of his hands and replaced it with a plate piled high with pancakes.  Sam’s pancakes always tasted a little bit better than normal pancakes and he refused to give up the secret, not even Natasha had figured it out yet.  The fact that he had blueberry syrup just made everything so much sweeter.  Sam’s music was playing on the stereo, family photos were framed and sitting on shelves and tables, and little knickknacks or souvenirs littered the apartment.  It felt lived in and showed all the evidence of life.  His and Tony’s shared penthouse after he had left it was almost dead, all of the little reminders of Tony and what they had once had were lifeless memories that were more painful than pleasant.“Do you think I have a chance of getting him back?”  Steve said, staring down at his plate.  “Do you think that once these six months are up that he’ll trust me again?”Sam sighed, shaking his head slowly.  “No, man. I don’t think he’ll trust you.  I think, best case scenario, that at the end of this and he decides that going back to you is the best thing for him, then he’ll give you a chance to earn his trust back.  You made a mistake, it happens to the best of us, but sweeping it under the rug and pretending it never happened isn’t going to help anybody.”“Yeah, you’re right.” Steve said as he nodded.  He cut off a piece of his pancakes and took a bite. He wondered, briefly, what everyone back in California was doing. ~~~ Tony didn’t answer the phone, but Bucky did.  “Hey, Stevie. How are you doing?”It was a surprise, Steve had been expecting to hear Tony’s voice message letting him know that the call was going to voicemail, hear that familiar voice telling him that he would ‘get back to his call whenever he could, which would probably be never’.  “Bucky.  Hi.  Are
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Break Up
Steve Feels
Steve Angst
Tony Feels
Steve Needs a Hug
Abandonment
Self-Hatred
Guilt
Friendship/Love
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Misunderstandings
Steve Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism

fandom: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

