Work Text:
Craving… aka, that time Darcy helped Steve after he got hit with Sex Pollen…***After the Ultron debacle, Steve and Natasha worked the new Avengers hard, whipping them into shape as a TEAM. Individually, they had amazing abilities. Vision and Scarlet Witch seemed to develop new capabilities daily. Sometimes, the team split into units, and completed missions that way. This week, Natasha took Scarlet Witch and Vision to end a Human-trafficking ring run by a nefarious mystic in Nepal. Steve took War Machine and Falcon to shut down a Hydra base in the Middle East.Steve wanted to build up War Machine and Falcon’s confidence. They were both tactical thinkers and strong fighters, but human. On the other hand, unlike Steve… both could fly. The Hydra soldiers they battled wore gas masks. When women were brought out of the Hydra base in oversized cages, and a green mist filled the air, the two flyers continued firing from their vantage point above. Sam cried out with distress as his weapons fire took out one of the women along with her captors. Rhodey’s rockets blew up the other two cages along with the squadron of soldiers around them. He was sorry about the collateral damage, but certain the gas and cages added up to a trap.Steve realized later that the flyers’ high altitude was what saved both of them from the torment that Hydra unleashed on him that day. The Hydra scientists never knew their formula worked. War Machine and Falcon stayed above it.  With his enhanced strength (and Steve Rogers’ innate stubbornness), Captain America didn’t give into its effects until long after they’d been killed for their supposed failure.On the flight back to base, Steve was quiet. This wasn’t unusual, so the others let him have the peace he seemed to want. Sam noticed once or twice that Steve’s fingers betrayed an odd restlessness, and that his face was flushed. Steve touched his lips, rubbed his fingers together, made fists, laid his hands flat against his legs, and sat in an unnaturally still pose. He sighed a lot with irregular breathing, even made noises Sam hadn’t heard him make before. After they returned to base, Steve spent the afternoon and evening at the punching bag, and said nothing to others. He seemed preoccupied, almost touchy. He wouldn’t look at anyone, and went out of his way to turn away from people. Sam thought that if his friend was equally unsocial the next day, he’d ask about it. For now, he’d respect his Captain’s privacy.***That night, Steve couldn’t sleep. He couldn’t eat. He couldn’t think straight. His pulse galloped and his skin felt too tight, especially in his groin. Everything he did or thought seemed to induce more sexual frustration, eventually painful. Exercise failed to chase it from his thoughts. Cold showers did nothing. Self-pleasure gave nothing more than an instant of relief before he was passion’s slave again. He masturbated for hours, in vain. He sank down the wall of his shower, crying with frustration as he hardened again. Physically and mentally, all that filled him was the craving for a woman, and despair that he didn’t have and hadn’t ever had one.Steve Rogers was a proud, dignified man. He was a gentleman in every sense of the word. And, while he’d loved and had hope of more with a special woman once, time passed them by. She lived, loved, and aged while he lay trapped in Arctic ice. More recently, Steve discovered that he thoroughly failed his best friend, and left him to be tortured in enemy hands for decades. Losing everything and everyone he’d ever known had left its mark. Mourning and full of despair, he didn’t even look at women around him. He avoided all temptation.Steve was a virgin. And, he was scared. People’s matchmaking attempts terrified him. He feared being humiliated because his lack of practical intimate knowledge so mismatched his new physique. He feared not living up to, or tarnishing, his image as Captain America. He feared his serum-enhanced body overcoming even modern birth control measures to cause unwanted pregnancy. Most of all, he lived in terror of losing control and physically harming a sexual partner. So, he stayed busy and did his best to avoid thinking about sex.But, now… he WANTED. His cock was rock hard. His balls ached. His discomfort wasn’t limited to that area, though. His entire body pulsed with fiery torment. His blood felt as though it was boiling inside of him, and his skin was getting more sensitive by the moment as waves of painful arousal cut across it. His nerves were sending signals of distress that almost overloaded his brain. His body chemistry went haywire. His emotions spiraled downwards. He strained with needs he didn’t understand- the desire to taste a woman, a dizzying need to have a woman’s soft lips on his cock, infinite craving to plunge into a woman again and again. The images alone caused him to cum again. He cried out, agonized. He realized that everything happening, along with the way his heart was racing and his br
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Explicit Sexual Content
i can't believe i wrote sex pollen :O

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

