Work Text:
Franklin Nelson.
That was the name of the man who owned him.
Matt scowled in the vague direction of the dorm room door, shifting his duffel bag to a more comfortable position over his shoulder.  Technically speaking, Franklin didn't "own" him.  It was closer to a rental, or perhaps indentured servitude.  The Program referred to it as "a mutually beneficial partnership agreement," but the Program had also acidly informed him that he was lucky to have been selected by a Patron at all, since he was blind and therefore defective, so the Program could go to hell as far as Matt was concerned.
They'd actually used the word "defective."  Matt knew it was a technical term and that he'd rated high on most of the Program's other grading matrices.  He'd still broken a chair when he'd gotten off the phone with them.
But there weren't many options for a blind orphan from the wrong end of Hell's Kitchen.  The money from his father's last fight wouldn't get him far enough.  If he wanted to be a lawyer, the Program was his best - maybe his only - choice.
The nuns hadn't liked it, but he was eighteen and old enough to apply.  He wasn't sure who would want a blind Companion, but he'd been told by enough people that he'd grown up to be handsome that he’d thought he might have a chance of being selected.  And if he ended up with someone who was specifically looking for a particularly vulnerable Companion, well...
Matt's frown gave way to a predatory smile.  If Franklin Nelson tried anything Matt didn't feel like putting up with, he'd learn the hard way that "blind" didn't mean "helpless."
He could hear Franklin inside the room: a steady heartbeat, even breathing, the brush of long hair against his shoulders.  There was slightly tinny music coming out of his computer speakers, and he was mumbling to himself, or maybe to the computer: "Come on, come on..."  He smelled like nice shampoo and cotton and the faintest whiff of French fries.
Matt added it to the pitifully small mental file he had on Franklin: eighteen, from New York like Matt, a fellow freshman.  It wasn't a lot, but it was enough to build some assumptions.  Matt was probably a gift from Mommy and Daddy Nelson, there to write Franklin's papers for him and perhaps occasionally provide some...additional stress management assistance.  Matt could write papers like a pro, and as for the rest...well, he'd handle that when it came up.
Of course, Franklin was probably also an entitled prick.  But Matt wouldn't find out for sure by standing out here all day.
He knocked, then pushed the door open.  "Excuse me, is this Room 312?"
"Yeah, who you looking for?"
Matt winced.  An inauspicious start, to say the least.
He sensed Franklin looking up and an uptick in heart rate and body heat - attraction or embarrassment, Matt wasn't sure.  "Oh, uh...sorry."
"What for?"  Matt wasn't going to make this easy for him.
"You're...blind, right?"
Huh.  Maybe he hadn’t been chosen for his blindness; maybe it had been an oversight, no pun intended.  "Yeah, so they tell me."  Matt made a show of feeling for the bed before dumping his bag on it.  "I hope that won't be a problem."
"Why would it?"  And there it was, the beat of realization.  "Oh, you're - you're my Companion!  Matthew Murdock, right?"
"Yep."
And Matt waited.  There were three options here: 
1. Franklin would stammer uncomfortably that there must have been some mix-up, that he was sure Matt was very nice but that he needed a sighted Companion for...well, whatever he wanted a Companion for, from running errands to writing Franklin's papers for him to spending the next seven years on his knees.  There'd be a hasty call to the Program and Matt would be quietly switched out.
2. Franklin would throw a rich boy tantrum amounting to essentially the same thing.  Either way, there went Matt's Patron, and with him, Matt’s degree.
3. Franklin would be a little too excited about having a blind Companion, and Matt would see how well he could smile through his revulsion.  For seven years.  If he didn't snap and break Franklin's nose first.
"Oh Jesus, this is so embarrassing," Franklin said.  "I can't believe my parents did this to me."
Matt blinked.  Apparently there was a fourth option.
"I'm sorry?"
Franklin sighed.  "I told them in no uncertain terms that I didn't want a Companion, so of course what do they do but announce right before they drop me off here that they've hired one for me?  I mean, no offense.  I'm sure you're very nice..."
And there it was.
"...but the whole thing's kind of gross, I mean, don't you think?  There have to be better ways to make the system work for everyone than basically selling people."
Matt couldn't really stare, but he was pretty sure he was gaping.
"Oh man, I'm sorry!" Franklin said.  "That was super rude, wasn't it?  I mean, what the hell do I know, right?  Your life, your choices."  Matt sensed him shrugging.  "But you hear about the sort of things that happen to Companions and...I don't know.  I feel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Alternate Universe - Sex Slave
It's really sort of halfway between hookerfic and sex slave AUs
We've got us a Goldilocks situation here

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

