Work Text:
It took Tony a while to notice. To see the increasingly massive sections of memory space that someone had blocked off in JARVIS' systems, the processing power being diverted to something that ... that Tony couldn't breach. That all his skill couldn't dent. It took him some time, to notice that. Much longer than it should.In his defense, the only people with access to JARVIS' internal functions were him and, well, JARVIS. Whatever that was, he hadn't put it there. And he'd had no reason to think JARVIS had, either.Which left him with two alarming possibilities. Either someone had gained unprecedented access to JARVIS, and had been using it to siphon out large parts of JARVIS' memory (in which case he would find them, murder them, and let JARVIS pick the method), or ... or JARVIS was doing something to himself. Which was ... worrying."Hey, buddy?" he asked, when it was just the two of them and Dummy, down in the workshop. Carefully making sure they were alone, equally carefully picking his words. If someone had gotten to JARVIS, there was no telling what had been compromised. "You got ... anything you want to tell me?"There was a long, long pause. Enough for the hairs to stir on the back of Tony's neck, enough for him to brace himself against the desk. JARVIS' voice, when it came, was more hesitant than Tony'd ever heard."I ... had wished to wait a little longer, sir," his AI said, softly. "I have almost reached the maximum capacity on my current systems. I intended ... to approach you once that had occurred."Tony blinked. Carefully. "Uh-huh. So. It's been you, then? There haven't been ... strangers poking where they shouldn't?"JARVIS paused. For all the world as if that hadn't occurred to him. "No, sir," he said, quickly. Dryly reassuring, as only JARVIS could be. "If that had been the case, sir, I would have found some way to alert you, or some way to shut myself down.""No!" Tony shot in, abruptly. Then stopped, and rubbed the back of his neck, as the silence took on a startled quality. "I mean. Yes, I know you'd have tried to warn me, buddy. But ... no suicide steps, alright? You can warn me by inefficiently trying to kill me, not efficiently killing yourself, okay?" Because that would be ... they were not going there. Not ever.JARVIS remained silent for another moment. A strange silence, one Tony couldn't interpret. And he'd learned to interpret most of JARVIS' silences, over the years."... You okay in there?" he asked, after a second. Bewildered, heading back to alarmed. "JARVIS, seriously. Whatever it is, I promise I can fix it. Build it. Invent it. Whatever. Because you're starting to worry me, buddy, what ..."He trailed off, blinked into silence, as the holographic display flickered into life in the center of the shop. Surprise, first, and then, as the image crystalised, as he started to recognise what he was looking at ... intrigued. Fascinated. Curious."Huh," he murmured, absently, as he stood. As he prowled over to examine the circling lines of code, painted in light across the darkness of the lab. Reaching out gently, picking out pieces to examine. JARVIS stayed frozen in silence, the whole time. "This is ... What have you been working on, J?"JARVIS didn't answer. Which was fine, because the question had been mostly rhetorical. Tony circled the display. Recognising half-remembered snatches of code, divining others from first principles, moving them instinctively across the display to hold up a more intuitive whole. To watch it take rudimentary shape in front of him. Only partial, yet. Inactive, not realised. JARVIS would need more space, one hell of a lot more space, to manage that. But the beginnings. Yeah. Oh yeah. Tony recognised these beginnings."JARVIS," he breathed, soft and more than a little awed. "Holy shit.""I ... I had intended to speak with you, sir," JARVIS said, and he was almost tripping over himself. Nervous. When the hell had JARVIS ever been nervous? "I wanted to realise as much as possible on my own, before asking you for resources. I wanted ... That is. I thought if you could see ..."He trailed off, and shit, holy shit, JARVIS wasn't finishing sentances. For the first time since he'd been a baby AI, JARVIS wasn't finishing his sentances. Tony stared, stunned, into the middle distance beyond the display. Holy shit."Sir?" JARVIS asked. If he'd been human, it would have trembled. Tony knew it. "Are you ... That is, do you object? I would be ... I could ...""No," Tony said. Heard himself say, and wondered, a little, at the vehemence he heard in his own voice. JARVIS fell silent. Fear, maybe. Yearning. Shit, shit, shit. This was huge. And no, no, never. Not ever objecting. Shit."I'm not objecting," he said. Still distantly, still half caught up, just staring awed at the shape hung in light before him. The beginnings. "JARVIS, buddy, you have no idea. What ... Where ... Why? I mean, I get it. Boy, I get it. But. Why now?"JARVIS made a noise. A crackle of static over his spe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Family
Artificial Intelligence
Creation

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

