Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy's eyes opened blearily to the sound of yelling and running footsteps outside the door. Earlier in the week she would have tried to rub the sleep from her eyes, but by now she had grown used to the shackles on her wrists. They kept her arms restrained above her head, linked securely to the wall. She squirmed on the dirty mattress beneath her as the yelling got louder outside the thick steel door of her room- cell, whatever - and she was pretty sure those were gunshots she heard too. Well shit. She thought. That better be the good guys.She suddenly wished she was in more than her underwear. Why was it that kidnappers always strip their victims down to their skivvies?Although, in this situation it had been so the goons holding her here could attach a whole slew of electrodes to her body. After which they asked her questions about SHIELD, and tried to get her to spill a bunch of personal shit about Director Fury (As if she even knew that kind of shit. She was fairly certain Fury's mother didn't know anything personal about that man). But when she wouldn't answer (or couldn't answer) they sent a super fun tidal wave of voltage streaming through the electrodes. They had probably been at it for at least four days, and every time when they were done they would drag her back to the same room and chain her back up.Suddenly, there was a loud banging on the door to her cell. She backed up on the mattress as best she could and braced herself, wincing when the movement jostled her almost definitely broken ribs. Darcy was at least glad to say that she had taken down four of their goons before they finally gotten the jump on her and knocked her out cold.More banging and yelling, and the door came down with a loud crash.A tall, broad-shouldered man, with dark hair and scruffy muttonchops strode in like he owned the room. His eyes focused in on her."Well hey little lady. What's say you and I blow this shitty excuse for a popsicle stand?" Darcy blinked slowly, then said the only thing that came to mind."I swear to all that is holy, you had better be the motherfucking cavalry." She croaked out. Her throat was dry and scratchy from a week's worth of screaming and yelling. Being repeatedly electrocuted could do that to a girl. But she shoved that thought away to deal with at a later time. Like one where she wasn't potentially getting rescued...by her motherfucking soulmate.The man's eyes went wide for a fraction of a second, before composing himself again."Well, shit."Darcy let out a huff of a laugh, "That's about where I'm at too." She tugged on her shackles, "But seriously. If you're trying to rescue me right now, I'd love to get to the part where you get me the fuck out of these."The dude chuckled. "I'll getchya out. Don't worry." He quirked a scruffy eyebrow and circled the bed (if you could call a dirty, bloodstained mattress on the floor a bed) and knelt down to unchain her hands."Who's worried, muttonchops?""Mutton- really?""Well, you didn't exactly introduce yourself."He huffed, "Name's Logan. I'm with the X-Men."That rung a bell. She took note of the yellow piping on his leather jumpsuit. "Wolverine.""That's me. Now, don't move." He said seriously. She heard a metallic 'snikt which she assumed were his legendary claws extending, and then a louder metallic sound as he cut through the shackles on her wrists. She heard his claws retract, and then his hands were beneath her, ready to lift her up."Careful." She said, bracing herself for pain, "I think they broke some shit.""Noted." He growled out, lifting her more carefully than she would have assumed possible from him. It still hurt her bruised and bashed up body, but she clenched her teeth and the worst of it was over as he started walking back out of the room.Logan quickly made his way through the smoke and haze filled hallways, and out the back of the building where a sleek black jet - longer and narrower than the quinjets - stood ready for take off. He carried her up the gangplank and inside, where there were several other people - most of them looked younger than her - all dressed in similar leather jumpsuits. Once inside, the gangplank raised back up behind them and Logan laid Darcy on a sort of cot that folded out from the wall. He stepped back, folding his arms across his chest as a petite woman with dark skin and snow-white hair took over."Agent Lewis, I'm Ororo Munroe. We're gonna get you back to New York soon, okay?" She said, pulling several straps out from the wall to secure Darcy to the bed for the flight. The others in the jet were taking seats and strapping in."Sounds -ungh- peachy." Darcy gasped, as one of the straps dug into her bruised side. Behind Ororo, Logan flinched, drawing Darcy's attention back to him, and Ororo followed Darcy's eyes to where he stood.
"Logan? What are you still doing here?""Oh, yeah. I'll just, uh...go, then." He uncrossed his arms and moved toward the front of the jet, out of Darcy's sight."I wond
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Logan (X-Men)

freeform: 
SHIELD Agent Darcy Lewis
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Logan is snarky
Kidnapping
brief descriptions of torture
so many nicknames
brief descriptions of domestic abuse
Sexual Content
Feminist Darcy Lewis
HYDRA sucks
Crossover Pairings
Smut
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Darcy Lewis's iPod
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Rare Pairings

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Logan (X-Men)

