Work Text:
Steve lost track of how many times he'd almost shot off before he got the nerve to push away from Bucky's hands and his wicked mouth. "Bucky, can you--I need..."He needed to come, or at least to catch his breath. He felt dizzy and drunk from being so close to the edge for so long.Bucky just looked at him for a moment, dazed, like he was as lost as Steve was. That made him feel better even before Bucky said, "Of course, sweetheart. I'm being greedy, aren't I? Take your time."Steve couldn't help smiling back. The whole front of the chemise was wet from Bucky's mouth where it wasn't soaked from Steve sweating through it. His nipples were so red they showed right through the wet silk, and the lacy hem was pushed up to his hips, puddling over his cock. He was harder than he'd ever been in his life, his whole length a desperate purple-red.Bucky was just about as wound up, Steve realized, looking down at his pants. There was a wet spot where the head of his cock was straining against the cloth, and he was breathing nearly as hard as Steve was, for all he was still perfectly buttoned up. There was a smear of pink lipstick under his lower lip.Steve touched his own mouth. His lips were wet and tingling, and all the lipstick seemed to be gone now. He swallowed hard, already wanting to kiss Bucky again and knowing it would just end the same way it had the last dozen times--with Bucky still not letting him finish."You thirsty, honey?" Bucky asked, squeezing his hands on Steve's hips over the chemise. "Should I go get you a lemonade?"Steve nodded. He was nearly sure there wasn't any actual lemonade in the apartment, and honestly if there was he'd drink a gallon of it right now. "Please, Bucky.""Of course." Bucky twisted to deposit Steve on the couch without letting him stand. Steve grabbed the cushions on either side of him with both hands while Bucky fiddled with the chemise, tugging the hem down as far as it would go over the obscene thrust of Steve's dick. Bucky kissed his forehead and then straightened up. "You're not gonna get into trouble if I leave you alone for a minute, will you, angel?"Steve shook his head. "I'll be good.""That's my girl," Bucky murmured, flicking his fingers through Steve's hair to neaten it before he walked away. He didn't even go out of Steve's sight, really, but Steve was still tempted to shove the chemise up and finish himself off in the ten seconds Bucky had his back turned. He could do it, he was close enough, it wouldn't take more than a few touches.He didn't. He had promised to be good.Bucky straightened up from the icebox with a bottle of beer in his hand. He opened it and took a long drink while he stood there, just looking at Steve. Steve looked back, trembling with the effort of keeping still."You're just as pretty as a picture, babydoll, you know that?" Steve licked his lips, and Bucky snapped his fingers as he took another drink of beer."You're right," he said when he lowered the bottle. "Of course. I'll be right back." Bucky set his beer down on the table and hurried off into the bedroom. Now he really was out of sight. Steve held on tight to the couch cushions and didn't even let himself squirm. He barely breathed.When Bucky came back it was just to lean over Steve, dropping something into his lap as he pressed a kiss to Steve's hot cheek. "There you go, babydoll. Now I'll get you that nice cool drink."Steve looked down and bit his lip to hold back a moan. The shiny silver tube of the lipstick was lying right in the crease of his hip. Steve had to let go of the couch cushion and pick it up and put more lipstick on, all while not touching his dick. He did it, every motion careful and deliberate. First he made his right hand let go of the cushion, and then he picked up the little tube. His hands were shaking, so it took a couple of tries before he could get it open. He closed his eyes, opened his mouth, and swiped the lipstick on by feel.When he opened his eyes, Bucky was standing there holding a dainty little half-pint glass Steve couldn't remember ever seeing in their kitchen before, filled with something that had better be beer. "You've got just a little..." Bucky reached out and rubbed along the underside of Steve's lip with his thumb. "There, doll. Perfect. Here's your lemonade."Bucky took the lipstick from Steve's hand, pressing the cool glass into his grip.Steve let his eyes close as he took a sip--beer, thank God. He opened his eyes to see whether Bucky thought he was being properly ladylike and found that Bucky was leaning back in the far corner of the couch, taking another long pull from his bottle of beer.Steve watched the motion of Bucky's throat as he swallowed. He had an idea that seemed, right then, like it might save him from completely losing his mind before Bucky let him finish off.Bucky wanted him to play along, didn't he? So he'd play, and play to win.Steve took another sip of beer, lowering his gaze and ducking his head as demurely as he knew how. H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Feminization
Crossdressing
Roleplay
Under-negotiated Kink
Established Relationship
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

