Work Text:
Clint has made an art out of driving his colleagues to the breaking point. Given how often it had gotten him shot  in his mercenary days it was probably more than a little self-destructive as hobbies went, but fuck, nothing had ever given him as much of a kick as finding that weak point and hammering it until some over-controlled ass just went to pieces. The tighter their control, the better it was watching them lose it.
Which makes Phil Coulson, Senior Field Agent in Charge, the ultimate brass ring.
Clint has never in his life met anyone as tightly wrapped as Coulson. They've run half a dozen ops together, now, and while every other agent has taken a potshot--verbal or otherwise--at Clint, Coulson is as cool as a cucumber even when threatening disciplinary action. Clint is getting obsessed. His comm chatter has reached whole new levels of snark. He's picked fights with other agents. He's argued with field logistics. He's tossed every kind of insult he can think of. He's even taken a swing at the guy, but nothing, not even a flinch. Clint hasn't disobeyed orders--he doesn't actually want to get canned from SHIELD--but he's starting to think about it, just to see what that ridiculous calm is covering.
The breakthrough, when it comes, is completely accidental and shows Clint that he's been using entirely the wrong strategy. For once, he's not thinking about Coulson. They've just finished a two man op in Texas and it's probably a thousand degrees outside. Clint is tired ad sweaty and all he wants when they get back to their tiny hotel room is a cool shower and about ten hours of sleep. He starts stripping the second he's inside the room and he's naked by the time he gets to the bathroom door. When he opens it, the angle is just right to show him Coulson in the bathroom mirror. And the direction of Coulson's gaze makes it pretty damn clear that he's looking at Clint's ass.
Clint closes the door and takes his shower, but his mind is racing now. Usually when someone he works with wants him, it just makes them angrier at him. But Clint has already tried sexually charged insults, and they didn't work any better than the rest. On the other hand, if he can't get Mr. Professional to take a swing at him, maybe he can get him to make a pass, instead.
Clint's never fucked a guy before, much less tried to seduce one, but he knows Coulson finds him attractive, so he figures he'll pay attention and improvise as he goes. Showing off his ass at every opportunity is step one, and yeah, now that he knows what to look for Clint definitely catches Coulson checking him out. Step two is scaling down his misbehavior in the field; he doesn't want irritation to overwhelm attraction, but he keeps it up enough to hold Coulson's attention. Step three comes when Coulson makes what could almost be a throwaway comment about the archery improving Clint's upper body strength; sleeveless shirts become his new best friend.
He stalls there for a bit, but a visit to a gay bar to trade raunchy anecdotes (all invented on his part) yields some new tactics. He doesn't want to keep anything in his mouth in the field, so sucking on shit isn't an option, but chewing his own lips until they're red and swollen gets Coulson staring at his mouth just as much. 
A couple of weeks of that makes it pretty clear that Coulson is very good at "Look, but don't touch," so Clint takes care of that hurdle himself. It's startlingly easy to find excuses to put his hands on Coulson, to rub up against him, and the more he does it, the more Coulson's ingrained restraint breaks down, at least when it comes to Clint. It makes him a little giddy, the way he can make buttoned down Agent Coulson lean into lingering touches, even reach out first, sometimes.
Clint's getting close, he knows he is. He just needs one more good, hard push to send Coulson over the edge. He almost laughs in glee when a mission goes off the rails and forces the two of them to dive into a tiny closet together. They're pressed together from knee to shoulder in the dark, silent except for the rush of their breath as they listen to their pursuit thunder by outside the door. They start out face to face, but when it's been quiet for a while Coulson says, "Get us out of here, Agent," and Clint has an excuse to turn around and tuck his ass into the curve of Coulson's hips. He has to be able to get at the door, right? The door, which is locked. Clint leans his head against it and laughs out loud.
Coulson sighs. "Let me guess," he says. "We're locked in."
"Yes, sir," Clint says, grinning.
"I know you're capable of picking that lock."
"Yes, sir." He's damn sure going to take his time, though. And there will be a lot of bending over and shifting position.
Coulson may be Mr. Professional, but he's still human. By the time Clint pops the door open, he's been grinding his ass into the man's dick for a good twenty minutes and Coulson isn't just hard, he straining at his pants and his breathing is far too even
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
mild possessive behavior
Barebacking

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

