Work Text:
I.The moment that Asgard was blessed with warmer temperatures after a particularly harsh winter, Thor ran outside to play as fast as his little legs could carry him.  Loki never minded the winter, not really, but Thor could not stand it.  Sunshine was warmth, and warmth was good, as far as he was concerned.  They were young princes, after all, and princes deserved the sun.Loki followed him because Loki followed Thor everywhere, whether or not he even wanted to; even when Loki protested when Thor dragged him by the hand on whatever adventure his brain schemed for the day, Loki still went along with it.  But on this brilliant afternoon, both boys were aglow with smiles and cheerful laughter as they ran through the soft grass, kicking up old, fallen leaves and fresh weeds.When his lungs ached too much to continue forward, Thor flopped onto the ground with a breathless laugh, shaggy blond locks covering his face, which had gone rosy from exertion.“I’m still faster than you,” Thor said with a grin, tilting his head up to see what Loki’s response would be.His smile wilted when Loki was not beside him.Loki was always next to him.  What could have distracted his little brother so?Thor pushed himself onto his grass-stained knees and saw just what, or rather, who caught Loki’s attention.A young maiden, her golden hair perfectly plaited and eyes the color of the sky, stood before Loki, offering him a bright yellow flower.  Even from a distance, Thor could see Loki’s face contort into confusion before softening, a shy smile gracing his pale face.  Thor didn’t know who she was, but the sight bothered him.  She was distracting Loki when they were supposed to be playing together, which was simply unacceptable.  Besides, she was a girl, and at this age, girls and flowers and romance were still quite yucky.  It would seem that Thor would have to remind Loki of that fact.Pouting, Thor stomped over to the two, chubby fists clenched in anger.  Loki turned when hearing Thor’s footsteps, but before he could say anything, Thor swiped the flower out of Loki’s hand and onto the ground, stomping on it with one boot.“It’s a stupid gift.  Come on, we have stuff to do,” Thor insisted, sending a glare to the little girl, whose pretty eyes were wide and filling with tears.He saw the hurt and confusion in Loki’s eyes just as he turned away, sprinting off through the field again.*IIYears later, Thor would cross paths with the maiden once more.Rich music and the sound of laughter filled the court, and Thor watched with little interest as the dancers spun around the hall, whimsical and graceful.  Thor never cared much for the balls that Asgard held; the only good part was the seemingly endless supply of food.  But as a prince, his mother insisted that he and Loki attended.He heaved a loud sigh as he slouched in his seat, arms petulantly crossed.  Beside him, Loki sat utterly still, eyes trained on the dancers with a peculiar curiosity.  Thor arched a brow and nudged his elbow into Loki’s boney ribs, ignoring the hiss of pain his brother gave.“See someone you like?” Thor said, voice teasing.  He meant for the question to sound nonchalant and idle, though it was anything but that.  In truth, he wondered if Loki did have his eye on anyone as of yet.  They were older now, and while still blessed with youth, Thor knew they were growing, changing – both in body and spirit.Loki shrugged, but his eyes never left the dancers.  Thor scoffed, and his arms crossed even tighter.From the sea of dancers, a young woman garbed in a gossamer blue gown stepped forward, carefully approaching the two princes.  Thor recognized her at once – the young maiden that had offered Loki the flower so many years ago.  He had seen her since, naturally, though thought little of her.  All he came to learn of her was that she was the daughter of one of the head guards.  She too had grown, gentle face shining with an innocent beauty.  Thor acknowledged that she was quite pretty indeed, and maybe he would have even come to like her if she hadn’t taken such an obvious shine to Loki.Sure enough, she bowed before the two before smiling at Loki.  “Would you care to dance?”Thor felt his jaw drop.  A bold request, one that he did not expect from this seemingly shy woman.  Apparently there was more to her than what met the eye; Thor would have admired such courage had it not been placed before Loki.Loki blinked in surprise, apparently just as caught off-guard as Thor.  But if the beginning of a smile was any kind of sign, Thor assumed that Loki planned to accept that offer, which made his stomach churn.  Loki, his Loki, to be whisked away so easily by a pretty face?  Not while Thor was around.He extended one arm across Loki’s chest to hold him back, eyes never leaving the woman’s face.  “He doesn’t dance,” he said, voice firm.For a moment, the two stared one another down, both sets of blue eyes an angry storm.  At last, the woman left with a huff, disappearing in the mix of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sexual Tension
Possessive Behavior
Kink Meme

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Tony Stark

