Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Loki got back from his daily walk, there was someone in his flat.
Again.
Loki opened the door slowly, gathering himself to defend or attack if necessary, and ended up simply staring at the human, quite unremarkable in appearance (that already made him different from the others), sitting at the desk and drinking a cup of his tea. “Luke’s the name you’re going by?” he said, setting down the cup and standing up. “Hello. I’m Agent Phil Coulson. I thought maybe it was time we had a real talk. You’re a hard man to get in touch with.”
It would be quite easy, Loki mused, to rip out this Agent’s throat with his bare hands. He did not think that his landlady would approve, though, and he had become a touch fond of the old woman. He stayed where he was. 
“I do not take kindly to intruders,” he informed his guest. The Agent half smiled. 
“You can talk to your landlady. She let me in. Good woman. Said you were a – ‘nice young man.’” 
Loki revised his affection of Ms. Fairfax downwards very slightly. He was certain he had had words with her, after last time. “Are you here for a reason,” he said, with deliberate politeness, “Or may I escort you out?” Preferably, he let his tone imply, out a window. 
“Well,” said Agent Phil Coulson. “We’ve been trying to talk to you for months.”
Ah, Loki thought, so it is another one. Though this one, at least, seemed slightly different from the others. Months, as well, that helped. “Is that what the clumsy attempts at kidnapping were for?” 
Coulson looked unapologetic. “Well, actually, yes. We’re very curious, and you seemed like an interesting person.”
“I’m a student,” Loki said, blandly. “Studying abroad for the semester. If you’d let me fetch you my ID-”
“Yes,” said Coulson, “That’s the interesting bit, isn’t it? You’ve got a full set of records, but if one were to do a little digging, one would find that they didn’t exist seven months ago. And eight months ago, there’s a call on record of a man falling out of the sky, only to vanish from a hospital the next day. Isn’t that interesting?” 
Loki tensed. “Oh,” he said, “Very,” and reached for his magic. 
“Oh,” Coulson added, “Right, I should say. I start acting funny or anything happens to me and I’ve got a sniper with a gun full of elephant tranquilizers.” The little man sat down again, perfectly unruffled. “Tea?” 
Loki took a breath through his nose, let it out, and smoothly settled on another chair. Causing a ruckus was just what he wanted to avoid, and flinging this man through one of the walls would undoubtedly cause a ruckus. “Yes,” he said with a smile only slightly barbed. “Please.” 
He watched this Agent Coulson pour another cup of tea and took it gracefully, tested it briefly for any kind of poison, and found none. He sipped at it and waited as his intruder watched him with placidity that Loki suspected was of dubious truth. 
“What should I call you?” Coulson said, finally, and Loki flashed a toothy grin at him. 
“Luke will do. Mr. Silver, if you must.” 
He expected an objection, but Coulson simply nodded. “All right, Mr. Silver, then. I’m here representing an organization called SHIELD that is…interested in extraordinary talents.” 
Loki tilted his head slightly to the side. “Extraordinary talents?” He said, and it was little challenge to sound faintly puzzled. 
“Like,” said Coulson, with an air of patience that was just begging to be tested, “The ability to get a trained doctor to let you walk out of a hospital room no questions asked. Or, say, to fabricate a pretty good identity out of thin air. Or getting two trained agents to spill their guts about their mission goals.”
Loki’s fingers twitched. “And what would your organization do with such…extraordinary talents?” 
Coulson leaned back. “That information’s largely classified. As is, I can only tell you that it’s a…project. Of sorts.” 
“You would tell me if I asked you,” Loki said, mildly, steepling his fingers under his chin, and watched the first slight tension appear in the man across from him. 
“I might,” he agreed, after a moment. “But that would probably qualify as me acting strangely and cue the tranquilizer, and I don’t think either of us really wants to deal with that.” Loki sat back and had another sip of his tea, held it in his mouth a moment before swallowing. 
“And what makes you think I’d be interested?” Loki said, half closing his eyes. “Perhaps I am here as a prospective conquerer.” 
“A possibility,” Coulson said, “Except that after the last few fiascos, we’ve been watching for a little while. We’re not the only ones to track you down, are we? I counted three minor league hostiles looking to step things up approaching you in the past three months. Only to mysteriously cease all activity shortly afterwards. –oh, except one,” here the man paused to refer to a pad of paper he pulled from a pocket, “‘Javier Holzinger’ who just disappeared.” 
Loki had been perfecting an expression of perfect innocence for many mortal lifespans. “Five,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Loki & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Loki
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Loki's a goddamn mess
this fic is a goddamn mess
Post-Movie(s)
Alternate Universe
everyone's gotta have one epic AU
exercises in self-loathing
Midgard is kinda like Witness Protection
I know where this starts and where it ends but the middle's kinda up in the air
will I regret this later probably
like a road trip without the cars
Loki can make friends when he tries
at least sort of
Canon-Typical Violence
Slow Build
the continuing adventures in writing plotlike things
seriously what even the hell
Assassination Attempt(s)
Loki's not good but he's working on it
various villains from comicsverse used shamelessly
Character Development
Friendship
Shapeshifting
recklessness with one's own health and safety
Torture
am i just going to keep tacking on tags as I go
following canon timelines is for the weak
Therapy
Mental Health Issues
discussion of suicide
Anxiety
Depression
Panic Attacks
Developing Friendships
Hurt Loki
Loki-centric
Not Canon Compliant

fandom: 
Loki & Natasha Romanov
Loki & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Loki
Loki & Thor

