Chapter 1: Waiting On The Other Side
    




Chapter Text
Everything seemed to explode in shatters of different colored glass, flinging him and Thor into the air and causing him to scream his hearts desire because he knew he wasn’t going to make it. He sees Thor try to move closer to him and grab onto him but there’s no way they’ll reach. The crystalline ledge is too far away, they’ll both fall into the giant black pit of fire and destruction. But suddenly he feels himself being stopped in mid air, grabbing onto the scepter that Thor somehow managed to catch. He looks up and sees Thor hanging upside down by his ankle, one hand on the scepter, and Odin standing at the edge of the Bifrost, holding his brother’s ankle. He can’t stop himself from defending his actions so he screams at Odin. “I could have done it, Father! I could have done it! For you! For all of us!” He tries to force a small smile onto his lips but the effort is futile. He can see the blank expression on Odin’s face and knows the answer before he speaks it. “No, Loki.” His heart seems to shatter in slow motion. Painful, gut wrenching, abandonment flows through his head and he feels the tear flow down his cheeks before he can manage to control it. He’s made his choice. Faintly he can hear the sound of Thor’s “No!” as he lets his long fingers release the end of the scepter and falls into the abyss of what is most certainly death. It’s fast and painless, the wind howling in his ears, and he knows that he’s gone. But he doesn’t stop falling.~*~Tony Stark is suiting up in his Mark VI suit when he hears the first clash of thunder. Maybe he should rethink this. He doesn’t care if he gets electrocuted in the air though, for some reason he actually wants to know the feeling. He’s curious. His AI says something but he doesn’t really focus on it, he’s too excited to try out his new suit. “Jarvis, sometimes you have to run before you can walk,” he says and without warning starts up the suit, flying through the garage entrance. “Woooo!!” He screams and he’s flying. Through the HUD he can see the Horizon Lock show up and the calculations of the altitudes. “Handles like a dream,“ he tells himself, flying over the water. Turning his body he focuses in on the large Ferris wheel, zooming in close enough to catch two kids staring at him with ice cream cones, one licking the ice cream top right off the cone. He smiles to himself. He flies faster, over the city, when a wild idea hits him. “Alright, let’s see what this thing can do. What’s SR-71’s record?” He watches as an imagine of the SR-17 Blackbird shows up in his field of vision. “The altitude record for fixed wing flight is 85,000 feet, sir,” Jarvis replies in his usual British tone.“Records were made to broken, c’mon!” He screams, letting himself be pulled higher into the sky. “Sir, there is a potential fatal build up of ice occurring,” Jarvis warns him once he starts to get higher than he probably should and he can see the crystals starting to form across the HUD. “Higher, higher!” He says, but he can feel his body tensing at the build up of ice and then Jarvis alerts him again. “Sir, there seems to be something or someone falling from the sky at an alarming rate,” the AI says and Tony looks around and yup, there’s definitely something falling. But what the hell? Why would something be falling from this high up? And going that quickly? And look so much like a human. . .“Jarvis we gotta break the ice!” He screamed, moving around frantically to break the ice, hearing it crack outside of his helmet and finally his HUD powers up again and he can control his flight, forcing himself towards the object that is falling, faster and faster. Oh shit! He thinks when he sees that yup, that is 100%, definitely a person falling from the sky. He flies over and gently uses his arms to catch the body, and looks at the face of a man with wild black hair chasing itself in the wind across his face, covered in leathers and metal and is that gold?! He doesn’t have time to analyze it now, if the person is even still alive. He lets his repulsors go dormant, then loads them back up, making his drop back down choppy but that’s what would get him back to his Malibu house fastest. Finally he’s back at the house, now to land. “Kill power,” he says. The suit freefalls through the roof of the house, through the piano, down right onto his blue 1967 Shelby Cobra, thank God not on the R8. That Audi is his pride and joy and he could never live with himself if he killed it.
He leans his head back on one of the pieces of rubble and closes his eyes, not caring that there’s a body in his arms that probably needs serious medical attention if not a casket. And of course, Dum-E sprays him with the fire extinguisher. His eyes fly open when he feels something move in his arms. That’s strange. . . Suddenly the entire weight of the body is lifted off of him and he climbs to his feet faster than he ever remembers doing, getting a mind blowing head rush.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Thor/Jane Foster
Thor/Sif

freeform: 
Building Relationship
FrostIron - Freeform
Norse Myths & Legends
Canon
au-ish
Slight torture

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Thor/Jane Foster
Thor/Sif

