Work Text:
After the first time, Clint didn't know what to think. It was the best sex of his life, the biggest cock he'd ever seen, and suddenly, he realised he was maybe a little bit in love with Agent Coulson. Sure, that cock was a work of art. He loved the thing. He got a thrill just watching Coulson go about his day in his little everyman suit, with his everyman face, knowing that underneath that everyman mask there was a really big dick right THERE, and no one knew about it but him.  Clint had never been much of a size-queen before, didn't have a thing for penises especially. He liked them just fine but wasn't obsessed with them. But then Phil had been all weird about it and then he found out why, and since then: Forget about it.  The first time had been pretty amazing. The second time had been incredible. The third, fourth and fifth times had been mind blowing, and they'd only gotten better from there. Somehow Phil knew exactly what he wanted and how he wanted it, which was usually 'his giant cock' and 'in Clint's ass'. And it got so any time they were sent off-base to a mission that required an overnight stay, Clint would get to it, falling to his knees as soon as they were alone and all but tearing Phil's trousers off. He liked feeling it get hard, liked sucking it, loved swallowing it, needed it inside him like it was an emergency organ transplant, which in a way, it kind of was.  In short, it was his new favourite toy, and he wanted nothing more than to play with it all day long. Phil, of course, was a total pill about it. "Not right now, Clint." "You have paperwork to finish." "I'm in a meeting." It was almost like he didn't want Clint to swallow him whole. But he usually relented in the end. Sometimes in the office and always on overnights. It got so Clint got hard at the very sight of a hotel keycard and the salacious promises it held.  But it wasn't only the sex. Clint had started to... like him. As more than just a colleague. He couldn't put a finger on it exactly, but he knew that he really wanted to be near Coulson as much as he could, even if they weren't fucking. And as amazing as the sex was, it was afterwards, when they'd lay there kissing and cuddling like teenagers making out, that he liked maybe just a little bit more.  But then... they'd awkwardly retire to their rooms and go to sleep, or Clint would leave Phil's office and they'd pretend like nothing had happened when they got back to work the next day. They were still barely able to have a full conversation before it either petered out or turned into one of them promising the myriad things they wanted to do to the other. Clint got the sense that Phil preferred them not to really talk, and that was fine. Clint was happy enough getting doses of Phil's dick as and when he could to worry about... whatever. If Phil seemed anxious to get him to leave when they were done, that was fine too. It wasn't like he wanted a relationship. He started to wonder though, about what Phil's life outside of SHIELD was like. He knew a few details from dribs and drabs he'd picked up: Phil had a collection of cactuses in his office. Phil liked Hostess cake products. Phil didn't like bacon (he would give his motel diner breakfast bacon to Clint) (also, what kind of freak doesn't like bacon? An Agent Coulson type of freak). Phil loved Captain America. Phil liked Clint's cock, often said it was beautiful. Said Clint was beautiful too, when they were having sex, though they both said a lot of things when they were having sex, it didn't make any of them all together true. Clint didn't really imagine that Phil could fill him with cum like he pleaded him to every time, but he pleaded all the same.  That was something of a sticking point actually: Clint hadn't had sex with anyone else since that first time in Phil's office, and Phil knew he was clean since he had access to his records: the SHIELD physical included full STI testing. Clint had perused Phil's medical file during one of his nothing-better-to-do-with-my-time sneaking around sessions, and found nothing untoward hiding in there either, but Phil refused to fuck without one of his special giant condoms. The rare occasion they did fuck without one, regardless of Clint's pleading, Phil simply would not come inside him. The second time they'd done it was the closest he'd managed to get, and Phil was too wary after that. He didn't want to pick at it too much, felt like Phil was this close to pulling away as it was, but it stuck in his craw just a tiny bit. He probably thinks I'm sleeping around, Clint figured. That was what everyone tended to assume. He didn't even know why he wanted it really, just knew he wanted as much of Phil as he could get before the man inevitably found someone else and moved on. People didn't tend to stick around too long in Clint's life.  Now that he knew Phil's big secret, Clint wondered how many more secrets were hidden underneath the layers of his suit. Maybe if he found enough, th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Anal Sex
big dick
Oral Sex
Sex Pollen
hotel room
um
Love Confessions
boyfriend - Freeform
Water
Condoms
Barebacking

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

