Work Text:
“Not fair!” Natasha shrieks as Tony runs his fingertips up the inside of her forearm and digs them into her lycra-clad armpit. “Stop it!” she pants from the floor under him, but she’s wearing a great big stupid carefree grin, and Tony’s ridiculously pleased to see her undeniably enjoying herself.“I can’t believe you’re ticklish,” he says, grinning back. “Surely some torturer has tried this to make you talk, if it’s this easy to get you to give up the remote control.”“I switch it off, thanks to training,” Natasha says, blowing a swath of titian hair out of her eyes as she suddenly death-grips Tony’s wrists to keep them away. “It’s situational. You're not a foe or threat since we’re teammates, so I’m letting myself be ticklish.”“That’s incredible. Also, it’s really, really weird,” Tony marvels. Since his arms are still clamped away from her ticklish spots, he leans down and noses up the waist of her top to bare a sliver of stomach, purses his lips to blow a raspberry into her flesh, and she flinches, collapsing in a gale of giggles. He didn’t think she could giggle like that.“Tony!” she manages.“Whoops,” Steve says, fumbling a plate in the doorway. Tony glances over just in time to see Steve blush mightily and turn tail. “Sorry,” he calls out as he leaves the living room, and Tony glances down at Natasha, who shrugs.“Whoops,” Tony echoes. “Cap saw some of your skin. He’s probably going to confession now.”“Don’t be a dick, Stark,” Natasha says, “Does he know how you feel?”“Feel?” Tony asks, failing to sound innocent.“You know, that you’re hung up on him.” He freezes and Natasha drops his wrists and whacks him on the shoulder.“Ow. Who says I am?”“I had my fingertips on your pulse points when I asked you. Thump, thump, thump-thump-thump-thump.”“You’re some kind of freak,” Tony says. “If we put you in weaponized armor you could take over the universe.”“Matte black, please,” Natasha smirks. “Red and gold is crap for stealth.  And you can get off me now, Iron Ass, before I throw you off.”Tony moves and changes the subject. “We’re watching the Knicks, though. Or I’ll tickle you again.”“Fine,” she huffs, tossing the remote over, but she’s still smiling.*They’ve been calling their names and searching for the better part of two hours, but neither green hide of Hulk nor fluffy hair of Bruce have turned up.“Probably just sleeping it off somewhere,” Clint remarks, trying for nonchalant but failing.“Yeah,” Steve agrees, but he sounds concerned, too. The last time they’d found Bruce after a mission, he’d been sleeping it off half-submerged in a pit of quicksand.“Hey,” Tony says to Steve as Clint shimmies up a power pole to get a better survey of the area.“Hey what?” Steve answers.“We don’t do things, you and me,” Tony says, and he sounds a little plaintive to his own ears, which he realizes Steve might find sort of pathetic. He clears his throat. “I mean, you know. We don’t hang out. Outside of missions.”“You want to hang out with me,” Steve says, like a statement instead of a question, and Tony nods. Steve just squints at him. “I don’t know; you seem busy enough already.”“I’m not that busy,” Tony says hurriedly. “I’d like to get to uh...know you better. One-on-one.”Steve shrugs in a noncommittal way and trudges on, and Tony wipes the sweat off his forehead and tries not to focus on Steve’s ass as he walks ahead of him. Why does Steve Rogers’ presence turn him into a conversational halfwit anyway? That didn’t happen when he first met the guy and thought he couldn’t stand him.Okay. So things change. Steve stops and glances back, and Tony's caught staring. He raises his gaze in time to catch Steve's vexed little headshake. Damn.Tony curses inwardly again for not making Bruce wear one of the location beacons Tony’s made in the workshop; he stubbornly insists he doesn’t need it. Well, Tony’s just going to have to insist right back, because the Hulk’s hard to miss, but they can’t goddamn find Bruce half the time after he reverts, and Hulk just wanders around doing whatever the fuck he feels like once there’s no threat; one time he tore the roof off a food truck and ate four dozen falafel balls before passing out.“Holy shit,” Bruce had said when he’d come back to himself, looking chagrined. “He likes falafel. Who knew?”“It’s handled,” Tony had replied calmly. “I’m replacing the truck and they’re naming a catered party package after the Other Guy.”At any rate, Hulk generally sucked at post-battle rendezvous, so an expandable locator bracelet or an implanted chip (even better) would really help.As Clint descends the pole and he and Steve sweep up the alley, Tony edges backward, sure he can hear something rustling behind him.  A piece of corrugated metal forming the side of a lean-to is wrenched aside with an accompanying groan, and Bruce’s bare arm appears behind it.“Oh thank God,” Tony says, and rushes over to move the metal out of the way.“Hey,” Bruce gasps weakly in greeting, but he looks unharmed, thankfully.“Over her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Misunderstandings
Pining
Flirting
First Kiss
One Shot
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

