Work Text:
Once, he had a name. He had a mother and a father, a childhood and a life. He does not remember any of these things.His beloved has called him solnishka for as long as they’ve known each other; a tribute to the color of his hair and the light he brings to an otherwise dark existence. Solnishka, then, is his name. The only one that matters, at least, because it is the name he hears when a soft, gentle voice calls him from the dark and the cold.This is the way things are done, the way they have always been done. There is dark and cold and emptiness and then there is the voice of his beloved - zvezdochka - calling to him. He opens his eyes to the only face worth remembering, to gentle hands on his bare body trying to drive away the cold.This is the way things are done.It is with great distress, then, that Solnishka wakes alone.The room is not like anything he has ever been treated to before; lavish, compared to where they are normally kept. The walls are thick and white, far too bright when Solnishka and his zvezda are used to the dark. There are soft blankets and clean sheets and beneath them, he wears a gown. It’s thin and flimsy and open in the back - he can feel the sheets against his backside - but still clothing.This is not the way things are done. His beloved is the one who dresses him and no one else.A needle is taped to the back of his hand and one thin wrist, its tube leading up to a bag with clear liquid in it. He does not know what this is but if they find it necessary, he cannot fight against it.“You’re awake,” a voice says and it is female. They are not usually allowed around women; not since their time with the spiderlings.Blinking against the harsh lights above him, he slowly turns his head to look out into the room. The woman who sits at his bedside is beautiful and poised. Her face is familiar but he cannot place it and her hair is the color of blood in the sunlight. He finds that fitting for a person that so easily telegraphs violence while trying to appear meek and docile.Solnishka can count a least a half a dozen weapons hidden on her and that means, of course, that there are at least half a dozen more that he can’t see. This woman is deadly.“Where is he?” He asks hoarsely. His mouth is parched and his lips are dry; he is not usually made to speak until Zvezdochka has tended to him. He shouldn't have to do so now.“Where is who?”The woman tilts her head to the side, feigning confusion and curiosity but her eyes are sharp and assessing. She is trying to fool him but Solnishka learned long ago how to read dishonesty in his captors.“Zvezda moya,” he hisses through clenched teeth. His body aches without those familiar hands on him, without the opportunity to touch in return. “Where is he?”Has he been woken yet? Did they make him open his eyes to a world without his solnishka? The idea of it makes him tremble, makes him want to scream and fight against them. The only thing that stops him is the knowledge that his impertinence will mean he doesn’t get to see Zvezdochka at all.“You're supposed to let me see him,” he tells the woman instead. “He has to see me or he'll be agitated.”“Agitated?” A voice from nowhere says. "Understatement of the century, pal."Solnishka lurches into a sitting position, alarmed. The woman reaches out to him, perhaps to push him back down or perhaps to calm him; he doesn’t know and he doesn’t care. He scoots away from her outstretched hands, hissing in displeasure.No one is supposed to touch him but his zvezda.“He broke out of his room,” the nowhere voice says. “We need your help containing him, Widow.”Solnishka blinks and then looks at the woman, who is rising fluidly from her chair. Suddenly, he can place her face.“Oh,” he says. “Spiderling.”It makes sense now, why they would allow a woman to sit with him. She will build trust between herself and the pet and that, in turn, will ingratiate her to the Asset. She is the link between the two of them and their new captors.She smiles, small and secretive. “I wondered if you would remember,” she says and moves toward the door.“Spiderling,” he calls.Throwing his feet over the bed, he uses the metallic stand that holds the bag feeding liquid into his arm and pulls himself to his feet. Without its support, he would fall; his body is still far too weak for such exercise but it is necessary.She turns to look at him impassively, hand on the door.“You have to take me to him,” Solnishka says and he doesn’t care if he sounds desperate. He is awake and his beloved is not with him; this is not how things are done. “Did they not tell you? He won’t stop until he finds me and he won’t care if he kills the people who stand in his path. He will calm for me, I promise.”He hates it, to be used this way, to be used against the one he loves but this is his purpose. This is why he is allowed to stay with his beloved, to live each day in his embrace. He is the pet and he keeps the Asset docile. If it keeps him close to Zvezdochka, he will
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Codependency
Possessive Behavior
Alternate Universe - Dark
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

