Work Text:
Despite its reputation, Evil doesn’t lurk in every shadow, waiting to spring. There’s just not all that much of it, when you look at the numbers. There was only one Red Skull, and only one Loki, and Steve's already helped get rid of both of them. And it's wonderful; it's perfect, that they're not out every day fighting for the streets of New York.But, Steve isn't fighting crime either, because they have the police for that. He's not Army anymore, so they won't be sending him to Afghanistan. He's not Coast Guard, Search and Rescue, a Forest Ranger, or even a run-of-the-mill SHIELD agent, which means they don't send him out for floods, downed ships, extraction, wild fires, or anything else. Steve is starting to go a little wacky with the punching bags, because it's all the action he's seen for weeks now. He's desperate for something to do.He tells Fury this, to no avail."Captain," Fury says, even more exasperated than usual, "you are a one-of-a-kind, super-powered super soldier, as well as a national icon and a member of a very high-profile defense force. SHIELD will not just send you to get kittens out of trees.""Why not?" Steve asks.Fury pinches the bridge of his nose, and then rubs his thumb under his one remaining eye. "Because I said so.""But -- ""No buts, Captain. I'm not risking one of the world's most valuable assets to rescue tugboats and catch muggers, it's just not happening.""Look," Steve says, a little desperately. "I don't need -- I can't just do nothing. I don't even need to leave the Helicarrier, I can learn cryptography or something. I knew a Windtalker during the war; he said I did all right."Fury looks at him for what feels like a long time, and then says, "Get out of my office."Damn it. "But sir --""I'll think of something. Just -- don't be here for a couple of hours."Which is how Steve ends up designing and running a training camp for SHIELD operatives and recruits, with the help of an incredible, invisible library called The Internet.

-----
Steve always liked school, and with the whole of history in front of him it's easy to learn about Patton and Eisenhower, Matthis and Patraeus and Ho Chi Minh. He studies the Cold War, the Bay of Pigs, the War on Terror. He sees the movement of nations, and understands how ideas can be more dangerous than guns.Steve looks at video from the Helicarrier disaster, again and again. He watches Loki, and Loki's sceptre. He watches himself arguing with Tony, ignoring Bruce, fighting with Fury and Natasha. He watches until he's ashamed, and keeps watching until he's not anymore, until it's just a scenario like any other, something he can use. Then, he goes to Fury, and talks about his plan.Fury softballs the first batch: it's a group of three men and two women, all looking competent and surprisingly world-weary. But then, he's really the only one he knows who came to SHIELD fresh. Everyone else has a bigger story.He starts in a small, nondescript conference room, standing in front of them, holding a pointer and feeling a little ridiculous. He got a dossier on each of them, but he's darned if he can remember any of their names right now. They all watch him with that slightly awed, blank look that SHIELD agents get around him. Well, in for a penny, he thinks."All right," he says. "My name is Steve, but I'm also known as Captain America. Director Fury has asked me to train you to be able to react to non-standard hostile situations, both inside SHIELD facilities and in the outside world. This will involve physical training, theoretical scenarios, and exercises. Any footage I show you is classified, so don't talk about it with your lunch partners." Steve takes a breath. Fury is probably watching him, but even if he wasn't, this is important. "Take a look around. These people are now part of your team. You're going to learn with them, work with them, and fight alongside them. I'll tell you this right now: Loki almost won because I didn't treat the Avengers as my team." He takes another, deeper breath, and looks at them for a long time, letting them see his shame and his certainty. "I can't make you a team, but I can show you why it's better that you make yourselves one, and how to fight, what to fight, and when to fight like one. Are there any questions?"He (suddenly, always suddenly and shockingly, like being hit) thinks of Peggy, and the easy way she handled the men in Basic. Sometimes they came at her with eight questions at once, and she always remembered who had asked what, and knew how to answer so the man understood. He has a moment of piercing, blinding sadness that he'll never get to tell her about this, and then he has to put it aside and do the work in front of him. She wouldn't have respected anything less.

-----
Steve sets up an obstacle course in the Green Gym on the Helicarrier. He gets old tires, a rope, some razor-wire, whatever he can think of that looks harmless and slightly antiquated. He's just rolling the last tire into place when a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Friendship
SHIELD's Quasi-Military Training Camp
Steve Rogers Is A Badass
Team Dynamics
Are Awesome
Team Turnip!
Grief/Mourning

fandom: 
None
