Chapter 1: Press Release
    


Notes:
I've been drabbling in the Avengers.




Chapter Text
 
“Stark Industries mogul, Tony Stark has issued statements regarding the Congressional meeting on Thursday. With approval gained for Stark to begin constructing a world-wide security organization in the aftermath of last month’s revelation concerning the infiltration of the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division, known as SHIELD, by the terrorist organization, Hydra, Mr. Stark has commented that this is not a duty he will take lightly; in fact, he claims,” the words begin to appear next to the anchorman, “ ‘We are in an age where more and more unknows are in the field and the everyman is in dangers he can’t even conceive. But hey, this is from a guy that sent a nuke through a space worm hole, so you don’t have to take my word for it. When the time comes, the world is going to need people that can handle large-scale threats the way most of us only read about, so I intend to be ready and do the things Iron Man always did: protect the civilians out there.’”  An image of Stark, hand held up in a ‘peace’ sign flashes next to his quote.
The anchor makes a generic statement, and moves on to the next international crisis.
Steve mutes the television, looking at the lingering photo of Tony for long moments before it fades into the next story. He sighs gently. Time for another call, just to make sure the fella was doing okay…
Pepper’s long strides are impossible to keep up with, but Tony has practice and lengthens his own strides to match one and a half of his for one of hers.  She’s talking easily, falling into their comradery easier than he certainly has. To her, he’s still the same guy she was nearly in love with, but even giving up Iron Man (again) wouldn’t be enough to save them. Hell, after the whole “you get kidnapped and injected with crazy Extremis (but I fixed it, so it’s gone),” she’d been pulling away from him, so much that he’d started to become lonely, chasing after her at SI. Then the “so I’ll just build an all-encompassing  AI to take care of the world and it will go fucking bat shit crazy and take up Iron Man to save the world….again, just to retire….again” had been the last straw. They were on the way out before that. Ultron was the final good-bye. Pep was still the best CEO he could ever hope to find, always would be, and he could now dedicate himself to un-fucking his past mistakes with SI weapons tech.
Which is why she was still telling him about the slew of sharks waiting on him in the room down the hall.
“When have I ever let you down with these guys?” Tony smirked at her from the side, and that cajoled a rueful smile out of her.
“Do I really need to remind you of the ‘I am Iron Man’ press conference?  Or the, ‘I just made a billion dollars with clean energy, suck it GE?’  Any idea what a clean-up that was? GE wasn’t happy, Tony.”
A deep rolling laugh came from him, a first in a while considering his life had been going to shit for too long now…
“We have most the United States, the UN, and hell, even Latveria is showing me support, and those guys don’t even support cancer research. We’ve got this, Pep. We just have to get the public behind it and get things moving. Maria is getting the people I need together and making sure every damn one of them is a real agent, not some sleeper. The facility is ready, the Avengers are in their new compound,” his voice cracks only minutely, “we have green light. Let’s take it.”
She sighs, tapping again on her StarkTab. “No crazy declarations this time, and please, Tony, for my blood pressure’s sake, don’t say, ‘Fuck yeah, Engineers’ or ‘Shout-out to my MIT homeboys.’ Keep your preferences out of the press.”
“That was totally allowable, Pep. Fuck yeah, engineers.”
“Regardless.”
“You suck all the fun out of being a wiseass.”
“Why do you think you hired me in the first place?”
The room goes silent when the double doors open. Tony Stark doesn’t even pause, keeps striding right up to the podium with a wave to the room full of journalists, photographers, videographers, and the like. Pepper has fallen a step behind him and takes a seat in the row of chairs behind him.
Stark looks over the rim of his lightly colored shades at the gathering, “We know why we’re here. Let’s skip the foreplay and get right to the down and dirty.” With his usual charisma, Tony grins and the hands start waving frantically, reporters calling his name.
“Let’s start wiiiiith…Marissa Matthews from the Times.”
Said reporter stands, slightly smirking since Mr. Stark chose her first. “Mr. Stark, you’ve received Congressional approval for your security firm. What are your next steps?”
He leans down, comically close to the microphone while looking over the top of his shades, “a glass of bourbon.”
The laughter shakes up the tension and Tony leans back up while Pepper closes her eyes for a moment behind him.
“No, kidding. Seriously. Rude of me not to offer the first round, but anyway
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Writing again
eventual OT3
Inspired by incredible authors
Hurt/Comfort
Kicking ass and taking names
Tony Stark Has A Heart
steve has a crush
So does Bucky eventually
Wit is a sign of intelligence
Tony is fun to write
Deadpool cameo
What to do about Clint Barton
Wanda is kinda watery
Thor needs a hug and some booze
You don't need a spleen to live
Sass becons sass

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts
Jane Foster/Thor

