Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When the dust settles, Tony Stark finds himself flat on his back, buried under a pile of Captain America, Captain America’s daemon, and what had been an abandoned office building until a group of geniuses (genii? Tony never really cared much about Latin) calling themselves the Wrecking Crew decided to drop it on them. Steve and Nevren, being the stupidly chivalrous self-sacrificing types, had of course thrown themselves on top of Tony when the collapse started, ignoring the fact that the guy wearing the suit of armor was probably in less danger than the guy in nothing but skintight leather with the exposed daemon. Tony briefly wonders, not for the first time, whether it was a Boy Scout thing or an Alpha thing that had them risking life and limb for someone they could barely stand.Speaking of limbs, Steve’s look like they’ve seen better days; one of his arms is twisted at an unnatural angle, and his left leg has a deep, sluggishly-bleeding gash almost all the way from ankle to knee. Nevren looks unharmed, but it’s hard to tell with the pangolin rolled up into a scaly little ball, his tail wrapped tight around his body. Just when Tony starts to wonder if they’ve been knocked unconscious, right after he’s tried to hail the rest of the team and gotten nothing, Steve raises his head and focuses his big baby blues on the Iron Man faceplate. “You okay?” he rasps.“I’m not sure whether I’m amused or offended,” Tony answers. “No, wait, that’s a lie, I’m definitely pissed, but sure, whatever, Cap, I’m perfectly okay.”“And Kolori?” asks Nevren, who had apparently uncurled at some point.Rolling his eyes (not that they can see it, but who cares, it’s the thought that counts), Tony opens the tiny compartment in his chest plate—right near the arc reactor, the most heavily-reinforced part of the armor—and out pops an emerald hummingbird. Kolori, in a habit Tony has been unable to break her of (probably because he’s never tried), buzzes right over Steve and Nevren’s heads. They both visibly relax, tension draining out of them; not the intended result, obviously, but at least the sad puppy eyes are gone.“Yes, good, we’re both just peachy. So, you can get off him,” Kolori chirps, flitting around the bubble of space that separates them from the remains of the building. “Any time now.”The tips of Steve’s ears go pink. He tries to roll off, hissing when he jars his obviously dislocated shoulder.“Oh, that sounded painful,” Tony says. “Gee, I wonder if that has anything to do with the fact that the guy with the unbreakable shield was too busy throwing himself at me to use it to, oh, I don’t know, shield himself?”“I’m fine,” Steve grunts. “Just help me reset it.”“And your leg?”Steve glances down at his gaping wound. His eyebrows shoot up, like he’s actually fucking surprised it’s there. “One thing at a time, Iron Man.” And isn’t that so adorable, using code names in the field as if there’s anyone left on the planet who still doesn’t know who they all are. Besides, with both of their communications systems down—if the armor couldn’t contact anyone from under the rubble, then Steve’s communicator sure as hell can’t—who could possibly hear them?“Sir, yes sir, Captain America, sir,” he says anyway, just to see that little disapproving line appear between Steve’s eyebrows.In the end, neither of Steve’s injuries is too much trouble; he doesn’t so much as react when Tony shoves his shoulder back into place perhaps a little too forcefully (though Tony gleefully notices Nevren’s shudder), and two relatively clean strips of leather from Cap’s uniform make a passable sling, and bandage for his leg. He thanks Tony when they’re done; hesitantly, like he thinks Tony might dislocate his shoulder again just on principle. And that right there is everything Tony hates about Captain America (well, aside from the whole, “indirectly ruining his childhood by turning his father into an abusive drunk who cared more about finding his army buddy’s corpse than he did about his family” thing): he can see the good in everybody else, but he can only see the worst in Tony. It’s bad enough trying to move past being the Merchant of Death without Captain Fucking America, symbol of all that is good in the world (or America; same thing, right?), telling him he’s worthless, looking at him like he personally kicked the good Captain’s  favorite puppy.Steve and Nevren settle, the former stooped over slightly, as far away from Tony as the limited space will comfortably allow. “So, what now?” Steve asks.Tony shrugs, not really caring whether or not Steve can see the subtle movement in the dim light. “I could use the repulsors on the debris, but there’s about a fifty-fifty chance I’ll bring the rest of the building down on our heads. It’d be safer to have Nevren dig us out, but that would be about like tunneling out of prison with a spoon.” There’s a moment of confused silence; Steve had not, apparently, understood that reference.“I’ll get help,” K
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other

freeform: 
Daemons
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Prompt Fic
Kink Meme

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other

