Work Text:
 “Oh my God.” Bucky lets out a low whistle as he pulls back the curtain of the living room windows to get a better look at the man. “Who is that?”Clint doesn’t turn to look from where he’s picking up an extensive collection of stuffed animals and throwing them in the toys hamper. “Who’re you talking about?”“Your neighbour, I assume.” Bucky continues to stare at the man who’s making chit chat with someone while picking up his mail. “He’s like if a Greek God and Roman God hooked up and made a baby.”Clint rolls his eyes when he glances outside. “Oh, that’s Steve. Now quit your ogling and help me clean up.”“Steve.” Bucky hums appreciatively. “Well, damn, cut me a slice.”A soft pink turtle hits the back of his head and he pulls back the curtain and goes to help clean up with mess Meli had made before heading for her afternoon nap. ~~ Bucky learns that Steve is manuscript editor that works for a local publishing company and moved in the house next to Clint’s only a week before Bucky moved in with Clint to help take care of his and Natasha’s 4-year-old daughter while Natasha was out of the country on work business.“You wanna jump his bones, go do it at your own time,” Clint had shot him a deadly glare after Bucky’s 107th question that started with ‘So, your neighbour Steve…’ and gone back to stirring the chicken noodle soup that was simmering on the stovetop.Bucky had rolled his eyes and planned an innocent ‘accidentally-on-purpose’ run in with him, which definitely didn’t involve waiting near the front door for a good ten minutes around the time he knew Steve usually left for work to go check Clint’s mailbox.“Oh, hey,” he says with forced casualness, pretending to notice Steve just then.Steve turns to look at him. “Good morning,”Bucky groans inwardly at the sight; Steve’s dressed in form-fitting jeans, a white shirt and blue sweater combo, and has a heart-meltingly warm smile curving his perfect pink mouth.“I don’t think we’ve met,” Steve says as he walks over to Bucky. “Steve Rogers,”“Bucky Barnes,” Bucky shakes Steve’s extended hand and clears his throat before speaking again. “I, uh, live with Clint here,” he glances at the house behind him and looks back at Steve, who looks even better up close, damn him.Steve nods curtly. “Well, nice to meet you,” he says with a smile that’s not nearly as bright as his earlier one.“You too,” Bucky manages a smile back.“Have a good day!” Steve calls out with a half-wave as he walks over to his bike and starts up the engine.“You too!” Bucky calls out after him. He waits until Steve drives away and covers his face in both hands. Well, that went well. ~~ Bucky actually runs into him on Saturday morning at their neighbourhood’s local supermarket.“Hey there,”Bucky spins around so fast he almost drops the three cereal boxes he had just picked up from the shelves. “Oh, hey Steve,” he says with a wide grin.“Solid choices,” Steve nods at the Rice Krispies, Cocoa Puffs and Froot Loops in Bucky’s arms.“Oh,” Bucky chuckles. “Our girl here is a bit indecisive, let’s say,” he turns and puts all three boxes in his shopping cart, where Meli is sat in the children’s seat in the front sipping her orange Capri Sun.“I want those too!” Meli exclaims as she points to a box of Cheerios.“I think that’s enough for today, Meli.”The girl crosses her arms in front of her chest and pouts dramatically.Bucky turns to Steve. “She learned that from Clint,” he says and Steve laughs as he reaches up to pick up the box and drops it in Bucky’s shopping cart, who simply shrugs like he’s given up.They make their way through the aisles together, with Steve going through his shopping list – and really, who is that organised? – Bucky picking up items he remembers he needs to buy as he passes by them. Meli just grabs boxes of cookies and chips while Bucky tries to distract her with a packet of raisins and hurry through the snacks aisle.“Well, that was more fun than usual,” Steve says after they go through the check-out counters.“Oh, yeah, we should do it again sometime.”Bucky grins at him and Steve’s smile widens.“Not that I’m gonna get an earful for all this when I get home.” He says, gesturing to an entire bag of snacks Meli’s picked out.Steve laughs heartily. “Maybe you need to work on your parenting skills,” he jokes and Bucky rolls his eyes.“What parenting skills,” he mutters.He puts the child in her safety chair and loads the bags into the back of the car, and walks to the driver’s seat before he stops and turns to look at Steve. “Did you drive your bike here?”“No, I walked.”Bucky nods. “Of course.” He smiles. “Come on, get in the car.”Steve tries to protest that he only has a total of five bags, and they’re not that heavy, but eventually caves in. Bucky drives with a smile on his face the whole way home.Meli rushes inside as soon as she steps out of the car, carrying only her box of chocolate chip cookies, and Clint comes out to help Bucky with the bags, only to find him gazing lovingly at Steve’s ret
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Neighbors
Fluff
Attempt at Humor
Neighbors
Fluff and Crack
Kid Fic
Parent Clint Barton
Parent Natasha Romanov
uncle Bucky
Misunderstandings
Canon Disabled Character
Lust at First Sight
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Flirting
Mutual Pining
First Kiss
First Meetings
Domestic
Meet-Cute
Background clint/nat - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

