Work Text:
It had been a stupid little comment made in a semi drunken state. Honestly, Tony did not understand why Steve had taken it so personally.Tony had been chatting up Natasha, and mildly flirting like he always did with everyone, when the subject of alcohol had come up. Tony remembers saying something about how he use to do shot challenges in college and how no one had been able to beat his record. Natasha, not a woman to back down from a challenge, had said that she probably could. That is how they had found themselves in a bar, doing shots of vodka, each with a small tower of empty shot glasses behind them.“Ok, I’m halfway drunk at this point,” Tony had said with a dramatic wave of his hand. “So I gotta ask. Are you and Barton like a thing?” He gave a slightly goofy grin “Because I think you could totally be a thing.”Natasha shot him one warning look before taking another shot “It’s a little complicated.” She had this soft pink blush to her cheeks that, if possible, made her even more attractive.“Doesn’t have to be.” Tony took another shot to match her “I don’t think Barton would object.”Natasha stared at him for a moment before smiling deviously “Alright, so fair is fair. Now I get to ask you a personal question.” Tony grinned at that, curious as to what she would ask. “I’ve noticed that you tease and stare at Steve more than anyone else. Care to explain that?”“He’s hot and easy to mess with,” Tony shrugged “’Nough said.” He took another shot. And then he held the empty glass in front of Natasha’s face, goading her. She gave him a bored look before pouring two shots from the bottle and then downing them both. She then pushed the bottle back to him and gave him a challenging look.“I didn’t think you went for men.”Tony frowned as he poured himself three shots, not one to be outdone. He drank each of them in rapid succession and then cringed at the burn that ignited in his throat. He coughed twice and took in a steadying breath “Depends on who’s offering. Usually I have a lot of women ready to have me take them to bed. Men? Not so much. The rich billionaire scene still has issues with gays and bis like me so it’s usually kept kind of quiet and shit.”“Still,” Natasha replied “your preferential treatment is sort of obvious. I’d be surprised is Cap didn’t already suspect.”Tony laughed loudly “Oh please, he’s too busy with Shield, the Avengers, and everything else. Besides, he’s way too innocent to catch on to anything I do or say. He’s from that old school boring time period where everything was proper and stuff. I don’t even think they had color TV!”“Stark.” Natasha said but Tony ignored her.He poured another shot but instead of drinking it he held it up to his eye level to look at the clear liquid. His brain was beyond fuzzy as he laughed to himself. “Yeah, being from back then and all I’m sure if I even said the word ‘sex’ around him he’d probably say something like ‘That’s inappropriate Tony’.” Tony laughed at his horrible impression of Steve.“Tony.” Natasha said again, kicking him under the table.“Ow, fuck, here.” He pushed the bottle her way, thinking that was the problem. “Anyway, that is why despite him being fucking hot as hell and having a great ass, I think you could bounce a dime off that thing by the way, I’m also sure he’d be a lousy and boring lay. Like seriously, boring.”“Tony!” Natasha practically hissed as Tony finished his shot.“Yeah, you might wanna stop talking Stark.” came a voice to Tony’s left.Tony turned to see Clint looking down at him with an almost half smile as if saying ‘oh boy did you fuck up.’ At first he didn’t understand right away, as his vision was a bit blurry, but when his head settled he then noticed that Steve was standing right behind the shorter man. He was blushing all the way up to his blonde bangs but his expression was anything but pleased. In fact, Tony might even say he looked furious.Though he was 3 sheets to the wind he did still have enough of a mindset to realize that Steve had one: probably heard what he said and two: Steve was actually there. Why was he there?The second one won out as Tony blurted “The hell you two get here?”“Natasha told me you guys were going out. It’s 2am.” Clint held out a hand for Natasha to take, which she did. “I’m your designated driver. Cap came along to help.” He cast Steve a sympathetic look “Bet you wished you hadn’t now.” Steven made a sound as if in agreement before jerking Tony up and practically manhandling him out of the bar.The morning after, when Tony was nursing a bad hangover and Natasha seemed to be completely unfazed, he had planned on apologizing to Steve as soon as the world stopped swimming, or spinning. Whatever. Unfortunately Steve had not wanted to play along. He had just left some stupid note on Tony’s nightstand with a glass of effervescent Tylenol. The glass and medicine Tony had appreciated, but all the note had said was the name of some bar downtown, a time, and a date that was tomorrow. When Tony had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Dirty Talk
Dominance
Sexual Tension
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Cuming Inside
Steve is a total cock tease and Tony loves it
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Size Kink
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

