Work Text:

"Right. So we've got one Hulk down for the count because the non-Hulk person apparently failed How To Duck Flying Objects 101. God of Thunder has our six, taking care of the latest mad scientist to try his luck against the Avengers, and seriously, what kind of name is Dr. Amazing?"

"Sir, we have incoming."

"Yeah, I see 'em. What are those things, anyway? They look like popcorn shrimp with wings. Glowy, sparkly wings. Anyway. Hawkeye's in the crow's nest, and I bet that's giving him some major cognitive dissonance right now. Which leaves Cap and Widow on the docks, and no, not in that way, get your mind out of the gutter, JARVIS."

"They seem to be emitting some sort of electrical pulse."

"Duly noted. Scan 'em, add 'em to the database. Let's try to draw them away. If those things get too close to the water, they'll fry our dynamic duo down below. Which reminds me. Steve. New motorcycle engine. Birthday present. Don't let me forget."

"Sir! One of—"
Steve has listened to the recording until he knows it by heart. And still he listens. He can't not listen.It's the last time Tony ever said his name.****Over his head, Iron Man streaks past. Half the lightning bugs, as Clint has started calling them on the comms, follow closely on his tail. On the ground, Steve watches him fly by, then has to return his attention to dodging the metal projectiles the bugs are spitting. They're small, but each one explodes in a surprisingly large fireball when it makes contact with something. Across the pier, two ships are already crackling with fire and electricity.He raises his shield seconds before one of the projectiles slams into the disc. It explodes in a spray of fire; flames rain down around him, but the shield protects him from harm.He never does see the explosion in the sky. He hears it though, and he turns to look, and by then it's too late. The ball of fire and lightning is already dissipating, and Tony is falling.Months later, he can still hear the sick crunch of impact.****There is no blood.At the time he is grateful. Later, when he replays the moment in his memory when Thor tore the mask off and they all saw the nauseating new shape of Tony's skull, he wishes there had been. There should have been blood. They should have been able to see the words bleeding out, dying cold and alone on the ground.****Tony is in the hospital for several months. It is six weeks before he is able to speak at all, and when he does, his first word is, "Hat." No one knows why.It isn't until much later, with some input from Tony himself, that Steve puts it together.Steve is Captain America is Cap is hat.Tony's first word, after weeks of fear and confusion, is Steve's name.****The medical term is aphasia. Every case is unique, the doctors say. There are no set rules. Each patient recovers at a different rate, and there is no predicting just how far that recovery will go.Tony can understand what is said to him, as long as the sentences aren't too complex. He just can't respond in kind. When he does finally find his voice, his speech is slow and halting. He says one word when he means another. Nouns are the hardest; he stumbles over the names of things and sometimes can't get the word out at all. He knows what he wants to say – the frustration in his eyes leaves no doubt of that. He just can't say it.For Tony, that's the worst part.For Steve, it's the silence. When he first arrived at the Tower, it took him weeks to get used to living with Tony Stark and the other Avengers. Weeks to adjust to Tony's constant rambling and snide remarks, often while carrying on a completely separate conversation with JARVIS. What he learned during that time was to listen to the spaces in between the words, to know when the babble was real and when it was a front for a more genuine emotion that was scaring Tony to death. He learned to listen to what Tony wasn't saying more than what he did say.Now, all that is gone. Tony labors to speak even the simplest of words, and grows frustrated and angry with his own failure. He turns away from them, closing himself in the workshop for days on end, avoiding the rest of the Avengers whenever possible. It's just easier this way, he says to Steve, struggling for agonizing minutes to communicate even this simple idea.Easier for who, he doesn't say.****The therapists say it will take time. Brain injuries are complex and unpredictable. Tony is recovering well, but slowly, and it frustrates him endlessly. Not even open heart surgery in a cave could keep him down for more than a couple weeks. This agonizingly slow pace is more of a torture to him than if he were flat on his back with a physical injury."Just take your time," Steve says. "We'll all be here for you, until you're ready to come back." He ignores the glance Clint and Natasha share at this."Take heart," Thor says, clapping him on the shoulder. "Already you can demand your morning coffee from your machine servitors. This is good!"Even Tony has to smile at that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Aphasia
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

