Chapter 1: The prostitute and the Billionaire
    




Chapter Text
If one had asked Loki Laufeyson a couple years ago if he ever thought he’d end up in the position he was in now, he probably would have scoffed in his typical fashion and replied along the lines of  ‘of course not!’. A lot had changed since then. Life, he’d determined, was unpredictable; anyone who tried to throw predictions out there was an idiot and too naïve for their own damn good.He was thinking over this as he stood against a light post, absently picking at his darkly painted nails and waiting for his client for that night. He’d probably already been there for half an hour, and with nothing else to do, his mind ran off on its own accord, which meant it going down normally forbidden roads. Thoughts he’d normally ignore, such as his life and how it turned out the way it was currently, or what lead him to waiting on a chilly New York street at dusk with his dark hair smoothed back from his pale face, dressed in a pair of tight fitting jeans, black form fitting shirt, leather jacket and tall boots.Loki shifted his stance, shoving his hands in his pockets and let out a sigh, watching as his breath puffed out in a visible mist. It was hardly worth the wait in his opinion but he needed the money to live on and it wasn’t cheap to buy his ‘affections’ these days. He was getting quite well known by interested individuals, all after the beautiful man with sharp enough wit and intelligence to cut through diamond.He’d always been caught in-between pride and disdain towards his appearance. He stood out like a sore thumb in his family, telling the entire world that he wasn’t related to that bunch. Loki was considered striking of course in his own ways, but he wished he looked more like them, possessed their traits. They were golden while he was dark.Loki let out a growl, startling a couple walking past and watching their pace pick up as they retreated. Good, let them run. Like he gave a shit.“Waiting for someone?” He turned at the voice and noticed that a car had pulled up, an expensive luxury brand at that. Well at least he was going to get paid well tonight, not that he was thrilled at the face that greeted him through the open window. The man was not attractive nor all that young. It would figure; an old, ugly man going for a young and beautiful one. He found it repulsive, but he couldn’t afford to be picky. Bills didn’t pay themselves, and food didn’t just appear on tables. So he masked his disgust and slid a seductive, teasing smirk onto his thin lips, green eyes glinting in the yellow light.  “I was, but it appears I’ve been stood up.”“Oh, well I could give you a ride. I’d hate to see you sick from the cold. What a shame would that be.” The man replied, eyeing Loki’s body and barely hiding the wanting. He opened the passenger door on the other side of the car and patted the seat, “Come on now, I don’t bite.”Loki’s eyes threatened to roll but he managed to keep them still, holding up the guise of their little charade. These transactions got unbearably old after a while.  “If it’s not too much of a hassle. I’d be grateful.”“Of course.” The man’s face twitched with a grin, so damn proud of himself for accosting a street walker in public.  Loki secretly hoped that he got caught by his wife and pushed off the balcony of his cushy penthouse suite. In fact, he was half tempted to do it himself and save the woman the hassle.“Should I give you my address?”  Loki continued to play along as he slid into the side seat and shut the door.“I thought we could stop at my home briefly if that’s not a problem with you.”“It’s not an issue.” Loki mentally sighed as the car smoothly moved forward. This was going to be a remarkably long night. ~*~ To tell the truth, he was surprised they’d even made it to the apartment building before he’d been jumped, what with how the man’s hands had been roaming up his leg and settling between them. Loki wanted to break his fingers. The man was on him as soon as they’d gotten into the large elevator and had the button pushed for the top floor. They barely made it to the penthouse.Loki shook his head as he wiped himself down with a towel and started redressing. He could hear his client’s heavy breaths and shuddered internally. He wasn’t sure if it was his sweat or the other man’s that clung to his skin. More than likely a mix of both. ‘How unpleasant’. He spared the old man in the bed a glance and contemplated smothering him with a pillow.‘You chose this life, Loki.’ He thought to himself gloomily, trying to straighten out his messy hair, ‘There shall be no shortage of men like this.’ Wasn’t that a depressing thought?Loki finished dressing and counted the money in his pocket. Five-hundred dollars wasn’t a bad pay. He’d already made over a thousand that week with the other clients he’d dealt with. With that amount the bills were as good as paid. It almost made this whole ordeal worth it. Almost. No matter how often he’d scrub his sk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Thor/Jane Foster
Steve Rogers/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Het
Slash
Domestic Avengers
Comedy
Drama
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
Friendship
Sexual Content
Implied Sexual Content
Implied Relationships
FrostIron - Freeform
Sex Work

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Thor/Jane Foster
Steve Rogers/Pepper Potts

