Work Text:
“You’re that guy that stole Flash’s car once,” says Peter’s mouth.A blade is rested lightly, almost jokingly, on top of the protruding joint of Peter’s shoulder.He stares at it, shivering just a bit, and wonders why he isn’t dead yet. Wonders if he can avoid it at this point.“Does that sound like something I would do?” asks the man in red-and-black spandex holding the non-pointy end of the katana.“You said you were mentally handicapped.” The car was parked in a handicapped spot. There’s context. Just, Peter’s a little too busy freaking out about the blade in the general neighborhood of his jugular to worry about it.“That definitely sounds like something I would do,” the crazy agrees amiably. “I once unalived a Miss World finalist, did you know that? Drawn and quartered. Bullshit, no, that was her mother. Or sister. Or daughter. At one point it gets hard to tell. But there was definitely slicing involved and, let me tell you, silicone looks like a kind of bodily fluid has no place leaking out of boobies.”Peter gapes a bit. Up to now he has been sure that there was context, but maybe there isn’t. Maybe there’s just circumstance. As a cause of death, ‘circumstance’ sucks.“But you don’t have silicone boobies.”“No, I really don’t,” Peter hears himself saying in an unfortunately familiar tone, that choked, high-pitched one he used to use with Flash before he had become truly resigned to the bullying and turned just cynically dismissive and deadpan in a way Flash and his cronies didn’t have a hope of understanding.Sometimes he dreams of winning the Nobel Prize for discovering the Missing Link (discovering it sitting in the classes of his old high school), but it’s more likely he’s going to die here tonight and not win anything at all. Ever.“Good,” the katana-wielding psycho agrees, nodding vehemently. “I mean, what’s wrong with aging with dignity?”“The… aging?” Peter guesses.“I look like I’d know? Give you a hint: no clue. Ain’t aged a day in… whoa, gotta go with ages.”The katana slides off of Peter’s shoulder. It snicks the suit, but what’s a couple of stitches between a potential killer and his victim, right? Peter wonders if this is the moment of false hope before he’s brutally skewered.The maybe-villain puts a hand on his cocked hip in a disconcertingly matronly pose and widely gestures with his sword. “It’s all up and down. You start dying in the seventies – or the eighties, maybe? That decade took it out of me – and suddenly it’s all internet and wifi and Wii and people live more inside their computers than outside. It’s like they forget about the important things.”Peter doesn’t want to say it. He really doesn’t. He just… can’t help it.“Like boobs?”The spandexed man freezes in the middle of a hand-wave (emphasized by the blade he is clutching) and gapes at Peter as if he was having an epiphany.Then he says: “I am going to stick my tongue into your mouth now-”Peter reflexively kicks him off the roof.xIt’s not that Peter doesn’t have access to SHIELD files, but he doesn’t feel like going through the hopscotch of requesting what he needs and answering questions about why he needs it and then writing follow-up reports.So he asks JARVIS.JARVIS is a good pal. He gives Spider-Man everything he wants to know and more besides.Peter’s kind of beginning to regret ever asking, only not really – he’s never been good at containing his curiosity. “Oh sweet zombie president…”“Something wrong?” Dr Banner inquires, sneaking a peek over Peter’s – okay, presently Spider-Man’s – shoulder.The screen displays the publically available part of a profile of Deadpool, who is a person of interest for SHIELD, without a clear designation of ally/enemy. The part that details the particulars of his designation in regards to SHIELD is passcode-protected, and Peter doesn’t want to ask JARVIS to hack it for him.He feels like he’s stretched the Stark hospitality a little too far already.Dr Banner huffs at Deadpool’s public profile. “You should have seen what they’ve written about me back in the day.”Peter takes it as the life lesson it is.x“I wanted to live a zombie apocalypse so bad,” Deadpool expounds, making sushi with a couple of lightning-fast slashes of his katana. “Zombies, Spidey! I feel a strange affinity with them. But then there was that thing with Abe Lincoln – that hurt my feelings! – and after Marvel Zombies came out, the idea lost all its bzzzing. But I had plans! I wanted to get nibbled a bit and watch the infection and the cancer and the healing factor duke it out. Massacre! Free for all! Battle Royale! Which one’s your bet?”Peter is a little busy webbing a mutated shark-man to the wall and thinking up references to the shittiest movies in existence (starting with Sharktopus and moving on through Sharknado to the 1990’s Night of the Living Dead for some odd reason). He doesn’t have the mental capacity for playful banter worth a sparring partner in Deadpool’s league.“Whatever would win, it’d leave you a shapeless blob
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Humor
Getting Together
Dating
Nobody Gets It
Puns & Word Play
Inappropriate Humor

fandom: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

