Work Text:
"I think," Steve said, "we should have called for back-up."
"No shit," Tony said in that dry tone that indicated quite clearly how stupid he thought you were. "I figured that out two miles ago."
Steve flushed. "Okay, fine. So you're smarter than me."
"Well, yeah," Tony said. "But don't take it personally, okay? I'm smarter than everyone." The water beneath the catwalk swelled up, spilling over their shoes and rising nearly to their ankles before sinking back down again. "Ugh. Remind me again why I followed you down here?"
"Because it was the right thing to do," Steve said.
Tony sighed. "Ask a stupid question, get a stupid answer. I forgot who I was talking to."
Steve just shook his head.
****

4 Hours Ago

 
The day had started out normally. Steve ate breakfast with Thor and Natasha. Afterward the god of thunder clapped him on the shoulder and wished him a good day, then he was gone, most likely on his way to New Mexico again. Natasha left without a word, giving him no hint of her plans for the day. Clint wandered into the kitchen and made a circuit around the room, grabbing random bits of food as he passed by, then wandered back out again, mumbling something about the firing range. Bruce got a cup of coffee, then went right back to his lab. All of this was just part of the morning routine.
The first surprise came when Tony showed up in the kitchen while breakfast was still on the table. Even more surprising, he was dressed in a fine suit and tie, and acting quite civil to everyone.
Or rather, just to Steve, since he was the only one left by the time Tony showed up.
"Where is everybody?" Tony asked while he poked at the remains of the breakfast casserole. He didn't sound particularly interested, but Steve was willing to play along. It wasn't often that Tony Stark even pretended to be a part of the team.
It was hard being a leader to such a disparate group. Too often he felt like he spent most of his time just trying to understand them all. What motivated them, what interested them, what strengths they brought to the team, what weaknesses they tried to hide. Some days he could almost see them slowly coming into harmony with each other. Other days, they made him want to punch things until his hands bled.
He still couldn't decide if living together in the Avengers Tower was a good idea or not. When Tony had first extended the invitation, shortly after their defeat of Loki, he had accepted without really thinking about it. He and Bruce had been the first ones to move in, even having some input into the design of the floors Tony had allocated for them. Clint had come a couple weeks later, just showing up one day with a duffel bag and a comment about needing a change of scenery. No one was really sure when Natasha had arrived – she was just there one morning, acting like she had always been there, the look on her face daring anyone to suggest otherwise.
Now, two months later, here they all were. Thor came and went, depending on what was happening in Asgard at any given moment, but the rest of them had settled in and made this place their home. Steve never knew what he was going to encounter from one day to the next – just yesterday he had nearly been knocked off his feet when Clint went howling past him in the hall on what had looked like a rocket-powered skateboard. But really it wasn't that much different from sharing barracks with twenty other guys, if you didn't take into account the fact that an awful lot of things here were rocket-powered, or talked back to you in pleasant English accents.
"So where are you going?" he asked. 
"Hmm?" Tony looked up, but he did not sustain the eye contact. He went over to the counter and poured himself a cup of coffee. "Oh, nothing, really. Just, this little thing, it's nothing, something about a…" He trailed off, already distracted.
Steve had intended to spend today helping out with the still-ongoing clean-up efforts in Manhattan, as he did on most days, but on the spur of the moment he changed his mind. "I'll go with you."
Tony turned his whole head to look at him. "Why?" He drew out the word, frowning in suspicion, his eyes narrowing. Then he snapped his fingers, and his features smoothed out. "I know. It's finally my turn, isn't it? You know, for the Q and A session, the get-to-know-you bit, all that. Am I right?"
Phrased in those terms, it sounded so cynical. Steve hated that, the way Tony could take even the most innocent of gestures and put a negative spin on them. He didn't even seem to know when he was doing it. It was one of the worst things about him.
Steve stood up and shrugged in what he hoped was a casual manner. "No, I'm just bored."
Tony stared at him for a little bit, then twitched his head to the side in a gesture of acquiescence. "Suit yourself. But if you ask me what my favorite color is, I might have to kick your ass."
Steve just chuckled. "You could try."
****
The "nothing really" Tony had mentioned turned out to be a visit to a plant that buil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony has PTSD
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

