Chapter 1





Chapter Text
1. 

It's the last day of finals.

It's the last day of finals, 9:04 pm at the tail end of May, and already the din has escalated past irritating into oppressive.

It isn't just the noise (laughter, both low and shrieking; phone calls of every variety and the static dry crackle that comes part and parcel with them; crying, from a sadly high number of different locations). The scents of a dozen different liquors permeate the air, made worse in conjunction with smoke and sweat and food long past expiry rotting away in the fridge. It all meshes into one blanket assault against him, a barrage from all fronts slowly winning its war of attrition.

All this would be bearable under other circumstances, but Matt's post-30 hours sans sleep, on the crashing end of a caffeine dive, and lying face-down on his bed so that the only air he's successfully breathing in tastes like the cookie crumbs Foggy somehow managed to scatter on his bed from across the room. The sense of accomplishment of having finished his first year is subdued by the desire to roll away into a grave and hibernate in blissful, isolated peace for the summer. Away from the work and the noise, and all the suffering that he can hear every minute of every day, no matter where he is in the city. All that suffering he can't stop yet, not for another two years. It gnaws at Matt, like a wound that can never truly heal. A low, thrumming, background anxiety embedded in the ley lines of New York, calling to him – howling for him on the nights when the thrum stirs into something deadlier. 

It helps when he can divert his focus elsewhere, so that he doesn't constantly run outside and punch everything in the face. Sometimes, the work is enough. Most days, though, he counts on something else.

And here it comes now, the light, climbing sweetness of vanilla at the entrance of the dorm, announcing the steady, slightly plodding gait into the hallway that lends a rhythm to the whistled tune (The Battle Hymn of the Republic?) that bobs up the stairwell. Everything in harmony together. It makes Matt smile involuntarily against his bedspread, which results in more stale crumbs in his mouth. Dammit Foggy.

The door to their room swings open with that tiny squeak from the bottom hinge and the click of metal shifting back into place as Foggy releases the knob. "What's cooking, good-looking?" he asks cheerfully, his backpack falling to the ground in a multilayered thump.

"My brains," Matt tries to say, but it comes out more like "mmrbrrnsss".

Foggy putters in, kicking the door shut behind him. He pauses somewhere at the side of Matt's bed, and makes a small sound of commiseration. "Yeesh, you look dead in the water. The final was that bad?"

"Noswasfligh. Mmjusstrrr," Matt responds.

"That doesn't sound like any language I know," Foggy says dubiously. "Maybe German, if we're being very loose with the definition of 'German'. And if you knew how to speak it. While high." He pads closer, and when his hands land on Matt's shoulder, Matt has a brief muscle spasm as his instincts fight to make him tense at the same time that his brain tells him to relax into the touch. It makes the already knotted lines of his back even tighter, but Foggy doesn't do anything to alleviate that. He just rolls Matt over with a gentle push, so that he's no longer inhaling all the filthy garbage particles on his bed like a faulty vacuum.

"I need a coup de grâce. There's some French for you," Matt groans as the same old argument over closet space begins two floors below for the ninth time this month and the acrid tang of all-purpose cleaner wafts in from the gap under the door.

Foggy tuts sympathetically, but Matt can hear the swish of his hair as he shakes his head no. "I'm not here to mercy kill you, Matt. I'm here to conscript you for an adventure!"

"If this is another street foods tour I'm bowing out now." Last time had been literal hell on his senses. Not even the devil would inflict that unholy amalgam of chili peppers and dairy on anyone.

"No, this is a much more pressing matter," Foggy says, but he sounds more amused than anything. Perhaps a touch guilty, from the way his vowels drag out a tad long.

Matt deigns to sit up, because as much as he'd like to sleep, he certainly isn't going to succeed in this environment right now. Might as well see what Foggy's gotten them into this time. "Did you accidentally join a secret society again?"

"Couldn't tell you even if I did. C'mon, wipe all the crumbs off your scruffy mug so we can go." The wobbly dip in Foggy's voice, betraying the start of a laugh, tells Matt that he's completely aware of where all those crumbs came from and that he feels no remorse whatsoever.

It isn't until they're walking at a sharp clip away from their dorm, weaving their way through the clumps of partiers littering the path, that Foggy finally tells Matt what they're doing.

"This morning I found in my inbox a...let's say, stern warning about re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Light Pining
Happy Ending
Law School
Heartbeats
Fluff
Requited Love
First Aid
minor jealousy
snickerdoodles
Epistolary
Texting
Embedded Images
Drinking
Self-Worth Issues
Canon-Typical Violence
Not Season/Series 02 Compliant
Seashells
Common Cold
Slow Dancing
Minor Illness
Friends to Lovers
or should I say Best Friends to Husbands
Weddings
Officially Married

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

