Work Text:
~~~1 ('I’ll Just Peer Pressure It Out Of You.')Tony sat stiffly at a kitchen counter in the Avengers’ Tower. He had a nice glass of orange juice and a whole pot of coffee to himself. His eyes flitted back and forth. He didn’t have much longer in peace. Firstly, the rest of the Avengers were not awake yet. Secondly…Loki. Loki would be the next to wake up, about the same time as Steve and Natasha. “Damn early risers…” And yes, he could justifiably talk; he hadn’t been to sleep yet at all.Jarvis’s voice came to him suddenly, making him jump. “Loki Laufeyson has awakened for the day, sir.” Tony took a bigger gulp of coffee than before.“Thank you Jarvis…” Tony took a few moments to run over his debate points in his head. See, Loki had a very, very persistent  inquiry to discuss with him daily, and he had to be ready to just say no. Repeatedly. No matter what, under no circumstances otherwise—He sighed heavily. Loki was entering the kitchen, dressed in a black button down shirt of Tony’s as a sleeping top, and Tony’s black lounge pants. All that messy black complete with perfectly disastrous bedhead and Tony knew that Loki was indeed prepared to pester him about something if he emerged from the room looking like that, what with one bare white shoulder and defined graceful collarbone exposed from the gaping neck of the top, eyes still lidded with the fog of sleep...Tony’s greatest weakness was a disheveled, hapless Loki, this was common knowledge—which Loki exploited when need-be.Loki sidled up to Tony, standing beside him at the counter stool, not touching him just yet but standing teasingly distant.“Good morning…” He said quietly, evenly. Tony eyed him warily and sipped his orange juice in a long pause before speaking. “Good morning to you too…” He muttered in reply, raising an eyebrow at Loki’s tranquil expression.“I missed you last night. The bed is too large and cold to sleep in alone.” Loki purred next. Tony swallowed. It was getting painfully difficult to try and tone down their sex life. And why did he want to do that? Because—“You cannot avoid it forever, Tony. Come now will it be so bad if…if we produced a demi-god together?” Loki said suddenly, meekly even. Tony sighed heavily. Here we go.“Loki…I—”“Surely it would be a significant stroke to your ego to be able to say you produced a demi-god child. That you shall have proof that you’ve bedded and impregnated the infamous God of Mischief with the Stark name...” Loki continued, finally coming closer all the way to Tony’ s side, pressing against him invitingly, hands playing in Tony’s ruffled hair. “With my natural sorcery and your mind, we would likely produce a God or Goddess of Magic. Yes? God of Magic. It sounds nice.” Loki mused. He pressed a few soft kisses to Tony’s ear and Tony all but squeezed his eyes shut in stubborn resistance.“So tell me you do not miss having me bare, no accursedly silly plastic barrier keeping your seed out of my body.” Loki whispered in his ear, just as Steve and Thor came in to grab some food after a sparring session in the gym. Loki glanced up from Tony’s ear but didn’t back away, and Tony effectively maintained composure with some more difficulty. Did not answer.“Good morning!” Steve greeted brightly, followed by a sunny wave from Thor as well. Loki only watched them blankly while Tony waved a bland greeting. This sight was all too common in the mornings. Loki hanging all over him, he himself trying his best to hold off his libido and not give in to Loki’s tempting mouth. Loki stood up straight again, staring at Tony’s feigned indifference incredulously.“Come now, get me pregnant, Stark.” Loki said quite bluntly, making sure it was loud enough for the entire room to hear. Steve blushed, the red visible on his ears even as he tried not to turn around, while Thor whipped around excitedly, immediately.“Did I hear ‘pregnant’? Loki are you expecting??” He exclaimed cheerily, and Tony hid his face in his hand, exhausted after his all-nighter and Loki’s persistence grating on his mental health.“I will be within the month.” Loki told his brother. Tony glared at him indignantly.“Loki—!”“Congratulations!! Stark and brother!” Thor was cheering, slinging arms around them both adoringly. Loki grinned a bit.“Why thank you, brother. You shall be a proud uncle.”“But Loki I did not agree—” Loki cut off Tony’s disagreements by pressing a kiss to the spot just below his ear. “Join me in the shower.” He demanded, and then traipsed from the room audaciously.“B-but I so did not agreed to that!”  

2 ('But Think Of The Brilliance--')A couple of evenings later, Tony briskly strode the halls, sketch-board in hand, planning on grabbing a bite to eat and then holing up in his lab with a shiny new project while keeping the door open in case Loki wanted to come down and watch him work.Suddenly out of nowhere Loki was hooking himself onto Tony’s arm; He seemed a bit hyper, considering Tony didn’t even see which direction he’d come from, he w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony/Loki

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Fluff
Pre-Mpreg
Impregnation Kink
Domestic Avengers
5 times meme
loki just wants a baby
tony wont agree
super slight clint/coulson mention js
good!avenger!Loki
fluffy with sexy?
slight smutty talk
no loki no
yes loki yes

fandom: 
Tony/Loki

