Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He found him hiding in the alleyway, wedged in the space where Stark Tower’s walls dipped inward just before the loading docks. 
At night, the docks were quiet, a hidden part of Stark Industries with cameras and security guards on patrol, but tucked away from the glare of the city lights. It was Tony’s favorite time of day, to duck down and grab his own private shipments from storage, to stroll through the vast spaces, filled with secured crates and locked containers, letting the events of the day decompress. He’d almost missed the pitch-black sneakers peeking out from the shadows. Not the usual place to hide; sometimes he’d see a guy or two loitering outside the front entrance, where pedestrians leaving the tower were most likely to pass their way and drop a few coins in hand. But never back here, in the alley that smelled of piss and car exhaust. 
“Uh, hello?” Tony stepped down the metal ramp, his footsteps rattling with each step. It was cool for a late spring evening, and the breeze chilled his sweat-damp skin, still covered in grease and grime from his workshop. “Hey buddy, you can’t stay out here, it gets cold at night. I know it’s spring, but it’s still New York, y’know? There’s a shelter down east on 45th that usually has space.”
The shoes disappeared into the shadows, and Tony caught a glimpse of metal on the guy’s left wrist and fingers as the man fiddled with some fabric draped around his frame.
“No way,” Stark whispered, taking a step forward. “Friday, kill surveillance out here and prep the suit. Daddy’s about to do something stupid.”
“I suppose things have been rather dull around here lately,” the A.I.’s quiet response filtered from the StarkPhone in his pocket; it wasn’t J.A.R.V.I.S.’S rapier wit, but it would do for now.
Tony crouched down, raising his arms in what he hoped was the universal sign of don’t kill the innocent messenger, and crept forward.
He wouldn’t have recognized the bearded face turned stubbornly away in the faint light, but the tips of the man’s fingers were still visible, shiny metal with distinctive lines across the backs of the digits. It was him. Tony swallowed, hard.  An inventor’s wet dream, that arm. He’d seen all the footage from D.C. and everything else J.A.R.V.I.S. could dig up last year. That arm was a work of art. Unique. A singular example of engineering that didn’t exist anywhere else in the world.
The possibly crazy and potentially deadly assassin attached to it? Maybe not so much.
“Yeah. Um. I’m not very good at this. But hey, yay, you made it this far. Maybe you should come inside now?” Stark settled on one knee, in the faint light of the security lamp overhead. Far away enough that he hoped he could run, if the guy made any sudden moves, or at least have enough space for the suit to form around him. But hey, the guy can’t be totally off his rocker if he showed up here, at Stark Tower, right? “You are, uh, James Buchanan Barnes, right? No offense, but I usually don’t invite random homeless guys into my tower.”
“Who’s askin’?” The figure grunted, pulling his shiny left arm closer, covered in what Tony could now see was a dark blue sling fitted around the man’s broad shoulders. 
The ground rattled and steam rose from the vent nearby, a subway train passing beneath their feet, and Tony tried to gentle his smile as he studied the guy, letting the noise of the train carry away his hesitation. Barnes looked like shit warmed over, as he leaned into the light. The man’s clothes hung oddly in places; his dark hair matted in knots and appeared to have been hacked at strange angles, ironically like someone with one arm and a pair of scissors had tried to trim it. It was long enough to hide the guy’s sharp jawline and too-pale face, much too pale for a guy that had been sleeping rough for a year. Barnes’s beard was a mess, too, a scraggly thing that Tony wouldn’t be surprised if the man had lice living in that thing; it almost looked alive. 
And his eyes—a brilliant blue with bruise-black bags underneath, lost and so, so afraid. The kind of fear that led men to do desperate things, haunted and fragile-looking. The man’s eyes were the only part of the guy’s face that looked alive, darting from side to side in sharp movements, as though Hydra were going to pop up from the New York sewer vents or something.
“I’m a friend of Cap’s. Name’s Tony Stark,” Stark said finally, after the train had passed. “I can help you.”
“Why?” the man grunted, skeptical. “Bet you just wanna see my arm. Stark.”
“Course I do,” Tony agreed easily, slowly rising to his feet. “But usually I try to wait until at least the second date.”
This surprised a painful-sounding laugh from the guy, and Tony grinned. “C’mon, Barnes. You can’t stay out here. It’s warmer inside, and Friday’s gonna order us some grub. You’re hungry, right? Rude to not eat when your host is eating, you know, and I’m starving.”
The man rose to his feet almost methodically, like a coil unwound, and matche
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony-centric
Tony Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Feels
Up all night to get Bucky
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Angst
Not A Fix-It
Canon Compliant
Marvel Universe
mcu - Freeform
winteriron
Winteriron Bang
mentions of torture
Mentions of PTSD
psychobabble and brainwashing
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

