Work Text:
It was so embarrassing, being around everyone, feeling the first tell tale coils of heat start to radiate out from his stomach and upwards. Almost everyone was looking at him, and all that were just knew. Bruce did his best to make his heats private, unknown. Tried to stamp them out chemically with suppressants, and like a jerk he forgot to take his damn pills.
Tony's eyes were concerned when they met Bruce's across the table. Already the physicist was having trouble keeping himself up. Oh god, this one's going to be bad. The Hulk was roaring, twisting in his own kind of pain in the back of Bruce's mind. His body chemistry wasn't made to hold both kinds of signals, he was going to crack under the pressure.
Please, he mouthed.
Tony glanced at the others. Clint, the only beta in the group, hadn't noticed anything, his own biochemistry not in tune enough to catch the pheromone cloud Bruce would be giving off. He sat watching TV across the room, unaware of anything at all. Natasha took the hint, tapped the archer on the arm, and the two of them left together. After another moment Steve left with Thor, giving Bruce a sympathetic look as he followed his mate.
"Jarvis, lock down," said Tony as the door shut, Bruce could hear the sound of locks, and they were left alone in the penthouse.
Bruce sucked in a hard breath, his knees were shaking, he was already wet, he felt like he was going to die as the Hulk's alpha impulses mixed with his own, making his blood sear in his veins like fire, and he groaned, pressing his head against the tabletop, his breath misting on the cool surface.
"So are you an omega, or is this a random heat?" asked Tony.
"Omega," he hissed. "Th-the Other Guy is an alpha, though, and because of our differing body chemistry my heats are random, but wh-when they hit-" he panted again, trying to push himself up into a standing position. "I f-feel like I'm going to turn inside out. I take pills, since it's safest, but- god, I'm gonna die-"
"It's alright," said Tony, and his hand touched him, making Bruce's entire body jerk.
"I'm sorry, I-"
"Don't be," said Tony, tilting his head, and Bruce's entire body convulsed like he'd been electrocuted. Tony's saliva, his sweat, his skin, was like a balm and he moulded to his body, trying to spread out as much contact as he could. Bruce knew there was chemistry involved but he couldn't remember it, could hardly remember his own name, and his mind was blank as he parted his lips against Tony's invitation. Oh his mouth, his clever tongue, Bruce was starting to lose everything he had and he wanted Tony to take it all.
Then Bruce found himself flipped against the table, Tony was kissing along his jaw, and Bruce arched up against him, rubbing his hips over the bulge that was already prominent in Tony's pants. He needed it, god he needed it. Felt like a jerk for forgetting to take his repression pills. Then Tony's teeth sunk into his neck, his hands encircled his hips, grinding against him and Bruce cried out.
"You know what's happening now, don't you?" asked Tony conversationally, as his hands undid Bruce's pants.
No, Tony, I don't fucking know, thought Bruce, but he didn't dare raise his voice against an alpha when he needed him so badly. He shook his head, turning when Tony prompted him, letting Tony shift his trousers and already soaked underwear down. Levied against the table, he wrapped his legs around Tony's hips, bringing them together.
"Your scent is like nothing I've ever," said Tony, and he ran his nose along Bruce's jaw, inhaling, before he ran his tongue up along the cords in his neck to his ear, and Bruce made a noise that would probably been embarrassing under other circumstances. "I doubt any of us have. Right now I can guarantee you Natasha's got Clint's face between her legs, and Thor's fucking Steve into next week," he said, and Bruce's entire body quaked.
"Fuck," said Bruce, imagining everything that was happening in the tower because of him. He wasn't sure if he should feel more ashamed, or more hot, but his body seemed to manage both as a bolt of lust shot from his toes to his head.
Tony grinned at him. "That's how good you smell. They need it now. But I get you. Fuck, I've wanted you for so long, but I thought you didn't..." he took in a deep breath and shook his head. "Alright, clothes, off, now."
Bruce's body wasn't so far gone he couldn't follow a direct order from an alpha. He sat up and ripped at the hem of Tony's shirt. Tony helped it off his shoulders and Bruce slid in close, nuzzled Tony's chest a moment, then clamped down on his neck, sucking, kissing, licking the bruise, reveling in the taste of his skin and sweat. Bruce reached down, fumbling with the button on Tony's jeans, looked at him greedily when they were off, imagined Tony inside of him. He shuddered again, digging his fingertips into Tony's hips.
"Your shirt too, Banner," said Tony.
Bruce reached up, started trying to undo the buttons, but they were slippery in his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Omega!Bruce Banner
Alpha!Tony Stark
First Time
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

