Work Text:
Honestly, Foggy’s just kind of grateful that the unconscious dude in the alley by his apartment isn’t beat up as bad as Matt was when he found him that first time.He also kind of thinks it says a lot about his life right now that those are his feelings on the subject, but it’s best not to analyze that.He cautiously approaches the guy with the tent pole he found in the dumpster (which, he doesn’t really know what that’s doing there, but he’ll take it). The guy’s dressed all in purple and sprawled out. There’s a rat eyeing him thoughtfully from behind a trash can. Foggy waves the tent pole at it. The rat is unimpressed.The guy doesn’t look that bad, actually. A little cut up and bruised, but mostly he just looks unconscious.Or dead.Foggy hasn’t really gotten close enough to check yet.“Purple dude?” He tries hesitantly. No response. He reaches out and he pokes Purple Dude a couple times with the tent pole.On the third poke, Purple Dude flails into awareness. He yanks the tent pole out of Foggy’s hand and tries to stagger to his feet, tent pole held vaguely like a weapon, but he groans and goes to his knees.“Whoa!” Foggy yelps. “Whoa, whoa, dude, it’s all okay!” The guy definitely looks familiar and Foggy has a growing suspicion as to who this dude is, so he feels pretty confident in approaching him.On seeing him, the guy swings a punch, eyes wild and desperate.“Dude,” Foggy tries again, dodging the clumsy blow. “It’s fine, it’s cool, I couldn’t hurt you even if I tried.”Foggy catches a glimpse of the hearing aid in the guy’s ear and yeah, there goes any doubt about who this dude is. He scrambles to remember his ASL- he knows roughly how to fingerspell and how to count to ten. He pinwheels his arms to get the guy’s attention."Hawkeye," he spells slowly. The guy’s eyes focus on his hands and he stills. "Is ok. Not hurt u. Want 2 help. Ok?"Hawkeye hesitates then weakly gives a thumbsup. Foggy gives a thumbsup back and drags him up. Hawkeye throws his arm around his shoulders and tries to support himself as much as he can, but he’s really not able to carry a whole lot of weight.They don’t talk again until they’re in Foggy’s apartment when he sits across from Hawkeye who’s parked on the couch looking a little lost."Hospital?" He asks. Hawkeye vigorously shakes his head, then winces, hand going to his temple.Foggy’s not surprised. The vigilante he knows doesn’t really dig medical places either."Tower?"Hawkeye gives a thumbsdown, evidently having learned the dangers of moving one’s head once one’s been knocked out.Foggy hesitates. "Have first aid kit. Ok?""OK," Hawkeye signs back.Foggy pulls out the first aid kit and starts inspecting Hawkeye’s wounds. He took a basic first aid class after Fisk, and he asked Claire some stuff, so he’s okay here, but he’s not extremely confident."Not great at this stuff, man. Sure no hospital?""No hospital."Foggy shrugs and does his best."Concussion," he signs slowly to Hawkeye when he’s done. "Tiny. Don’t go out. Can sleep on couch." Foggy isn’t sacrificing his bed just cause some guy likes to jump off walls like an idiot. Guy’s not Matt, for Christ’s sake.Hawkeye’s staring at him vaguely puzzled. "Y?"Foggy awkwardly shrugs. "Looked like need help."Hawkeye looks at him for a long moment."Clint," he finally signs."Foggy," he answers. "No blood on couch." When Foggy wakes up, Clint is stumbling around his kitchen, peering in cabinets and the fridge.Foggy taps him on the shoulder and then jumps back. He was correct to do so. Clint immediately spins around with his fists raised. He drops them when he sees Foggy. "Sorry.""Is ok."Clint shuffles. "Thanks." He moves his hand from his mouth almost like he’s blowing a kiss and spells it out. "Thanks."Foggy tries it out and Clint gives him the thumbsup. He grins. "Welcome."Clint motions at his hearing aids. "Fell off roof. Broke.""You or aids?"Clint laughs. It’s a little hoarse, but still warm. He makes a wiggly hand gesture with an either/or kind of face.Foggy laughs, too. "Fair.""B-fast?" Clint looks hopeful."What about Avengers? Worry?"Clint thinks about it for a minute. "Yes. You me go eat there."Foggy blinks. "Me 2?"Clint rolls his eyes. "Yes, u 2. Dum dum."Foggy swallows and tries to pretend he’s cooler than he is. "Ok."Clint texts someone before they leave and then they’re pretty much silent on their way to the Tower. When they get there, Clint types in a key code and the door slides open with what Foggy is fairly sure is the Star Trek doors opening whoosh.The Black Widow is standing there in a London Calling tee shirt and purple sweatpants. Foggy is proud of himself for the loud choking noise that doesn’t come out of his mouth. The Black Widow signs something too rapidly for Foggy to catch, and Clint signs back. She smiles a little, takes two small hearing aids, and chucks them to Clint.“Natasha,” she says by way of introduction, holding her hand out to Foggy. Foggy tries to regulate his heartbeat. It’s been a thing he’s been 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
matt and foggy are stupid but god bless them anyway
at least karen is entertained
Not Actually Unrequited Love
karen puts up with a remarkable amount of emotional constipation
Humor
Fluff
Angst
Angst and Humor
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

