Work Text:

Stop, Drop and Roll (With Me)
Bucky isn’t actually on call when the alarm goes off, but staying at the bar without Sam and Steve doesn’t hold all that much appeal, so he quickly chugs the rest of his beer, alcohol-free out of solidarity, and gets ready to leave as well.“Man,” Sam whines as Steve nudges him out of his seat, shooting a forlorn glance at his mostly untouched wings and fries. “Every single time.”Steve grins around his mouthful of burger. “You’re a slow eater, is all,” he accuses.“And you’re a pig, Rogers,” Bucky says, grimacing, and flicks Steve’s cheek. “Close your mouth, for fuck’s sake. No one wants to see that.”Being the annoying little shit he is, Steve opens his mouth even wider and sticks out his tongue, laughing triumphantly when Bucky makes a noise of disgust and jumps away from him, seeking cover behind a fondly resigned Sam.Despite the bickering and teasing, the three of them make it out to the truck quickly enough, Bucky taking the wheel so Steve and Sam can change into full gear in the back. “Dispatch, this is Barnes,” Bucky radios in while pulling away from the curb. “Where are we going?”“I’m not paying you overtime,” Fury warns immediately, followed by an address and, “Barton and Romanov will meet you at the scene. Kitchen accident, oil fuelled fire, no boilover so far. Make sure it stays that way.”“Yes, sir!” Bucky chirps happily, practically able to hear his boss roll his eyes at him before Fury disconnects.When they arrive at the upscale Manhattan apartment, the situation is mostly under control, which is in no small part due to the owner of said apartment having reacted correctly, and tried to cover the pot of burning oil with a lid instead of throwing water on it. He may have set the curtains, a cupboard, a table and the fruit bowl on fire in the process, but all in all, everything could have ended much worse for everyone involved.Natasha and Clint are in the basement, making sure the gas is off and they don’t all end up fried after all, and Steve and Sam are carrying around charred furniture while Bucky lingers around the living room a little awkwardly, his skinny jeans and V-neck not really the ideal sort of clothing for dealing with any of this. Besides, Fury would have his head if Bucky managed to get himself banged up while not technically on the job.At least there’s the unlucky cook for Bucky to ogle, and Bucky likes what he’s seeing. He’s on the shorter side, perfect to be tucked under Bucky’s chin, with tousled dark hair and bright, honey-coloured eyes. A little older, maybe in his late thirties, lithely muscled under the expensive shirt and slacks. And his ass is to die for, deliciously plump yet impressively firm, two good handfuls. In short; he’s gorgeous and exactly Bucky’s type.But, as Bucky watches, the guy starts twitching, goes to stuff his hands in his pockets only to suddenly bring them back up in front of his chest almost protectively, muttering erratically to himself.“Hey, are you okay?” Bucky asks, wincing when the other man startles and flinches, nearly stumbling over his own feet as he whirls around to face Bucky, obviously not having been aware of Bucky’s presence before. Bucky smiles apologetically. “Sorry about that. But are you? Okay, I mean?”Some owlish, uncomprehending blinking, and then a shaky, “Fi- fine. I’m fine.”Bucky, somewhat sceptical about the truth of that statement, scrutinises him more closely, eyes widening when he gets his first proper look at the man’s hands. “Your palms are blistering,” Bucky points out. “And I don’t know about you, but where I come from, that’s not what we call fine.”“Oh,” breathes the other man, peering down at the injuries as if noticing them for the first time. “Huh.”“Right,” Bucky says slowly, definitely worried now. Is this shock? Bucky doesn’t know how to treat shock; Sam’s the one with the medical background. And where the fuck is Sam, anyway? “Okay, uh, right. Right. What’s your name?”The man narrows suspicious eyes at Bucky, as if trying to find an ulterior motive Bucky doesn’t have, but eventually he says, “Tony.”“Nice to meet you, Tony. I’m Bucky,” Bucky says, giving a dorky little wave he instantly regrets because wow, very smooth there, Barnes. But Tony’s lips are twitching ever so slightly, and amused by Bucky’s lack of game is a huge improvement from the vacant staring, so Bucky pushes through his embarrassment to ask, “Do you have a first aid kit somewhere around here?”Tony, it turns out, does not only have a first aid kit, but an unexpectedly well-stocked one.“My friend insisted,” Tony explains, allowing Bucky to guide him into the bathroom and down onto the closed toilet, and obediently holds out his hands for Bucky to inspect. He twitches at Bucky’s assessing touch, as if he’s about to pull away, but visibly forces himself to calm down and stay put. “After the last ‘workshop incident’.”Bucky raises an eyebrow, ripping open a packet of sterile wipes and slipping on a pair of gloves. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Firefighters
Firefighter Bucky Barnes
Ex-Soldier Bucky Barnes
Pre-Slash
Businessman Tony Stark
First Kiss
Bad Pick-Up Lines
Crying
Cuddling & Snuggling
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Caring Bucky Barnes
Crush at First Sight
Hot Tea and Chocolate
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Sassy Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

