Chapter 1: Babysitting
    




Chapter Text
They were so incredibly young, four at the most, two at the youngest, and there were six of them. Six of them! And they were tiny. And quite frankly, Fury couldn’t even swear that they were all of the ages two to four, at least one of them was uncomfortably small and one of the others was a bit oversized for a toddler. Also, one was crying. A lot. “Can’t you shut them up?” growled Fury, holding his head in his hands. “You could help, you know,” snapped Coulson, rocking the small version of Clint who was sobbing uncontrollably into his government agent’s suit. “Fine,” groaned Fury. “Listen up, brats. You need to shut up or I’m going to make you shut up, do you understand me?” Bruce was four and vocal about how much he did not like Clint’s crying. Natasha, to everyone’s surprise, was quite taken with Fury, running around him, babbling in Russian excitedly. Thor was coloring on a file that looked rather important. Tony was sitting silently on the couch, watching the proceedings with intelligent eyes. At Fury’s yell, everyone in the room froze, each child blinking until one by one, they began to cry. Everyone, that was, except Tony, who remained silent and dry eyed. “Out,” said Coulson, pointing towards the door. “And send Barnes and Sam in. Now, Fury.” Fury rolled his eye but did not protest being sent away, more excited about not having to deal with five crying children and one unusually silent child. “It’s okay, let’s everyone calm down now,” said Coulson in his calm voice. “Please. Bruce, come on, sit by Tony please. Natasha, Fury didn’t mean it, he’s just under a lot of stress. You can mess with his spare jacket if you want.” “I’m out of town for a few hours and I come back to Fury telling me that the idiots managed to get turned into children?” said Bucky, opening the door and marching in like he was walking onto a yacht. “Bucky!” yelled Steve, his tears instantly drying as he ran to his long time best friend. “I missed you!” “There memory is spotty,” explained Coulson. “They seem to know who we are and that they trust us but they also don’t have all of their memories.” “Get down, punk,” said Bucky, not unkindly, pulling a Steve who had been climbing his leg off and keeping him under one arm like a sack of potatoes. “So what are we going to do about it?” “Fury is currently hiding while Hill works on finding a way to turn them back. I need you to take them back to their floor, lock the door behind you, and watch them while I try to handle the press with Ms. Potts.” “Oh no, you are not putting me on babysitting detail.” “Just take them upstairs,” said Coulson, placing Clint in Bucky’s free arm. “I’ll be up there as soon as I can.” With that, the agent left, and that was how Bucky found himself sitting in the middle of the Avengers floor surrounded by six young Avengers. Clint, once he was on the familiar floor, quit crying and started playing tag with Natasha, who turned out to be a bundle of energy. Steve ran around, dragging Bruce with him, pointing at all of the things in reach and telling the four year old what each of them were. Thor sat in front of the television and watched in rapture. Tony sat next to Bucky on the couch and eyed the rest of them as if he wasn’t quite sure what they wanted with him. “This is a nightmare,” sighed Bucky. “You’re awfully quiet, Tony. What’s up?” “Nuffin,” said Tony softly. “Tony, how old are you?” “Two,” whispered Tony, almost as if he were afraid he was going to get in trouble for that. “Damn,” cursed Bucky. “Sowwy,” said Tony, looking down at his lap. “No, it’s not your fault,” sighed Bucky. “I was just sorta hoping you’d be older. Older you, surprisingly, keeps people balanced.” “Wan Javis,” admitted Tony, curling in further on himself. “JARVIS?” called Bucky, looking up at the ceiling. “Tony needs you.” JARVIS did not respond. “Bucky, I’m hungry!” announced Steve. “Bruce is too.” “Why don’t you let Bruce tell me if he’s hungry or not,” said Bucky. “He’s a big boy, he can speak for himself.” “Tony’s a baby,” said Steve, laughing and point at Tony. “Steve,” said Bucky warningly, glaring at his pint sized best friend. “What, he is!” whined Steve, pointing at Tony who was trying to make himself even smaller on the couch than before. “Look at him! Only babies pee themselves!” Sure enough, when Bucky looked down it was to find that Tony had wet his pants, his tiny lower lip trembling in embarrassment. “Steven Grant Rogers, go to the corner mister,” said Bucky sternly. “But-“ “No buts, mister,” said Bucky, placing his metal hand on Steve’s bony shoulder and walking him to the nearest corner. “We do not make fun of our friends, do you understand me? Now you will stand here quietly until I come back and have a chat with you.” Before Steve could protest, Bucky turned his back on the young soldier and went back over to Tony, picking up the tiny toddler easily and shushing him as he walked to the open kitchen wear child care supplies 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Age Regression/De-Aging
Tiny avengers
Pajamas & Sleepwear
Bucky barnes babysitter
Supernanny Phil Coulson
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
But young avengers are too cute
Avengers Movie Night
Cuddling & Snuggling
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Big Brother Thor
Steve is a little shit
Baby hulk

fandom: 
None
