Work Text:
At some point when he doesn't notice, Barnes's watching changes. It's no longer really surveillance. It's no longer the quality of study when one is attempting to learn the character and habits of a target. It's more as if Steve is the only thing his eyes want to see. The reason for the change is unclear. No part of him has an answer. So he watches."Jeez, why are you standing right on top of me, Buck?" Rogers says.Unknown."You okay, buddy?" he asks, "you're even quieter than usual.""I'm okay."But this doesn't seem to be the answer that Steve wants, because he frowns and stares into Barnes's face until it's uncomfortable to hold his eyes. Barnes has to look over Rogers's stupid muscle-bound shoulder until Rogers sighs and turns away.There is a sensation in Barnes's chest like mission jitters. Purpose unknown. No known parameters changed. Missions go like this sometimes. There is a change, unclear from the outside, that could affect outcomes. Barnes knows what to do: keep silent, observe until the new pattern becomes clear and mission parameters can be adjusted. He watches. But he doesn't sleep well, and words are stopped up in his mouth again. It's like his early days in the tower, as he haunts the empty hallways before dawn and sits crammed into the corners of sofas, staring out.Which is what he is doing one morning when Steve stumps out of his bedroom toward the kitchen. He's just back from a mission and still in that state of trading off eating with sleeping. Before Barnes can rouse himself to go sit on a kitchen stool and stare, Steve returns, glass of orange juice in one hand and piece of bread in the other.He stands in front of the balcony door, wearing nothing but those boxer briefs they both like (containment plus flattering: approved modern invention), his hair sticking up in all directions. What a dope. The reddish morning sun makes Steve look molded out of some gold metal. He sneezes, then smiles, close-lipped around the mouthful of bread. He shoves the last bit of bread into his mouth and stretches tall, so smoothly that the orange juice barely sloshes in its glass. Steve looks like a giant, stretched up in that slanting light. It is a study in proportion. In gold and red. In contour and shadow.Barnes's body does a new thing. He looks down at this new thing his body has done. From this angle, it’s a damn impressive thing.Awkward, though. And. Private. He doesn't want to talk about this new thing with Steve.He rises from the sofa, and his silence gets him all the way to the back hallway before Steve says, "Oh, hi, Bucky! I didn't know you were up."Barnes waves. Up. You don't even know, pal.In the shower, he can make an examination of his new body thing. Perhaps there are more internal components of the self than he is aware of, because his hand knows how to attend to this thing: it knows how to grasp, to pull, to establish a rhythm that causes his pulse rate to increase, that creates pressure building in his belly. The pressure takes up more and more room inside him until the space behind his eyes replays that image of Steve, stretched and golden, and Barnes breaks into pieces. He melts down. Even the plates in his left arm shift, and he bites his lip to keep silent while he shatters and it is terrible but it is also so good. For one pulsing second he is outside everything: there is no memory or mission, no pain. All of him is only yes.Barnes's knees feel wobbly, so he sits down to pant and let the hot water fall on his head. He will sit under the water for as long as it takes for his pulse to return to normal and for him to feel safe in open spaces. At the moment, all his edges feel tender, as if he were delicate and could be easily hurt.There is a lot to think about, assuming his brain ever works properly again. This new thing could be extremely problematic. It was one thing to tease Steve and make him blush, or to speak of emotion when holding everyone at arm's length. If he tries to step closer, will Steve push him away. In that case, it would be better to keep silent. Maintain status.But now the briefing has recovered from their adventure, and it shows him things. Carter in Steve's lap, her hands undoing his shirt while his mouth moved over her neck. Two GIs standing in the dark space between buildings, foreheads touching and hands pumping at the front of each other's trousers. The way Potts arches her neck and opens her mouth when Stark leans over the back of the sofa to kiss her.Even though: Stark. Gross.Never mind, the briefing will show him more. Steve's hands gripped around Carter's waist. Those GIs, kissing to stifle their own moans. The Bucky-person, curled in a ball on a rickety iron bedstead, pretending to be asleep and therefore to not hear the rustles and sighs from the other side of the room. That was Lyon: a week back at base so Steve could rustle up new missions and new bite marks on his shoulders.You'd have to bite pretty hard to leave marks like that. Steve is tough.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (past)

freeform: 
Sarcasm
Pining
Communication Failure
Stress Baking
the most prudish porn you'll ever read
let's forget AoU ever happened
cursing
referenced past sexual assault (not explicit)
My headcanon is a kinder universe than the MCU

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (past)

