Chapter 1: Osobliwość
    




Chapter Text
The pack meeting was called suddenly, by Derek of all people, and that usually meant something bad was happening. So, naturally, to soothe a group of hungry werewolves, Stiles bought four large meat lovers pizzas to take with him. It was obvious, really. Soothe the man eating beasts with lots of greasy, meaty, cheesy goodness.
 
When Stiles pulled up outside of the Hale house in his jeep, he paused for a moment. It was… strange. Everyone’s cars were parked outside, and it was unusual to see everyone already there, ahead of Stiles. It was almost as if they had started without them.
 
But they were a pack. They wouldn’t do that. Would they?
 
No. Stiles could feel the twinge of the pack bonds, warm and swelling in his chest, reassuring himself that he was pack and part of the group, and loved. The bonds helped to ease some of his anxiety that naturally hummed under his skin, the soft presence assuring him that there were at least these people to make sure he was safe.
 
After a brief moment of checking and making sure the bonds were still there, that the love he felt was still strong and bright, he hopped out of the jeep and grabbed all four pizzas, managing to balance them in his arms as he walked to the door. Just as the cardboard boxes were set down, there was a loud voice from inside. Stiles froze where he was standing, cursing his human hearing for the first time in a while. They were arguing.
 
He was torn; should he go in and try to calm the situation, or should he leave it to be dealt with? Listening in through the door won out, in the end. And what he heard would change him for a very, very long time.
 
---------
 
Derek had called everyone to his home to talk about the pressing matter on everyone’s minds. Stiles. He was the human of the pack, and had recently been the focus of the last few attacks on the pack. He was the weakest member - with Derek, Scott, Isaac, Boyd, Erica, and Jackson as wolves, and Lydia a banshee, paired with Malia and Kira, they had the supernatural elements covered. Even Allison, the other resident human, had extensive training and self defense knowledge. Stiles was the weakest link.
 
So when Derek brought up the idea of pushing him from the pack, he was met with varying reactions. At first, it was complete resistance from everyone but Jackson. But after the reasoning was explained - it would keep him safe, distanced from the pack and the people that could hurt him - more of the pack started to accept the idea. Everyone but Scott and Lydia, really.
 
It had taken everyone by surprise when Scott had literally growled at Derek. They were co-Alphas, so fighting between those two could be very, very dangerous. Isaac had been the first to notice Stiles’ scent coming closer and staying outside of the door, as well as the pizzas. When Isaac suggested that the growling match stop was when the yelling started, by Scott, of course.
 
“How can you guys just take this lying down?! This is Stiles. Human of the pack, best researcher we’ve got - no offence Lydia - and he’s smart, in case you haven’t noticed. We need to be able to keep him safe! Pushing him from the pack would make it harder to do that!” he yelled, his eyes flashing red when he glared back at Derek, who growled before raising his own voice in response.
 
“You think I want to put Stiles in danger? Pack is family, Scott! But he’s doing more harm than good to himself at this point, and he needs to distance himself from us. We need to push him out. Stiles isn't pack anymore,” Derek frowned, his eyebrows drawing together as he glared at Scott.
 
Neither of the Alphas were open enough to their surroundings to hear or smell Stiles outside of the door; and not even the salty damp scent of tears didn’t break through their angry haze. What finally did was the sound of the Jeep door slamming shut, the engine starting, and Stiles practically ripping out of the driveway to get home. Home. Not the Hale house. Not the place he had considered home a few hours ago.
 
It took Scott a moment to make his way to the door and open it, and the residual scent of grief and sadness and self-hatred combined with greasy meat pizza told him that Stiles had been there. He had heard. Stiles knew.
 
Scott turned sharply and growled, low and rough, and practically pounced on Derek. “He was there! He heard us!”
 
Derek scoffed, trying to put a front over his pain. He had lost Stiles. His Stiles. “Good. We won’t have to tell him.”
 
-------
 
Stiles had to pull over on his way home thanks to emotions. He was tempted to reach down for the pack bonds in his chest to reassure him, but they felt a little weaker. So he settled for an appropriate pain response to try and pull him out of his fairly bad anxiety attack, and dug his nails in the skin around his wrist, leaving behind deep half moons, bruised from the pressure. He was able to take heavy, shaking breaths at that point, and let out a soft sigh. Fuck.
 
He wasn't 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stiles/Isaac (epic platonic friendship so it needs to be up here)
Loki & Stiles (but it's like the best and most awesome pack bond best friend thing)
Scott McCall/Kira Yukimura
Allison Argent/Isaac Lahey
Allison Argent/Isaac Lahey/Scott McCall
Allison Argent/Isaac Lahey/ Scott McCall/ Kira Yukimura
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Lydia Martin/ Jackson Whittemore/ Malia Tate
Peter Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Derek Hale/ Stiles stilinski/ Peter Hale
Pack/Pack
Everyone/Everyone
THE ENTIRE PACK FUCKS

freeform: 
Uncle Phil Coulson
Stiles is Pushed Out of the Pack
Minor Injuries
BAMF Stiles
Magical Stiles Stilinski
Mage Stiles Stilinski
Stiles-centric
Hurt Stiles
Angst
like really heavy with the angst
tagging things sucks
Derek Hale is emotionally constipated
Scott is a good bro
but Lydia is the ultimate bro
Tony is like an overprotective dad
Everyone Loves Stiles
Tagging as I go
Scott can be super duper dense
Stiles and Isaac are like platonic boyfriends
i love these idiots
Tony knows about werewolves on the downlow
Stiles is fluent in Polish
Stiles Stilinski Can Sing
Stiles likes to cook
Stiles Has Scars
Scars
Scarred Stiles
Clothing has no gender y'all
Stiles wears cute clothes and makeup
and also pink hair
Stiles is a Badass
Derek is a dork in love
failwolves
all of them - Freeform
Platonic physical contact
There is sex in chapter 11
It's tipsy sex so watch out
Stiles Stilinski is Not a Virgin
Like no way
Tony Stark cares
Derek Hale is an idiot
Talia kept a diary when she was little
Doing the nasty
Panic Attack
Stiles has a panic attack
tattooing
there's a tea to prevent pregnancy? Idk if I tag that but
Pregnancy Prevention
succubi
Bucky being helpful
Stiles is a little reckless
Phil is like a dad
Stiles is squeamish
he faints at the sight of blood
Stiles is working on control still
Stiles is a part of the Avengers
Minor Character Death
Yes there's sex in chapter 17 too
it's a huge orgy ft the whole pack omg
Deaton does the Star Wars thing
Lots of Sex
Like Lots
but it's soft sex???
Just read it it's good I pinkie promise

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stiles/Isaac (epic platonic friendship so it needs to be up here)
Loki & Stiles (but it's like the best and most awesome pack bond best friend thing)
Scott McCall/Kira Yukimura
Allison Argent/Isaac Lahey
Allison Argent/Isaac Lahey/Scott McCall
Allison Argent/Isaac Lahey/ Scott McCall/ Kira Yukimura
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Lydia Martin/ Jackson Whittemore/ Malia Tate
Peter Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Derek Hale/ Stiles stilinski/ Peter Hale
Pack/Pack
Everyone/Everyone
THE ENTIRE PACK FUCKS

