Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Since the Avengers had made Stark Tower more or less their home, the top floor living room had become a place of relaxation and safety after a long day of keeping the peace and battling off various spurious villains.  Today, however, as everyone arrived either via the landing pad or the elevator, it was simply a place with lots of available couches and flat surfaces to collapse on.  Clint made a face as he stretched a little, keeping one hand gingerly to his side as if afraid one of his ribs might take the movement as an excuse to pop out of place.  The bruising beneath would be spectacular before long, no doubt, but it would also be in good company with other assorted wounds on his skin.  “No offense, Thor, but your brother is an asshole,” he summed up the situation quite effectively.  While Thor had the good grace to wince and look away, other members of the team took the opportunity to speak their minds as well.  Bruce came out of the elevator - Natalie a smooth shadow in his wake, doing a grand impression of a slightly battered, lethal angel - in a new set of sweatpants, catching the comment even as he self-consciously pulled on a shirt as well.  He noted with an apologetic frown, “Yeah, I might love you like a brother, Thor, but if I see Loki again… I think I might kill him.  With or without the help of the Big Guy.”  He gave his chest a significant little tap, which was no longer green nor the intimidating size of a small tank, but still held the Hulk somewhere in there like a promise.  A deadly promise.  The Hulk hadn’t managed to get his mitts on Loki today, but he’d tried his damnedest to, while the dark-haired Asgardian had flickered in and out of reach with the dangerous dexterity of an assassin’s knife.  Loki had done that with pretty much everyone today, but no one so much as the owner of Stark Industries himself.Everyone was pretty exhausted and scraped up, but at least the Cap was near enough and still had adequate reflexes to run out and catch Tony as he came in for a rocky landing and more or less stumbled towards the automatic doors that led into the expansive living area.  The glass doors and walls offered a helluva view, as well as being tough enough withstand a military attack and sensitive enough to only open obligingly for a small list of people: - the Avengers, namely, plus a few select others from S.H.I.E.L.D.  Fury was not on the list, which made him, not surprisingly (but perhaps a bit ironically), furious.  Given the one-eyed man’s name, Tony was of the opinion that it was Nick Fury’s natural state of being, so they shouldn’t worry about it overly much.  “Jarvis, get me out of this right the fuck now!” Tony could be heard shouting, talking about the Iron Man suit.  Even after having dealt with Loki today, everyone winced a little.  There were moments when Stark’s temper was considered worse than Banner’s - or at least harder to deal with, because he wasn’t color-coded to show when he was dangerously mad or merely peeved.  At the moment, Tony was still out on the landing pad, suited up except for the visor of his helmet, which was up to provide the full experience of his fractious commands.Only the AI seemed unimpressed, although the posh, bodiless voice perhaps sounded a bit like there was a flinch hidden in there.  “I’m afraid I can’t, sir.  Whatever Loki did to the suit, it’s making it incompatible with the removal procedure.  The walkway won’t recognize it.”Tony swore colorfully even while leaning rather heavily on Rogers.  The left boot of the suit was still sputtering weakly, explaining the bad landing, and only by lifting it off the ground was Tony able to keep it from trying to lift him off the ground.  Large portions of the suit looked prematurely rusted.  Everyone knew that Tony’s lab might not have been immaculate, but his suits always were, so even if they hadn’t seen Loki’s magic spatter against the Iron Man suit like liquified light, they would have known that the rusting wasn’t natural.  None of it had touched his skin yet, but no one wanted to wait around and see what would happen if that occurred.  “Thor, what was that?” Steve asked as he tried to keep his own balance and Tony’s, all the while not touching the faint, gleaming smears of… whatever it was that had eaten through steel and carbon alloys.  It wasn’t anything that Jarvis recognized, but that was par for the course with Loki vs. Iron Man and his tech.  “Magic,” was all Thor was able to say, looking resigned and surprisingly helpless for a man - a God - so big.  “That is all I can speak of with certainty.  I do not think that it was meant to harm Lord Stark.”“Not harm, my ass,” Tony gritted out, before finally just reaching up and ripping the headpiece free entirely.  Much of his hair was sweated down to his head, but some of it took the opportunity to stand up in all directions.  “Okay, I’m getting out of this by hand.  For the record, this does not mean that the old school meth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James Bond/Q
James Bond/Q/Alec Trevelyan

freeform: 
JAQ cuddle fluff
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Voyeurism
Loki is a special kind of annoying
But he's got his reasons
non-canon backstory
Gods!AU
Surprise Tony you're a god!!
Explicit Sexual Content
Threesome - M/M/M
Double Anal Penetration
PCC (post-coital crankiness)
misuse of magic for the greater good
Anal Fisting
Tony Stark is annoying for the greater good
Loki needs hugs

fandom: 
James Bond/Q
James Bond/Q/Alec Trevelyan

