Chapter 1: Nightmares
    




Chapter Text
The sun was just rising when Tony Stark pulled himself up from the workshop. He usually would have gone to bed already, but for some reason, he was having a hard time sleeping. Plagued by nightmares, he stayed awake as long as he could but he eventually would have to sleep. So he would take a few sleeping pills and hopefully get a few hours before he woke up, shaking and scared. Then the cycle would begin again. Sleep for a few hours, get awoken by a nightmare, go down to the workshop and work for days on end, then come back up sleep again. Sometimes, there were meetings he had to go to, but others he just skipped. It had become a seemingly endless routine that was wrecking havoc on Tony's well being. Not to mention his attitude. He has become more withdrawn, depressed, and found it harder to talk to people then it has ever been.  He puts on a mask to hide what he is really feeling, though the people close to him can see through it easily enough. Rhodey had noticed and had said something vaguely in the direction of “I'm here if you need it,”. Tony had told him that he was fine, but he could tell that Rhodey did not believe him.	When he reached his floor, he was not surprised to see Pepper waiting for him. Pepper had been an amazing person ever since the New York attack. Even though she was still angry at him for flying a nuclear bomb into a portal, and almost dying, she stayed by his side supporting him through the tough times. He loved her for that. He knows that he can trust her to take care of him, and his company. They had tried their luck at a relationship, but it didn't quite work out. They still remained close, just not as close as Tony would have liked.	“Pep, how's it going?” He walked over to where she stood and gave her a light kiss on the cheek. She returned the gesture, but he could tell that something was bothering her. “What's wrong?”	“You haven't seen the news lately?” Pepper did not look surprised at this. Instead she flicked her wrist, and a couple holograms appeared before them. 	The news footage was from Washington, the SHIELD headquarters to be exact. Tony frowned, and made the image bigger. Three helicarriers had been deployed, shot at each other and crashed into the surrounding river. He recognized his work in the repulsor technology, and it made him frown. He did remember working with SHIELD to build them, but he was told that there would only be one helicarrier, not three. And why had they shot each other out of the air? He read some of the headlines, and raised an eyebrow at the name that popped up several times. Captain America was not someone Tony would have thought this attack had any relation to. He also saw that SHIELD has been officially shut down. Not that he was surprised. After their stunt that they played in New York and the nuclear bomb, he had been wanting to shut them down himself. 	“Hmm,” Tony didn't really know how to explain what he was feeling at the moment, so he brushed it off. “Well, it had to happen sometime,”	“Tony,” Pepper said, the tone of her voice reflecting the disappointment that she felt. She had thought that Tony would show a little bit of emotion, even if it was anger. She was getting worried about him. He seemed less....Tony. He didn't go to parties, he didn't drink much, and spent most of his time in his workshop building more and more suits. She knew that he was hurting, but she didn't know how to help him. She just wished that he would talk to her. “I know that most of the people who worked for SHIELD are now out of jobs, and was wondering if we may offer some of them jobs here at Stark Industries. Security, Tech support, or even management. We could use some of their expertise,”	Tony didn't like the idea of having ex – SHIELD agents working in his building, but he supposed that it might do his company some good. Since Pepper thought that they needed them, he would go along with it. He would watch the new employees carefully though. He would have to put up some extra protection of his firewalls to make sure that they didn't get access to some of his more sensitive materials. 	“Fine. Hire whoever you think would be good. Now is that all? I'm kinda tired and would like to get some sleep.” 	“Just to remind you that you have a board meeting tomorrow at one that you cannot miss so I will be here at noon. This one is about the activation of some of the arc reactors. You need to be there to give your approval.” Pepper handed him a tablet with all of the meeting details on them.	“Aww, Pep,”	“No whining,”	“But-”	Pepper gave him one of her signature looks that shut him down pretty quickly. He knew better them to argue with her. So he surrendered and said that he would go. She gave him one last look before taking her leave. He watched her go, and groaned when she was out of earshot. He really did not want to go. He knew that he could trust pepper to make the right decisions, but since he was the owner of the company,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mutant!Tony
Hydra (Marvel)
Assassination Attempt(s)
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony with powers
Bucky with powers
Awkwardness
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Hides Things Again
Angst
hurt!Tony
Depression
Slow Build
Slow To Update
Top!Bucky
bottom!tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

