Chapter 1: Prelude In the Park
    


Summary:

Because , really, someone had to ...



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony Stark wondered what Loki was up to this time. According to the alarms, he had been seen in the same park the Avengers fought him in about 3 months ago, not far from Stark Industries HQ. Bruce wasn’t in town, but most of the others were. Tony smiled inside the helmet. Iron Man would be there before any of the rest of them, and he still owed Loki for the last time.
He boosted speed. The last time he made it from civilian clothes in his office to suited up and in the park in two minutes; the new modifications might mean he made it even faster. His left arm still hurt and if he hadn’t managed to invent a brand new means of speeding up healing (which was about to make Stark Industries a fortune in sports medicine) he would still be in a cast. He figured the suit’s reinforcing should do. Anyway it was Loki who had broken his arm and damaged his last suit, and Tony intended to even the score.
Natasha was trying to coordinate the team’s arrival, as usual; also as usual, Tony was ignoring her.
“Give us ten minutes, “her working voice, devoid of any expression except annoyance, insisted in his ear.
“You owe me fifteen from last time… I’ll take it out of that.” Tony smiled and cut the link because he could already see the park, and Loki was making no effort to hide at all.
He was sitting on top of something that Tony vaguely remembered as having been a park sculpture, not a twisted pile of metal. The park was not on fire, at least, unlike last time.
“Hey, Rudolph, we have got to stop meeting like this, people will talk…” Tony landed in a clear area daring Loki to take the first shot. He did, with a green dart of energy aimed at the suit’s main targeting system.
Tony fired a small burst at Loki while scanning around him; the damn bastard had a habit of setting up illusions to take the obvious shots while sneaking in behind him. Sure enough Loki appeared, too close, on his left side. He spun and brought up all weapons.
“Destruction of a public art project?” smirked Tony as green energy and rockets lit up the park. “I kind of thought vandalism was beneath your supervillain status.”
One of his rockets made it through the green shields and knocked Loki backwards into a tree, where, instead of breaking the tree, he vanished into green smoke. Tony had a sudden very, very bad feeling. He turned back to the wreckage and metal and Loki was right there behind him, and as he moved he turned right into a blade that was too tough and too sharp. He’d been fighting the illusion… the real Loki had actually been on the wrecked sculpture and simply come up behind him as he was distracted.
“Sonofabitch!” Tony snarled as a piece of his suit peeled away.
“Now Stark, “Loki had that psychotic smile that showed he was enjoying every minute of this, “Can’t you come up with anything more creative than that?” and he leaned into the blade. A disturbingly important looking piece of red and gold metal separated from the rest of the suit.The suits alarms were all screaming in his ear. Tony tried to reactivate the comm link, but the suit had diverted all power to system integrity. Loki had managed to damage the main stabilizers, and he didn’t dare try to fly without them.
“If I get out of this, Natasha, I swear …” he was into his third promise to reform as he finally managed to clear some distance between himself and Loki.
Loki was laughing; head back, eyes blazing green,”Your arrogance will be your downfall, Stark! Did you really think I would use the same tactics every time?”
Get a room
Tony fired an pulsed energy wave that caught Loki, the real Loki this time, by surprise.
“You apparently thought I would, Princess…”Loki snarled, and was up and closing with that impossible speed. Now it was suit strength versus Immortal, and his suit was already damaged. Loki grabbed him by the right arm and twisted and the metal began to groan under the strength of his fingers. Tony managed to get the comm link open, “Hey guys? Can I owe you back a few minutes on that ten?”
Get a room
Loki ripped his face plate off, and the comm link went with it. “I still owe you for that gag, Stark, maybe I can start by taking out your tongue…”“GET A ROOM!”
Cutting through the adrenaline rush, Tony suddenly realized that those were words… that someone was…shouting? At them. Judging from Loki’s expression he was hearing the same thing. Carefully keeping Loki in his peripheral vision, as much as he could with what he realized was blood dripping down his face, not sweat, he looked for the source of the voice. Fortunately for him, Loki was doing the same.“GET A GOD DAMN FUCKING ROOM!”
The woman yelling at them was standing near some park benches not far away from the fight. She had an insane expression and an even more insane knit hat on. She was covered in leaves and debris and had probably gone for cover 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel) & Other(s)

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Explicit Sexual Content
Knitting
Fannish Knitting
Canon-Typical Violence
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Past Drug Use
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Car Accidents
BDSM
Knifeplay
Adrenaline
Drunk Driving
Bad Parenting
Past Abuse
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Good BDSM Etiquette
Past Torture
Humor
Sexual Humor
Loki Discovers the Internet
Manipulation
Dom/sub
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Dubious Ethics
Autoerotic Asphyxiation
Asphyxiation
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Loki
Tony Being Tony
Tony Has Issues
Rope Bondage
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Angst with a Happy Ending
since i was asked

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Loki (Marvel) & Other(s)

