Work Text:
[1]
As they walk up the stairs to Matt’s apartment, Foggy’s telling some story about watching a grandma get into a fight with a busker playing the tuba on the subway, and Matt’s laughing so hard that he doesn’t hear it until too late.
“‘Listen here, Tuba Man - ’ she kept calling him ‘Tuba Man’ like that was his superhero name - ‘listen here, Tuba Man, I didn’t live to be ninety-three to hear someone butcher ‘I Got Rhythm,’ so you can just - ”  Foggy finally notices that Matt’s gone still and alert.  “Matt?  What’s wrong?”
“You need to go.”
“What?”  Foggy’s heartbeat ratchets up, and there’s the first whiff of anxious pheromones, of sweat.  “Why?”
“Foggy, please, just...I swear I’ll tell you tomorrow, but right now you need to leave.”  What’s about to happen is sure to be bad enough without Foggy getting involved.
He senses Foggy’s head swiveling towards the door.  “There’s someone in your apartment, isn’t there.”  Matt’s silent.  “Matt, come on!  I’m not letting you face them alone.  They’re breaking and entering, we can call Brett, we can - ”
“Foggy, it’s fine.”  Matt feels a little hysterical.  “I can deal with him.  Please, just listen to me this once and - ”
“I’m not leaving you, Matt!”
Footsteps.  It’s too late.
The door swings open.  “So this is your better half, huh?”  Stick tilts his head, appraising them.  “I thought I told you you didn’t need a guide dog, Matty.”
Matt feels Foggy bristle next to him.  “Who the fuck are you?”
Matt moves a half-step in front of Foggy.  He doesn’t think Stick will go after him, but better safe than sorry.  He’s still not sure how he feels about Stick, but he’ll tear him apart if he touches Foggy.
“I thought I told you to stay out of my city,” he says, his voice even and low.
“Now is that any way to greet an old friend?”
Foggy’s watching this like a tennis match, and Matt hears the hitched breath as he realizes.  “You’re...you’re him.  The ninja asshole.  Tree, or whatever.”
“Foggy…” Matt growls.  Stick’s probably not going to go after Foggy, but that doesn’t mean he should antagonize him.
“What?  This douchebag has to pick on little kids to get his jollies.  I’m not scared of him.”  Foggy’s not lying, Matt realizes.  He’s practically vibrating behind Matt, but it’s not with fear.  It’s with fury.
“Gave him kind of a jaundiced view of events, didn’t you, Matty?” Stick asks.  He sounds amused.  Matt wants to break his jaw.
Foggy somehow, marvelously, gets even angrier.  “I can draw my own conclusions when my best friend tells me some creepy asshole used to beat on him when he was ten, thanks,” Foggy says.  “Now get the fuck out of Matt’s apartment before I call the cops on your predator ass, not to mention check the statute of limitations on child abuse.”
“Foggy.”  Matt puts a hand on Foggy’s arm to stop him from actually dialing his phone.  “Go home.”
Foggy stiffens.  “What?  Matt, he’s…”
“I know,” Matt says.  “I can handle him.  What I can’t do is handle him while worrying about you.”  He tries to tune out Stick’s amused snort, and slides his hand up Foggy’s arm to grip his shoulder.  He knows he’s not really looking Foggy in the eye, but pointing his face towards the sound of Foggy’s breathing and looking earnest has worked wonders in the past.  “I promise not to do anything stupid.”
It is probably a sign of something that both Foggy and Stick snort at that.  Matt ignores it.
“I’ll call you when he’s gone.  Please, Foggy.”  He makes himself smile.  “If I deck him I’ll tell you all about it so you can gloat.”
Foggy pauses, then sighs, a rattling exhale that ruffles Matt’s bangs.  “Fine.  But I will have both Cla - uh, Hottie McBurnerphone and, uh, our cop friend on standby.  Understand?”  That last is directed at Stick, who chuckles.
“Good boy,” Stick says.  “Now go.  Heel.”
Foggy tenses under Matt’s hand and Matt gives him a squeeze, then lets him go.  After a moment in which Foggy is most likely glaring daggers at Stick, he leaves, and they both listen to his footsteps recede down the stairs.
“Say what you’re here to say and get out,” Matt says the minute the front door shuts behind Foggy.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” Stick asks instead.
“Quite a bit, but I’m sure a therapist could have fun picking out how much of it is your fault,” Matt replies, pushing past him into the apartment.  “You don’t get a beer this time, by the way.”
“I already drank two.”  Stick shakes his head.  “No attachments, Matty, remember?  And to that guy?”
That guy is the best thing that’s ever happened to Matt, a blessing he will never deserve, but that’s not for Stick to know.  As if Stick could ever understand.  “Even warriors need a day job,” he says instead.  “The firm pays the bills.”
“I’m not talking about your little play office,” Stick says.  “Hell, I don’t give a shit if you let him stick it to you ten times a day.”
Matt huffs an annoyed noise.  Plenty of people have assumed he and Foggy are more than friends, but never anyone who can smell exactly how many sexual par
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

