Work Text:
"So, Bruce. That was a bit of a mess." Tony puts his tablet down, looking out the car window. He then pauses, adjusting the phone against his ear. "Want a drink?"And that's how Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne get completely shitfaced.Between Bane and Loki, two of America's greatest cities are pretty much in ruins. Bruce has lost everything - among the material wealth, he's seemingly also lost his life - while Tony is dealing with stocks falling - again - and funding repairs and patching his life back together."Explain to me again why you're pretending to be dead," Tony says, handing him another bottle of beer. No scotch, no tequila, just plain old beer from dirty bottles, the way they'd drunk it at MIT, before Bruce started on his teetotaler thing. Now a lifetime away. "It's stupid. You had the proof, man, and I'd have backed you, I'd have lent you Pepper - or maybe not Pepper, she'd kill me, for real, I'm not high on her list of favourite people at the moment, what with nearly dying and then there's the company-""I'm no hero." Bruce contemplates his bottle. The label is scratched, peeling off at one corner.Tony stares. He gapes.Bruce looks up when no words at all are coming from Tony. "You know what I mean." He gestures with the bottle. "I saved my city, sacrificed myself - except for the part where I clearly didn't - and went out on a high note." He shrugs nonchalantly."Hm," Tony grumbles. He isn't buying it. "Still a hero. Died a hero." He uncaps a new bottle for himself and takes a large swig. "You know. For a moment there, I thought you'd really gone."Bruce picks at the label on his bottle. It's coming off in small bits."I went through every single cell phone and press footage I could get my hands on," Tony continues. "Looked for a... hint, I suppose. A shadow in the cloud, an alien teleport beam, anything that'd mean you might be alive." Tony raises his bottle towards Bruce. "It took me a while to discover that no one was on board that thing.""I never wanted to die," Bruce says. "I saw a way out. I saw a solution to everything. The hero thing." He sighs and knocks back half of the bottle. "I'm not a hero, Tony. I never was. This way they may think I am, but I know the truth. I'm an illusion; a symbol. Something to believe in. It works. I just needed to die first.""And then?" Tony says. "You left your city. You aren't protecting it anymore. That's pretty out of character, even for you, buddy."Bruce's lips curl into a small smile. "Is that what you think?" He takes a large sip from the bottle. Tony is again not talking, so Bruce lowers the bottle and sighs. "I can't be the hero Gotham needs. They need a different hero now. I gave it to them. I can't be batman anymore. Instead...I do other things."Tony doesn't say anything, but Bruce seems to know what he's thinking. It was often the case when they were young, but the years have taken their toll. Bruce has been away a lot. They don't have the same rapport they used to have, but tonight, they seem to fall into old habits, old ways. Or maybe they are pretending."Not every part of Wayne Enterprises was run into the ground," he says. "The charity funds still live. There's not a lot in them, but... they're doing all right. Fundraising's going well, and Selina - well." He shrugs. "I'm doing a lot of good, now.""I suppose." Tony eyes Bruce. There are lines in his face, lines which weren't there eight years ago and his hairline has maybe receded a little. It's hard to tell. And they are getting old, Tony knows that, but Bruce isn't supposed to look like this. No hint of gray, unlike Tony, who's taken to dyeing his hair to cover up the traitorous grey at his temples. But there is weariness there, the sort of weariness that comes with the ages, that comes with despair and loss and fighting, getting broken and rebuilt and then broken again. "How's Selina?" Because of course Tony knows Selina, he's had a sort-of-run in with her once; she didn't take anything, but that was only because he'd just updated JARVIS that morning and she'd not been prepared for that."She's good." Bruce smiles and the lines don't smooth out; they become deeper. And softer. "I think she's happy."Tony very carefully doesn't mention Rachel, never mentions Rachel because she is a Sore Topic, but there's a fact, and the fact is - Rachel was - still is? - idolised, an icon, something utterly unattainable, and when Bruce thought he'd had a chance, he'd let his guard down. It'd only been for a brief moment, but it'd happened, and then, well. Rachel became something more after that; a goddess, immortal, something pure in theory, and in practise - a scapegoat, an excuse, a reason."Are you happy?" Tony asks, because he can't help himself and he's reached that stage, the comfortable drunk where hearts open and minds connect and you want to share, share, share and give and take and comfort and be."I don't know," Bruce answers after a moment. "I think so. Maybe." He smiles wryly, shrugs. "I'm...not a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Fluff
Feels
bros!
Crossover
Tony and Bruce are BFFs
steve is a picket fence
clint won the spidey betpool
phil's and clint's kids would be ninjas from birth
tony stark parenting 101 does not include guns
pepper deserves a lot of happy
steve loves kittens
it was phil and natasha
Bruce Wayne/Selina Kyle - Freeform
Minor Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Minor Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne

