Chapter 1: Mad mutants
    


Summary:

Lehnsherr is already spiky with irritation at being kept waiting, never mind that he's five minutes early and has barely had enough time to snap off his drink order. She traces carefully over the surface of his thoughts: the irritation, speculation on the unnamed executive he'd been told he'd be meeting for his initial interview, fascination with the wrought iron in the windows and the coins in his pocket – oh, now Charles will be more than interested. Emma grins, wide enough to fluster the maître d as he bustles up.



Notes:
Pairings: Erik/CharlesWarnings: Period-appropriate homophobia, rampant capitalismAdvertisements: Mad Men fusion/freeform, still have powers, better evolution through advertising, Erik looking hot in his suits, Charles being a cunning individual, Emma being too awesome for words




Chapter Text

Mad mutants

None of the men at the bar are worth talking to. They rarely are, whether the bar is the Ritz or St. Regis, or the less savory ones she'd slummed at in her youth. In this case it's the men of the St. Regis, and most of them are well on their way to their afternoon hangovers. It means they're more interested in flirting or introducing her to their clients as "my cousin Betty," how much do you charge sweetheart, and really you'd think they'd know by now.
Emma Frost sighs, exasperation and smoke mixing with the close air of the bar. The gin and tonic is fresh on her tongue, though, courtesy of the young blond man a few seats down. He's fresh-faced, almost fresh-faced enough to be Charles, but ultimately forgettable: his blond-and-blue good looks would go for a song in Newport or the Vineyard. Still, he's good for a drink and killing time while she waits for Lehnsherr to show up.
Which… Emma stretches out her thoughts, hearing a roughly-accented voice demand a table for two, reservations under Xavier-Frost. The maître d' is a buzz of confusion in response; she has to brush it aside to get a fix on the newly-arrived Lehnsherr, who is precisely-engineered iron and purpose.
Oh, Charles will love this. Emma grinds out her cigarette and leaves her drink to sweat the last of its coolness out onto the bar, offers the bartender her best smile. It's the one that makes promises she usually doesn't intend to keep, but the bartender puffs up all the same and tells her to have a good day, come back later.
Lehnsherr is already spiky with irritation at being kept waiting, never mind that he's five minutes early and has barely had enough time to snap off his drink order. She traces carefully over the surface of his thoughts: the irritation, speculation on the unnamed executive he'd been told he'd be meeting for his initial interview, fascination with the wrought iron in the windows and the coins in his pocket – oh, now Charles will be more than interested. Emma grins, wide enough to fluster the maître d as he bustles up.
Thinking about Charles this way inevitably attracts his attention. He manifests as a sly brush across the corner of her awareness, a wordless what are you up to? she fends off with a mental slap and a Surprises, sweetie. Good things come, et cetera, et cetera.
He retires, only because he genuinely does enjoy surprises; if he really wanted to find out, he would have snapped that information out of her brain without being so polite and obvious about it. Being what he is, he enjoys surprises so rarely, and Emma – in a strange way that is not precisely altruistic – enjoys giving them to him.
Lehnsherr, she decides, will be the best kind of surprise.
From her cursory skim through his thoughts she has a general idea of what he looks like – flash of a face, flecked with shaving foam, in a mirror – but it's nothing in comparison to the sight of him as he stands to greet her when it becomes clear she's focused on him: broad shoulders kept barely civil by a sober grey suit, tie knotted with geometrical precision, a face and pale eyes that hold ferocity and determination, a mouth that could be generous but prefers not to be. His hands aren't the sleek executives' hands she's used to; the one he takes her hand in is rough at the edges, the bones prominent in the knuckles.
He built his company with his own hands, quite literally. She's read the translations Irene's done of the German newspaper articles, the Jewish wunderkind who resurrected his parents' tuning company from the ashes of the war. He doesn't fit with the polish of the St. Regis, not its expensive cigar smoke or thick carpets or leather-upholstered chairs; she'd caught his annoyance at watching two men plow their way through whiskey sours and plates of oysters, waste of food, waste of time, waste of space, and she gives herself thanks for going low-key today. Anything more ostentatious and he'd be gone in a second.
"Emma Frost," she says, going for smooth and controlled rather than warm. His grip on her hand makes no concessions, not to sex or propriety. "Erik Lehnsherr of Eisenhardt Engineering
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Mystique
Irene Adler/Raven Darkholme

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - 1960s
Mad Men (freeform)
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Poetry
Language Kink
Religious Conflict
Alternate Universe - 1920s
Love Letters
Dirty Talk
Masturbation
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Worldbuilding
Angst
Pining
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Kid Fic
Sexual Frustration
Eavesdropping
Alternate Universe - College/University
Mutant Rights
Mutant Hate
Mutant Pride
Telepathy
PTSD
Yoga
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Apocalypse
Psychic Bond
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon
Pre-Slash
Brainwashing
Porn With Plot
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Dragons
Canon Compliant
First Kiss
Fanart
Alternate Universe - Restaurant
Wine
Future Fic
Nostalgia
Dreams
Gay Mutant Road Trip
Mental Coercion
Alternate Universe - Steampunk
Teslapunk
little tiny Erik and Charles
Fluff
Dating
Emma runs a dating service okay
Canon Disabled Character
Minor Violence
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy/Mystique
Irene Adler/Raven Darkholme

