Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Wade squats at the edge of the roof, surveying the street below. He needs to piss. For a moment he considers standing up and pissing off the roof, seeing if he can hit any of the poor fucks below. He plays with the thought, turning it over in his head.
Spidey wouldn’t like it.

And it’s not a very hero thing to do, neither.
‘I fucking know that, shut up,’ he says out loud. The boxes are right, of course. If he’s really gonna try to do the hero thing, pissing on innocent passers by isn’t exactly a great move, hilarious though it would no doubt be. There’s a little less room for mayhem when you’re a hero than when you’re just a merc. He really shouldn’t have had all that Mountain Dew.He stands up, anyway, because squatting with a full bladder is like begging to piss yourself. If he can’t piss over the edge of the roof, maybe he can parkour his way to somewhere he can. Only, he realises, he kind of likes this feeling.
Really? This is something we’re into now?
‘Maaaaaybe?’ Wade scratches his neck. ‘Never thought about it before.’We’ve been into way weirder things, his brain points out. Kind of stuff we do for shits and giggles . . . Hell, this isn’t even a kink by comparison.
Ooh, we could experiment! See how long we can hold it!
Wade considers this for a moment. ‘I guess what with the healing factor there’s no chance of doing any real damage to my bladder . . . Not that that would stop me. I draw the line at pissing myself, though. This suit’s a bitch to clean.’
Which is really dumb when you think about it, considering how much blood you get on it on a daily basis.
Wade is still arguing with himself when someone lands on the roof behind him. He notices at once, but it takes him a while to pay the figure any mind. It’s only when Spider-Man clears his throat that he turns around.‘I don’t mean to interrupt what’s no doubt a fascinating monologue—’‘Dialogue,’ Wade corrects him. ‘Trialogue? Di is for two, but there’s at least three. Sometimes six. Multilogue!’‘Whatever.’ Wade is pretty sure that Spider-Man is rolling his eyes behind the mask. ‘I was under the impression that we were hitting that trafficking ring tonight. Only I’ve been waiting for you for about an hour.’
Oh yeah, that’s what we’re supposed to be doing tonight!
‘Oh shit, yeah! My bad, Spidey. Got distracted.’
Thinking about pissing.
‘Thinking about—no, shut up. Thinking about you, gorgeous!’ Wade bows with a flourish.Spider-Man’s arms are crossed in the body language of someone who’s entirely unimpressed. ‘Uh-huh. So, you coming?’‘For you, baby? Always!’Spidey doesn’t dignify the double entendre with any kind of response. Instead he turns away and stalks across the roof. Wade follows. A thought strikes him just as they reach the other end of the building.‘Hey, Spidey,’ he says suddenly. ‘You into watersports?’Spider-Man halts and turns his head slightly. Wade decides that masks on other people suck. He’d like to be able to read Spider-Man’s expression right now.‘You mean,’ says Spider-Man slowly, ‘like, surfing?’
Oh-em-gee, isn’t he just precious? Aww, who’s an adorably naïve Spider-Boy!

Too cute. Too. Fucking. Cute. I may barf. You know, mentally.
Wade swats the boxes away, also mentally. Not that they aren’t right. They are so right.‘Yeah, something like that. Totally what I meant. So, we hitting that trafficking ring or what?’ And with that he jumps off the roof, forgetting that he’s six storeys up and that landing on concrete really fucking hurts, healing factor or no.Fighting on a full bladder, it turns out, is hard. It’s also kind of a turn-on. Especially when Spider-Man’s leaping around with his hot moves, showing off that pert ass of his. The traffickers put up a decent fight, but nothing the two of them can’t handle, once they’ve released their victims into the night.And Wade tries not to kill anyone, he really does, but it just so happens that blades are meant for stabbing, and his hand-to-hand isn’t as great as Spider-Man’s. Besides, one of them is aiming his gun at the back of Spider-Man’s head while the arachnid’s busy with three others, and Wade doesn’t really have time to think, so he runs the fucker through. He doesn’t feel especially bad about it.By the time the fight is over, Wade really, really needs to piss. All that moving around has shaken his bladder and it’s making it harder to hold it in.Spider-Man makes a disapproving sound once he’s finished webbing the knocked out traffickers together, looking down at the dead guy.‘What?’ says Wade defensively. ‘He was gonna shoot you! I just saved your life, baby boy.’ He pauses. ‘Do I get a kiss as a reward?’‘You really, really don’t,’ says Spider-Man dismissively. ‘Couldn’t you have, like, non-mortally wounded him or something?’Wade throws up his hands in exasperation. ’Everyone’s a critic! I don’t know what kind of bullets you’re used to, sweetcheeks, but the ones I tend to deal with move really, really fast. So, no. I just reacted. You’re welcome.’
He does
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Omorashi
Desperation
Flirting
cheerful masochist deadpool
Slow Burn
Humour
Self-Harm
Masochism
Crime Fighting
Guns
New York City
Peter is in college
Friends to Lovers
probably
Secret Identity
Wade Has Issues
Peter Has Issues
the boxes have issues
Everyone Has Issues
Eventual Smut
Masturbation
Praise Kink
Angst
Angst and Humor
Kissing
So much kissing
Romance
Scars
Fluff and Angst
Sexual Content
Body Image
Self-Esteem Issues
Smut
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Consent is Sexy
Trust
Bisexual Character
Anal Sex
First Time
First Time Bottoming
More Fluff
slightly rough sex
what am I even doing
Bottom Wade Wilson
No Ellie (so sorry i love her too)
cherry picking canon
like what even is Marvel canon anymore
Top Peter
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter
what can I say i like to toss it up a bit
how boring is it to have sex the same way all the time
do people actually do that
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Wade Saves Peter
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
Crossdressing
Crossdressing Kink
Roleplay
Rimming
Love
Peter saves Wade
Updated after two years
SO SORRY
seriously
i suck
Dom Peter Parker
i went there
Hands Free Orgasm
peeing
pee kink
Light BDSM
Completed

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

