Chapter 1



Notes:
I'm figuring this out. Feel free to help me out. Kindly please.Chapter warnings: vomiting, discussion of eating disorders




Chapter Text
The whole ending up living at Avengers tower thing came out of nowhere, but so did Thor, and Aliens, and SHIELDRA, so…Darcy wasn’t as surprised as she could have been. Two men in black, a StarkPad with a video chat open, and Pepper Potts on the screen was more than enough Darcy needed to leave London. Plus, Jane’s boo was staying there currently on ‘Avengers business’ so it all worked out. The first few weeks there were phenomenal. She had her own room and apartment nearly bigger than, well…everything. Jane was taken with Thor for the time being so her intern- but not really anymore, since she’d graduated a while ago-duties were temporarily on hold…until Jane took one look at Tony’s state of the art labs… The Twinsassins, as Tony called them which she easily adopted, shared a bit more of a bond with Coulson, may he rest in peace, and that’s how they managed to find common ground and work from there. On nights she couldn’t sleep, Bruce would usually be up and they’d share some of his tea collection. If she felt like being Smart Darcy and not Tag-along Darcy, she’d send Tony a message and they’d go back and forth on robotics and theory and music, and he even let her into his lab for opinions. Thor was always willing to tell her stories and they were able to talk like the old friends they were truly becoming, that is, when he and Jane weren’t having their months long sexathon or whatever the hell else they got up to in their days long seclusions. JARVIS was literally the coolest person ever. It felt weird calling him a computer, plus he was definitely sentient, so… Steve was…not there. They didn’t speak much of his absence but she was pretty sure he was having a time of self-reflection while desperately searching for his lost best friend. Also, in the gratuitous free time they had while the world slowly knit itself back together, she and Jane had poured over the files that had been released. While many of them were incomplete, they were easily able to put two and two together. Poor Bucky. But all in all, life at the tower was great. She integrated well with Earth’s mightiest heroes. She was living rent free in the coolest building in the world. She hadn’t a food incident in over a year. She felt 100 percent. And then, very dramatically and in the dead of night, Steve returned, along with Sam Wilson, and a very traumatized Sergeant Barnes in tow. Everyone spoke in hushed, somewhat frantic tones. Darcy delicately stepped away to give them some space but remained close enough to see what was going on. The subject of everyone's attention stood quietly at Steve's back. His arms remained relaxed at his sides and his eyes slowly took in the occupants of the room around him. His stance didn't look threatening but Darcy made no mistake of thinking he couldn't take a few of them out at a moment's notice, especially with the way Natasha was eyeing him from where she stood, eyes dark. Darcy was the last person to be the subject of his perusal, and she shivered when his cold eyes gave her a quick once over, probably dismissing her as a threat. Her ice cream plopped back into the quickly melting bowl. Then Maria Hill made an appearance on their floor and he was whisked away, Steve, Sam, Bruce, Tony, and Natasha with him. That small, late night glimpse had been the last she'd seen of him for the next two weeks.Days at the tower went on as well as it could, what with the giant cybernetic elephant in the room. She occupied her time with everyone else. A useful Darcy was a less stressed one. Jane got back to Science!, Sam Wilson was an absolute treasure to be around, she and JARVIS monitored various Avengers themed blogs as a slight foray into the more public relations side of things. It was...okay. She still didn’t get formally introduced to Steve but she figured he was pretty busy at the moment. Life was still relatively simple and easy going. Until the first team dinner, Bucky included. He was incredibly withdrawn, sticking close to Steve but not touching him. He sat sandwiched between Steve and Sam, eyes staring blankly ahead of him. He didn’t respond to anyone and didn’t seem to follow any of the conversation, or perhaps he was, but knew how to make it seem like he wasn’t. Darcy got swept up in the American Beauty that was Steve Rogers for a few moments while they were introduced, but then she was drawn to Bucky again. He cleared his plate in record time and returned to staring blankly ahead. There was something different though. Something...off. He swallowed thickly every few minutes but other than that, he made no other moves that relayed any discomfort. But. She watched, trying her best not to be obvious. After a few moments of sitting stiffly, he excused himself. Or more accurately, up and left. Steve went to follow him but Sam shook his head. “Give him a bit of s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
age of ultron and the dookie i took are identical twins
more tags to be added eventually
i'm still figuring this out
I'm so sorry
Eating Disorders
Vomiting
Panic Attacks
Darcy Lewis-centric
Bucky Barnes-centric
WinterShock - Freeform
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

