Chapter 1: Tony HATES Medical
    




Chapter Text
“Why the fuck is it always New York City?  Seriously?  What is it about this fucking city?” Tony groused as he blasted a bot out of the way and dodged the return fire.  “And magic?  Why does everyone and their brother know magic?  Where are these people coming from?” Iron Man blasted past Thor who was currently beating back the opposition with Mjölnir.
“Iron Man, your left.” Captain America’s voice filtered through the comm as Iron Man jerked out of the way of an oncoming blast.
“Thanks, Cap.” The whine of a repulsor filled the air as Iron Man blasted upwards going towards the maniac controlling the chaos below.  He was struck hard in the right side causing the suit to actually cave in.  It was now cutting into his side and he felt his arm bend at an unnatural angle before he righted himself before shooting back towards the biggest threat.  Pain was being pushed back into the farthest corner of his mind.  Blackwidow dodged an attack and came up firing while Hawkeye picked off the attacker behind her from up high on a skyscraper.  Debris rained down as the Hulk flung himself through the air at one of the more aggressive bots as it began firing down at the Avengers who were mostly Earthbound.  Iron Man began firing, putting as much power behind each attack as possible and slightly more than JARVIS thought was advisable.  “Fucking ridiculous.” He growled it out as he dodged some kind of magic being thrown at him before he realized that his opponent was now aiming at Hawkeye who was protecting Captain America and Blackwidow’s backs as they were swarmed upon by several more bots.  Thor was making his way towards their direction having eliminated his own opponents and realizing his fellow warriors were in peril.
Hawkeye’s back was turned as he focused on the threat below and that momentary lapse gave an opening for an attack.  Iron Man threw everything into his repulsors and shot in front of the attack; the suit absorbed the blow and successfully blocked his teammate.  It was then that Hawkeye whipped around in time to see the lights in the Iron Man suit shutter and go dark as Iron Man fell from the sky towards the ground.  “Fuck!  Iron Man is down.”
“Someone catch Stark!” Coulson’s voice blasted through everyone’s comm as Iron Man plummeted closer to the ground.  The Hulk launched himself from the ground towards the Avenger rapidly coming towards Earth.  He wrapped his arms around Iron Man as gravity took him back to street level.  Thor had turned from his destination before he made his way towards Iron Man’s attacker and blasted him out of the sky.  He was fortunate that he had more experience in dealing with opponents who utilized magic.  That and the fact that the other man was distracted by Iron Man’s decent gave him an advantage.  The second that the man was unconscious, having lost his grip on the device he was holding, the bots lost their ability to maneuver and began crashing into objects, buildings and each other.  “Stark?  Stark?  Tony?  Can you hear me?” Coulson tried to rouse Iron Man and despite all his complaints, threats and glares towards Tony Stark he could not control the panic that was bleeding into his voice.  “Dammit, Stark.  Don’t you fucking do this.” It was an order that was not responded to and Coulson was rapidly losing composure.  That was one of his Avengers and he’d be damned if he lost one.
Behind him Hawkeye and Coulson approached.
“Dammit, Stark.  What the hell were you thinking flinging yourself in front of me?” Clint glared down at Tony’s face because it was a better option than acknowledging the sinking feeling in his gut.  “You’re going to give Phil so much paperwork we’ll not see him for weeks.”
A short gasp and the eyes fluttered open; Tony Stark’s expression was pained and his face was pale.  The Arc Reactor remained dark.
“Tony.” It was said with relief as Steve Rogers started to relax, but Coulson was still tense and staring at the Iron Man’s chest.
“Stark.  Do you have any backup Arc Reactors?” his voice was urgent as he crouched down beside Tony.  Tony who was struggling to breathe and his hands were fluttering near his dead Arc Reactor.  He nodded and tried to sit up.  “Where are they?”
“Workshop.  Dummy knows.”
Coulson turned to Thor, “Can you get there quickly?” his voice was pressing.
“Yes, Son of Coul.” He sounded solemn, “But I have not been in the workshop before.”
Steve jerked to his feet and walked to Thor.  “I go down there all the time.  I’ll come.” Thor nodded, grabbed onto Steve and they shot off leaving the other Avengers behind to help their fallen teammate.
“What were you thinking?” Clint demanded as Tony tried not to focus on the pain.  This was going to be another close call and he’d been working so hard not to emphasize just how important the Arc Reactor was to his life.  Just how quickly things could progress towards life threatening.  “I had everything under control!”
“I was thinking that I couldn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
Superfamily
Domestic Avengers
tony is completely oblivious
and he HATES medical...
AU
Avengers Tower
Superhusbands
Het and Slash

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

