Chapter 1: Early Awakening
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony did not feel the impact. He was in his growing tower, adding the finishing touches to his lab. Several floors below him, he could hear a construction crew doing the same to one of the less important floors (Human Resources).Jarvis registered the slight jolt and entered it into archives but he did not inform his master because the earth was always moving and if he told him of every shift Tony would have no life.Around the world, very few felt the jolt or noticed its effects. Most felt a shiver down their spine as the shockwave of energy passed through them, some trees lost a leaf or two sooner than they would have, and a couple of newborns woke to the bereft of their parents.So the moment that would come to change Tony’s life went by unnoticed and he spent it smelting some metal panels together.Another hour would pass before he finally learned of the event in question.“Sir, an anomaly has shown up and has placed SHIELD on high alert,” Jarvis announced.“Anomaly?” Tony questioned. He had paused in his work to take a break and was about to pop a blueberry into his mouth but froze upon Jarvis’s announcement. He lowered the tiny fruit and leaned forward as he said, “Do go on…”“They are sending men to investigate it right now so there is limited information. However, it is reported that an inanimate object fell from space and is giving off high energy readings in New Mexico.”“Space? New Mexico? Are we talking E.T. here, Jarvis?” Tony asked excitedly. Thoughts of Area 51 and other alien conspiracies blossomed in his mind.“No lifeforms have been detected as of yet, Sir,” Jarvis replied.“Alright, keep me posted,” Tony said and finally threw the blueberry into his mouth. He chewed on it and then added, “And if SHIELD catches you watching let me know immediately. I don’t want to take any chances on missing out on this! Aliens, J! Nothing can beat this in level of awesomeness!!”---Hundreds of miles away, Steve Rogers experienced the moment very differently. A shock burned through him reminiscent to the same burn of the vita-rays that created his superior strength. He woke up gasping for air and felt cold, so c-cold…Shaking, he wrapped his arms around himself and ice splintered off his body with every tiny shudder. His mind was coming back to him slowly and he looked around the cockpit and barely recognized it thanks to the ice and snow.How long was he out? God…Peggy must be frantic.Peggy.Sudden awareness hit him. He’d survived.He could get that dance with his best girl.He grinned to himself, despite his madly chattering teeth.He reached out to where he knew the radio to be. His limbs shook and ached with the effort. The cold had sunk into his limbs, hardening his muscles and, as he stretched them, it felt like they were crackling open like thinning ice.His fingers felt nothing as they brushed away the snow and icicles. They are like five, solid chunks of flesh and Steve darkly wondered if he had acute frostbite. Would the serum save his hands?He uncovered the radio but grimly noted it was no longer humming with power. He flicked the on-off switch a few times but the static never sounded and his stomach sank. He tried the radio anyway and pressed the button.“Hello?” He called out, “Is anyone there? Peggy? Stark?...Anyone?”He was met with silence in reply.Steve sighed heavily and leaned back into his chair.He needed to get out of there. He couldn’t stay or he would freeze to death. But where was here?Wherever it was, outside had to be just as cold and he needed to find civilization quickly or die.He knew he was somewhere in the arctic and north would just have more snow and less life so Steve easily deduced he should head south. He was confident he could go in the right direction using only the sun and stars as his directors.Just thinking of the warm rays of the sun was enough to set him into motion.Steve pushed himself out of the chair with mighty groan. Ice crackled as it was separated from his body where Steve and the chair had fused through the frozen substance. He moved stiffly, his muscles were still hard, not wanting to move.The plane was tipped at a slight downward angle and light was leaking from the back of the plane so Steve made the long trek to the other end of the aircraft. A few steps in, he came across his shield.Steve paused and stared at it half-surprised. His shock dissipated and he grinned at it like he was seeing an old friend. He bent down and his back muscles protest at the movement but he gritted his teeth and took it.The shield was cold, burning cold, and it bit through his numb fingers and was forcing more cold into him that spread and burned like venom. He quickly clipped his shield onto his back and shook his hand to get rid of the painful feeling. More cold sunk into the flesh of his back but it was not as painful as the first initial touch.The entire plane was coated wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
Superhusbands
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Early Waking AU
SHIELD
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Mutual Pining
Denial of Feelings
Friends to Lovers
Undecided Relationship(s)
Drama & Romance
Confused Fools in Love
Sexual Content
Jealousy
Angst
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Graphic Violence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

