Work Text:
Steve, Bruce and Natasha are eating an early breakfast in Tony's kitchen, and playing one of their favorite games. It's called Those Crazy New Yorkers, and these days it only sometimes ends with Steve mortified and blushing like crazy."Used condoms on the sidewalk, I can understand," Bruce says, gesturing with a piece of toast."Aw, Bruce, I'm eating." Steve moans in protest, and puts down his fork."It's the empty condom wrappers on the sidewalk that confuse me. Did you take the condom out on your way home, and then just carry it in your hand? Did you wrap up on a well-lit, crowded street, and then go inside to a party?""Please talk about something else," Steve says, "or I'll start telling you about the cockroaches we had when I was a kid.""I don't know how you can talk about cockroaches at breakfast," Bruce says, shuddering."I don't know how you can talk about, about condom wrappers --""I'm just saying, what's it from? It's a mystery for the ages."Natasha, eyes closed against the early-morning sunlight, says, "I was cleaning out my purse.""Oh, jeez," Steve says, turning red. He was in the Army, for Pete's sake, and Natasha can still throw him for a loop.Natasha grins without opening her eyes. "My favorite are the men who offer me marijuana when I walk past their stoop. Sometimes I pretend to be a cop, just to mess with them."Steve laughs, and Bruce smiles around a bite of toast.Steve says, "I was at the Rockaway boulevard stop on the A, and I saw this little girl imitating pigeon walks. She'd bob her head and wiggle her elbows when the pigeons were trotting around, and when they took off she'd flap her hands and cheer them."Natasha and Bruce turn to look at him. "I don't know what to do with that," Natasha says.Bruce says, "This is why those bloggers think you're not real. You can't even be cynical about New Yorkers."Steve opens his mouth to argue, but before he can speak JARVIS says, "Steve, there's a visitor for you."He frowns. "I'm not expecting anyone. Who is it, JARVIS?""Agent Andrew Ragallan of SHIELD, sir.""That's great!" Steve says. "Let me put some more bread in the toaster. You guys remember Andrew, right?"All of the Avengers have met Steve's Ducklings -- the first agents he trained in tactical defense four years ago. It's been two years since he last ran the training program, which is now mandatory for all incoming SHIELD agents, but he still has a soft spot in his heart for his first trainees.The elevator chimes, and Steve hears JARVIS directing Ragallan through the penthouse into the kitchen. Ragallan appears in the doorway, stares at them for a second, and then closes his eyes. He is wearing casual clothing and carrying a briefcase. He looks terribly weary.Steve walks over, and puts out a hand to shake. "Andrew, come in. Is everything all right? Come have some coffee." If there's anything Steve can do to help, he'll do it, but first they need to get Ragallan fed and settled.Ragallan shakes his head, opening his eyes. He looks past Steve to Natasha, even as he reaches out a hand for Steve to shake. "Hi, I'm sorry, I can't stay long. I just wanted . . . Agent Romanoff, ma'am, I wasn't expecting you to be here."Natasha narrows her eyes. "Should I leave?" she asks, dangerously calm."No, it's better that you're here, I'm just not, I wasn't --" he looks around the kitchen, anywhere but at the three Avengers, and fidgets with the handle of his briefcase."Andrew, sit down," Steve says gently. He's never seen Ragallan like this; the man is made up almost entirely of smiles and fierce determination. Steve has a feeling something is very, very wrong."No, please, just let me get this out, and then I'll go." He takes a breath and visibly steels himself, straightening his shoulders and lifting his chin. "Eighteen days ago, the asset known as the Winter Soldier was taken into SHIELD custody."There's no movement at the table, but Steve is suddenly very aware of Natasha, of her stillness and her wide eyes.Ragallan says, "We wouldn't have known about it, except Richie Fast was on the extraction team, and then last week he came to movie night. We were playing one of the old Captain America newsreels, and Richie saw the Howling Commandos, and he made the connection. He asked me to do some digging, and we found out -- well, almost everything."Ragallan is visibly upset, and Natasha is so still she doesn't seem to be breathing, and Steve may have to defuse this situation very quickly. Steve glances at Bruce, who looks alarmed but steady."What is it, son?" he asks Ragallan.Ragallan shakes his head, and looks at Natasha again. "I swear, ma'am, we wouldn't have invaded your privacy if --""You did well," Natasha says."Ma'am?" Ragallan asks, looking lost."Where is he?" Natasha asks."We don't know," Ragallan says. "None of us can find him."Natasha frowns. "Do you have proof?""Just photographs. All the paperwork has been destroyed."She shakes her head. "Fury doesn't want us to know. Why doesn't he want us to know
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Discussions of violence
Team Dynamics
Natasha Is Amazing
Blindfolds
Ducklings!
New Yorkers Are Dangerous(ly Awesome)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

