Work Text:
ONE WEEK AGOSteve put his hands on his hips, surveying the table in front of him.He wanted to turn to Tony and say, "Well, I hope you're happy now," but when he looked over, Tony had already shed his AC/DC shirt. He had also torn into one of the dozens of packages sitting on the table and was struggling into the shirt he'd taken out of it, messy dark hair emerging from the collar, springing straight up as he tugged the shirt over his face and down around his waist. "Tadaa!" Tony said, throwing his arms wide. The patriotic shield in place of the O in LOVE gleamed. Glitter was already adorning Tony's face. The pink made his olive skin glow.Steve rubbed his face with one hand, sighing, and held out the other. Tony placed a packet in his hand. "We're going to be that couple that starts dressing the same and looking like each other as they get older," Tony announced, as Steve pulled his own shirt on. "I hope this means I get your pecs." ***ONE WEEK AND TEN MINUTES AGO"You'd better get down here," Joey said. He was the Stark Tower mail clerk assigned to manage Avengers mail, and once in a while Steve got a package that was especially funny, or a big wave of fan mail, and Joey had to call him to come pick it up."Why, what's up?" Steve asked."You've got a lot of tear-stained packages with shirts in them," Joey said."Shirts?""Yeah, apparently you've touched some hearts. Bring Tony," Joey added.***ONE WEEK AND TWO DAYS AGO"So," Jimmy Kimmel said, "Let's talk about the LOVE shirt, huh?"Steve didn't particularly like Mr. Kimmel. It wasn't all personal; Steve didn't like talk-show hosts as a rule. (Some of it was personal. He just rubbed Steve the wrong way.) But talk shows were good PR for the Avengers and everyone had agreed you couldn't have too much good PR, especially since next week was the big Well Timed Interview he and Tony had been working towards. Besides, it was good for the causes Steve supported in his spare time, too."I'm really proud it's gotten so much attention," Steve said. "Did you have any, like, any input in designing it? Because it's...very pink," Kimmel said."No, in fact I didn't know about it until after they made it. I mean, you know, we all have merchandise, but most of us don't take an interest in it in any commercial way," Steve said. Which was true. Tony had just come around one day with a tablet and asked what charity he wanted proceeds from his merch to go to, and Steve had listened to Bruce grilling Tony about whether their action figures were made with sweatshop labor or non-renewably-sourced plastics, but that was the extent of his interest in it. "So how did this shirt get to be a symbol for community service?" Kimmel asked, setting one of the shirts on his desk, spreading it out so that the logo was visible.  "Well, I don't know," Steve shrugged. "It's just a really comfortable shirt, you know? I used to wear it a lot and I guess because it was comfortable, I wore it when I knew I'd be doing a lot of moving around.""Like building houses and planting trees and other frankly vomitously virtuous behavior," Kimmel said. The audience laughed. Steve pulled up a smile. "Helping people cross the street, rescuing kittens from trees," he agreed. "I used to wear it running, actually, which is how I got it broken in. The glitter initially got everywhere so I could really only wear it when I was outside at first. If I could go back and change one thing I'd make the shield matte instead of glittery.""And maybe not pink?""Oh, no, I like the pink," Steve said. "I think it's a really good color on me. Tony -- Tony Stark -- he says it makes me look less washed out. Irish skin," he added, gesturing at his face. "Tony Stark's giving you fashion tips?" Kimmel asked."Well, I mean, can you think of someone more qualified?" Steve replied. Another audience laugh, this time a little less forced. "But you're wearing blue tonight," Kimmel said, pointing to Steve's blue dress shirt."Honestly? I was going to wear the LOVE shirt, but I need to get a new one," Steve said. "And then I have to break it in, so...""What happened, did it finally fall off your body? Are there pictures?"Steve grinned. "No, I -- I've been doing some work with Manhattan Urban Rescue, it's a no-kill cat shelter in the city. Uh, by the way, they're looking for foster homes. Anyway, once you pay your dues cleaning out the cages and stuff, you get to play with the cats, which is nice, for you and for them. And there's this litter of little kittens..."He trailed off, suddenly embarrassed, because maybe this was weird and also probably kind of egotistical."Kittens," Kimmel prompted."Yeah, so I, uh, there's this litter, five of them, and I play with them every time because they're -- they're so tiny," Steve admitted. "And the shelter volunteers say when I leave they cry, because they miss me," he finished, flushing. "I run warm, cats like that.""Did they rip the shirt from your body?" Kimmel asked."No, I thought maybe, they'd...smell the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Clothing
Fluff
Reverse Chronology
Sharing Clothes
Homophobia
Gender Issues
Kittens
Bisexuality
Bisexual Male Character

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

