Work Text:
"Eat this," Bucky said, and shoved a foil package the size of a tennis ball in Steve's face."No," Steve said, but he took the foil package and began prying it open.Ever since they'd met at the age of six, Bucky had been forcing food on him, until Steve's automatic reaction to every suggestion he eat something was no. It had become a joke after Steve had started cooking under Chef Erskine, and anyway he hadn't done it in years, so Steve was understandably suspicious."Eat it, it's amazing," Bucky insisted, putting a fork in his hand.Steve tugged the foil open finally, and a waft of buttery steam hit him in the face. He looked down into a gooey heap of cheese, bacon, and what looked like pulled pork, heaped on a baked potato."Is this a prank?" he asked, lifting the pulled pork with the tines of the fork."Eat it, oh my God," Bucky said, so Steve loaded up the fork and, with one final narrow-eyed look, bit into it."Oh Jesus," he said, mouth full."I know!""Jesus, who did this, where did you find it? Was it a wizard?" Steve asked, swallowing and going in for another huge mouthful."Potato Rescue," Bucky said."What's Potato Rescue?""It's a new truck. It's not on your route. It's the best thing ever and I'm going to eat nothing but potatoes from now on," Bucky informed him."This is a food truck baked potato?" Steve asked. "How did he keep the bacon crispy? My bacon never stays crispy.""That's what you care about?""I care about this entire baked potato," Steve said gravely. "I care deeply. We need to find the man who made it before Tony does.""...what? Why before Tony does?""Because he'll offer him a job and nobody who makes potatoes this good should work in a kitchen where things explode, also he might ask him to marry him and I have dibs," Steve said."Everyone knows you have dibs on Tony.""No, I have Dibs on Potato Guy," Steve said, ducking into the truck and closing the service window. "Throw your bike on the rack and get in, you have to take me to him."***War On Hunger * @onestarsteve * August 31
Change in location, we're now at Roosevelt Park by the New Museum.War On Hunger * @onestarsteve * August 31
Caravaning with Potato Rescue. Show us your potato and get a discount on our wings!***

Potato Rescue logo by Tumblr user monobuu.
Sam Wilson was entirely unprepared for a sparkling blue food truck to pull past him with its horn going and sneak into the spot in front of him at Roosevelt Park. It wasn't the most popular place to park and sell during the lunch rush, and it wasn't like trucks were normally hustling to get here."All right if we park here?" a blond guy yelled out the window, and Sam shrugged and gestured to the empty spot. It took him a second to realize who the guy was, and then he had to run from the service hatch to the front of the truck to be sure --WAR ON HUNGER read the delicate painted lettering across the back of the truck."Oh, shit," he said, right as Steve Rogers put his head through the service hatch."Hiya!" he called, and Sam whirled, startled. "I'm -- ""The Hot Hipster Chef!" Sam said, and Steve sighed."Yeah," he said, a wry smile crossing his face."War on Hunger!" Sam managed, pointing at the truck."Yep, that's me.""What the hell are you doing here, man?" Sam asked. "Don't you have like a million people waiting for you somewhere significantly more crowded than here?""Probably," Steve shrugged. "I want..." he leaned back and consulted the chalkboard menu. "Oh, wow, I want some hummus mashed potatoes with beef chili.""You...do," Sam said uncertainly."This is Bucky," Steve added, pointing behind him. Sam remembered Bike Messenger Bucky vaguely; he'd bought a baked potato about an hour ago, then come back for a second one before pedaling off like Satan was chasing him. "He gave me your pulled pork baked potato."Sam wasn't sure what was happening, but a line was already forming behind Steve."O...kay," Sam said, reaching for a tray and spooning some of the mashed potatoes into it. "You said with the beef chili?""Yes. Also I may have tweeted a thing," Steve said. "If people buy a potato from you they get a discount on my wings. I hope that's okay."Sam looked from Steve to the line and back again. "Yeah, man, that's...that's fine.""Great!" Steve said, with a sunny look that promised so much trouble for Sam's future. "Thank you! Here -- ""Nah, on the house," Sam said, waving off Steve's money."Oh, thank you! I'll come back after the lunch rush. Yell if you need change or anything!" Steve called, and hurried back to War on Hunger.Sam looked at the line that was now snaking down the block."I might not have made enough potatoes," he said, but he pasted on a smile and started taking orders.***"See, I think potatoes are a viable business plan," Sam said, sitting on the back of the War on Hunger food truck. Steve and Bucky were eating the last of the pierogies (the latkes, sweet potato balls, and twice-baked potatoes had long since sold) and Sam had a shrimp-burger slider prepared by Steve Roge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Chefs
Food Trucks
Cooking
Potatoes
I love that potatoes are a tag
Hipsters
Hipster Steve Rogers
I love that hipster steve rogers is also a tag
hints of winterfalcon if you squint

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

