Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was a quiet night at the Millville Bird Sanctuary just outside New York City, the night it happened. Not unexpected, this late in the year; in spring and summer and even early autumn they did a brisk business for a bird sanctuary, but even a brisk business wasn't much, comparatively speaking. Dr. Nathalia was only on the overnight shift because there were campers out in the sanctuary, on a "night watch" with one of the docents, and someone had to stick by the phone in case of emergency.Then, around eleven, hell briefly broke loose."Fuck, fuck, oh fuck," was the first she heard, and she heard it moving towards the front door of the single building that comprised the sanctuary's visitor's center, clinic, and storage shed. They did get people who'd been in car accidents once in a while, so she was rising and reaching for her phone when a man burst through the unlocked door, covered in blood and feathers, and yelled "I NEED A BIRD DOCTOR!"The second thing he yelled was "I DIDN'T HIT IT WITH MY CAR!"That was how Dr. Nathalia Berman met Tony Stark.***The barn owl was a beautiful little thing, just barely matured past juvenile and quite healthy except for her injuries. While she'd been screaming piteously when he carried her in, she settled nicely and took anaesthesia well. They'd had to take the wing off at the first joint past the shoulder, but it wasn't anything Nathalia hadn't seen before.The poor man pacing the front office, still covered in feathers stuck to his very expensive-looking shirt with dried blood, was frantic to insist he hadn't hit her."No, we see this sometimes," she assured him, offering him a wet towel to try and clean himself up with. He held it distractedly, ignoring it as he focused intently on her. At that point she didn't know who he was but he seemed intelligent and very freaked out. "They're so hard to see, and they swoop very low. She probably got clipped by a truck. Usually we find them on the side of the road.""It just landed in my passenger's seat, screaming," the man said. "I thought my sins had finally caught up with me."Nathalia smiled and was about to reassure him when he added, "She? How do you sex an owl?""Carefully and tactfully," she replied. He snorted, then seemed to notice the towel. His next words were slightly muffled by the towel on his face."Is she okay? I mean I feel weird caring this much about an owl but lately this is my life, caring too much about everything. The things I care about now you frankly wouldn't believe," he said. As the blood and feathers came away, she could make out his goatee and cheekbones, which were very attractive and not unfamiliar."We had to amputate," she said, alarm bells going off faintly in the back of her head. "I'm afraid if she makes it through the shock she'll be a resident for life -- she'll never fly again.""Oh," he said, and he looked absolutely destroyed by this little tragedy, the kind of thing most people didn't think twice about once they'd stuffed five dollars in the Suggested Donation box near the entrance. "That's -- that's really terrible. Not being able to fly ever again. That's awful.""Well, it's not wonderful, but we'll keep her here. She's a beautiful bird; barn owls are very compelling. If she's good-natured at all, we can use her for education.""She does not seem good natured," he ventured."Well, nobody is when they're in pain," Nathalia said. "If you'd like my business card, I can keep you up to date on her progress.""Oh, I -- can I see her?" he asked, oddly earnest.Normally they didn't allow visitors into the clinic, but normally people who found screaming owls covered in blood didn't rush to the nearest animal sanctuary to have them patched up."Sure," she said. "Come this way. Are YOU all right?""Traumatized, but what else is new?" he said, following her with a quick bantam trot. "I mean I was just going for a drive with the top down to clear my head. And possibly speeding, but who doesn't do that on the upstate backroads, and a demon from hell comes screaming out of nowhere and the next thing I know I look like the climax of Carrie.""I suppose we should all be glad you were nearby," she said."Oh, I wasn't. I was like, ten miles out. My PA, Jarvis, told me a normal vet wouldn't take an owl, at least we thought it was an owl, so he sent me here. I find myself oddly concerned with owl rights at the moment, that feels like prejudice.""No, it's not -- most veterinarians aren't trained to handle owls. They have different respiratory systems, complex skeletal structures..." Nathalia shrugged as she pushed open the door to the darkened recovery room, where the owl lay in a large cage, the remains of her wing wrapped in bandages. "They know better than to mess with bird anatomy without specialist training. So it's lucky your PA found us, really."Mr. Stark -- he really wasn't easily mistaken for anyone else -- ignored her, went straight to the cage, and sat down on the floor in front of it, cr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Owls
Threesome - F/M/M
Birds
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

