Work Text:






Tony Stark Rogers' favorite among the Avengers tended to vary mostly depending on who was least willing to kill him for whatever he'd done to earn their collective wrath or who had saved his shapely omega-backside from a doom he was far too pretty to suffer. (Of course, Steve was always his favorite but he was his alpha-husband and that was a given.) But in reality, his true day-to-day choice was their SHIELD liaison, Agent Phil Coulson.He'd sort of loved Phil from the beginning given he'd almost gotten himself killed trying to protect Tony's then assistant, Pepper Potts. The two of them had started dating shortly after the agent had gotten out of the hospital, and had grown even closer once Tony had made her CEO freeing Pepper to do the easier job of looking after a multi-billion dollar international company instead of Tony.Technically 'babysitting' Tony was still part of Phil's job, but he'd cheerfully abdicated most of the responsibility to Steve, who was going to do it anyway since he was fucking protective in addition to awesomely handsome. And somewhere in there Tony had stopped pretending 'Agent' was the guy's first name and had started calling him Phil. Okay, so it wasn't vague. He'd opted to admit he really liked the guy after the whole Loki-Chitauri-invasion thing and Fury lying his ass off about Loki having killed Phil.Tony had walked into the hospital with a new vintage set of Captain America trading cards – signed by the big guy himself – to replace the one Fury had destroyed by soaking them in Coulson's blood. Pepper had been at her boyfriend's bedside and had looked up when Tony entered the room. Phil was slower, not because he was pale and weak from almost dying – although he'd been both – but because he'd been smiling at Pepper like she was everything anyone could ever want. Tony had cleared his throat and said, "Just so you know, from now on I'm calling you Phil."It had been damned presumptuous for an omega, even a genius-billionaire-married-philanthropist one, but Phil had smiled. "Good to see you, Tony." And just like that they were on a first-name basis – off the job. On the job it was Mr. Rogers and Agent Coulson. It was just the way Phil rolled and Tony'd opted to respect that.He'd also waited until Phil was out of the hospital and back on his feet before Tony had walked into the Stark Tower suite Phil shared with Pepper and had told them both he was Iron Man. An 'I knew that' expression had crossed Phil's face, but Pepper had gone pale and almost fainted. Then she'd tried to kill Tony for keeping it a secret/risking his life that way (for the record betas could be fucking protective, too.) Phil had stopped her – kind of the reason Tony had told them together. It had been a great, if weird bonding moment.Somehow it had led to dinner with Steve joining them. That had led to other couples dates and before Tony knew it; barring Avengers-level disasters – which happened with annoying frequency – they all tended to go out once a week. Sometimes the others or combinations of the others joined them since all of them were paired off – at least they were once Bruce Banner had met Jane Foster's assistant, Darcy Lewis – but at least the four of them always did something couple-esque.Partly it was because they all genuinely enjoyed each other's company, but there was an ulterior motive. Phil had started dating Pepper when she'd still been Tony's assistant. As awesome as she'd been at the job, her brushes with the media had been limited to the job itself and mostly as a buffer between the media and Tony. Now she was CEO of Stark Industries, not Tony – he thanked God or whatever at least once a day that she'd never made him take the job back once the business world stopped being hysterical over the fact he was an omega and remembered he was still a genius. A few cases aside – most notably Tony's – being a CEO of a major company did not necessarily mean life in the spotlight, but it did when it came to Stark Industries. They were literally changing the world with their clean energy innovations which tended to draw attention even before they did all the PR song and dances.Tony was still the media darling and most prominent face of SI, but there weren't many who didn't know Pepper's name or couldn't recognize her face. And whoever dated her got his picture taken with some regularity. It didn't go along well with the bland anonymity of a SHIELD agent. Of course, neither did life with or as an Avenger. With one alien invasion Natasha and Clint had gone from SHIELD's top undercover agents to celebrities with their faces adorning posters on the walls of many a home. Phil didn't appear on any of those, but every time the Avengers went into action or had to attend an event he was there and ended up with his photo splashed all over the Internet. Hell, he even had his own fan page on Facebook.So the weekly or as 'often as the crazy-ass world would allow them' nights-on-the-town helped Phil acc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts

