Work Text:
Tony struggled to catch his breath, then made an experimental fist and tugged at the nest of cords trapping his wrists. No joy. He had one armored leg free, but that didn't do him much good when the other was caught within three knotted cables in some sort of fluky fucked-up server room shibari.This is what he got, Tony thought, for rushing around on waxed floors in his boot armor. He’d tripped, slid (what was that statistic about the number of horrific accidents that happened around the house, or work, or within two miles of it or something?) and grabbed at the first thing he could to keep his balance, but the panicked twist of his hands and tension from yanking the cables had resulted in...this.Still, he hadn’t actually pulled any connections out of the equipment, so that counted as a win. Sort of.He was half-lying on one hip, wearing only boxer shorts, arms stretched over his head and held fast against a server rack, the edge of which was digging uncomfortably into his shoulder. A loop of cable also hung a few inches below his neck. He had one leg free and resting on the tile, and the other suspended two feet off the floor by the cables looped around it. Tony could probably pull his trapped leg out with one good yank, but he couldn’t see the labels on the cabling from here, and he really didn’t want to cut anything important when there were seventy-seven (mostly) crucial open programs running on the workshop machines alone. Plus, pulling his leg free could drop his head lower, onto the nooselike cord under his chin. Yeah. This was fantastic.“Well, shit,” Tony muttered, shifting his center of balance slightly to one side. “Smooth move.”“JARVIS,” he shouted, even though shouting wasn’t technically necessary.“Yes, Mr Stark,” came the reassuring, unruffled voice in reply.“Got a little problem here, as you can see.”“There are no cameras installed in server sector two,” JARVIS pointed out.Tony squinted at the ceiling, remembering that he hadn’t gotten around to putting them in yet, nor the full complement of overhead bank lights. Other things had been more important, like setting up the Avengers’ living quarters.He had no regrets. Mostly.“JARVIS, I’m tangled up in cables and need assistance. Get Dummy.” He surveyed the narrow path between the racks. “No, scratch that plan. Not enough space to maneuver.” He looked up at his trapped wrists. “Or enough fine-motor control. I need opposable thumbs.”“Shall I call 911, sir?” JARVIS inquired calmly. “Will a hatchet be required? Jaws of life?”“No!” Tony exclaimed. “God, no. Who’s around? Please tell me someone’s in the building.” It was somewhere around midnight on a Friday. Fat chance.After a pause, JARVIS replied. “It appears that maintenance worker Glenda Bullard is emptying wastebaskets on the second floor and Captain Rogers is in his quarters.”“Is he awake?”“Yes, he is.”Tony took a deep breath and bit his lip. Cap was gonna laugh. “Get Rogers,” he sighed. “Direct him here and allow access to secure areas.”“Yes sir,” said JARVIS, and Tony waited. His nose itched. He jiggled his hands impatiently.“Captain Rogers is on his way, sir. He’s getting dressed.”“Gett-” Tony pressed his lips together. Had Cap been chilling in his drawers? In a towel? In the buff, maybe? “Got it, JARVIS.”Tony had been checking out a 42U failure alert in the server room in his armored boots and a pair of red silk boxers. He really wasn’t one to talk.Six minutes later that felt like sixty, Tony heard the slide of the door at the end of the rack room. “Over here,” he said, looking up as the footsteps approached and halted and a long shadow fell over the narrow space between the racks.His rescuer, in a gray sweatshirt and navy blue shorts, hair shower-damp, nodded at him, running a hand over his chin and pressing his fingers to his mouth thoughtfully as he surveyed the scene.Yes, he was definitely trying not to laugh. “I could, uh, use a hand here, Cap.”“Sorry. Are you hurt?” Steve asked, crouching down, fingers curled around Tony’s trapped, armored boot.”What happened?”“No,” Tony shook his head. “I was checking out an issue and tripped and I...grabbed stuff and caught on...everything.”“Have you been drinking?”“Really?” Tony wrinkled his brow. “No. Yes. One. And uncountable cups of coffee.”“Where do I start?” Steve sighed, long-suffering, like he’d had to untangle Tony more than this one time.“Hands,” Tony said, swinging his wrists feebly. “If you could just get my hands free, that’d be great.”Steve edged into the narrow space. “Got it.”“Try not to yank any of the cables out, Charles Atlas. I have critical programs running on this stack.”“I’ll be careful,” Steve assured him, straddling Tony’s body with his legs apart. He leaned over to pick at the tangle around Tony’s wrists, then noticed the cable looped at his neckline. “This first. Geez, you could have strangled yourself.” Steve pulled the loop up, and lacking a place to stow it or a free hand to hold it while he worked to free Tony’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Accidental Bondage
First Kiss
Slash
i don't even know what this is

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

