Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
He has always heard music.When he first spoke of it, Lady Eir  explained that he was hearing magic, hearing its form and breath, that  magic was simply the lifeblood of the universe and when he manipulated  those melodies that he was telling the universe what he felt. That it  responded to his emotion and enacted it. That he was very lucky.He did not feel lucky.He  could control how loud the music was by engaging in other things, so he  did. When he read or played with Thor, when he talked, the music  dulled, would quiet to just background noise and he could think.  Sometimes, Thor's mere presence was enough to make the music quieten, or  at least change into something softer. He began recognizing patterns,  how everyone he dealt with had a leitmotif.When he was eight and  sick, some fever that made him burn and kept him weak and trapped in  bed, coughing until he thought he might not have any lungs to cough with,  he could not think, could not concentrate or focus on anything long  enough to convince the universe he was too busy for its song. It pounded  in his head, in his veins, made his heart stutter and thud with its  whims; when people came to check on him their leitmotifs overlapped with  what the universe sang into an unwieldy cacophony that made him weep in  despair, which made him cough, which cycled into this spiral of wishing  for silence, the silence his brother heard and took for granted. That they did, all of them, and for the first time he hated.  Reached out and gripped and used his own voice to scream and tear and  destroy, until his entire room burned; he did not know the universe's  tongue then, but he screamed anyway, for it to stop, to just get the  music out of his head, until he could do no more and lay in the burning,  destroyed wreckage and wept, too weak to move.The music did not stop.He  eventually began to work with the music, to try to understand it. He  created the languages and symbols to describe the universe's sounds as  he heard them; Lady Eir ever encouraged him, became a mentor. She knew,  though she did not hear the same way he did, with the same depth—he  knew that when he first showed her the alphabet he made, in how she  looked at him sideways as he described the notations that indicated  frequency and amplitude for each letter, the minute details each letter  could convey. Understood, in crystalline detail, that she—the closest he  had to mentor, the only one he could speak to about these things—could  not pinpoint so precisely, that the words the universe spoke to her were  derived and distilled into their own lexicon and language. So he did  that next, made language and lexicon, grammar and dialect, so others  could use his words.When he first worked magic, he would have to  speak, sing. He did not like being so restricted; he spent months and  years honing it, making it so he only had to think, only had to reach  out with his hand to conduct the sound of the universe into what he  wanted. Sometimes, when he ached, when the world took from him(his son while he was gone, when he could do nothing, chained and sword digging into his jaws), when things reminded him of his never being king despite Odin's promises(Thor's shadow, Thor's "Know your place, brother"), when all he was was emotion ("So I am no more than than another stolen relic, locked up here until you might have use of me?!"),  the words bubbled and welled in his throat and it was all he could do  to not scream, to not unleash what welled up inside and let it out.Odin  knew. Knew that the music was there, tearing at him; knew if didn't  necessarily understand that the universe whispered to Loki in song,  whispered and coaxed and hummed and tried to get him to express. Loki  was sure of it, when Odin passed his judgment. Very few in that court  who watched him knew, but Odin did; Lady Eir's stricken features and  eyes that welled with tears despite all that Loki had done; Thor's step  forward (Thor, who did not know or understand, only remembered Loki sick  and screaming to make it stop). Loki only smirked at Odin and stayed unbent.It has been a very long time since he has been so alone, trapped with only his mind's amusement and the universe's song.They  leave him in blackness (even the fall from Bifrost had stars). His  hands are bound in silk, so he cannot conduct the universe to his whims,  but they do not gag him ("admit you were wrong, apologize and mean it,"  as if he would apologize at all!). Despite being able to feel the wall  at his back and the floor underneath where he sits, he sometimes  forgets, grows disoriented, loses sight of where Loki ends and where everything else begins. He does not know how long it has been, not in days or time that  will make any sense to anyone else. It has been eight hundred eleven  times he has fallen from Bifrost. It has been seven-hundred and eighty  seven times that he has killed Laufey and been embraced by Frigga after.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Music
Post-Avengers
FrostIron - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

