Work Text:








Apparently, everyone used to have the marks. Until they didn’t anymore.It had been bred out of humanity like a recessive trait of some kind, or as Thor suggested, when people had stopped believing, they had faded and disappeared, like most of the original seven wonders of the world.Tony snorted. “That’s a ridiculous and unscientific theory. The library at Alexandria didn’t disappear because people stopped believing in books.”“It is allegory,” Thor said with a frown.Though Steve considered that if everyone had had the marks, they wouldn’t have been a recessive trait. They did teach Mendel’s genetic laws in 1930’s Brooklyn high schools, after all. The news said the same, trotting out anthropology and medical experts on 24-hour news channels as part of the wall to wall coverage of the strange phenomenon.“It is perhaps similar to vestigial tails,” Thor rubbed his chin. “Humans no longer have these, either.”Steve sighed. He supposed it could have been worse. Tony caught his eye and started laughing, and Steve knew he’d been thinking the same thing.“Imagine the alteration bills,” he said, and Steve managed a tight grin in reply.The marks that appeared on nearly every human one day weren’t very obvious -- a pattern resembling the whorl of a fingerprint and almost as unique, on the inner wrist, tinted the color of coal-black ink. Almost as unique, because everyone was supposed to have a match somewhere on earth, and when the match was found, with a solid press of bared wrist to wrist, mark to mark, the pattern disappeared, followed (so they said) by an intense flood of emotion. Love. A match meant you’d found your soulmate.“Mumbo-jumbo,” Tony muttered. “Fucking magical witchcraft crap.”“It is like very old magic,” Thor said with a nod. “It is not to be dismissed as ‘crap’.” His pronouncement was incongruous; solemn-voiced, but his mouth and beard caked with powdered sugar from his donut.“It’s sorta like the opposite of wedding rings,” Clint said. “Somebody’s missing a mark, means they’re taken.”“Or,” Tony said, “Or they could just put on makeup to get creeps of their back, or draw a mark on with a Sharpie to cheat.”The thing was, the marks would have been pretty hard to draw, though a modern-day tattoo artist could probably create a fair facsimile if someone was really determined. When someone lost their matched love due to an unfortunate circumstance, the mark reappeared...but only if they truly wanted to move on. But apparently, nobody without the mark wanted to cheat; couples already in love or in happy relationships felt their bond strengthened when their marks disappeared. Couples in not-so-happy ones became instantly happier and sought counseling when the mark indicated that they were with their soulmate (sometimes the problem was that they weren't sure the other was really into them) and existing couples who weren’t a match, well..that could be a problem.“It’s not a problem, Tony,” Pepper said, when they pressed their wrists together and their marks stayed resolutely black. “It’s not, well, it’s not like we’re still together.”“No, but, Pep-” Tony’s forehead wrinkled.“You think it’s all crap anyway,” she jostled him gently with her elbow and rolled her eyes. “Soulmates.”“It is crap, totally,” Tony insisted. “I mean, biological determinism? Come on. But...we had some great years.”“We did,” she nodded back and gripped his shoulders until his eyes met hers. “This doesn’t mean our relationship was a waste of time.”“I know,” Tony said. “Of course not.”“Did you try it with JARVIS?” Pepper’s eyes sparkled. “Can you make JARVIS a wrist?”“Oh, shut up,” Tony said, pressing a finger to her lips. “Don’t be ridiculous.”That was ridiculous, right?---------Clint came back from a long weekend away without a mark. Natasha opened a bottle of vodka to celebrate with him, but she was the only one who knew. Clint took to wearing Adidas wristbands or a Fitbit when he wasn’t in his Hawkeye costume, but he never made it obvious.Thor didn’t have a mark, but he was a god, not a human. Jane Foster didn’t have one, and didn't mind, because she was a scientist. “I care about him,” she told Darcy. “It doesn’t matter if he’s my soulmate or not.”Darcy nodded. “He has a great ass. I wouldn’t care either.”Maria Hill matched someone at SHIELD, a computer technician. Fury rearranged their schedules without asking, which she appreciated more than she could express, so she gave him a spontaneous hug, which made him profoundly uncomfortable. But he knew the feeling. He had a match too.Like Jane, Steve didn’t have a mark. He figured Peggy had been his soulmate. Or maybe Bucky. Or maybe the Vita-Ray process and the serum had altered his body chemistry so that he wouldn’t have a mark anyway. That was a theory of Bruce’s. Bruce had a mark though, and it didn’t change when he transformed. Bruce would rub his opposing thumb against it distractedly when deep in thought, wondering where Betty might be. He thought it would be worse to tes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Romantic Soulmates
Skepticism
Friends to Lovers
Drunk Sex
Tropes
Post-Avengers (2012)
(Not that drunk)
Misunderstandings
Soulmates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

