Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 
 
Being a self-employed futurist means occasionally scouting for talent, and being that Tony is no longer CEO of his own company, his schedule is slightly less flexible when it comes to actually doing anything for the benefit of Stark Industries.  It's a yearly jaunt across the globe, visiting genius weirdoes who need funding and support but are too afraid of going for government contracts, and it's probably Tony's favorite form of business trip. Normally he'd postpone, but Pepper won't let him put it off without a good reason, and he's not ready to tell her about the newest developments in his relationship.   

It's too soon for them to be apart.  A few days of camping out in the living room, watching classic movies and waking up in a warm, sunlit square of the couch aren't nearly enough.  For most people, resolving the days of tension and frustration would have involved cutting out on work for a few days to spend it in bed;  for Tony and Bruce and Steve, it's not that simple.  It means exploring boundaries and comfort levels, learning what's okay and what isn't; that takes more time and effort than a wild three-day-weekend.

There's a part of Tony-- the part that doesn't like himself very much-- that thinks this might be a good idea.  A couple of weeks alone might give them a chance to think this whole thing over again, maybe realize that they don't really need him, or that it's crazy, or something.  And objectively, that would be for the best, says that part.   The other part of him says that's all complete bullshit, but it's not as loud.

"All right, I should be back in a couple of weeks," Tony says, as reassuring as he can manage.  Shortly, he'll be on his way to the airport, and he's already half-dreading it.   "You're gonna be okay, right? I thought about putting up a hamster bottle in the lab, but I didn't have enough time to make that much coffee." 

Bruce just nods; there's no disappointment in his posture, because of course something like this would happen. He doesn't even have it in him to be surprised.  "We'll be okay. Have a good trip, Tony."

"Call us once in awhile, all right?" Steve clasps Tony's wrist, and the faintly desperate strength in his grip undercuts the stoicism on his face.   

Tony's other hand reaches up to curl around the nape of Steve's neck, drawing him forward into a kiss, slow and lingering, and he pulls away only reluctantly when he realizes they haven't actually done it enough for Steve to have the rhythm down yet.  That thought hurts, and he resolves on the spot to try to get back early and correct that particular oversight.  He reaches for Bruce in the same way, and is surprised when Bruce takes Tony's face in both hands and kisses him briefly, fiercely.

"The sooner you go, the sooner you can come home,"  Bruce murmurs.  "So get out of here, already."

Tony forces a grin that manages to be just careless enough, and heads off, leaving the two of them alone to count the days while he hopes to God he hasn't fucked up irrevocably yet.

 
--

 
Tuesday afternoon, day four, finds them in the lab.  Steve's taken to camping out at a borrowed drafting table, reading or studying or drawing while Bruce works on... whatever it is that he works on, Steve has no idea what any of the meters on his console mean.  

It's been storming almost constantly, but the hope that it signals Thor's quick return dulls out when the weather forecast predicts it straight through to the weekend; it hardly matters, the lab blocks out all the sound of the rain anyway.  Leaving the Tower for anything beyond walking distance just isn't worth the trouble;  they could just as easily borrow a car, except Steve's never driven anything but motorcycles and Bruce would rather avoid the possibility of road rage in Manhattan.

He looks up from his latest smattering of doodles when he sees Bruce fuss with his monitor, and drag something that looks like a molecular diagram off of the screen and into the air around them.  "Got something?"

"Paraffin wax, with a couple of additives," Bruce responds easily.  "I think I've found a good base to make crayons for the Hulk." 

"Is it weird that my first assumption is that at least one of those additives is the Serum? Seems like that stuff really gets around." Steve sits up, amused and pleased.  Bruce hasn't talked much in a few days;  he doesn't talk much generally, but without Tony around to force him to talk or to make up the difference himself, the silence has been deafening.  

He smiles, just slightly, and expands the projection.  "No.  Technically speaking, you'd be right; a few of the compounds isolated from the Serum would be going into this, hypothetically."  Bruce taps the project name at the top of his console window:  CapColors.   

Steve reads it and laughs, maybe a little flattered as he comes over to inspect the diagram. It's all Greek to him, but he pays attention anyway.  "Tell me how it works?"

"The same way normal crayons 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stark Spangled Banner
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Polyamory
Threesome
Steve likes to draw
hurt/comfort elements
Angst
Unresolved Sexual Tension
For Science!
Tony has a real job
Dom/sub
Porn Watching
Masturbation
Safewords
Phone Sex
Video Chat
Subspace
Threesome - M/M/M
Artistic License for characters who haven't been seen in the movies yet
Kidnapping
Mind Control
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con
References to Suicide

fandom: 
Stark Spangled Banner
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

