Work Text:
After he takes Bucky back to SHIELD headquarters in Times Square (the Helicarrier is still in dry dock), Steve doesn't see him again for fifty-eight hours. He waits around for the first twelve or so, before Darcy talks him into eating something, escorts him to the cafeteria, and chatters at him while he pushes food around on a plate. "I'm sorry," he finally says. "I can't--I need to go back and see what's happening.""They're still questioning him," she says. "It's been twelve hours.""First they did a quick medical exam," she says, sipping calmly on her soda. "And then they had to wait until Professor Xavier arrived." She sticks her fork into his plate and spears half a meatball. "You're not gonna eat that, are you?"Steve shoves the plate over to her and stands. She sighs, drops the fork, and gets up with him, grabbing both plates and making him feel like a jerk for leaving the clean-up to her. "All right," she says, more serious than he's ever seen her outside of mission briefings. "But you know they're not going to let you see him.""I have to try.""Of course you do."Natasha is leaning against the wall outside the interrogation room, arms crossed over her chest, the repeated tap of one red nail against her elbow equal to a full-scale meltdown from anyone else. He doesn't like to think about what that composure costs her.Darcy glances between them and attempts a strained smile that Natasha doesn't return."You can go now," he says, and Darcy flees, the click of her boot heels loud on the linoleum floor. Natasha raises an eyebrow at him, but he just leans against the wall opposite her and crosses his arms over his chest, as well.Steve's not sure how long the two of them stand there, staring at the blank gray walls--long enough for him to count the cracks in the ceiling four times--but Coulson comes by and collects them for a briefing that goes in one ear and out the other. He vaguely recalls hearing something about a potential imminent threat from Latveria. "Get some sleep," Fury says when it's done. "We'll let you know what develops." It takes Steve a second to realize he means with Latveria, not with Bucky.Darcy walks him back to his quarters, and he knows Coulson thinks he's clever, using her, using their friendship, this way. Which isn't fair--he knows Darcy probably wants to help him (he knows Coulson probably wants to help, too). But he just can't deal with her right now."You want to talk?" she asks. "Or play cards or something?""I don't need a babysitter," he says as gently as he can."Are you really going to sleep?"Steve laughs softly, no humor in it. "I'm going to try." Darcy puts a hand on his arm and goes up on her tiptoes to give him a quick kiss on the cheek. "You've got my number if you need me.""Thanks, Darcy." He hesitates, then, "Go home."She gives him a nod and a tight smile that tells him more than anything else how worried she is. But she doesn't understand that he's not the one who needs to be worried over right now.He manages four fitful hours of tossing and turning, nightmares of watching Bucky fall playing out over and over, the sick jolt in his gut as he falls after him waking him each time. He's had the nightmares since the day it happened, and they've never gotten any easier to bear.He gives it up as a bad job and heads down to the briefing room, which is dim and quiet. He thinks about calling Darcy, even though it's after two in the morning. She'd pick up, but there isn't really anything he can say, so he doesn't.Natasha joins him at some point after three. "They've moved him to a holding cell," she says.Steve pushes a hand through his hair. "I don't suppose they're allowing any visitors."She huffs softly. "Not at this hour. And certainly not you or me."He reaches out and takes her hand. She shoots him a surprised look but lets him hold it for a little while. It's warm and callused and feels deceptively fragile. He wonders vaguely about the last time she held hands with someone; he can't imagine it happening very often, which is kind of sad, though he's sure she wouldn't appreciate him feeling that way.She takes her hand back and he's starting to wish he'd brought a deck of cards when both their phones ring at the same time. The lights go up in the briefing room and this time they're sent out to stop a group of HYDRA agents who've hijacked a jet out of JFK. All his old angry feelings about HYDRA have resurfaced and at least now he gets to hit things. It only takes a couple of hours, but he's able to sleep for a while afterwards, right up until the dreams start again and he watches Bucky fall and fall and fall.Even a hot shower doesn't make him feel any better. He's glaring at the coffee maker on the counter and wondering if they'd let him bring Bucky coffee (if he had any coffee in his kitchen; he knows they won't let him bring anything in from outside) when his phone goes off and he's summoned to another briefing."You look like shit," Tony says, pressing a large cup of cof
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Recovery
Friends to Lovers
West Wing Title Project

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

