Work Text:
Tony notices it a couple of months after the team moves into the tower. He's staring at a set of schematics for the Mark VII on one of his holographic screens, the design for Captain America's new suit on the secondary one on his right, and Hawkeye's new set of arrows on the one of his left, because working on one project at a time is for other people, when he blinks at the screen, the lines blurry and indistinct for a couple of seconds. He pauses, pressing his fists to his eyes."JARVIS, how long have I been here?""Six hours, sir."It's not that long. Tony has definitely gone for longer, way longer stretches ensconced inside his workshop looking at the holograms and it has never made the images waver in front of his eyes or a headache start to build behind them. He closes his eyes again, taking a deep breath, and when he opens them again the images are still somewhat fuzzy around the edges."JARVIS," he says, almost a sigh, "Can you run calibration on the holographic screens?" It could be a glitch in the system, unlikely as that is.It takes few seconds for the reply to come, and it's not the one Tony has been expecting. "All systems are perfectly calibrated, sir."Tony blinks and stares at the screens. No, still blurry. He narrows his eyes, the images coming into sharper focus, and curses."JARVIS, I need some optometric tests."He stares straight ahead while JARVIS does as instructed, lines of light and images appearing at different ranges. "It appears you are suffering from presbyopia, sir."Exactly as Tony had imagined. It was bound to happen, sooner or later, considering the amount of time he spends working and staring at screens."What are my options?""There is surgery, sir. But considering the low impact on your daily life, and the fact that you would only need to correct your eyesight while working with computers, I'd advice against it."Surgery. Tony's had more than enough surgery to last him for a lifetime, thank you very much, so unless it's something life threatening and unavoidable, there's no chance in hell he's taking that route. And well, he might be vain, but Tony's aware he's past forty, and not getting any younger. It's not something that can be fixed with just one surgery; it's going to keep getting worse as time goes by."No surgery," he finally decides. "Just get me some glasses to have around the house, more than one pair since I know I'll be misplacing them all the time. You know where to order them from and what I like."He turns back to his projects. "And move the screens a bit further until they arrive."…The first time Steve sees Tony wearing glasses, he walks into a wall.He's coming down to the kitchen to get something to eat after a training session, his body pleasantly tired and a light film of sweat covering his skin. He's feeling good, as it usually happens when they have a down week and he can spend time in the tower, giving his body a nice workout without the threat of world annihilation and passing his time getting accustomed to the new century. There are too many things Steve has yet to learn about the new era, though he's slowly getting up to date on the salient points.Living in a technological work of art helps. As it does living with Tony Stark.Surprisingly enough, after that rocky start aboard the helicarrier, Tony and Steve get along like a house on fire. It might have something to do with watching Tony flying that nuke into space, or with the fact that when it counts, Tony respects Steve and can follow orders. They still fight, because Tony wouldn't be Tony if he wasn't a sarcastic arrogant bastard, but the barbs aren't as venomous as the first time, and they make sure not to cross any line.In the past three months, since the entire team moved into the tower, Steve has come to terms with quite a few things about the new century. And himself. And Tony Stark. He's been pleasantly surprised by the fact that nowadays most people accept that love is love, whatever the form it takes. He's proud that people don't have to hide, or live a lie, just because their preference doesn't conform to the norm. He's also been disappointed to realize that, in spite of that, there is still hate. And that there are people who use religion to incite that same hate. He's still adjusting to most things, because everything and everyone he ever knew and loved is long gone, but this new age means he doesn't have to keep himself in check all the time, that he can look at a man, or even kiss one, and he won't end up in jail.And then there's Tony Stark, who is snarky and sarcastic and brilliant. Tony, who is an egocentric selfish bastard, except when he is a generous and self-sacrificing idiot. Tony is a study in contradictions, and Steve is self aware enough to admit being fascinated by him. And more than a little attracted to him.It has not been a problem, because they are still building their friendship, and Tony is still mourning the end of his relationship with Pepper. Steve has more control 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Humor
Wall Sex
First Time

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

