Chapter 1: Thor
    




Chapter Text

 If there was one thing Bruce missed from before he'd ruined his life, it was sex. Well, not  sex  per se, but everything that went around it, for him. He'd long been into 'the scene' before he changed, and his sexual desire to be dominated hadn't, sadly, changed at the same time. If it was hard enough finding a partner who was willing to subjugate and degrade him when he was just a regular guy, what hope was there for him to find one now that he might turn into a giant green rage machine if someone pissed him off? He didn't even want to try it, it was too dangerous. He didn't  think  the other guy would come out; if anything, he expected him to take a back seat just as Bruce's anger always had done when he was being sent blissfully into subspace. But it was still a risk, one that he wasn't willing to potentially hurt anyone else by taking.But then Thor started telling them all about the rather liberal sexual mores of his people, how he had a 'pet' back home, who he missed terribly and who's only job was to satisfy Thor's every sexual need. The rest of the avengers looked horrified, Bruce pretending to be too. Thor went on to explain how there was little to no shame in people's individual desires on Asgard, whatever they were, and that those who wished to be dominated would simply let it be known, usually finding someone such as himself who enjoyed doing it for them. It wasn't talked about, it just was.Bruce subsequently asked Thor to talk to him further about the Asgardian Way when they were alone."Do you wish to be dominated, Bruce?" Thor asked, bluntly. Bruce shrugged. "Is it that obvious?" "Maybe not to everyone."Bruce realised he was standing very stiffly. Thor looked him over. "You wish me to overpower you." It was phrased like a question but was a statement of fact. Bruce nodded. Thor looked serious."What do you like, Bruce?"Bruce took a deep breath. "I like being told what to do. I like... not having any free will whatsoever." He surprised himself how easily he was saying all this, like it had been bottled up for a long time and he'd finally taken out the cork. "I like being  made  to do things. Suck cock, eat pussy, whatever I'm told. I like being made to beg for it." Thor was nodding, mentally noting it all down. "Orgasm control, choking, slapping, being tied up," His mind ran out. He just liked anything he was told to do. Liked relinquishing control to someone else."What are your limits?"Bruce shrugged. "I don't really..." Thor looked at him skeptically. "Well I've never done it, not since the accident. So probably wouldn't want to do anything I didn't do before it. So no bodily fluids. Except cum. And spit. I like being spat at - in the face." He ducked his head at that. It felt good to let this out, even if he wasn't sure what it might lead to. Thor nodded solemnly. "You like being used." Bruce nodded. His throat was dry. "Yeah.""And you have a safeword?" Bruce half-smiled. "Well, it used to be red, with green as go... but that doesn't seem appropriate now." Thor smiled too. "Well then. Think about it. And when you're ready we can see if we can help each other." --Bruce came back to Thor's quarters later that night. He'd been unable to do anything other than think about their short conversation earlier, and since most of the Avengers had gone to bed, now was as good a time as any. If he did hulk-out, Thor would be the best at restraining him anyway, plus Thor’s floor had the same reinforcements as his was because of the heft of Mjolnir.He knocked, gingerly. "Come in." Thor said immediately. He'd been waiting for him. "Did you decide?" "Yeah.” Bruce nodded. “I figured 'Fury' might be appropriate?" Thor chuckled. "Very well. Are you ready?" Bruce swallowed. "Yeah. Um, are we going to do this now?" "If you want to." Bruce nodded eagerly. "Where do you want me?"Thor stood, threw a cushion to a spot in the centre of the floor. "Kneel there." He said. Bruce walked over and knelt. Thor stood in front of him. "You like sucking, Bruce?" Bruce nodded. "Let's see how good you are." Thor said, easing down the jogging pants he was wearing and pulling out his hefty cock. Bruce exhaled. He yearned to taste. Bruce looked up at Thor, waiting for instruction. He nodded, which Bruce took as instruction enough. He leaned forward and sighed as his tongue made contact. Warm and smelling of Thor, he closed his eyes and licked across the tip. Thor pulled back and took his cock in hand. Bruce instinctively opened his mouth wide, and Thor pushed in. He hit the back of his throat and kept going, Bruce wincing and trying not to gag. Thor rumbled happily. "Yes, you do like this, don't you?" Bruce was so stuffed that he couldn't even grunt in agreement, just shifted his head to nod yes. Thor held him there for a moment, pulling back and letting Bruce collect his breath while he rubbed his slick cock over Bruce's face. He slapped him with the length of it a few times too, Bruce closing h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Thor
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
BDSM
Safewords
Dom/sub Play
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
OT6
CBT
Rough Sex
Masochism
Safeword Use
Orgasm Denial
Possessive Behavior
Kissing
Ruler
Face Slapping
Slapping
Electricity
Butt Plugs
Anal Plug
subtle domming
Collars

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Thor
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

