Chapter 1: Simple Cowboy
    




Chapter Text
“What happens when you become king?” Loki murmured into Thor’s bare chest as the blonde held him close in the warmth of his thick arms.“Then you become my queen,” Thor joked. Loki huffed to show how unimpressed he was with the answer.“I don’t know, Loki,” Thor finally admitted, stroking a hand through the smooth inky locks lazily. “I haven’t thought about it, I just sort of hoped everything would remain the same.”“And if it doesn’t?” Loki asked, terrified of the answer. “Then we will find another way,” Thor answered confidently, though it was evident that he clearly didn’t have a clue what to do if they ever crossed that bridge. It unsettled Loki, how unprepared and brash Thor was, always forgetting that there are consequences that require prior planning to avoid or resolve.“Why must you worry about it now, brother? Can we not just enjoy what we have until the time comes?” he tilted Loki’s chin up for a kiss. “I promise I’ll do whatever it takes to be with you, always.”“I do not take very kindly to being forgotten is all,” Loki mumbled. The problem was that Thor always promised and Thor didn’t always carry through, Loki knew this from the hundreds of years they had spent growing up as children. He forgave Thor for all of his past promises for petty things, souvenirs from journeys or treats from the kitchen, but this was a promise that would cost them both dearly should Thor be unable to come through.His thoughts were lost as Thor rolled on top to blanket Loki in an overwhelming bout of warmth, hands tracing the sharp features of Loki’s face and prominent collar bones. He smiled down at him warmly, the azure of his eyes so mesmerizing that Loki let his anxiety and fears go for the moment. He pulled Thor down for a kiss, bringing up his legs to wrap around Thor’s waist, pleased to feel that Thor was already achingly hard for him. To his surprise, Thor pulled back, causing Loki to unlock his legs from behind Thor’s back and stare up at his love.With a soft smile, Thor swung his legs over Loki’s hips, slowly working his way up to rest in Loki’s lap. “Thor?” he asked. He was rarely given this treatment, and generally had no complaints of being taken by Thor when they coupled. In fact, the last time Thor eagerly rode him was ages ago -- for his birthday. He opened his mouth to speak again but Thor captured him a forceful kiss that tasted of desperation and Loki just closed his eyes to savour the moment. With a flick of his wrist behind Thor’s back he coated himself generously with oil, slicking his fingers as well. Thor wasn’t as experienced, and Loki had quite the bragging rights when it came to being well-endowed. He was gentle with Thor, holding his brother while working him open gradually. Thor quivered with anticipation at Loki’s every action. “Now,” Thor pleaded softly. “Please, I want to feel you, brother.”The words drove him into frenzy and he gave in quickly, one hand grabbing his painfully hard cock, the other guiding Thor’s body above him. As soon as the tip had penetrated the incredibly tight ring of muscle, Thor’s legs trembled so much that he had to sit back on his heels, gasping to regain his breath. Loki looked up at the beautiful sight above him, a chiseled bronze statue it seemed if not for the heaving chest. He stroked Thor’s thighs affectionately, and Thor started to circle his hips, stirring Loki’s cock even more. “I will never forget about you, brother,” Thor whispered, coming to rest his elbows on either side of Loki’s head. They kissed throughout the entirety of their lovemaking with Thor’s rhythmic rising and descending, Loki rising off the mattress to match Thor’s pace. Loki could tell from the pinched look on Thor’s face that he was trying to hold back his orgasm, yet little did he know that Loki was also dying for release. He took Thor in his hand, knowing that no matter how hard Thor tried he could never resist Loki’s expert touch. “L-Loki,” Thor stuttered as his hips followed his tongue’s lead, jerking out of regularity. He splashed a thick stream of semen across Loki’s stomach, the last of it leaking over Loki’s fingers that slowed down to pump out every last drop while Thor unsteadily lurched a few more times, keeping his muscles tight for Loki to find his release as well. With a sharp inhale, Loki experienced a full body shiver as he spilled his seed inside Thor, groaning when the last wave of his orgasm finally died out. Thor rested their foreheads together and Loki finally let himself believe that everything would be alright.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Angst
Smut
SUPER LONG WIP.

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

