Chapter 1: Scarlet Souls
    




Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)
Pepper hadn't been looking for anything in particular on Tony's computer in his office at SI. It was just a way of feeling a little closer to him. Just a little. She couldn't bear to talk to Jarvis, because that would be too close, but the desktop computer had no personality. It was just a piece of standard office equipment, one that she and Obie often used because Tony was seldom actually in the office.
She slipped in the lock chip she'd found in Tony's workshop, and began idly checking out the ghost drive. She didn't like the name. It made her think that ... no, Tony was missing, not dead. Before he'd been knocked unconscious by flying debris, Rhodey had seen Tony leave the humvee. Tony'd been able to run, he was fine. Knowing Tony, he was probably holed up in some Afghani town whining about the lack of modern communications and charming everyone around him by fixing their cars. Or maybe he'd got drunk and thrown in the local jail. Pepper was pretty sure alcohol was illegal in Afghanistan, but that wouldn't stop Tony. They'd let him out eventually. Two months in jail might even be good for him. Maybe he'd invent something to make life more interesting for the inmates.
She froze when the video she clicked on out of random curiosity began playing. It was a nightmare. It couldn't be real. Hastily she ordered the computer to translate. "Oh, my God. Obadiah..." She put in a flash drive and copied everything, mind whirling. What could she do? If she confronted Obadiah, he'd have a story, he always did. Or maybe he'd just try to kill her, too. She couldn't turn Obadiah in to any authorities; the kidnappers might hear about it and kill Tony. Rhodey? No, Rhodey was searching for Tony, let him stay where he was. Pepper would handle this, handle Obadiah. She would fix everything. She was the best damn P.A. in the business, she wasn't going to fail Tony now.
 
"Jarvis, wake up." Pepper strode into the workshop and looked around, reassessing it in terms of her half-formed plans.
"Yes, Ms. Potts," Jarvis replied. The lights brightened as Pepper went over to Tony's work console. She didn't know Tony's systems like he did, of course not, but she knew them better than anyone else on Earth. She sat down and fed the flash drive into a port. "Access all the data on that drive, Jarvis. Correlate everything. Find out where Tony is being kept, and help me formulate a plan to get him back."
Jarvis was silent for several seconds, an eternity compared to his usual response. "Is Mr. Stane's survival a requirement?" Jarvis sounded more human than ever. It wasn't nice.
Pepper smiled. That wasn't nice, either. "No, Jarvis, it is not."
"In that case, you may wish to recruit Mr. Hogan to provide physical assistance."
 
"What's the matter with you two?" Obadiah shouted once the effect of the sonic paralyzer wore off. Shouting was all he could do, since he was held between a dozen of the huge assembly grapplers in the middle of Tony's workshop. They held his arms and legs and even his head immobile. The robot Tony called You was positioned in front of him, far enough away that the camera You held captured Obadiah's full-length image as well as that of Pepper standing calmly beside him. Pepper didn't reply to him, but Happy turned and looked at him.
"I never liked you, Mr. Stane, even before you tried to kill Mr. Stark." Happy looked at Pepper. "Do you want me to do it? I mean, I was in the ring, I'm used to blood."
"No, Happy, but thank you." Pepper patted Happy on the arm. He nodded and walked out of camera range and stood, watching. "Jarvis..." she said.
Obadiah said, "Now, just wait, wait a minute here, what's all this about trying to kill Tony? I love him like my own son! I would never..."
"Play it, Jarvis. Audio only," Pepper said, and the translation of the Afghani spokesman complaining about Obadiah not paying enough to kill Tony Stark filled the room.
"No!" Obadiah protested. "That's a fake! A trick!"
"Jarvis," Pepper said clearly, "is the connection still feeding to the Ten Rings?"
"Yes, Ms. Potts. Do you wish two-way live-feed now?"
"Yes, please, Jarvis." Pepper looked at Obadiah. "Be quiet, or I'll have Happy gag you." An image appeared in one of the monitor frames, showing the same cave/room as in the previous video. This time there were only a few men in view, all of them looking furious. One began speaking, a rapid-fire stream of words that Jarvis translated to English in real time. 
"How dare you insult us by using a woman as your go between, Obadiah Stane!"
Pepper shook her head. "You misunderstand. Mr. Stane has nothing to do with these negotiations. He is merely here to demonstrate my sincerity when I tell you that if you do not release Tony Stark, unha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
BAMF Pepper Potts
Fix-It
Team Tony
Dark!Pepper

fandom: 
None
