Work Text:
Sex is -- wow. If Steve had known how fantastic it could be, well, he still would have waited for the right partner. But he would have been a lot less patient about it.These days, he wants to kiss Bucky all the time. Soft good-morning kisses and heat-filled, biting kisses and sloppy after-sex kisses. He never realized before what a gorgeous mouth Bucky has, more fool him. Steve wants to kiss that mouth every minute.He can't get enough of Bucky's hands on his body, and his hands on Bucky's. His wrists want to be held tight in Bucky's grip, and the insides of his knees want to be touching Bucky's thighs. He wants the smell of Bucky's neck, the sound of the two of them rolling across the sheets, and the way time goes honey-slow when they're touching.The whole first week after he and Bucky got together, Steve walked around with his face bright red because he couldn't stop thinking about it. Now, it's been almost a month, and he's stopped going red but he hasn't stopped thinking about it.The only problem, really, is that Bucky's terrible self-sacrificing streak shows up in the bedroom as well as everywhere else.Today is a good example. It's nighttime, the best time, and Steve is spread out across the bed with Bucky leaning over him. Bucky is kissing Steve's neck, taking his time with it, and Steve is running his hands along Bucky's back from the wings of his shoulder-blades on down. Everything is still new enough that when he runs his hands over Bucky's ass, and tucks the fingers of one hand into the crease, it feels luscious and dirty and almost too intimate. Bucky makes an mmm sound and leans back into Steve's hands, and raises his head enough to say, "You can, you know. If you want to."Steve is way too gone to make sense of that. "I can what?" he asks hazily."You can fuck me," Bucky says, and leans back down to bite lightly at Steve's nipple."I -- what?" Steve says, confused. Bucky's gotten more crass as they've gotten comfortable with each other, and it bothered Steve for about a minute until he decided that was just Bucky's way. But usually what Bucky says at least makes sense. "I'm pretty sure that's what we're doing," he says, and runs his right foot up the side of Bucky's leg. He loves feeling the hair on Bucky's legs, and the strength of Bucky's muscles.Bucky laughs quietly. "No, I mean you can fuck me," he reaches back and grips Steve's hand, "here."Steve gapes. "Men can do that?" Nobody in the Army talked about that. He really shouldn't have turned down Clint's offer of a gay sex tutorial. Or Tony's offer. Or Natasha's.Bucky laughs, dropping his head to Steve's chest. "Oh, man. Never change, Rogers, I mean it.""No, no, what do you mean?" Steve asks, poking the back of Bucky's head. This could be really good. "Are you serious?""Not anymore, you've ruined the moment." Bucky flops out in a sprawl over Steve's body, his shoulders still shaking a little."Bucky," Steve says. "Come on, are you messing with me? Do men really do that?"Bucky lifts his head to look at Steve. This is another thing Steve will never get enough of: Bucky's beautiful open eyes, and the heat in them, and the love in them. Bucky says, "Yeah, men do that. It can feel really good."Steve says, "Oh." The thought of putting his dick inside Bucky is, is. He's about to say, oh my goodness, yes when Bucky grins and says,"And you're in luck, because I've been told I am ace at getting fucked."Steve frowns, and something inside him snaps to attention. This is not Bucky's happy, relaxed sex voice or even his curious, bittersweet 'some memories are okay' voice. This is Bucky's 'give ground and lie about it' voice, the one Steve has come to hate. He says carefully, "You've been told that, huh?""Best ass in the Balkans, that's me," Bucky says, his smile getting sharper. His body has gone completely tense on top of Steve's, and Steve -- he doesn't have any idea what to do at moments like this.So he grabs onto the first wild idea that comes to mind, and says, "How about you do that to me instead?"The grin drops right off Bucky's face, and his eyes go wide. "What?" he asks. He goes loose with surprise, and Steve thinks if he can just ride the wave of it they can get through this all right."I think it sounds like fun," Steve says, and spreads his legs so Bucky's thighs fall in between them. He smiles a little at the dazed expression on Bucky's face, and says, "If you're ace at it, then it can't be that hard."Bucky looks like he's caught between laughter, sadness and arousal, and he says, "Rogers, maybe we --"Steve leans up and kisses him. "Come on," he says. "I know you'll make it good for me." He doesn't actually know this, but he hopes. And if it doesn't feel the greatest, well, he heals fast. At least saying it eases the tight lines around Bucky's eyes.Bucky bites his lip, his eyes flicking quickly to the exits and back to Steve, and then he nods once. "Yeah, yeah, I'll make it good for you. Just stay there," he says, and gets up and goes to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Small mentions of non-con
Healing angst through boners

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

