Work Text:
Depending on when you caught him, Tony was either a light sleeper or a heavy sleeper. If you caught him in Afghanistan, forced him to sleep in the middle of inventing, or in the middle of an ongoing mission (who the hell wants missions that last more than a day, Fury?), he was a light sleeper. If you caught him after one of his long bouts of insomnia (meaning very long, leading to Pepper tearing her hair out and JARVIS constantly telling him he should go to bed and Dummy actually hiding the coffee pot) or managed to get him to a bed after thirty hours of no sleep and stayed in bed with him, he was a heavy sleeper.As a light sleeper, he woke up every hour or so and depending on how he’d gotten to bed, he’d either get up to go into the lab or roll back over to sleep again because Pepper/Steve/Bruce/some random S.H.I.E.L.D. doctor was eyeing him warningly. As a heavy sleeper, not much woke him up until his body had extorted the required amount of sleep he’d denied it.In general, someone trailing kisses down his spine tended to do the job very well. If only because it was a novel sensation that he didn’t wake up to often (try never).“Mmph,” Tony grunted sleepily into his pillow, not quite willing to move.The sound caused the kisser to change directions, eventually leading up to the nape of his neck and breath tickling the hairs by his ear. “Morning,” Steve breathed, trailing a kiss over Tony’s temple.Tony mumbled something into his pillow that elicited a short chuckle from Steve. “Didn’t catch that, sorry.”Tony turned his face to the side, facing Steve with his eyes still closed. “It’s not morning until it’s after nine. And even then it’s early.”A hand brushed over Tony’s jaw line, tickling the stubble that had accumulated overnight. “It’s eight.”“Too early.” Tony mashed his face back into the pillow.Steve ran a hand down Tony’s back. “Do you usually sleep on your stomach?”No, usually he didn’t. He was very fond of sprawling, sleeping on his side, or cuddling. Sleeping on his stomach he only did when hiding the glow of the reactor. It wasn’t something most of his bed partners enjoyed (not that he’d had many after Afghanistan, what with building the suit, Obadiah’s betrayal, and then his privatizing of world peace), but it didn’t really matter since they were usually one-night stands, and he kept a shirt on for that. Pepper had been an exception, and Steve apparently didn’t mind all that much considering the few times they’d shared a bed.Even if it was a long-term relationship, it was a courtesy Tony paid his new partners until he found out where they stood regarding the arc reactor and its secondary function as a night light.Giving up on sleep for the meantime, Tony sighed into his pillow before turning his head once again, this time to look at Steve. “Not usually. Does it bother you?”“No.” Steve was tracing lazy circles into Tony’s skin. “I noticed because it was dark.”“Hm.”“It doesn’t bother me.” Steve rolled on his stomach next to Tony, sliding over so that his arm lay across Tony’s back. “Your reactor,” he added unnecessarily. “It’s a part of you.”“It’s a machine embedded in my chest.”“And it keeps you alive.” Steve’s arm tightened around Tony. “Don’t feel like you have to hide it.”Tony kept silent, tracing Steve’s serious and completely honest visage with his eyes. He hadn’t expected this to be something Steve would talk about. Then again, he hadn’t expected the last so many conversations they’d had either. He’d heard good communication was a staple of a healthy relationship, so it soothed him that this was going right. Never mind that he was utter shit at expressing his feelings on a good day. He had a feeling Steve would eventually manage to coax everything out after giving Tony enough time to brood over it himself.He sighed softly, a small smile pulling at his lips. “Yeah, okay.”Steve smiled back. “Good.”Shifting, Tony slid into Steve’s chest, smirking now. “If we’re going to be talking about heavy stuff at”—he glanced at the clock—“eight-seventeen in the morning, then I think we can do some other stuff as well.”“Okay.” Steve rolled on top of Tony, holding enough of his weight so he didn’t crush the smaller man. “Just as long as you get ready for that appointment with the X-Men today at eleven.”Tony blinked owlishly. “Wait… That’s today? When were you planning on telling me?”“Now. Because if I’d told you earlier, you would have made up some sort of excuse to be late. This way you’ll be on time.”“Damn it, Captain.” Tony craned his neck to the side as Steve mouthed over the marks he’d left the previous night. “I’ve definitely corrupted you.”He could feel Steve’s grin against his skin, and was about to say something else when he was lightly bitten at a particularly sensitive spot and his brain largely shut down, its buzz relegated to sitting quietly in the background.Okay…teasing could wait. This was more important. Much more important.
Let it be put on record that Tony Stark does not like being 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony is a Mutant
Friendship
Romance
Humor
Crossover
Established Relationship
Ensemble Cast

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

