Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Scott Summers, get your ass into that pool or I swear to God!”Scott glares at Peter from underneath the umbrella. At least, Peter thinks it’s a glare. Scott always looks like he’s glaring at something with that visor thing. Peter’s not the mind reader, but he bets that Scott doesn’t want Jean to see his skinny, pasty ass out of a shirt.“You swear to God what, sir?”“I told you not to call me ‘sir’. I’m not old enough for ‘sir.’ Jesus.”“Well I’m not calling you that either.”Was Peter ever this annoying at fourteen?  Sometimes he doesn’t know whether to smack his students upside the head or laugh at them. “Or I swear to God I will wake your ass up at three in the morning to come out here and do twice as many laps.”Scott crosses his arms. “You can’t do that.”“Dude, Professor X likes me more than you. Who’s gonna stop me?”Jean swims up to the edge of the pool and rests her chin on the ledge. Her red hair fans out behind her like a mermaid. “Come on, Scott. The water’s not that cold and you’ll get used to it.”Her powers tug him playfully by the shirt. Scott folds like a house of cards and takes his shirt off, muttering under his breath.Peter blows on his whistle. “Now that everyone has stopped being babies, we can get started. Everyone line up by the steps. When I blow on the whistle again, I want you all to do five laps. First one finished gets a Mr. Goodbar!”“Aren’t sweets counterproductive after gym class?” Scott demands.Peter whips his head around. What fucking fourteen year old cares about that kind of shit? There had to be some kind of mix up at the hospital because there is no way that Scott and Alex are related.“Excellent point, Summers. The kid who finishes first gets a Mr. Goodbar except for Scott, who gets an apple or a grapefruit or some shit. On your mark! Get set! GO!”Peter blows as loud as possible on the whistle and his five students take off with the finesse and elegance of a whale having a seizure. Five years ago, when Peter “graduated,” Charles finally got off his ass and cleared Peter’s name with the government. It required several trips to D.C. and lots of mind wiping.  Thankfully, Peter’s face was never widely advertised like Erik’s. He was a free man and could do pretty much whatever the fuck he wanted.So what did he do?He went to fucking college.Yeah yeah, Peter kind of shocked himself too. And not even college in a cool place, like California or something. He went local: Lehman College in New York City. Nothing fancy (Erik and Charles really pushed for Columbia) but the small campus suited Peter just fine, and the liberal arts programs meant his silver hair never stood out among the riot of other hair colors.At first he did it for Charles. The man gave him an entirely new life, one of actual happiness, one that finally felt like he belonged in. And Charles had helped not only Peter, but countless other mutants once the school reopened.  Peter wanted to repay the favor, and he knew getting a degree would make Charles happy.During his second semester, though, Peter found out that he actually liked learning. At least, learning cool shit that he picked out for himself and not shit other people forced on him. He got a Physical Education degree, because that was fun, but he also took a lot of history classes.He couldn’t stop after his two American and World history requirements. Yeah, it’s all about a bunch of dead people, but what happened with those dead people still affects everyone today. Germany getting fucked over in World War One caused Hitler to get elected, which caused Erik’s entire family to die, which caused Erik to lose his shit in Cuba, which caused him to work alone to save Kennedy, which caused him to go to prison, which caused his and Peter’s new relationship, which caused Peter to go to college, which caused him to be here, driving the baby Mutants crazy in the swimming pool. It makes Peter sound like a yuppie high off his ass, but everything is connected, man. Everything. And he loves it, loves to research through all those connecting dots, like working backwards out of a maze.Charles says that if Peter can handle teaching Phys Ed without killing anyone, then maybe he can teach history next year. Summers swims his ass off, finishing first so that he can return to scowling under the umbrella with his shirt on. Charles says that having an older brother as tough and badass as Alex has given the kid some kind of complex.Peter lets the kids beach themselves on the side of the pool on their towels and soak in the sun. Warren lies on his stomach and flaps his wings up, smacking Pitor in the face. Peter whips out his sunglasses and gets ready to chill on his own towel when Raven shows up.“Your mom’s here,” she says. “Friday’s a little early for a weekend visit.”Peter shrugs. Maybe Wanda had a day off of school. “Can you watch the runts?”“Yeah, sure. We can continue practicing our chokeholds.”A collective groan rises from the kids. Peter grins.“Have fun, ru
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Sibling Bonding
The epic friendship of Jean and Wanda
Five year time skip!
Peter is slowly (VERY SLOWLY) maturing (maybe)
Established epic bro-ship of Peter and Erik
Father-Son Relationship
The Terrifying Rivalry between Scott and Wanda!
school fic
teacher!Peter
Teacher!Erik
Found Families
Growing Pains
exploding shit
Overprotective!Peter
Unofficial Adoption

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr & Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff

