Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Despite saving the world and defeating Loki, the Avengers aren’t instantly friends. It’s not exactly surprising. The circumstances weren’t really ripe for getting to be buds. Seriously, Tony doesn’t even get to properly meet Barton until they go for shawarma. In spite of this though, when they separate, he thinks they all feel the strings that tie them together, knows that it was Phil Coulson who tied them there, and wonders if they feel the same inevitability of coming together in the future that he does.
 
At first there’s only Tony and Bruce. The two of them hit it off on the helicarrier and it goes from there. While the tower is being rebuilt- and Tony knows he’s been infected by the team bug when he commissions five new suites along with his own- they stay at the house in Malibu. It’s great, as always, to have Pepper around, though now it’s even better because he has Bruce to be science buddies with too.  About a month into their new living situation Bruce has an incident, a minor incident mind, and puts Tony through his workshop window.  It’s too much for Pepper. It’s not really the incident that does it of course. It's simply the catalyst that triggers all the feelings she had had from when he’d fought with the Avengers, where she had to watch the whole Tony flying a missile into a portal and then fall from the sky like he was dead thing. Well that’s what she tells Tony anyway. She breaks it off with him, tears in her eyes. She tells him she’s sorry, and that she thought she, “Could deal with you being in danger all the time, but I can’t Tony, I just can’t.” She leaves him with a kiss on his forehead and her perfume lingering on his skin, though with the promise that she will stay on as his CEO and will always be his best friend. She still loves him. She just can’t be the one who sits at home wondering if this will be the time he doesn’t come back.
 
Bruce, of course, feels guilty and tries to make for South America. But Tony stops him, tells him it was probably for the best. It would only have hurt them further down the line and he hated hurting Pepper. Bruce keeps an eye on him while he tries to drink himself into oblivion, and although it’s terrible for his liver, it's good for him and Bruce. They get closer over time, and Tony realises Bruce is the first friend he’s had that he hasn’t had to pay in some way or another. It’s still probably for the best when he finally gets a call telling him the tower is ready and he can leave Malibu and its memories behind.
 
It takes one month after the tower is completed for the other Avengers to move in. First is Clint.  Tony goes to the new SHIELD headquarters to give Fury a communications prototype he had requested (he’s not big on sharing tech with SHIELD really, but he thinks of Coulson, and supposes even Fury can’t do much damage with improved headsets) and manages to bump into him on his way out. And by ‘bump into him’, he means Barton drops out of the ceiling in front of him, causing Tony give an exclamation of surprise (“Christ Stark, I didn’t know you could scream like that,” Barton snickers as Tony rights himself from where he’d fallen against the wall). Barton looks different than he had during the battle. His face seems pale and pinched, and when he laughs at Tony, it doesn’t reach his eyes. Not in the sense that his amusement is forced but as if, Tony thinks, there was something weighing on him, not letting him really relax. Tony doesn’t want to pry; he’s learned that asking secret agents about their lives is a waste of time (Natasha: case in point). So instead he just asks how Barton has been, a nice, normal, innocuous statement. Barton looks at him for a moment as if unsure what he should say, but then mutters, “They haven’t found me a new handler.”
That’s what he says, but Tony can see the strain in his eyes and the tenseness of his body, and-
Oh. Oh.
He’s surprised and he wonders if this was why Coulson was so vague about his cellist. If it was because he was talking about someone with a completely different sort of bow. Tony doesn’t ask though, doesn’t push, because for all his usual tactless brashness, he can still feel the rawness of the wound Pepper has left behind and he wouldn’t wish that on anyone. Instead he asks what Clint is doing now.
“Hanging around base. I don’t think they’re going to send me on missions till the shrinks decide I’m not still Loki’s puppet,” Barton says, his tone bitter.
And Tony doesn’t even really think about it, just comes out with, “You know Stark tower is all finished, and it’s pretty incredible if I do say so myself, which, hi , I’m me, so I totally do.”
Barton raises his eyebrow at him. “And?”
“Well, you know if you’re bored it has a media room and a range, so you could always come hang out there or you know, whatever. Bruce is there if you wanted someone to bother.”
Clint looks at him blankly for a moment, so much so that Tony feels like an idiot (not a common fee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Romance
First Time
Hurt/Comfort
Injury
insecure!Tony
Character Death Fix

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

