Chapter 1: That Night
    


Summary:

Tony had a small problem while setting up an electromagnet with the intention of testing some new shielding he'd built for the armor. He called Steve for some help. It wasn't the help he thought he needed, but Tony was really okay with the help he got.





Chapter Text
“Hey, Steve,” Tony spoke as soon as Steve answered the call. His voice was a little muffled, like he was talking to his phone on speaker from across the room.“Hi, Tony,” Steve answered, holding the little flat phone awkwardly. He couldn’t get used to just smashing the little touch screen against his face. It felt weird, and he worried that he’d accidentally hang up with his ear or send someone pictures of his jaw again. “So… are you busy?” Tony asked after an awkward pause. That was a little odd for Stark. Normally, he wouldn’t have let Steve get a word in until half-way through a conversation he was nearly having with himself.“No, just doodling,” Steve tossed the sketchpad off his lap as he heard the distinct ring metal striking metal, and Tony grunted in pain. He was on his feet, moving toward the door. “What’s wrong?”“Oh, nothing. I just need a hand down in the workshop.” Tony answered in a strained tone. “I’m not hurt.”Of course that meant that he probably was hurt. Steve ran for the elevator. “If you’re hurt and not telling me, I’m grounding you.”Tony didn’t laugh or crack a joke about preferring a recreational spanking, which worried Steve, but getting a report made it worse as he jogged through the hall. “Cut on my chest. Not deep, a scratch. A huge bruise where that wrench smacked my hip, but nothing bad. Just hang up and get down here – one floor under the workshop. Testing Room 1.”“Damn it! You agreed to have someone else down there for any weapons testing!” Steve snarled, stepping into the elevator.“Captain, Sir has hung up.” JARVIS informed him quietly as the doors closed.“Yeah,” Steve sighed. He looked up at the floor indicator. The AI already had it moving. “Thanks, JARVIS.”“I apologize for not informing you sooner, Captain. Sir has restricted me from accessing anything in testing room one and has completely isolated it from the power and other systems in the building.”“What’s he doing in there?”“I have no idea.” JARVIS paused for a moment. “I am worried, Captain.”“You and me both, fella.”*****Steve expected destruction, chaos, blood, and possibly flames when he opened the heavy blast door labeled ‘Testing Room 1’ in two inch tall letters.Instead, it was just a room full of old-fashioned-for-Tony terminals with blank screens. Tony was in about the center of the room with his arms over his head, wrists trapped against a metal donut wrapped in copper wire. The whole thing was about the size of his torso suspended from the ceiling on a steel pole. His feet only just touched the ground.“What the heck?” Steve froze in the doorway, suddenly and inappropriately turned on. Tony’s whole body was taut, stretched up like an offering. He’d be eternally grateful that Tony was facing the other way because the smart mouthed inventor would never, ever let him hear the end of it otherwise. “Electromagnet,” Tony tried to twist around to see him, only managing a partial turn before he twisted back. Steve swallowed dryly at the pull of muscles under the black shirt. “Can you reach the switch? It’s on the top – which I am moving as soon as I get down. Forgot I had the bracelets on.”“Uh, sure.” Steve walked over cautiously, trying to simultaneously ignore and memorize the way Tony looked dangling there. He got as close as he dared, not touching the taut, solid frame and took a deep breath. Bad Idea. Tony always smelled like grease and metal shaving and sweat – even under his fancy colognes. That smell filled his head and had him licking his lips – wondering how it would taste. He looked up at the magnet and caught sight of the dampness of sweat on his neck and all he wanted to do was lick it off.Aching with the same want he’d been ignoring for months, he reached up, feeling along the top edge of the metal donut. “Am I close?” He bit the inside of his jaw, flinching at the hunger in his own voice.“Just above it,” Tony answered, but his voice was a little breathless. Steve tiptoed, fumbling along the top of the donut, but he could only feel more wire. He lost his balance and tipped forward, smashing into and catching himself on Tony. They both gasped. For just a second, he was flush against Tony’s back with a hand on his hip. He felt the lean lines of muscle across Tony’s shoulders and down his back, and the firm swell of his butt crushed against Steve’s lap. He jerked away from the contact hoping Tony didn’t notice.“Whoa big fella!” Tony laughed as soon as Steve moved, but it was strained. “You’re packing some heat there, Rogers.”“Uh. Sorry.” Steve muttered, moving in to trying again but more from the side.“Don’t apologize. Cause you know: DAMN,” Tony chuckled. He dropped his head back to grin at Steve. “You shou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Accidental Bondage
Explicit Sexual Content
Trapped!Tony
Angst
Medical Procedures

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

