Work Text:





“Tony Stark, you are a handsome devil.”Said handsome devil turned this way and that, inspecting himself in the full length tri-partite mirror that allowed him a perfect view from every angle.  White tie was a hard look to pull off at the best of times, but Angelo had outdone himself with the tailoring, every seam and dart sculpted to his body like a second skin.  His hair was a happy marriage of artfully sculpted and just got out of bed, and the new goatee he’d decided on a whim to add to the moustache had grown in perfectly, adding just the necessary touch of the rake.  Best of times indeed.A throat cleared behind him, making him jerk his eyes up from where he’d been admiring his own ass. “Is this a private party, or can anyone join in?” Steve asked from the open doorway.Crap!  Tony smoothed the already immaculate line of his coat and turned around.  Whatever witticism he’d planned to counter with died stillborn as he got his first look at Steve in full mess dress.  For once, he thought, it was a good thing he had a miniaturised arc reactor powering his heart, because that flimsy organ would surely have exploded at the sight of Steven Rogers in light blue high-waisted trousers with a dark blue short jacket, fairly dripping in gold braid and miniature medals, skimming over his hips and emphasising that trim waist, and doing nothing whatsoever to obscure the view of-Steve’s smile faltered.  “I look stupid, don’t I?” he demanded.  “I knew this was a bad idea.”“No!” Tony managed to blurt out.  “No, not at all.  You look fantastic.”“Oh.”  Steve ducked his head.  The flush creeping up his neck was the exact same shade of red as the stripes on the uniform he clearly wished he was wearing.  It was endearing, and gave Tony back the upper hand.  “Thank you,” Steve murmured.  “You look very nice too.  Very handsome.”The upper hand fled the field in abject surrender.“Well...  Um...  Yes...” Tony stammered.  “We are definitely two handsome, well-dressed specimens, yes.  The ladies will get what they paid for tonight.”“What?”  The flush was washing out of Steve’s face, leaving a sickly pallor behind.  “What ladies?  Have you got a date?”“What?”  Tony’s voice rose precipitously without permission.  “Of course not.  You’re my date.  I mean, I’m going with you.  I mean...”  Oh, my God.  What is *wrong* with you, Stark?  You used to be good at this! “Oh.”  Steve relaxed visibly.  “Okay.  That’s good.  That’s great.  Just us.”“Yes, just us,” Tony agreed fervently.  “I just meant that for ten thousand dollars a plate, the society ladies deserve a bit of eye candy to go with their rubber chicken.”“It’s not very polite to tell your date how much you spent,” Steve said primly.“What?”  Oh, my God.  This is a *minefield*.  And that was a mental image he could really live without.“It implies you have expectations,” Steve said, but the way his mouth was curving up at the corners belied the stern tone.“Oh.  My.  God.  You are screwing with me!”“Maybe a little.”  Steve grinned.  “But only because I’m nervous.  So.  This really is a date then?”“Yes?”Steve’s eyebrow arched eloquently.“Yes!  This really is a date.  I took total advantage of your patriotism and sense of duty, and invited you to a white tie banquet and silent auction in aid of disabled veterans, knowing you’d never say no, when really I just wanted to ogle you in evening dress, and fantasise about seducing you in the limo after!”  Right now would be an awesome time for that heart attack, God, just saying.Steve burst out laughing.  “Well, good.  I’m glad we’ve got that cleared up.  After all the wee small hours you’ve spent staring soulfully into my eyes over a book you’re blatantly not reading, I was beginning to wonder if you’d ever make your move.”“Make my move?” Tony spluttered, glossing over the fact he’d evidently been far less subtle than he’d thought, all those late nights he and Steve had sat up talking in the library.  “You make me sound like a matinee Lothario.”“Well, you do have the facial hair for it,” Steve flung back.  “And you just confessed to some wily chicanery.  I half expect to be tied to the railroad tracks.  And just so you know, there will be no seduction of any kind on a first date.” “Of course not, Miss Rogers,” Tony demurred.  “Wait.  You don’t like the beard?”“I like it fine.  In fact,” Steve smirked, “it kinda makes me want to do this.”He reached out and trailed his fingertips along the edge of the goatee, curving up to skim the moustache.  His pinkie lightly brushed the corner of Tony’s mouth, prompting a whole body shiver.  Damn it.  There was only so much self-control a renowned hedonist could be expected to have.Tony wrapped a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and gently pulled his head down, rising onto his toes so he could meet him half way.  The kiss was gentle, chaste, at first, but not for long, Steve grasping Tony’s face in both hands and pulling him in harder.  Tony licked gently along the seam of Steve’s mouth, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

