Work Text:
It’s a summer afternoon, not particularly different from all the  other afternoons, when it happens. The air is warm and dry, but it’s a  lazy heat that drags through the window and into Peter’s room. It’s  quiet, save for hum of the fan as low backdrop to the diluted, scattered  noises of life outside. Peter misses air conditioning and wonders why  it had to go out in the middle of summer—but that’s just his luck,  apparently.
But it’s not entirely awful, even though his skin is sticky with a  light layer of sweat and his clothes cling to his skin when he tries to  roll over on his bed. Wade’s weight on his stomach doesn’t make it any  better, though, because he’s practically radiating heat and smothering  Peter with it. He’d tell him to get off, but it’s comfortable to just  lay out and do nothing for a change.
The city has been quiet, and even more astoundingly, Wade isn’t  running off to tear down that tentative semblance of calm. Instead, he’s  in the teenager’s bedroom rambling about evil zombie twins and being  called a terrorist by his childhood hero—and maybe that’s why he’s  static for longer than a few minutes; he’s immersed himself in enough  chaos that even the merc with a mouth is ready to just chill.
“It’s really hot,” Peter mentions offhandedly in between the breaks  of Wade’s recanting of his last job. He can practically see the eye roll  behind Wade’s mask and can’t help but wonder how he’s managed to stay  in his suit in this heat so long. (Aside from The No Mask Removal Policy  that has only begun to tentatively break down with the promise of  impromptu make outs. It’s a bit awesome, though, so Peter considers it a  win.)
“You should go inform the weather station of that one, I didn’t think  anyone knew about that until your genius has graced us with the really  fucking obvious,” Wade snorts at him.
“Maybe I will,” Peter huffs back, but can’t help the small curve of a  grin, “I would make an awesome weather man that no one would hate on,  ever.”
“Breaking news, Spider-Man retires to deliver you your weekly shitty  weather while you get mauled by thugs.” He says it in a low voice,  impersonating a stereotypical news anchor and Peter laughs because  Wade’s humor is stupid but so is his.
Peter props himself up on his elbows, Wade still flung over his  stomach, but he shifts to accommodate the change in position. His face  his buried in the fabric of Peter’s black t-shirt, voice slightly  muffled. “Should just take off your clothes.”
“Alright.”
He pushes the larger man off of him enough to tug his shirt over his  head in one fluid motion. It’s something that Peter does just because he  rarely gets moments to throw Wade off guard, even if it means donning a  deep red blush moments after. After a certain amount of time swinging  around the city fighting crime, he’s inevitably developed visible  muscle. He’s still lean, not so lanky and awkward anymore, but he’s  nothing like Wade’s broad shoulders and heavier frame.
Still, his lack of shirt is nothing to scoff at. Peter isn’t embarrassed about his body but more shy towards the concept as a whole. That the older is now staring at him intently, nodding appreciatively and climbing on top of him in a straddle.
“You’re a weird kid,” Wade tells him affectionately and Peter tries  not to pout because that would really defeat the whole purpose of his  argument.
“I’m not a kid.”
The older laughs. “You totally are. But it’s a good thing I misplaced  my morals or else I might have to fight my urges to deflower a minor.”  He lifts up his mask enough to be able to lean in and initiate said  debauchery with a firm kiss.
Peter’s breath hitches under the pressure of his lips. He’s not new  to this, he should be used to the way that kissing Wade clouds any  coherent thought he had before, how it draws a shiver up his spine and  leaves his insides churning with want. But as much as he wants to keep  up and not miss a beat, he still whimpers when Wade sucks on his lower  lip.
There must be a game going on somewhere in Wade’s mind. It’s the game  where he makes Peter gasp and moan unexpectedly, until he’s unravelling  for him, until there’s nothing left of him still together. There’s  hands on hips, a thumb running over his pelvic bone and crawling up his  torso.
And it must be obvious—of course it is, because Wade teases him and the word ‘virgin’ still hangs heavy over his head. It must be like a neon sign to him,  bright and blaring, painfully unattractive. And it makes Peter squirm  under him because he’s a smart kid—guy—but one can only catch on so  quickly.
Peter wants this though. He wants the way that Wade’s hand is warm  against the skin of his stomach and how his tongue licks at the roof of  his mouth. Swallowing dryly, he leans forward and tugs Wade closer,  hands on either side of his jaw because maybe he’s a little eager but  Wade isn’t complaining—for as much as one can with their tongue in  someone’s mouth—as they practically mesh together
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
First Time
Fluff
Underage Sex
Jailbait!Peter
Loss of Virginity

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

