Chapter 1: Carry on my wayward son
    




Chapter Text
 'I have thought of a wonderful present for you...shall I give you despair?' ~Sephiroth (Advent Children)   
 Loki sat quietly in his cell, the muzzle still fitted tightly on his mouth. He could feel the strap pulling his hair and he knew that there would be a great deal missing. Growling to himself, he curled up into one of the darker corners. The guards would be by shortly with Thor to feed him and he would rather not be seen. 

 It wasn’t long before he heard the tramp of boots making their way to his cell. Even when Thor came for his meals, there was never any light in the cell, and the Trickster rarely left his corner. Which meant the dull witted Thunder god has not noticed the mess his brother (not) is. 

 “Loki, come brother, it is time for your midday meal.”

 Loki shifted just enough for Thor to see that he was awake, but did not leave the corner. As the older man entered, the muzzle left Loki’s face. “Come now, Loki,” Thor said sadly, “Are you still going to sit in that corner?”

 The Trickster did not answer. He gestured with his hand for his plate. Sighing, Thor slid it to him and watched it disappear into the corner. “The healers are going to come today,” he said, “Father wants to see you at the last meal of the night, in our private dining hall.”

 Loki stiffened and threw the plate away from him. The food spilled across the floor, landing near Thor’s feet. “Loki!”

 The dark haired demi god lurched out of the corner and stared at the taller man. “Why?” he rasped, “Why would he bother with me after tossing me down here?”

 He laughed and looked at his hands. The long fingers were dirty and one looked to be broken. Finger nails were missing, as if torn out. Thor gasped at the state his brother was in. “Loki, what happened?”

  Loki laughed and shook his head. “Ohhhh, I don’t know, ask the guards,” he hissed, “Or, perhaps you knew and want to play the loving brother, come to save me.... tell me, how is Jane, does she scream like I used to?”

 Thor glared at his brother. “Loki, come now, that was ages ago,” he said.

 Loki smirked. “What, does that mean all of it meant nothing to you, did you not love me?” he asked calmly, “That having your little brother writhing underneath you was simply a way to prevent a bunch of little Thor’s from running around?”

 Thor closed his eyes. “I will bring the healers in,” he said, standing. 

 Loki began to laugh, but it was cut off once Thor left the cell and his gag was back on. 
 
 Thor hurried to his father’s room. “Father, there is something wrong with Loki,” he said.

 Odin looked up from his papers and frowned. “What is that, my son?”

 “His hands, a few of the fingers look to be broken, they are bloody and cut up,” Thor said, “They are also incredibly thin, more than normal.”

 Nodding, Odin stood and called for the healers. “I will see this for myself,” he said, and gestured for Thor to lead the way.

 The dungeon was dirty and dark. Odin avoided the walls as he walked down, but, did not fail to notice the fear on guards faces. He filed that away for later and stopped in front of Loki’s cell. The door opened and the gag appeared in Thor’s hand. “Loki?”

 A soft laugh was heard. “So, Thor, went to get your father, for what?”

 Odin sighed and walked in, the entire cell lighting up. Loki flinched back into the corner, not used to the light. Odin’s eye narrowed when he saw his son. “Thor, get him out of here,” he said, “and bring me the guards that were in charge of him, NOW!”

 Thor lifted Loki, who struggled weakly. “Brother, have you been eating?” he asked.

 “Of course not,” Loki said calmly, “The food was poisoned, I would like to live a little longer, to make your life a living Hel.”

 Thor frowned and looked at his father. Odin nodded and gestured for Thor to lead the way. Carrying his brother through the palace, Thor glared at anyone who stared a little to long. Loki had his head on Thor’s chest. He didn’t really have the energy to do much else. The healers met them at the door and ushered Thor to one of the beds. “Lay him down, one of the attendants has gone to fetch supplies.”

 Loki kept his eyes closed against the light and turned his head to one side. “Why bother, Thor?” he asked, laughing, “I am just going to be executed anyway.”

 “Father is not going to execute you,” Thor said, sternly, “We have decided your punishment for here and Midgard.”

 Loki continued to laugh, even as the healers began to remove his prison clothes. Thor began to see red as the bruises littering his brother’s skin were revealed. “Document this,” he said, “I am going to speak with the All Father.”

 The healers looked nervous about being left with the fallen prince, but Thor had already left. Two guards took his place and they continued to work.
 
 “Father!” Thor called, hurrying to meet up with the older god, “He looks terrible, he shouldn’t be in this state!”

 Odin nodded. “I will see to him,” he said, “When L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Thor/Loki past

freeform: 
Feels
odd dom/sub
Loki is a bit nuts
Then again
so is Tony
Odin is trying to be a good daddy
This will end up a series.
Jealousy
There are some assholes here somewhere

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Thor/Loki past

