Work Text:
Tony wakes up to an annoying beeping sound – heart monitor.
Once he identifies the sound, he freezes, assessing the situation. Heart monitor meant hospital, but nothing in his recent memory indicated that he should have need to be in the hospital. The last thing he remembered was coming home a day before the start school again. He hadn't been doing anything dangerous. He hadn't been sick when he left the Manor, he hadn't pulled any dangerous stunts, he hadn't even been anywhere near Howard's lab. Did something happen at school and he didn't remember?
Possibly.
He opens his eyes to assess the situation farther and almost sends himself into a panic attack. His body... is a lot bigger than he remembers, with a glowing piece of machinery in his chest. Moving the covers out of the way, he takes a good look at himself. Alright, so his last memory was when he was eleven. He looks to be in his thirties now. His body feels fine except for a massive headache, so that excludes the possibility of a coma. Although the chest addition disturbed him more than a little.
Likelihood of a concussion and amnesia – probably.
He looks around the room for more clues when someone walks in and Tony freezes again. The man is obviously a scientist, but... he squints to get a better look at him and promptly groans. Headache. Right. The ideal thing would be to get some more painkillers, but Tony has always hated those. They make his brain feel funny.
The scientist looks up sharply from the chart he had been reading when he hears Tony. “Tony,” relief colors his voice, “you're awake. Thank god. How do you feel?”
“ Headache, ” Tony complains, noting the familiar tone the man uses. He obviously knows him.
“What?” he asks.
What? Do these people not... wait... “ I'm not speaking English am I? No, obvious, don't answer that  ” he pauses and takes a deep breath, “  how about, no, alright so apparently English isn't going to work right now. And you don't know French. Awesome. ”
“Umm, I'm going to assume you can't speak English right now.”
Tony nods.
“Right. So, how do you feel?”
Tony taps his head and grimaces.
“Headache?”
Nod.
“Makes sense. Is it bad enough to need painkillers?”
He shakes his head. Interesting, obviously a close friend to ask that question. Tony doesn't tell many people about his dislike of painkillers.
“Alright. Well you definitely have a concussion. That's expected from the nose dive you took into the building in the fight. Steve is waiting to chew you out for that, by the way. But other than that you seem fine, excluding the various bruising. The rest of the team will be here shortly.” He sits down in the chair heavily. “Thank god,” he repeats.
Tony looks at him questioningly.
“You've been unconscious for two weeks.”
Okay, so coma, but not long enough to go from eleven to thirty something – same difference.
“We've been a little tense since the battle. You should probably get some more sleep before they get here.”
Tony nods and closes his eye, pretending to follow the advice. But internally he is trying to keep a panic attack at bay. What is going on? Fight? Nose dive into a building? Team? He needs more data. He desperately needs more data before he starts to hyperventilate.
He can't calm himself down even though he should, he should, he has more control than this, emotions are useless, control should be easy, he's done it before, but he needs data, needs to know what is going on, doesn't know these people, doesn't want them, he wants... oh god, all he wants is his brother right now, but he can't have him, can't, secret, never tell, important, not a child, shouldn't need him, oh god My–
“Tony?”
Tony jerks away at the touch.
“Are you alright?” asks the scientist, doctor too, he was looking at Tony's chart earlier, friend, but Tony doesn't  know  him and he doesn't  want  him and–
Tony moves away from him. “ Don't touch me, ” he snarls.
“Okay, Tony, it's okay. Is it your head?”
Tony shakes it and regrets the movement, but he has to get his point across, doesn't want any contact and–
And right then more people walk in – four in total – this team the scientist/doctor/something else had mentioned obviously . Tony's eye snap to them, taking them all in. Three males, one female.
The female is Russian, assassin, no, no longer assassin, but trained, raised assassin and now a fighter – agent? – guns and knives on her, sharp, observant.
The male beside her – close, partners, may or may not be romantically involved, but close – also agent? – same line of work, callouses on hand – bow as weapon, sharp eyes, also observant.
The large blonde male, tall, muscular, hammer as weapon, odd ruins, not native, not from here – odd very odd and... no, yes, no, yes, yes... alien, possibly – need more data, acts dumber than is, but still confused regularly.
The other blonde male also tall, muscular, not from here and... god fucking damn it Captain America – how is he alive, it has to be him, not a substitute, how is he  alive  ? What is goi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Sherlock Holmes & Tony Stark
Mycroft Holmes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
The Other Holmes - Freeform
Crossover
Amnesia
Amnesiac Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Mycroft is a Good Bro
And So is Sherlock
John is just along for the ride
Tony Speaks French
Along with various other characters
Don't copy to another site
Clint Barton is so Done

fandom: 
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Sherlock Holmes & Tony Stark
Mycroft Holmes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

