Work Text:
“Incoming call, sir.”Tony considered replying to that, but it would require lifting his mouth from his coffee. It wasn’t Steve, or Rhodey, and it wasn’t SHIELD, because Jarvis would’ve mentioned them by name.And Pepper, he would’ve just put through without any warning, because he knew better than to let Tony screen that call.“Sir?”Tony raised one hand, his middle finger extended in a universal sign of ‘just a second, and go to hell while you wait.’ He drained his coffee with a sigh. “Okay,” he said, dropping the cup onto his workbench. “Who the fuck is calling me at two am?”“Dad?”Tony blinked. He looked at the empty coffee cup. Then he leaned back on his chair, tilting his head towards Dummy’s empty charging bay. Then he sat back up. “DJ?” he responded, because his bot turned child seemed to be waiting for some sort of reply. “What, is the elevator broken? The intercom not working? Can you not locate me in the vast space that is the workshop where we spend the majority of our lives? Because I’d think you could do that, if you wanted to. Steve’s been bitching about the mess, but we both know whose fault that is.”“Yours.”“I’m sorry, it’s your job to clean up around here.”“I quit.”Grinning, Tony rubbed a hand over his face. “Deej, baby?”“Yes?”“Why are you calling me?”There was a moment of silence. “I kind of need you to come get me.”Tony stilled, his fingers pressing hard on his eyelids. “Deej.”“Yes?”“Where are you?”Another pause.  Then, sadly, “Connecticut.”Tony’s face scrunched up as he struggled to find words. After a long moment of silence, he managed, “Connecticut.”“Connecticut,” DJ agreed. He sounded resigned.Tony’s head fell forward.  “Why are you in Connecticut, Deej? At two am on a Tuesday, why are you-” He stopped, and took a deep breath.  “Lucy.”“Lucy,” DJ agreed.“Right.” Tony stood up. “I’m going to bed.”“Daaaaaaaaaaaaaad.”“Yeah, that? That was a whine right there, that was uncalled for and you know what? You do not get to whine right now. You took the armor out, didn’t you?” Tony’s eyes canted up towards the ceiling. “Despite the protocols I have in place to avoid just such an occurrence.”“Yes,” DJ said.“Jarvis, want to tell me how that’s possible?”“Uncertain, sir,” Jarvis said. He sounded confused, as if things were happening that were beyond him. It would have been more effective if he hadn’t been directly channeling Tony trying to pull the same con.“Yeah, I’m sure you have no idea what could have happened,” Tony said. He headed for the armor case, because he was an idiot, he was absolutely an idiot and this parenting thing was not for him, nope, and now that he was thinking about that, it brought up another good point. “We’re both damn lucky that Steve is in the back end of nowhere right now, kid, because he would kill me and give you such a disapproving look right now.”“But he is,” DJ pointed out. “So I had to call you.”“Why? Did you crash?” The spike of panic was unreasonable, illogical, and so overwhelming that he staggered under it. “Deej, are you hurt, what’s wrong, where are you, did the suit malfunction did you-”“Her parents say that if one of my parents doesn’t come to get me, they’re going to call the cops.”Tony stopped, relief swamping him. It was immediately followed by a sinking sensation. “You got caught.”“Kinda.”Tony slapped a hand against his face, hard enough to hurt, because this was karma, this was absolutely karma and he fucking hated karma, because karma absolutely had it out for him. He was fairly certain that was his own fault, and he hated that, too. “Deej, please tell me you had your pants on.”There was a long moment of silence. “We were STUDYING,” DJ said, disapproval soaking the words.“Which doesn’t give me any idea about the state of your damn pants, so drop the attitude.”“Yes, we had pants on.  There are rules.  Pants based rules,” DJ said. He paused. “Are you coming to get me?”“Yes,” Tony said, almost before DJ finished the words.  “You know I'm coming to get you.  You know that you could call me from halfway around the world and tell me you broke the 'no pants’ rule and I would come get you.  No questions asked.” He snagged a helmet.  “Right?”“Right,” DJ agreed.  His voice dropped to a very faint pitch.  “They’re kind of mad at me.”“Yeah, well, I am too, they were supposed to meet Steve first because people LIKE Steve, remember?  If and when your girlfriend’s parents found out about us, we were going to send Steve with a fucking cheesecake and that reassuring smile of his, the one that clearly telegraphs that we can be trusted around their daughter, that this is something they should allow.”“Sorry.”“Yeah, me, too.” Tony shook his head. “I love you, you’re a pain in the ass, Jarvis, you’re fired, and everyone is grounded. Including me, when Steve finds out about this.”“I love you, too.  Please hurry.”“Working on it, bot for brains.”*“This is not my fault.”Lucy resisted the urge to throw something.  Preferably at her sister's head.  “Really,” she said, her 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Family Drama
Teenage dating
parenting a teenager is very hard

fandom: 
None
