Chapter 1: A Touch of Asguard
    




Chapter Text

“Darcy, what the hell is this?”
The young woman looked up from her seat at the kitchen table, squinting at the arm that had been thrust into her face. Without her glasses it looked like a long smudge of grease, but if she narrowed her eyed down to practically nothing, the mark came into focus. “A tattoo?” she offered. “I admire your dedication to the Thunder God and all, but there are about a million cooler tatt ideas you could have come up with. Seriously, even a little Mew-Mew would have been better.”“It’s not a tattoo,” Jane insisted, rubbing her hand over the long looping line marring her skin. “It wasn’t there yesterday.”“Strange rashes in unexpected places,” Darcy observed. “Perhaps you and your alien stud muffin need to have a talk about intergalactic STDs.”“That is not funny.”“Yeah, it is,” she grinned and hurried from the table with her coffee before Jane could find an appropriate retort. She found her way back to her room, happily chillaxing in her jim-jams for the first slow morning in ages. Despite the ass-numbing boredom involved in the majority of Jane’s work, the astrophysicist kept hours that would make an army drill sergeant cringe. The rare morning off was a luxury Darcy Lewis intended to utilize to the fullest.She stretched and threw her arms out, falling back onto the bed and smiling lazily up at the ceiling, knowing there was nothing she needed to do. The world was safe. Jane was happy, save her weird new rash, and Darcy could just do nothing.She rolled over, reaching for her phone so she could snap a shot of her sweet cupcake jammie pants and Cookie Monster slippers, but froze before she even touched her cell.“JANE!” she screamed.“What? What is it?” her boss and friend hurried into the room, cricket bat held above her head and eyes darting around the room for some intruder to attack.“Your rash is spreading!”She pulled her sleeve up to her elbow and thrust her arm at Jane as she had done to her not five minutes earlier. A long dark line looped across her pale skin forming words that ran the length of her forearm just as Jane’s did, though the words were far different.“’Access code NOW’,” Jane read, dumbfounded. “That’s even worse than ‘You, what realm is this’.”Darcy opened her mouth to speak, but never got the chance. Thor, in all his Asgardian glory, burst into her room, Mew-Mew in hand and electricity crackling around him. “I heard your cry, Darcy! Tell me who troubles you!”“This troubles me!” she insisted, showing him her arm.The man’s face went from thunderous to joyous in a heartbeat. “Ah, you have grown your mark.”“My what now?”“Your soulmark,” he said, smiling. That brilliant smile fell as he looked between the two women, noting their confusion and horror. “Do you not have them on your world?”“No, I can’t say that we do,” Jane replied. She held her own mark out for him to see. His smile returned, brighter than before.“You see, this is proof that you are the one and only mate to my soul,” he pulled at his sleeve, revealing the mark on his own arm. “Mine arose last night.”“’Do me a favor, don’t be dead’,” Jane read the words dumbly. “Isn’t that…”“The first words spoken by you to me,” he finished for her. “That is the mark all Asgardians bear; the first words spoken to them by their destined match. Your words will be the first I ever spoke to you.”“That’s totally what he said,” Darcy agreed, pointing to her friend’s arm.“What does your mark read, Darcy?” he questioned. “Perhaps the words have already been spoken.”“I can’t say I’ve noticed anyone shouting ‘Access code NOW’ at me recently,” she disagreed. “And why did this thing show up now?”“Perhaps because of my intention to remain in residence on your world,” Thor speculated. “In opening this world to my powers, I have brought with me some of Asgard’s magic.”Jane shook her head, ever the scientist. “That makes no sense. You were here before.”“Banished and without my powers,” he countered. “And temporarily in my pursuit of Loki. Now I am here to stay, Jane. All that I am is yours, my soul and heart and powers belong to you. Such a bond is strong on my world and has been known to result in powerful repercussions.”“But why this?” she demanded.“Were my mother still alive, I would ask her. It was Frigga who created the soulmark on Asgard – an elegant means of removing all doubt that she and my father were destined for one another,” he explained, sadness coloring his smile.Jane cooed and pulled Thor from the room to comfort the man, leaving Darcy to glare at the marks on her arm. A scalding shower and overly enthusiastic exfoliating did nothing to dull the writing on her skin. She had hopes it might wash off as easily as the memos she jotted on her wrist when the sticky notes were hiding under a mountain of coffee cups and old spreadsheets, but, no, the black letters still scrawled across her arm as permanent and unwanted as the remnants of a drunken night out that ended in a seedy tat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
soulmark
soulmate
fighting destiny

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

