Chapter 1: The First Day
    




Chapter Text
Ten, fifteen, twenty years from now, when he’s got an office that overlooks the park instead of the parking lot, Assistant District Attorney Clint Barton will remember the following things about his very first day of work: 

Thing 1

“You do realize you are speaking to the Chief Assistant District Attorney, don’t you?” Maria Hill demands.  Her hands are on her hips, crinkling her navy suit.  When the guy doesn’t respond—a guy who’d been waiting in the lobby when Clint got there, a guy who’s decided a pair of sagging jeans with a ripped white wife-beater is a good outfit for coming to the district attorney’s office—she leans forward.  She’s tall and he’s slouching, so she looms over him.The guy smacks his lips.  “So?”“So?  So?  You do realize that whoever you’re here to speak to answers to me, yes?”  The guy rolls his eyes.  Either he doesn’t realize Hill’s about to tear him to pieces, or he doesn’t care.  “So, whoever you sit down with and start to talk to about your probation, or your suspended sentence, or your immunity—”The guy’s face, that mask of perfect asshole confidence, it slips at that.“—they have to get my approval.”  Her expression darkens.  “And I can say no.”The guy swallows.  Clint knows he’s an asshole, but he kinda curls his own fingers around the strap of his bag, just outta—respect, maybe.  Whether it’s respect for Hill’s speech or the fear he feels in his belly on behalf of this jerk, he’s not sure.  “Do we have an understanding?” “Yeah.”“Good.”  Hill straightens up, smoothes the sides of her skirt, and turns around.  When she smiles at Clint, it’s like she hasn’t just cornered a guy enough that he’s slunk down in his chair like a scolded puppy.  It’s not a friendly smile, not all the way, but it’s a hell of a lot more cordial than what’d just happened.  “Sorry about that, Mr. Barton,” she says.Clint, he—tries to force a little smile, too.  “No problem.” 

Thing 2

“We’re really happy to have you on board, Barton,” Steve Rogers says.  He’s shaking Clint’s hand, and he’s got one of the strongest grips Clint’s ever come up against.  He almost wants to cringe, just from the sheer force of it.  “District Attorney Fury passed your writing sample around.  Really proves we picked the right man for the job.”“Steve,” Hill explains, flipping through a file somebody handed her in the hallway, “is our charging attorney.”“And the occasional misdemeanor, if everyone else is tapped out.”  Rogers rests his hands on his hips.  He’s wearing one of those horrible blue-and-white checked shirts that grandparents usually wear, along with a bright red tie and a pair of beige pants.  Clint really hopes his wife leaves before him in the morning, because otherwise . . .  “You need anything, you let me know.”“Thanks,” Clint says.  Steve’s office is small—not as small as his, but still small enough that the desk’s the focal point of the room.  Or, at least, it should be.  Problem is, the whole thing’s plastered with taped-up crayon, marker, and finger paint scribbles.  So is the file cabinet and, from the looks of it, the wall behind the coat rack.  “Your—kid?” he guesses.Behind him, Hill mutters something that sounds a lot like here we go.Rogers beams.  “Dorothea, but we call her Dot,” he says.  He reaches to turn the computer monitor toward the door.  The background’s a picture of a little girl who’s just coming out of her toddler years.  She’s sitting on the top of a slide, and god, she’s her daddy’s daughter, alright.  You can see the Rogers in her for a mile.  “Actually, Tony should be sending out the invitations for her party pretty soon.  Everybody comes.”Clint doesn’t know who Tony is.  “Okay.”“Really,” Steve assures him.  “Even Phil comes.”Hill flips another page in the file.  “Never comes to anybody else’s parties,” she grumbles.Rogers ignores her.  “Seriously.  It’s a chance to meet everybody without the suits.”  He pauses, though, and frowns.  “Well, except Tony.  He might still wear a suit.  It’s—complicated.”The phone rings, then, and Rogers apologizes before he takes the call.  Halfway down the hallway to their next stop, Hill comments, “You should actually come.  If nothing else, you’ll like Bucky.”“Bucky?” “Steve’s husband,” she replies—and Clint nearly bowls over a file clerk. 

Thing 3

“Pepper!  Pepper!”Clint’s pretty sure that Tony Stark’s suit, which is gray with just the faintest lavender pinstripe, cost more than his first car.  It’s a color combination almost no man alive could pull off, especially not since his tie is shiny, but on Stark, it looks—Natural.The way he’s cupping his hands around his mouth and shouting, not so much.Hill sighs and finishes typing an e-mail on her Blackberry.  “You can’t keep this up for—”“Pepper!”“—ever.”“Excuse me,” someone else says, and Clint’s lightly nudged out of the doorway by a very pretty redhead in a crisp black dress.  Her hair’s pulled back into one of those fancy twists, too, and he almost wants to admi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor Odinson (background)
Natasha Romanoff/Pepper Potts (background)
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Legal Drama

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor Odinson (background)
Natasha Romanoff/Pepper Potts (background)
Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes (background)

