Work Text:


.1.
Tony Stark had already decided that S.H.I.E.L.D. owed him like... one million vacation days. He was getting to the point where he was willing to entertain the possibility of cloning himself, even with the potential risk of winding up with an evil one, just so he could get some sleep. Between thwarting the Makluan invasion, getting the S.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarrier out of darkspace, getting outed as Iron Man, and getting all but molested by the paparazzi, Tony hadn't slept more than three hours in almost two months. He knew he got like this sometimes - that was just the price of overwhelming genius - but he was exhausted. Even his Extremis-granted near-superhuman endurance was starting to flag.He and dad had actually, finally, made it home to the penthouse condo they hadn't actually lived in in over two years, since before the airplane accident that had left Tony's heart damaged and his dad kidnapped. The Rhodes' had been Tony's home for those two years, and even Howard had seemed to prefer that in the weeks he spent fighting Justin Hammer for control of Stark International."We need a vacation."His dad arched an eyebrow at him. "What? Saving the world tire you out, Anthony?" But his dad was just as tired, Tony could see it. The lines around his face and eyes were etched far deeper than even just a few months ago, his hair was flecked with far more grey, and he just... looked old. It terrified Tony; his dad was hardly an old man, as much as Tony liked to rag on him. His dad was barely into his fifties, but now he looked older.Tony stuck his tongue out, in spite of his nerves. "You totally helped save the world, too, dad. Stark International-slash-Solutions needs a holiday.""Alright, son. I'll take some time off if you do." Neither one of them were much for actually taking vacation days. Growing up, a 'vacation' had usually meant a trip to a foreign country to meet with engineers, or to investigate some new piece of technology or one of his father's more old school interests in archeology or art. The offer only meant that his dad knew his weakness - he wasn't really going to be able to talk himself into taking that much time away from his labs. "How about you and Pepper go to the beach before you have to start at college.""Whoa, just me and Pepper?" Because Pepper was great and all, but Tony usually relied on having Rhodey around to help him with the unending Pepper-chatter. Plus, without him he wasn't sure what he and Pepper were supposed to do, especially on a beach. "Should probably invite Rhodey along, too, then."His father opened his mouth, and then closed it again, before he turned back to the oven, pulled their dinners out, and set them on the breakfast bar to cool. That was one thing he definitely missed about living with the Rhodes: home cooked meals."Check it out," Tony said, dragging the prototype he'd been working on yesterday over to the bar. "Ultra-thin, portable, interactive touch screen securely interfaced with the Stark Solutions mainframe. Now I can work from anywhere! And there's no processor power limitations, it's strictly a dummy terminal.""I'm beginning to think Starks just don't understand the meaning of the word 'vacation'," his dad answered, putting forks and knives down and joining Tony at the breakfast bar. "Anthony."Tony looked towards his dad, but continued to also poke at the screen, so he was slightly surprised when his dad took it and set it down behind him. It was far enough away that Tony would have had to uplink with Extremis to use it, which was a bit distracting if dad was going to try to talk to him."Tony, son. The whole point of... the reason I had my will written to have you go live with Roberta and James, the reason I wanted you to go to high school, and now college, is so you don't let life pass you by." His dad looked so serious, and so sad."I get it," Tony answered, and he did, even if it had been hard to live with at the time. "It didn't really work out that way, but I did get to make new friends, meet Pepper and reconnect with Whitney before... stuff got in the way. I had a life in between fighting to make sure your legacy didn't turn into a weapon manufacturing juggernaut and trying to stop ancient technological world domination. I have a life, I have Iron Man, I have Stark Solutions, and I have my friends."His dad's face said that he thought Tony was completely missing the point. "Your life was never going to be normal, Tony. I suppose I thought you would jump at the opportunity to take some time off, just you and Pepper."Just because he was a genius didn't mean Tony couldn't occasionally be a bit slow on the uptake about some things. "Ohhhhhh. No, no, see... Pepper and I are friends, friends who dress up in high-tech super armor and save the world from destruction from time to time, but friends. She saves me when I'm going to get splattered against a wall, I save her when she's falling down from being smashed by a Makluan champion, we have a mutual w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Developing Relationship
Coming Out
Alternate Universe - Canon
Pre-Slash
Fluff
Romance
Medical
Canon Compliant

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

