Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The last five cops who tried to infiltrate Alexander Pierce’s establishment were all found dead.
Two in the Hudson river, and the other three in back-alleys around the city. They’d all been beaten to death. No real effort had been made to hide evidence on the bodies - even the two in the river had been dumped in the shallows, where they would soon be found - and the FBI had known exactly what that meant: they were supposed to find them. Pierce knew that the men had been cops, and he was sending them a message.
Nobody knew how he found out.
-
‘Me?’ Steve stares at Coulson. ‘Are you sure?’
It should be one of the others. Clint, who can walk into any room and fit in - or Natasha, who can slip into a new persona the way other people put on a coat. But Coulson’s giving him that look - the one that says stop avoiding the point - and all he can do is stare at his boss, wide-eyed.
‘We’re all that’s left,’ Coulson replies, voice deceptively mild. ‘Apparently it’s literally impossible to find a branch of the FBI or NYPD which doesn’t have someone in Pierce’s pocket. SHIELD needs to act.’
‘That doesn’t explain why it’s me.’ Steve isn’t usually this argumentative, but desperate times call for desperate measures. ‘It should be Natasha, surely. Or Clint.’
Coulson sighs, leans back in his chair. ‘Five cops have tried, Steve. Two were pretending to be customers. Two tried to go in as slave stock.’ Steve blanches at the idea, but Coulson’s expression doesn’t change. ‘One tried to go in as a bartender. All of them were discovered.’
‘A mole?’
‘Maybe. All we know is, we need to try something new. The only position left is security guard - and they’re looking for someone now. We have our ‘in’, through a guy who knows a guy, and we have to make our move.’
‘But - ’
Coulson cuts him off. ‘Pierce is an old guard misogynist - he’ll never hire Natasha.’ He’s leaning forward now, and under his intent gaze Steve feels like a mouse transfixed by an owl. ‘Clint looks exactly like the kind of guy we would send. You, on the other hand...’
‘...Look like a cop.’ Is it madness, or genius? Steve can’t work it out. ‘You mean, it’s a double-bluff? Send them someone who looks just what they think a cop would look like?’
‘You’ll present as ex-military - which you are, so it shouldn’t be a stretch. We’ve got a fake profile all lined up: Jake Robins, honourably discharged after serving two tours. A few fake tattoos and you’re ready to go.’ Coulson slides a file over the desk and Steve leafs through it, reading the records of the man he will become for the next few months. ‘And - Steve,’ he looks up to see Coulson’s expression change: he’s closer to showing emotion than he’s ever been before. ‘With Natasha out of the running, there’s nobody I trust to fight his way out of a corner better than you. You can come back to us.’
Steve wants to do something, say something, to let Coulson know how much this rare praise means to him. In the end he settles on: ‘Thank you, sir,’ and ducks his head.
‘I mean it.’ There’s a small pause, a slight warming of the older man’s expression, and he moves on: ‘So, your duties.’ Steve looks up. ‘One - Pierce has shrugged off every charge anyone has ever tried to bring against him. If you find anything - anything - that can be used as evidence, including people willing to testify, bring it to us.’
Coulson settles back again, mouth set in a thin line. ‘The second job is less vague, and more important. We know Pierce is working to smuggle a convicted terrorist, Dr Arnim Zola, out of prison. We know he plans to bring him here, to New York. What we don’t know is where.
‘Find him, and we’ve got Pierce.’
Steve nods, a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Attempt to work for a man who’s killed five cops in three years. Go undercover in the seediest building in the city. Find a criminal in a city full of criminals.
Simple.
-
Pierce’s base is a hotel and club, the Milestone. It’s a huge old building, really beautiful, and the police have been trying to get in since Pierce first bought it. A few managed to get in, but those who weren’t bribed to turn their coats were frozen out when something changed, three years ago, and cops became distinctly unwelcome.
Steve steps through the doors with not a little apprehension, doing his best to look as if he’s completely at ease in the place. The foyer is elegantly done up, a small, intimate space with a concierge desk set before two pairs of doors.
It’s deserted. Steve approaches the left hand set of doors, but as soon as he reaches for them, it happens, and he has to stop. He traces the edge of the curved metal handles once, twice, three times. That seems to be enough, but then he needs to do the other door as well, and he bites the inside of his mouth until he can taste blood. No, no, not here…
‘Looking for someone?’
It startles him out of the loop, and Steve gives an undignified yelp before he turns, looking straight into a pair of blue eyes.
The kid is gorge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
PTSD
OCD
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Child Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Suicide

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

