Work Text:

“See, now that’s cute,” a voice says, somewhere distant in the room. “That’s the cutest damn thing I’ve ever seen. Can I take a picture?”
An annoyed grunt. Something shifts beneath his head. “No. And be quiet. Bad enough you woke me up.”
“Hey, man, I just want to know where the coffee is. You don’t have to come with me.”

“‘M not leaving you in my kitchen unsupervised. You drink out of the carton.”
“In my own place, yeah—”
“Shhh. Hey, Buck?” A touch, light but lingering, ghosting along the curve of his shoulder. “You wanna let go of me?”

Arms tightening, face turning to press back into warmth. Emphatically no.

“Oh, damn,” says the first voice. “I take it back. I take it all back, that, that right there was so fucking cute I need insulin.”

“C’mon,” the second says, cajoling. “I’m gonna be right downstairs—”

“Yeah, Barnes, let him go before we all drop into a diabetic coma.”

“Please? I promise I’ll be right back,” and the warmth starts to ease away again. No.

“He doesn’t believe you.”

“I can see that, thanks. You wanna give me a hand here?”

“No way. If we play tug of war with the Winter Soldier, somebody’s going to lose an arm. And it’ll probably be me.”

A sigh. “Thanks a lot. Bucky, just— please, let me—”

“Wait, wait, I’ve got my phone, stay just like that—”

“Damn it, Sam— oh, thank God. See, that wasn’t so bad, right?”

“Aw, I didn’t get my picture.”

“Oh, can it.” The warmth is gone but the touch is there, brushing hair back from his face. “Come downstairs when you get up, okay, Buck?”

“Look at that fucking murderface. We need to get him a teddy bear or something.”

“God, if he feels half as bad as I do, it’s no wonder. Those Temperance League gals had the right idea.”

“Well, let me put it this way— if I drank what you did, I’d be halfway to Arlington in a pine box by now. You’re getting off easy.”
The door closes with a soft click, and Bucky jerks awake in an empty bed, fingers clenched in the pillow under his head.He doesn’t move for a long, confused moment, blinking groggily at the opposite wall where bars of sunlight lance across the dresser and mirror. The room is quiet, just a whisper of sound from the central air, and the still-made sheets are soft under his body.The room seems deserted, though he could have sworn someone was there a moment ago. The tail end of a dream, maybe. He doesn’t remember words, or faces— just the rapidly-dissipating feeling he was just talking to someone, had something important to say, and they wouldn’t fucking listen to him.“Steve?” he says out loud, because that sounds like their kind of conversation. His voice comes out on a rusty croak and he’s abruptly aware of how uncomfortable he is, his boots gone but his clothes all on, the still-buttoned waist of his jeans digging painfully into his stomach. Piled onto that is a truly vengeful headache threatening pry his skull open like a C-Ration can of beans. There’s a bottle of water going tepid on the sheets next to his face, and he grabs for it gratefully because sweet Jesus Christ his mouth is dry. “Fuck,” he rasps, once he’s downed it all. “Steve?”There’s another bottle of water on the nightstand, upright and half-empty. Bucky’s curled on the leftmost side of the bed, but the comforter is rucked up next to him, too, and when he reaches out they’re faintly warm. He lets his hand rest for a moment in the indent where another body might have been, and looks back at the door, listening to the murmur of far-off voices and the creak of floorboards under footsteps.Then he groans and rolls off the bed, because he’s never had to piss so badly in his goddamn life.When he shoulders the bathroom door open, Barton is asleep and shirtless in the partially-filled bathtub, an empty bottle of whiskey bobbing around his knees. He’s still wearing his party hat from the night before and there’s wet confetti stuck to his bare torso. Bucky glares down at him for a moment, then yanks the shower curtain closed and uses the toilet anyway. He’s washing his hands when a there’s a “Hrrngh,” from behind the striped fabric, followed by, “Fuck, what?”Bucky looks over, and the curtain lifts to reveal Barton’s pale face. He looks accusingly at the flushing toilet and then at Bucky, whiskey bottle clutched to his chest like a child’s pacifier. “You’re fucking disgusting, you know that, Barnes?”“Who passed out in whose bathroom, here?” Bucky says, and Christ, he sounds like he’s been chewing glass. He leans over to offer Barton a hand up anyway.The man ignores him and uses the towel bar, staggering out of the tub. “Fucking. Disgusting,” he grumbles, scratching over his stomach in two circles. When he’s tired, he signs along with what he’s saying. “Wait, why are my pants wet?”Bucky shrugs and cups his hands under the faucet, making sure it’s lukewarm before he splashes it on his face. The water feels deadened and strange on his left hand, like cool silk. “What’s the handle for it now? T-M-fuckin’-I, pal.”Barton flips him off and jerk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pranks and Practical Jokes
Domestic Avengers
Wedding Planning
Weddings
Pining
Misunderstandings
Angst
Memory Loss
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
stevebuckyspringfling
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

