Work Text:
Fury values loyalty highly, but he never relies on it alone. As Coulson has moved up through the ranks at SHIELD and the layers of lies and manipulation have been peeled back to reveal the true depth to which Fury has sunk his influence into the governments of the world, Coulson has seen the same techniques applied to every member of SHIELD who has any true value.Coulson is sharply aware that his own value has been outgrowing the security of Fury's grip on him. He brought Coulson into SHIELD with the shared conviction that most people couldn't be trusted to take care of themselves and needed a firm hand on the reins, and he'd presented thorough and irrefutable evidence that Coulson had murdered three of his commanding officers (incompetent, all of them) as his guarantee of Coulson's allegiance. But it's been too long and Coulson knows too much for blackmail to suffice much longer. Fury will either go looking for a new guarantee, or he'll eliminate Coulson.Coulson keeps an eye out for the elimination, but he doesn't worry about the guarantee. Fury doesn't trust loyalty, but he has Coulson's regardless. SHIELD is extraordinarily effective at making humanity dance to Fury's tune, far more effective than Coulson had hoped. Whatever hook Fury wants to plant in him to keep him close, Coulson will take it.When it comes, Coulson doesn't actually recognize it for what it is until it's already set. *"The election results from Mexico are in." Coulson flips to the next page in the weekly report he's prepared for Fury. He'll hand it over when he's done, of course, but Fury likes verbal summaries. Some of the other agents think it's a quirk; Coulson knows that Fury is getting a read on him as much as on the situations he's reporting on. "It was close, but the extra ballots put our candidate over the top. We're in."Fury is leaning back in his chair, feet propped up on the conference table. "I don't like that we had to go there. The misinformation campaign should have been enough. Who was managing that?"Coulson doesn't have to check his notes. "Agent Green.""If he has conflicts of interest, resolve them," Fury directs. "What's next?"Well, Green has always been expendable. "Research and Development has hit a roadblock with the performance enhancer they've been working on."Fury frowns. "Last I heard, they were seeing improved strength, speed, and reaction times. What's the issue?""Improved, yes, but not at target," Coulson says. "The results have plateaued, but they can't tell if it's inherent in the drug or a natural ability cap in the primates we've been using for testing.""Hmmm. Does Doctor Kenner have a suggestion?""New subjects. Human." Coulson frowns. "He wants a hundred, but in my opinion that number raises the risk of exposure unacceptably high."Fury crooks his fingers and Coulson slides the file across the table to let him peruse the details. "He can have fifty," Fury says eventually. "Twenty local, the other thirty in three sets of ten in three different countries. If mortality exceeds seventy percent, his project is terminated." Coulson nods and makes a mental note, since Fury has the file. The Director flips through the next couple of pages instead of giving it back. Coulson knows when he gets to weapons development because he grins. "God, I love Stark," Fury says. "Infiltrating his protection detail was the best decision I've made in the last ten years; we'd be stuck with fucking Hammer if the kidnapping had succeeded."Coulson smiles slightly. "Speaking of Hammer, he still hasn't rooted out the mole we planted in his computer systems. I think Stark is just toying with him at this point; he's had enough to take that company down for weeks.""Let him have his fun," Fury says, flipping the file shut. "It just gives us more to work with if we ever need to apply some leverage there."Personally, Coulson doesn't think they'll need leverage on Stark. The man is short sighted when it comes to everything but his own work. As long as they keep him busy innovating, he's easy to handle, and SHIELD has no shortage of interesting weapons problems to solve. But he doesn't argue; Fury always keeps back up plans.Fury puts the file to one side and reaches out for another folder, sitting on the edge of the table. "Potential acquisition," he says, handing Coulson the file. Coulson flips it open; the first document is an FBI personnel file. "I want his skills," Fury goes on, "but I don't know yet how he can be secured."Coulson nods, but continues reviewing the file. Barton, Clint Francis. Sharpshooter. Good field reports, except for multiple citations for insubordination. Interesting. Fury doesn't usually like the insubordinate ones. "What makes him interesting?" Coulson asks, because he's halfway through the file and nothing is standing out."Skip to his weapons evaluation," Fury suggests.Coulson shoots him a glance, but obeys. The weapons evaluations are at the back of reports because they're rarely worth any attention. By 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dark fic
AU
Fury rules the world
Clint enjoys his job rather too much
but Coulson likes it that way
unhealthy relationships which I somehow still find romantic
because my head is a strange place sometimes

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

