Chapter 1: One-Dimensional
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Excuse me.”
Darcy looked up gratefully from her computer screen--if I have to look at one more book review, my eyes are going to be permanently crossed--and just barely managed to swallow her drink of water instead of spraying it across the keyboard.

“Can I help you?” she asked, grateful that her voice came out somewhat normal and not at all like she’d almost swallowed her tongue.

The blond Adonis in front of her smiled. “I like your buttons.”

“Oh,” Darcy said, looking down at the lanyard holding her nametag and the various buttons adorning it, including symbols for several of the Avengers. “Thanks.”

“No Captain America?” he asked, his head cocked to the side.

Darcy shrugged. “Nah, Cap gets enough love. Not that he’s not great, I mean, what’s not to love? Strong, brave, and he looks good in the suit. He’s just a little...one-dimensional. I’m more of a Hawkeye girl.”

“Well, Hawkeye is pretty cool,” the man agreed, looking like he was trying not to laugh.

Darcy sighed internally. Sadly, the guys who thought she had a “great sense of humor” were never the ones that were interested in asking her out. Oh, well. Getting asked out at the desk was usually a little creepy anyway, although she wouldn’t mind seeing if tall, blond, and built was the exception to the rule.

“Anyway, sorry for that somewhat unprofessional tangent. How can I help you, sir?” she asked.

“I need some help with history research,” he said, sitting down on the bench next to her desk, “and I heard you were the woman to see.”

“Absolutely!” Darcy said. “We have a lot of really great historical resources here, books and databases. What specifically are you researching?”

“Mostly American history, post World War II to the present,” he said. “Just a broad overview at first. This is more of a self-education project than anything else, but I’m not sure how to get started finding the information, and a lot of what I find on the Internet is…”

“Biased? Wrongheaded? Flat out lies?” Darcy finished for him.

He nodded, his mouth twisted into a wry smile. “Pretty much all of that.”

“Well, I can definitely show you how to get started,” Darcy said, turning her screen toward him and trying not to bounce in her chair. “Just bear with me if I get too excited, because I am an incredible research nerd.”

“Sure thing,” he said, grinning over the desk at her.

“Okay, so first you go to our website…”

Thirty minutes later, the patron had a working knowledge of how to access the library’s research databases, ebooks, and public access catalog, as well as how to submit interlibrary loan requests for books that weren’t available electronically. “And if you have any questions, you can always call or email,” Darcy finished, handing over a business card. “But I think you’ll be okay. You picked that up really fast.”

He rubbed the back of his neck, blushing. “I like computers. They do what you tell ‘em to; just gotta be sure you’re not telling them to do something stupid.”

“Truth,” Darcy agreed.

He stood up from the bench, rolling his shoulders, and Darcy did her best to pretend she wasn’t watching the play of muscles under that too-tight shirt. “Well, it was nice to meet you, Darcy,” he said, tucking her card carefully away in his wallet (and she absolutely did not stare at his back pocket when he put the wallet away. Not at all). “Thanks for your help.”

“No problem,” she said. “It was nice to meet you, too…”

“Steve,” he said, turning toward the door and tugging his baseball cap further down. “Steve Rogers.”

“Oh, shit,” Darcy said softly.

He winked at her and walked away.

Darcy was forced to revise her earlier opinion. No one with an ass like that could ever be considered one-dimensional.


Darcy was making her rounds, picking up stray pieces of paper and pencils, pushing in chairs, pondering the eternal questions (“There’s a trash can literally two feet away; are they too lazy to even 
throw
 their trash in?” or “Did they get this chair and carry it all the way over to the far side of the building? Or did the chairs slowly shift throughout the day like a slider puzzle?”) when she noticed a certain World War II-era superhero at one of the public access computers. He was apparently trying to be incognito in his pleasantly tight shirt and BROOKLYN ball cap, considering the way he jumped when Darcy tapped him on the shoulder.

“Finding everything okay?” she asked, her just-doing-my-job-sir smile firmly in place.

“Darcy! Uh, yeah, thanks,” he said. “Thanks again for showing me those ebooks; there’s a lotta good stuff in there.”

The man at the computer next to Steve’s was giving them a death glare and glancing pointedly from them to the "Please take conversations outside" sign and back again. Darcy managed to stop the eyeroll before it got too far along, cranking up the wattage on the smile instead. “Well, I have to get back to the desk, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Librarian!Darcy
First Meetings
Originally Posted on Tumblr
Post Thor: The Dark World
Probably Not Anything Compliant
Implied/Referenced Torture
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers
starts fluffy
Gets darker
Suicide Attack
Not of/by a main character

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

