Chapter 1





Chapter Text
This wasn’t how this was supposed to happen. It wasn’t how things were supposed to go!
Spencer had planned out the entire night. He’d set things up perfectly. Dinner was prepped and would be ready to slip onto the table just in time for Derek to get home. It was his husband’s favorite; homemade lasagna with garlic bread. The house was clean, there was some low blues music crooning in the background. The whole place was set up to give them one nice, relaxing night at home. With as rocky as things had been in their marriage these past few months, this was just what they needed. A night for just the two of them to be together and maybe get to work on fixing some of those rocky patches that just felt like they were getting bigger and bigger lately.
The slip of paper sitting on the counter reminded Spencer as to why it was even more important than before that they try and fix things.
He’d been home for a few days now instead of out on the current case with the team because he’d been feeling a bit more than under the weather. He’d barely been able to keep food in his stomach these past few days and he’d mostly wanted to just curl up in their bed and sleep. He hadn’t called any friends, hadn’t even really talked to Derek. He’d just lain in bed in an old Caltech sweater and tried to wait for it to pass. His powers—the mutation that no one at the Bureau except for his husband and his team knew about—hadn’t exactly been in control lately, either. They always tended to go a bit out of control when he wasn’t feeling well. It was like they reacted to his illness and tried to find ways to comfort him or make it better.
A friend of Spencer and Derek’s—a man he’d actually met through Derek and had since become quite close to—jokingly called Spencer ‘Samantha’ like the witch in Bewitched, or Merlin like, obviously, the wizard Merlin. Spencer's powers were very simply and very basically labeled as ‘magic’. Not the magic that required lots of hard studying and spell chanting and such like that. Nothing on the level of Dr. Strange and his abilities. Spencer hadn’t studied years and years for this. No, his powers were much simpler, and nowhere near as powerful. He could make things, create them from thin air, though the bigger and more complex the harder it was to do and the longer it took. It was much simpler to take something that already existed and change it to become what he wanted it to. He could also teleport himself somewhere if he wanted. Again, the further it was, the harder it was to do, and the more people he took with him the rougher it was. Basically, he had magic, and he could use it. Teleportation, creation, transmutation, telekinesis—those were just some of the simple, basic things he could do. Nothing on a grand scale. It all just boiled down to a manipulation of magical energies.
What that had meant lately was that every time he got cold, a blanket would appear over him. Every time he gave a bit of thought to wanting a cup of warm tea, one would appear on the nightstand by his bed. A cup he’d been holding had transformed into a bucket once when he’d been curled up on the couch and had suddenly felt so sick he wasn’t sure he’d be able to make it to the bathroom to throw up.
When, after a few crappy days like that, things hadn’t gotten any better, he’d gone in to the doctor to try and find out just what was wrong. He’d walked out of there quite a bit more stunned than he’d gone in. He wasn’t sick.
He was pregnant.
Ten weeks pregnant, to be exact. The doctor had assured him that he and baby were both very healthy. Nausea was a common problem for pregnancy and even more so for male carriers. A male carrier’s body was equipped with the proper internal organs for pregnancy, but the hormones needed to successfully maintain that pregnancy were always very low right at the start and would rapidly kick in as the pregnancy took place. The flood of hCG and estrogen, especially in a body that carries only minimal amounts normally, is enough to cause an even more pronounced nausea than most women go through. Spencer knew all of that, logically, but he’d never really stopped to apply it to himself. He took birth control. He took it regularly. He hadn’t expected to end up pregnant! Especially not…not now. Not wihle things were so rocky between them.
When he got home, he’d spent hours on the couch just lying there, cradling his stomach, thinking about what needed to be done. He and Derek had been arguing lately and they’d been so distant. Spencer had wanted to try and fix it, really he had, but he hadn’t been sure about what to do. They just felt so separate from who they’d used to be when they’d first gotten married two years ago. He’d begun to worry that after two years of marriage and three years of being together as a couple, that things were just fading away.
He couldn’t let that happen.
He’d been a child with parents whose marriage was falling apart. That wasn’t something that he’d ever wish o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Morgan/Spencer Reid
eventual Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid
Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid

freeform: 
Mpreg
Pregnant Spencer
Cheating
Infidelity
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Crying
Feels
Gift Fic

fandom: 
Derek Morgan/Spencer Reid
eventual Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid
Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid

