Work Text:






download (right click and 'save as')  MP3 M4B 
 
~~~~~~~
 
This is how things should have gone:
Coulson recruits Clint to SHIELD when he's still a field agent. They discover their mutual attraction right away and, years before Natasha ever meets them, resolve their UST into a happy and stable relationship.
If the world were a little more willing to turn Natasha's way, that's exactly what would have happened. Sadly, reality doesn't even come close.
~~~
This is how things could have gone:
Clint is sent to kill Natasha, but ends up making a different call. Coulson, who is no longer a field agent but not yet the one who pulls SHIELD's strings at Fury's side, surprises everyone, including himself, by finding that he's jealous. Since Coulson is a mature adult, he immediately asks Clint on a date. Clint agrees. All goes well. And Natasha never, ever has to deal with their drama.
She's not generally one to sigh and think, if only, but she's willing to make an exception.
~~~
This is how things go:
Coulson takes a vacation. Fury has to call him in the middle of the second week because Fury might be leading SHIELD but Coulson's the one who's running it. The issue is small but important, so Coulson agrees to come in for a few hours to take care of it.
Clint and Natasha have been sparring all morning and are heading out to lunch. They're in the lobby when Coulson strolls in, wearing jeans and a polo shirt and looking cheerfully relaxed, and because Natasha has been trained to notice everything around her she can see the exact moment Clint falls in love.
His steps falter slightly. His eyes widen, his breath catches. Tiny signs, but to her they might as well come with a brass band.
Coulson nods at them as he passes. "Romanoff. Barton."
"Coulson," they both say. Clint's voice is a little hoarse.
They all walk on, and it's not until they're a good distance down the street that Natasha turns to Clint and asks, "Really?"
Clint pulls a face, but nods. "It's... Haven't you ever looked at someone you've known for ages and suddenly they're everything you want?"
"No." Of course she hasn't. Love is a fairy tale. A popular one, it seems.
"Okay." Clint is silent for a moment. Then he offers, "It'll pass soon."
"I really don't care," she says, with a slight smile to take the sting out of her words.
"Yeah, you do." He grins at her and she ducks her head, but the truth is that she doesn't care. Not yet.
But then they haven't even begun to drive her crazy.
~~~
Clint's thing for Coulson doesn't go away.
A month passes, then two, then five, and Clint's thing for Coulson utterly fails to go away. They don't work with Coulson all that much – they don't even see each other all that often – but every time they do, Clint gets a slightly hopeful, slightly doomed look around the edges that's frankly a little disturbing.
"What are you doing?" Natasha finally asks when she finds him stuffing his gear bag with extra socks, extra ammo, and a handful of Captain America comics.
Clint looks down at the comics in his hand.
"He's a fan," he says defensively. "I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about."
"Of course." She flicks a lock of hair over her shoulder. "You're not at all going to ask him for his thoughts about the current storyline."
He deflates. She almost feels sorry for him.
"I want to talk to him," he says miserably. "I know it's stupid."
"It is," she agrees. She shrugs at his dark look. "You need a distraction. I'll ask Fury to assign us somewhere else after this mission."
If Clint gets Coulson out of his head for a few days, he'll get over this... infatuation. He just needs to think about something else for a while.
"You're a real pal," Clint mutters.
"Yes," she agrees again, and decides to burn the comics first chance she gets.
She's a good friend. It's not her fault if he can't see that.
~~~
Budapest is a distraction, and then some. Budapest is bad intel and a compromised safe house. Budapest is losing contact with SHIELD in the middle of a firefight. Budapest is playing dead for two days while they try to get access to a secure line. Budapest is Clint leaning heavily on her because he's got a bullet lodged in his hip and they didn't have the time to get it out.
Budapest is also where Coulson falls in love with Clint.
He's at the extraction point, waiting for them, and Natasha briefly wonders how many things went wrong behind the scenes that Coulson decided to organize their rescue himself. She doesn't have much time to waste on logistics, though. Clint is flagging fast and she herself is running on fumes.
She's so exhausted, she would have missed the moment entirely if it had happened more than a step away from her. Clint stumbles, falls, and she doesn't have the strength to keep him on his feet. Coulson catches him before they both go down, but when she looks up to thank him, the words wither in her throat.
Coulson stands there, Clint hanging in his arms like... well, like a man who's mostly unconscious, and the exp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Fix-It
Podfic & Podficced Works
Podfic
Community: pod-together
POV Outsider
Get Together
Male-Female Friendship
Matchmaking
Fluff
Mutually Unrequited

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson & Natasha Romanov

