Chapter 1: Flicking The Bean
    




Chapter Text
Come Inside, says the coy neon banner above the front door.“Salacious on Fifth, how may I help you?”The phone cord curls around Natasha’s wrist as she moves to cradle the receiver between her ear and shoulder, slim fingers jamming the buttons on the cash register. Jo Agape Lube, small bottle, 5.99. 20 sticks of incense – this girl put 22 in the bag thinking Natasha wouldn’t catch it, so she slides it off to the side and gives the client a blank look before going back to ringing her up. The man on the phone wants to know if they’re selling the Twerking Party Ass fuck toy yet and Natasha wants to scream because he’s the fifth person to call about it this week – why in the fuck is that thing white, anyway? Natasha’s been to parties to the point that they all blur together but she can’t recall a single instance of a white girl twerking as compellingly as any of the black girls she’s seen do it – and she knows it’s going to be on the order inventory the moment she tells Tony that. Natasha can stock pig-nosed gimp masks and little person squirter porn and a butt plug so huge that there’s no way it’s for recreation so much as to frighten away potential suitors (Clint calls it “The Destroyer”) but she’s going to draw the line at a fake twerking ass. Something about it is just horrifying, and she’s seen some shit in this shop and managed not to judge thus far so that’s got to be saying something.Hanging up the phone is a pain in the ass - Tony refuses to buy a cordless since the usual night clerk, Whitney, took the old cordless phone into the backroom, proceeded to smoke a joint and have a nap and subsequently overslept the shift change – but Natasha manages, snaking her arm free from the fittingly bondage-esque knot and punching in the last few figures. Doc Johnson Velvet Touch, 8 inch, a beginner’s vibrator, 22.99. One sample pack of Liquid V clitoral stimulant (the tester on the counter was raking in buys like mad this week), 4.99.“Your incense is two over, would you like to remove them or get more?”The girl looks startled, deer in the headlights. She’s an amateur shoplifter, nowhere near casual or calm enough to be pro; Natasha figures she lifts lipstick from Target from time to time and fancies herself an outlaw for it. She stammers out a nervous laugh, feigns what she calls a “blonde moment” and takes two of the sticks out of the bag, laying them off to the side. Natasha’s the kind of clerk who might have let it slide if it was a repeat customer or someone she knew considering how cheap the incense actually is for the store, but it’s the principle of the thing. That’s why Tony calls her his best employee and made her head manager of this store: his most loathsome money pit at the end of 2013, now the top selling sex shop in the region in 2015. Natasha Romanov has a reputation for turning around a lost cause (there’s a joke about Clint in there – just ask him, he’d make it himself). It’s not a big infringement, not worth making a scene over in the least bit. Part of this store’s success has hinged on the fact that Natasha makes women feel comfortable enough to not just look around the store but to actually ask questions about how things work, bring their most personal sexual conundrums and questions to the table. Nat considers herself something of a sexpert at this point, maybe even a counselor. Not bad for someone who spent five years on a four year degree and promptly did nothing with it. What the fuck do you even do with a Bachelor’s in Russian History, anyway?“That’ll be thirty-six twenty.”The customer fishes out a debit card and gives Natasha a hopeful smile, some sort of quiet olive branch asking for forgiveness from the pretty redhead behind the counter. Nat gives back a small smile – she could be a total asshole and ice the girl, but it was two sticks of incense for shit’s sakes, not the creepy guy who tried to bring back used sex toys because he wanted to get off on the revolt on Natasha’s face. She scans the card – girl says credit – and gives her the slip to sign before she’s on her way with her new sex loot.Sighing, Natasha walks away from the register and onto the leopard print carpet of the main floor, taking a long moment to stretch until her baby tee is riding up over her pale belly and she finally feels her back pop. There’s a comfy chair behind the register, tucked back out of customer view for when she needs a break but so much of this job involves being diligent about what the customers are doing inside the store. There’s been more than one occasion where Natasha’s had to threaten to call the cops to get some gross dude that’s jerking it through basketball shorts as he stares at the porn dvd’s the fuck out of the store. Pervs of all stripes frequent the place – ‘pervs’ in the non-derogatory sense and derogatory sense alike. There’s lifers, like the doms that come in and order their collar-wearing subs around the store. There are porn aficiona
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Matt Murdock/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Pietro Maximoff/Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Sex Shop
Alternate Universe - Sex Shop
Sex Toys
BDSM
Alternate Universe
Sex
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Well not everybody but most of them
Polyamorous Character
Bisexuality
pansexuality
Open Relationships
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Threesome - F/F/M
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Consensual Infidelity
All Consensual All The Time
Rimming
Pegging
Public Sex
all the sex
Cunnilingus
Masturbation
Mutual Masturbation
Alternative Lifestyles
Adult Content
maxicest
Deaf Character
Deaf Clint Barton
Disabled Character

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Matt Murdock/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Pietro Maximoff/Wanda Maximoff
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

