Work Text:
In all honesty, Steve had absolutely no idea what he was doing here. Or how he’d ended up here in the first place. He could’ve sworn that ten minutes ago, he’d been sitting on his couch with plans to watch Netflix. Now, he was shoving his way through a sweaty crowd, bass thrumming through his bones, lights gliding across his vision in smooth, sporadic lines, as he made his way to the bar. Steve ordered a beer, and pushed himself to the farthest corner of the bar- the only corner where the lights and music seemed a little more distant. Steve didn’t know what he was doing here. He stared into his beer for several moments, taking measured breaths, before he forced himself to people-watch. The mass of people streamed into a rowdy crowd of drunk people trying to get the bartender’s attention by the center of the bar. A curvy woman effortlessly made her way to the front and grabbed a fruity-looking beverage. She winked at Steve as she walked past, hips sashaying. Steve frowned, eyes catching on a ruggedly attractive man leaning against the bar with his legs sprawled out invitingly. He was flirting heatedly with a woman, and as he purchased her a drink, Steve saw the subtle but sure movement of something foreign being dropped into the liquid. Steve went cold all over as the man handed it to the woman. Before he knew what he was doing, Steve was out of his stool and snatching the drink out of the woman’s hand. “What the fuck, man?” the woman snapped, but Steve’s attention was focused on the man. “What did you put in it?” he demanded. The man raised his hands defensively. “Calm your tits, pal. I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Steve gritted his teeth. “I’m talking about whatever you slipped in this drink. What was it?” The man narrowed his eyes. “Are you accusing me of what I think you’re accusing me of?” he said, pushing himself to his feet to get in Steve’s face. “Yeah, I think I am.” The man shoved him. “So, say it out loud, you fucking pussy.” Steve grabbed the collar of his shirt. “I’m saying you spiked the drink.” The man sneered. “Like you’ve never done the same.” And that? That was enough. Steve punched him square in the nose, hardly even registering the pain in his fingers. “FUCK!” the man shouted, bringing a hand up to stem the sudden bleeding. “Do we have a problem here?” Steve turned slightly to see a cluster of men watching him warily, postures tense and ready. “Like hell we do,” Steve spat. “This fucker was spiking the drinks.” The men exchanged glances, and then simultaneously got to their feet, as if they were in some sort of weird synchronized 50s gang. “Let’s have a chat,” one of them said. That was how Steve found himself suddenly surrounded by six angry-looking men. His heart sank. He knew how this would end. The first guy went for a head-butt, and Steve ducked and released him all at once, letting him lose balance to collide with one of his friends. Steve grabbed the back of his shirt and kicked down on the back of his knee, making him go down. Then, it was complete chaos. Steve frantically ducked limbs, thrashing out as often as he could get, but he was quickly overwhelmed. Somebody grabbed his arms and shoved him towards the edge of the club, and Steve kicked out, loosing himself temporarily. He was dizzy with the amount of blows that had been dealt, but he had enough sense to stagger a few steps back, raising his fists. He spit out some blood, slurring, “I could do this all day.” The guys, looking worse-for-wear, looked at each other before advancing again. Steve backed up, only to find his back thumping into the cold surface of a window. A second-story window. 
Uh oh.
 Kicks and punches and shoves culminated in the shattering rain of glass at Steve’s back. Steve yelped, squeezing his eyes shut against the shards as they got in his hair and sliced at his skin. The last thing he felt was a foot to the chest, rushing air, and a terrific collision. After that, there was nothing. 
  
BREAKING: Steve Rogers reportedly in bar-fight in downtown Brooklyn

 

NEW: Actor Steve Rogers sends six men to hospital after bar-fight

 

TRENDING: Steve Rogers engages in a movie-worthy brawl, sending several men to the hospital

 

GOSSIP COLUMN: Is Steve Rogers a jealous boyfriend? Questions answered as Rogers turns violently possessive in Brooklyn club
 
  When Steve groggily pried his eyes open, Sam was standing over him with the most disapproving look he’d ever seen, muscular arms crossed decisively over his chest. “You’ve gotta be kidding me, man,” Sam said tiredly. “What happened?” Steve croaked, voice raw. Sam sighed. “You got thrown out a window.” “Oh. Right,” Steve murmured with a strange sense of deja vu, trying to figure out how to move again so that he could push himself up. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Sam interjected, “You’ve got a broken clavicle, broken arm, bruised hip, and a concussion. Movement is definitely not advised right now.” “Oh,” Steve said, staring up. “Just s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Fame
Alternate Universe - Actors
Violence
Lots of fights
Alcohol
Mentions of PTSD
Steve Rogers Versus the Media
Steve Rogers Versus Everyone
Steve Rogers Versus Himself tbh
Mildly Dubious Consent
Self-Esteem Issues
Mentions of Suicide Attempt
Mentions of Prostitution
Fluff
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Mutual Pining
Angst
Happy Ending
One Mild Description of Animal Violence
Descriptions of Acting Profession are Probably Inaccurate
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

