Work Text:
It was too cold.Bucky could feel his body shutting down with each step he attempted to take through the deep snow, trying his best to make his way through the trees but he was losing energy fast and the light was fading. He knew he couldn't last much longer, especially come nightfall. He couldn't run anymore; he could hear the wolves not far behind him and where there had been fear before, now there was just a numb blankness and a grim, sad acceptance. He thought about his father and his mother. He thought about Becca and how happy she had been with the new ribbons he had bought for her hair.The wind and sleet stung Bucky's face, sticking to his eyelashes, making it hard to see. He slumped into the snow and tried to look around for a branch or a rock or anything he could use for a weapon but the blizzard was too fierce. He glanced behind him and wished that he hadn't - three huge Timber Wolves were stalking through the snow towards him, obviously sensing that he was weakened. Bucky whimpered - even with two arms he wouldn't have been able to stave them off for long. He didn't think he could get back up. He was so tired. He had been walking through the snow for hours, lost and alone and now this was it. He hoped he would pass out before the wolves started to...please God, let him pass out.Bucky lay his head on the freezing snow beneath him and his vision started to blur. He heard branches snapping somewhere behind him - another wolf maybe, come to join the others and then everything went white.***It was too hot.Bucky groaned and his throat was dry and sore. He was burning up. It had to be some kind of trick - he was still laying in the snow waiting for the wolves to kill him and the cold had turned to burning. He tried to move but his right leg was a knot of agony."Don't," a stern voice said, muffled through the fog in Bucky's head. "Try not to move."Bucky frowned. He wasn't outside anymore. Had he been found? Had his father found him? That didn't sound like his father though. "Who..." He coughed violently before the fire washed over him again and he tumbled back into a restless burning sleep.***When Bucky awoke again, he was still hot but his vision was less clouded. He opened his eyes and gathered his thoughts, blinking. He was in a house. A cabin, maybe, staring up at wooden beams, a faint smoky smell in the air. He was in a bed, under thick scratchy blankets. The cabin was dark save for an oil lamp somewhere off to his right. The bed he was in was against the wall and he could still hear the blizzard raging outside. How long had he been here? Bucky tried to move but his leg flared in pain and he cried out; he could feel the sweat from the fever that had a hold of him running down his face."I told you not to move." It was the stern, deep voice from before.Bucky turned his head. He was in a cabin - a one room affair with a bed, a woodstove and some odd pieces of furniture arranged around a sturdy table. There were some bookcases against a couple of the log walls and a rifle leaning against the door. A man was getting up from the table, tall with blond hair and a rough beard. He didn't look to be that much older than Bucky himself although it was hard to tell. He picked up a small basin and a cloth from the table."You need to rest," the man said and wiped Bucky's face with the cloth. It was freezing and Bucky realized that there was snow in the bowl. "Moving will make your leg worse." He sounded put out and when Bucky looked up at him he was met with a glare from two angry blue eyes.Bucky groaned again and the man picked up a chip of snow and held it to Bucky's mouth. "Here, this will help your throat."Bucky took the snow and chewed it carefully, savoring the coolness as it slid down his throat, relieving the burning a little. "What..." he tried but started to cough again.The man scowled. "Just try to rest. Looks like you'll be here for a while." He stared at Bucky resentfully for a moment before giving him another chip of snow. Then he walked away to the table again. Bucky wanted to ask him where he was but he could feel sleep taking him over, whether he wanted it to or not.***He was with his father in the woods. It was cold and sunny and they were tracking a wounded elk through the snow, the trail of blood easy to follow. Bucky was happy; they had a fine house down in the town and things were finally starting to go their way. His mother and Becca were happy and he was beginning to move on from the accident. He followed close behind his father, his gun crooked in his elbow, breathing in the crisp mountain air. He was glad they had moved here.It darkened suddenly - snow clouds were moving in and it was no longer sunny and bright in the forest. Bucky looked up, concerned. It wouldn't be good if they got caught in a blizzard out here. They should forget the elk and head back. He tried to call to his father but he had gotten ahead of Bucky, still walking on through the trees. Bucky hurried to catch u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Ambiguous Point in Time
Hermit Steve Rogers
Loneliness
Mention of Character Death
Fluff
enemies to friends (kind of)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

