Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes was cold.Huddled in on himself, both arms drawn close to his chest, he tried not to relay just how fucking freezing he was to the other men — all of whom, it seemed, remained completely unaffected by the autumn chill. As he tried not to visibly shiver where he sat, his eyes scanned over an open page in the comic book that had been lobbed over to him for his consideration.“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me.”Admittedly, when the first batch of comics had been delivered to the camp, Bucky Barnes was among those who were… less than receptive to the character of Captain America, to say the very least. Staring in bewilderment at this monstrosity of a comic book, it was clear that nothing of either its content, nor his opinion of it, had altogether changed that much.“Garbage!” he said, astounded by the sheer absurdity of what he was reading. “Complete garbage. Who the hell do these assholes think they are, pandering to kids like this? Look at this — look at how… look at this,” he brandished the offending page up so that the men around him could share in his disgust. They all looked faintly amused.“No better than the newsreels back home,” one of the men replied, not unfairly. “Men and women all across America’ yadda, yadda, ‘brave American soldiers!’ yadda, yah,” he continued, in a passable impression of the newsreels’ emphatic voiceovers.“You know they’ve based this ‘Captain America’ off of a real guy? They’ve got some poor bastard parading around the country in tights selling war bonds.”“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me,” Bucky repeated, far less amused this time. Disgusted, he swapped over the comic for an open tin of peaches that Dum Dum held out for him, paired with a slightly bent fork. Bent forks, Dum Dum had announced, added “authenticity” to their time at camp — to which Bucky had responded with the quiet suggestion as to exactly where he could stick his authenticity. Obviously, Dum Dum had heard this, because now he took it upon himself to actively search out the most mangled set of eating utensils he could find whenever he retrieved food for Bucky.“‘Poor bastard’ — more like ‘lucky bastard’. Need I remind you that while he’s prancing around like a show-pony, we’re out here in the mud with holes in our socks and living off spam. I’ll bet a carton of Marlboros that every single pair of socks that that man owns are clean and completely void of holes,” Dugan said, with a bitterness to rival Bucky’s. “Look at him,” he thrust a thick forefinger at the page, “never tasted Spam in his life.”Dum Dum’s never-ending distaste for Spam was often a great source of amusement to Bucky.“Yeah, but I’d still rather be out here with the rest of you whiney little girls than where he is,” one of the men pointed directly at the large, illustrated dick-bulge that they were all laughing at earlier, “least staying here keeps my dignity intact.”“Yeah, definitely rather him than me,” another man laughs.Bucky didn’t laugh, but silently agreed nonetheless. He briefly entertained the idea of what Steve would say seeing an eligible man shirking his role in the war in favour of becoming an on-stage showgirl — made to pander the war to kids of all people… “Sergeant Barnes,” a voice called from behind him. Bucky turned to see his second lieutenant standing stock-still with a piece of paper clutched in one hand.Dutifully, Bucky hurried to set down his peaches and dash over to where the other men couldn’t eavesdrop. Righting himself to attention, he saluted, “sir!”“At ease,” Lieutenant Harrison said, and Bucky switched to his rest position. “We’re prepping the 107th for duty; have your squad ready to make the trek down to the front at 0600 tomorrow.”Bucky’s heart sank, hard and fast, and he swallowed down the lump in his throat before saluting once more. “Yes, sir. Understood, sir.”Lieutenant Harrison swallowed anxiously, and Bucky knew that there was something he wasn’t being told.When he slouched off back to his men, they were still talking about Captain fucking America.“He’s scheduled to come here in a few weeks,” one of the men was saying — Bucky didn’t know his name. He had the comic flipped to the back page, where a list of tour dates had been printed alongside a portrait of Captain America, who pointed out to the audience like he was Uncle Sam.“Can’t fucking wait,” Bucky replied blandly, slumping back down on his place in the dirt and resuming work on his tinned peaches.As the night grew darker, more men trudged off to their quarters for lights out, intending to squeeze in as much sleep as they possibly could before tomorrow.For Bucky and several other men, however, they drew it out, wanting to enjoy their last calm night together in peace. Bucky didn’t care that he needed to get up at ass-o’clock tomorrow to prep his squad — he’d feel shitty in the morning regardless of how much sleep he’d had.Cigarette dangling from on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
To a point
Unrequited Love
Mutual Pining
Grief/Mourning
Torture
Slow Burn
War Era
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Hurt/Comfort
Period-Typical Homophobia
Sexual Content
Angst
Brainwashing
Zola is a dick
Post-CA:TWS
Happy Ending
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

