Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Darcy first met James when she was seven. 
*****
Darcy hid in the corner of the playground, facing the wire fence and praying to God that they didn't find her. She wasn't so sure that there was a God, but her Momma had always said that when she needed help she should pray to Him.
The fact that He had never responded hadn't stopped her asking. Her Momma hadn't stopped asking until the very end, so Darcy wouldn't stop either.
She clenched her eyes shut and her fingers curled into fists when she heard the cries of children getting louder. Closer.
She was jerked out of her self imposed isolation when she felt something shine against her eyes. She opened them to see a fingers wrapped around the top of the fence. She immediately loved them. They sparkled in the sunlight and were attached to a hand that did the same. She smiled in delight when she saw that the hand turned into an entire arm that sparkled. She grinned up at the man who the arm was attached to, the other children temporarily forgotten.
He looked confused for a second, as if he didn't know what to make of the small child smiling up at him. 
"Does your entire body sparkle?" Darcy asked the first question that popped into her head. Her teachers always berated her for having to no brain-to-mouth filter, but it hadn't cured her of the habit.
The man's face scrunched up in confusion again.
"Your arm sparkles. I want to know if the rest of your body sparkles." She clarified, as if it was the simplest thing in the world.
He looked down at his arm and the wrinkles in his forehead smoothed out as he finally understood. "No." He rumbled. "Only my arm sparkles."
"Why does it sparkle?" She asked, reaching out to trace her fingers over the sparkly material. He flinches at first, but when she carries on unperturbed, he relaxes and lets her chubby little fingers run over the metal.
"It's made of metal. So when it's in the sun it sparkles." He rumbled, trying to smile. He's sure that it comes out as more of a grimace but the little girl doesn't seem to mind.
"That's so cool!" She gushes. "I want an arm that sparkles." The man actually grins at that. Usually, people outright stare and ask imposing questions rather than just leaving him alone. She's possibly the first person that found his arm 'cool'.
She's so caught up in staring at his arm that she's forgotten about the other kids. She suddenly remembers them when a sharp cry sounds through the playground. 
"Found her! I found the pig!" A girls shrill cry rose through the air, causing Darcy to look behind her. The man glares at the little monster making the sound when it becomes clear that she was shouting about Darcy. The girl and all the children following her quickly fell silent when they noticed his withering glare. 
He looks back down at Darcy, but it's too late. Tears are already welling up in her eyes and her bottom lip trembles. "Hey, don't cry." He lowers to his knees and wipes away the stray tear that leaks down her cheek. "Don't cry. Those other kids don't mean what they're saying."
She shakes her head at him. "Yes they do." She sobs, fully crying now. "They say it every day." His jaw clenches as he absorbs the fact that they are probably why she was hiding in the corner of the playground by herself.
He doesn't know what made him stop, but when he walked by the small school and saw her with her eyes closed murmuring words under her breath, he wanted to know what she was doing. Now that he knew, he wasn't entirely sure what to do about it.
"Hey, you want to know what I do when people are mean to me?" He asked. Darcy looked up his metal hand, suddenly interested. She nodded slowly. He grinned at her. "I scare 'em." He said, his voice taking on a Brooklyn strain. She looked at his face, eyebrows scrunched in confusion.
"Next time one of the other kids are mean to you, I want you to go up to them and pretend that you're a big scary monster and scare them away." 
"How?" She asked, a smile forming on her lips.
"Like this." He demonstrated by flailing his arms around and making a screeching sound as hideous as he could make it. The man looked down to see Darcy giggling again. "Just like that okay?" Darcy nodded and mimicked the gesture, roaring and flailing her arms around as much as she could. "Yeah, just like that." He paused for a second. "You know that you should just ignore them though. When kids are mean to you, don't let what they're saying get to you. It's your decision to let what they're saying upset you you know."
She nodded in understanding, although the man wasn't entirely sure that she understood fully. He looks above her shoulder to see a concerned woman moving towards them, most likely a teacher. "I've got to go, but remember what I said okay?"
"Wait!" Darcy looked panicked. "What's your name?" 
The man's face scrunched up in confusion. "I-I-I don't know." Darcy went silent for a few seconds, noticing how his eyes darkened in thought.
"Well my name's Darc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Phil Coulson/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Young Darcy Lewis
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Returns
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
I Don't Even Know
How Do I Tag
how do I title
I Tried
Handcuffs
Dark Steve
Jealous Steve Rogers
Excessive Swearing
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Deaf Clint Barton
What Have I Done
Angst and Feels
Mind Control
Mind Manipulation
Past Mind Control
Adultery
Bad Decisions
Breaking and Entering
psychologist
Slightly scary
Cheating
Trauma
Original Character Death(s)
Bruce Feels
Murder
Young Bruce
Slow Burn
Past Child Abuse
Mentions of past child abuse
Manipulation
Mutants
X-Men References

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Phil Coulson/Original Female Character(s)

