Work Text:
“Tell me you knew about this,” Coulson says, the minute Tony and Bucky saunter away from the landing pad, their steps strangely out of sync despite their overall movement remaining in total harmony, shoulders tucked in against each other, Bucky’s hand stuck in Tony’s back pocket.“I knew Tony had a new project,” Pepper replies, eyebrows only slightly raised, because again, this is not the worst thing she’s caught Tony doing. Not by a long, long margin, in fact. And well, all of her reactions are momentarily tempered by the relief of having him safely back from Zemo’s clutches anyway. “I just hadn’t realised that the project came with a person.”“Ah,” Coulson says in his habitual tone, which simultaneously indicated complete neutrality and complete understanding. “I should give you the file on Barnes.”“There’s no rush,” Pepper finds herself saying. “I don’t think he’ll leave much of a mess. At least, not for a long while yet.”“You think so?”Pepper tilts her head slightly to one side, watching James Barnes lean into Tony and say something close to his ear, and then Tony throwing back his head in laughter. “Yes,” she says eventually, allowing herself a small smile. “I do.”***Let it never be said that Pepper Potts has not always been sure of what she wants.Those five months with Tony had been fantastic. Better even than she’d predicted, and she is very, very good at making predictions.Tony had loved her for their shared futurist sensibility.“You see what I mean?” he’d said at one point, gesturing to the holographic blueprints. They’d been down in the workshop for hours, Tony working, and Pepper keeping tabs on the office from her seat on his desk, because she’d stayed the night and Tony had actually made the effort to both sleep on a reasonable schedule and attempt to make eggs in the morning. “Here, and here. We’ll revolutionise what people expect of their phones, especially when they start looking at their phone bills and start seeing that none of that, fucking nothing of that, will be necessary.”And Pepper said, “I see it. And if the board doesn’t, I’ll make them see it.”And Tony had kissed her on the cheek, and then on her neck, and they’d fucked on the workshop floor like she’d just bought new lingerie for Tony to peel off of her.It had all just meant that the moment she couldn’t want him that way any more—or rather, couldn’t want Iron Man that way anymore, because there was loving and being loved by a genius and a troublemaker, and then there was loving and being loved by a man with a mission—she’d had no qualms about telling him. And to be fair, he’d taken it better than she’d forecast.“This isn’t—,” she started.“No,” he agreed.“But are you—?”“It’s okay, Ms. Potts. I’m pretty sure you’re better than I deserve.”And that had hit hard, but it wasn’t as if Pepper could have proven him wrong without also volunteering herself as proof. And that wasn’t going to happen. There were such things as compromises, and then there were others called sacrifices, and the latter were just a step too far in this context. The two of them did work best as friends, but those past months had been worth it, and she’d rather hoped that Tony knew it as well as she did.So she just said, “Oh, Tony, don’t be stupid,” and put her hands on his shoulders when he turned away from her, leaned into him just as he leaned back into her, and then they stayed like that for a long moment, and she kissed the side of his neck when he covered one of her hands with his.Then she left to go back to the office.If she stole an extra box of tissues from the executive break room, no one called her on it.She sometimes wonders, and worries still; but she knows that there is a limit to how much she can do about it at this stage. They’ve taken the appropriate number of steps back, and now Tony can continue to demand the impossible from her, and she can continue, as CEO of her company, to indulge him.And then they can both be safe.So yes, she likes James Barnes when he comes around, the little that she sees of him. She likes his easy smile, and his dark gaze, and the way he looks at Tony like he sees him to be exactly as incredible as he actually is, like Tony is the answer to a thousand questions Barnes would never dare to ask.She likes that a great deal. So she tells Coulson that there’s no rush on his paperwork. None at all.***Coulson is very good at keeping in touch, which is sort of amazing considering how busy she knows he is.“Half of it is Darcy,” Natasha says, “She sorts all of the stupid shit into a pile and sets it on fire.”“Metaphorically, I hope.”“I don’t know, her wastepaper basket looks awfully scorched sometimes.”Pepper gives her a look and Natasha twitches a smile at her. It’s been odd working with her, post-Natalie, but Pepper is quite certain that they can both make it work—Pepper is accustomed to frequent changes in staff, due to a combination of her good judgment and Tony’s sometimes-justified, sometimes-not whims. And Natasha is a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Competency
Corporate Espionage
Drinking

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

