Work Text:
The first thing Nick Fury says after Tony's signed his own weight in non-disclosure agreements is, "Welcome on board, Stark. You're just in time for hide and seek."Which turns out to be Fury's way of saying, "This week at SHIELD we're scouring the globe for an All-American hero; tag, you're it!"So Tony builds some stuff because hey, lucky for everybody, he's really good at that. He takes the imaging equipment he's been toying with and gives it a couple of red-white-and-blue-worthy upgrades, modifies it to withstand extreme cold and then, in a stroke of two thirty-three in the morning inspiration, realizes that they're not looking for any old image, they're looking for a 6-foot tall, star-spangled man."JARVIS?" he says, rolling his shoulders and thumbing the off switch on the blowtorch."Yes, sir?""Any chance at all you remember where we dumped all that Captain America memorabilia?""I believe you are currently housing it in a disused corner of the garage, sir," JARVIS says, somehow managing to convey his weary acceptance of Tony's allergy to organization without actually varying his tone."Fantastic," Tony says, and goes digging.What he comes up with, after he's sifted through comic books and recruiting posters and one or two pages of notes in his dad's handwriting that he quickly sets aside—he's been down that rabbit hole recently enough, thanks—is a propaganda reel, a little dusty but still in working condition. He even locates the projector without JARVIS' help, which, come on, impressive."Okay, so," he says, and then stops because yep, that's Captain America, and as much as Tony is more-or-less an adult nowadays (granted, the pendulum swings from 'more' to 'less' kind of unpredictably) watching the guy strike a flickering, heroic pose serves up a potent dose of nostalgia. Tony remembers watching this stuff—hell, he remembers reading the comics, too. He'd been aware of comics as kid stuff and, looking back, that was pretty obviously how his dad was aware of them too, good old normal kid stuff that he could share with his kid. And hmm, what was that about a rabbit hole?"Okay, so," he says again, "let's freeze that image and render it in 3D.""Certainly," JARVIS says and does just that. Captain America flies out of the screen and hovers, a black-and-white war hero rotating slowly in the middle of Tony's workshop. Tony has the sudden urge to reach out and touch the star on his chest, those doofy wings sprouting from his head, and resists because yeah, more-or-less an adult."Good, great, you're a pleasure to work with as always," Tony says, unscrewing the panel on the back of what he's calling the Cap Finder 2.0 (there wasn't really a 1.0, of course, but 2.0 always sounds better to government buyers and he seriously doubts SHIELD is going to be an exception). He fiddles with the tangle of wires there, and then points the entire thing at the good Captain, who's still revolving in midair, patriotic hands on his patriotic hips. The Cap Finder beeps and then Captain America's beaming up at him from its screen."Right," Tony says, glancing down and then away. "That's who you're looking for. Don't fuck up." 

+ + + + +
 Two weeks later, Tony's watching as a rectangular hunk of ice is lifted into the air. He can just make out the blurs of red, white, and blue inside it, sketching out the outlines of a human figure."We'll defrost him and start running tests," says Agent Phil Coulson, Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division."Really? Because as a taxpayer I'm a little annoyed that you're gonna waste my hard-earned dough on that," Tony says. Coulson hitches one ridiculously unimpressed eyebrow."Oh?" He asks."Yeah, because that guy," Tony says, waving the Cap Finder (with built-in life signs detector, obviously, what is he, a moron or something?) at the Star-Spangled Ice Cube, "is dead.""We'll see about that," Coulson says. 

+ + + + +
 "He's dead," Coulson says."What, dead dead?" Fury demands from the other end of the video call."What, are you going to start quoting The Princess Bride now?" Tony asks."Stark, I've met enough superheroes to know that 'dead' doesn't mean dead, half the time," Fury says. "Dead could mean in some kind of super-powered healing sleep, dead could mean casting an illusion so they can ax a gloating archenemy or two at the funeral, dead could mean their mind's trapped in an alternate universe and their body's stuck here. Dead doesn't mean shit in this line of work. Speaking of work, Coulson, have somebody add Stark's knowledge of The Princess Bride to his file.""In this case, sir, dead means dead," Coulson says. "He has no vital signs, and we can't detect any brain activity.""I thought he was supposed to be in stasis," Fury says. "Wasn't all of that super soldiering supposed to be good for his longevity?""Apparently some of Howard Stark's conclusions were faulty in that regard, sir," Coulson says. Tony bristles a little at that because it's one thing to impugn the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pushing Daisies AU
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

