Work Text:

I would give it all if only for a moment,
That I could just understand the meaning of the word you see
 "That little shit," Jasper snarls, throwing himself in the seat across from Phil in the mess hall, glasses slightly askew and eyes sporting that look Phil has come to associate with a certain specialist recently collected into SHIELD's fold.Phil doesn't look up from the file he's annotating, pen moving in quick, precise strokes. It takes quite the effort to school his expression, to stop his lips from twitching with mirth, but the exasperated air of Jasper's huff makes the effort worth it. Besides, Phil knows full well that Jasper won't be able to stop himself from recounting the most recent disaster Clint Barton has unleashed upon his unit."It is all your fault, you realise," Phil says mildly, enjoying winding Jasper up far too much. "You're the one who spotted and recruited him."Jasper groans, rubbing his hands over his eyes, wireframes balancing on his knuckles. "Why the hell didn't you stop me, Coulson? You know everything; surely you could see this was going to be a disaster from the start."Phil considers this situation good practice for holding his impassive face without cracking up at Jasper's dramatics. "'The kid's got potential, Phil'," he says, in a good approximation of Jasper's dry, accent-less voice. "'He's the sharpest shooter I've ever seen, Phil.' 'He'll make a fucking badass agent in less than ten years, Phil'."Jasper scowls at him. "Shut up, asshole. Sure, the kid's good, but it doesn't stop him from being a fucking pain in my ass. You know what he's gone and done now?" he demands, warming up to the topic.Phil gives up the fight and grins. "No, but I'm sure you're going to tell me anyway.""He only went and pinned Wu to the wall of the training room with three paperclips and a pencil," Jasper reports, and Phil smiles at the pride in his voice that Jasper probably thinks he's doing a good job of concealing. Jasper dotes on that kid, handful though he apparently is. Phil has yet to meet this marksman prodigy, and going by Jasper's frequent, voluble explosions, it's going to be an occasion to remember."Well, Wu should work on his evasive manoeuvers," is all that Phil says, in his trademark unimpressed manner. The only reason Jasper doesn't buy it along with everyone else is that Jasper knew Phil way before he'd started putting this calm, unruffled, unflappable image together, back when he'd been Staff Sergeant Coulson to Jasper's Private Sitwell.Jasper seems to focus on him now, a speculative look in his eyes that makes Phil distinctly nervous, although he'd never show it. There's a reason Phil recommended Jasper for recruitment as soon as Nick picked him up, and it wasn't his baby blues and youthful demeanour."What?" he says a little defensively. It’s a miscalculation, a mile-wide opening that Jasper isn't going to miss. Never show interest, damn it, Phil should know this by now. All he can do is don his mask and wait to see what fresh hell Jasper is going to unleash upon him this time."I," Jasper announces, looking distressingly pleased with himself, “am a genius.”'Oh, god,' Phil groans in the safety of his own head. Outwardly, he merely sighs in resignation. "Care to share the reason for this conclusion?" he drawls.Jasper lifts an unimpressed eyebrow in his direction, but then gets distracted by whatever idea he's just had. "No, really, I am. I'm going to recommend to Director Fury that you be assigned as Barton's handler."No," Phil says flatly, all pretence of cool gone without a trace. "Jasper, come on. You can't saddle me with the kid, I've got enough baby agents to juggle already."But Jasper isn't listening, isn't even aware of the conversation anymore, a faraway look in his eye that Phil knows from experience heralds one of his (admittedly terribly smart) ideas. Thing is, Jasper is the strategist to Phil's implementer, the one who sees much farther than his short-sighted glasses would suggest, and if he thinks Phil and Barton ought to work together, Fury will listen -- and make it happen. Phil knows this is a lost cause already, but he feels that letting it go without a token protest would smack too much of giving up."Jasper. Seriously? What makes you think the kid will listen to me when he's been running circles around the entirety of SHIELD for months now?"Jasper comes back to himself with a blink and a sharp inhale, fixing Phil with an intent look. "Because you're you," he says, which makes no damn sense. When Phil scowls, though, Jasper apparently decides to give him a rare explanation -- Jasper hates to be second-guessed with a passion. It's a measure of how long and successfully they have worked together, of what close friends they are, that Phil merits one at all."Look. I've known you for close to a decade, Phil, and you are literally the only person in SHIELD I would feel comfortable leaving in charge of Barton. Kid's rash, plenty of rough edges, he has no fucking 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov brOTP
Phil Coulson/Jasper Sitwell bffs

freeform: 
Reverse Big Bang Challenge
the Jasper Sitwell show
perceived character death for part of the story
survivor's guilt for part of the story
Clint Has Issues
Clint has had the childhood from hell
Extended Metaphors
Phil sees beneath the growly beast
beauty-and-the-beast trope
Non-Graphic Violence
Blood
Natasha Romanov kicks ass and takes names
Trust
home is where your heart is
Phil is a badass
Phil loves his job
Clint loves Phil
Pining
my Terry Pratchett obsession is showing
Romance
Jasper is a badass too
hints of past brainwashing
Protectiveness
Clint's kind of an ass
Happy Ending
frank discussion on the merits of losing one's mind
hints of past child abuse
Phil's a badass born not made

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov brOTP
Phil Coulson/Jasper Sitwell bffs

