Work Text:
In 1971 an old reel of film was found in the back of what, at the time, was a French bakery. The bakery was expanding into the old stationary store next door and after knocking down a wall, the contractors found a hidden compartment. It turns out that the bakery used to be an old pawn shop in the 1930s and the owner, a notorious paranoid, had built a secret compartment for some of his higher end items.
Most of the items were gold watches or old letters from soldiers in the First World War. The owner of the bakery sold most of the items for a hefty profit, but no one could figure out why an old reel of film from a fairly ancient camera was in with these treasures. To find out, the owner sent the reel to someone who specialized in authenticating and estimating values for films.
What the authenticator, Terrence Bisset, found on the tape would inspire literature, speculation, and gossip for years to come.
The tape was of a young Steve Rogers, or better known as Captain America, in an apartment he shared with James “Bucky” Barnes. There wasn’t any sound, as it was a 1930s camera, but the actions of Rogers in the film provided enough on their own to bring up major controversy in the media. The YouTube copy of the video, uploaded by the official Stark account, is below.
 

A static filled picture shows up after a few seconds of black. The frame slowly clears into a shaky image of a skinny Steve Rogers sitting on a couch, a bottle of whiskey grasped in one of his hands. 


His mouth starts moving as someone off-screen speaks to him, most likely the one holding the camera. Rogers grins widely, taking a swig from the bottle. He says something once again, pauses, and laughs widely. Even through the fuzziness of the picture, the viewer can see that Rogers’ eyes are fond as he gazes at the cameraperson. He says something else to the person. 


Rogers shakes his head, a grin still on his face, as the person responds. The camera moves up and down, distorting the picture a bit, and Rogers laughs again. He shakes his head once again. The viewer can infer that the cameraperson is trying to get him to do something and Rogers is refusing. 


Finally, Rogers sighs, put upon, and says something. He grins at the camera and says the same thing again. As he takes another sip from the bottle, he holds up his middle finger to the cameraperson and dissolves into giggles once again. When Rogers calms down, he sits up straighter, his expression going soft but serious. 


Then, very clearly, Rogers repeats what he said before, eyes looking above the camera lens and, most probably, at the cameraperson. 


This time, the words Rogers is saying are very clearly “I love you” and a name. The camera is put down and the viewer sees three seconds of a body moving to join Rogers on the couch before it goes black.

 
At the time, everyone had assumed Steve Rogers’ only love was Peggy Carter and the idea that he could’ve loved someone else stirred up a lot of noise. Steve Rogers and Peggy Carter have been the image of love since the infamous recording of Rogers’ last words was leaked to the public. Rogers and Carter hadn’t met until Rogers went to basic training for the super-soldier program, and by the time he would’ve been in an environment like an apartment that we see in the video, he would’ve been big. There is no possible way the cameraperson in the video is Peggy Carter. Understandably, the film brought up a healthy dose of controversy.
The owner of the bakery sold the film to Howard Stark, supposedly on the order of Peggy Carter, though the reasons are still vague. Some argue she didn’t want the world to know Rogers had loved someone before her but others speculate that she was just protecting Rogers’ privacy, even after his death. Stark purchased the reel of film only two weeks after it was discovered, but not before its existence could be divulged to the public. After heavy intimidation by the media, Stark hired a lip reader to interpret the video so everyone would know what he was saying and released the video with the proper captions to the public. The official dialogue goes as following;
 
Rogers: What’re you doing with that camera?
Rogers: Turn it around if you want a good one.
 Rogers: Didn’t anyone ever tell you lying is a sin?
Rogers: Fine, I love you.
Rogers: I love you.
Rogers: I love you, _______.
 
In the official script, Stark claimed the interpreter was unable to translate the name, which, of course, brought up gossip on who Steve Rogers loved before Peggy Carter in addition to speculation that Stark was lying in order to protect Rogers’ privacy as well. Numerous times it has been suggested that the cameraperson is a male, but no one has ever been able to support or dispute it entirely. To this day, no one can agree on what names Rogers proclaimed his love for, inciting many a historical debate and numerous writings on the subject of Rogers’ mysterious love.
As we close this article, written to commemorate the 25 ye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canonical Character Death
Sort Of
Film
Talk Shows
News Media
Angst
Steve Rogers Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

