Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Looks like we're here.  Those kids over there are wearing your jumpsuit." Dan Granger noted absently.Hermione leaned in between her parents so she could see."Yes, that's them.  They all seem to be here already…  and no wonder.  They look like they came together in a van with Professor Lupin! No one told me about this!" "They offered the option of flooing to a meeting place and coming by van from there when they sent us the permission forms.  We said we'd drive you.  It was simpler on our end.""Oh.  If you would just let me get a floo attached...""No." her mother answered firmly.  "We've been over this before."Her dad pulled in to the spot next to the van, and then climbed out, heading towards professor Lupin, her mum not far behind him.  Hermione scrambled out after them to find out what they thought they were doing, but they sent her off with the rest of the kids.  She drug her feet, glancing back often, but they were just introducing themselves and making inane small talk.  They were waiting for her to be out of earshot so they could interrogate him on her complaints about unfair grading, she just knew it.  Her mum gave her a look that said Honestly! Act your age! Enough stalling, scram!  Hermione scowled at her unhappily, but went over to join the group of kids gathered there on the waterside.   Their talk tapered off as she approached.  She looked at them all suspiciously."What's going on?""Nothing you'd been interested in." Ron informed her."Try me." "We were trying to design a working lightsaber." Seamus replied.Hermione rolled her eyes."Of course you were." "It's nearly time to leave.  You should get our pictures taken now that everyone is here." Tom interjected.  "Pictures?" she asked."To prove we really did community service.  One will go in each of our files.  We even made a sign." Dean explained."No one told me...and why aren't you going to be in it?" she asked Tom."That's what we're doing, and obviously Tom can't since he's fifty years out of time and not doing the expanded muggle studies anyway.  Professor Lupin is going to take the group shot, and then Colin is going to snap a few of us sorting garbage to round things out." Harry sighed."Line up, kids.  I think the captain is about ready to set sail." Remus called to them.The kids formed up in a group around the sign Dean produced that read "Grey Friars Academy.  International Baccalaureate Community Service Corps.  Summer, 1994"
For once, Colin was on the other side of the camera, helping hold up the sign, along with Dean and Seamus.
Professor Lupin snapped a couple of pictures and then took the sign.  "I'll get one more of you on the ship before you head out." "You kids just about ready to cast off?" one of the dockworkers asked."Yeah." They all hurried aboard the old boat they'd hired to take them up and down the river in sections over the next two weeks.  The captain was a half-deaf muggle who didn't care what they were doing, just that he got paid.  The Ministry had unobtrusively charmed him to be sure he continued to remain uncurious while they completed their project.
They all looked rather professional in their dark grey coveralls, with the crest of "Grey Friars Academy" on the breast.  They likely wouldn't remain so for long once the garbage started flowing.  Even with magic, it was likely to be a messy business.
The kids lined up and had a few more pictures taken as the port crew untied the boat and waved to Remus and Hermione's parents as they slowly moved out into the river.
Once they were underway, Colin turned to the rest of them curiously."I thought we were dredging the river?  Don't we need like, a scooper or something?" Tom Riddle shuddered in distaste and then fixed them all with a wry look.  "If you all really want to have river mud and garbage raining down on your heads, well, you're strange little creatures and probably shouldn't be allowed out by yourselves.  I don't care if anyone thinks it will make the muggles happy.  Most folks on the river aren't going to be paying any of us any mind.  The muggle driving the boat is old, half-deaf and not at all interested in what any of us are doing.  There's a thing I charmed up that's floating along down the river bed, sucking up anything that doesn't belong here--it will leave behind water, mud, weeds and any fish.  One corner of it will be sending garbage down into the hold of the boat so you can put on a good show of being good little school children performing a public service.  We'll have to sort it, bundle it and have it ready to be hauled off by truck at the end of the day.  Everything else is being sent directly to the landfill in the open space they left for us.  We'll be knee deep in garbage as it is, I have no intention of it dripping on my head as well, muggles or no bloody muggles." "Fair enough.  I wasn't actually looking forward to that part." Hannah laughed.  The rest of the kids could only agree.Many of them had never been on the river 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Magic and Science

fandom: 
None
