Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It's over. Stiles knows it the moment he's finished spouting the crap about some kids beating him up after the lacrosse game. His father's face is tight with controlled anger, his brows drawn together just so. It's a garishly blinking neon sign indicating that he's one breath away from seriously flipping his shit.  "You want to try that again?" he asks, dangerously nonchalant. "Because I was there, and a lot of things were happening during that power outage, but kids from the other team sneaking away to beat someone up wasn't one of them. Their coach made sure they were all accounted for." Stiles lowers his head, too tired to even swear. Instead, he looks at the wringing hands in his lap. "I ... I can't," he says quietly. "Just ... drop it, dad." The sheriff sits back and crosses his arms over his chest. "You're covering for someone." Since it isn't a question, Stiles only shrugs. "Is it that Hale boy?" "Dad-" "No, son." The sheriff glowers. "If you're covering for a suspected criminal, you have to tell me. This," he gestures at Stiles' face, voice rising a little, "is not a fucking joke." "I'm not, dad. I swear I'm not." "So it's your friends then. What have they done?" "Nothing! They didn't do anything!"  "Uh-huh." They stare at each other. The sheriff sits still, face mildly expectant but otherwise infuriatingly calm, while Stiles fidgets in subdued agitation.  "You know, I have got all night for this," John says after long, painful minutes. "I'm done with hearing your excuses and lies. I also don't care that you want to protect your friends by not telling me who did this to you. This ends, now." "Or what?" Stiles asks, rubbing at his tired eyes. "Will you take the jeep away? Cut me off from coffee? Ground me until I'm thirty?" "Tempting, but unnecessary. Since I'm the fuck- the damn sheriff in this town, I'll just do what I should've done long ago and find out for myself. Maybe I'll start with Scott. That boy can't lie for shit. After I'm through with him, I'm sure that Martin girl would like to share, or perhaps I should just go directly after Hale. My deputies saw him around town with teenagers from your group and you did accuse him of murder. No matter how harebrained your schemes, your instincts are usually pretty good." "Please don't," Stiles mumbles, exhausted. "I don't want you to ... " He falters. I don't want you get mauled by panicky werewolves. Or disembowled by Peter fucking Hale. Fuck. "Don't you think that enough bad things have happened already? All you have to do is spill, Stiles," his father says, uncrossing his arms and leaning forward. His expression softens and a warm half-smile makes Stiles' eyes tingle. "We'll make this right, okay? All of it. And the bastard who hurt you won't know what hit him." The thought of his dad squaring off with Gerard is the straw that breaks the camel's back. His insides clench at the imagined horror of the old man holding his dad at gunpoint. Forget werewolves, getting sliced open by crazed hunters is a hundred times worse. "You can't," Stiles mutters. He swipes at his watering eyes. "It's too ... oh my god, just no. You can't." Still, it's tempting, so very, very tempting. He can feel himself relax into the belief that his dad really can make things okay again. "I can and I will," John presses as if to cement that belief. "I have to. You're my son and I should've done something sooner." He catches Stiles' face in his hands and wipes the wetness from his cheeks. "I let you down, but no more. Alright? I'm here and we'll work it all out." Stiles can't help himself. He leans into the touch, his shoulders slumping and his resolve crumbling. He is also sobbing, but at this point he is beyond caring. His father holds him like a child and lets him cry and snot onto his shirt.  "Good grief, this is serious, isn't it?" John sighs. "I'm so sorry."  "N-not your fault," Stiles hiccoughs. He's vaguely aware that he's squeezing the air from his father's lungs but he can't help it. It feels too good to be close to him again, to know that they'll be even closer soon. Hopefully. After he's cried out, his dad hands him a packet of tissues and puts a tall glass of water in front of him. "Drink," he says. "It'll help." While Stiles nurses his water, John orders pizza and calls the station to let them know that he's got urgent family business to take care of. "You ordered a meat lovers," Stiles accuses upon his return to the kitchen, although it's half-hearted at best. His throat is simply too raw and swollen for proper chiding. "I'm pretty sure I'll need my strength," the sheriff quips. He pulls Stiles to his feet. "Let's get you cleaned up. If you need painkillers, just say the word." They set up camp in the bathroom where John carefully cleans and bandages Stiles' scrapes. Shoe-shaped bruises on Stiles' upper arms and chest lead to an investigation of his whole body and before Stiles can protest, his dad has found his smartphone from work and t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Spark Stiles Stilinski
Stiles-centric
BAMF John
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Lydia is a Good Friend
Banshee Lydia Martin
healing Peter Hale
Good Peter Hale
Shy Derek
healing Derek
BAMF Stiles (not immediately)
Tony adopts Stiles
because Stiles awesome
Derek has friends in New York
New York!
super slow burn
like glacial
Sorry Not Sorry
Way More Plot Than Porn
Lydia is a genius
Derek and Steve Rogers become friends
Sassy Tony
Scott is self-absorbed
Healthy Living
veganism
Vegetarianism
no beta I'm sorry

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

