Chapter 1: Thieves
    




Chapter Text
Odin was a fool. Loki followed Thor along the halls of the palace, surrounded by a phalanx of guards, his chains rattling softly as he walked. Odin was a fool, or possibly deluded by the sentimental belief that Loki needed little more than ceremonial restraints – that he would submit willingly to Asgard’s judgment. Loki was almost grateful for the muzzle, for it hid the smirk he couldn’t quite keep off his lips. The bindings on Loki’s restraints were almost laughably easy to work around: intended to block access to magic, and in truth he couldn’t sense the various magics around him as he was accustomed to, but nothing stopped him from tapping into the magic of the restraints themselves. He drew it to himself slowly, carefully; even if the honor guard was useless Thor might still notice the shifting flow of power. Might notice that Loki’s shoulders were beginning to tense from the rising pulses of pain the bindings shot into him. He slowed his pace, falling further behind Thor. He’d stepped away from his brother the moment they’d landed on the broken edge of the Bifrost, shaken off Thor’s hand when he tried to take Loki’s elbow: a show of petty defiance for Heimdall and the guards. And he’d glared at those guards who had stared at their fallen prince-turned-Jotun, letting the void show in his eyes, and now none of them could quite look at him. They were passing through a hall Loki knew well, although he’d rarely followed it as far as they intended to take him now. And he’d no plans to actually go that far today, either. Fully two steps behind Thor, protected from the guards’ scrutiny by Asgard’s fear of the imperfect, of things they did not understand, (of Jotun), he took a deep breath, lips shaping words of power – still hidden by the muzzle, the more fool Odin – and exhaled. He stepped to the side, dodging neatly between the pair of guards that brought up the tail of their little procession, and stopped walking. The group continued down the hall, Loki Odinson still trailing in his brother’s shadow, as always, exactly where everyone expected him to be. But Loki leaned against the wall, letting his smirk climb past the muzzle to his eyes. The bindings made the illusion cost more effort than he was used to; he actually had to concentrate to maintain both his double and the veil that hid him from prying eyes. But he’d been hiding from Heimdall since he was a child, and making illusory puppets to dance in his place for nearly as long. He half-closed his eyes, part of his mind following his double the rest of the long walk to the depths of the palace, to the small cell hidden behind an innocuous door at the very end of the hall. The one time, as a young boy, he had asked Odin about it, the king had scolded him for going places he shouldn’t have, and dodged his questions. Later, he’d found writings in the library that suggested the cell had once been meant to hold Odin himself, long ago when Bor had ruled and Odin had been Asgard’s trick-monger. It was not as meager as it could have been – let no one say Asgard treated its royal prisoners too harshly. Three short steps down into a stone chamber whose walls were covered with runes of binding and dampening, a cot at the far end and what could generously be called a desk and stool to one side. He walked his double into the cell, had it look around disdainfully. Thor stepped toward him – it – and Loki spun his image away, two quick steps across the cell, all haughty anger and bristles and a flat green glare over the muzzle. Thor opened his mouth as if to speak, then sighed heavily and closed it again, his shoulders slumping. “If that’s what you wish, brother,” he said quietly, and in a hall halfway across the palace Loki laughed despite the sharp rebuke from the muzzle’s magic. The double didn’t move, though, and after a minute Thor turned away and climbed the steps out of the cell. One more glance over his shoulder at the illusion – really, would he ever learn? – and then the guards slid closed the heavy door.The seals on the chamber broke his connection to his double immediately, and he imagined it vanishing in a shower of golden sparks behind the door. But it didn’t matter: there was no window in the door, no way to see inside. And no reason for anyone to open the door again until they came to fetch him for his audience – his trial – before Odin. Loki wasn’t sure how long that would be, but he didn’t need very long to do what he planned. Wrapping his veil more firmly around himself, now that he was no longer distracted by his double, Loki strode down a side hall, following servants’ paths through the palace until he reached the double doors of Odin’s treasury. Another simple illusion showed the guards their prince – the golden prince, the only true prince of Asgard – and they opened the doors without question. Only after the doors had closed again did Loki drop his veil, releasing the magic, and he couldn’t quite stop the si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Action/Adventure
Redemption
Drama
Trauma
Angst
How can you go home when you've burned all your bridges?
Torture
Implied Torture
Character Death

fandom: 
None
