Work Text:
Clint looks at the pictures every night before he goes to bed, so that he never,  ever forgets. There are only two, both Polaroids, and the edges are worn and cracked, though the pictures themselves are almost pristine. He never puts his fingers on the actual images; his eyes, so sharp, not missing a single detail, are the only things that touch them.In the first picture, a boy, maybe eight or nine years old, is bent over, gripping onto the wooden foot board of a bed. A man stands behind him, huge-looking hands gripping the boy's narrow hips. The shot was taken from the side, so it's easy to see where the man's cock disappears inside the boy's ass. The shot is low enough that the man's head is cut off, but the boy is facing the camera, face turned so that he's in three-quarter profile. He looks almost blank, except for the bright blue eyes that are a little too wide, a little too bright. The camera didn't catch the dried tears on his face, or the indents his fingernails had left in the wood, or the blood that slicked between his buttocks and down his thighs.The second picture is of the same boy and the same man. This time, the boy is kneeling between a man's legs as the man sits in a chair. This picture is taken from above, and the same man as before now has his cock crammed into the boy's mouth. From this close, it's easy to see the tears and snot and spit that cover the boy's face. He blue eyes are rimmed with red, and the imprint of a hand is beginning to rise on his cheek.Clint spends a full minute with each picture, looking at it, studying it, memorizing images seared into his mind long ago, remembering the pain and the terror. He has spent nearly every night for the past almost twenty years doing this—ever since Buck threw them at his feet when Clint said he was leaving, one last dig from a man who always felt he deserved more—to remind himself of how weak he was, how defenseless, and that he will never be that again, not even if it kills him.When the two minutes are over, Clint carefully slides the pictures back into the envelope he keeps them in, then tucks it away on the bottom a small box full of useless crap, and then puts that box into a drawer, among even more useless crap. Then he finishes stripping off his clothes, turns off the lights, and gets into bed.

~*~
He isn't expecting to walk in to the kitchen to find the other five Avengers sitting around the table, glaring at him. The silence isn't only oppressive, it's hateful, and if looks could kill, Clint would be thirty feet under. They're mad at him, he realizes instantly, really mad at him, and he wracks his brain, trying to think of what he's done. He knows he hasn't screw up in the last few missions, and he can't think of anything else he's done, but the look Natasha is giving him makes him break out in a cold sweat, and the look on Steve's face can only be described as complete and utter loathing. Thor is a tempest just waiting to be unleashed, Tony is nothing but cold rage, and Bruce is gripping the edge of the table in an obvious effort not to Hulk out. "What's going on?" he asks cautiously.At first, no one moves. Then Tony does, throwing something onto the table. "What the fuck, Barton?!" he snarls, and Clint thinks the only thing that keeps Tony from hurling himself across the table at him is Steve's sudden grip on his shoulder. Clint looks down at the table and freezes. For a moment, he's truly convinced that his heart has stopped and that he's forgotten how to breathe, because looking up at him from the table are two very familiar Polaroids.They know. Oh, God, they know. The horror and terror of the thought washed over him, and for the first time in a very long time, Clint doesn't know what to do. His traitorous body takes no more than a half-second to start working again, though now his heart is hammering wildly in his chest, and his breath keeps clicking in his throat. He can't look up at them as he asks, "How did you get those?"So they are yours." Steve sounds so sad, so devastated, that all Clint can do is nod. Bruce makes a sound and flees the room, heading away from Clint as fast as he can."Did you think we wouldn't find out?" Natasha asks, voice icy cold, colder than Clint has ever heard it before, even when she's in full assassin mode."I had hoped you wouldn't," he says honestly, because he really hadn't, and at this point, there's no point trying to lie.Thor sighs, a great, heavy, ponderous movement of air. "A true warrior does not act in such a way. I am ashamed that I called you my shield-brother. Whatever bonds we had...they are no more."Clint just nods again. That Thor wouldn't want to associate with him after what he'd done isn't surprising, but it hurts more than Clint had expected it to. The terrible, humiliating burn of tears is starting, but he will not cry in front of him. He has enough self-control to do that much."Am I off the team?" he asks dully.The silence is awful, and Steve's frustrated sigh is 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Child Abuse
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Misunderstandings
Depression
Angst
Suicidal Thoughts
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
None
