Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter tugged his scarf tighter around his neck as he hurried back to his apartment. The wind was relentless, stinging painfully against his face and burning his lungs. The weather wasn’t supposed to get bad until the next morning, but the reports were proving to be wrong. The snow had already started to lay on the ground, making the rush home from work treacherous. He had already almost slipped on the icy sidewalk a few times, but thanks to his enhanced reflexes, he had managed to avoid any actual spills. He had wanted to leave over an hour ago, but his boss had been breathing down his neck all week and had shot glares in his direction any time Peter even glanced towards the door. He cursed himself for leaving his web slingers at home that morning; if he had brought them, he could have avoided walking on the slick walkways and would have been home already. The thought of his warm apartment made him push his glasses up further and duck his head against the wind to walk a little faster. Almost there. I’m going to have the world’s biggest cup of hot chocolate when I get home. Maybe I’ll just make it in a popcorn bowl. Peter tried to block out the blizzard swirling around him, but a crash in an alley made his pace falter. The Spider-Man portion of his brain instinctively thought someone might be in danger, but after a quick scan around the area, he saw nothing. Not every noise in this city is the start of some fight or crime. He pulled his scarf over his chin and began to set off again, but another crash echoed out and was followed by a muffled yelp. Peter ached for the warmth of his apartment, so close that he could be out of the weather within minutes. If he had been any other citizen in the city, he could have pushed the noises out of his mind and kept to himself. Sometimes he wished he could go back to the days of minding his own business while walking down the street, but that felt wrong to do now. He might not have his Spider-Man costume on, but this didn’t seem like a situation where it would be needed. There were no indications that it was anything shady; it sounded more like someone had wandered off and gotten lost after drinking or possibly a homeless person searching for food. He didn’t need to be Spider-Man to be a decent human being. Besides, if this somehow escalated into something dangerous, his spidey-sense would come to the rescue and it had remained quiet so far. “Hello?” Peter called out, keeping his voice down because of the hour. “Are you alright over there?” A wooden moving pallet fell over on its side at the end of the alley with a loud bang. It had been standing upright beside a dumpster, but when it fell, it knocked over some cardboard boxes and plastic tarps with it. There was a faint rush of angry muttering that ended in a noise that seemed more like a childish whine than anything else. Peter couldn’t go back to his apartment and pretend he hadn’t noticed this. It was too cold outside in the snow for someone to safely sleep here. He wasn’t sure what his plan of action would be, but he knew he had to help them somehow. Peter slowly walked to the back of the alley, keeping his footsteps even and audible enough that the person wouldn’t be startled or threatened. “I’m not going to hurt you. I just want to help. Can you come out here and talk to me?” “We know him!” The voice said in an excited whisper. The person sounded vaguely familiar, but Peter couldn’t quite place it. He stopped a couple of feet away and waited. There was a lot of shuffling and some cursing, but finally the dented box on the top of the collapsed pile flew off. A figure pulled themselves out of the mess and shook themselves off like a wet dog. “You’re not Spidey,” the man wagged his finger and shook his head. Peter’s eyes widened. He should have known; that voice had a habit of not shutting up whenever they worked together, but that hadn’t happened in a few months. The man stood and stared back at Peter with his head tilted to the side in confusion. His red and black suit was ripped and bloodied, exposing the skin underneath. His ever present mask stared back at him without a sound and Peter realized he was waiting for a response. “I’m Peter,” he announced, immediately beating himself over the head in his mind for giving the mercenary his real name. He had no intentions of revealing that he was in fact Spider-Man, but it was still probably not the smartest idea to give out real information to someone like Deadpool. Deadpool’s masked eyes somehow narrowed. Peter had never been able to quite figure out how he was able to show so much expression behind a mask. He knew a normal person would run away at the sight of the notorious merc, but he couldn’t bring himself to pretend to be afraid. Peter actually liked spending time with him whenever the two of them worked together. “You sound like one of my friends. I thought you were him,” Deadpool told him. Explaining himself was something the merc rare
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Angst
Homelessness
Fluff
Eventual Smut
Snowed In
Awkward Romance
Friends to Lovers
Depression
Secrets
Sexual Tension

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

