Work Text:

616

"Steve. Steve!" 
It was supposed to be a routine raid, as much as any Avengers action could ever be considered routine. Quick in-and-out, just how Tony liked it; some spinoff of AIM that hadn't gone to the island, but was instead supposedly stockpiling Gamma weapons in the southwest. Why was it always the southwest, with Gamma bullshit? The old bomb tests, that was understandable, but since then Hulk and the Leader and anyone obsessed with Gamma radiation always seemed to gravitate to New Mexico. 
"Captain America, respond, or so help me Thor I will find you and drag you out of there by your ankle," Tony warned. 
He'd thought the raid was a little beneath him, to be honest, beneath them -- let some of the junior members of the team get some practice in -- but then everything had gone to hell. Fifteen hulks had come bursting out of the villainous lair, and while they weren't quite up to Bruce's Hulk standard, fifteen hulks was still fifteen hulks. By the time Tony determined their gamma transformation was being controlled by a radio signal and jammed it, Carol had been punched through a mountain, Natasha was limping, Sam was grounded, and Steve had stopped responding. He was down there in the wreckage somewhere, and Tony flew in circles over it, scanning for signs of life -- heat, movement, anything.
"Ah, gotcha," he muttered, as something moved in one of the nearly-undamaged chambers -- it no longer had a roof, but was otherwise whole. He touched down and flipped up his faceplate. "Hey, Rogers, come on -- "
"Tony?" a voice called, Steve's voice, but incredulous, full of confusion. Tony shifted aside a heap of roof tiles, concerned now, and looked down at Steve Rogers -- shrunken, sharp-faced, staring up at him bewilderedly. 
"Oh, god, they got to the Serum," he breathed. "Look, it's okay, most of their notes are intact -- "
"What are you talking about?" Steve asked, standing up, rubbing one leg awkwardly, the one that had been under all the roof tiles. "Where are we? It's like a million degrees here."
Tony blinked at him. "New Mexico."
Steve swore. "Again? I swear I'm gonna punch Thor in his big benevolent face -- "
"Steve, you're..." Tony gestured at him, because he didn't seem to have noticed he'd shrunk. "Uh, let's worry about Thor later, right now we need to get you looked...at..."
He realized, with slow horror, that this wasn't Steve.
Well, it was Steve, he'd seen Steve without the serum before and this was clearly Steve, but he was wearing a SHIELD tactical suit, and he never wore those. This morning when they'd suited up, Steve had been in his Commander Rogers uniform, better for stealth infiltrations. The tac-suit was fitted to his small frame as if it had been tailored for it, and there was no sign of the shield. And Tony realized his face looked different -- it was narrow and thin, but not shrunken or pinched as Steve's had been the last time he'd lost the serum -- 
"Tony, what the sam hill are you doing?" a voice asked behind him. Steve's voice. "My radio's busted, who are you talking to? You keep saying my -- " 
Tony just stepped to one side. He turned and saw Steve, their Steve, the proper Steve, stop dead in his tracks as he took in the other Steve. The pair of them stared at each other for a long moment. Then as one, they turned to Tony. 
"So, this is interesting," Tony observed.
***
"Look, I don't know what to tell you," Steve said, for what felt like the hundredth time, sitting in a SHIELD transport on its way back to New York. The other Steve, the much bigger, brawnier, impossibly muscular Steve, was watching him from the other end of the jet, about as far away as he could be. This strange, slightly off-kilter, vaguely taller Tony was sitting a little too close for comfort. "I was in the Baxter Building, helping with an experiment -- "
"Was I there?" Tony asked.
"Yeah, you and Reed...do you have a Reed Richards?" Steve asked hesitantly.
"For our sins, yes," Tony said. 
"You -- they -- were working on something, I was just there because SHIELD wanted an observer there -- "
"So you work for SHIELD?"
"Yes, I'm a supervisory agent." 
"This is really interesting. Go on." 
"They were doing fine and then there was a flash of light, and boom, I'm in New Mexico."
"It's possible that's because our Steve was there," Tony said, nodding at the other Steve. 
"He's freaked out, huh?" Steve asked softly. 
"I've never seen him react this way," Tony said. "He's lost the Serum before -- "
"You keep talking about this serum. What serum?" 
"You never had the serum?" Tony asked. 
"Not that I know of."
"When were you born?"
Steve narrowed his eyes. "1988." 
"Wow." 
"Gettin' a little tired of being the one giving all the answers," Steve said pointedly. 
"Okay, the thing is, I literally have no answers for you. This is really and truly fascinating but I don't know what other-me was up to or why you ended up here," Tony said. "So we're gonna take you to the Baxter Building and -- "
"See if anything 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
De-Serumed Steve Rogers
Realm Hopping
Possible Hallucinations

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

