Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The moments in his life where Tony has felt truly content are few and far between, as if happiness, intent on giving him a wide berth, occasionally slips up and he stumbles onto it by accident before it eludes him once more.If he lets himself, he can recall being four, holding his first circuit board and basking in his father's then proud gaze, or those peaceful mornings where he had sat next to his mother on the sofa, curled into her side, feeling her breathe and never once imagining that one day she would stop. More recent are the memories of flying as Iron Man for the first time, soaring higher and higher to the symphony of AC/DC and his own unfettered laughter, and of Pepper's arms around him, relief swimming in her wet eyes when he told her he was no longer dying from palladium poisoning.Those moments, as close to joy as they had brought him, feel like mere shadows in the wake of what blindsides him when he flippantly takes Captain America's hand. The greeting at the tip of his tongue fizzles away. His thoughts fade like dying whispers.Sometime later, Pepper will ask him what Bonding felt like and he won't be able to explain. Tony isn't a poet unless it comes to his creations, the majority of his speeches are as convoluted as he is and so, the right words will escape him. The most he'll manage to tell her after several glasses of whiskey is how something inside of him has shifted, maybe vanishing away or maybe fixing itself, but whatever it is, Tony knows on some level that he is, like after Afghanistan all over again, an irrevocably changed man.In that instance, he feels his chest tighten and his skin tingle. He is falling or maybe defying gravity or breaking apart or becoming whole for the first time ever. He is burning and it doesn't hurt, this fierce fire, this cool fire makes his blood sing with the serene hum of Zen gardens. He is an unstable atom spilling out energy erratically and he is the vibranium in his arc reactor that keeps him alive, solid, strong, unyielding. He is, he is, he is -but then his eyes open - when did he close them? - and everything is churning inside of him and all Tony can think is, shit, no, fuckfuckfuck, no fucking way. (It is, first and foremost, a clear indication that there's something wrong with him, if that's all he can think in the middle of what should be the greatest moment in his life.)He inhales sharply like it's his first breath in days, pulling his hand away, ignoring how Rogers' fingers try to follow."Tony," Rogers whispers, sounding breathless. It's so terribly intimate, so full of wonder, that it belongs not in the stale air of a SHIELD briefing room but in the darkness of a bedroom, beneath silky sheets. Tony finds himself jerking backwards. He deals in machines and numbers and sex that means little more than physical gratification; the way Rogers is looking at him right now is alien, undeserving, and he doesn't understand it.He hisses out like a cornered animal, "no, no, I don't think so, Captain, you're not getting anything from me," and watches some of the joy in Rogers' face seep out. Vaguely, Tony notices Romanoff again, standing behind Rogers as if his barely stirring shadow, a tiny frown on her face instead of that coolly appraising expression she favours. Tony hurriedly puts on his sunglasses, clinging to what little protection it offers him, too shaken to care that he's hiding and exposing himself in one move. The meeting hasn't even begun yet, but it's time to leave, he decides, time to have a drink or three or until he loses consciousness. "I think," he says, slowly, warningly, "it's best if we all just pretend nothing happened here."Rogers stares at him, wide-eyed, and Tony makes himself look away first just to prove that he can and that he can do it easily. It feels like a sharp sting, like ripping off the plaster from a wound. He makes sure to glance around, so that everyone knows he's not talking solely to the good Captain.Bonding doesn't have to change anything. Tony Stark doesn't adhere to those rules anymore. (The terrible truth, of course, is that he can't, really, being the broken, miserable thing that he is.)"Stark," Fury begins, always with that heavy gravity to his voice."This didn't happen," Tony repeats, barely stifling a shout. They all know that, the first chance he gets, he is going to hack into SHIELD's system and get rid of the camera footage.Tony shakes his head and briskly heads for the door, grappling for a confidence he doesn't feel. He is unflappable, he tells himself because he's good at lying to himself, he is Tony Stark and he is unflappable even when an impossibility becomes reality. Coulson takes a step forward to intercept. Tony doesn't know what Coulson sees on his face (doesn't want to know even more) but whatever it is, it makes the agent rethink his intentions.Tony says, "I have things to do. Lots of things. Absolute shitload. Don't know when I'll be free again, sorry, bye," and disap
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Angst
Dom/sub
Soul Bond
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Abuse
Punishment
Kink Negotiation
Slow Build
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark

