Work Text:
Steve doesn’t scream when he falls. +“Barnes, you need to slow down and think. The Winter Soldier is not your friend. He’s not even an asset. He’s a goddamned loose cannon and half the covert ops divisions in the world want to put him down.”“He’s Steve. Don’t you see? He’s Steve. He’s the real Captain America.”“You are the only man on the planet who remembers a time when that was true.” Bucky sits down. He cannot be the only one. Steve knows. Steve will remember, when he was a chorus boy and when he was a hero. +Bucky doesn’t remember Steve falling. He remembers the train journey and he remembers the futile search in the valley below. He remembers being flung through a hole in the carriage wall and he remembers preparing to die. Except-Except Steve reached out and grabbed Bucky by the wrist and hurled him back into the carriage. Bucky remembers cradling his wrist and waiting for Steve and waiting and the train hurtled on even though Steve had fallen. Bucky remembers when Steve was a chorus boy and when he was a hero.+There is a funeral for Captain Steven Rogers. It is brief, between briefings, and Colonel Phillips reads that greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends and Bucky and Peggy drink to Steve in a bombed-out pub and Bucky never listened to what the priest said in Mass and he’s not about to start now. Except-Except that he listened. Great love, greater love, greatest love.+The Winter Soldier is apprehended. He still cannot talk to women. Natasha says he has other strengths and she wipes her bloodstained mouth. Bruce is not that kind of doctor but he looks at the strength and the blend of anaesthetic agents used to keep the Winter Soldier under and he blanches. He says that it’s enough to keep the Hulk down, give or take a milligram per milliletre or so. Bucky’s fingertips rest on the reinforced glass window of the Winter Soldier’s cell, or hospital room. His throat is dry. “What happened to his arm?” he asks. “I don’t know, Cap,” says Natasha. “I can’t remember a time when he was anything other than he is.”Bucky is afraid to ask what he is.+Steve Rogers was a good man. Bucky Barnes cannot claim the same. He wants to kill Schmidt. One hasty promotion later and he is talked into wearing Steve’s uniform, into carrying the shield, into putting a flickeringly brief fear of god into Schmidt that Captain America is not dead or that Erskine’s formula lives on and there is a whole army of super soldiers. Bucky Barnes knows that he is no super soldier. He knows enough that he has to crash the plane. There’ll be no weeping for him. No one cries for orphans. He will bury the plane in the Arctic.Peggy is on the end of the line. Her voice is calm and steady. Bucky is wistful. He tells her they were supposed to go dancing, at the end of the war. Peggy’s laugh is harsh and hiccuping but she can’t be crying for Bucky. No one cries for orphans. She tells him that they can still go dancing.There is a line, he is sure, about finding the right partner, and he is wearing the red, white and blue of a hero and he says he’ll show her a good time.It sounds like a sob, now, but he can hear Peggy’s attempt at a smile. “You’d better, Captain,” she says. “And don’t dare be late.”The sun splinters off the sheets of ice beneath him and before the collision, Bucky remembers that Steve’s smile was dazzling. +The Winter Soldier is perfection. American steel tempered and twisted by Russian innovation. He looks like a statue, pale skin and golden hair. His smile never reaches his eyes. They say he moves like he could be in the Bolshoi, or the Soviet Army, or the KGB. They say that you don’t know he’s there until the garotte wire is around your throat and sometimes, even then, you can’t be sure. They say he has the strength of ten men. They say the Black Widow is besotted. There is a furling black and white photograph, singed around the edges. There is the Bronze Horseman and there is snow, thick on the ground. A man. A woman. He is tall and he has a bottle of vodka in one gloved hand. His arm is draped around the shoulders of the woman, who is laughing up at him. They might be in love. (Just out of shot, there is a man. A woman. A diplomat and his mistress. There is blood, thick on the ground.)+“It’s not your fault.” “I know you think so, Tony, but I didn’t save him.”“You couldn’t save him.” Tony’s frustrated and so is Bucky. Heroes cannot be saved. +When Bucky emerges from the ice, the world is a painfully different place. He doesn’t know how he survived. Clint Barton asks if he swapped any bodily fluids with the first Captain America. Bucky punches him and then takes the shield. Clint’s face cracks into a bloody grin. “I think I’m gonna like you, Bucky-Cap.” Bucky doesn’t know what to make of him, any more than he knows what to make of Tony Stark or Natasha Romanov or Bruce Banner or alien gods that fall from the sky. He thinks he’s got the measure of Phil Coulson, until he dies, as all
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Steve Rogers is the Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Is Captain America

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

