Chapter 1



Notes:
So, I finished writing the first part of the series within a series that 107 will become, needed a slight break from that universe and decided to get out the beginning of one of the other ideas I've had, which should turn some of the tables a bit.I should add that this story will lift some action and dialogue straight from the films (which I obviously don't own), but I have tried to keep the known stuff to a minimum.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

"We can try again, I suppose."

"No, we cannot. The Asset almost broke the programming several times. Keeping him off ice without the option of wiping him for that many months another time could prove disastrous."


***
"Mr. Stark."Oh, shit. Tony knew that tone. That tone meant it was at least the fifth time Potts had said his name and that he was in for some serious passive aggressive efficiency. For a moment, he considered staying where he was. But then it would only get worse later, and JARVIS had a disturbing tendency to take Potts's side. Tony rolled his eyes, then pushed his creeper back out from under the car, grabbed a rag to wipe his hands down and put on a grin. "Hey, Potts, what's up?" The incessant tapping of Potts's stilettos made Tony's gaze zoom in on them, follow their sleek lines up long, perfectly formed legs, an impeccable skirt suit and-- What the ever-loving fuck? "Potts, is that a small human? Please tell me you didn't bring a small human into the 'shop. No small humans allowed in the 'shop. Where did you get the small human anyway?"Potts raised a perfectly formed eyebrow. She was holding the small human away from her a little, as though it was a very small, slightly dirty bag of potatoes. "The 'small human' is a he. I think. And we call them babies these days." She paused a moment, and something about her gaze was disconcerting, the way it always was when she was about to tell him something she knew he wasn't going to like, something game-changing. Exactly like that, just about a hundred times worse. "Tony, he was in a basket outside the front door.""Wait." Tony frowned, pushing himself to his feet. "What? I didn't order a small human delivery. Sorry. Baby." Even so, he could feel panic begin to well up inside him, icy and disorienting because, no, just no, there was absolutely no way. He was careful. He was always, always careful to make sure not to order any small human deliveries. "JARVIS, who brought short stuff? Did you get a plate, or something? I'd like to call them and ask them to come pick their progeny back up.""I apologize, Sir," JARVIS said. "Approximately fifty-seven minutes ago, my systems went offline for two minutes and twenty-five seconds. The baby must've arrived on the premises during that window. I have no record of anyone entering or exiting."Tony frowned, felt another sliver of panic break through before he squashed it down. Okay, someone was trying to, well, get money from him, probably. They'd put the small human here, hoping Tony would get attached, and then they'd come and claim it back and demand money, hoping Tony would like the thing enough to pay up even after the paternity tests came back negative. "You're supposed to tell me when you have a malfunction, JAY," he said. "That's part of your programming. I specifically remember making that part of your programming.""You did, Sir," JARVIS said. "And I did try to inform you. I can only presume you weren't listening.""Tony," Potts said, and there was even more passive aggressive exasperation in there now. "Can we deal with the fact that someone literally left a baby on your doorstep now, please?"Tony ran a hand over his face, and fuck, it was shaking, wasn't it? "I don't." He stopped, cleared his throat. "What do you usually do when... babies are left on your doorstep?""Call child protective services," Potts said. "And order a paternity test.""Jesus fucking Christ." Tony groaned, gave his own hair a good tug. "No, there's. There's no way. There's absolutely no way. I use protection. I always use protection.""Well, condoms aren't a hundred per cent," Potts said, voice going firm but gentle, in that way she always used when she was 'managing him'. Didn't make Tony feel one bit better. "They're... JARVIS?""Ninety-eight per cent effective when new, whole and used correctly, Ms. Potts," JARVIS replied.Potts cocked an eyebrow at him.Tony sucked in a sharp breath, raked his fingers the rest of the way through his hair until it was falling into his eyes. It shouldn't be so fucking hard to breathe. He had never tended towards panic attacks, but hey, small human who may or may not contain a portion of his genetic material. He was allowed a bit of a nervous breakdown. "I need a drink," he said, pulling his t-shirt down to cover the sliver of skin where it had ridden up his stomach under the car, and headed up the stairs and straight for the bar. By some exercise of will he hadn't quite realized he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied Mpreg
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Parent Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Kid Fic
Medical Procedures
Child Abuse (not by any of the main characters)
Medical Experimentation
Medical Experimentation On a Child
Non-Consensual Pregnancy
Non-Consensual Body Modification
not as dark as it sounds
heed the warnings though
(brief) Extremis
Tony Stark-centric
Iron Man 1
Canon Divergence: Iron Man 1
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 3
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
Pro-Accords
Civil War Team Iron Man
taking the scenic route to Winter Iron

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

