Work Text:
They have two days, and everyone's getting kind of twitchy.Of course, Steve’s been here long enough to know that 'twitchy,' in SHIELD, is basically just raising their eyebrows slightly. Maybe their expression gets pinched, or they suddenly develop a nervous tick.But Coulson- ineffable, brilliant, clean-cut calm Phil Coulson- delivers it with a carefully managed expression and squared shoulders."Forty one hours, two and a half minutes." Coulson says. "The entire eastern seaboard is going to go down if we don't get Loki to talk."Clint doesn't glance up from where he's fiddling with his arrows, but they all know he's paying close attention. "Have I ever told you how good you are at pep talks, sir?"Coulson doesn't answer. Instead, he flips on the screen that connects to the next room over.On the screen, Maria is halfway through a sentence, on the tail-end of a threat, when Loki interrupts her."It is out of my hands now, Agent Hill."Maria doesn’t even pause. “Are you saying you can’t stop it?”Loki’s smiling that smug, tiny smile that curls at the edges. “Not if I tried. This is ancient Asgardian magic, Agent Hill, it can’t be stopped once it has been cast.”“Wanna bet on that?” Fury is glaring, but it’s kind of his default setting whenever Loki’s involved. He has his hands folded behind his back, and they’re getting tighter with every minute that passes- Steve knows the feeling, how he can almost feel the clock thumping at the back of his throat, reminding him how truly screwed they all are.Loki’s smile, if anything, widens. “Gladly, Director. Have you found out what it is yet?”“Not yet.”“You should hurry. Something tells me even SHIELD cannot evacuate the entire eastern seaboard in the time I have given you.”Maria’s jaw tightens, but Fury doesn’t even blink. “And something tells me that this won’t work out for you if the curse does start taking effect. It’d be a shame to stain that pretty cape of yours.”The smug smile turns into a shit-eating grin. “I am merely helping your team, Director. If this curse starts to come down on anyone, rest assured that it is entirely their own fault.”Tony rolls his eyes at Steve before leaning forwards and pressing his finger against the speaker.His voice comes through the speakers in the camera: “Sounds awesome, reindeer-games. And what the fuck is that supposed to mean?”Loki glances into the camera, and inclines his hand slightly in a half-wave. “Good to hear from you again, Stark.”“Uh-huh,” Tony says into the speaker, propping his elbows up on the desk. “Well, personally, I love to see that goshdarn purty face when you’re not bent on mass genocide. Oh, wait.”“Not the time, Stark,” Fury says, still not looking away from Loki.Loki hmm-s softly before letting his fingers drum against the table in an all-too human gesture that Steve hasn’t seen him do before. “This curse- it is designed to make the one it focuses on… happier.”“My team is going to be happier if half of America gets wiped out?”“I should hope so, this country aggravates me above most others on this wretched planet,” Loki says. “And again, not your whole team. The curse fixates on but one. It all links back to the one, and said person is the sole one who can stop your precious citizens from being brutally slaughtered, whether they know how or not.”“But no pressure,” Tony says, and Steve resists the urge to grin, because of course Tony could piss Fury off more than Loki ever could.Loki’s laugh is lilting, quiet, almost lyrical. “Indeed.”Steve taps Tony’s shoulder, and tries not to notice how Tony moves away from the speaker without arguing.He looks at the camera, where Loki is still smiling.“And who’s this person? The one who can stop it?”Loki laughs again, and this time, it grates on his ears. “Who else? You, Captain, of course. It all ties back to you.”“No pressure,” Natasha says from beside him, and Tony elbows her.Steve wets his lips. “Why-”“Yours was the most prominent,” Loki cuts him off. “It gravitates towards the people with the largest pull.”“The largest pu- what? What was most prominent?”Behind him, he can practically feel Coulson’s glare at Clint and Tony warning them to not make any dick jokes.Loki, however, just looks at the camera like he can see him. Heck, maybe he can. “Your want, Captain. This magic, it clawed its way into your mind. Into your... deepest, darkest wishes. Your want outshone everyone else’s, and the magic latched onto it.”Steve glances back and half expects everyone to be staring at him- there are a few glances, but other than that, the avengers focus on the screen.“Dandy,” Steve says, turning back. “How the hell am I supposed to stop the curse?”“That is up to you to figure out. This magic is triggered by the want being left untouched- two days, and millions of people will die unless you fulfil it. Tell me, Captain,” Loki says, and his smile is like fucking barbed wire crawling up Steve’s throat, “what do you want most in the world?”-Thirty-nine hours left, and no-one has said 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
loki's a little shit
and totally ships steve/tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

