Chapter 1: 99% Certain These Songs will be the end of Me
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
-///- <www.Tumblr.com/TheAVENGERS-NEW-POP-SENSATION/going-on-tour>

Look out for the New Pop Sensation: The Avengers!


The Avengers were just a nobody pop group a few years ago with less than one album on the racks, but their recent success has proved to millions of fans that hard work and dedication can really shoot you forward. Just look at them now! Tony Stark: lead singer and guitarist says it’s all thanks to an amazing team of dedicated fans and a love of music none of them could deny.

The band consists of Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Clint Barton, Natasha Romanoff, Bruce Banner, Wanda Maximoff, Pietro Maximoff and Thor Odinson - perhaps a big group of people for only one band, but you have to agree they make the best music nowadays. Sold out in all fifty states, the Avengers go on tour next spring, starting in the hometown of guitarist and singer Steve Rogers; New York.

The band has been dubbed ‘the S Club Seven’ of the 2015 and will surely be around for years to come with this years ‘Avengers Assemble!’ hitting Number one in eleven different countries around the world and in all fifty states. The band has hundreds of fangirls (and boys) all over the world and the group say they will be releasing world tour dates at the end of their state tour next year.

For more information on the Avengers and their perfect career, subscribe to our blog and get all the latest top gossip on the group. Is Clint Barton really dating Natasha Romanoff? Is Tony the bad boy he makes himself out to be or just sweet on the band's manager: Pepper Pott’s? Find out the answer to these and so many more questions right here! Remember to like and reblog! Tour dates available in the link below (x)
 -///- It’s not that Bucky hates the Avengers. He’s got nothing against them as people. He doesn’t even know them as people, so it’s not like he even could have anything against them, even if he was a follower of their crazy fangirl cult (which he is not - one hundred percent not in their crazy fangirl cult because seriously those girls - and guys - are freakin’ scary. He’s ninety-nine percent certain that some of them have weird cult gatherings where they sacrifice good classic music to the accent music gods for their awful crazy pop group. He’s ninety-nine percent certain; that’s how crazy they are).But he doesn’t hate them. Not in the traditional sense. His Ma always said ‘save words like hate and love for when you mean them’ and he always has. He’s never hated anyone he didn’t know well enough to make that judgment upon, not once in his life. He didn’t even hate the people who were shooting at him out there in Afghanistan, and he’d lost some close friends to those creeps as well as his left arm. His ideology always remained the same though: how could he hate them? He was certain he’d killed plenty of their friends as well.So he doesn’t hate the Avengers, that’s not the problem - there’s not even really a problem at all. More of a weak annoyance, like a fly buzzing in your ear. It’s nothing at first - but it gets old pretty quickly - probably be easily solved by batting it away with your hand.Problem is this fly just won’t go away.He would just like to be able to go into one cafe without ‘Save the World’ being played through the sound system, lighting up the background of his world in a pattern of hard red spikes of irritation. He would just like to go into one supermarket where ‘Avengers Assemble’ isn’t bombarding him from the crappy white speakers knocked into the corners of the ceiling. He would just like to be able to tune into one radio station without ‘Asgard’ wrapping it’s catchy tune around the inside of his car.It’s not that he hates the Avengers.He just really really doesn’t like them.He almost flipped out entirely when his niece got into them. He loves Becca’s kid to pieces, there’s no denying that, but the fact that she hums all their songs (mainly ‘the First Avenger’) like keeping up the tune is something necessary, like the notes hold the same necessity as breathing: well, he’s a damn good uncle not to threaten to leave the family if her mum doesn’t start teaching her not to get involved with bands like this - if she doesn’t learn some classic Nirvana sometime soon Bucky’s going to hit something (Not her, never her. Just something. He would say he’d go back and join his gym and take a  few goes at the punching bags but hey guess what his gym likes to play through the sound speakers every. Fucking. Day.)Each time he thinks they’ll fade away they don’t. Each time he thinks they’ll fizzle out of everyone's memories, guess what? They bring out some new, even catchier album that he’s forced to listen to over and over. It’s his own personal tormented hell and they’re the fire that keeps flaring up no matter how much water he pours over the flames (and he’s almost ninety-nine perce
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Past Bucky Barnes/Brock Rumlow
band au
Humor
Fluff
Avengers hate club
Pop star Steve
Bucky: long suffering uncle
Meet-Cute
First Meeting
First Kiss
Bucky has been treated bad by people before
and Steve is a ray of sunshine in his life
too bad the Avengers make crappy music instead of saving the world
Pop Star AU
A tiny little bit of angst in later chapters
and I guess in this one
background: Brock rumlow/sinthea schidt
A few references to Matt Murdock and Foggy Nelson because how could I /not/
Bucky can't make cake
Meeting the Family
Meeting Becca
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Misunderstandings
brock is a dick
Star Wars References
Paranoia
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve being a bit of a little shit
But also wonderful

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

