Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hey fuckhead, why won't you talk to me?”Bucky ducked his head, trying to pull further into his coat. Invisible, quiet, so silent, can't see me so you can't fight me.“You retarded or something?”“Yeah, he is.” Great, Asshole Number One had a friend.“Hey, fuckin' say something!” And another friend. How did these people have friends? Bucky stumbled forward as someone shoved him, and he turned the motion into a smooth twist, turning to stand with his back to the wall, bag safely behind him. He raised an eyebrow. One against three wasn't great odds, but as he was thinking he could at least get away, the first fist crashed into his jaw.He reeled a little, but recovered quickly, and gave at least as good as he got. No one ever expected the quiet dude to fight back, so he had a few seconds of surprise on his side, at least.“Hey, leave him alone!” And then there was another body fighting beside him, decking Asshole Number One while Bucky kicked out, catching one of his buddies in the knee and causing him to howl.He glanced over, and almost stumbled when he saw who it was. The being Bucky had more or less immediately nicknamed Hot Tattooed Guy when he first saw him a month ago was busy grabbing Asshole by the scruff of his neck and bodily flinging him away.Hot Tattooed Guy spent his days – or at least, large parts of them -- at Bucky's favorite coffeeshop. Hot Tattooed Guy had featured very, very strongly in Bucky's daydreams since he'd started arriving about a month ago. He was tall and gorgeous and heavily inked. And very good at punching.Less good at situational awareness, though. He'd turned around and was grinning at Bucky, asking if he was okay, and the third guy was walking up behind him, a chunk of wood in his hand. Bucky gestured to his rescuer to duck, and luckily the guy did – allowing Bucky to execute an absolutely perfect haymaker, and send the third guy running.“Nice,” HTG said, and frowned, reaching out. “Hey, you're hurt.”Bucky prodded at his own jaw and winced, then wiped his mouth on the back of his hand and checked – blood, though not much. He shrugged.“No, man, that looks painful.” Oh God. It wasn't enough that he was six foot tall and built like a brick shithouse and regularly ordered pour-overs. No, he had to be kind and friendly too. He just had to be the type to join in on a street fight, and then offer to bring the other guy home and put frozen peas on his face. Which is exactly what he was doing just then.Bucky hesitated, and then pulled out his phone, holding it so the guy could see the screen, and swiping it open to a text program.
are you ok? did they get you?
“Nothing worth mentioning. Hey, you hang out at Avengers Café, don't you?”Bucky nodded, and tried to smile, but his face sort of really did hurt. yeah. you too, right“Yeah. I'm Steve by the way. Hey, look, seriously, I don't live far off, and you should get some cold on that. Please? I promise I'm not a serial killer.”exactly what a serial killer would say. He paused typing, and enjoyed Steve snickering. I'm Bucky by the way. and ok, if you promise it's no trouble. thanks btw. I didn't say that yet.“Always my pleasure to beat up dickheads,” Steve said firmly. “I heard what they were saying to you. C'mon, it's only like three blocks away.” Steve (Hot Tattooed Guy had a name!) grabbed his bike and they started walking together. Bucky knew that typing and walking wasn't great, but Steve also had a hearing aid – he wondered...He tapped Steve's shoulder to get his attention, pointed to him, then spun his index fingers and quirked an eyebrow. you sign?Steve shook his head. “Not really, sorry. I can understand a little, if you go slow.”Bucky nodded, but raised an eyebrow again, and pointed to Steve's ear.“Oh. I just never learned. Um. Sorry,” he offered, and flushed a little.Bucky blushed too, and shook his head, waving it away. Jesus, he was usually smoother than this.“Here we are,” Steve said, and let them in to a nondescript rowhome. He left his bike just inside the entrance and led Bucky to the back of the house, opening an inner door. “I've got three roommates, but I usually have to place to myself around now.”Bucky followed him into the house, decorated in the latest “Guys in their mid-twenties with no money” style. It was a mode he was familiar with. Steve sat him down on one of the mismatched chairs around a beat-up table, and got a bag of frozen peas out of the freezer. “Here. You gonna be okay? Your jaw's really swelling up.”Bucky sighed happily at the cold on his face, numbing and soothing in seconds. He reached into his bag (in between closing his eyes in relief and relaxing into the chair), and pulled out an iPad, opening it up to the program that would let him type on one side and have the text appear right-side-up to Steve, who had sat down across from him. I'm good. thank you. a lot.“Ah, it was nothing. You're pretty good at fighting, y'know.”Bucky grinned, and bowed his head a little at the compl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Canon Disabled Character
mute!Bucky Barnes
Artist Steve Rogers
Fluff
Past Abuse
Past Child Abuse
relationships take work
not a slow burn
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Rope Bondage
Light BDSM
Good BDSM Etiquette
Top!Bucky Barnes
Bottom!Steve Rogers
Heavy BDSM
past abusive relationship
not with each other!
Comeplay
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Heavy Bondage
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

