Work Text:
 The bell above the door jingled as it was pushed open. The restaurant inside was small—tables cluttered together, the walls damp and the air heavy—and empty, no customers so late into the night. Still, the newcomers crowded the front entrance.The waiter before them stared, glasses slipping down his nose, before narrowing his eyes. “Get the heck out.”“‘Heck,’” Clint said, eyeing Peter’s attire with raised brows. “Wow. And look at your little waiter get up! Isn’t he adorable?”“The cutest,” Natasha agreed.“Out,” Peter repeated, as he tried to bustle the gathered Avengers out the door with sweeping hand gestures. They were broader and taller than him—Natasha wearing slight heels, Tony wearing his discreet lifts—and refused to be budged.Tony took off his reflective sunglasses, his smile like a shark’s. “You’re going to throw out paying customers? For shame, Parker.”“Ms. Potts?” Peter tried weakly, turning to the only responsible person among the heroes.“Sorry, Peter,” Pepper said, offering an apologetic smile. She was dressed in a pristine blazer and pencil skirt, her heels towering, a Stark Pad tucked under her arm. She stood out against the greying walls of the rundown restaurant.“Please?” Peter asked, glancing backward at the kitchen. “My manager’s going to come back any moment and flip the heck out.”“Adorable,” Clint repeated.“Who says we’re here for you, you narcissist?” Tony said, and pointedly ignored the knowing looks everyone shot him. “Maybe we just want to eat here. Superheroes need food too, y’know. Don’t discriminate.”Peter gave him a flat look. “This place is a dump, and you’re a billionaire, Tony.”Tony snapped his finger, pointing at Peter. “See? Discrimination!”“We’re here to help,” Pepper interrupted. “Honestly, Peter. Nothing funny.”Peter’s eyes went a little wide, realisation a punch to the gut. “This is a flipping recruitment drive, isn’t it…?”They smiled at him—Tony with a promising smirk, Pepper tight-lipped and apologetic for what was about to happen—but before they could answer, the door to the kitchen swung open, and Peter’s boss strode out.“Parker,” his manager snapped, scrubbing a hand through his thinning hair. The man always became more irritated in the late hours of the night. “Don’t just fucking stand there looking pretty. If we ain’t got customers, take your pert ass outside and wash some fucking dishes—”“Sorry, Mr. Hannigan,” Peter said dully. He was exhausted—this was his second shift of the day, the other at his first job—and powerless in this situation. He knew from experience he couldn’t reply to his boss without being threatened with unemployment.Hannigan stopped mid-step, beady eyes blown wide. The very recognisable Avengers, crowded in the doorway of their empty, dirty restaurant, stared back at him. Steve’s jaw tightened, and Sam was frowning at Hannigan. Pepper had pulled out her Stark Pad, and was tapping at it, fingers flying, wearing an expression like cold steel.Natasha grinned, her smile sharp, and waved at the manager. “Good evening.”Hannigan made a strangled sound.“Sorry, sir,” Peter said again. “They were just leaving—”“Come now,” Steve said, stepping forward. Before, he’d stood at the back, and appeared as though he was only there to keep an eye on Tony’s scheming. Now, gaze fixed on Peter’s boss, Steve was stepping into a more active role. “There’s no need for that. We’d just like a good sit down meal.”Hannigan seemed to shake himself, before positively beaming.“Captain America, of course, anything for our city’s heroes,” he simpered. He motioned the Avengers toward the largest table in restaurant, bodily shoving Peter out of the way as he went. “I’m sorry about my waiter, he’s a little slow. Very incompetent.”Peter stumbled back, blinking wide eyes. His manager was larger than him, portly with broad shoulders and wide hands. Peter often had to let the older man push him around, feigning a strength that matched his thin appearance. Sam shot him a sympathetic look.The Avengers took their seats at the long table. Hannigan pulled Natasha’s seat out for her, and she managed a passable smile as she sat down.Hannigan clapped his hands together, teeth bared in a smile, and continued, “It’s such a privilege to have superheroes in my restaurant. We’re all big fans, big fans—aren’t we, Parker?”“Oh,” Peter said. Clint, perched in the closest seat, tipped his head back and smirked up at him. “Oh y-yeah. I’m a big fan of the Avengers. The biggest.”Clint’s smirk grew wider. Peter fought to keep his features professional blank. The manager ignored Peter’s stumbled words, and rushed toward the kitchen to talk to the cook.“Hand out menus,” Hannigan ordered, pointing a stubby, threatening finger at Peter, “and take their orders. Whatever they want, they can have, got it?”“But—”Hannigan stopped. He retraced his steps, until he was inches away from Peter’s tense form. “You screw this up, and you’re fucking fired, you hear me?” It was obvious Hannigan was trying to keep 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
peter being actually taken care of by the avengers amen
Protective Avengers
team fic
Team as Family
copious annie references
Fluff
skeavy bosses
Sam Is An Avenger
Peter is an Avenger
avengers recruitment drive

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

