Chapter 1: Held
    




Chapter Text
The stone scraped his palms as he slammed the smaller man against the wall with his body. He locked his hands around Stark’s wrists, pinning him there, and smiled at the way he twisted and jerked, trying to get free. 
All his efforts, and he gained himself not one inch. Loki let himself laugh.  
“Not today, Stark. No armor, no friends. You’re mine.” 
His voice was thin, gasping, but determined. “Fuck… you.” 
Loki’s blood surged and, even though Stark couldn’t see, he smiled coldly. “If you insist.” He dragged Stark’s hands together and took both his wrists in a single grip. His free hand caressed Stark’s neck, cold skin on hot, and when Stark flinched he let his nails scrape down instead, following those pulsing veins, blue beneath the layers of skin, driving up a red flush everywhere he touched.  
“Get off me!” 
“But you’re so… pretty,” and oh, he loved the way Stark flung his head away from Loki’s lips in his ear. Loved the frantic heartbeat he could feel where his chest met Stark’s back, where his fingers probed the join of neck and shoulder. Loved it almost too much. 
He thrust his arousal against Stark’s rear and lost himself for just one moment in the definite moan from that mouth. This would be easier than he’d thought.  
He backed away ever so slightly, just enough to allow room between Stark’s body and the wall for his hand to slide down, under Stark’s shirt, and then up over his chest. The skin sang under his fingertips, fiery and alive, muscles fluttering as Stark pushed back against him, writhing harder in his grip.  
His fingers met metal and he ran them around the circular abyss in Stark’s chest. “What did you say this was? For your arc reactor, was it?” 
“Don’t - no, please, don’t-” 
“Don’t? Dangerous word to say to me. I do what I want, and right now, I very much want whatever has you so upset.” And he dipped his hand inside the gaping hole. 
Hot metal met fingers wherever he brushed against the edges, and searing sparks of pain leapt to meet him, dancing up his arm. He went in further, deeper, found the back section: a complex arrangement, prongs sticking up, thin wires crisscrossing, thicker metal beneath them. And he could feel Stark’s heart, barely a finger’s width away, beating and pulsing. It echoed his own, the blood pounding in his ears, along his body, pooling in his groin. He felt himself harden further with the knowledge that Stark’s heart was right there, almost touchable. Vulnerable. His to smother, if he so chose. 
He didn’t. But he could. 
“What the hell-” Stark’s chest moved as he spoke and they both twitched, pain crawling along Loki’s arm as his hand touched metal again. “Are you doing?” 
“Making you suffer for what you did to me. This world would be mine if not for you! Well, I will have it yet. I’m going to break you, use you up so thoroughly that when I lead another army against your precious Midgard, you won’t have the will or desire to stand against me. I will have you be the first to kneel.” And he stepped back, releasing Stark abruptly, grinning when he dropped to the floor. He dug a foot under Stark’s ribs and kicked him over onto his back. Stark scrabbled backwards, uncoordinated, arms and legs wild, gaining little purchase on the smooth stone. Loki followed him, all long, slow strides, and smirked as Stark worked himself into a corner. “There’s nowhere to go. You’re mine.” 
Stark spat. “Go fuck yourself.” 
Oh, that was perfect. Loki seized Stark by the neck and flung him the scant distance into the centre of the cell, and planted a foot firmly in his back. And leaned down, replacing the foot with his knee, and then simply straddled him. “Why would I do that when I’ve got you?” 
Stark went still for just one instant, and Loki’s skin thrilled with Stark’s terror. He could almost feel the waves of fear washing over him.  
He leaned forward, his whole body resting along Stark’s, to whisper in his ear. “You should scream. I like it when you scream.” 
Stark’s hands flew at Loki’s head, and he jerked upright to avoid the panicked clawing. Stark had spirit. Heart, as he had so prized in Agent Barton. Maybe Stark was not his in the way that Barton had been, but this was awfully close.  
He recaptured Stark’s hands, no hard task when Stark couldn’t see what he was doing and was trying to reach behind himself. The sliding whisper of leather on leather as he removed his belt had Stark thrashing again, legs drumming uselessly on the floor, arms jerking desperately in his grasp. Loki wrapped the belt around Stark’s wrists tightly and buckled it.  
“This will be so much easier on you if you just give in,” Loki said, sighing, sounding as though he were indeed sorry for the harm that Stark would come to. He clenched his fingers in Stark’s hair, almost too short to make a good hold, and slammed his head once into the stone floor. Stark groaned, and went almost still, body trying faintly to curl up and protect itself.  
Protection, right now, was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Author regrets nothing
Captivity
Warning: Loki
Bondage
Rough Sex
Safe Sane and Consensual
Temperature kink
FrostIron - Freeform
Angst
So much angst
Discussions of non-con

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

