Chapter 1: At Childhoods' Hour
    


Notes:
*edited 2019*




Chapter Text

 1991 




Maria Stark died on a rainy, Saturday afternoon in April.Tony, her only son, was eight-years-old.He hadn’t been allowed to go to the hospital, so Tony was at the mansion with Edwin Jarvis, the family butler, when the phone call came. Maria’s death was quickly linked to complications she’d suffered during labour. The fact that his mother had even been pregnant was something of an abstract concept for Tony. He’d been busy with school, and only Jarvis had thought to update him regularly on his mother’s progress over the nine months of her pregnancy. Tony had only seen his mother briefly in passing twice since she and Howard had held the press conference to announce the pregnancy to the world. Tony, himself, had found out about it after his teacher had heard it on the TV and thought to congratulate him on his expanding family.It was all very sad.Tony knew it was sad that his mother had died. He knew he should have been crying, and possibly hiding away in his room. But, his mother had never been a particularly large presence in his life. It felt more like a family friend of his parents had passed away, someone who was occasionally over for dinners and would absentmindedly congratulate him on his latest accomplishments.He had thought, maybe, that his father would be prompted to comfort him. But that thought was short lived as Tony had watched from the shadows of the stairs two days after his mother’s passing, the late edition of the New York Times that had broken the news still sitting on the small entry way table, a photograph of Maria Stark in pride of place on the cover.“Jarvis, I’ll be gone for the rest of the week, see to it that the wet nurse settles into her new room and that the child is looked after,” Howard instructed Jarvis as he wrapped a scarf around his throat and lifted his hat from the butler’s hand. Placing it upon his head, he turned and swept out the front door without a glance back. Tony wondered from his crouched position if his father had been ignorant to his presence in the room, or if he’d just ignored him as usual. “Of course, Sir,” Jarvis said quietly, English accent thick in his voice.The door shut and Tony remained still as Jarvis turned around, a small smile lifting the corners of his lips upon sighting his young charge. In a move far too casual not to have been planned, Jarvis picked up the newspaper from the small table and deposited it atop the hanging closet, a spot Tony would have difficulty in reaching. Tony, however, wasn’t particularly interested in the paper anymore, it wasn’t like it would say anything he didn’t already know.“Young Master, shall we go and meet your new sister?” Jarvis asked as he moved towards the grand staircase, a hand extended towards Tony, beckoning from the shadows.“Yes, Jarvis,” Tony said dutifully. He didn’t really want to see her all that much, but he knew that Jarvis wanted him to want to. Ever since the announcement had occurred, the butler had been very excited about the newest edition to the Stark family. Tony didn’t really understand what the big deal was. It was just another person he would rarely see in the huge mansion he lived in.The pleased smile Jarvis gave him, however, made his own lips turn up in response.Jarvis led him from the entrance room and up the stairs with a gentle hand upon his shoulder. They walked through the empty house that reminded Tony of the museum Jarvis had taken him to the previous Summer. Walking along the quiet hallways, they were almost to Tony’s room when worry twisted his stomach.“Jarvis?” Tony asked tentatively. Surely his father hadn’t given Tony’s room to his new sister, had he?“Your sister has been placed in the room beside your own.”Tony blinked, relaxing slightly.Oh. That was different.Tony hadn’t had people in the rooms near his own before. Any time his parents had guests staying with them, Tony was only to see them in the main rooms before Howard sent him off to the West wing of the manor to keep him out of the way. Howard had told Tony that people only came over for important business reasons, and he didn’t need Tony acting as a distraction to them. Jarvis’s rooms were closest to him in the middle of the house for optimal efficiency, so having someone now staying right next to him would be a completely new experience for Tony.Stopping before the door to the room right next to his own, Jarvis removed his hand from Tony's shoulder and gestured to the door encouragingly.Slowly turning the knob and pushing open the heavy wood, Tony cautiously entered the room. All disused rooms in the manor were white walled, with neutral cream furniture, but the large double bed usually in the middle of the room was missing. In its place was a fancy looking cot, with a small single pushed into the back corner of the room.Sitting in a chair next to the cot was a young, blonde haired woman in a white blouse and grey pencil skirt, a book in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Stark Siblings - Freeform
Tony & Darcy Stark
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Angst
Iron Man 1
Iron Man 2
Pre-Iron Man 3
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers Tower
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

