Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Darcy hummed, and rolled around, admiring the chest on display. It was heaving gently, as silver in the moon light as it was golden in the sun. She still had difficulty believing it was real. After so long, she knew it almost by heart, knew where to touch to tickle, or to make him gasp. But it wasn't her goal at the moment. She smiled and approached it slowly, careful not to rouse him. She hovered over him, and finally went for the neck, and blew softly at the place it met the shoulder. He shivered, but stayed asleep. She smiled, and moved a bit lower, to his pectorals. She blew again, and this time he didn't move at all. She huffed, and moved to the belly button. She was about to blow one more time when his deep voice broke the still silence of the room.
"Enjoying yourself?"
She raised her head to catch his blue eyes. She smiled at him, and let him draw her up to him, until her mouth was leveled with his.
"Hey."
"Hey. Not able to sleep?"
She shrugged, affecting a detached manner.
"Don't want to. I've been sleeping far too much these past days."
"Hmmm. Really?"
"Nothing to do around here when you guys are out."
"What about the girls?"
"Jane and Pepper are always a wreck. Always worrying, and chewing their nails. And they are plugged on the news channels."
"You aren't worried?"
His gaze turned curious. She swatted him lightly on the chest, indignant.
"Of course I am! You're the most breakable of the group! But in the end, I'm pretty sure if anything happens to you, I don't want to see it on a big screen. Pepper and Jane will let me know, anyway."
Clint nodded, and leaned in to slide his nose against her neck, until he found his favorite spot, nuzzling the warmth of it. Darcy smiled and wrapped her arms around him. She may be fully rested, but he was dead tired. Not that he would let it show. She knew he would follow her lead whatever she decided, but he really needed to rest. Fury wouldn't cut him any loose because his girlfriend was feeling amorous tonight. The Director really needed to get laid. Maybe he wouldn't be as insufferable that way.
Clint sighed against her neck, and mumbled something that sounded like "I love you". Darcy smiled, and started running her fingers through his short hair, and took a long moment to observe the man in her arms.
She thought about everything that happened to get her from a college internship to sleeping with one of the Avengers.
Months of insaneness, and life threatening, and generally weird things. And she wouldn't trade for the world.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Bruce Banner (implied)
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Darcy is a bamf
And the Avengers' babysitter
Humor
AU
Written before the movie

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Bruce Banner (implied)
Jane Foster/Thor

