Chapter 1: A Midnight Visitor
    




Chapter Text
Raan Do Sivaas.The Order of the Beasts.It is a name whispered both fearfully and reverently around the world. An order of highly trained assassins, funded and protected in secret by the highest authority in all of the world, established and integrated into society over centuries. Known for their stealth, creativity and willingness to do anything or go anywhere, these beast-masked assassins inspire terror in all those who know of them.Intelligent and physically able children are hand-picked by observers within the government and the Order begins the delicate process of turning children into hunters in barely over thirteen years. On May the first, of the year 1983, Howard and Maria Stark brought a bouncing baby boy into the world. On that day, neither parent knew that one day that boy would be a genius, a billionaire, a hero, an assassin. The story of Tony Stark is one that is long and colored.This is that story.~*~*~*~*~*~Howard Stark was thinking. Granted, that was something he did often, but this fit of introspection was intense and all-consuming. On the floor in front of him, playing intently with a puzzle, was his three-year-old son, Tony. And therein lay the source of his consternation.He was...concerned. Tony was a late baby, and he and Maria had him later than they thought they would have a child. Tony was also terribly intelligent. But that pleased Howard, knowing his son had inherited his intelligence. But Howard was faced with a terrible possibility. Tony, as the son of Howard Stark, founder of SHIELD and billionaire proprietor of his own company, would be the target of kidnappers the world over.Now, this could easily be remedied by supplying his son with a bodyguard when he left the house but guards could be bought off by assailants with the means to do so. And then...there was the Order. Howard shivered. The Beasts. Assassins. Howard knew of them. Of course he did. They were unmistakable. Government officials, CEOs, magnates, crime lords and criminals lived with the terror that one may come after them.And they wanted to recruit his son.Oh, he knew they recruited the children of people with connections to the government. Heard the whispers from his fellow CEOs and consultants and the dignitaries from other countries, visited in the dead of night by animal-masked spectors. Howard shuddered as he remembered his own visit only the night before.~*~*~*~*~*~*
Howard was sitting at the desk in his shop, poring over a new set of blueprints for an improved rifle in front of him. Outside the window snow fell heavily, and he was thankful for the generators that kept the heat and lights on while the other homes outside the city sat in a blackout. So absorbed was he in his work, he didn’t notice his visitor until they cleared their throats.

“Howard Stark.” The voice was deep, laced with a german accent and slightly muffled. Howard spun in his chair and nearly flailed in panic. The man behind him was tall, clothed in an ebony tunic and pants bordered in crimson, matching sleeveless tabard and cloak caked with snow. His face was obscured by the hood of his tabard and the mask of what Howard assumed was a jackal, and Howard froze.

Sunvaar. Hunter. A member of the Beasts. In his house. In his shop.

“Peace, Mister Stark. I am here with no ill will. If you were an assignment, we would not be having this conversation. I am only here to talk.” The man rumbled, the sightless eyes of the mask staring back at Howard, before the inventor nodded. Howard got the impression of a smile from the man and he watched the hunter reach into a pouch that hung off a belt at his hip, coming back with a scroll.

“It came to our attention, three years ago, that your wife gave birth to your son. Young Tony turned three eight months ago. He’s very bright, your Tony is. His intelligence and his energy are very...important qualities that my Aak is looking for.” Howard felt as if ice water had poured down his spine.

“What are you getting at?” He asked lowly, hands tightening on his knees. The hunter snorted and tossed him the scroll from his place across the room. Howard caught it, barely, and turned it over in his hands. It was decorated black, bordered and patterned in crimson and the paper felt smooth and thick in his hands. It was sealed with red wax, stamped with what Howard assumed to be the Order’s insignia, two crossed blades with a wolf’s head over top.

“I believe you know exactly what I’m getting at, Mister Stark. However, in the end, the decision lies completely with you and your wife. We will not steal a child to be trained against their parent’s wishes.” The hunter spoke lowly. “Within the scroll is the method of contacting us, once you make your choice. You have four days, Mister Stark.” And with that, the hunter swept out of the room in a furl of his cloak and the soft scuffing of his boots on the floor.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*Now, Howard palmed the scroll in his hands and watched
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Assassin!Tony
Sister!Pepper
Alternate Universe - Canon
Assassins & Hitmen
Howard is not abusive in this one
Merely distant
Assassin Family
Slash
Original Characters - Freeform
Quite a few of those
Some words used are dragonic
Can you find which ones?
Brotherhood
Blacksmithing
Tony has a lovely singing voice
Minor Character Death
Ancient Mourning Customs
Tony is good with animals
Mentor/Student Closeness
Brother/Sister Protectiveness
Tony is surprisingly good for publicity after the Chitauri
Sensitive Emotional Subjects
Dancing

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

