Chapter 1: Sleepless
    




Chapter Text
Larger than life was one of the more frequent terms used to describe him but most of the world would be shocked to discover that the majority of the time, Tony felt much smaller than he was. And it had very little to do with physical size. He knew he was on the shorter side physically but he also knew that the rest of him just didn’t match up to the strength of character or emotional depth that others held. Simply put, he wasn’t enough and he knew it.Maybe that’s why he had stayed even after he realized what was happening. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that he had never had anyone proud of him until Pepper. Or maybe it was because he knew that if it ended, she would end up happily married to someone else and he would end up alone until the day he died and then he would be buried alone and spend eternity alone. But whatever the reason, he had promised himself when he entered the relationship that he would do his best to be better for her. And he had.But it still wasn’t enough.He didn’t realize what was happening at first. It was so much easier to stand on the outside and talk about how people should have seen the signs, should have gotten out before it got bad, but on the inside it was like needing glasses for the first time. The change was gradual, slow, and it wasn’t until the end when he was out that he could clearly see just how far it had gotten.Pepper loved meetings. Tony loved that she loved them because it meant that he didn’t have to go to as many and didn’t have to feel guilty about it. And when the meetings took her to other cities, states, countries, well that was normal.What wasn’t normal was when she insisted he be waiting for her call while she was gone. And when he waited, he should be alone. Oh, he could work on his projects, that was fine, but he could not have company. When he asked why she said that she wanted his full attention, some alone time with him even when they were apart. It seemed reasonable, so Tony agreed without complaint. After all, that was a small price to pay for the woman he loved.Then she started talking down to him.Tony was a genius – there were test scores to prove it – but the many grades he skipped caught up to him socially and when it came to people, he was painfully out of his depth most of the time. So when Pepper started talking down to him, explaining how their relationship worked in small words and impatient tones like one would to a child, Tony didn’t notice. She made excellent points; he was being needy when he asked her to dinner and she stood him up because of an important business call. He wasn’t good at relationships so he should defer to her. He was unintentionally obtuse when it came to emotions so him being constantly in trouble and getting read the riot act by her was reasonable.Then she got a bit physical.It wasn’t much. Sometimes she just wouldn’t take no for an answer when he came in after an inventing binge and just wanted to sleep. Her playful hits became less playful. He was a super hero, a man, he had handled much worse. She rarely even left bruises, not ones that took more than a week or two to heal.Then there was the cheating.Tony only knew about that part because it was with Happy and Happy wasn’t good at hiding things from Tony. When Tony brought it up with her, it was the worst night in their relationship. Everything seemed to come to a head and by the end, Tony curled up in his workshop with ice and his robots and wished for something to get better.The next day, Pepper had come down to his shop and punched him for the tabloids printing that he was cheating on her. They both knew it was her but he let it happen because some part of him knew he deserved it and still wanted her to be happy. He truly loved Pepper. So he let her punch him in the face and let her go.By the time the others figured out what was going on, it was over.Natasha questioned her worth as a spy if she hadn’t even noticed the subtle changes in Tony’s behavior over the months she lived in the Tower with him. Clint felt bad that he hadn’t noticed sooner but vowed to rectify that in the future, scanning every person who so much as looked at Tony that way. Steve and Bucky didn’t know what exactly to do; they had a hard time believing that Pepper could do something like that. Bruce retreated further into himself, taking the news as confirmation that people would only hurt him in the end.That was three months ago.“Sir, your team asked me to remind you that movie night starts in the common room in five minutes,” said JARVIS, interrupting Tony’s music to convey the message.“Sure,” said Tony, distracted as he continued to rework the wiring on the left gantlet of his suit.Ten minutes later there was a knock at the door.“Hey Tony?” called Steve, sticking his head through the door with a smile. “You coming to movie night? It started five minutes ago.”“I’m sorry,” said Tony, looking up, fear flashing across his face before it was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Domestic Violence
Domestic Avengers
Protective Steve
Protective Avengers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Clint Barton
Hurt Tony Stark
Rape/Non-con Elements
Abusive Relationships
Insecure Tony
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

