Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It starts off small, barely noticeable. Thor is sitting at a feast in the banquet hall and he shifts in his seat to turn and comment on one of Volstagg's jokes. That's when he feels just the lightest brush against his cock, barely there. Perhaps it was just the pull of fabric as he moved. Perhaps he imagined the whole thing. He feels it again in the tavern with his friends that evening, but he doesn't think much of it. With that much drink flowing it's hard to be certain of anything. It's not until the next morning that he makes the connection. Thor dresses and gets ready for his princely duties, just like any other day. But when he reaches for Mjolnir, something is different. He calls the hammer to him and the moment his hand firmly grips the handle he feels that sensation again, but stronger this time. It should be impossible, but every touch upon the hammer feels like he's touching himself and he shudders at the sensation. That's when he remembers that in both instances the night before, he'd had Mjolnir with him. She sat resting at his feet at the feast and secured to his belt as they drank and danced the tavern. Every day it only gets worse, the hammer becoming more and more sensitive. Each brush of his hand against the handle feels like he's stroking his own cock, a delicious jolt of pleasure coursing through him. It gets to the point where he cannot even keep the hammer strapped to his belt because when it brushes against his breeches as he walks, he's painfully hard within minutes. On the third day he finally gives in. Most evenings, Thor is out and about with his friends, gallivanting around the town. But tonight he begs off, tells them he's feeling ill. The door to his chambers is barely shut behind him before he's calling Mjolnir to him and taking the shaft in hand, stroking it like he's been dying to for days. "Ohh," he shudders, working his hand up and down the hammer. The sensation is intense, as if he's pleasuring himself but somehow… more. Reluctantly he puts the hammer down on his bed. He has already waited so long, just a few moments longer and he can have what he so desperately needs. He's far too worked up to bother with his shirt, but he yanks off his boots and breeches until his lower half is completely bare. Shivering with anticipation, he lays down on the bed. Then he takes his cock in one hand and the shaft of the hammer in the other and strokes. A choked out moan escapes his lips and though he has held Mjolnir a thousand times, the ridges of the hammer's shaft on his calloused hand has never felt so good. As a warrior, Thor has excellent coordination, but never in a million years did he imagine he'd ever use those skills in this way. He tries different things, one hand focusing on the shaft of the hammer, the other running a thumb over the head of his cock. The hand on his cock stroking up and down furiously while the other hand is gripping and twisting just right. Beads of sweat start to form on his body, making his shirt stick to his skin. His breaths are coming out shorter, fisting his cock and hammer desperately as his hips work up and down seemingly by their own accord. He is close now, so close.This is only the beginning, he thinks, because there are so many other things he could do. Thor lets his imagination run wild which only heightens his pleasure, making him moan out loud, making his whole body ache for release. He's not flexible enough to suck his own cock, but now? He could take the hammer into his mouth, licking it and sucking it so good because he knows just the way he likes it. Or he could stretch his hole open, slide down on the shaft, and know what it feels like to fill and be filled at the same time. He could have it, he could have it all- "Yes," Thor gasps as the pleasure ratchets up in intensity and he feels his orgasm finally hit him. His whole body goes taut, making his toes curl and his back arch as shoots load after load of hot come all over his bedsheets. When it's over, he lays on the filthy sheets, flushed and panting and utterly sated. But how is this possible? What does it mean? He has always felt a bond between himself and the hammer, as if it is an extension of his body. He wonders if perhaps they are meant to be this connected. Is it a phase that hammer and master must go through?Father would know, Thor thinks, but he is far too embarrassed by the whole thing to ask him. From then on, he leaves Mjolnir in his room. People start to ask him why he is not carrying it, and he tells them that a man should not rely on only one weapon, that it's important he hone his other skills as well lest he and Mjolnir be separated during a battle. Most of the others just smile and nod, but Loki always looks at him like he knows Thor is hiding something. Some days later, Thor is walking back to his rooms after an invigorating sparring session when he feels it. The unmistakable slide of a hot, wet mouth over the head of his cock. He stops dea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Object Insertion
PWP
Smut
Pre-Canon
Dubious Consent
Everyone is ultimately happy with what happens though

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

