Chapter 1: 1.
    




Chapter Text
what i became (because of you)
by 'Drea 1. Loki cannot believe his luck after the All-Father’s glorious send off.  He holds his mother close, comforting her with sweet words and his gentle embrace.  When her tears have dried, he broaches the subject of Thor.  His mother has always been difficult for him to read.“Though much of Father’s magic is unknown to me,” he says quietly, for her ears alone, “I am certain I could lift Thor’s banishment.”Frigga looks torn but she shakes her head.  “Odin meted out Thor’s punishment for a reason,” she says finally.  “Go to Midgard, tell him of Odin’s funeral.  Tell him his punishment stands until the conditions can be met.”Loki has wanted many things (his father’s love, a place he could be himself, Thor’s regard) but he’s never wanted the throne.  (He only wanted Thor never to claim it as he was.)  All that he is, frost giant, stolen child, he is man enough, Aesir enough to step into Thor’s considerable shoes.  He was always the better son.(When Thor came of age, during the ceremony in front of the whole of Asgard, he was given a gift to show his rise to adulthood.  He was given the mighty Mjolnir.  Less than fifty years later when it was Loki’s turn to be gifted one of Odin’s glorious treasures, he was offered a small pouch that held within an ever lasting supply of the finest throwing daggers ever made.  Though they were endless and he never missed his mark, he could hear the Warrior’s Three laughing about his proclivity for ranged combat.)Now he wields Gungnir, a fitting treasure for his rise to glory.  The Warriors Three, and their leader the Lady Sif do not understand why Loki will not retrieve his beloved brother.  They cite fear and petty jealousy as his motivators for keeping Thor away.
(On one hand, they aren’t wrong.  But on the other, Loki still turns to share jokes with a man who isn’t there, still causes harmless pranks just to see Thor smile.  The absence of that smile eradicates any jealousy that might have been.)It’s Frigga who sets them straight.  It’s Frigga who forbids Heimdall from opening the Bifrost to send them to Midgard.  He should feel nettled that his so-called friends and closest subjects don’t defer to his words but his mothers, but in truth, he’s glad Frigga stopped their endless pestering.It takes him a shameful two weeks to visit Thor on Midgard.  It’s jarring to see his bright and vibrant brother so subdued and quiet.  He sits alone in a small room, hands cuffed at the wrists on his lap.  He is filthy and soaked to the skin, and Loki cannot tell if the dampness on his face is the rain he hears outside or his brother’s tears.  “Hello brother,” Loki says quietly, revealing himself only to Thor.  Thor’s eyes fly to him, taking in his Midgardian clothes, and the glimmer of Gungnir at his shoulder.  His lips part but he makes no sound.  “So silent, Thor?” Loki says, a hint of old brotherly mockery in his voice.  “I am no illusion.”A wry grin twists Thor’s lips.  “I have heard that - and fallen for that - before,” he mutters.So Loki crouches in front of him, level with Thor’s knees, and clasps their hands together.  “Father...” Loki says, and finds his voice choked, much to his surprise.  “Father is...”“In the Odinsleep, I know,” Thor concludes softly.  “He put it off for much longer than I can ever remember him doing.”Loki shakes his head.  “No, brother,” he says quietly.  “Father is dead.”Thor goes pale with shock.  “What?” he swallows hard and makes a visible effort to lower his voice.  “How?”Loki shakes his head again, a concession not a refusal, and says, “The matron of the Healing Houses says it was the stress of putting off the Odinsleep...” (It might even be true, Loki had never felt such anger as he did when he held the Cask of Ancient Winters, he felt as though he could have killed Odin with all the wrath of his Jotunn blood.  In the end, all he did was yell.)  “And mother?”“She mourns, but is otherwise well.”  Loki takes a deep, hesitating breath.  “I am now King of Asgard.”(It hurts to say it.)Thor’s fingers clench around Loki’s.  “Good,” he says firmly, honestly.  “You would be a better king than I.  Father’s spell?”“It stands,” Loki says.  “Even if I could figure out how to reverse it, Mother is furious... she ordered me to leave you until Odin’s conditions were met.”  He looks up at his brother.  “I know not his conditions, brother.  I cannot help you.”When Thor blinks, two tears trail down his cheeks.  (The last time Loki saw Thor cry was in their three hundredth year.  He can’t remember why, not after so long, but he can remember holding his brother close as he cried himself to sleep in Loki’s bed.  It was the last time he’d ever seen Thor vulnerable.)“It is no less than I deserve,” Thor chokes out.  “Thank you for coming and telling me.”Loki can sense the mortals coming closer to the small room where Thor is being held.  “I must go,” he says, letting go of Thor’s hands and standing fluidly.  “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki
Loki & Jane
unrequited Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
parenthetical
Slash
Pseudo-Incest
Loki is a BAMF
Thor is BAMF
Angst
Drama
AU
the land of AU
Coulson lives because reasons

fandom: 
Thor/Loki
Loki & Jane
unrequited Jane Foster/Thor

