Work Text:
At first glance, Steve Rogers was the perfect omega. Small, elegantly thin, a soft mop of blond hair and big, almost childlike blue eyes. If he let you close enough, you could trace the blue spiderwebs of veins, standing out starkly against the pale skin, and long, artistic fingers, free from any calluses bar those from pencils and paintbrushes.                 But that’s as far as the ‘perfect omega’ ruse goes. Because Steve Rogers knows exactly how he looks, and exactly how an omega should behave.                 And he does the opposite.                 Ask anyone why and they’ll just say “That’s Steve for ya,” and leave it at that.                 Steve’s always been a contrary sonofabitch.
 --                 The phone ringing brought him back to himself, and Steve sighed, gave one last look at the canvas he was working on, before leaning over and grabbing it. “This is Steve,” he answered, wedging his cell between his ear and shoulder. He wiped his hands off on the rag beside him as he listens to his landlord on the other end.                 “Hey, Rogers, you know that empty apartment down the hall from you?”                 Steve hummed his assent, knowing exactly where this was going. The landlord wouldn’t be calling him for any other reason than- “We’ve had interest, but it’s from an alpha. Are you okay to come meet him?”                 A polite way of asking are you approaching heat if ever there was one.                 “Yeah, he there with you now?” At the landlord’s affirmation, Steve sighed, started to pack up his brushes. “Alright, I’ll be down in a minute.”                 He hung up his phone, took a deep breath, let it out nice and slow. His landlord was a good guy, a beta, and he was just following protocol. Following the law in fact. Omegas, rare as they were, had more than a handful of laws protecting them, and protecting their space. An alpha moving into their apartment block had to be approved by every omega in that block, and he was the only one in this building. Steve shuddered to think why that law existed.                 No matter how much he told himself this, Steve was still mildly annoyed when he headed down the stairs five minutes later, refusing the part of him that wanted to preen at simply the idea of meeting an alpha. He paused at the top of last flight of stairs, took a deep breath. The faint alpha scent reached his nose, and he hummed. If the guy was only a single flight down, it should’ve been stronger, and by that, Steve assumed it was an older alpha. As he headed down the stairs, he realised he couldn’t have been more wrong.                 The alpha had his back to him, and Steve took the opportunity to let his gaze drift, across and then down. He was big, bigger than Steve, and his long hair was pulled back into a loose bun. He was relaxed, comfortable, but even then Steve could see that he was broad as well as tall. When Steve realised he was in incredibly well-fitting jeans, he dragged his eyes back up with a gulp, refusing to stare at his frankly fantastic ass.                 This could be interesting.                 Steve cleared his throat, put on a smile, and announced his presence with a “Hi, sorry to keep you waiting.”                 The guy turned, and Steve's mind stuttered to a halt. He smiled, and Steve’s fingers itched to draw him, to let his pencil follow the curl of his lips, the cleft of his chin, up along the perfect curve of his nose. He itched to follow his pencil with his lips.                 Before he could make a fool of himself, the alpha stepped forward, right hand extended. “Hey, I’m James, but I go by Bucky most of the time.” Internally, Steve whined. Even his voice was attractive.                 “Steve, nice to meet you,” he said instead, shaking the offered hand before tucking his hands in his pockets.                 When the alpha inhaled deeply, almost certainly scenting him, Steve raised an eyebrow, and the alpha- Bucky – flushed, caught. “Sorry,” he murmured, and Steve nodded slightly, not about to start a ruckus over something instinctual like that. Even if it was rude.                 Steve looked at the landlord, nodded slightly, and the man smiled, leading them both towards the interview room.                 An hour later, Steve looked at the landlord, and said “I can live with him.”                 Bucky moved in a week and a half later.  --                  It worked. Steve continued like he usually did, smiled at Bucky if they passed each other in the hall. Bucky kept to himself for the most part, even managed to keep his scent controlled. Steve could only smell him if he was passing Bucky’s door, or if they were within arm’s reach of each other. For the most part, it was like another beta had moved in. Normal.                 And that’s what had Steve stunned.                 Living with an alpha was usually … difficult. The last alpha he’d shared a building with, some asshole who's name Steve had forgotten 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
preserum steve
Alpha!Bucky
Omega!Steve
bottom!Steve
shrinkyclinks
Veteran!Bucky
Canon Disabled Character
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Heat Sex
Rimming
Anal Sex
Knotting
mpreg (alluded to but does not occur)
sappy pillow talk
bucky barnes: confirmed sap
talk of mating/bonding
Artist!Steve
Anal Plug
Masturbation
plot is literally to support the porn
vocal consent
Mating Cycles/In Heat
now: all one consistent tense

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

