Chapter 1: A Day in the Life of Tony Stark, Genius Billionaire Philanthropist Father
    


Notes:
TW: For mentions of murder of a parent/spouse, attempted murder of another parent, PTSD, alcohol abuse, depression, almost losing custody of children, bullying of kids by peers

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
There was a slap of something behind him and Tony turned away from his office window, where he'd been drinking his third cup of coffee and scrolling through his phone, to see his COO Pepper Potts standing in front of his desk with a hand on one hip and more sensible thermos of coffee in her other hand. She stared at him expectantly and finally he looked down in curiosity at his desk. He furrowed his brow and moved over to set down his mug and phone and pick up the science magazine. He raised his brow in her direction even as he began studying it."I think you should go," Pepper finally said.His face fell as he saw the secondary headline on the cover announcing the upcoming science and technology convention in Germany. It was going to be one of the biggest meetings of minds of the year and she was crazy for suggesting it. Tony shook his head."You know I don't do conferences anymore. Stark Industries has enough brilliant minds it can send. You can go too if you want," he took a chance to jab even if he knew she was brilliant in her own way. "I don't need to be there."He opened the magazine and skimmed the list of articles. It was embarrassingly last century and a waste of ink and paper since not everyone recycles, but his eyes caught on one title that looked particularly interesting about anti-electron collision and he began flipping through the magazine to get to its location. He was well aware that Pepper was still standing there with a frown on her face and he was equally aware that she was aware that he was now pointedly ignoring her.She sighed. "Tony, it's been seven years.""You say that like there's some expiration on—""I didn't mean that," Pepper snapped and set her thermos down on his desk. He looked up at her and she looked sorry for her outburst. "You know I didn't mean it like that."He just gave her a nod. "I do know that," he conceded as his eyes scanned the first paragraph of the excerpt of a paper written by a Dr. Robert Bruce Banner. He was already intrigued so dog eared the page to come back to when he wasn't about to have a serious conversation with his friend. "Look, Pepper. I'm fine. I'm out in the world. I'm running this ship. I'm seeing people again. Isn't that enough?"She folded her arms gently. "Not really, no. First of all, you've only been on, what, a handful of serious dates in the last two years? That's not exactly seeing people."He rolled his eyes and looked back out the window at the Manhattan skyline. "First of all," he imitated, "I'm a busy man. Second of all you know how hard it is to find people interested in, well, me. As a person. Not just some billionaire tech magnate celebrity symbol or whatever the hell. And then there's the kids," he added, turning back toward her just in time to see the slight nod of understanding. "Not many people looking to be hoisted into the spotlight along with a ready-made family. Not even my charm and money is worth that kind of baggage to most. And the ones that seemed interested… it just wasn't right." He shrugged."Tony, that's not even what I'm really talking about here," Pepper said gently as she sat down in the chair in front of his desk. "Would I like to see you happy with someone again? Yes. Absolutely. But it's not a requirement. You have your kids and that is what matters."Tony gave a half smile as he sat down in his own chair. He knew she wasn't finished so he just took another drink of his coffee."But…" She started slowly and he looked at her impatiently. "You may be out in the world and running this ship, but this is about you refusing to get out there and do anything that even remotely reminds you of Maya." His face fell at the sound of his late wife's name and he swallowed his drink hard. "She wouldn't want this, Tony. I know you're trying. I know you're better off than you were five years ago."That was when he had found out that her accident two years prior had been no accident, rather a hit on them both ordered by a man he had trusted like an uncle. The hit had failed on him the first time by a matter of happenstance. Two years later Obadiah Stane had tried again, bringing about the revelation of what had happened to his wife. Tony, who had only begun to heal from the loss of his wife, had hit rock bottom with depression, anger, paranoia on behalf of his kids whom Stane had also threatened, and enough alcohol that he had almost lost those kids, who were also struggling with the betrayal and near-loss of their dad along with mom, unless he agreed to get treated for PTSD. Of course it hadn't even been an issue of whether to choose them or wallowing in fear and anxiety, but it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
check additional tags for minor relationships

freeform: 
Science Boyfriends
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
De-Aged
Kid Fic
Kid Skye | Daisy Johnson
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Loki and Kid Thor
Kid Clint Barton
Kid Natasha Romanov
Kid Steve Rogers
Kid Sam Wilson
Kid Jemma Simmons
Kid Pietro Maximoff
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Marvel Cameos
Past Character Death
Past Maya Hansen/Tony Stark
Parenthood
Single Parents
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Bruce Banner
Parent-Child Relationship
Not Canon Compliant
Bisexual Tony Stark
Gay Bruce Banner
Romantic Fluff
Inspired by a Movie
Family
Family Fluff
Family Drama
Family Feels
Fluff
Background Pepper/Happy - Freeform
Background Betty/Leonard
Background Natasha/James
background Steve/Sam
Adoption
Crack Treated Seriously
The Author Regrets Nothing
Large Families
Unconventional Families
Domestic
General Ross Sucks In This Verse Too
Background Loki/Sig
POV Alternating
Grey-A Natasha
Fluffy Ending
The Supersized Science Family

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
check additional tags for minor relationships

