Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky hums to himself, cigarette perched between his lips as he takes a shaky intake of the nicotine that warms his insides against the harsh bitter coldness that threatens to numb his entire body as he rounds the corner of the street. The cuts on his face hurt like a bitch, especially the bruises that run up his sides from where his - now ex - boyfriend kicked in him in a rage. The tears on his face have long since dried on his cheeks, leaving the icy wind to turn his face a deathly pale if he didn’t have the soft glow of his cigarette illuminating his features. There’s the putrid stench of an alpha near by, rotting wood mixed with overly sweet heat of an omega mixed into it. He scoffs to nobody, wrapping himself tighter in his coat as he passes by the scene of two women fucking in an alley. He doesn’t want to be reminded of how easily an omega can submit to an alpha, not now that he just got his ass kicked for refusing to carry Brock’s litter for the last time. Prostitutes and drug dealers start to get frequent as he walks home. He gets a few catcalls of them calling him over, scents meant to arouse and invite feeling more threatening to him now. They yell at him when he doesn’t turn his head, calling him all names that fall flat to his ears. The light drizzle suddenly picks up, downpouring hard and brutal against his cheeks and hands, a stray raindrop putting out his cigarette completely as he lets the bud fall from his mouth and onto the dirty sidewalk. Fuck you, Shamoo. He looks up to find himself near the L&L Automat, the light from the diner illuminating the puddles in the street as he pulls a couple of dollars from his pocket, counting them quietly in his palm. 
Five, six, seven, eight plus the two quarters in my other pocket makes eight dollars and fifty cents. Not enough.
 The smell of cooking meat entrances him, much more appealing than any apha scent he’s ever encountered. He moans to himself as he turns away, continuing the next two and a half miles back to his shitty apartment. By the feel of the rain, Bucky wouldn’t be surprised if he got through the door to find his place flooded from the leaks in the roof. Fucking landlord refuses to fix it everytime he asks, always spitting how he won’t help an omega who is mate less. This fucking town. Bucky’s so wrapped in the hazy created by the pain on his body along with the rumble in his stomach, he doesn’t notice when the sleek car pulls up next to him. It’s black, shiny enough that the distant light of the L&L bounces off it enough that Bucky can see his own reflection in the driver side door. The alpha inside smiles, his scent hitting Bucky like a train when the scent is almost close enough to be exactly like Brock’s. He leans closer to Bucky, looking him up and down. “Hey, gorgeous,” he starts, but Bucky continues walking without paying him a glance. The man drives slowly to match Bucky’s pace, still biting his lip. “I’m talking to you,” “Leave me alone,” “Aw, don’t be like that, sweetie,” he coos, puckering his lips to send a kiss Bucky’s way. Even though the alpha’s scent is overwhelming, Bucky can smell the sweet fragrance of a beta woman somewhere in there. A honk from behind the car makes the alpha jump, looking behind him to flip off the other car before he turned his attention back to Bucky. “C’mon, baby, show me that pretty smile of yers,” “Beat it, dick,” Bucky grimaces, disgust gripping his stomach when the man laughs as he reaches into his passenger seat to grab a fat stack of bills. “And I’m not your ‘baby’,” “No need to be rude, honey. Here, I’ll even pay you for a piece of that hot ass of yours,” “I said get lost!” Bucky’s hand fumbles with the switchblade in his pocket, trying his best to project negative pheromones towards the bastard in a show of dominance. The smile falls off of the guy’s face, stepping on the breaks of his car, and finally, finally, stops talking to Bucky. The omega continues walking, hunching his shoulders to his ears as the wind picks up in the narrow street. He clenches his jaw tighter, willing himself to stop shivering in the cold. The guys from the car is coming towards him, dominant pheromones making the omega gag. Bucky bites back the urge to scream. He’s tired, cold, hungry, hurt, and just wants to get home to his futon so he can cry in peace. The man grabs his arm, nails digging into his upper arm. “Where the fuck do you think you’re going, huh?” the man shouts through clenched teeth, other hand coming up to slap Bucky across the face. It’s weak but the man managed to hit right where Bucky already has a bruise, erecting a yelp from the omega. “You’re an omega, you’re suppose to be begging to be fucked! You have no-” “Hey!” Before Bucky can actually process, a fist comes flying out of nowhere and socks the guy in the jaw, sending him hurtling towards the wet ground. The guy lets go of Bucky when he falls, allowing the omega to step away of the rumble while his heart tries to g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Eventual Romance
Implied Sexual Content
kid!Kate
Self-Hatred
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Disability
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Domestic Violence
Mpreg
Misunderstandings
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Vomiting
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli

