Work Text:
The ship shuddered violently, the distant crunch of sheet metal buckling an alarming thread underneath the alarms. Bulkhead, Tony thought absently. He hoped the locking system on this tub was up to par. That said, this was SHIELD. They were usually pretty good at battle-ready.For his part, there wasn't much he could do. Curled in a corner of his cell, twisting his hands absently in their cuffs, he leaned back against the wall, and watched the door tiredly. He couldn't decide this battle. Say what you wanted for SHIELD efficiency, but they'd raised paranoia to an art form. They'd left him nothing usable beyond things that he really, really couldn't afford to reveal, not until death was pretty much the only other choice. Which might shortly be the case, admittedly, but still. Right up to the line. He was stuck, right up to then.All he could do was wait to see who opened the door, and told him that they'd won. The battle. And him. In theory, it wouldn't make that much difference either way. Either he was staying where he was, and heading back to stand trial for war crimes. Or he was going to be retaken, and 'persuaded' to commit a few more. Whichever way it turned, sucked to be him.But at least with SHIELD, it only sucked for him.Suddenly, and with very little warning, the alarms cut out. Which would have been fine, on its own, but the lights, even the emergency lights, flickered wildly for a second, and then cut out after them. They booted back up, not two seconds later, but there weren't a lot of things that could cut all power to a SHIELD interceptor spaceship at the same time. He should know. He'd invented most of them.Fuck. Fuck. Not SHIELD. Shit and damn it. This day wasn't going to end with SHIELD.He stood. Levered himself slowly up the wall, resting his cuffed hands lightly in front of him. Resisting the urge to reach up and rub his mouth nervously, to wipe at the sudden dryness there. Listening, almost absently, to the low hum in his ears. The singing in his blood, the sub-audible electric thrum of his new heart. His heart, its power source ... and a thing or two besides. Alright. He could do this. He could play this game. All over again, as many times as he had to. He could fucking play it.And as he waited, as he stood with his back to the wall of his cell and his eyes fixed on the door, waiting for his new captors, he felt something else. A strange, alien sensation, a liquid trickle in the back of his head, the back of his mind. An electric hum of a far different kind, a soft whisper across his senses. Familiar. Oh yes. A touch, invisible fingers ghosting into the base of his skull, a spark of contact there.Strange, then. Moments later. Strange that with the knot of fear in his gut, and the singing in his blood, he still found himself grinning when the door opened. A savage, pearly gleam, as the nightmare marched back through the door.Yeah. He could play this game. Right down to the line.That was, after all, where the explosions happened. And oh, he was so good, at those.***The other ship was a masterpiece, by most standards. A fully-equipped battle cruiser, carrying all the latest Stark technology. At least as far as shields and weapons went, anyway, and some of the AI capacity. Ship design itself was a little funky, though. Not one of his designs. The glimpse he'd caught on the shuttle between them, wedged shackled and remote alongside most of the erstwhile command crew of the Avenger, had shown him that much. There was something ... off, about her. Something weird around her mid-section, something nagging at the edges of his mind. Gravity. Power. Something. She was weighed strangely amidships, sectioned between fore and aft, and something about it nagged at him. Not that he'd have much time to think about it, looked like. Not with the face that greeted him in the shuttlebay, the sad, disappointed smile that hit him like a punch in the gut, almost knocked him to his knees.He'd known. The transmission on the pirate ship that had taken him. He'd known.It didn't make it any easier to bear."Tony," Obadiah said, with faux sadness. "Tony, Tony. It really didn't have to come to this, you know."He found a grin. Rustled it up from somewhere, his cuffed hands hanging between them, the hard, curious stares of Captain Rogers and his crew boring into his back. He slapped on his best grin, and threw it into Obie's face."Yeah it did," he said, very quietly. Knotting his fingers together, listening to the humming in his blood. "It did, Obie."The man he'd once thought of as a second father dropped his eyes, a tiny, disappointed shake of his head. Looking sideways back up at Tony, and there, there was the thing Tony had never seen. The thing Tony should have seen. An utter hardness, a remorseless disappointment. A sigh, like Tony'd failed, all over again, and it was just such a shame.His gorge rose. He swallowed it back, savagely, and focused on the liquid silver in the back of his skull instead."You shou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Alternate Universe - Space
Violence
Implied Torture
Spaceships
Artificial Intelligence
Science Fiction
Space Opera

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

