Work Text:

Tony squints and looks away from the bright burn of the welding torch. It’s moved in smooth, sure passes over the joint, and Tony knows he should be studying the technique, but without safety goggles he can’t look.

There’s a hiss as the torch is turned off. Tony turns back to see the weld, perfectly straight and regular, both the metal and the torch’s end glowing soft orange from the heat.

The torch is rapped once against the bench, almost like a boxer tapping out of a fight. There’s a blackened mark left where the end met the wood.

It’s held out to him.

End first.

“Take this.”

Tony does.
~ Steve pushed the last of the stir-fry from the pan. Clint picked up two of the loaded plates and handed them out. Steve heard quiet thanks from Bruce and Natasha as he ran the pan under the tap. Steam hissed up, drawn away by the fan. Clint took another two plates, and walked out to the table with them. Steve picked up the last one, and turned to follow.Tony had just closed the drinks cabinet, empty-handed, when Steve drew level with him. “Plate?” Steve offered it.Tony glanced down. He seemed to take a little longer to answer than usual. “Put it on the table for me. Changed my mind.” He opened the glass doors again, and grabbed one of the bottles. Steve shrugged, and went out to the table.~ Tony exhaled slowly, establishing that he still had that much control over his breathing. The adrenaline rush was already fading off in the absence of the threat. Threat, he scoffed, more harshly than strictly necessary. It was Steve with a plate.And more to the point, it wasn’t a threat because he hadn’t actually needed to take said plate. Perhaps he’d done it slightly less elegantly than he might have, and he hoped Steve hadn’t noticed that he’d picked the cointreau – not a drink he would have with dinner – but he’d done it well enough.He flexed his hands, trying to drive the pain from them. Concentrating on the muscles moving under the skin, tendons rippling, the faint lines of sweat in the grooves of his palms. Uninjured. Whole.Empty.~ Steve glanced up as Tony came in and took the last seat at the table. “No drink after all?”Tony’s shoulders rose and fell, symmetrical and smooth. “Changed my mind again.” He picked up his fork and stabbed at the stir-fry.Of all the things Steve would have called Tony Stark, indecisive would not have been one of them. On the contrary, Tony struck him as the type of man who knew exactly what he wanted and how to get it. Changing his mind, twice, over something as simple as a drink with dinner seemed out of character.On the other hand, Steve had known Tony for an entire two weeks, and for those two weeks they’d done almost nothing but fight off an alien invasion and then start cleaning up the debris. This dinner together was one of the few social occasions they’d managed. It really wasn’t that surprising that Steve didn’t have a solid grasp on Tony after so short an acquaintance.Steve took another mouthful of the truly excellent stir-fry. They were a team. He would come to know Tony, and all of the others, better. They had time.~
The flask is tipped very, very slowly, until a thin stream of liquid falls from the lip. It has high surface tension, though, and runs a little down the side of the flask before it pours out freely. Tony watches the colored streak move slowly down the side of the flask, until it reaches the base, beading up until some of it finally breaks loose.

It hisses when it hits the metal underneath it.

The flask is tilted to make sure the last drops don’t stay in the bottom, and Tony watches the external trail of liquid follow the new path of least resistance, covering more of the flask.

It’s empty at last, and straightened up. The liquid on the outside has been spread over so much distance that it isn’t forming droplets anymore, but is smeared thinly over the glass.

The flask is thrust towards him.

“Take this.”

Tony does.
~ Steve’s back twinged a little as he lifted the I-beam. He wrapped his arms around it more securely before crossing over to the skip and dumping it inside. He reached behind himself, and probed at the sore muscle. His fingers didn’t cause more pain, so it wasn’t a strain or a knot, but if he didn’t take a break it would probably become one.
There’s no time, no time to rest, get back on your feet, people die every second that you’re not helping them-
He sighed, and consciously adjusted his mental space again. This wasn’t the war he’d left behind, the war where there were only two options, flat out and down time, because everything moved so fast there was no time for breaks on the job. Here, now, the debris wasn’t going anywhere. It would wait for him, and do no harm while he worked out the growing ache.He raised his arms above his head, and bent from side to side. His back turned warm and eased out at being moved in a different direction to bending to lift something. A few more light stretches, and Steve put himself back to work.Tony dropped do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-archive warnings
Tony doesn't like to be handed things
Angst
Past Abuse
Howard's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

