Chapter 1: Pre-Wooing
    




Chapter Text

If Peter Parker had been in the business of handing out gold stars or pats on the back he definitely felt he deserved at least a dozen of either at the end of his first month as Spider-Man. The first several for how quickly he had come to accept the whole “being a superhero” deal. The second four or five for how he hadn’t allowed himself to use that as an excuse to stop turning in his music homework, no matter how much he sucked at it. The final few for how he was managing to burn the candle at ends he hadn’t known candles had. Peter could only conclude that spiders would make great Wall Street traders, being-arachnids aside.All things considered, he wasn’t burned out, just say, high schooler-aiming-for-Harvard burned out. It was manageable. Writing test answers with an arm that jarred thanks to [enter Villain of the Week here] was a chore and washing his suit nightly in a 24 hour Laundromat in Chinatown while he sat in his tighty whities to keep from arousing Aunt May’s suspicions about his new-found clean-freak tendencies was an especial bitch but it was all doable.What wasn’t so doable, Peter knew by week six of the gig, was any kind of normal human social interaction. Luckily, Peter was still down in metaphorical basement of Midtown High’s popularity ranking so the change in his behaviour wasn't even noticed. The only complication came in the shape of Gwen Stacy and her insistence on being a super-smart, super-friendly, super-sharp honor roll student who had to ask him, at every turn, how he was faring.Peter thought about it from her point-of-view, the guppy-like delay before he remembered to give a practiced, casual smile and a shrugged “Nothing, nah, it’s all cool”. In his head, Peter filtered through replies of “I have Captain America’s number in my cell-phone. He gave me a shoulder squeeze. I kind of don’t ever want to wash it now” and “Sorry, I’m trying to think how to defeat a guy who dresses up like an evil mechanical cephalopod but you were saying?” and “I’m deciding how to let down the Avengers about joining their group, how’s “It’s not you, it’s me” sound to you?”.He found himself looking into Gwen’s face and wondering how exactly it was that he felt about her, about "things". Was he was sad that he couldn’t bring himself to give a no-holds barred account of all the Spider-Man madness, AKA The Really Bad Plan (hey, he’d read comics as a kid: girlfriends and sidekicks. It was always the girlfriends and sidekicks, right?)? Or, was it that he wasn’t actually sad? Wasn’t sad because at least he had someone who was determined to be his friend in spite of the insanity he was learning to doggy paddle in. He didn’t have the luxury of the time to come to any conclusions. For the first time in his life Peter found himself using the calendar app on his smart phone religiously. Chemistry homework at four, punch out Boomerang at six, get home in time to peel potatoes with aunt May at eight. It mostly worked. Until. He blamed his college applications. Peter seriously did not have time for all the ass-kissing. He'd been forced to cut another hour off his already pretty lean nightly sleep. A whole hour, just to make the time to search his soul for reasons why he wanted to attend college aside from maybe one day having a job and income that would enable him to live someplace where he has didn’t have to defend socks strewn on his bedroom floor and the use of towels until they started to crunch. The change to his schedule threw him right back off balance again, leaving him yawning when he was supposed to be shooting webs, blinking back sleep when he should have been scampering out of sight. The boomerang that whizzed towards his head should, by rights, have sliced clean through his neck at the jugular. Instead, it had landed on the floor with a “plunk” and the night air had jarred with the grate of metal on metal and then with gunfire at close quarters. Peter had been left, stock still and eyes wide in the aftermath. A beat later, a wet slap of flesh hit the concrete and the boy was left staring at Boomerang and thinking how the guy wasn’t that bad, attempts on his life aside. When the villain started whimpering a second later about how badly his throwing hand hurt, Peter let out the breath he hadn’t know he was holding. A huge figure stepped out of the shadows. Peter filled with dread as his gaze panned up and up and up some more until he was looking into a mask that reminded him of those knock-off “Spideyman” costumes he’d seen on eBay, shipping out of Hong Kong in 16-25 working days. “Oh god, I’ve got a fanboy” Peter’s brain offered. A second later, he caught sight of – holy fuck, who even owned katanas outside of Japanese cartoons? – and then added in the boomerang-falling-out-of-the-air-plus-well-aimed-gunfire to correct himself: “Oh god I’ve got a ninja stalker”.

“Hey,” the figure’s voice was no better, gravelly and foreboding, “Might want to be more careful in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

freeform: 
Bromance
Violence
Wade Has Issues

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

