Chapter 1: Part I
    




Chapter Text
At supersonic speed, it didn’t take Tony long to make his way to Stark Tower in New York. He slowed down as he approached the city, flying over skyscrapers. He made a pass by Osborne’s tower, doing a circle around it and taking in the damage that had been done the previous night. The top part had fallen over and was lying on top of the building, close to teetering over; work crews were already gathering around it to carry out repairs.Having taken in the damage, Tony continued on to the tower, seeking out the window to Pepper’s office.He hovered in front of it, tapping the glass to catch her attention. The sound made her jump and whirl around in her chair, eyes widening and mouth opening in what was clearly a shocked “Tony!”Tony called her phone, watching her pick it up even as her eyes didn’t leave him. “Hey, Pep.”“Tony!” Yep, her voice was as shocked as he’d thought it would be. “What are you doing?”“Hanging out.” Tony shrugged, the suit exaggerating the motion. “What? Is that not allowed now?”“When you told me you’d be coming, I didn’t think it would be like this!”“Relax. Give me five minutes and I’ll be right there.” Tony held up five fingers and fed more power to his thrusters, rocketing up to the penthouse.Landing on the landing podium, he had the suit retract to its suitcase form before going to the elevator and pushing the button for Pepper’s floor.When he entered Pepper’s office, he saw that she was standing in front of her desk, exhaling slowly when she saw him.“Miss me?” he asked, grinning.“Tony.” Her smile was rather strained. “Not that I’m not happy to see you, but what are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be with Steve?”“It’s not like we’re attached at the hip,” Tony said, letting his armor go and having it settle at the foot of one of the chairs by Pepper.Besides, Steve hadn’t gotten back in touch with him. Not yet. Tony didn’t want to think about what it meant, except that his brain wasn’t listening to him and was narrating all the worst case scenarios that were possible.Besides, hadn’t Steve promised to call if it was something big? A mission that took several days was big by anyone’s standards, even though Tony wasn’t suited for reconnaissance or anything else that involved subtlety. Then again, the same could be said for Thor and Bruce, so why were they gone as well?The whole thing stank of either broken promises or deception. And Tony knew which one he would prefer.“Maybe not,” Pepper said, “but it’s been a month since you’ve seen him. Why are you here, Tony?”“I can’t just visit a friend?” Tony sat down in his seat with a flourish, folding one leg over the other before clasping his hands over the knee on top.“I have to drag you here on a good day.” Pepper cast an eye over Tony’s posture before making her way to the seat behind the desk. “If you show up here with no warning, you want something,” she said, smoothly sitting down.“Not always…” Pepper’s face told him that he should know better than to finish that statement. “Okay, I need something.”“I knew it.”“Last night.” Tony leaned back in the chair, folding his arms across his chest.“Oh, last night.” Pepper sighed, bringing a hand up to rub her temple. “That was a mess.”“My team wasn’t here, Pepper. What’s more, I didn’t hear about the lizard and the newest superhero in town until I saw it in a newspaper. A newspaper. No one could have told me?” Steve telling him didn’t count, as it hadn’t yet been confirmed that Spider-Man was a hero.Pepper didn’t say anything.Tony covered his mouth, taking it off momentarily to say, “Well?”“What do you need?”The hand went down, only to be clasped over his elbow. “I’m looking to establish the Avengers as its own organization free from any agencies.”Blinking, Pepper was momentarily speechless. Then she found her voice. “I know you’ve had problems with Fury, Tony…but isn’t this a bit of a…” She shook her head slightly as she searched for an appropriate word. “…an overreaction?”“Trust me, it isn’t.” Tony leaned forward as she opened her mouth. “No, no, listen to me, Pepper. I’ve thought this over carefully. I know Fury doesn’t like me on his team. But that’s no excuse for not telling me that they’re on a mission. There are several – maybe three”—his hand made a small movement like a scale to accompany his words—“reasons for this. One, he doesn’t like having a mutant on the team. Two, he doesn’t like having an untrained mutant on the team. Three, he doesn’t like me because I’m volatile, don’t listen to authority…basically anything that defines me.“So let’s look at that,” Tony continued, cutting Pepper off before she could speak, though she opened her mouth. “One has a fifty-fifty chance of being true. He doesn’t like me because I’m a mutant. But he didn’t know I was a mutant until that little incident a while back”—Pepper had a weird expression on her face—“so that doesn’t really make much sense. Two makes no sense because of what I’ve been doing for the last month. So tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Adventure
Drama
Friendship
Romance
Angst
Humor
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark is a genius
Crossover
Mild torture
Extremis
Unwanted Body Modification
Tony is a Mutant
BAMF Tony
Established Relationship
Suspense
Ensemble Cast

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

