Work Text:
“Why are you tapping?” Natasha asks, looking sideways at Steve. "Stop tapping."Steve looks down at the fork in his hand and carefully stops beating it against the side of the empty bowl sitting on the table in front of him.  “Sorry,” he says and puts the fork down.  “Worried?” Clint asks from Steve’s other side. Steve doesn’t know why they’ve decided to bookend him but he’s sure they have reasons. "No," Steve says quickly, "I'm sure they're fine." Stark and Bruce are always fine; Steve's more worried about the mayhem they may be causing while being fine.  It’s been a few hours since the Alfheim ambassador led them away to show them some technology or other and they’re not back yet.  Steve might just be a little concerned. Even if Stark and Bruce lost track of time, the ambassador should have brought them back for the official state dinner that the Alfheim queen is throwing in their honour.Thor looks up from his empty plate and frowns.  "Perhaps we should go and fetch them?  It would not do to scorn the meal the Alfheim people have prepared for us."Steve would accuse him of just wanting to get down to the business of eating, but Thor is actually very good at diplomacy – much better than any of the rest of them, except maybe Natasha – and since it was his father who set up the meeting, he has a particular interest in making a good impression here."Yeah," Steve agrees, half-rising.  He stops when Natasha touches his arm lightly and jerks her head toward the high table, where Agent Coulson is sitting, next to Queen Alfdis.   Coulson widens his eyes meaningfully when he sees that he's got Steve's attention.  Not yet, he says with the briefest shake of his head and Steve subsides.Another uncomfortable few seconds later, they hear the sound of running feet.  Thor's shoulders relax, obviously thinking the best, but Steve feels his gut tense, waiting to see who's coming toward them in such a hurry."See, my friends, there was no reason to fear - " Thor starts, just before the door crashes open and a woman in white robes comes running in.  She drops to her knees in front of the Queen then bounces up immediately, stalking toward the Avengers' table.  "You!" she snaps. "You and your people are no longer welcome here."Steve suppresses a sigh.  Of course.  It was too much to expect Stark to be able to take part in a diplomatic inspection of other people’s technology without causing a scene, and Bruce is not nearly as good an influence on him as Steve secretly hoped he would be."Brigid?" the Queen demands, rising to her feet.  "What do you mean?  These warriors are our honoured guests.""These warriors." Brigid spits the word. "Have defiled our most sacred room, Majesty.  I will not have them here any longer.""Defiled?" Clint murmurs.  "Yep, that sounds like Stark.""Shh," Steve hisses even though he privately agrees with Clint’s assessment. "Majesty," he says louder, but Coulson's already standing up, coming to stand between Brigid and the Queen.  He bows carefully, exactly following the rules that Thor and his parents drilled into them before opening up the Bifrost to get them to Alfheim."My lady," he says, bowing again, "I don't know what's happened, but - ""Defiled!" Brigid spits again. She seems to like that word. "Your so-called scientists entered the Vault.  No one may enter the Vault without express permission from her Majesty.  A permission that hasn't been granted in almost a decade and never to an outsider.""Ah," Coulson says.  He looks tired.  Steve understands how he feels.  "I'm afraid our scientists can be a little impetuous yes, but - ""No." The Queen steps forward. "Agent Coulson, I'm sorry, but Brigid is right.  Unauthorised entry into the Vault is a serious matter.""Of course." Coulson nods.  "I hope you'll accept our apologies and that our visit here can continue but - ""Agent Coulson," the Queen interrupts, "I'm afraid you don't understand.  Unauthorised entry into the Vault is a serious offence. I must ask you to hand over your scientists to our judicial system."Steve's head snaps around at that and he finds the others staring back at him.  Judicial system sounds bad.  He'd expected this would mean the untimely end to their diplomatic visit to Alfheim, but not the untimely end to Stark and Bruce's lives.  Not, he suspects, that they'd stand much chance of executing Bruce.Stark, however, is a different matter."Ma'am," he starts, leaning forward.  Thor leans around Clint's back and pokes Steve meaningfully in the back.  Steve stands up.  "Ma'am," he repeats.The Queen shakes her head.  "I'm sorry Captain, everyone." She nods around the room.  The Alfheimians present are starting to whisper rapidly.  "These are our laws.  A court will convene in thirty minutes.  I will see you then."She sweeps from the room with a final nod, dragging Brigid along with her, still talking quietly and rapidly."Shit," Clint says with feeling as soon as the door crashes closed behind them.  He catches Coulson's eye and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
De-Aged Characters
handwavey magic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

