Work Text:
Steve would be lying if he ever said he had never been jealous of his best friend and lover Bucky Barnes. That being the case, never had Steve imagined when he and Bucky began their polyarmous relationship with Tony that he’d want to lock Bucky in a closet just so he could spend five damn minutes alone with Tony.
The relationship had formed months ago, and at the time Bucky and Steve had been a couple on their own, so there had been a lot of attempts early on to make certain Tony never felt excluded or like he was just a kink. Steve had been adamant that Bucky and him couldn’t go out together alone—Tony had to be present or else they stayed in. After a month of that, Tony had rolled his eyes and smacked Steve upside the head.
Since then, Steve and Bucky had gone out alone quite a bit, but the dates between the two of them were few compared to the ones that included Tony.
The three of them were happy and perfect; Steve couldn’t ask for anything more.
Then about a month ago, Steve realized something:
He’d never been alone on a date with just Tony.
Steve had just gotten back from a mission one evening when he’d made the discovery.
He’d come home to a tower empty of his two loves. Out of habit, Steve tilted his head back and asked Friday, “Do you know where Tony and Bucky went?”
“I believe Mr. Barnes decided to cash in one of his favors with Tony, and the two of them are at a roller rink. I can tell you which one if you like, Mr. Rogers.”
Steve shook his head. “No. It’s fine. They’ll probably be back soon anyway.” It was almost midnight, even if they lived in New York, a roller rink couldn’t possibly be opened past eleven at night. Tony and Bucky had to be on their way back by now.
“Patterns indicate that Mr. Barnes and Tony will not return until around two ‘o clock in the morning.”
Steve grabbed the hem of his shirt and rolled the article of clothing over his head and off. “I guess the three of us do stay out late quite a bit.”
“I’m sorry, sir, but the patterns I was referring to are solely those of Mr. Barnes and Tony’s dates.”
“Yeah, our dates.”
“No, Mr. Rogers. Bucky and Tony’s. Not yours, Bucky, and Tony’s.”
“Oh.” Steve tossed his shirt into the laundry hamper and headed toward the bathroom. He was going to take a long relaxing shower; his muscles needed it after the week he’s had. “Just curious, how long do the three of us stay out together?”
“Usually until around one-thirty.”
Interesting. “How about when it’s just me with Bucky or me with Tony?”
“Mr. Barnes and you clock in around twelve thirty.”
“And Tony and me?”
Steve kicked off his boots, stripped off his pants and undergarments, and turned on the shower. He shoved his hand under the spray to test the temperature.
Friday still hadn’t responded by the time Steve had finished checking the water.
Friday should have been able to calculate the results faster than Steve could utter another word. Had the AI malfunctioned? “FRIDAY, is something wrong?”
“Forgive me, Captain, but I was just rechecking my data, but after a thorough investigation, I must inform you that such information is unavailable.”
Steve stepped into the shower. He closed his eyes and let the spray hit him in the face before turning around and letting the water cascade over his back and shoulders. “Tony blocked access to that information?”
Other than FRIDAY being faulty or tampered with, there was no other reason Steve could fathom for why FRIDAY would not share the information with him.
“I’m sorry, sir, but that information is unavailable because it does not exist at this point and time. You and Tony have yet to go on a date without Mr. Barnes or a third party present.”
Steve chuckled. “Check your data again, FRIDAY; Tony and I have gone on dates.”
“I already have checked numerous times, sir. From the time you asked to now I have searched my memory banks for the information over a hundred times. Unless there is an instance you can recall that I do not have access to, my information is correct.”
“Two weeks ago, I asked Tony out to that Italian café Bucky and I found during one of our runs.”
“Tony invited Mr. Barnes along, sir.”
Oh. Right. Steve had forgotten.
“The movies. I took Tony to see that big sci-fi one that he called a comedy of errors.”
“Mr. Barnes found out and tagged along.”
Steve snapped his fingers as a memory came back crystal clear. “That romance movie that everyone was talking about, but Bucky refused to see, so I went with Tony.”
“That one turned into a team activity once Ms. Romanoff learned of your plans. Thor loved it, and declared it an epic piece that should the true tribulations and wonders of love.”
Steve wracked his brain. There had to be a moment he was forgetting. “Bucky goes on missions just as frequently as me. Tony and I have to have had a date.”
“While your assessment as to the frequency of Mr. Barnes’ missions is accurate, Tony and you stay in during his time away.”
“Stay home dates are still dates.” Steve grabbed the shampoo off the shower’s small 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Insecure Steve Rogers
Jealous Steve Rogers
Established Relationship
Failed Dating
Avengers Tower
poor communication
OT3
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

