Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Someone is crying.

Steve crouches down so that he can breathe and listen. There. A kid, he thinks. Off to the right, in the heart of the debris. Steve can’t imagine what a child might have been doing on that plane. He doesn’t let himself think about it, just starts shoving his way through.

“There’s a survivor,” he says over the comm.

A crackle, and then Natasha’s brisk voice: “Hang on, Cap. Containment will be there in five--”

“No,” says Steve. He’s closer now; he can see a little hunched-over shape through the smoke. “No, I think it’s - it’s a kid.”

A brief silence follows. “Say again?” says Natasha, sounding thrown off (for Natasha).

“I’m going in,” Steve says.

“What?” That’s Tony, loud and incredulous. Steve winces and rubs at his ear.

“Stand by,” he says firmly into the comm.

It is a kid, covered in soot and coughing. Steve doesn’t wait; reaches out, scoops the kid up, and gets the heck out of there.


“Is he hallucinating? Is it smoke inhalation?” Tony is already yelling as he touches down, the repulsors cutting out as he thuds to the ground and raises his faceplate. Tony wonders if Steve can even really succumb to smoke inhalation. Probably eventually, but it’s only been a few minutes. “He’s the one always lecturing about teamwork and ‘not going off like a loose cannon,’” - and okay, that last part is mostly Tony - “and I’m no expert but probably diving into the burning wreckage of a plane full of supervillains qualifies as reckless, right?”“He’s fine,” Natasha sounds calm, but she’s got her arms crossed and is standing in the very-relaxed way that Tony has started to suspect is a clever smokescreen for the times when she is not relaxed at all. He’s not sure that Natasha ever relaxes.“Fine?” Tony says dubiously. “He said there was a kid. How could there be a kid? Unless the... what the fuck were they called again?”“The Sinister Syndicate,” supplies Natasha, in a tone that shows just how unimpressed she is with the name.“Yeah. Them. Whatever. Unless they’re recruiting preschoolers, I’d say smoke inhalation is more likely, or maybe he hit his head really hard and--”“Stark, he’s fine. Give him a few minutes.”Tony looks towards the debris field, which is still largely engulfed in smoke and flames. He can’t see much with the faceplate up, since Steve ordered them all back to a safe distance before he went back in to rescue imaginary orphans.“Where are--”“Thor was following the chutes from the two unfriendlies who bailed out, and Clint went to pick up Bruce,” she says. “They should be here in--” The sound of the Quinjet coming in to land drowns out the rest of the sentence, and she just smiles serenely.The bay door hisses open and Clint and Bruce tumble out. Clint is strapping his quiver back on and Bruce is zipping up the one-piece flightsuit they keep in the jet for when he doesn’t want to wander around half-naked post-battle“What’s happening?” Clint asks. “We got more trouble?”Natasha shakes her head, but she doesn’t look as sure as she did five minutes ago. Probably because Steve’s been in there five minutes, which is way too long in Tony’s opinion.There’s the usual disciplined bickering while Clint and Natasha argue over whether they should charge off to the rescue or follow orders and stay back, while Bruce squints towards the smoke and Tony fidgets as much as he can in a highly-articulated metal suit.And then Steve emerges from the smoke, shield on one arm and in the other he’s......carrying a kid.“Well, fuck,” says Tony.Once they’ve all finished gaping (Natasha recovers first), the obvious questions arise, like “what was he doing in there?” and “how did he survive?” (Bruce) and “it’s a trap!” (Tony) which isn’t technically a question but comes up as a general rule. Steve patiently waits them out, and finally holds up a hand.“Guys, that’s enough. Whatever he was doing there, we can figure it out after he’s had some medical attention.”Which is apparently the cue for SHIELD helicopters to start circling the crash site for a landing.Maria Hill listens to a brief report from Steve, and then shoots an unreadable look at the kid.  “You’ve got this for now, Captain?”“It’s under control, Agent Hill,” says Steve.Since there’s not much the Avengers can do until the fire is out and the hazmat/bomb/who-the-hell-even-knows-when-you’re-dealing-with-meta-humans team (Fury’s name) is done, they’re left basically standing around while Hill prioritizes and directs disaster cleanup. Clint and Bruce perch on the edge of the Quinjet’s ramp. Natasha sits next to them, wrapping her elbow, which she wrenched during the initial fight with the crazy people before they took to the air and the Avengers had to chase after them.Tony looks at the kid, who has apparently fallen asleep on Steve’s shoulder.“You’re sure he’s not just a cunningly-concealed explosive device? Because that would not even be the weirdest thing that’s happened to us this month.”“He’s not a bomb, Tony,” Steve says, “not ac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Kid Loki
Adoption
Foster Care
Found Family
Team
Steve Feels
Tony Feels
Steve emotionally blackmails people with his sad
No one can say no to Steve
Post-Movie(s)
Loki Feels
Loki - Freeform
Daddy Issues
Tony has daddy issues
Clint loves cooking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

