Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve stood and stared at the rubble of his apartment building. "I thought I saw the Hulk get knocked into it."Clint clapped Steve on the shoulder that wasn't cut. "Cheer up, Cap. It could be lots worse. You could have a huge smelly whale sized alien laying dead on top of it."With a sigh, Steve turned to head back towards Stark Tower. "Not helping."Clint nodded. "Yeah, sorry."They stopped frequently to extract someone from the rubble or check on survivors. Steve wasn't surprised that the team let him fall asleep in his food while they were eating afterwards. He kept his mouth closed when Stark insulted everyone's homes as he was offering for them to sleep in the Tower. Steve could see more of Howard in his boy now. Enough to know what Stark was meaning under the awful things coming out of the man's mouth. Steve frowned at Clint grinning behind Stark's shoulder.Bruce nudged Stark with his own shoulder. "Enough, Tony. Everyone is tired."Stark nodded and nearly fell down in the elevator when his legs tried to give out. Steve and Clint almost collided trying to catch Stark. Steve eased Stark onto Banner's shoulder and blinked when Clint just draped himself along Steve's side.****Steve was asleep when someone started yelling. He pushed himself upright enough to watch Clint, red faced and crying, waving his arms at Agent Romanoff. Steve rubbed his eye and frowned as the other two suddenly wrapped themselves up in a hug.Just as fast as it started, Romanoff came away from the hug in a move that left Clint stumbling into Steve's bedding. Steve caught Clint as he landed.Clint sniffed and ducked his head. "Sorry, Cap.""Its fine." Steve rubbed at the back of Clint's neck. "Are you alright?"Clint shook his head. "No."Steve nodded. He laid back down, pulling Clint along with him. Steve held Clint tight as he quietly cried. Steve pretended to be asleep as Stark appeared with a blanket and covered them both with it.****Steve wasn't sure why he was standing outside the helicarrier's morgue doors thinking about bloody trading cards. He slipped in and stopped at the sight of Clint speaking quietly to a closed drawer. Steve moved closer and listened as Clint apologized for Loki and what Loki had caused him to do. How Clint had gotten the person killed even though he hadn't wanted any of it.Clint moved to the next drawer and started again. Steve cleared his throat and winced when it made Clint startle badly."Sorry." Steve shifted on his feet and started to turn towards the door. "I shouldn't have interrupted.""Stay." Clint pulled Steve to a different drawer, labeled P. J. Coulson. "He would have kicked my ass for coming down here by myself. Least we can do is say goodbye."Steve's nose twitched and he looked at Clint carefully. "He was your friend, right?"Clint fingered the drawer handle. "He and Nat are my family. We've done everything together at some point. Bleed, ate, slept, you name it we've..." Clint sighed and pulled away from the wall of drawers. "He was worrying you were going to let the modern world just crush you."Steve blinked. "Agent Coulson told me about his trading cards before he died."Clint nodded. "He loved those cards. He'd always put them in his locker before an operation so they couldn't get damaged.""What?"Clint looked at him oddly. "What, what?""He wouldn't have had them on him?" Steve moved closer to the drawer. Nowadays the seals were much better and he couldn't smell death from the drawer like he had in the war when they'd had body bags."No, of course not." Clint moved to the side as Steve stopped in front of the drawer. "Why?"Steve frowned and pulled on the drawer handle. "Fury showed us Coulson's bloody cards after he died. That's what got Stark and I to talking about Loki's plans."They stared at the empty metal slab that extended from the drawer when Steve pulled the little door open."Son of a bitch." Clint turned and was headed for the door before Steve could even get the drawer closed back up.****Steve sat beside Coulson's sleeping form as out in the hallway people were yelling. Neither Clint or Natasha had taken well to not being told Coulson wasn't as dead as he should have been. Steve wasn't sure who told Stark, but the man could certainly care when he wanted to.Across Coulson from Steve, Bruce sat quietly reading Coulson's chart."What do you think, Dr. Banner?"Bruce glanced up. "I think you can call me Bruce."Steve's head snapped towards the door as someone punched a wall in the hallway. "Sure, okay.""Them yelling isn't going to cause me to lose control.""No, I didn't think it would, Bruce." Steve looked down at Coulson. "Will he wake up?""I think so." Bruce sat the chart down on the bedside table. "You okay, Steve?"With a shrug, Steve leaned back in his chair. "Sure. I can't understand half of what anyone says. Everyone in news is more visible with their viciousness." He gestured to Coulson. "I'm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teambuilding
Pre-Slash
Hurt/Comfort
Gift Giving
Hopeful Ending
Post-Movie(s)
Developing Relationship
Slash
Character Development
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Pajamas & Sleepwear
Cuddling & Snuggling
Massage
Recovery
Food Issues
Food
Past Abuse
Kidnapping
Torture
Angst
Threesome - M/M/M
Barebacking
Sex Toys
Shower Sex
Endearments

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

