Work Text:
All of their neighbors think that Steve and Bucky are dating. It takes Bucky longer than it should to figure this out; an ex-Russian spy with literally hundreds of successful assignments under his belt, and he manages to miss the fact that the entire apartment building thinks he's shacking up with Steve for three months? It's an embarrassment, is what it is.In his partial defense, when Steve first brought him home, about the only good thing anyone could say about Bucky's mental state was that he didn't have a timebomb in his head just waiting for the right trigger. Still, it couldn't have been more than a month, maybe a month and a half, that he spent relearning how to be, well, him.He's been functioning normally for six weeks--or at least able to fake it convincingly--when he runs into Mrs. Moretti returning home with her groceries just as he's heading out. She has one of those collapsible wire pushcarts, which is great for getting her bags back from the store, but doesn't do squat for getting them up to her second floor apartment. Bucky holds the front door open for her, wincing inwardly as she hefts the cart with visible effort up the single step to the lobby. He thinks she may be around 75 years old; she's not their oldest neighbor, and she's not frail, but she obviously isn't strong, either."Mrs. Moretti, I'd be happy to carry your bags upstairs for you, if you'd like," he says, copying Steve's earnest good will to the best of his ability. He really doesn't want her to tackle the job on her own, but he has no illusions about how reputable he looks right now, even cleanshaven and with his metal arm covered up.Mrs. Moretti doesn't hesitate a moment, though. She just smiles up at him and says, "Oh, yes, thank you. That would be lovely, dear."She's all set to take the bags out and show him how the cart collapses, but he shakes his head and says, "I've got this," before lifting the entire cart off the floor by its handle.Mrs. Moretti's smile widens enough that he can see that she has dimples underneath her wrinkles. "I should've known," she tells him. "Steve carries it the same way."It's no surprise to hear that Steve's given her a hand with the cart, but it still gives Bucky a good feeling to have tangible evidence that he's doing an okay job of fitting himself to the contours of Steve's life. Bucky might be temporarily sidelined as far as grand redemptive gestures go, but he can carry groceries for little old ladies with the best of them...and Steve is, without question, the very best of them.He lets her lead the way up the stairs. As expected, she's slower than Bucky even without anything to weigh her down. He's seriously considering asking Steve if Tony could install an elevator in the building and write it off on his taxes somehow. Or maybe Bucky should just appoint himself the building's unofficial porter; it's not as though he has anything better to do with his time."Thank you so much," Mrs. Moretti says again when they've reached the second floor and Bucky has set her cart down. "Are you busy right now, or would you like to come in for some pound cake? You should get some kind of reward for your help.""I...uh...sure," Bucky says, caught a little off-balance by the invitation. He really isn't busy, though; his biggest plans for the day were going to the park and maybe ordering Chinese later. Besides, he knows that the main reason Steve got the okay to take Bucky home with him was that Fury thought Bucky needed to reintegrate into civilian life. It only makes sense to take advantage of any opportunities to do so that might arise, especially since Fury no doubt has been keeping eyes and ears--both human and electronic--on Bucky. Bucky might as well give the man a nice show.So he pushes Mrs. Moretti's cart past the apartment he shares with Steve and down to the end of the hall where she lives. He helps her put away her groceries despite her polite protests, and then he lets her settle him at the table with a slice of pound cake and a cup of instant coffee."There are strawberries and whipped cream, too, if you want," she says, taking a container of strawberries in syrup and a can of Reddi-Wip out of the fridge."Just some strawberries, please," Bucky says. He tried Reddi-Wip for the first time five months ago; he doesn't remember it fondly.Mrs. Moretti spoons some strawberries onto both of their plates, adds a thick swirl of cream to hers, and sits down across from Bucky. "Go ahead," she says, so Bucky takes a bite."It's really good," he says after he's swallowed, only lying slightly. Most storebought cakes taste sticky and too sweet to him, but other than that, this one isn't half-bad. He can taste hints of vanilla and...orange, maybe? Something that goes well with the strawberries, in any case."I'm glad you like it," Mrs. Moretti says. Then she puts down her fork to give him an apologetic look. "This is going to sound terrible, but I've been wracking my brains, and I just can't remember your n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Present Tense
POV Third Person
Podfic Available
Previously Remixed

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

