Chapter 1: King
    




Chapter Text
  "Loki Laufeyson Odinson, Prince of Asgard and Jotunheim through line of succession from King Odin Borsson of Asgard and royal lineage through King Laufey of Jotunheim, you are hereby named Sovereign King of Asgard and Ruler of the Nine Realms."Loki rose before the golden throne, ascending the final two steps to take his place as rightful heir over his kingdom.  There was no joy in his face, no pride at having risen from castoff runt to most powerful being in the realms.  This was no triumph, there was no glorious conquest.  The task of rulership had simply fallen to him.As he took the spear that was the symbol of kingship from his brother's hand, he turned to survey the massive crowd that had assembled to witness his coronation.  His eyes were cold and dead.  If he had looked to his right he would have seen the empty place where his queen should have been standing, but he stared straight ahead.  He didn't need to look to know that his queen was not there.There was no queen.There was only a cold, empty place in his chest where a heart had once beat, replaced now with a chill of loneliness and seething, undying rage. The royal advisors left the room one by one until only the King's Chancellor remained.  He looked at Thor with grim determination."Royal decree states Loki must take a wife."A heavy sigh made its way through Thor's lips.  "He's not going to like this.""No...but there is nothing to be done about it.""He will refuse to court.""Then we must prepare a wife for him and present her.  If he is as despondent as you say he is to the lure of a woman, then perhaps he will simply take what we offer and fulfill his duty.  He is still a man, after all...he still has - needs,  does he not?"Thor felt a rising heat in his cheeks when he realized he was playing partner to arranging consortium for his brother.  He knew Loki had enjoyed a great romance with Sigyn, that they had shared a deep and abiding love despite Loki's sometimes philandering ways.  He had always been high spirited and his longsuffering bride had turned a forgiving eye to his indiscretions.  But there was no doubt Loki had loved her. Her death had nearly broken his spirit."He is as male as any of us.  And to my knowledge, he has not visited nor been visited by any females since his wife's passing.""Any males?""Not that I'm aware of."The Chancellor nodded.  "Then we find a queen for our King.  It shouldn't be too difficult - there are purebloods crawling all over this palace thanks to your father's proclivity for taking living spoils of war." As expected, the King was not pleased with the news."Keep your damn whore, I desire no wife.""Loki, it is royal decree set forth by our forebears, you cannot hold the kingship without a bride to give you heirs.""I can fuck a chambermaid if you want heirs, they seem to be particularly ripe around here judging from the proliferation of brats constantly squealing in the courtyard."Thor winced at his brother's crass choice of words.  He had grown increasingly unpleasant since his wife's death.  "You know she must be of royal blood, Loki.  Stop being difficult.""I am in no mood to woo the blueblood daughters of our father's war buddies, not now nor will I be in the foreseeable future.""There is no need, brother.  We have someone prepared for you, you need only give your approval."Loki turned his back to Thor, his shoulders shaking in a sudden rage.  The hairs on the back of Thor's neck bristled;  he knew a storm was coming, and he knew it would be a brutal one.
 "How dare you attempt to replace her!" 
"No one is trying to replace Sigyn, Loki."  Once he'd spoken her name, Thor knew he'd made a mistake.  Loki's face twisted for just a moment, a rictus of pain and barely concealed torment before it fell to a stony, cold mask of impassivity.  He continued quickly, hoping to head off the outburst that he sensed was coming.  "But you have an obligation to provide heirs - ""I did provide heirs!  How soon you forget, dear brother, your own nephews, murdered right beneath your very nose.  Have you already erased Valli and Narvi from memory, the way you've done my poor wife?"Thor let his gaze fall to the floor in respect for Loki's still raw grief."No one has forgotten them, Loki.  We carry them in our hearts, your sons and your wife.  But you are king now, and progeny must be procured.""Such a polite way of saying I'm under obligation to impregnate some whore of your choosing."  His voice was bitter and biting.  "Well bring her to me, lets get this procurement started."Thor sighed.  It was as he feared - his brother had no intention of taking another wife to heart.  Whoever he was presented with would bear the brunt of his rage and anger, powerless against his abuse, a slave in the guise of a spouse.  He could love no one.  The poor woman would be nothing more than a breeding pony."We have a woman of pure blood residing here in the palace, she was taken as spoils of war from Adelheim 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Lyra

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Rape/Non-con Elements
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Torture
Punishment
Forced Marriage
Forced Pregnancy
Sexual Slavery
Cruelty
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Has Issues
Master/Slave
Concubine
royal consort
King Loki
Domestic Violence
Asgard
Post-Avengers Asgard
Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Rough Sex
Sexual Frustration
Wedding Night
Loki Angst
Thor Angst
Loss of Virginity
Loss of Innocence
Brothers
Brother Feels
hinted/implied Thor/Loki past sexual relationship
Non-Consensual Spanking
Orgasm Denial
sexual awakening
Humiliation
Verbal Abuse
Physical Abuse
Abuse of Authority
Orgasm
Oral Sex
Clone Sex
Voyeurism
Woman on Top
Dominance
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Spanking
Forced Submission
Fighting
physical violence
Mood Swings
Bruising
spousal abuse
Whipping
Beating
Restraints
Strapping
Shapeshifter Loki
Shapeshifting
Childbirth
Pain Sharing
War
Battle
Attempted Murder
Cliffhangers
Stabbing
is he dead?

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Lyra

