Work Text:
Clint stares up at the three-story cottage with its windbreak of silver-leaved poplars. He can hear the distant crash of waves on the beach just down the hill. He swallows.“Are your folks, like, rich?” he says, leaning against the battered Corvette. It is 1989 vintage and sometimes Clint swears the bastard loves it more than he loves Clint.“By some standards,” Phil says as he goes around to the boot to get their bags. There’s a hint of nerves in his tone, but no more than an unseen bomb threat would generate.“You said this is just their holiday house. Looks kind of expensive,” Clint looks over the roof of the car to raise an eyebrow at Phil, who is struggling to pop the boot. The driver’s seat lever no longer works and the lock is stiffer than Stark at CES. Shit, that reminds Clint, he’s gotta cut the filthy inneundos. Phil said his parents were traditional. Not foaming-at-the-mouth traditional, but apparently they like their conversation tasteful, whatever the hell that means.“Well, no, it’s more their summer home, they live it in for most of the year,” a pink blush rises over Phil’s collar, which is open and released from the shackles of his usual work tie. It was two hours drive from Stark Tower and Clint cured the boredom by seeing how close he could get his tongue to Phil’s exposed neck before Phil threatened to pull over.“Are we going to get a summer home when we retire?” he asks, coming around and thumping the top of the boot with his fist. Phil makes a strangled noise at this blatant Corvette abuse but the lock clicks open.“If we both make it to retirement, Barton, I will buy you a home for every season and a couple more in case of unseasonal weather,” Phil promises, smiling that smile. Clint pecks him on the mouth in full view of the front windows, and Phil doesn’t dodge it, so clearly his parents aren’t that traditional.Clint grabs both the bags – he’s not big on hugging strangers, so this should give him an excuse if any of Phil’s relatives go in for the kill – heaves them up onto his shoulders and follows Phil towards the summer home.---Phil's mother greets them at the door in an olive-green, Grecian gown. Tomorrow she's seventy-five, and today wears her silver hair and sun-given wrinkles like a chieftess donned in armour. She drags her son in for a hug and a peck on the cheek as if he was still in grade school."And this is Clint!" she brays, holding out her arms to him. Oh, God, that's a hug gesture. Phil is watching him with a desperate expression like he genuinely expects Clint to turn and bolt. Clint puts down the bags and accepts the embrace. Mama Coulson smells of salt water and freshly administered perfume."Hi, Mrs Coulson.""Jenny, please Clint, call me Jenny," she squeezes his shoulder with a strong hand as she pulls away. She was a champion rower in her day, Phil says, and she's a couple of inches taller than Clint. "I would say Phil's told us all about you, but you know him, you couldn't drag gossip out with wild horses, et cetera," she pronounces all four syllables. She probably speaks Latin. Guh.Most of the family is scattered through the sunny house, or comes up from the beach soon enough. Phil is the baby of his generation, though with barely two years between him and his twin brother and sister he always hated being called ‘youngest’. Clint memorised the family tree in the car; both siblings are married, the sister divorced, they have three kids each and a nephew is wedded with a baby. Four out of the five other kids – mostly adults, really – has a boyfriend or girlfriend in tow for this birthday weekend. Is the married nephew by the sister or brother? Shit. Clint can’t remember.---In the next hour he's greeted by seven people under the age of thirty and a black-haired woman he's eighty percent sure is Phil's sister-in-law. He can't tell the younger bunch apart. "I'm Lily," he's told, "I'm Michael, this is Erika," and "I'm Penelope, Harold's my partner," and "Katrina's outside, but I'm Jason."Fuck. Clint's totally lost. Phil seems to know every one of them, kissing cheeks and gripping biceps without making a distinction between blood relations and partners. A girl at least ten years younger than Clint, with a crimson-dyed bob, cries as she shakes his hand, "Oh my God, Phil, he's practically a toddler," and a guy in an expensive suit jacket (Michael?) gives a bark of laughter, "Phil just has better taste than you, Georgie."Clint is intensely relieved when Phil peels them away from the horde so they can get upstairs and unpack. They climb the stairs to the top of the house, past an open door where a blonde is breastfeeding and reading her kindle at the same time. She cheerfully waves at them, "Hello, Phil! I thought by the raucous welcome it must be you."“Hi Michelle. Was Trent okay in the car? This is Clint, by the way.”“Heya, Clint. Trent slept most of the way. We think he liked the movement. He’ll be a sailor like your dad,” Michelle smiles, her silken hair fallen in wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Domestic
Meet the Family
Action
Lovecraftian Villain

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

