Work Text:
“We can’t find Steve,” Natasha says, concise and to the point, as she strides into Tony’s workshop amidst a cacophony of squealing alarms from both DUM-E and U.“Is that supposed to upset me?” Tony replies, from where he’s lying on his back on his favorite car creeper, half-covered by the sleek body of his bright orange McLaren. “Also, security breach. Another one.”“It will,” she warns coolly, completely disregarding his tirade as Tony knew she would, and he watches with no small amount of horror as her feet move closer to his position of dwindling safety in the gap between the car’s chassis and the floor. “Because you’re going to find him.”Tony sighs as he feels himself being wheeled out from under the belly of the car, until Natasha stops him shortly with an outstretched boot to his shoulder. He looks up, and her piercing glare meets his.“So I’m supposed to believe that the most proficient spy agency in the world can’t track down one lone super-solider without my help. Yeah,” he scoffs, rolling his eyes pointedly. “Right. So I’m just going to—”“We know he has his phone,” Natasha says, “but it’s been switched off, and our facial recognition systems are not yet back online after Loki’s assault on the helicarrier so—”“Colonel Cyclops is really dropping the ball without Coulson around, isn’t he, I mean it’s been months—”“—we have no way to track him. No easy one, at least,” she amends, before falling silent. Only then does she look miffed at his interruption.“So if anything is too difficult for SHIELD you dump it on me? Good plan.”“I agree,” Natasha says. “Good plan. Now go find him.”“It’s not as difficult as—look, I made that phone he uses, and it has a power system comparable to my arc reactor. You can’t turn that off.” He grabs a hold of the car and moves to pull himself back under. “Just pinpoint the phone’s power signature and—oof,” he grunts, as Natasha’s foot presses down sharply on Tony’s shoulder, stopping him in his tracks.“Stark,” she warns.“Dammit. Fine, yes, okay, stop torturing me, Jesus,” Tony whines, and he lets Natasha drag the car creeper completely away from the McLaren, then glares at her until she finally lifts her foot. He scrambles to his feet. “Please note that I am doing this under protest,” he shoots at Natasha, who just smirks at him with a self-satisfied gleam in her eye.  “JARVIS, wake up,” he says dejectedly. “We’re apparently going into Senior Citizen Retrieval Mode, chop chop.”“Where shall we start, sir?” JARVIS asks, prompt and efficient like always, and the holographic projectors flicker to life, a slowly rotating globe about seven feet in diameter appearing in the air in front of him. Natasha moves a few paces away, off and to the side and unobtrusive, just as Tony likes his unwanted spectators. Good girl.“Let’s start with Manhattan, he probably hasn’t gone far.” The hologram shifts and zooms, and a flat ceiling-high map of the city appears, dotted with about a dozen blue orbs of varying size.“Here’s the Tower, and I’d know—you’d know, if he was here,” Tony says, pointing at the largest orb, before swatting it away. “Clint’s out on patrol, and if he stuck to today’s route and brought his phone like he was supposed to—” he swats away another smaller ball of light. “These are all different facilities of Stark Industries,” gesturing away the last few orbs. “So that leaves us with…. Huh. Is that—? Huh.” And he quickly swipes away the last location before Natasha can maneuver herself in position to see.“Stark,” Natasha growls, crossing her arms and fixing Tony with an exasperated look. “Do you have his location? Do you know where Steve is?”But Tony merely grins, already making his way over to the Audi and throwing open the door with a flourish. “Yeah, I do,” he replies with uninhibited glee. “And I’m going to go get him. Hang tight, sweetheart, I’ll be back in a few,” and he’s gunning out of there before he can hear her curses. No doubt she’ll have a tail on him in the time it takes to weave through the maze of the Tower’s private underground garage, but a head start is never a bad thing; maybe it’ll give him enough time to lose it.Tony whoops loudly as the car hits the street in a squeal of tires and a roar of the engine, before setting his sights on East  Harlem. *  *  * Steve is sitting calmly on a park bench when Tony finally finds him.  He’s smiling dopily at a small golden-colored French bulldog curled up in his lap, and Tony can tell it’s asleep; figures Steve’s lap would be comfortable.“You are just dripping with clichés, Rogers,” Tony says as he approaches. “Dripping.”Steve sighs, but he doesn’t look surprised to see him.  He probably smelled Tony coming from a mile away, the freak. “Hello, Tony,” Steve says, and his shoulders go taut, his warm smile all but vanished.“Well, you’re happy to see me,” Tony says cheekily. He plops down on the bench beside Steve, and reaches out to bat at the dog’s paws. The dog opens its eyes, and snuffs at Tony sleepily.“SHIELD mad
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
First Kiss
Pining
Unimpressed Cats

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

