Work Text:
Steve is sitting on the couch drawing the scene in front of him while trying to look like he isn’t drawing the scene in front of him.Peter sits on the floor with his Aunt Natasha. They’re both coloring in his adventure book, which surprisingly isn’t Iron Man themed despite the fact that Tony had bought it for him. It’s actually themed from Pixar’s Cars, and Peter takes special care to outline the cartoony vehicles with his crayon before filling the rest of it in with a heavy hand. Every so often he’ll look at Tasha and she’ll give her frank approval of his skills before she returns to her own car.Peter has only been in the Tower for six months, now, and though he looks way too much like Tony, Steve is shocked by how very un-Stark he is. Peter is quiet, which considering the circumstances of how he came to be in Tony’s complete custody isn’t the surprising, but he’s also cautious and mindful. When a hyper mood strikes him the torrent of energy is contained, only small trails to tell an onlooker that a child tore through on a sugar-induced high.Peter pauses in coloring and looks up to Tasha for long seconds before she looks over at him. Tony says that he has a major crush on Widow, and Steve kind of thinks it’s true. The little boy will spend time with the other Avengers—Steve puts in his fair share of babysitting time while Tony is on rare and sparse dates—but if Natasha is around, Peter will even abandon Tony’s lap to go sit in hers.Natasha gives him a smile which Peter returns.Natasha is the only one on the Avengers’ team who knew of Pete’s existence before that fateful day six months ago when Tony called from the hospital, shaken and near distraught. Steve doesn’t know all the details, but Tony had told him earlier that same day that he was going to be out for a couple of days and to call if he was needed. The next thing Steve knew was that Natasha was breaking their sparring session to answer her phone and then she was calling Pepper and getting ready to go to the hospital.Later, he learned that Peter’s mother, step-father, aunt and uncle had all been gunned down in his aunt and uncle’s house. Peter had been locked in his room until Tony showed up to pull him out of the closet he had hidden himself in. The first month he wouldn’t leave Tony’s arms without crying and throwing himself on the floor. The second month, Pepper and Tasha could hold him but he seemed to always be looking for Tony if he wasn’t in the room. By the fourth month, somehow, someway, Steve had been added to the list.Now, Peter is slowly settling in with the team. He likes Bruce well enough to continuously give him stuffed animals. Clint won him with some old circus tricks that he remembered and didn’t mind sharing to get Peter to smile. Thor, though, Thor took some time for Peter and even now, he’s not entirely sure, because Thor is huge and loud and boisterous. He makes up for it though by always settling down on his haunches so he’s more Peter’s height. It seems to help, and usually turns into Tony plopping his son down on Thor’s back so Thor can give him a pony ride.Steve smiles at the memory of the small boy settled on Thor’s back as he tries to catch Peter’s smile on paper, tries to focus on how much happier Peter seems to be since Tony brought his four year old son into their lives, cooing and shushing the crying boy.His smile only grows when he thinks about how Tony is with him. Steve never really would have guessed Tony to be quite as good as he is at being a father. Tony, who’s is brazen and obnoxious and doesn’t seem to have any head for rules or following orders; who’s impatient and sometimes easy to anger and sometimes so fucking self-centered it’s mind-boggling tries to be there 110% for his son. It’s not easy, and Steve can see it, the struggle to keep everything in his life balanced, to be a hero, a SHIELD consultant, and inventor and a board member for his company, as well as coming home and making sure Peter sees him and he can play with his boy.He manages it though and it warms Steve’s heart to see the way Tony’s attention can dwindle down to his son as he talks softly about a dinosaur toy he’s made a world for.JARVIS startles Steve, addressing Peter and telling him, “It’s noon, young sir. You’re father set a reminder for you.”Before Steve can really even blink, Peter is up on his feet and off like a rocket, leaving Steve on the couch and Natasha still coloring on the floor, her feet kicked up in the air and humming a little tune to herself.*Tony wakes up to a repetitive, if soft, “Daddy, Dad, Daddy, Daddy,” and a small hand patting his forearm insistently. Strangely, it is now Tony’s favorite way to wake up, second to none and followed closely by Steve snatching his blankets away and declaring he cannot sleep the day away.He takes a deep breath and opens his eyes to see Peter’s wide, delighted eyes, eager excitement written plainly on his face as he bounces just a little on his feet. Tony manages a small, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
pre-
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Minor Character Death
Kid Fic
Superhusbands
Superfamily
Tony is an awesome dad
Peter has a crush on Aunt Natasha

fandom: 
pre-
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

