Work Text:
-‘So, do you think your cock would fit in my mouth?’ asks Loki brightly one evening. Thor drops Mjolnir noisily on the floor of the bedroom as if this was unexpected. It really wasn’t, in Loki’s opinion, because Thor should have noticed how Loki was very, very interested in the size of his brother’s thick, warm dick. And it wasn’t his fault if Loki had begun thinking of doing other things than simply riding it. It comes down to the fact that he wants to know his brother’s most private place – the heat, the weight, the taste. ‘Let me suck it,’ smiles Loki, head tilted so he looks through the fringe of his lashes, watching the glorious, tanned muscle of Thor as he grabs the handle of Mjolnir to place her on the space beside the fur bed. ‘You are yet small, Loki,’ says Thor quietly, undoing the clasps of his armor and letting it lean against the wall, leaving him but in tunic and trousers. Already, Loki is ready, his fingers twisting in his breeches, loosening them – his cock twitching in excitement. ‘That’s the point,’ he says, hopping off the bed and moving quickly to Thor, before the man can protest, because Loki wants. Surprisingly, Thor only watches him gently as his small fingers undo the breeches, letting the trousers drop around his ankles. ‘You’re still soft,’ admonishes Loki, and Thor laughs, a large hand tangling in the boy’s dark hair. ‘But for how long?’ he teases, before letting his hand curl around Loki’s throat and lifting him. It arouses Loki beyond belief – seeing Thor look down at him through his lashes, the sharp, searing blue of his irises that seem to shrink as his pupils bloom with desire. And Thor’s strength – his size – the callouses of his hand wrapped around Loki’s throat like a threat – hurt me fuck me break me please brother – Thor sets Loki down back on the fur pelt and steps out of his trousers, before propping his back against the wall, knees drawn up and legs spread, his flaccid cock growing as Loki peers at it from his hands and knees. ‘Is this what you wanted?’ His voice is even, his gaze sharp, because if anyone is confident with sex, it is his big brother. Loki swallows, his mouth suddenly dry. ‘Yes, fuck, I want to suck it,’ he murmurs, crawling towards Thor’s lap, kicking off his own trousers to palm his hardening cock. He places his hand on Thor’s strong, lean thigh – looking like a pale, small doll compared to his brother’s size. He reaches forward – his hand leaving his own dick and wrapping his childish fingers around Thor’s impressive girth. Tentatively, he cranes his neck forward and presses an open-mouthed kiss on the head. Thor hisses. Loki loves it. He pumps the man’s cock once, twice – feeling it grow and harden, curving upwards, a creeping red flush starting to take over. Loki licks his lips, tilting forward again, feeling how his fingers cannot reach around Thor’s thickness all the way. He licks at the head, tasting a hint of saltiness, and moans, before swallowing the entire cockhead down. His mouth is already threatening to stretch, but Loki keeps going, pressing the hot, rigid dick into his mouth, coating it with his saliva. Thor is groaning, and Loki hollows his cheeks, sucking, feeling the man’s hips twitch – restraining to fuck into Loki’s hot mouth. The cock feels heavy on his tongue and Loki pulls off, licking stripes from the base to tip, flicking the point of his tongue under the rigid head as his hand slides downwards to cup Thor’s heavy balls. He strokes them and Thor is throwing his head back, a smile at the corner of his mouth. ‘Do you like this?’ asks Loki, infinitely curious, because he is loving it – his own cock hanging heavy between his legs, drooling precome on the fur as he leaves kisses on the underside of Thor’s dick. ‘You are eager, as usual,’ says Thor, a bit breathless, and Loki preens under it, resuming his long, languid licks up the sides of his brother’s thick prick. He swallows down the tip once more, sucking gently, before working his way down, trying to swallow as much as he can. He lets his tongue trace patterns and flick at the ridges and veins of Thor’s cock as he feels his mouth stretch. He sees the muscles in Thor’s thigh jump from restraining himself, and it makes him moan over Thor’s cock, his own prick spitting precome at the thought of being fucked like this – mouth stuffed full of thick dick, making Loki gag and drool all over the hot flesh. He bobs his head eagerly, working Thor, making him wet, his fingers playing with his brother’s balls again. After a time, he pulls off, with a slick, wet sound that is obscene. Watching Thor through the fringe of his lashes, Loki smiles at the high flush on his brother’s cheeks. ‘Do you want to fuck my mouth, brother?’ he asks, tracing his tongue over his own lips to feel how swollen and wet they were. Thor’s eyes are electric and fierce, and he does not reply, only watches, and it makes Loki shiver. Then, a large hand comes, rough, battle-worn fingers threading through L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Dirty Talk
Size Kink
Blow Jobs
Shota
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

