Work Text:
The first time definitely doesn't count.Clint's sitting alone in the common room, half-watching late night talk shows while he waxes his bow string.  (No, it's not a euphemism.)  He hears the stream of profanity drifting into the room before the elevator doors even open, but as soon as Tony steps into the room, he stops talking and starts walking toward Clint with a predatory expression.  "Robin Hood, my favorite scoundrel!  Need you to do me a favor."  Tony doesn't wait for a response; he just collapses into the couch, awkwardly close to Clint, and keeps talking.  "See, Pepper made me tell JARVIS not to let me into my workshop or suits if he thinks my blood alcohol is too high.  But Pepper is not a relevant concern to me right now, and what I really need is to get into my workshop, get spectacularly drunk, and build something really amazing.  Maybe a flying car.  Cap seemed sad that we still didn't have flying cars.  And you can't tell him, but I get indigestion from making Captain America sad."Clint nods.  It seems the safest plan of action.  Tony's half-slumped on his shoulder by now, and his breath reeks of so much alcohol that it's probably flammable."So you'll help me out?" Tony says delightedly, apparently reading far too much into Clint's nod.  "Fantastic!  See, JARVIS, I found a responsible adult to babysit me, so will you pretty please let me into my own damn workshop now?""I regret to remind you that only Ms. Potts or Colonel Rhodes can override your lock-out codes, sir."  JARVIS doesn't actually sound like he regrets it at all."Oh, fuck you," Tony glares at nowhere in particular.  "I am perfectly capable of avoiding blowing myself up.  Hell, I was drunk welding when I was fifteen, and you know it.""Okay, Tony."  Clint's a fan of "live and let live" as a philosophy for his teammates' self-destructive life choices, but he has his limits.  "Let's get you to bed, and in the morning, JARVIS will let you build all the flying cars you want.""He'd better, the fucking traitor," Tony grumbles, but he doesn't resist too much when Clint pulls him to his feet and guides him to the elevator, one arm around his waist.  He leans against Clint the whole way up to the penthouse, and says something quiet into his shoulder that sounds a lot like "don't want to be alone."Clint keeps expecting Tony to be less pliant as he helps him into bed and fetches a glass of water.  He's seen Tony drunker than this and still maintaining his cocky asshole persona, but tonight, it feels like all the fight's been drained out of Tony.When Clint turns to go, Tony grabs his wrist and pulls him back.  His gaze is suddenly sharp and cogent.  "Think you could help me out with a rebound pity fuck?""That's not --" Clint starts to say, and Tony cuts him off with a low, bitter chuckle."I know it doesn't sound like a good idea right now, but trust me on this one.  I can't get Pepper back, and I can't make myself into less of a failure of a human being, but at least I can get fucked hard enough to forget about how I screwed things up.  Seriously, it'll be fine.  No strings, no next-day awkwardness, just a little favor."It's not like Clint's never thought about it, or like he'd normally turn down no-strings sex with someone attractive -- but.  He watches Tony, hesitating."Please," Tony says.  His voice sounds tiny, defeated, and Clint can't resist the urge to smooth away that brokenness with a kiss.They don't talk much while they're having sex, beyond brief check-ins and guidance.  Tony's body shudders wordlessly while Clint thrusts into him.  It's far from the best sex that Clint's ever had, but it's not bad.Afterwards, Tony clutches him so tight that Clint immediately dismisses the idea of leaving. Tony mutters occasional fragments of computer code as he dreams, and Clint finds himself relaxing into sleep more swiftly than he normally would with someone new.Clint kisses Tony on the forehead before he leaves, the next morning.  True to Tony's word, there's no awkwardness when they run into each other later; Tony just gives Clint a small half-smile of gratitude. ... The second time doesn't count, either.  Two weeks after the break-up, Tony has a Stark Industries formal event, something for charity that he can't blow off.  He finds Clint at the range, the morning of the gala.  "Help me make Pepper jealous," he announces.Clint sets down his sidearm and raises an eyebrow.  "In my experience, pissing off Pepper Potts is rarely a good idea.  Besides, wouldn't a supermodel on your arm work better?""Nah.  Supermodels can be bought.  Hunky superheroes can't.""'Hunky'?  Been keeping up with your gossip rag reading list?""C'mon, Clint, it'll be fun," Tony wheedles.  "I'll figure out how to make that bolo arrow you keep fantasizing about.""Eventually you'll run out of weaponry to bribe me with, you know," Clint says, giving Tony a small smirk."I'm not worried," Tony smirks back.  "Sooner or later you'll let me bribe you with sex."Clint rolls his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Casual Sex
Friends With Benefits
Fix-It
cornucopia of cliches
Fluff
Polyamory

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

