Work Text:
The Rescue.—"Gotcha!" and for a second, with Bucky's body swinging wildly above the gorge, hand clutched in his, Steve was sure they were both going to fall. His arm was turned the wrong way. The bit of metal he was gripping was creaking, twisting—he couldn't hold!—but he took a breath and heaved, ignoring the pain, yanking Bucky up and leaning back awkwardly to change their joint center of gravity until Bucky could get a boot hold and clamber up. And then they were clinging, half to each other and half to the side of the speeding train, their arms overlapping, their fingers crooked tight on the metal, heaving chest to heaving chest."Jesus," Bucky gasped, and let his head drop forward onto Steve's shoulder. He was shaking. Steve was shaking too. "Yeah," he said, and yanked Bucky closer, reassured by the warmth of his body, the heat steaming off him in the freezing air. "Don't do that," he muttered. "Don't you goddamn do that.""I won't," Bucky replied, and pressed his face into Steve's neck. "Shit. I won't." 
The Chase.The Howling Commandos and the Fighting 107th had Hydra on the run, but Red Skull was—  "He's escaping," Steve yelled, and Bucky immediately swung his rifle up, but it was too late: the shots, though accurately fired, dinged harmlessly off the back of the Valkryie. The plane was picking up speed and—The Daimler screeched to a halt. "Get in," Colonel Phillips said, Peggy beside him, and they clambered into the backseat and then scrambled to keep upright on as they sped off, accelerating fast and then faster. Steve stood up, buffeted by wind and momentum as they drew close. "You stay here!" he shouted at Bucky."No fucking way!" Bucky shouted back, stumbling after him and raising both arms to keep his balance, and then, with an apologetic glance at the Colonel and Peggy Carter: "Excusing my French, sir! Ma'am!" "You're excused!" Colonel Phillips shouted just as Peggy caught Steve by the strap of his holster and pulled his mouth to hers.  The kiss was soft, a blessing; a promise. "Go get him," Peggy told Steve, her eyes shining, and then she looked at Bucky and said, with brisk desperation, "Bring him back." Bucky swallowed and said, "Yes, ma'am; I will."   
The Valkyrie."Buck, you gotta get out of here. Now. You've got to take a parachute and—" "Not without you," Bucky said. 
The Return.It took them just over an hour to bring the plane down into the icy waters of the Arctic, but it was four days getting back to London even with Steve demanding transport the whole time, because it took the freighter that rescued them seven hours to make port in Ammassalik and then there wasn't a flight to Europe until the next day and that one had a stopover in Iceland, and then with the Germans doing their last-gasp bombing raids they ended up having to put down in Manchester and take the train down. Peggy was waiting at the station: Steve had commandeered every two-way radio, every military telephone, every signal station, every carrier pigeon they passed. "Peggy, darling; we're alive; we're all right, we're in—" Iceland, Dublin, Manchester Central. "We'll be back as soon as we can," and Bucky would smirk and slouch back and say, "Well, I can see how this is gonna go," which usually earned him an eyeroll or an elbow or a smack.She was waiting for him on the platform, and time slowed for a moment before they rushed for each other boldly, shamelessly, all pretenses dropped, and when Steve pulled Peggy into his arms she pressed up hard against him, so hard that he could feel all of her, every bit of her. He shivered with longing and held her to him so tightly that her leather jacket creaked, and then she pulled away and turned to Bucky, who was just standing there, and grabbed his face with both hands and kissed him, full on the mouth. Bucky said, "um." Peggy said, "You brought him home; I know it was you," and Bucky said, "Uh, yeah; guilty as charged."  
The Decision.Steve could tell from Bucky's moan that he was about to come, so he pulled back to watch while still working him with his hand. A red flush had spread beneath the dark hair on Bucky's chest, and his face was flushed, too; God, he was so beautiful. His breathing went ragged and his eyelids fluttered closed, and then he was coming, and Steve gentled his grip and stroked him through it, easing from a hard pull into a caress. Finally Steve moved in whisper-light touches as Bucky lay there, chest heaving, catching his breath."Give me a sec," Bucky said, panting,  "and I'll do you.""S'okay," Steve said, and bent to kiss Bucky's mouth, lingering and tasting. "I might try to build up a head of steam," and Bucky's lips curved into a smile beneath his; he knew; he knew already.  Steve stifled his own grin and went on, trying to make it sound like news, "I think I might ask Peggy to marry me."Bucky opened one eye.  "Well, that's about time," he said. "You think she'll say yes?" Steve asked."Yeah, I think she'll say yes," Bucky said, and slapped at him w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
the end of the war
Weddings
Pregnancy issues
drag racing
barbeques
Suburbia
Spy Stuff
Catastrophe
Science Fiction
Sacrifice

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

