Work Text:
There was a dull ache in those days, always, just under his skin; worst in his shoulders and up in his neck, never terrible, just always present. Steve got used to not being in pain after the Serum, so while it wasn't intolerable, it was alarming. He asked the doctors about it, after the ice, before the invasion, and they did tests and then shrugged. Some remnant of being frozen, perhaps, lactic acid crystals in the muscles, spasms in the fascia, damage that would take longer to regenerate. One of them tilted her head at him and asked him if he'd like to talk to someone about the war, the ice, his loss. They'd had psychiatry in the thirties, but it was a far-off academic thing for the most part, except for the time mad old Tom from down the block tried to strangle a cop and was sent to the asylum because it was either that or prison. From the stories he'd heard Steve would have picked prison. Steve didn't want to be sent to an asylum, so when the doctor asked he said no, he'd rather not, thank you. (They made him eventually anyway, his SHIELD handler coaxing him along, reassuring him that therapy had come a long way in the last seventy years and nobody was going to lock him away anywhere. It didn't help the ache, but it gave him some tools to deal with the grief, so he only put a stop to it once it stopped helping with that.) The only time he didn't feel the ache was when he was fighting. Combat, sure -- the invasion of New York had been a chance to really let loose and after he didn't feel the ache over the soreness for two days. But he hadn't felt it while he was fighting before that, either, standing on the Helicarrier filled with clean, pure anger, daring anyone to come take a swing, and Tony Stark metaphorically did, which was wonderful. He hated how good he'd felt, being so cruel. And the thing was, Tony liked fighting. Steve could always count on him to either pick a fight or rise to one, if Steve came around spoiling for a shouting match. Pepper flat-out said that Tony liked arguing, so Steve didn't worry too much about picking on him, about whether it was bullying. Because if he didn't start one, after a few days Tony would come and find him and egg him on. Steve was first into combat and last to leave, and they fought about that; Tony never followed the plan and they sure as hell fought about that. They fought about Tony leaving messes in the sink ("It's my own damn home, Rogers!") and Steve turning off the television ("You were asleep, and it was loud!") and about things that weren't even about them, like whether or not Clint was justified in shooting Bruce in the back in order to get him to Hulk out when his comm went down and nobody could tell him to let the Other Guy loose. Clint and Bruce settled this about ten minutes after the raid on that Hydra base was over; Clint offered to buy him lunch, Bruce accepted and shook hands, and that was that. Steve and Tony were still fighting about it weeks later.The only times they didn't fight regularly were when the team was making a battle plan or in combat, or when Natasha occasionally got tired of it and threatened to stab Tony somewhere vital. This stopped Tony because he liked his organs where they were, and she knew Steve hated it when any of them were hurt, so it stopped Steve too, for a while. And it would have gone on that way and it would have been fine, because it was Steve's own foolproof brand of painkiller and Tony considered it good sport. It was functional, it worked for them. And even Tony knew there was a line neither of them should cross, a line where they didn't touch on certain subjects that would draw too much blood. A line where they never took each other too seriously or went too deep into why they did this. And one day for whatever reason Tony just jumped the hell over it. "You are not going to tell me what to do again, you sanctimonious star-spangled prick!" Tony was yelling. "Sancti -- have you heard yourself talk?" Steve was yelling back. "Yeah, and you know what, at least I'm capable of adapting in the moment -- ""It was a perfectly good plan and there was no need to adapt -- " "I saw a need! You never trust my judgement!" "Your judgement is as much about playing with every new toy you've installed in the suit as it is about the safety of the team.""Rollerblades are not a toy!" Tony bellowed, gesturing at the helmet-cam footage of their last fight, playing silently on a monitor nearby. "If you don't stop showboating someone's going to die, Tony!""Yeah, probably you, Captain Let Me Just Slide Under This Tank! Where was that in your goddamn playbook?" Tony demanded, turning away to scoop metal off the workbench, dumping it noisily into a bin in a way that set Steve's teeth on edge. "Jesus H. Christ, it's a miracle you didn't die of sheer fucking stubborn when they thawed you!""Don't think I don't wish I had!" Steve said, and then shut his mouth sharply. Tony jerked around to face him, wide-eyed, shocked. They stared a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (background)
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Touch-Starved
Touching
Cuddling & Snuggling
Fighting
Isolation
Depression

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (background)
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

