Work Text:
 While some people may consider spending time with an unstable mercenary some 15 years his senior a bad idea, Peter enjoys Deadpool’s company. He’s helpful in some situations.Like now, for instance. Strapped to a chair by unbreakable steel by someone who calls herself Karma in a bare cement room, both heart and spider-sense hammering, Peter struggles to conjure up his default humour. Thankfully, in Peter’s silence, Deadpool’s motor mouth works double time.“Snookiums,” Deadpool croons at the woman, “if you wanted to see me again, you could’ve just sent a postcard. An email. An excessively filthy sext. I respond to dick pics.”The villain, Karma, ignores him. She focusses on Peter, who’s still struggling fruitlessly, and traces the masked curve of his jaw with a long fingernail, laughing when the hero flinches away from her touch.“Spider-Man,” Karma says, “I have been waiting to meet you for the longest of times.”“Wish I could say the same, but I have no idea who you are,” Peter shoots back, eyeing her low corset with distaste, the criss-cross leather binds on both of her arms. “Although, from the outfit I’d guess some kind of lonely old cat lady that’s especially into BDSM?”Deadpool cackles at Peter’s words. Karma bares her teeth, and slaps the hero across the face with her open palm, the harsh sound echoing in the bare room.“I’ve seen what you do,” Karma spits. She’s a wild thing, her curls in disarray, dripping in beaded jewellery, murky crystal pendents dangling over her leather corset. She’s older than even Deadpool, approaching her 40s. The lines around her eyes only add to their sharp, dangerous edge. “I’ve been watching you, Spider-Man.”“Okayyyy, that’s creepy,” Peter says. “And Deadpool’s right. It’s 2015, lady. Just DM me.”This time she doesn’t slap him, but clicks her fingers, beckoning forwards the muscled man stood behind her.“Fetch the supplies,” Karma tells the man. “The sharp set.” She casts a glance at Peter, dark eyes glinting in the dim lighting. “Actually… throw in a few blunter ones. This one is due to suffer.”Deadpool noticeably stills, his hands balling into fists. Tersely, the mercenary bites out, “You going blind in your old age, you fucking biddy? Because in case you hadn’t noticed, the guy with the cute ass over there is a superhero. Superhero. As in, good guy.”“I know who he is,” Karma says evenly. “Haven’t you seen the destruction he causes? The carnage and the death he leaves in his wake?”“Stuff caused by the villains he fights—”Karma waves a dismissive hand. “He has to suffer for his crimes, just as you already have.”“Wow, you’re batshit bonkers.” There’s no humour in Deadpool’s voice, turned rough and raw in a way Peter rarely ever hears it. It’s worrying. “If you think Spidey deserves any of that, you’re fucking crazier than I am—”The lackey returns with a gunmetal grey toolbox, padlocked shut, the contents clattering as the box is jostled. Karma unlocks it, and plucks out a sharpened knife, presenting it between her long, dark nails. Peter’s spider-sense, previously a dull chime, begins to shriek in the back of his head.“Deadpool,” Peter says with a sense of intense foreboding, “what’s… what’s going on?”He’s beginning to suspect that he’s missing something crucial here. He feels his stomach sink as Deadpool bucks against his restraints and hisses something low that makes Karma scrunch her nose up.“Who are you, really?” Peter demands. “What do you want with us?!”“You didn’t tell him about me?” Karma asks Deadpool. “I’m hurt. We had such good times, Wade. Such good, good times…” She traces the solid curve of Deadpool’s jaw. She snatches her hand back when the mercenary tries to bite at it, striking him cleanly across cheek for his actions. “Did you remember nothing of the lessons I tried to carve into your skin?”“Fuck you,” Deadpool spits, “fuck you, fuck you—that’s 3 fuck you’s from me and my two boxes. Even they fucking hate you.”Peter glances between the two, feeling increasingly confused. “Deadpool, who…?”Turning back to Peter, Karma smiles and continues, “I’m Karma. I judge the worthiness of people, the weight of their actions and their failures—” Here, Karma leans in close, and presses the blade against the vulnerable curve of Peter’s neck, creating a thin, bubbling line of red against his white skin. “—and I judge them accordingly.”Deadpool attempts to twist against binds. “You have a damn mercenary captive, and you’re going to punish the wholesome fucking hero? What the fuck—”The lackey in the corner snaps on a pair of plastic gloves, and hands over a longer, thicker blade to Karma, who takes it, twirling it between deft fingers, smiling close-mouthed.She places the blade to the soft skin of Peter’s inner elbow, and presses down, down, dragging the blade through skin and flesh, and seeming to revel in the guttural sounds the action forces from Peter.When she finally draws back, leaving a long bleeding wound in her wake, Peter is gasping up at the ceiling. Deadp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Dubious Morality
Hurt Peter
villains win the 'not as big of an asshole as you could've been' award
Torture
Miscommunication
underage peter
Hurt/Comfort
Good Guy Wade Wilson
for a fic with a premise based around torture
this is remarkably fluffy
Protective Deadpool
wade finds out peter is underage
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

