Work Text:
The sky in the north grew dark with swelling storm clouds, the distant rumble of thunder promising heavy rain. Thor was glad to be riding in the opposite direction, for his cloak and boots were still damp from getting soaked last night before he’d found a place to camp. Down in the valley, the air was still warm and fragrant with earthy scents, but weather in Vanaheim was volatile this time of the year and Thor hoped to reach his destination before the evening rains.  “Whoa, slow down, girl,” he murmured to his mount, pulling on the reins.  She’d been running at a good clip for some time now, her snorting so loud that Thor decided it was time for a break. He dismounted and reached into the saddle bag for an apple, giving the white mare a pat on her muzzle as she accepted the treat. They’d been on the road since dawn, though the actual road had disappeared a few days ago and they’d made their way forward on narrow foot trails, wading through fields full of marigold and buttercup.  This region of Vanaheim was completely unfamiliar to Thor, his past travels often been limited to the bigger cities up north where he could enjoy the comforts of a bustling inn and the famous Vanir hospitality. Loki had on occasion dragged him to some old ruins in the wilderness in search of magical baubles or rare rune stones, but Thor had never been this far in the countryside, the nearest city miles away. He’d spent the last fortnight sleeping under the stars or in hard, straw-filled beds, eating simple home-cooked meals and what little the peasants could afford to part with.  The lack of princely comforts hardly mattered to him, for Thor was a warrior of many campaigns, some of them long and bloody. Roughing it came with the territory.  He drank deeply from his water skin and tugged his riding glove off to study his palm. He traced his finger along the long scar of brotherhood where it ran between callouses from Mjölnir’s shaft. The mark didn’t stand out or differ from the dozens of other scars he wore on his skin, and that knowledge eased the worry in his heart, for the scar bound him to his brother through age-old seiðr and oaths made with blood. As long as it remained unchanged, Thor could be certain Loki yet lived.  It was the only request he had made to Loki as Asgard lay in ruins beneath their feet, another Infinity Stone lost, the Mad Titan readying his next move on the cosmic battlefield. 
 

“Twice I have thought you dead, twice I have mourned you. I cannot do it for a third time.”
 
“Tsk, so dramatic, Thor. I hardly plan to die tonight.”
  There had been no proper truce between them, but in the end, Loki conceded and they swore their oaths on a small hilltop, the sky still alight with the fires of destruction. If one of them perished in the coming battles, there would be no doubts and guesses, no false funerals.  Thor closed his palm and pulled his riding glove back on. The scar may have remained unchanged, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t worried.  Loki had always been secretive, coming and going as he pleased, but his disappearance almost six months ago had been unexpected. There'd been no warning, nothing to make Thor suspect that one morning his brother’s chambers would be abandoned, seemingly for good. Their father had ordered his Einherjar to search Loki’s quarters thoroughly, but there’d been no sign of foul play, no trace of foreign, dark magic or any indication that Loki had been taken from his home against his will.  The realms enjoyed a period of relative peace after the Infinity War was won, and though Thor had his doubts about some of the boondock moons and their marauders and rebels, no real threats had risen since Thanos’s defeat. In the end, he'd had to concede that his brother had walked out of the palace on his own two feet, leaving his family – leaving Thor – to wonder about his disappearance.  
Again.
  The anger and hurt he’d felt in those first few weeks after Loki’s disappearance had burned bright, the years he’d thought Loki lost for good a permanent wound on his heart, but as Loki’s absence grew, the anger quickly turned to worry. He’d searched Loki’s chambers for clues almost every day, for none knew his brother’s heart and mind like Thor, which was not as well as he’d like, for Loki did love his secrets.  The only thing he’d been able to find was a smashed crystal in the bath chambers and examining the shards, Thor recognized it as something their healers used to locate sources of pains and maladies on their patients’ bodies. He had shown the shards to their mother, and though a shattered crystal wasn’t much to go on, her face had turned ashen, some secret behind her eyes she refused to share with him.  
"Have you glimpsed the future?"
 
“You must bring your brother home, Thor. This is something he shouldn’t have to face alone.”
  Frigga said no more, but Thor set out that very night, his heart heavy with worry. He put away his water skin and reached into his robes to pull out a fold
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jötunn Loki
Mpreg
Intersex Loki
Fluff
Pregnancy Kink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

