Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Hey. You awake?"There are few things comparable to indulging a morning between sheets softer than cub fur, warm and smelling of sleep, wrapped in a loose embrace as if such a tenuous thing could keep one safe from the garish, jarring world that lies beyond the silence of the walls. Although his own bed from whence he had been a prince of Asgard had been positively lavish, his mornings found him rising early, giving him precious moments to himself to observe the cosmos at precisely the right time, when the stars in their galaxies would fluctuate just for him, and he would not feel so alone. There is no need for such habits now; the stars are hardly visible even at night, and he has no cause to feel solitary.He has grown to appreciate the indolence of a morning lie-in. There is nothing vying for the attention of his bedmate, and he cannot think of a reason so immediate that it would require him to rise. The sun is warm on his bare back, the air is temperate, and his mind is quiet. Thus, he is very much not awake.Familiar fingers pockmarked by scars and calluses drift down his bare side, the touch like the hum of a whisper causing gooseflesh to break out in its wake. It is still a novelty, being at ease in his vulnerability with another. To be touched in such a way. To be the most interesting thing in the room.Tony pokes him hard in the side. "No, seriously, are you awake?""I have the ability to turn all my trespassers into small, inanimate objects," Loki mumbles into the pillowcase, eyes resolutely closed. "It is very convenient.""I'm bored.""Go to your laboratory."Tony huffs. It is like dealing with a particularly spoiled child. "But I'm comfortable, and you're all mushy."Illustrating his point, he curls into Loki, who is helpless to do anything except press against him and fill all his spaces. Tony, despite having showered whenever he deigned to come to bed, smells more like metal than he does soap, and it is a comforting reminder of whom he has allowed to share his body. The arc reactor hums a gentle song against Loki's diaphragm."Sleep," Loki bids him, murmuring the word into Tony's mussed hair. "Lying with you like this pleases me. I do not want to decorate the walls with your insides if you refuse to stop talking, but I will."It wins him a chuckle that vibrates against the hollow of his throat. "You're such a romantic. It's one of the things I like about you, Comet. That, and your very long legs. Like when you wrapped them around my head last night. Did you enjoy that? I certainly did. I don't remember you complaining, or being able to form coherent sentences, but I just want to make sure. Stark Industries is all about customer satisfaction. 100% money back guarantee, free coupons, the whole shebang.""Have you ever given thought to what life would be like as a chair?" A nice, sturdy, silent chair upon which Loki could sit and nap.Tony does not reply and instead maneuvers Loki until he is lying on his belly, cheek pressed into the pillow. It is the position in which he started this ridiculous morning. Sleep, however, appears to be the last thing on Tony's mind as he presses a kiss to the skin of Loki's shoulder, his intent easily read in the way the touch moves lower, taking care to mark each notch of his spine with lips and tongue and teeth and beard. A clever hand catches his stomach when he arches off the bed, holding him up, and Loki gasps into fabric and down."Or we could go back to sleep," Tony murmurs into the place where thigh meets buttock. "Just drift right off. Snooze the entire day away. That's what you wanted, right?"The retort on Loki's tongue dies a swift death behind his teeth as Tony's tongue licks a long, slow line from the small of his back to the base of his cock, and the arm he is using to hold himself up buckles, leaving him at the mercy of Tony's hands and mouth.The hand at his belly disappears and he collapses to the bed, hips in the air, as wanton as he can ever remember being, and then there are thumbs that spread and expose him. He shivers, gripping the sheets and unable to prevent his body from writhing. Tony kisses him right at his core, as if it were a mouth, lush and wet and leaving him dripping, and Tony spreads him further, presses him down as he tugs his hips up, kissing and kissing and -- oh -- sucking at the rim of flesh and muscle with a noise that sounds so obscene to his ears, cracking through the warm haze like an explosion, and his head lolls off the pillow to press into the mattress.He is so wet, positively sopping with it, and his cock weeps into the sheets as Tony tries to gather him closer, dragging his beard over the insides of his thighs, holding him open and eating him. His body trembles hard enough that his muscles protest the strain, but he cannot keep still, cannot relax, betrayed by sensation and his own mind, lost entirely to the mouth that gorges on him like he is the finest delicacy this universe has to offer.And then in, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Major Character Injury
Brain death
Coma
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Mathematics
Established Relationship
Angst
Introspection
Who says you can't go home again?
Gratuitous misuse of Norse mythology
Don't copy to another website

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

