Work Text:
It says a lot about Peter’s life that when he clambers into the living room window of his own apartment at four in the morning and sees Deadpool making pancakes in the kitchen, it’s not the weirdest thing to happen to him all week.It’s not even the twelfth weirdest thing. He has no idea how the guy keeps getting in. It happens often enough that it stopped being annoying a long time ago, and now it’s just sort of…nice. When he’s not trying to kill people Deadpool makes bizarrely good company, and Peter’s just pathetic enough to take companionship where he can get it.Plus, pancakes. Everyone likes pancakes.What is weird--and it takes Peter’s brain a second to catch up, because (a) he’s tired, and (b) what the fuck--is that Deadpool isn’t wearing any pants. Or much of anything, really.Nearly naked Deadpool. Kitchen. Four AM. Pancakes.Okay, this is maybe the twelfth weirdest thing to happen to Peter all week.“Hey, baby boy!” Deadpool--Wade--calls over his shoulder. Wade’s still got his mask on, tugged down to about the level of his nose, but Peter finds it pretty much impossible to think of him as “Deadpool” when there’s that much skin on display. “I’m making Mickey Mouse™ pancakes. Pretty cool, right? And Disney can’t even sue because I pronounced the ™ correctly and everything.”“Uh huh,” Peter says. He peels off his own mask and runs a hand through his sweat-soaked hair, wearily staggers from the living room into the kitchen proper. “Please tell me there’s still beer in my fridge.”“Petey, Petey, Petey,” Wade says. Sometimes, Peter thinks Wade just likes the sound of his name. “Petey. Beer and pancakes do not a proper breakfast make.”“Says who?”“Says Martha Stewart.”“What?” Peter blinks. “Since when do you watch Martha Stewart?”Wade half-turns from Peter’s tiny stove to grin at him, says, “Nah, just fuckin’ with you, I’m a Gordon Ramsay guy all the way,” and Peter’s brain suddenly short-circuits because he was completely and utterly mistaken about his earlier impression re: Wade’s lack of clothing.Wade is…Wade is wearing panties. And a matching bra.They’re pink.“You…” Peter’s mouth is so dry that it might as well be the Sahara, and he feels like the world’s biggest creeper because he can’t stop staring. “Wade, what are you wearing?”“What, this?” Wade looks down, takes in the ensemble like he’s just now noticed it, then shrugs. “Everything else is in the wash.”And because Peter’s known Wade for a while now, he can maybe see how this makes sense--like, maybe Wade has a thing about going commando and just happened to have an old girlfriend’s panties lying around, one thing led to another…but…“And the bra?” Peter croaks.Wade just gives him a look, like Peter’s grown a second head or toads are falling out of his mouth or something. “It’s a matched set,” he says. “What was I supposed to do, just not wear it?”Yes, Peter thinks faintly, that’s exactly what you’re supposed to do, and he has no idea why this is fucking with him so badly. It’s not like he hasn’t seen Wade in various states of undress before. For someone who’s so skittish about his face he’s shockingly immodest when it comes to the rest of his body, and Peter’s just quietly accepted the fact that having Wade hang around his apartment means there’s going to be a lot more scarred skin and muscle on display than usual. Which is cool, really. It’s not like Peter looks or anything. Much.And even if he does look (which he doesn’t, he really doesn’t!), it’s not weird because it’s all in the name of…of professional interest.Right. Professional.This, though. Pink little boyshorts and a scrap of a bra, silky-looking fabric and lace edging. It should look ridiculous. It should look absolutely ridiculous, because there’s not a feminine bone in Wade’s body--the guy’s huge, he’s all planes and angles and flat, hard muscle--but instead of being ridiculous the juxtaposition between the femininity of the underthings and Wade’s solidity is just…Really, really hot.Peter swallows hard and gives silent thanks to the protective cup of his suit, because this has the potential to get very awkward, very fast. “So, I, uh,” he stutters. Stop staring at Wade’s ass, stop staring at Wade’s ass… “I’m gonna go take a shower.”And maybe jerk off, he adds mentally. A lot.“Suit yourself.” Wade shrugs and turns back to the stove. He flips the current pancake, and Peter isn’t jealous at ALL of the fact that it lands perfectly instead of hitting the fan above the stove. “But don’t expect Mickey Mouse™ when you’re done, mi amigo. This is a one-time deal. After this batch, it’s regular ol’ sadness flapjacks for you. Not that flapjacks are sad. Or that mine are sad, because mine are awesome. But seeing as you could be eating the head of Mickey Mouse™--”He’s wearing stockings, Peter realizes abruptly. Jesus fucking Christ.Wade’s still talking about the damn pancakes, but Peter’s more or less tuned him out. He’s horribly fascinated by the way the muscles are shifting in Wade’s back beneat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

freeform: 
First Time
Humor
Spideypool - Freeform
cross-dressing
Bromance
Pancakes

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

