Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Iron Man, where are you?” Steve’s voice barked over the comms.Tony clenched his teeth against the sharp, piercing ring that accompanied Steve’s voice.“FRIDAY, block out the white noise,” Tony instructed as he typed madly away at the HYDRA computer. HYDRA’s mad scientists were good, but they needed to up their game if they thought Tony couldn’t hack their systems before they wiped their databanks clean.“The filters are already at maximum, boss.”Tony cursed. Another thing to upgrade and/or repair. Well, it wasn’t like he needed sleep. Coffee would keep him going.“Iron Man,” Steve came over the comms again. The panicked and surprised cries of HYDRA agents joined his voice. Bones cracked from blows delivered by Steve’s shield and Thor’s hammer, or so it sounded like based on the reverberations of the impacts. The blows were accompanied by the static of Black Widow’s Spider Bites and the twang of Clint’s bow.“Iron Man, focus. Falcon needs air support.”Tony shook his head and blinked. He stared at the glowing computer screen. His hands hovered over the keyboard.The smell of bleach and several other cleaning products seeped in through his air ventilation systems, and he gagged. “FRIDAY, a little more air filtration too. Sorry, Cap, but I’m a little busy poking around in HYDRA’s toy box right now. Get Pointbreak to help.”“Iron Man, this is a command.” The shield reverberated against something composed of concrete.Tony cringed.“Sorry, can’t hear you over that static. I think we’re breaking up. FRIDAY.”The team’s comms were cut off.“I’m sorry to report, boss, but it appears the air filtration system is also at max.”Tony scrunched his face. God, the smell of the place was getting worse. Did someone throw out a hamburger two weeks ago and leave it lying around? Ew, and was that—no, Tony did not even want to mentally identify what that smell was, otherwise he’d have think about why it was in the room. The images that would produce would be scarring for life.“Mr. Stark, I believe it would be wise for you to extract the data now. I am detecting approaching hostiles.”“Right…” Tony closed his eyes and tried to focus his senses on his guide.His guide was several floors down in the building, but even through the cement and clutter, Tony could detect his guide within a two-mile radius.Steve’s heart beat furiously. It was like a jackhammer and Tony gritted his teeth against it. He switched to focusing on Steve’s ragged breathing. It was harsh and put Tony on edge, but it cut out the sounds of whirling mechanics and the distant noise of battle.Tony typed as fast as his fingers allowed.The HYDRA agents were too close. Their footsteps echoed on the hard floor. Their puffs of breath were like the howling wind of a storm to Tony’s ears.Focus on Steve, Tony told himself as he cracked HYDRA’s security. “FRIDAY, upload the data now.”“Yes, boss.”The door flung open.Tony whirled and shot a repulsor blast at the first agent to rush in. It had the intentional effect of taking out any agents directly behind the first one as well.There were still agents standing though.One whirled around the corner of the door, rifle aimed at Tony.Light from the computer monitor danced off the metal of the rifle, sparkling, shimmering, sucking Tony in. The constant movement of the light’s reflection was hypnotizing, and—Something a lot stronger than a rifle slammed Tony square in the chest. The blast knocked him back into the computer and across the floor.“That’s going to hurt in the morning.” Tony sat up and shot at where he’d seen the agents last.He got hit by another shock wave and sent skidding across the room again.FRIDAY flashed the emergency sign in his face and blared the alarm.Tony hissed at the sharp screech. He had not designed the emergency alert system to sound like banshee getting shredded by a woodchipper, yet that’s exactly how it sounded.Tony curled up in a ball and covered his head.All that existed was the siren wail and the raging red of the emergency system.His ears were bleeding. His head was going to explode.He’d give anything to make it stop. Anything. God where was Pepper? No, Steve. Tony was such a royal fuck up that not even perfect Pepper could handle him; he needed someone stronger—a super human, a super guide. He needed Steve fuckin’ Rogers and the asshole was nowhere near to help him.Tony whimpered.The red light disappeared and air hissed in Tony’s ear as the emergency latch on his helmet was removed.White, blinding light poured into Tony’s eyes. He swiftly covered his face.Metal against metal.The crackle of lightning.It was barraging him all at once.Cold, cold, cold. His armor was too cold. The metal threatened to cut into him. He had to get out, he had to—A body curled over Tony’s head, acting as a protective barrier between him and the world.A chest decked out in leather and protective armor slowly rose and fell in deep, contro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
MCU with Sentinels & Guides
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Sentinel Senses
Soul Bond
Sentinel Tony Stark
Guide Steve Rogers
Guide Bucky Barnes
Overwhelmed Senses
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Dub-Con Bond
Mad Scientists
mentions of human experimentation
self destructive behavior
Feral Behavior
Slow Burn
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sharing a Bed
Angst
Good Intentions
Good Intentions Bad Results
Suicide Attempt
poor communication
Complicated Relationships
Flawed characters
references to comics
Unrealistic Multiple Personalities Disorder

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

