Work Text:
"All right. Rotate 16 degrees. There. Good. Stop. Stop! Okay. Give me some tilt. More. Mo—There. Stop! Good. Okay. Now…"Listening to Tony work was like listening to the world's longest one-sided conversation. Tony talked all day long to JARVIS, his robots, and even to himself. For Steve, sitting alone and nearly forgotten off to one side, it was fascinating, educational, and occasionally downright amusing.He was here on Tony's sufferance today, having expressed a desire to draw Tony while he was at work. Never one to pass up a chance to have his image immortalized, Tony had agreed, so long as Steve remained quiet and out of the way. The conditions on his presence didn't bother him. He was just glad to be here. More and more often lately he found himself looking thoughtfully at Tony, seeing a possible future where previously there had been only speculation and curiosity. From time to time he had caught Tony looking at him that way, too, although with slightly more bafflement, like Tony wasn't quite sure what exactly was happening with them, even though he seemed perfectly willing to see it through to the end – whatever that might be.So when he had asked if he could join Tony in the workshop today, the answer had not surprised him one bit. Looking back, he supposed he had had vague thoughts of finally bringing this thing between them out into the open and talking about it, but so far that hadn't happened – and Steve was actually quite fine with it. So the time wasn't right yet. There was nothing wrong with waiting a little while longer.He glanced down at the drawing on his lap. It had started out well, but halfway through, he had stopped to just listen to Tony and watch him move about the workshop, and he had lost steam after that. Now and then he glanced down at the page, but he wasn't really interested anymore – he definitely would not finish it today.Tony went on talking non-stop, giving JARVIS an endless stream of instruction. The AI usually responded by making the changes Tony requested, but sometimes answered verbally instead, offering suggestions or compliments or challenging Tony to think of a new way to do something. It became a true conversation then, not just a one-sided stream of commands – and Steve marveled to hear it.He wondered sometimes if Tony had any idea how amazing JARVIS was. Not just his mere existence, but the depth of his personality. The fact that you could have a conversation with him. At times the AI was so humanlike that Steve forgot he was nothing more than an enormous string of zeros and ones, that his only physical form was the computer servers beneath the house in Malibu and this very Tower.With one eye still on Tony, Steve said, "JARVIS, can I ask you something?""Certainly, sir." The AI's voice came from the speaker in the computer in front of him. Across the room, Tony never even looked up, completely absorbed in the new armor he was designing.He was suddenly curious about JARVIS, all those things he had first wondered when he "met" the AI, but had since forgotten about as he simply accepted his presence and moved on with life in the Avengers Tower. "How long have you been helping Tony?""For all my existence," JARVIS replied. "If you are asking for a time frame, then the answer is nine years."That was longer than Steve had expected. "How did you get your name? I mean, I know Tony named you, but does it mean anything? Do the letters stand for anything?""I was named for Edwin Jarvis, the butler in the Stark household when Mr. Stark was growing up," JARVIS said. "I believe the name is meant as an homage."This was the first Steve had ever heard of such a person. "What was he like?""I could not say," JARVIS said. "He returned to England long before my creation. But I believe he must have been a man of singular wisdom and knowledge."Steve chuckled at the dry humor in JARVIS's smooth tones. And again he felt an incredible awe that such a thing was even possible, that this amazing entity he was talking to possessed a sense of humor and could appreciate irony."Where is he now?" he asked.There was the slightest of pauses. Then JARVIS said, "He seems to be living in a nursing home in Shoreham-by-Sea, England."Now the questions came to him fast and furious, and still he kept a watchful eye on Tony. Not following him at his work now, but making sure he did not notice this separate conversation JARVIS was holding. "How old is he now?""He is eighty-three," JARVIS said."Is he healthy?""His records indicate nothing more than the usual complaints found in the elderly, although he does seem to be still recovering from a broken hip suffered in a fall four months ago."Steve frowned thoughtfully. "When was the last time Tony saw him?""I would not know," JARVIS said. "However, I can speculate that it would have been around the time of Howard and Maria Stark's death. The household staff at the Fifth Avenue mansion were released from employment then, and given generous severance packages. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Angst
Marvel 616 - Freeform
Fluff
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

