Work Text:
1. Like most arranged couples, they didn’t meet until their wedding day. Bruce was dreading it.  He knew Tony by reputation. (Everyone knew Tony by reputation.)At best, Bruce would be married to a high society playboy who would make him play the happy spouse for the social circuits.  And for the press.Bruce hated the press.But then there was the distinct possibility that Ross or some other official had a hand in this marriage. Maybe they figured if anyone could detain – or kill – the Other Guy, it was brilliant (crazy) Tony Stark.  Tony Stark, who put a fucking nuclear reactor in his own chest.And if Tony really were just a philandering spoiled narcissist (which was, sad to say, the most Bruce could hope for), then Tony was probably horrified to end up with someone who could turn into a monster at any moment. When they met, it was a military man named Rhodey who introduced them – the best man, apparently, Bruce noted, wondering if that was a sign that he should run like hell.But Tony and Bruce shook hands politely as expected.  They had their picture taken for the society pages; Tony grinned widely for the camera, while Bruce managed an awkward, unconvincing smile. Bruce tried to adjust his tuxedo jacket so he looked less frumpy but it didn’t really work.Tony barely said anything, which is not at all what Bruce had heard about him. He supposed that Tony was being reserved since the press was there. Or maybe he was just as upset about the marriage as Bruce was.When they say down for their pre-wedding interview with the magazines, right before the mikes were set up, Tony poked Bruce in the side with a pen.Bruce looked at him, eyebrow raised.Tony poked him again.“Don’t get angry, okay?” Tony whispered.“I think I can handle the presence of writing utensils,” Bruce said. “I’m not going to hulk out.”“Hulk out all you want. I mean, I’ve always wanted to meet him.  But don’t get angry about what I did.”“What did you do?” Bruce said warily.“I may have arranged for stink bombs to ruin the ballroom scheduled for our ceremony and reception.  Then we can get married in Stark Tower -- no press, no government officials. Just us and our friends.  Is that… okay?” He looked at Bruce, surprisingly nervous.Bruce just stared at him and then blurted out, “That is spectacular.”Tony grinned at him, excited.  “You’re awesome. I can’t wait for you to meet our robots!”   --2. They didn’t sleep together on their wedding night.  Bruce mumbled something about how Tony shouldn’t feel obligated, and Tony just nodded and showed Bruce to a nearby guest bedroom.  But they seemed to get along well enough. Tony set up a lab for Bruce in the tower, and they both worked a lot.  Sometimes they would have a polite breakfast together, but Bruce still felt like Tony was keeping his distance. It was a month into their marriage before Bruce heard an explosion in Stark Tower.He ran into Tony’s lab, trying to quell the terror, trying not to let the Other Guy out.He was surprised to realize how desperately he wanted Tony to be all right.Finally, he found Tony, who was yelling at Jarvis, “the fire’s out, you can stop spraying me already!”  Jarvis kept spraying. Finally, it stopped and Tony looked sheepishly at Bruce.  “Just a little setback in an experiment.  Sorry. I’m really sorry. I’m sure you wish that – I mean, I’ve tried to be careful since you’ve moved in--”“Which experiment?” Bruce asked. “The one to create a semi-permeable invisible security wall. Except if you permeate it…”“It blows up,” Bruce said.  “Yeah. Sorry.”Bruce shrugged. “It happens.  Hey, are those the formulae?” he said, pointing to a virtual screen. “Yeah, I’m playing around with the binding agent.”Bruce said, “You know, if you changed to a silicon base--”“It would turn into a goo instead of blowing up,” Tony said smacking his own head, “Of course! Banner, you’re a genius.  Well, you knew that already. But still.”“Still not your semi-permeable security field, though. But…”“What?” Tony asked. “You know that guy who keeps trying to get us to join that thing?”“Fury?”“Yeah. You know I bet you could put in a test wall next time we have to go to his office,” Bruce said, glint in his eye. Tony practically jumped up as he burst out laughing, “Fury’s office, doused in purple glue.  You are the best husband ever!” “Director Fury is likely to retaliate against such an action,” Jarvis pointed out calmly.“Bruce and I don’t care,” Tony taunted.Jarvis promptly sprayed Tony and Bruce both with the fire extinguisher, despite the lack of flame.“Jarvis!” Tony reprimanded, “Don’t do that to Bruce!”“Apologies, Mr. Banner,” Jarvis said.“Where’s my apology?” Tony said. “It could not be located,” Jarvis answered.“Hey,” Tony said, switching his attention to Bruce, “I have some other experiments too – you want to see?”Bruce said yes.They spent the rest of the afternoon talking excitedly about Tony’s projects. Finally, Bruce asked him, “How come we’ve never done this?”Tony looked at him awkwardly.  “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Romance
Mild Angst
Fluff

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

