Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"So the internet has decided you're my father."Tony dropped the coffee Darcy was handing him, splattering it everywhere. He didn't seem to notice. "Excuse me?"Darcy looked down at her outfit with a pout. "Dude! I like these jeans!" Behind her she heard a quiet laugh, and she turned to flash a bright smile at Dr. Banner.Tony waved a hand distractedly. "Not the point! The point is- the point-" he stalled, then spluttered, "Father?""I can see it," Bruce said thoughtfully with a wink at Darcy. "The ages are about right."Tony threw a screw at him. "No! I will not have such talk! First of all, I am in the prime of my life. Barely. Barely in the prime of my life! And you-" he waved a wrench in Darcy's direction. "You are entirely too old to be the daughter of a young, virile specimen such as myself. I mean, look at me.""Actually, sir, you are twenty years older than Ms. Lewis, which is a perfectly reasonable age difference for you to be-" Jarvis began."Lalalalala I'm not liiiiiistening," Tony sang, holding his hands over his ears until Jarvis stopped. When he finally uncovered his ears, he glared at the ceiling. "Traitor.""You programmed me to be accurate, sir," Jarvis said, sounding rather put out."Doesn't matter, don't care. Revealing my secrets! For shame." Tony turned back to Darcy, only to find her holding out a new coffee. "How-?""Seriously? This is Stark Tower. You probably own more coffee machines than Starbucks. Like, the company. Collectively." Tony made grabby hands for the coffee cup, but she waggled it out of his reach. "Drop this one on me and so help me, I'm telling Thor about the marshmallow incident.""Low blow, Lewis.""Would you prefer the taser?""You see this?" Tony asked Bruce, ignoring Darcy. "Ingratitude, that's what this is. Rank ingratitude!""What can I say?" Darcy smirked. "I'm going through my rebellious phase. You're not my real dad!"Tony whirled back to her. "Ugh, no, none of that. I am not father material! Can you imagine?"Darcy cackled. "Oh my Thor, the looks on people's faces-"She stopped.Tony stopped.Bruce stopped, and groaned, and dropped his head in his hands. "Oh, no.""Oh, yes," Tony said gleefully."You should not be encouraging this," Bruce said tiredly, to neither of them in particular."I don't know what you're talking about," Darcy said airily. "Trolling the internet is an important part of a balanced superhero diet.""Jarvis, new file," Tony ordered.An empty page unfolded in blue in the air in front of him. "Name, sir?""Operation: Who's Your Daddy," he said, looking excessively pleased with himself, then waved at Darcy. "Lewis! Get over here! We have trolling to plan and time's a-wastin', chop chop."Bruce rolled his eyes and turned back to his microscope. "This is a terrible idea," he told them."We work with you, Big Green," Darcy reminded him. "What's the worst that could happen?""I really wish you hadn't asked that."
Once she'd changed into coffee-free jeans, Darcy and Tony spent the next three hours curled up in lab chairs as Jarvis scrolled through various fanfiction on the screen in front of them. "How do people even come up with this?" Tony asked when they'd finished item seventeen. "Does fact checking mean nothing to these people?""Hey, don't look at me," Darcy shrugged, "you're the one rocking the whole media ducklings look, aren't you used to it?""This is different," he said, aggrieved. "This makes me feel old.""Thor save us all," Darcy deadpanned. "How will you live.""Revenge, obviously. Revenge, plus lots of youth-affirming sex with Pepper."There was a groan from Bruce's side of the room. "Jarvis, rule six," Bruce called."Of course, Dr. Banner," Jarvis agreed.Darcy elbowed Tony in the side. "So, what do you owe her this time?""I think it's shoes this week?" Tony said, brow furrowed."Handbag, sir," Jarvis corrected him."Yeah, yeah, close enough. Go for it, J." Tony bent back over his tablet and flicked to the next story. "How did you even find this stuff, Lewis?"
"Um, by reading fanfic? Because fanfic is the best thing since sliced bread. Sliced bread with shirtless men. Really hot shirtless men with muscles that say 'come to mama'," Darcy replied dreamily."Gross," Tony wrinkled his nose at her."Oh hell no. Rule six, dude. You require a rule about discussing your sex life in front of people.""...touché. Let us never speak of it again.""So, what's the plan, boss man?""Escalation," he declared. "Teasing them with hints, then- wham! They won't know what hit them.""I'm getting kinda a maniacal evil villain vibe, here. Me likey," Darcy nodded approvingly."I almost feel sorry for the internet," Bruce remarked. "You two are a menace."Tony's face fell far too quickly to be natural, and he leaned over his desk in Bruce's direction to flutter his eyelashes sadly. "Brucie! I'm hurt. You're supposed to be on my side."Bruce laughed. "I said almost!" Tony just looked at him skeptically and kept pouting."Boys, boys. The bonds of Science! will forever unite
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
(or so thinks the internet)
Background Relationships
Trolling

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

