Chapter 1





Chapter Text

"People where you live," the little prince said, "grow five thousand roses
 in one garden . . . yet they don't find what they're looking for."

The Little Prince, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry


~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Toni's first memory is the sharp, burning shock of electricity.  She remembers with crystal clarity the way her father picked her up and checked her over. He'd squatted next to her and wiped the tears off her face as he explained how electricity worked, showing her how to take the power socket apart and put it back together. Toni had watched mesmerized, pain and fear forgotten. "Now me," she'd demanded, grabbing for the screwdriver. Her father had ruffled her hair with a laugh and let her have it.She'd wanted to keep the memory for herself, but somehow she ends up sharing it with the world in one talk show or another. The story spreads like wildfire. "My mind was born to electricity," is one of the first quotes Google spits out when you type in 'Antonia Stark.' Of all the half-truths and outright lies her public image is made of, that quote is the one Toni likes the most.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Toni's favorite superhero growing up is Batman. It's her biggest secret. He doesn't need superpowers to save the day, just intelligence and money. Toni has both to spare. When she grows up, she's going to be a superhero just like him.Her room is filled to the brim with Captain America toys, and the walls are covered with dozens of Captain America posters. She owns every single comic and is the only child in the world with an exact replica of his shield. "Who's your favorite hero?" her dad asks her every night. "Captain America," Toni answers. It's the first lie she learns to get away with. The thing she likes the most about Batman is that he's never been real, and her father doesn't need to find his body. Toni hates summer with its long string of endless days. She's cooped up in Malibu, dressed up in pink and pastels, curtsying left and right, with only her mother and her society friends for company. She strikes off the days on her Captain America wall calendar while she waits for her father to return from his Arctic trip. If she's a bit more forceful with her pen on the days printed over Captain America's face, no one notices. Toni screams with joy when her father comes back and thanks him when he gives her yet another Captain America toy. The summer is finally over, and her dad is hers again. They're going to build a robot dog together. She's going to give it pointy ears and call it Bat.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Her parents are fighting about her again. These days, they are always fighting about her.She tries to concentrate on her homework, but the math isn't hard enough to keep her attention. She's skipped two grades already, and the math is still too easy. School bores her. She'd rather spend her days working with her dad in the Stark Industries' labs.  "She's a girl, Howard!" Her mother's voice carries through the empty corridor. Toni sighs. She's heard it all before. "She should be allowed to grow up normally." Toni wonders if the two of them ever tire of having the same argument. "Toni isn't normal. She's a genius, like me, like my father. When she's running Stark Industries she'll need—""This is insanity, Howard. Antonia isn't going to run your company," Maria screams. "Her husband will. You've filled that girl's head with your crazy dreams. God knows I wanted to give you a son, but Antonia isn't a substitute. She's a girl! She can't run around wearing pants and oil smeared t-shirts forever. She needs to learn what it means to be a proper woman." "I didn't want a son," her dad screams back. "I didn't want any children! Getting pregnant was your idea." The tip of Toni's fountain pen snaps. The ink spreads all over her notebook before she can stop it, ruining her homework. Down the corridor, her parents are still yelling at each other. Toni ignores the voices, ignores the way the pit of her stomach hurts or how her head pounds. She can write off tinkering in the workshop tonight. By the time night falls her father will be too drunk to be of any use, and her mother won't be any better. "I don't care what you or the board expect," her father is still arguing. "Toni is a Stark first and foremost! She's not going to be some society wife." Toni knows that tone. It's the passionate certainty of a visionary who wants people to see. She knows what her father's friends whisper behind his back. They call Toni 'Howard's next crazy experiment.' No better than the flying car or the arc reactor—clever and brilliant to show, but still useless. Toni is going to prove them wrong. Even her dad. Howard just wants her to carry on his legacy, but Toni wants more for herself. She's just Howard Stark's daughter now, but when she's done reshaping science and modern warfare it will be her face people remember when they hear the name Stark.  Antonia Stark's father, that's how she wants history to remember Howard. Toni rips off
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/OMC
Tony Stark/OFC

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Female Tony Stark
Rule 63
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Drug Abuse
mentions of adultery
Implied Non-Con
Mentions of Rape
Rape Recovery
PTSD
Racism

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/OMC
Tony Stark/OFC

