Work Text:
One day shortly after the wormhole-and-nuclear bomb incident, Toni Stark realises she's made a terrible error.In a fit of mental aberration, she had invited the other Avengers to live with her and the Iron Woman Suit in her Mom's New York mansion, remodelled for the purpose - it had been a lengthy fit of mental aberration involving several building contractors. The Avengers had accepted with varying degrees of suspicion (Natasha) and flattering gratitude (Bruce). Inviting Captain America to come live with her, that was the mistake, because getting an embarrassing hate-crush on Steve Rogers, first legit human-created superhuman and her Dad's wartime buddy, hadn't been on her radar. She'd been prepared to like Bruce since she'd first read his scientific papers. It's a pleasant surprise to find out Clint's been hiding a deadpan sense of humour. Natasha – well, she'd always had a thing for wickedly competent redheads in impractical shoes (see Potts, Pepper) so that works. Thor is just really fucking fun. Captain Steve Rogers is... not.Captain Rogers is half her age plus seven almost exactly, so panting after him is not actually weird-older-woman creepy if only by a slim margin – she refuses to think about him also being 90-odd, because time spent frozen doesn’t count. There are a few flimsy explanations for the attraction she concocts once she's picked up the pieces of her ego from the wreck of her self-image. She has a thing for natural blondes – there was this floppy-haired, quick-fingered grad student at MIT back in the day who may or may not have set a few precedents for her libido. He's smart, and Toni has always, always liked the smart ones, even when they're humourless assholes (Rhodey – not once you get him warmed up, though). Rogers gets to her on some new level, some mean, aggressive, throw-me-against-a-wall way she's never been into. She likes sexual banter, easy loving and easy leaving, not a death spiral of a relationship where no-one even gets laid before the fighting. She tries to put distance between them where possible. It's a big mansion, and there's always some technical problem she can use to keep her down in her workshop, where the comfortable couch is battered and the music is always sufficiently loud to keep everyone else out.One day she's working on some armour for the Hulk, and a detour into elastic force-absorbing gel research has her up all night, modelling molecular interactions.“Miss Stark, is there an emergency?” Captain America says from the doorway. She's asked him to call her Toni, or even Ms Stark, like Pepper does, but he keeps defaulting back to original programming, or something.“Nope, just following a line of thought, which you are interrupting. Go eat, or something, mi casa es su casa-”“Kinda early to be up thinking.”“I haven't slept yet.” She turns around and takes in the sight of the Captain's thin, dampened sweatpants. Down girl! Not for you! “Why are you still up?”“I go running in the mornings, get some fresh air to wake me up.”“Jarvis told me, but morning,” she purses her lips in distaste at the word, “starts 9am, maybe 8 in extreme circumstances.”“0500 is a fine hour for running, the streets are nearly empty-”“Yeah, because all the normal people are asleep.” Toni rolls her eyes. “The freaks come out at night.”“And you know so much about normal people,” Rogers bites out. Ooh, that hit a nerve.She puts a wrench down on the bench with unnecessary force. Pissing Steve Rogers off comes as naturally to her as breathing, and God knows Toni's weak spots are visible from space. They make a terrible combination.“In this century? Yeah, I think I know more about them than you do.” He takes in a breath to follow that up, and she is abruptly very tired. It's like arguing with her Dad all over again and wow, that's an incredibly disturbing thought.  “Go get some breakfast, Captain Rogers. You're still a growing boy, must be hungry after all that running.” She turns away, going to the other side of the room – unnecessarily – to pointedly tap at a keyboard. She listens to him walk out, irritation slapping his feet onto the floor at every step.*She tracks down some Captain America porn – look-alikes with flags and plastic shields, giving head or sucking cock or getting fucked. It's to get it out of her system, she tells herself, and maybe to humiliate him a little in her head. It doesn't help, she just ends up horny, sore and unsatisfied.Then a morbid impulse sends her looking for Toni Stark porn – it's out there, she knows. The porn stars are all ten years younger than she is, shaved all over, none of them even Latina, all airbrushed and twig-like. The only common feature is their tacked-on plastic arc reactors. She doesn't watch the videos. The women in straight porn never look like they're having fun – it's a perversion of sex, joyless, the fucking just a way to subjugate her in effigy. Toni runs her fingers over the arc reactor. She has all her dresses cut to display it,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
cisgirl!Tony
always-a-girl!Tony
Toni Stark - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

