Work Text:


The rain is heavy, aggressive and cold. It scours down the sides of the buildings and streaks the windows, gurgling angrily through the downspouts before it crashes into the storm drains. It slows the ponderous traffic to a crawl and beats on the umbrellas and car roofs and races the staccato shush-tok, shush-tok of the windshield wipers as the drivers fight to see.The cat remembers how much he hates the rain.This is not a revelation, but it is a memory: one more tiny scrap of knowledge that can be added to the set of things that the cat knows come from him. This dislike wasn't put there by Hydra. None of his keepers needed him to hate how it feels to be wet and cold, or how awful it is when your fur gets sodden and heavy, or how miserable when the smells go away.It didn't matter to his keepers, before. So this is his. One more minuscule, insignificant, beautiful little thing that actually belongs to him.Of course, he's still soaking wet.He's also hungry and cold, and his right front leg is broken and very painful, which makes it hard to walk. He also has broken ribs, and his lungs haven't felt right ever since he got out of the river.It'd be easier to move in the manbody or twoskin, but much harder to hide and much harder to search. And there's someone he needs to find. His witch. The man who told him his name.It's too cold and wet for that right now, though. So instead the cat curls up tighter in the corner made by the dumpster and the alley wall. It's almost dry here, and the stink is awful but it might confuse the dogs and keep away anyone who might be hunting him. He's not a small cat, but he's black and its dark, and where he is smells terrible and even the S.T.R.I.K.E. teams try not to be out in the rain.Maybe it'll clear up by morning, and he can look again. He thought he smelled the man-who-is-maybe-his-witch before the rain started. If he's lucky there'll still be enough scent to find.The cat doesn't know if he even wants a witch. But something's wrong with him. Something's missing. It's been missing a long time.He just wishes he could remember what he's lost, instead of knowing he hates the rain.

The story doesn't begin here, but it could:Steve Rogers falls into the water and the twoskin he called James Buchanan Barnes goes after him.He should have killed him. Kotik doesn't know why he didn't, but keeping this man alive is an imperative even stronger than the geas tearing at him. Rogers said he was Kotik's witch. He saved Kotik when the girder fell and refused to hurt him. But that's not why the twoskin drags Rogers up onto the bank instead of letting him drown.Kotik stands there watching the water trickle out of Rogers' mouth as he breathes, and the compulsion to kill him is so powerful that he's is trembling and his claws are stabbing pits into his hands. His right arm is weak, broken at the shoulder, but he still has his left arm and all his teeth and his claws. Rogers is unconscious. It would take no effort at all to give him a quick, clean death without any fear or pain.That's the only good thing Kotik knows how to give, and the only thing he's ever been allowed to. The geas is tearing him apart and there's blood from his own claws dripping through his fingers and he must kill Steve Rogers now now now. But he doesn't.Kotik wants to protect him. He wants Steve to be safe, even if that means the geas rips him to pieces. It's the first thing that's felt right and true and real in as long as he can remember, that he wants Steve to live more (far more) than he wants to live himself. So he changes from the twoskin to the cat, because the cat is too small to kill a man. And he runs.It hurts, to run limping on a broken leg. But the geas fades a little every time he changes, and he can hide so much more easily like this if his keepers come after him. And he knows better than to be there when Steve's friends arrive.So he runs. And for a little while he even tells himself that he won't look for Steve again. It'd be for the best if he doesn't. Steve will be safe.The cat knows he shouldn't look for Steve. He does anyway.

Or it could begin here:He's wet and very, very cold. So cold he can't move. He wants to move badly, but there's a sluggish disconnect between his limbs and his brain. He's also afraid of the other people in the room, but he's too cold to get away from them. He's very hungry.Right now there's ice on the tips of his ears, and chips of ice still frozen to his tail and in his hair, and the clawbeds at the ends of his fingers are blue. This is all he knows: that he's wet and cold and hungry and the twoskin, and that if he doesn't get up they'll hurt him and if he does get up they'll send him out to kill. If they're happy with him afterwards, they'll let him take his muzzle off and eat. If they're not, they'll hurt him again. If he makes them very happy, his keeper might even pet him a little, like between his ears or on the back of his head. That's the one bearable thing, when a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Marvel Universe Big Bang
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Magic
Witches
Shapeshifting
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Werecat Bucky
Who is Adorable
And a Vicious Predator
Eat What You Kill
bucky no
Hydra are dicks
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
And His Familiar
Who is Bucky
OTP: Not Without You
OTP: Till the End of the Line
Care and Feeding of Feral Winter Soldiers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

