Work Text:
Saying that Tony is a size queen is kind of an understatement. To be perfectly frank, he's been sticking things that weren't meant to be stuck up there up there since he knew you could even stick things up there, and he's not exactly known for his ability to back down when faced with an obstacle, especially when that obstacle is ten to twelve inches long and comes in a plain brown wrapper. He even took the Great American Challenge once on a dare, and the very hardest part was pretending that he wasn't going wild for it, loving how full and stretched it made him; the only reason he couldn't finish was that he'd have come everywhere if he hadn't stopped.It's insane the number of people he's kicked out of his bed for not measuring up to his completely impossible expectations; it helps that he's not known for long entanglements, because it makes it so much easier to cover it up. He's only found a few people who understand, who get that he's not trying to hurt himself, just trying to get off in the most intense, most satisfying way he's ever found.It is really, really convenient that Bruce Banner is one of those people.Tony can hear the furniture rattling in the other room as the Hulk paces, waiting for him. Tony is only slightly terrified of what he's about to do, what he's about to let Hulk do to him. There's no training him, no taming him, but to a certain extent you can explain cause and effect to him. Tony's sort of gotten him to understand that if he lays back and stays still, Tony will get him off. Hulk came into this situation already knowing he liked that, which makes Tony kind of wonder about all that time Bruce spent on the road. The noise is accompanied by loud talking, because Thor really has no concept of an 'inside voice.' Thor is here because he does not give a fast fuck about this entire situation, which says things about Asgard that Tony's not sure he really wants to understand. It's good, because he's the only one of them who can actually stop the Hulk if he decides to act up; Hulk and Mjolnir, immovable object trumps unstoppable force.Tony's waited long enough; he bends over the sink, sliding the nozzle into his ass; he looks at his face in the mirror while he squeezes the bulb, filling himself up. Tony loves and hates this part: he loves the feeling, he hates the waiting. He's full in a completely different way, the water insistently pushing into places that never get filled, even when he does what he's about to do.And then it's done; he releases, shuddering. He cleans himself up, but he still doesn't feel any less dirty than when he started. He just feels hollow, empty, hungry, even when he grabs the lube and puts what feels like half a bottle up there.When Tony finally opens the door, Thor is leaning against the wall, looking bored and vaguely amused; that's way less interesting than the giant green thing in his bed waiting in his bed, ready to fuck him. It strikes Tony that he really could kill himself with this one, that this could be the way the great Tony Stark falls, which would pretty much be an only slightly more outrageous way than everybody already expected.Fuck it. He's been doing stuff that could kill him since he was about fourteen, and it's not like doing it with sex was far behind."How ya been, big guy?" Tony says, walking towards the bed and pretending that his heart's not beating out of his chest."HERE," Hulk says, grabbing him around his waist and lifting him up, setting him down so that he's straddling Hulk's chest, Tony's face very close to his already hard cock. It's, well, it's not as bad as Tony expected, but it's still heavy machinery. Tony's taken longer, but only by centimeters, and that wasn't as big around as his frigging forearm. Jesus Christ, if this doesn't absolutely kill him then it's going to be the ride of his life.His train of thought derails when a huge finger pushes inside of him; Hulk's learned on this one, learned to let Tony fuck himself instead of driving in and out. He stays mostly still, letting Tony move, and Tony reaches and gets his hand around Hulk's dick. He can only really suck the tip, but it still provides for good positive reinforcement.He really should keep this up, keep getting himself ready to take it, but there's just no fucking way. He's impatient and Hulk's impatient and at any moment he could psych himself out, go home always wondering, always wanting. "Alright, Gumby, it's time," he says, taking his mouth away from Hulk's cock; he spits on it for good measure, because every little bit certainly counts in this situation. "You're clear on this, right?""HULK WAIT," he says. "HULK NOT MOVE. HULK STAY. LITTLE MAN WORK.""Excellent summary," Tony tells him. "How 'bout you, L'Oreal?""I am prepared," Thor says, with that same blasé look as earlier, like this is something that's just on the TV while he's distracted.Asgard is seriously fucked up.Hulk picks him up and turns him, and now Tony can see his face, smug and feral. Fuck, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hulk/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
You heard me
Community: kink_bingo
Hulk Sex
Enemas
Comeplay
Size Kink
I apologize for nothing
Oh God This Is Dirty
I mean it
Thor Odinson Is A Good Bro

fandom: 
Hulk/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

