Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"I WILL KILL YOU ALL!" It's a bass bellow that almost doesn't sound like Phil at all. She braces for gunfire, but there isn't any. Just snapping and choking and furniture being violently rearranged. Muffled cursing and grunts of exertion, then a helpless yipping sound and dark, derisive laughter. More snapping. Some gurgling and another loud thud. "Kent, I'd eat your fucking liver if it wasn't white. Stay down." Darcy whines softly, clenching her thighs tightly, slick dripping onto the floor. Even if she wasn't on drugs, Coulson in full-on Alpha mode is hot. And well, kinda scary. But hot. And scary. There's a peephole in the door, and she staggers up to look through it.Phil's office is a fucking wreck. The desk is overturned, the window is broken, all the prints have been knocked askew, and all five of the dickheads are sprawled on the floor, groaning or unconscious. Phil is standing in the middle of it, shoulders heaving as he catches his breath, trembling in rage. He's more disheveled than she's ever seen him, it seems really wrong, like, violation of the laws of physics wrong that he's not straightening his clothes, not combing himself back into order like a cat. He just stands there, bloody fists flexing. She can hear him growling quietly."Phil?" It comes out shakier than she wants it too, but there's no helping that, not with lust and terror having some kind of thermonuclear war inside her."Are you all right, Darcy?""Y-yeah. They grabbed at me and said some nasty things, but I was in here before anybody got anywhere.""Good." It's a low snarl, and he kicks the ringleader, that son of a bitch who went after her two years ago, jarring a low groan of agony out of him. "Thank the lady for your life.""Fuck you!" He lashes out with one arm and Phil stomps his hand as if it's some venomous creature, making him howl."Don't test me." Phil's patience is deadly. He will stand there all day, the sharp edges of the sole of his shoe digging into skin, and all of them know it."Thanks," he growls.Phil clucks disapprovingly, shaking his head. "No, no, that won't do at all.""Coulson...""Say, 'thank you for the gift of my worthless life, Ms. Lewis.'"He says it. Phil makes them all say it, and only then does he call other people to collect them, to take all their information and ban them from SHIELD premises and probably take them to a hospital instead of prison, 'cause damn. Darcy stays locked up the whole time, everyone very understanding. There's a little scent-blocking airlock they can pass things through, and they give her some tiny, hexagonal blue pills. She knows what they are in theory, but has never expected to have to use them. Two years ago it had been her stupid beta friend giving her sugar pills, so the heat had been natural, just catastrophically timed. These miniscule tablets are a strictly controlled substance, and for good reason. They'll cut through the synthetic heat, but they've got off-label uses that kill. Darcy, being their target audience, downs all three of them with one of the zillion bottles of water Phil keeps this placed stocked with.She calms almost immediately, and dims the lights, taking a nap while Phil takes care of everything outside. It seems a little unfair, somehow, but there isn't much she can do about it. When she wakes up she feels icky from having slept in her clothes, and still definitely in heat. But it's okay, because she's safe in here and it's normal heat, just serious horniness and a little languor, nothing that overrides her mind. She sits up and yawns, stretching her arms and wincing at the way her bra is digging into her. She takes it off and sets it aside, rubbing her eyes."Darcy?" Phil sounds like himself again, enough to make her wonder for a bizarre moment if she dreamed the whole thing."Yeah?""Just making sure you're all right. Do you need anything?""...Food. Porno.""Check the back cabinets for porn. What would you like to eat?""...Something prewrapped? It's not that I don't trust you, just--""I understand, Darcy." And he just sounds so fucking sad. "I'll be back soon."While he's gone, she checks out the porn, amused and turned on that Phil actually thought to do this. It's all dynamic and gender combinations, too. Alpha females plowing Omega males, Beta on Beta action, Omegas with their hands buried inside each other, Betas licking and sucking Alpha knots. Darcy shivers, and leafs through her choice of high-end, glossy magazines, giggling and wondering what Phil's Alpha scent is like, because it must be all over the place now, as angry as he was. She wriggles, thighs pressed together, and wonders how in the hell she can still feel so scared and violated (intent matters, dammit) and still want Phil's knot. Because she absolutely does, and can only suppose it's some kind of Omega reptile brain thing, wanting a strong and protective Alpha, which Phil most definitely is.Like he's been summoned, he's there at her little airlock. "I wasn't sure 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Attempted Rape
Age Difference
Friends to Lovers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Fluff
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis

