Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 The woman was not a necessity, his handlers did not make her a requirement to complete his mission.  Maria Stark was of no value.  The child that she carried inside of her was the reason The Soldier was here, it was important, it was the objective.  It was what was demanded of him, bring them the child.  The woman, who cradled her swollen belly gently as she threw him a hesitant, terrified look, did not seem to be aware of how little she mattered.“If you let me go, my husband will reward you.”  She said, one of the few statements that she repeated over and over.  The Soldier gave no response.  “He could… find you a job.  A better one.  He knows a lot of powerful people.”It was the same, every time the woman opened her mouth.  Bargaining, people were all so similar when faced with danger.  They thought they could beg and bribe their way out of it.  The Soldier didn’t listen to her, neither did the other men sent with him on his mission.  His escorts.  They continued to carry the limp bodies of the woman’s bodyguards further into the forest. The woman’s hands were shaking as they reached down to wipe at the blood on her dress, it did nothing but smear further into the ruined fabric.  Her hands were stained a deep red as they returned to her stomach. “My husband.  He is a powerful man.”  She said, her voice soft as she spoke.  “If you just let me go, he’ll make it worth your while.  All the money you could ever dream of.”The Soldier did not answer her, he did not move from his post by her side.  If she ran, he would catch her.  If she tried to attack, he would restrain her.  Those were his orders at the moment, keep her calm and placid until they were able to deliver her to his handlers.  Once they had the child, she would become irrelevant.There was silence when the other men climbed into the van and closed The Soldier and the woman in the back.  He could feel the engine start and the bumpiness of the road as they drove from the scene.  It would be a long journey, The Soldier had already calculated the distance and how long it would take them to arrive.  A few days at their current speed, it would take far longer to get from one end of the country to another if he had to walk.“You’re not going to let me go.”  The woman said, her voice shook.  Her hands were steady.  “Are you going to kill me?”The Soldier didn’t answer her.  He wasn’t permitted to know what would happen to her once they had what they needed.  He kept his eyes on his hands, the metal fingers of his left curling slowly.  His right hand stayed on his gun.  The Soldier glanced up quickly, the woman had pressed herself into the corner of the van.  If not for the steady rise and fall of her chest and the hands tenderly stroking her stomach, The Soldier would have thought she was dead by how still she was.  Her eyes were closed, her lips moving as she muttered silent words.The other men were talking in the front seats of the van, laughing at a joke The Soldier didn’t quite understand.  The van rocked as they went from gravel road to concrete, it would be a steady journey from now on.  It was still light outside, hardly even past noon, they would know she was gone by nightfall.  They had to be long gone by then.“Hey, Maria!”  One of the men said.  “What did you do to get a husband like Howard?  Must be pretty talented, perhaps you could demonstrate your skills.”They laughed again, another joke he didn’t understand as they muttered to each other and hollered.  Whatever meaning behind their words was causing the woman’s head to fall, her chin tucked up against her chest and her shoulders rising protectively.  She didn’t answer them.  Instead, she turned her attention back to him.  He expected her to start begging again, offering him things that were of no use to him.  The mission was all that mattered.Maria Stark was an attractive woman, the kind of person with the right looks to be useful in manipulating others.  The Soldier had met several female operatives, some he had commanded and most who commanded him.  His eyes lingered on the dark curls of her hair, the bright blue of her eyes, and the delicateness of her facial features.  If she were a spy, no one would think of it.  They would be too distracted.They crossed the county lines, only a few more hours until they leave the state.  Once the mission was complete and the package was safely delivered, they would decommission him until he was needed again.  A rest, hopefully a long one.  The safety of that cold box they would shove him in was always an odd comfort, there was no blood in there, no electricity, no pain, no orders.  The sooner the woman was handed over the better.“Do I know you?”  The woman said, her voice steady and almost void of all fear.  A near perfect sounding calm in her tone, forced and almost nearly hiding the nervousness.  She was still curled into the corner, her body language protective and cautious, but she no longer sounded as frightened.  “I swear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Protective Bucky Barnes
Kid Tony
Mild Gore
Torture
Cesarean Section
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bucky Barnes-centric
Bucky Barnes Feels
Pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor Character Death
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Tony
Premature Birth
Child Abuse
Brainwashing
Kid Fic
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Mental Health Issues

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

