Chapter 1: Coulson's Box of Knitted Sweaters
    


Summary:

Coulson receives a box of sweaters on his desk. Apparently, Darcy Lewis can get into Shield protected offices without being seen. Shocking!



Notes:
I do not own the characters used in this fiction or the MCU universe, they belong to their respective owners. If I did own them, this would probably be canon.




Chapter Text
Jane wasn’t entirely certain when Darcy had started knitting, but she was certain that it had started somewhere after Shield confiscated her ipod. The knitting wasn’t distracting so Jane hadn’t paid any more thought to it until one day Agent Coulson arrived with a box of knitted items in his hands and a calm, yet oddly exasperated look on his face.“Dr. Foster, you wouldn’t happen to know where your intern is?”Jane’s science addled brain processed the fact that Coulson was asking for Darcy and she yelled out for her intern immediately, with a slight feeling of annoyance that Shield would want to take her attention away from science. Darcy rounded the corner with a pop tart in hand that she stuck in Jane’s mouth before turning to face Coulson.“Oh, good, you got my gifts.”“Miss Lewis-““Before you say you can’t accept them let me point out that I got them into your office without even being booty called which is so not cool for your 007’s. Any old spy could just walk into your office with a bomb and the male version of M would be blown to bits. How is Director Fury by the way? I haven’t seen him in ages!”Agent Coulson paused momentarily before picking up his cell phone and reading an incoming text. His eyebrows raised minutely before he turned back look apprehensively at Darcy’s smirking face. Darcy nodded to the common area before walking away and Coulson trailed after her intrigued. Once they were alone Darcy circled around Coulson before standing in front of him with her hands across her chest.“All right, big guy, what do you know?”“You’re a level nine clearance.”“Yup!” Darcy popped the “p” on her lips completely unfazed.“You wouldn’t happen to know what the highest level is?”“That’s a Carter, no number.”Coulson’s eyebrows raised and he surveyed the tiny woman in front of him.“Who exactly are you?"“A clumsy intern who happens to know how to kill. And if Shield comes near Jane Foster or Erik Selvig again without checking with me then Fury will be the one getting handmade gifts on his desk.”Darcy patted Coulson’s shoulder before returning to her desk.“Also, tell Fury to change out his eyepatch. And I want my iPod back by sundown.”Coulson left the lab a little bit dazed but quickly recovering and dialed his number for Fury.“Boss, you wouldn’t happen to know a Darcy Lewis?"A row of expletives followed by the line cutting out told Coulson all he needed to know. The only problem was, what was he going to do with ten very loud sweaters?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis(Friendship
Thor/Jane Foster(Background)
Natasha Romanoff/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts(background)
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers(Friendship)
Darcy Lewis/Remy Lebeau
Thor/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Peter Parker/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Bucky Barnes/Remy Lebeau
Darcy Lewis/Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Knitting
Darcy Lewis Knits
AU: Darcy is Deadpools Daughter
Clint likes good quality
Poptarts
Tags to come as I work on this
First series: Woot woot!
Not Beta'd
like at all
Darcy doesn't take other peoples crap
Really long scarves
Darcy calls Natasha Honeybear
Dum-E gets a hat
Darcy calls Tony Twinkletoes
Bruce Banner's striped socks
Little bit of angst
Jane's protective streak
Dart gun Wars
Jane's poptarts
Steve doesn't have a stick up his attractive ass
Darcy likes abs
Or is that licks abs?
Both both both is good
Fury's eyepatch
Deadpool is a matador
Peggy Carter is Darcy's "Relative"
Darcy's spectacular knitting skills
Darcy calls Fury Grumpybeard
Darcy calls Thor Hammertime
And has a heart to heart
Darcy's impeccable aim
Comfort
Darcy and Thor spar
Darcy calls Steve Captain Abs
Odin's eyepatch
Odin is Santa
At least in Darcy's mind
Darcy gives Loki a headache
Avengers cuddle pile
bungee jumping
Deadpool sings the Macarena
Grant Ward gets better character development
Darcy's dog Lucky
Clint's nightcap
Knitting Codes
There are trigger warnings at beginnings of chapters that require them
Darcy doesn't age
at all
Immortality yeah that's a thing
More common than Darcy previously thought
Lucky and Natasha are besties
Skye is Darcy's daughter
Jessica Jones is Darcy's daughter
Victor Creed's a chaotic neutral in this
And Kayla Silverfox doesn't die

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Jane Foster/Darcy Lewis(Friendship
Thor/Jane Foster(Background)
Natasha Romanoff/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts(background)
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers(Friendship)
Darcy Lewis/Remy Lebeau
Thor/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Peter Parker/Darcy Lewis(Friendship)
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Bucky Barnes/Remy Lebeau
Darcy Lewis/Bucky Barnes

