Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky threw back his second shot of whiskey, throat burning and throbbing headache starting to form in the back of his neck.        
"You sure, you don't wanna ease up on that, Barnes?" The redhead to his right said with a grin stretching across her full lips.       
Fiddling with the bottle in his hands, he threw her a smirk and poured himself another shot. "No. I think I'm perfectly fine at the pace I'm going at right now. Thank you very much." His glass sat full on the counter of the bar, Bucky making no moves to grab it though. Natasha noticed the way the brunette's hand was slightly trembling in a fist, but made no comment on it. Instead, she put her elbow on the wood of the bar to rest her head on her hand. She made sure her voice was steady, no trace of the worry she was feeling slipping out. "So, what did you invite me out to drinks to my favorite bar for? If you're the only one who's going to drink?"       
When she had walked into the door, having received a text from Bucky earlier that day for some drinks, she saw that her friend was already at the bar nursing his first shot of liquor. To say that alarms had gone off in her head, was kind of an understatement.       
Bucky sighed and leaned back in his chair, so that his back was pressed into the stool back. He mumbled some words while running his hands over his face, Nat not catching any one word.      
"You're going to have to say that again, so I can actually hear what you're saying."      
Bucky opened his fingers, so that his eyes were peeking out from in between them. "Brock and I are getting a divorce."       
Natasha's eyes widened and she whistled low, grabbing the bottle of whiskey from Bucky. "Well, shit."      
Bucky let out a bark of laughter, removing his hands from his face and settling his arms on the counter. "What, no 'I told you so?' Come on, Nat. I know you want to say it."      
Natasha tilted her head to the side, keeping her eyes on the shot that she was pouring for herself. It's true, she did want to say 'i told you so'. "I don't know what you're talking about, I only ever wished love and happiness for you when you got married."      
Bucky scoffed and took the bottle back from her when her glass was full and she threw it back. "Yeah, okay. I totally believe you, Nat."       
She let the burn of the alcohol slide down her throat, before turning to look at her friend. Her and Bucky had known each other since their freshman year in college, where he had gotten sick at a party and she had watched over his stupid, drunk body.       
She also remembers when she met Brock, Bucky had been all smiles under the guy's arm. Natasha instantly hated him.       
They had been going out for about two years, dating, moving in together, then finally Brock proposed to Bucky. Bucky had come to her door at three in the morning glowing like the damn sun had crawled up his ass, excited to tell her the news. She remembers how she had spit out her water when he had told her. Bucky had noticed her foul mood, and had stormed out of her apartment saying that if she couldn't be happy for them, then she should keep it to herself.       
That had hurt her. Real bad.       
It wasn't that she hadn't been happy that her best friend was getting married. It was who he was getting married to.       
Brock was your typical alpha. Tall, strong, and had a quick temper. But it was that he was controlling. She noticed early on when the two had started dating. How Brock would always stand in front of Bucky. How he would end up ordering for them at restaurants. How the longer they had gone out, the more Bucky had become introverted, and almost always had to ask Brock for permission to do anything. He had never said it out loud, or at least where she could hear it, but he was treating Bucky like he was some omega from the dark ages. And it pissed her off.      
She tried to get Bucky to break it off with Rumlow as much as she could, but the day before the wedding, she had realized that nothing she said was going to get through to her friend. Not while Brock was with him. So they made peace, and she was reinvited to the wedding by a tearful Bucky.       
She didn't actually remember much of that day, since she spent the majority of it getting as wasted as possible. To try and not think about how much she hated Rumlow.      
Now here they were, three years later with Bucky looking like hell dropped in to visit him.       
She wanted to say 'i told you', but she also wished that she hadn't been right in the first place.      
Bucky was looking at the wall, now. Eyes glazed and seeming to be miles away.       
"What happened?"      
He didn't even look at her, but his fingers messed around with the gold band around his finger.       
"I caught him cheating."      
"What?" Natasha was actually pretty shocked by that. Brock was an asshole, but trying to imagine anyone cheating on Bucky was pretty fucking hard to do. She was his best friend, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Surrogacy
Sugar Daddy
Slow Burn
Omega Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

