Work Text:
So, dating Matt is not actually that different from not dating Matt.           Foggy does, of course, give him shit that he never noticed.“Ten years, Matt,” Foggy says at one point. “Ten years and you never noticed.”“Some heartbeats are unusually fast!” Matt answers defensively.Foggy shakes his head. “I can’t believe it. I did my waiting. Ten years of it. In Azkaban.”“Hell’s Kitchen is hardly Azkaban, Foggy.”“Nope, it’s worse.”“I wouldn’t go that-““TEN YEARS.” For the first week they’re together, they try and hide it in the office because of an attempt to keep the workplace professional. It works okay until Karen returns earlier than they expected from her lunch break to find Matt between Foggy and a wall with Foggy’s tongue in his mouth, and there’s no amount of saying “no homo” that will fix that.Foggy knows. He tried. Even as Matt took the dignified route of letting Karen thwack him with a phonebook while yelling at them for not telling her. For the second week they’re together, Karen plays “I Just Had Sex” every morning when they arrive at the office.“That is not true every time you play that, you know,” Foggy finally says when he hangs up his coat. Karen arches an eyebrow.“I don’t need to be able to hear your heartbeat to know that that’s bullshit,” she answers. “Also Matt’s got that overly pleased with himself smirk on behind you.”Foggy rounds on him as Matt serenely says “I assure you, there is nothing overly about it.”Foggy throws up his hands. “I’m not discussing my sex life with you, Karen!” he yells as he walks into his office.“Don’t worry,” she calls back. “You will. In time.” And then after all that, there’s not a lot that’s different.They still take care of the same kind of cases. They still bicker over the proper way to approach them. They still refuse to drink Karen’s terrible coffee.Only now, Foggy will absently press a kiss to Matt’s forehead and Matt will grin up at him with that big dopey grin that Foggy only used to see when they were drunk. Matt will run his fingers through Foggy’s hair while they’re studying case files with whatever hand isn’t clutching a slice of pizza. It’s natural, and it’s calm, and there’s something so peaceful to it that he can’t really assign an amount.           There’s also the sex.Which, yeah, also pretty cool. “So how’s life with Lucifer?” Natasha asks with a smirk when they’re having coffee.“Well, if you believe certain hate groups, I and all my fellow queer folk have been living with Lucifer for a long time, so really, I’m quite used to it.”“Hmm.” Natasha sips her mocha serenely. “Not used to the banging him part, though.”Foggy rolls his eyes. “No comment.”Natasha swirls her drink. “You’re happy, though?”He can’t help the goofy grin that pops up on his face. “Yeah. I am.”“Good. I don’t want to have to kick anybody’s ass.”Foggy snorts. “Liiiiiiiie.”She smirks a little in response. “What does your partner think of all this?”Foggy’s confused for a second before he remembers that the Avengers don’t actually know who Daredevil is. “Matt?”“Yes, him.”“Well…” Foggy thinks about it. “I think he’s surprised. But happy that I’m happy.”It’s not a lie. Foggy can see it in his face sometimes, before he hides it. Confusion that it’s him Foggy’s picked, that everything has aligned so that the world doesn’t suck for Matt Murdock. It kind of breaks his heart.“Good. I’ve decided I want to meet them.”“You’ve decided that just recently, have you?”She smirks again. Natasha uses her laughs carefully, but it doesn’t matter. Foggy can tell when she’s amused enough that she has the urge. “Recently enough.”Foggy raises his eyebrows. “Is it a fair assumption that you’re just going to randomly show up at our office without warning me?”“A little more than fair.”“Terrific.”“Sam will not be able to warn you as Sam is unaware of my decision,” she adds. Damn. Of course she knew he’d be counting on that.“Please do not terrify my friends and coworkers.” He’s not actually sure she would. Matt, he knows isn’t frightened of her. An unwise move, in his opinion, as one should always be a little afraid of Natasha. Karen might, but Karen also disguises steel with soft cuddly smiles, so it’s honestly a tossup. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Matt crawls into bed around three and Foggy absently reaches out to poke at him. Foggy always pokes at Matt when he’s back from Daredeviling. If he’s there and solid and makes some sort of grumpy noise, everything is all right.Matt’s grumpy noise is, in this case, overrun by Foggy’s groan. “Dude. No.”“What dude no?” Matt’s voice is muffled by the pillow he’s faceplanted in.“Body armor. In bed. No. Take it off.”“Why, Mr. Nelson, you’re trying to seduce me.” Foggy can hear his grin even through the pillow and absently smacks him on the head. At least he took the helmet off.“Ever want to get seduced again, you’re takin’ off the suit.”Matt gets the suit off impressively quickly. While still under the covers, too. Ten out of ten, Mr. Murdock.“Bet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Avocados at Law
matt is such a little shit
karen isn't paid enough for this shit
she deserves a raise
and her name on the sign
and a small country
Mostly Fluff
a little bit of angst towards the end but not a ton

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

