Chapter 1: Through the Veil
    


Notes:

Welcome to Dodging Prison and Stealing Witches.
Moral Tone: Extremely grubbySexual Tone: This story adheres strictly to the M rating, which means that there are no explicit sex scenes (lemons), but there are prevalent sexual themes and scenes that, while not actually containing explicit sex, are certainly more than suggestive.Story Tone: Enjoyable and 'fuck yeah' fun, with occasional dips into darkness and grittiness (but the darkness never lasts too long). Audio Book:This story now has a gradually catching up audio version, which can be found either through my profile page, or through my website, www.leadvone.com, which also contains links to fan-run projects such as omakes, the discord server, and the DP&SW wiki. The Gray Mailing List:Chapter release schedules, bonus material, and updates on my original fantasy projects are sent out on a regular basis to members of the Gray Mailing List, which can also be found at leadvone.com. Translation Projects:Russian — Helen Sergeeva — fanfics.me/fic133819Russian — Helen Sergeeva — ficbook.net/readfic/7063671A couple of people have expressed interest in working on translations of Dodging Prison and Stealing Witches.If you choose to join them, please publish your translations of DP&SW under your own fanfic names, but give credit at the start of each chapter to the original fic (a link to my personal website would be preferred). I'll link any translation project that completes any one of the DP&SW books at the start of DP&SW (until there are too many) and on my website, so long as the translation quality is at a 'reasonable level'.If you're seriously considering doing this, then you're insane, but I wish you the best of luck! :) A Note on Writing Quality:One of my fondest ambitions is to write fantasy books professionally, but to do that, you need to be good at writing — damn good at writing. I use this fic as a tool to help me reach that level of quality. As such, you'll see many places throughout the story where I've experimented with different story telling forms and tools. Generally, you can expect the writing quality to get better as the story unfolds, but if you consider yourself a sophisticated reader, you may well also see me doing things that cause you to slam your head up and down on the desk in frustration. These are experiments. I make no apologies for head related injuries.And now, please, pour yourself a relaxing drink, sit back, put your feet up, and enjoy.




Chapter Text
A pile of rags sat in the far corner of a high security Azkaban prison cell. The moon shifted a fraction through the window bars and the pile slowly showed itself to be the curled up, skin and bones form of Harry James Potter, the True-Boy-Who-Lived.Things had gotten a bit better since the Dark Lord had taken over Magical Britain, but not by much. On the plus side, there were fewer dementors around, but on the negative side, Voldemort was now devoting more and more time to torturing him through the mental link they shared. The raids on muggles were increasing, and the viciousness of the treatment of the victims would've made him heave, if he'd had any food to speak of in him. The muggle raids were increasing because all the muggleborns had already been exterminated.He'd been in here for just over ten years now. This year marked the point when his stay in this prison would overtake his stay in the last one, those miserable excuses for human beings that called themselves the Dursleys.It made no sense. Why had his parents dumped him there? The official reason was that he'd been mistaken for a squib, but that didn't explain why they refused to speak to him after he came to Hogwarts.His brother, John Potter, was believed by all to be The-Boy-Who-Lived, but Harry knew that wasn't true. He also knew the Headmaster knew it wasn't true.For some reason, the headmaster really didn't like him. When the chamber of secrets had been opened in his second year, and a girl killed, Dumbledore had convinced the world that he was the culprit.Everyone in the wizarding world, even his fellow Slytherins, blamed him, and they'd never liked him much to begin with. In fact, no one much liked him. In his two years at Hogwarts he'd never made a single friend. The Slytherins all hated that he was a Potter, everyone else hated him because he was a Slytherin, the teachers hated him for some unknown reason, and his parents hated him because… he didn't know.He'd been shipped off to Azkaban screaming for someone, anyone, to believe him.No one did.The look of disgust and revulsion on his parents faces, fuelled his dementor nightmares for years, until he stopped caring what the dicks thought of him, and Azkaban merely became an edited highlights reel of Durskaban.And then Voldemort had risen again, and started sending him those thrice-damned visions.He'd made as much use of the connection as he could, sifting through the Dark Lord's head and grabbing all the knowledge he'd accum
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Luna Lovegood/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Daphne Greengrass/Luna Lovegood/Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe
Wrong Boy-Who-Lived
Azkaban
Explicit Language
Independent Harry
Powerful Harry
Worldbuilding
Necromancy
Rituals
Animagus
Manipulative Dumbledore
Harems
Criminal Harry
Manipulative Harry
Alternate Universe - Hogwarts
Hogwarts
Duelling
Pureblood Culture
Harem
Animal Transformation
Polyamory
House Elves
MACUSA | Magical Congress of the United States of America
Ministry of Magic
Legilimency
Legilimens
Occlumency
Mind Games
Politics
Wizarding Politics
Pureblood Politics
Dragons
Unicorns
Centaurs
Wandless Magic
Pre-Hogwarts
Revenge
Gringotts Wizarding Bank
Action/Adventure
Suspense
Mystery
Romance
Masks
Nobility
The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Time Travel Fix-It
Multiple Time Travellers
Alchemy

fandom: 
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Luna Lovegood/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Daphne Greengrass/Luna Lovegood/Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley

