Chapter 1: Escape from Jotunheim
    




Chapter Text
“Don’t let them touch you!” Volstagg cried out.
Loki heard the shouted warning but he was already spinning, gaining momentum for his attack on the Frost Giant before him. The creature lunged, grabbed Loki’s arm and dropped to his knees, eagerly staring into Loki’s eyes in anticipation of his agonized screams from frostbite. Instead of pain, Loki felt warmth flush though him from the painful clasp. He stared down and watched his flesh turn the same color blue as the hand that gripped him. He twisted his arm, flexed his fingers, dumbfounded by the change. What witchery was this? He looked up at his opponent to see the Frost Giant’s expression fade from surprise to grim realization. This meant something to him.
Alarmed, Loki slashed quickly with his knife, scoring a deep wound to the Frost Giant’s chest. The creature cried out as he released him, then fell backwards. Still staring at his arm, Loki was relieved to see his skin fade back into his normal color. Whatever the spell was, it was ending. Loki was a gifted sorcerer, a seiðmaðr, and while he frantically searched for some hint of magic working on his skin, there was none. The implications were…he stopped that line of thought. He had not the time to consider them for the battle still raged on around him.
Loki heard a grunt of pain and glanced up; Fandral had been impaled by a shard of ice. Loki whirled about and flung a blade at Fandral’s attacker, driving him back and buying time for Volstagg and Hogun to reach their stricken friend. As they pulled him free, Loki sought out Thor. They had been outnumbered before; now with Fandral injured they needed to retreat or be overwhelmed.
Sif must have come to the same conclusion. “Thor!”
“We must leave, now!” Loki added, putting the bark of command with a touch of desperation in his voice.
“Then go!” his brother roared, flinging Mjölnir at the Frost Giants. The mighty hammer knocked seven of them down in succession.
At least Thor had heard him. This was one of their exit strategies: Thor would draw their foes ire and then use Mjölnir to fly and catch up with them. Loki raced after the Warriors Three, providing cover for their retreat while Sif cleared a path before them.
Loki was running off to their side when a pillar of ice shot up in front of him. He smashed head first into it and bounced backwards, landing flat on his back, dazed. He blinked his eyes trying to clear the blurriness from them and when they finally focused, he saw King Laufey was towering over him. Fear shot through Loki. He weakly lifted his hand, fumbling as he tried to gather his magic to fling at the enormous figure.
The Jötunn king smiled, then kicked him in the head.
***
Exhilarated by the brutal battle, Thor flew though the icy air and landed with a thump next to the Warriors Three. He laughed, relieved to see them together at the Bifrost site for even Fandral was in good spirits despite being slung over Volstagg’s shoulder like a sack of grain. His blood sang with joy at the mayhem they’d caused: smashing Frost Giants and teaching them the lesson to not trifle with Asgard’s finest. This is what he’d trained for, what he was made for!
With a blast of light, the Bifrost deposited Odin astride Sleipnir before them, Gungnir raised high. With a thunderous expression, the old king took in all with just a glance. “Thor! Where is Loki? Where is your brother?”
Thor smiled and said, “He’s right here.” But when he searched for him, he was not right here. In fact, he wasn’t anywhere visible. “He’s…. Loki!” he called out, hoping his playful brother was just out of sight and hoping to avoid Odin’s considerable wrath.
Odin scowled. “Thor, with me! The rest of you return to Asgard. Now!” Odin was angry and Thor’s companions did not hesitate to comply. With a kick, he sent Sleipnir into a gallop down the icy slope towards Laufey’s palace.
Thor shared a puzzled glance with his companions then spun Mjölnir, taking flight to follow his father.
It was easy to find Loki; Thor and his father drew together as they surveyed the scene. Loki was at the center of a semi-circle of Jötunn warriors, unconscious and held up high against a pillar of ice by two Frost Giants, arms pressed straight out. There was a cut above his eye and the area around it puffy and dark. Laufey stood in front of him and as Thor watched, the Jötunn king grew a wickedly sharp ice blade, pivoted and thrust the point upwards into his brother with a savage motion.
“No!” screamed Thor. He raised Mjölnir but before he could throw her, Laufey turned just enough that Thor could see he was slicing through Loki’s armor, pulling it aside and exposing his torso and upper arms.
When his chest was bare, Laufey gripped Loki by the chin and roughly lifted up his head, causing it to impact sharply on the ice wall he was pressed against. Loki’s eyes shot open and he squinted dazedly about.
Beneath the skin to skin grip of three Frost Giants Loki’s flesh f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor
Frigga/Odin
Loki/Odin (Marvel)

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Rape/Non-con Elements
mascara alert
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
lying
Racism
Internalized racism
Graphic Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Awkward Sex
Underage Sex
Sibling Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Pseudo-Incest
Dementia
personality changes
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jötunn Loki
exploration of Jotunn biology
Intersex Loki
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Discussion of mpreg
Slow build on plot points
really a slow build and you'll have to be patient
There will be some very dark uncomfortable scenes
I will warn in the notes prior to those dark scenes
mix and match norse mythology/Viking culture/MCU
attempted Somnophilia
threesome but only by the broadest definition and for one tiny moment
Arranged Marriage
Rimming
Did you read the Archive Warning that states in bold type there is Rape/Non-con in this story?
The tag for personality changes refers to Odin

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor
Frigga/Odin
Loki/Odin (Marvel)

