Chapter 1





Chapter Text
i. Tony Stark
 
Tony knew he shouldn’t, that he really, really should not be, but he couldn’t help it. It was just too goddamned cute. So he laughed, and the subject of his laughter turned, eyes set in daggers. “This is just too precious.” Tony squatted next to where Bruce was examining the little toddler currently swamped in one of Tony’s old shirts. “How old do you think he is?”
 
“Two, maybe three.” Bruce said, pulling his stethoscope down. “As far as I can tell, all of his functions are working correctly. He’s just… de-aged.”
 
Steve sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “So you think it was that alien ooze? But it got on all of us, and the rest of us are fine.”
 
Bruce shook his head. “It was definitely the alien ooze. And it didn’t get on all of us. For you, Tony and Natasha, it got on your suits. For me, well… It got on the Hulk, and I don’t think it affected him in any way. And Thor is a god. For all we know, he could have de-aged as much as Clint has, it’s just that it made no difference as to how he looks.”
 
“You guys don’t have to talk like I’m not here, you know.” Clint said, crossing his arms across his chest. When he was larger, older, the movement was petulant enough, but Clint had always managed to make it just look annoyed instead of petulant. But now, as a toddler swamped in a shirt that was falling off of one shoulder and hanging precariously on the other, it just looked, well, adorable. “How come my brain hasn’t gone back in time with the rest of my body?”
 
Bruce hummed. “It must be because memories and knowledge are electric waves in your brain. A lot more difficult to get rid of pulses that are always flashing on and off. That’s a guess, though.”
 
Clint nodded. “Pretty sound one. How long do you figure I have in this body?”
 
“Sorry, Clint. I really have no idea.”
 
Natasha grinned sadistically from where she was standing behind Clint. “Well, then. Might as well get you some new clothes, huh?”
 
Clint looked scandalized.
 
--
 
And of course Tony was not going to miss this, because how effing could he? He didn’t even care that the press would be all over him, Tony Stark and Pepper Potts shopping for baby clothes together, a blonde toddler in their arms. He could see the internet already. Blonde! But neither Tony nor Pepper are blonde! Could this be an adopted child?  
 
Clint, for his part, was sulking. He wasn’t struggling or anything in Tony’s arms, but he was frowning and pouting and downright sulking. It didn’t help that every store they went to, every employee cooed at Clint as if he was a real toddler. So Clint kept sulking, his tiny fists squeezing tennis ball-sized wrinkles into one of his best suits, the one Pepper insisted he wear when he was out in public with her.
 
Honestly he couldn’t bring himself to mind, because he’d said it before, but Clint was so goddamned cute. “You know,” he said, grinning down at Clint, who sulked down at the buttons of his three-piece suit, “you can try giggling and smiling for the cameras.”
 
“Oh, god, there’s going to be physical evidence of this?” Clint groaned, burying his face into Tony’s shoulder. He was dressed in a dark blue hoodie that was a little loose for him, along with beige pants, and he looked like one of those baby models that came right out of a catalog, which was probably what Pepper had been aiming for. Tony had originally wanted to buy clothes that were the usual he’d seen – a sweater vest pulled over a button up, with jeans. But Pepper had pointed out Clint had never liked restrictive clothing as an adult, so there was no way that Clint was going to like that now.
 
And she’d been right. The moment Tony had pulled out a sweater vest, Clint had stared like it held all the horrors in the world. So Pepper had very tactfully displayed the navy hoodie, along with the beige pants. Tony didn’t think the clothes were too special – despite the fact that they cost probably more than all of Clint’s previous wardrobe put together – and so it must have been Clint that was pulling off the model-baby look.
 
Clint was, in all honesty, an incredibly gorgeous toddler. Tony could have predicted that, since Clint was an incredibly gorgeous man, but added on with the pale skin yet unmarred by the sun, pale blonde hair and tri-colored eyes that were as big as saucers, Clint looks like a baby that has been heavily photoshopped and brushed over right from a baby catalog.
 
“If we met when you were this little,” Tony said, a little dazed, “I think I would have adopted you.”
 
“Tony, I’m going to remind you that you’re not that much older than me.” Clint rolled his eyes. “But yeah, I was a pretty cute baby. I remember walking down the street, holding onto my mama’s hand, and people would always comment. I mean, that was before my mama stopped taking me out anywhere because pretty soon I got too many bruises and cuts from my pop’s drinking, you know?”
 
Tony winced. Right. Alcoholic father. “I would have taken good ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Thor
OT6 - Relationship

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Babysitting (sort of)
Fluff

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Thor
OT6 - Relationship

