Chapter 1: Lost
    


        Chapter by Citlali




Chapter Text
“Hey,” a voice said from the door. “Mind if I sit here a while?”
Matthew frowned. There was no one else in the room. The voice belonged to a patient. A young man he’d encountered a few times on his rounds collecting the dirty linen baskets from the patient rooms. He recognized his voice because he always said hello and tried to make small talk. It wasn’t Matthew’s job to talk. He would get in trouble if he was late, and so he usually tried to be polite but brief.
Today, the young man sounded tired. He smelled like medicine.
He hadn’t answered, but the young man entered anyway and sat down on a chair by the wall. “It’s quiet down here. I like it.”
“This is the laundry room,” Matthew said.
“I noticed. This is where you work?”
“In the mornings.”
“Hmm.”
“Can I get you anything?”
“Nope, just hanging out. So you’re blind, right?”
“Uhm, yes.”
“That’s okay, I’m bald. At least for now. Are you part of the state lease program?”
Matthew briefly held up his wrist with the ID tag on it. “I am.” Matthew continued working and the young man continued sitting.
“Does anyone know you’re down here?” Matthew asked after a while.
“No. That’s kinda the point. I told the nurse I was going for a walk.” He stood up and walked around. He leaned against the folding table. “My name's Foggy. What’s yours?”
“Matthew,” Matthew said.
“Hi, Matthew.”
“Hi.” It was kind of weird to be talking to someone. He figured Foggy must be lonely. He’d been in the hospital for a long time already.
*****
That was only the first time Foggy came to the laundry room. After that, he visited every day. Sometimes he talked a lot, sometimes hardly at all. Matthew continued his work while he was there. He liked Foggy’s voice. He liked listening to what he had to say. He talked about sports, especially baseball. He talked about his friends from high school. He talked about how he’d just started college before getting sick.
“Which one?” Matthew asked.
“Columbia University.”
“Me too,” Matthew answered. He hardly spoke, mostly keeping it to yes or no and the odd 'hmm' to let Foggy know he was listening. As soon as he said it, he felt both exhilarated and afraid. He hadn't even allowed himself to think about it for a long time.
“You were a student?” Foggy asked.
“Not yet, but I’d been accepted. I wanted to do law school.”
“I could hardly believe it when I got my acceptance letter. They were pretty good about it when I notified them I had to put things on hold for a while. They told me I can come back. If I get better.”
Matthew rubbed at the identification tag on his wrist.
*****
The most remarkable thing was that Foggy kept coming back. He was smart about it, too. When Matthew's supervisor was around, Foggy came and sat down, explaining he was on his daily exercise walk and he needed a place to rest a moment before moving on. He never tried to talk to Matthew when anyone else was in the room. He only stayed to talk when it was just the two of them.
“I don’t want to risk getting you in trouble,” Foggy explained. “I don’t want you to think it’s because I don’t want to talk.”
“Thank you,” Matthew answered.
*****
Eventually, Matthew told Foggy a few funny stories of his own from his high school days, but he liked listening to Foggy’s stories more.
“How did you get detained by the Centre?”
Matthew didn't want to talk about it. He felt embarrassed and ashamed of what happened to him. It shouldn't have happened. But if he didn't talk about it then the Centre would keep doing what it always did. Someone had to challenge the system.
“I grew up in an orphanage, so after high school I applied for transitional housing assistance. Just somewhere to live until getting a room in the dorms. The director was uncomfortable with having a disabled tenant and transferred me to the Centre-care program for the disabled. It was— it wasn’t what I was used to. I didn’t grow up in a special needs facility.
“I tried to run away and I got caught and detained at the Centre. Foggy, you have no idea what it’s like there. I got— I got mad when they didn't let me out in time for school to start, and I started a fight. One of the guards got hurt, and I was arrested. I got sent to conditional training. Now here I am.”
Conditional training was where the state-ward detainees were sent to be taught to be lease-workers. It was essentially a prison.
“How long is your detainment?”
“Indefinite.” He made a fist briefly to stop his hand from shaking. It didn't help. “Their reasoning was that I already belonged to the Centre because I’d been in the Centre-care program. How… how is that legal? I was never part of Centre-care, I was only there for transitional housing. I never consented to anything. After my sentence is complete, my status will revert to Centre-care as a state-ward.”
“How many times have you tried to run away?” Foggy asked.
“So far? Four.”
“Maybe next time.”
Matthew nodded slightly but said nothing.
*****
“Are you going to be alright
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Hurt/Comfort
Friendship/Love

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

