Chapter 1: Challenge Accepted
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
With Loki vanquished and Thor preparing to return his brother to Asgard to face their justice, there was still much left to be done to aid clean up and rebuilding. Which left Steve wondering why exactly he was in a SHIELD conference room with Black Widow and Director Fury while they waited for Hawkeye. The battle was over, the war won, but the civilians still needed help to clear the rubble from their front steps, and here they were in the midst of what equated out to a debrief.Clint entered the debrief with an icepack on his shoulder, looking around quickly, a frown appearing on his forehead when he noticed the lack of a certain black suit. "Hey, director," he greeted, flicking the paperwork and then ignoring it. "Saved New York, aliens gone. Anything else?"Fury gave him a long look before shrugging. "There always is. That's what the paperwork is for you know."Natasha watched Clint, looking far more relaxed than she actually was, "And the reports might eventually get written."Fury snorted. "Unlikely."Her lips curled upward briefly, "Well that's what you have—” She broke off before she finished the sentence, glancing toward where Coulson would once have stood during the post-op debriefs.Steve glanced between the three agents, finally turning his attention on Fury, "What are you looking for in the report?""Give me your usual," Fury replied, shaking his head slightly, arms crossed loosely over his chest. "If I need more, I'll tell you. Just what happened and what's on the ground."Clint frowned at Natasha as she fiddled with a folding knife and then at Fury. "Sir?" he said finally, after using a rubber band and pencil to create a makeshift cross bow. "Where is Agent Coulson?"The room fell silent at that question, Natasha suddenly finding the blade of her knife extremely interesting.  Steve's blue eyes flickered to Fury, and then to Clint, waiting to see what the director would say."Guys?" Clint tried again, looking around. "Come on, I woke up out of that mind control thing and went down the surface. I haven't seen him since the portal opened--did something happen? Is he injured?"Crossing his arms again, Fury glanced over at Natasha. Natasha returned Fury's look steadily, but didn’t say anything and the moment stretched on even longer.Steve's eyes narrowed at their silence and he carefully cleared his expression and turned to Clint, speaking softly, his tone and posture indicating remorse, "He, he's dead. He died fighting Loki."Clint stared at him a long moment. "That's not funny," he managed, deadpan. "That's really not..." he turned to Fury and Natasha as if seeking confirmation that at least it was a joke.His partner finally met his eyes and shook her head, "He's not joking, Clint."Clint stared at her a long moment. "Natasha," he said finally, drawing her full name out slowly like so he rarely did. "When you told me, not to do that to myself did you know about this already?"She kept her gaze steady as she nodded very slightly, "I did."For a long moment Clint remained sitting perfectly still, hands crossed on the table in front of him before standing hard enough to send his chair over backwards and stomping for the door."I didn't dismiss you—" Fury started and let it go when Clint flipped him off and slammed the door on his way out. "—But I guess you already knew that."Steve looked at the door for a long moment, "Who was Coulson to him?""His handler," Natasha replied, earning her a skeptical look.Fury snorted. "Look, Captain, you're supposed to be doing paperwork, because I don't think Banner is walking back in with me and I don't think I could get Stark to write down a damn thing.""No, sir," Steve responded, his gaze going to where Clint had left, "I'm doing paperwork because I'm the only one, technically, you're still providing housing for and I need to earn my keep somehow.  You could get a decent report from either one of you agents, but you don't expect those reports to ever show up, do you?"Natasha made a discontented sound, but fell silent."I need more than one perspective you know," Fury snorted. "Besides, Clint won't be making a report after that. In fact, I assume he's at Stark's right now finding all the alcohol.""Can't say I blame him," Steve said, getting to his feet, "I'll write the report, and I’ll show up for that photo op you're working on setting up in central park, but after that I'm severing my connection with this agency. I'll take my belongings, the ones the government doesn't own, and I'll take myself—since unless a hell of a lot has changed slavery should still be illegal—and I'll be on my way straight from the park." Natasha's brows arched sharply at that speech, but she simply slid her knife back into its place.Fury considered him. "Yeah, you're not really suited spy work anyway. But you know what not to do? You don't send a man to save the world by telling him h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Nick Fury/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Past Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

freeform: 
Minor Tony Stark/Pepper Pots
Kittens
Canonical Character Death
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Rampant Alcohol Consumption
Rampant Marvel Cross Over Characters
Past Abuse
Past Relationship(s)
Domestic Avengers
Tony's Strays
Christmas
The Avengers Fail at Christmas
Let's also be honest this was started in 2012
And mostly written 2012-2014
so we ignore everything after the avengers came out 2012

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Nick Fury/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Past Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

