Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was pretty sure there was a ghost living out its afterlife in his kitchen. He thought it must have moved in approximately two Thursdays ago, and it seemed to really enjoying cooking - especially Italian - and Chinese takeout. It also seemed to be very friendly, as it always left a note that said something along the lines of ‘for my generous host’ or ‘leftovers are Tony’s, NO ONE EAT’ on top of the food.As he said, it started on a Thursday, about two months after the Avengers fought the Chitauri. Tony had been working steadily on a project for SI in his workshop, humming along to The Black Keys, when Jarvis had cut in.“Sir, I’ve lost the cameras in the kitchen,” the AI informed him in alarm. Tony sat up at once, wincing at the crick in his neck before checking to see what day it was; Thursday. Three day binge, ugh, he’d collapse soon, and he was starting to feel vaguely nauseous. Odd, he hadn’t actually eaten in that time, except a couple protein smoothies. Stretching, he headed for the door to walk up to the kitchen, ignoring Jarvis’ protests. He was Iron Man, he really doubted anyone would be stupid enough to break into his tower. Besides, the suitcase suit was in the kitchen from last time he wanted to work on it and Pepper had ordered food for him.Arriving at the kitchen door, Tony warily peeked inside.“Cameras restored. Running systems check,” Jarvis’ most electronic voice echoed in the kitchen itself.Tony frowned. Why take them down for such a short period of time just to bring them back online again? He edged into the room, eyeing the floor for any traps.That’s when he registered the divine, mouthwatering scent of fresh Indian cuisine. Specifically, Chicken tikka masala, smelling spicy enough to burn. His eyes fell closed and he opened his mouth slightly, as if to taste. Opening his eyes, he located the takeout container sitting on the table and moved forward blearily.“Sir, wait!” Jarvis protested.Tony ignored him. The note on the lid said “for Tony” after all. Not like he would turn down a gift that smelled so perfectly delicious. Locating a fork (on top of the takeout box), he immediately dug in, groaning in delight. The flavors burst on his tongue, burning just the right amount and washed down with mango lassi. He groaned in delight. “Jarvis, make note of the takeout box, this is amazing,” he mumbled, and took another bite. The whole meal was gone before he knew it, and he stumbled his way to bed, vaguely noting that Jarvis had his vital signs pulled up on the wall before he fell asleep.Tony initially thought it was a one-off; food in the kitchen, sleeping for the whole night, waking up feeling human. Weird, one-off.Except the next day, at about eight o’clock, Jarvis caught a loop that had been running on the kitchen cameras for just over two hours. Now Tony was curious, and that meant he had to go see what was up. So he closed down the project he was working on (armor upgrades), and made his way up the stairs again, this time much more alert and awake. This time, there wasn’t a takeout box waiting for him. Instead, the dishwasher was running, and a tupperware full of spaghetti was steaming on the table, along with a basket of breadsticks that looked and smelled homemade. Tony immediately decided that, next to metal and grease, homemade bread was his favorite scent. It wafted through the air, making the room smell like a bakery. Next to the tupperware was an index card, with a hastily scrawled “Tony” across the top and a recipe underneath. Tony glanced through it, unconcerned - he didn’t have any allergies.“What the hell,” he eventually said, bemused, and moved forward to eat the food. Now that he was more awake, he was aware that it probably wasn’t the best idea to eat the magically appearing food, but if it hadn’t killed him last time, it probably wouldn’t this time. Despite Jarvis alarmed, “Sir!”Tony hesitantly wound the spaghetti up on a fork and slurped it down. He sighed in delight. The spaghetti was practically gourmet, and after the first bite, his hunger made itself known. He devoured the spaghetti in the bowl and sat back, satisfied, after about half the pasta and all but one of the breadsticks. Sticking the leftover pasta in the fridge and putting the breadstick in the cupboard Pepper kept stocked with bread products, Tony yawned, looking at the clock. “Put on a movie, Jarvis?” he asked, making his way to the living room and sprawling out on the couch.Jarvis obeyed, oddly silent about the new turn of events. Tony’s eyes drifted shut as the movie reached its halfway point. He was warm, and full, and totally content. He didn’t know who was leaving food in the kitchen, but it was kind of comforting to know that someone else was around. Even though he had no idea why, how, where, or who.Wow, he thought as he started drifting off to sleep, I must be a lot lonelier than I thought.After a few days of mystery food and the most regular sleep schedule Tony had exper
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Clint Barton

freeform: 
casual stalking
Food
food ninja
puzzle
Living in air vents
Insecurities
Pining
Mutual Pining
Idiots
slightly OOC
Adorable
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Drinking
late night tv
mystery food deliverer
Crack
Prompt Fill
Developing Relationship
unidentifiable food origins

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Clint Barton

