Work Text:
It's roughly two months since he'd let Steve and Sam catch up to him when they get a call. Something is loose in New York and it's been disturbing local businesses, breaking into stores, smashing appliances to pieces, rotting out produce, shredding clothing. It's mostly the small places that are getting the brunt of the damage. They are being contacted, by email usually, being asked for money, or gruesome favors, and there's no way a respected caterer would slip poison into their food, or a mechanic would tamper with brake lines. The requests vary in danger and threat, but after they're being refused, destruction follows. The local law enforcement have been hitting dead ends after dead ends, but after a piece of tech has been found and sent to Stark for analysis, it's been obvious they weren't dealing with run of the mill criminals. This was something that called for an out of the box approach. It's why Stark's called the Avengers to New York.A week later, they aren't anywhere near finding the culprits, or uncovering their methods. Somehow, they always manage to get to scenes seconds after the fact, and Bruce has started theorizing about alternate types of transportation.James is just happy Tony's building is large enough that they aren't cramped together while trying to solve this. In the meantime, he's gotten to tentatively know the rest of the team. There's Howard's kid, all grown up, a lot more bitter than his pop, but a lot more settled, too. James thinks it's Pepper's doing. Then there's Bruce, the man with about as many issues as James, albeit different ones altogether. Natasha is just as scary up close as Steve has described her, but that's her way of being friendly. He hasn't met Thor, the god of thunder yet. And then... there's this.With raised eyebrows, James stares at a sleeping Hawkeye, curled up on the one sofa in Tony's massive living room that covers all the exists. Clint, his name is Clint, James reminds himself, trying to figure out if he can still squeeze in next to him and get away with it. He lets out a sigh, probably not. The sofa is more of a love seat, really, barely enough room for two. He gives up and moves to sit next to Natasha. It's strange, though, how nobody pays any mind to how Clint sleeps through the entire movie they're watching.James hasn't really interacted with Clint these past few days, the sniper quite elusive, except for briefings. There have been signs of him, pointed out by Steve mostly, a coffee cup here, leftover pizza there, a broken arrow embedded in the ceiling. James hasn't been out with them to locations yet, either, and he spends most of his time poking through Tony's online library or staring at the wall of evidence they're set up in one of the conference rooms. He's been trying to find a pattern, but he's been unsuccessful so far.The next time James stumbles upon Clint, the man is slumped over the kitchen counter, fast asleep, a trace of drool pooling at the corner of his half open mouth on the surface of the wood. Steve comes in then, starts puttering around to make dinner, and why the hell are they eating Steve's cooking, he's fucking awful at it. But Steve moves around Clint expertly and without disturbing his sleep. James starts helping with the cooking.They get another call a few days later and this time James goes out with Steve and Natasha. They come back empty handed, as usual. Steve's frustrated, and James gets it, he's feeling it as well, so when Steve suggests the gym, he's happy to join in.Clint has somehow managed to fall asleep on the mat of a treadmill, and James gapes for long moments at Steve who just goes about his routine without batting an eye. James is a little envious of how Clint can just rest like that, when James can barely sleep for two hours straight without waking up gasping.When he asks about it, he gets shrugs and variations of "he does it all the time, we're used to it."~James breathes in deeply, trying to shake away the image of the cryo chamber door closing in front of him. He's sitting on his bed, sheets pooled around him, and his entire frame trembles with the memory of frost for long minutes before he's able to move.He walks to the kitchen, fingers trailing on the walls, feeling their textures from beneath the too long sleeves of his oversized sweatshirt. It grounds him in reality, along with the sounds of his bare feet on the tiles, noise that he makes on purpose, because he can. A glass of water, and he shuffles into the living room, in search of something to fill his time. That's when he notices Clint, wedged between the wall and a sofa.James looks around, but no one is there. How can they all let Clint sleep wherever? Right now, the position he's in looks extremely uncomfortable, legs bent, arms askew, and chin resting against his chest. He's going to have a sore neck tomorrow. With a scratch of his head, James sighs before approaching.Carefully, very slowly, he picks Clint up, who stirs, but doesn't wake.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
avengers are avenging
Avengers Tower
Home
Comfort
bed sharing
Sleeping Together
Nightmares
recovery a lil bit
alien tech
magnets on bucky's arm
Clint is a mess
Clint Needs a Hug
James needs a hug
james gives more hugs than he receives
Pining
Oblivious

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

