Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 



part i


  &  

Even the light is an illusion,for when it stops I'll cease to be.Then, in the darkness for countless hours,I can move around freelyexactly as how you like.Kanon Wakeshima - Maboroshi


Sometimes Tony regrets being under constant surveillance from his own computer systems. Especially when there are at least seven different individuals under his roof who can effortlessly hack into his CCTV banks and retrieve embarrassing footage.Such as Tony flailing and falling from his chair in surprise when his lab suddenly floods with light.Tony lets out a huff and starts to push himself up. He learned from an early age how not to show emotion (emotions are a weakness, and the press can smell weakness on you, my boy) so at least he doesn't have to deal with the embarrassment of blushing in shame in front of Captain America.Or in front of Steve Rogers, because Steve's out of uniform and is finicky with his identity like that. Tony absent-mindedly touches the chest plate of his arc reactor as he orients himself back onto his chair. Some superheroes aren't quite as entwined with their real selves as Tony is. He and the suit really are one. It's not like Tony can fly around and suddenly think of himself as Iron Man. He's just Tony."Did you just try and kill me?" Tony asks Steve, smoothing his t-shirt down and pushing around his tools like he's doing something important with them."With a lightswitch?" Steve asks, detaching himself from the doorway and walking over to Tony's workstation. "I wouldn't be that subtle."Tony smirks. Once upon a time, Steve and he were awfully polite, all mindless phatic communion and hellos and how are yous and Mr. Starks and Captain. That was before they found out how to work with each other. How to use their natural clash of approaches as a sounding board to find the strengths and weakness in each other's plans, rather than as an obstacle in their way.Now they don't bother with small talk or social constructs. Their conversations always seem to begin halfway through.Also, Steve's been spending way too much time with Pepper for Tony's comfort. That zinger was nearly spot-on Pepper-perfect."You'd punch me in the face," Tony says, holding onto two of the nearest pieces of equipment, and looking up at Steve. "Or shoot me.""I might throw a tank at you," Steve says, looming over Tony's desk a little. "You'd want the press to have something interesting to write about in your obituary, right?""Because I'm so very bland," Tony says. "And don't tell me you're planning to type that obituary up yourself?""I can type," Steve says, but he doesn't sound too convinced. He straightens, leaning back and shoving his hands in his pockets. He looks around the blueprints, spread around Tony's desk in a complete circle, and changes the subject. "More Iron Man schematics?" He tilts his head and starts to walk around the perimeter of the scans. "Didn't you upgrade the mark fourteen last month?"Tony resists the urge to touch the piece of paper in his pocket. Steve pauses, one eyebrow twitching. Tony glares at him challengingly for a moment, and then shrugs, turning to his mess of tools, starting to throw them into the nearest drawer haphazardly. "The flight stabilizers, yes," Tony agrees. "But I thought I'd throw in a few special features. You know me. Never happy with the simple model.""Sometimes simple is best," Steve says.Tony shoves his drawer shut and idly spins on his wheeled chair. "You came into the wrong room. Logan's room is four floors up. He'll appreciate that lesson completely. Tailor-made for him, right?"Steve rolls his eyes, and prods at one of Tony's displays. He still jabs at them a little too hard, like he actually has to make contact with the light, but Tony programmed JARVIS to compensate for it years ago. "You need a double spray of this flame-retardant doo-hickey stuff on your left flank," Steve says. "You favor your right side. You keep leaving yourself exposed there.""I do?" Tony asks, automatically, because every flaw is always going to be something he needs to prod at. JARVIS obligingly plays a quick montage of scenes from some of their recent battles illustrating Steve's point. Tony makes a mental note to tone down JARVIS' pre-emptive intuitive display parameters, because he could almost swear JARVIS takes way too much glee in anything that can be used against him. "I do," he agrees. He stretches, and freezes awkwardly, wondering if he's favoring his right side now."You're fine," Steve says."Stop reading my mind," Tony says. "It's creepy enough when that Professor guy at the mutant institute does it.""Charles," Steve says, sounding remarkably patient considering he has to do this every time they talk about the X-Men. "His name is Charles Xavier. You can't just keep pitching a fit about him because you're not the only rich superhero around.""Rich shmich," Tony mutters, "he barely scrapes the top five hundred of this continent. I'm in the top three of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake Character Death
Minor Character Death
Mass Death
Angst
Romance
Podfic Available
Steel Corpse
Earth-11326 (mention)
Happy Ending
Action/Adventure
Plotty
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

