Work Text:
Knee-deep in code, the small hours of the morning creeping stealthily by, Tony barely blinked when a hiss of displaced air followed the dialling down of the metal grunge blasting through the garage. He squinted at a misplaced operator and muttered, "Always with the music."There weren't many people who dared to poke their noses into his workspace, fewer still with the balls to mess with his music. Pepper had a standing invitation, one she hadn't waited for him to extend in the first place. Jarvis had become more a part of him than the house since completion of the Mark II, and didn't give a shit about his music, anyway.Which left Rhodey, and just one other.The first time Steve had tromped down the stairs, found the keypad next to the sealed door and called out for the code, Tony had given it to him without a second thought. Watching his fascination with the bots and basking in his appreciation of the cars was more than worth it, and it hadn't taken long for Tony to get used to surfacing from work to find him tinkering quietly with an engine."Tony," Steve said, his voice strong, sincere.Making an appropriate noise to let Steve know he was absolutely listening, Tony rapidly tapped out a few strings. There was no way that operator had migrated on its own, but why the hell had he put it there?"Tony, for the good of the country, we should get married."Tony scratched at his chin and mmhm'd absently."There will be public outcry," Steve went on, "but making a strong, visible stand on the issue is what's most important.""Right, sure," Tony agreed. "Important." He almost had that little bastard right where he wanted it. If he switched the- He straightened up. "Wait. What?"Steve gave him a funny look. "I said, I didn't think you'd so readily agree.""No, no," Tony said, whipping his chair around. "Before that.""Marriage, Tony," Steve said, crossing his arms in a way that said he was digging in for the long haul. "For the good of the American people."Puffing out a breath, Tony slumped back in his seat. A quick glance at his workstation confirmed the complete absence of alcohol of any kind. He'd had a single drink upstairs, hours ago, so obviously he wasn't drunk. And Steve, as far as anybody knew, couldn't get drunk, which sounded pretty damn unfair but wasn't something he seemed to mind."Married," Tony said. He gnawed on the inside of his lip. "Really?""What better way to send the message that same-sex couples deserve all the rights of the heteronormative majority?"Clearly hallucinating after a string of late nights and the probable exposure to chemicals of a highly questionable nature, Tony jumped straight from wedding to wedding night. It wasn't the first time he'd pictured Steve naked. It wasn't even the first time it involved tuxes, either, thanks to the Foundation's endless string of black tie affairs. But picturing Steve naked was kind of addictive all on its own, and Steve, despite his staunch sense of propriety, was in no way modest, which meant Tony's imagination had an excessive amount of ammo to work with.Tony blinked back to the here and fully-clothed now. If in some bizarre and unanticipated twist this happened to be reality and not some highly complex delusion, he'd need to get a grip. Carrying a giant flaming torch around for Captain America was one thing, and giving in to the urge to harmlessly flirt here and there was another. Marrying the guy for a principle was a whole other universe of something else entirely."That's-" Tony paused, clearing his throat. "Getting married for show isn't much of a statement." He pushed up out of his chair and grabbed the nearest piece of something or other strewn across the desk, fiddling with a wire as if it were the key to his next stroke of brilliance. "At best it'd seem like a publicity stunt. At worst, a mockery.""Tony-""No, it's okay, I get it," Tony said, wincing as the wire jabbed him under a nail. He sucked at his finger, a small tinge of iron tainting the salty taste of his skin. "Leading by example is what you do, and Captain America always does what's right. But with my track record?" Tony shook his head. "They'll know it's a sham.""Tony."Tony flicked the piece of junk aside and crossed his arms, countering the stubborn set of Steve's jaw with a lopsided smirk. It wavered for a moment, and he had to work to keep it steady as he said, "Yes, darling?"Something flickered in Steve's expression before it softened. "You're right. I'm sorry."Bitter relief weighed heavily on Tony's shoulders. "No problem," he said, flopping into his chair. "Brave new world and all, takes some time to get used to.""We should announce we're dating first and give society time to adjust."Tony's forehead thumped to the desk. Dummy perked up with a mechanical whine. "We're not dating. And if he dusts me," Tony said, pointing at the bot without looking up, "I'm blaming you, Steve."A few moments of blessed silence, and then, "We're not?"Tony lifted his head just enough to peer at S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

