Chapter 1





Chapter Text

I.
Tony had always known that he was a special snowflake.He just didn't realize exactly how special, not until the Incident that Shall Not be Named happened in Afghanistan, where life saw fit to endow him with Stark-designed shrapnel through his chest in a grand gesture of unsubtle irony.  Somehow he'd managed to cobble together a weaponised armour of sorts using the equipment in the cave that the terrorists had acquired, because Tony Stark was going to rescue himself, thank you very fucking much US Army, and it had all been going fairly well until Yinsen had abruptly gotten infected with self-sacrifice, and then... then Tony only remembered being consumingly, blindingly angry-He'd woken up in some sort of infirmary that looked a sight better than the cave, not that that was saying very much at all, if Tony had to be honest.  But someone had at least bothered to clean him up and put him in a sterile hospital gown, and there was even a glass of water to the side.  Tony had the mother of all headaches pounding in his skull, and as he groaned and tried to sit up, only managing to roll over, trying to reach the water, the machine he was hooked up to started beeping in alarm. Tony glared at it, trying to will it to switch off, and just as he managed to prop himself up awkwardly against the headboard of the cot, the steel sliding doors slipped open, and a tall, bald and scowling African-American man strode in, dressed in a black trenchcoat with an eye patch, of all things.  Behind him was a blonde man, military if Tony knew anything about it, straight-backed, broad-shouldered, sharply dressed in a suit with a deep green shirt.  Blondie was easy on the eyes, at least, although the look that he levelled at Tony - something between exasperation, relief, and a strange sort of warm fondness - was fucking weird, seeing as Tony had never met Blondie before in his life.Then again, Tony was awesome, and made weapons.  He probably had more than a few fans in the military."Let me guess," Tony rasped, looking over to the African-American man in the vaguely piratical get-up. "Red pill or the blue pill?"The African-American man's scowl deepened and seemed to turn long-suffering.  "My name is Nicholas Fury.  I'm the director of SHIELD, a UN black ops initiative targeted at preserving global security.""...Okay.  Never heard of you," Tony noted warily.  Either he was hallucinating, or the terrorists were getting really creative.  "Where the hell am I?""You're in Manhattan, Mister Stark.""Uh huh.  In that case, give me a phone.  I need to make some calls." "But before you leave," Fury ignored him, "You're going to have to answer some questions.""Look-""Approximately twenty-eight hours ago," Fury continued evenly, "There was an unusual light flare in a section of the Hindu Kush that was, and I quote witnesses, 'as bright as a new sun', and it went on for nearly half an hour.  Surveillance followed the flare to a cave, which had been burned, and just beyond it was you, face-down on the rock, unconscious and unharmed.""Unharmed?" Tony repeated, surprised, then he belatedly realized that other than the headache, nothing else seemed to hurt.  Hurriedly, he pulled up the collar of the blue hospital shift that he was wearing, and glanced down at his chest. Unmarked.What in the world...?"Your life signs were stable, but despite repeated attempts to revive you, you remained unconscious until a few minutes ago," Fury went on, as though oblivious to Tony's undoubtedly visible astonishment.  "How much do you remember?""There was..." Tony hesitated, frowning, rubbing his eyes, then he shook himself as years' worth of Pepper's very patient military public relations training belatedly kicked into gear.  "I want a phone.  And the address of wherever we are.  If we're in Manhattan, you can't keep me here.""Mister Stark, it's in your best interests to cooperate," Fury glowered at him, but Tony had been facing down figures of authority of varying importance since he was twelve, and besides, he'd just spent the last three months in captivity, and what with waking up randomly and magically healed in unknown locations, had just had fucking enough of being trapped.He was also hungry, and very close to being willing to kill for a cheeseburger. "You can book in a meeting with my secretary when I'm out," Tony retorted, with as insincere a smile as he could conjure, and even as Fury bristled, the blonde man began to chuckle."Something funny, Michael?" Fury transferred his glower to his companion, who merely shrugged."Gabriel has always been contrary.  Let him go.  You'll get no help from him if you force him.""He melted everything in that cave, even the bones of the people who'd been in it.  I don't-"Wait, what? Melted?"Nicholas," Michael interrupted, with a gentle smile, and Fury sighed. "Fine.  But if there's a miniature solar flare incident in Manhattan if or when our friend here wakes all the way back up, you'd better be fuck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Slight Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Angel!Au
Wingfic
Alternate Universe
Avenging Angels
wingkink
Possessive Behavior
Dirty Talk
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Slight Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

