Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Derek hates aeroplanes.He thinks that this is totally justified, thank you very much. Anybody in their right mind would hate a beast of a machine that’s about 250 feet long and could probably squash even Captain fucking America in a second if it fancied. He is not, however, scared of aeroplanes, no matter what Stiles says.Derek is scared of nothing, just for the record. Except maybe Stiles’ father, but that’s a whole different story.“Look!” Stiles is calling delightedly, his face pressed against the window. “I think we just flew over Hogwarts.”“Hogwarts doesn’t exist, Stiles,” Scott says, rolling his eyes, and Stiles and Isaac both look over at him in horror.“SHUN THE NON-BELIEVER!” Stiles yells, and Derek wonders if his life will ever be normal. He thinks that maybe it won’t, and mourns a little for any semblance of normality his life may once have had. Which was probably none.Isaac high-fives Stiles.Derek tries not to tear his on-flight brochure to pieces.“We could have been there by now if we’d taken the Quinjet.” Scott pouts. He doesn’t look that disappointed, however, because they still have first class seats thanks to Stiles’ favourite godfather and he’s currently got Allison sprawled across him, fast asleep, while he watches America’s Next Top Model on the on-flight TV.“I could be living with god daddy Stark in his mansion but I stay for you, Scottikins. Stop complaining.”“Shut up, you stay because of your father. Also because he lets you have any pizza topping you want on Friday Night Pizza Night.”Stiles pretends to look offended. “How dare you? I’ll have you know that I would not be brought to such a level. I am nowhere near so dedicated to pizza toppings.” Stiles chews at his thumbnail thoughtfully. “Okay, maybe a little.”“I have lost complete track of this conversion,” Boyd says from his seat, a few rows in front of Derek. From where Derek is sitting, it looks like Boyd is watching something suspiciously like a romcom. Derek makes a note to mention Ryan Gosling’s abs later in conversation and see how red the wolf turns.“Hey, Boyd,” Stiles calls from where he seems to be attempting to recline his seat in a very painful way – for both him and the chair.  “If you wanted to see some rippling muscle, you didn’t have to resort to –”Boyd makes a sound suspiciously like a choked sob. Stiles stares. Derek stares. Allison mutters in her sleep, ‘Not the rabbit, daddy. Not the rabbit.’ Derek doesn’t know whether that’s amusing or just sad.“I’m just kidding, bro,” Stiles backpedals, looking alarmed. “I mean, I like The Notebook. It’s a great movie. ‘I wrote you every day for a year’, and all that.”Derek smirks, leaning over in his seat so he can press his lips to the soft skin of Stiles’ neck. “It’s your favourite, isn’t it?” he whispers.“Shut up,” Stiles mutters, but he’s smiling. “So it’s not going to be easy,” he whispers into Derek’s shoulder, perfectly on cue.“It’s going to be really hard,” the TV chokes out from the other side of the cabin. “We’re gonna have to work at this every day.”“But I want to do that because I want you,” Stiles says, his laughter soft against Derek’s skin. “I want all of you, forever, everyday.”“You and me…every day,”  Erica says in Stiles’ ear, her voice thick and amused, and Stiles is so startled that he lets out a squeak and falls out of his chair, landing, strangely enough, in Derek’s lap.Derek’s not really complaining. “You’re going to be the death of me,” Derek mutters, rolling his eyes and wondering if there is a club he can join for Sexually Frustrated Werewolves.“I sure hope not,” Stiles laughs, and licks his lips, devious as a cat. “Who else will I watch shitty movies with?”“I always thought you and Allie were quite similar,” Derek says, and dodges the punch Stiles half-heartedly aims his way.-For the record, this was not Tony’s idea.It totally wasn’t this time, he swears.“I don’t think pink is really my colour,” Steve says, his forehead creased with doubt, turning around in front of the mirror. Tony mostly just stares at his butt, which, can he just say, those pants should be illegal. Completely illegal. In fact, Tony’s definitely going to bring that up to Pepper and see if she can do something about that. There can be a law passed, the Captain America Can Not Wear The Skintight Jeans Unless Tony Stark Is Ripping Them Off Him law.It will be beautiful.Just like Steve’s butt, come to think of it.Tony stretches, yawning. “I think it brings out the sassiness in you,” he says honestly, slapping Steve’s ass on his way to the kitchen. “We can be sassy together.”Steve grins, reaches out one finely muscled arm and hooking a finger through Tony’s belt loops. Suddenly Tony finds himself with a face full of Captain America’s baby pink t-shirt. “Hey,” he protests, his voice muffled by the material, “I do not appreciate this, okay. I am not your whore to be swirled around like we’re on some dance show where we would dance the tango by night and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
remember back when I wrote normal fics
yeah me neither
Fluff
Humour
Tony is Stiles' godfather
Clint and Stiles are evil masterminds
alternative universe

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

