Work Text:
"Okay, Buck. Okay. Uh. Thanks for telling me."He stands up, backs away. Knowing it’s rude. Knowing – because god knows he does the same thing – that Bucky’s going to freak out, going to take his silence in the worst possible way.But Steve can’t.Changed his. Mind. It makes a blank space in Steve’s head. He needs a minute. Just a minute to think. He just needs to take a second, to figure out what that even means.He shuts his bedroom door with deliberate gentleness and sits on the floor, within arm’s reach to hold back any intrusion.Not that Bucky will try to break in.‘Don’t be stupid,’ he tells himself. Bucky wouldn’t.But. ‘Changed my mind about touching.’It’s. What is that? What does it mean? And why can’t a guy have a little warning?Steve knows he ought to be prepared for regular shocks after all this time. It’s not like they’re a rare occurrence, since he woke up in the future. Since he came out of the Vita-Ray tube. Since that moment of perfect stillness in the middle of the road in DC, Bucky’s face. Alive. And everything after it. One long succession of shocks and miracles.Which one is this? Steve needs a second. Just to figure that out. And for his hands to stop shaking.Changed his mind. About what part?The dubious benefit of a near-eidetic memory is that Steve can recall with perfect agony every word from Bucky’s mouth the day he fell apart right after they moved into the tower – even the ones Steve’s convinced Bucky didn’t know he said aloud. Those two voices speaking in succession: the flat, emotionless tone that he’s come to know as Bucky’s freak-out voice; and the other one – panicked, higher pitched, and so much like Bucky’s childhood voice that it had physically hurt to hear it – spilling out the worst parts, the details, the fear, all the while begging ‘don’t tell Steve, keep it hidden, it’ll only hurt him.’In the middle of all of that, still – to protect. The very thing that pulled Bucky out of all that horror in the first place and made this person, sitting upstairs in their apartment, wanting … something.He’s clearly Bucky, despite his insistence that everyone but Steve call him Barnes, despite the blanking out and the mystifying three-part personality and all the baking. The spooky affection for knives. Maybe not the Bucky from the history books, with a girl (he’d tell you to say women, Steve) on each arm, pulling Steve out of fights in every alley in Brooklyn.More like the Bucky who worried each time Steve got a bad cold, who worked every day after school since he was 8 to help his family through the lean times. Who screamed ‘not without you’ across a wall of fire. Steve would infinitely rather do without the charm if he gets to keep the loyalty, the care. Even the mile-wide protective streak.Steve doesn’t think of himself as brave. Bravery never comes into it: you do what needs to be done and put a raw steak on your face or rebuild a bridge later. You take the hits and move forward and hope you don’t fuck things up.Bucky is brave. More than Steve ever knew, staying on after Azzano despite his terror and his body going haywire.Despite (come on, Steve, admit it) his own getting so caught up in everything – new body, new purpose, Peggy – that he never even noticed. Just assumed that Bucky would be there just like always, to clean up the mess.And everything in the here and now. Bucky making a new self for himself. Making a place, without ever once failing to let Steve know that he comes first. He’s the priority.It’s too much, sometimes. This gift of. Steadfastness. Is that a word anyone even uses anymore? Half the time Steve has no idea how to try to live up to it. Jeez, especially while having to keep his distance. To be around, but not too close. It’s one of the things Steve beats himself up for on the regular, how hurt he still is, every time Buck’s shoulders stiffen, every time he pulls away from a hug.Is that what he means? By changing his mind.Steve wants to call Sam. But Sam will say the same thing he always does: “Man, what are you calling me for? The dude’s right there.”He needs to move. This is. It’s too much.He changes into running clothes, and he can hear the plates in Bucky’s arm shifting the minute he opens his bedroom door.‘This is your fault,’ he tells himself.Bucky’s probably sitting like a statue in his chair, but his arm going like that is never a good sign.Steve just needs another minute. Just a little bit. Then he’ll make it right.He promises to stay in the building. That much he can do. And he can stand in the elevator, pretending to be calm. He can climb up onto the treadmill as if it’s just a normal, everyday run.A slightly less dubious benefit of a near-eidetic memory is that he can remember every second of making time with Peggy – the small, warm space of her mouth, her breasts heavy in his hands. He had never dared to ask whether she’d also been a virgin before: certainly neither of them had any idea what they were doing. But they figured it out, in tents a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (past)
Steve Rogers/suffering

freeform: 
POV Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers has a think
let's forget AoU ever happened
My headcanon is a kinder universe than the MCU

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (past)
Steve Rogers/suffering

