Work Text:

Disclaimer
: I don't own either of these expect in the capacity of having bought the books and the movies. I don't own the ideas behind the characters or the story arc. It would be worthless to sue me for it. I also don’t have money so it would be a waste of your time.

Enjoy :)
-Nananananananananananannana- "Good morning." The bell above the shop door rang breaking the silence as another customer entered. Most of the customers already in the shop paid no attention to the man in the black suit that entered. For many of them were in their own worlds trying to relax away from whatever was bugging them at the time. Others didn't care who came and went as long as their drinks remained filled and nothing distracted them. The few who looked up did so because they could feel the atmosphere in the shop change almost magically with the entrance of the customer."Morning.""The usual?" A smile spread across the shop owner's face because of the person who walked in."Of course.""You haven't been around in a while. I was starting to get worried not hearing from you. Is a text message every now and then so hard?" The person turned away to make the usual order for the customer."I told you it would take me a while, anything with these types of people usually do, and I thought your phone was destroyed.""I got a new one a month ago. Didn't you get the message? How was California? Stark cause too much trouble?" A cringe was hidden from the customer when the phone was brought up."You must have gotten it when mine was destroyed then. I just got back from New Mexico actually.""What happened to California?" Surprised the shop owner turned around, almost dropping the bag filled with the customer's breakfast."Someone else was assigned. New Mexico was more fun anyway.""Well either case, welcome back.""Mind making one for the boss?""I thought you didn't like to share me?" The owner teased."I think he'll need it just this once.""Are you trying to bribe him?" The owner winked across the counter."Anything that lets me stay here just a little longer.""I'd like that.""See you after work.""Bye Phil.""Bye, Harry." With a brief kiss over the counter Phil left the shop for work. The other usual shop customers smiled to see the proprietor in happy spirits again. Whenever Phil leaves town Harry always seemed to slowly lose his air of happiness until Phil returned. Others just turned away not caring; after all they were all there to escape the reality and judgments forced on them by society for just a small bit of time.Harry and his shop were two of Phil Coulson's favorite things in the world, right up at the top next to his job and annoying various heroes, like Tony Stark. Phil was still a junior agent when Harry opened his shop just down the street from Phil's apartment, where he lived whenever he wasn't sent out to various places for work. From the first day Phil walked past the shop, paused, and decided to enter, he was addicted.'A Little Bit of Magic' was Phil's best kept secret from those he worked with. Not because he or Harry had anything to hide, when Phil first met Harry he had no idea that Harry was magical, but because Phil didn't want to put Harry in any more trouble than dating a SHIELD agent might already cause. It wasn't until during the second year of their relationship that he found out about Harry's past and magic by accident. Phil knew that if the others he worked with knew where he got his morning coffees, and sometimes the coffee he brought for the higher ups, 'A Little Bit of Magic' would be inundated with agents; and start to lose it's wonderful environment of peace and restfulness.Most SHIELD agents didn't know how to appreciate the peace and quiet brought on by a place like this. Not only that but the chances that SHIELD would find out about Harry's magic would rise, as well as possibly putting him in danger because of it. In fact, Phil first noticed Harry using magic two months after they started dating, while watching him make another customer's order. At the time Phil thought he had just seen a trick of the light brought on by lack of sleep from the mission the night before. The second time Phil encountered magic it was Harry casting a spell to save him from crashing on his shop's floor one night after a mission gone wrong. Harry used magic to catch Phil and heal him. He stayed with Phil all night and woke him when nightmares from the mission entered his sleep. ------------------------------------- A month after Harry opened his shop Phil, who had been there every morning and some evenings after work since the second day of it being open, finally asked Harry on a date. That was almost 6 years ago. Now whenever Phil was in town for any amount of time they met up and did everything normal working couples did; met up for dinner, stayed over at each other's place, watched movies, make out in the back of movie theatres, and even just leaning against each other as they read various books or articles. Harry, with h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Harry Potter

freeform: 
One Shot
Master of Death!Harry
Fluff
Coffee-Shop Owner!Harry

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Harry Potter

