Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first thing Tony thinks is that this is awesome. And okay, Clint's having a little transformed-right-out-of-my-pants Bruce issue going on, but still. "I've heard of you people," Tony tells him, grinning. It's not that he's not shocked, it's just that he's had a near death experience and also his brain catches up quickly.Also, he's kind of impressed, and it's not easy to impress Tony Stark. It's like a little circle of something. Amazingness, maybe. He feels a little giddy with it and that's helping a lot with the surprise. "Barton," he says, breathy with excitement, his eyes wide. He's probably coming off a little manic, "Barton, this could be amazing for science.""My science, I mean, specifically," he adds, when the tiger draws back, a hilarious little scoot that reminds Tony of armpit dogs, maybe. Like a small, threatened animal. Its ears go back. His ears. Clint's.So cool.And then Clint whirls and bounds away in a streak of orange and white and black, his tail flicking as the whole fucking half ton of him disappears over the pile of rubble that had been a rickety tower. Communications maybe. He and Barton had taken it out just before the robot-whatever-thing had appeared and re-done their job for them and then tried to kill them before Clint had literally bitten it's head off."Barton?" Tony yells, because he'd sort of half-expected Clint to appear Lion King-like on top of the rubble to pose dramatically and maybe be smug and show off a bit before fucking changing back so he could put his pants back on. It's what Tony would have done."Cap?" he says, after he's stood there for a long while with no sign of Clint re-appearing, "I think I lost Hawkeye.""What?" It's kind of a shriek. Steve sounds really alarmed."Oh. No. Not that way. He's. Um. I think he's run away."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
what amounts to slavery
h/c
Angst
I wrote this for the kinkmeme
Shapeshifting
Human Experimentation
maybe Clint/Tony
what amounts to human trafficking
Past Torture
Captivity
refferences to child abuse

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

