Work Text:
The emergency departments of hospitals are all alike. Some are small, just a couple of rooms, a bathroom, a harried nurse who greets the frequent fliers by name, and some are huge, with dozens of rooms and a team of people who don’t even know each other’s names, let alone the patients.This ED is on the larger end of medium. Not the size of the academic center where he did his residency, but not like the places out in the sticks where he did some of his rotations, either. The sinks are automatic, not foot-pedal or (God forbid) faucet, but the dividing curtains were clearly hung in the mid-90s and never updated, probably never washed, beige and a sort of sickly peach and lavender. He raps his knuckles on the door as he walks in.“Hello,” he says, brightly, in his best professional voice, already pulling back the curtain. There isn’t time to wait for the patient to compose themselves before barging in; there is never time. “I’m Dr. Rogers, and I’ll be seeing you today. What brings you in?”The man on the bed gives him a withering stare, then gestures wordlessly at his heavily scarred shoulder and the piecemeal arm attached to it, obviously half-graft and missing some muscle groups. The arm itself is an attention-grabber, but the skin is healed and the scars are old. His eyes zero in on the bandage—sloppy, probably Bill, damn him—taped loosely around the elbow, already starting to soak through.Steve whistles softly. “Okay,” he says, “let’s take a look.” He eases the bandage up. His hand cups the arm at the elbow, supporting it, and the scar tissue is cool and tight. “Looks like we’ve got a major laceration, went through into the pronator, we’ll need a couple layers of sutures but we should be able to get you out of here in no time.”“Good."“Marcy!” Steve calls out into the hall. “Suture kit?”Marcy’s voice arrives shortly before she does. “On it, boss.” She comes in wheeling the metal cart with the kit laid out—plus the irrigation supplies, bless her heart.“You’re a ray of sunshine in this world,” Steve says to her, and she laughs out loud.“Silver-tongued devil,” she drawls, and the patient makes a faint noise that might be a laugh. It’s hard to laugh with muscle showing red through the wound.“Can you irrigate while I get the note started?”“No problem.” She draws up a stool next to the bed and smiles at the patient, all courtesy and grace. “Before the doctor can start the stitches, we have to make sure the wound is as clean as possible. This may be uncomfortable, but please bear with me. We’re going to start with an injection to numb you up.” She draws it up from the little lidocaine bottle, flicks the syringe.As she presses the plunger home, gently working the tissue with her other hand to get the bolus to dissipate, the patient’s muscles tighten. “No problem,” the patient says, tonelessly.Steve’s logging in to the terminal, bringing up the patient’s record. “Okay, Mr. Barnes. Can you tell me about how you got that cut?”The patient twitches—Steve catches the movement out of the corner of his eye—and says, sounding reluctant, “Captain.”“I’m sorry, Captain.” He opens the window for Patient Details and corrects it. “It looks like we haven’t seen you in a while. We have you listed as on no medications. Did the medical assistant confirm that with you?” If Bill did anything on this record besides open it and enter vitals, it’s not showing. Blood pressure is 126/84, not bad for somebody in pain, and pulse is in the 80s. Temp rules out current infection.“No.”“Are you on any medications currently?”The patient definitely looks uncomfortable, despite the grim set of his face. Could just be Marcy, squeezing the saline bottle with ruthless efficiency, getting something—gravel? black and gritty—out of the potential space between skin and muscle. “Citalopram. Oxycodone.”“Okay, great. Do you know the doses on either of those?”“Citalopram is 20 milligrams a day. Oxy is 5 milligrams. As needed.”“And how often do you find that you need it?”“Sleep.”“Okay, so once a day?”“Yeah.”“Okay, thanks. Any allergies to medications?”“No.”“Now, can you tell me more about this cut?” Steve half-turns to make eye contact. These terminals are set up so you can almost, but not quite, face the patient while you’re working. Nobody who designed these systems has ever been involved in patient care, he’s pretty sure.The effort is wasted, anyway. The patient is twisted around to stare at Marcy, which has to be uncomfortable, since she’s got his arm at an unnatural angle to get the last of the debris washed out. The bright, hot light she’s pulled over to center over the laceration makes a spotlight for the wet mess. “How’s it looking, Marcy?” Steve asks.“Not too bad. Some debris, not much. Laceration is fully 10 centimeters. 10.2.”“Thanks. Captain Barnes?”The patient finally lifts his eyes to look at Steve.“Can you tell me how this happened?”The patient clearly doesn’t want to, but manages to say, with some effort, as Marcy gently lifts one side of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Implied pepperbroni
AU
Doctor AU
no not Dr. Who au
implied Clintasha
death of a non-character
Mention of Suicidal Ideation
Torture Mentions
upsettingly large white leather couches
past freebird
Modern AU
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Medical

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

