Chapter 1: A Night at the Club
    




Chapter Text
“Thor come with me.” Fandral begged his king. Odin had passed away just last year and Thor had ascended to the throne thereafter as the only heir.                “For me to attend would be tantamount to condoning such auctions. As King you know I cannot go.” Thor said. While slavery did not officially exist in Asgard it was common practice for poor desperate peasants to sell off their omega children for a high price to a concubine trader. As the rarest and most fertile of mates among the Aesir, any destitute family lucky enough to have one born into the family saw them as a means to lift them up out of poverty. Unfortunately for the children it often meant a lifetime of sexual slavery to a nobleman birthing babies as a show of status and wealth. Sure the nobles would often dress their concubines in the finest fabrics and jewels, but in the evenings the other side of things came out. The one where the nobles invited their friends to come to their homes and watch their omega perform all manner of sexually humiliating acts before an audience. Not all nobles did that. Some were even kind enough to let their omegas get a formal education, but most saw them as breeding vessels. It was only omegas born to the noble classes that were treated with the respect their title afforded them.                “Then don’t come dressed as the King. Wear a cowl and keep your head covered. We’ll sit in a corner of the hall and watch the stage. If none of the omegas are to your liking, you can always pay the matron for some alone time with one of the whores upstairs.”                “Fandral…” Thor protested.                “An omega would sate your carnal needs and ensure that the line of succession doesn’t hang on the shoulders of a single heir.”                “And what of my future wife? Whoever I marry will have to suffer a lifetime of jealousy towards a bed slave, and I would have heirs from two different mothers competing for the throne. My father never took on a concubine because he loved my mother and knew that such family divisions would lead to civil war. I cannot risk it.”                “Then don’t breed your omega, just fuck it. The healers have all kinds of potions to prevent pregnancy. Really Thor, you have no excuse. When the time comes you can give your omega its freedom and let it retire in a nice little cottage in a farming village somewhere.”                “I…I shouldn’t.”                “You’re lonely and you need company more congenial than mine. You have plenty of friends for fighting, sparring and drinking, but no one soft and affectionate to whom you can share your burdens. You need a wife, but until she shows up you need to get a bed mate. There is no rule that you have to keep them bound to you for the rest of their life.”                “Fandral, even I cannot control the heart of another. You know if an omega forms an emotional attachment to me the bond will be lifelong. Even if I free it from my service it would still have need of me. Separating it from me would be a terrible cruelty.”                “Better that than sucking 50 dicks a day like the beta and alpha whores do. Just don’t be too nice to it and you won’t have any problems. Come on Thor, come with me. I miss having you out in the pub with me. You haven’t had any fun since you’ve been crowned.”                “I…I’m…I’m out of excuses.” Thor said, making Fandral beam a shiny smile. “I’m going to regret this.”                Thor went to his chambers and donned a black cloak with a hood. He boarded a carriage with Fandral and headed off to Golden Elk Hall. The Golden Elk was a club of sorts for Asgard’s nobles. While Thor had no intention of showing his face to the crowd, he had no doubt the purveyors of the establishment would recognize their King. They would also notice his state of dress and keep their mouths shut.                Tonight was the omega auction, held only once a year. Some years there were as many as five omegas for sale, but last year there were only two. In fact, last year had been somewhat scandalous as one of the nobles, Lord Selvig had fallen on hard times due to his rampant gambling and bad investments. He’d put his own daughter up for auction and she’d been sold to Lord Northman, a weasel of a man. She’d fetched a fair price to be sure, but Lord Selvig doesn’t come to the Golden Elk anymore. How could he, when stories about her performances at his home were so colorful and popular?                Thor and Fandral took their seats at a table in the back, each ordering a mug of ale and a plate of meat before the show began. The matron always had the upstairs whores do an enticing dance to get the blood pumping before the main event. Women, mostly betas with a few alphas gyrated their hips suggestively as a drum beat behind them. Omegas were too valuable to be whored out in such a manner, and also considered too sacred to let their wombs go vacant of children merely
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Loki is not a Jotunn
Alpha/Omega
Questionable consent given Loki's status in this fic
Trickster Loki
Throne Sex
smut'
especially the last chapter
seriously
If you just want smut skip to chapter 19
BAMF Loki
Public Sex
Dungeons
Elves
Political Marriage

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

