Work Text:
The building was old, really fucking old – old like most places in Brooklyn weren’t any more. Most of the buildings in the area had been re-built, or completely overhauled so that they looked the same outside but inside they were sleek, modern attempts at retaining old period features. Not Bucky’s building.Of course, that was Bucky’s fault.There were half finished renovations in the main hall. A hole put there by a sledgehammer, some drop cloths, and a couple of tins of paint. One wall had a ladder leaning against it; dust a couple of inches thick and a spider had made a nice little home between the metal legs. They’d sold the old place after the last of the rent controlled biddies died, the ones who never bothered Bucky, and the ones Bucky never bothered. A few of them remembered him, the strapping young lad who worked all the days god gave him to provide for his maw and four sisters after his dead-beat, good-for-nuthin’, drunken brawler of a father skipped out on them. They remembered him more clearly because they’d found his body on the stairwell. He’d fallen, they cops had said, fallen an broken his neck. Tragic, a young guy like him – hardly even 20, waitin’ to be shipped out. The army lost a good lad. His funeral was cheap, an his paw wasn’t there to lower him into the dirt, his sisters had a black eye each and his maw had held herself funny.Three days later, his father (who’d shown up the night poor Bucky Barnes took his ‘accidental’ tumble down the stairs after a rollicking argument that the whole building heard) was found at the bottom of the same stairs. The police said the same. Drunk, they added, could smell it on his breath. The look of sheer terror on his face was just rigor. It happened, they told the worried residents.People were different back then though – some were fresh off the boat, some had parents who remembered old stories. Superstitious. Hit your wife, smack your kids… might take a trip down the stairs. The Barnes Boy was lingering around, keeping his eyes on you.They remembered, so when the stairs would creak and the sound of an old argument would linger in between the cracks of the walls, they just got on with it. The last to die was Hellen Patterson. She’d lived in the brownstone her whole life, never left even when she married, didn’t leave when her kids wanted to move to a nicer part of Brooklyn, refused to leave when her grandkids wanted to ship her off to a home down south, where it was warm even in the winter and she’d be around people her own age. Hellen Patterson who kissed Bucky Barnes when she was 15 and wanted to marry him when she was 17 and sometimes swore that she saw him standing in his moss green uniform, watching over her as she got older, and frailer.When she died, alone and forgotten, the sound of a young girl laughing to the beat of a big band drifted through the building. “I knew you were a flirt,” a breathless giggle might have been heard.“I knew you wasn’t.” A stronger voice might have blown through the old place. But no one heard anything, and a week later, when her body had been found, the building was bought by a fat man in suit.He sold it three days later, with a sheen of sweat on his forehead, to a smaller man with a grin like a shark, for much less that it was worth.The thin man sold it 6 weeks later, to a man who wore a very expensive suit and cufflinks.And then he sold it not an hour later, swearing in fluent Italian and crossing himself repeatedly as he fell down the stairs.The new owner, who showed up once and put a hole in the wall before Bucky threw him against the other, left his stuff and never returned.
 It was the wheezing Bucky heard, before the key even turned in the door. A death rattle, the used to call it, when he was younger. You heard a guy breathing like that and you knew to keep away. The key turned easy, because Bucky could do things. The windows weren’t smashed and the locks didn’t scream when he pushed them open.The door opened to a guy, who looked both too young and too old for his body. Small, underfed – scrawny and pale and looking like maybe he was looking for a place to sit down and die, but at the same time his eyes were bright blue and shining and his hands were steady and large. Bucky hadn’t ever seen a man he’d call beautiful. Sure, he’d seen pretty boys, and he’d seen handsome guys, but this guy was beautiful. Too masculine to be pretty and too finely built to be classicly handsome. It made him feel… unsettled… as he watched.“This is the coolest thing I’ve ever seen.” Someone was saying behind him, as he stepped through into Bucky’s building. The other guy was tall, muscular and dark. He looked darker, Bucky thought, because the first man was so pale he was almost translucent. “When Riley died he left me a record collection that was half mine and a mortgage I couldn’t afford.” He carried on, as the paler man just looked around. “No old dead uncle who met me once left me a fucking building.”“And a cat.” The pale
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Sam Wilson / Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Ghosts
Temporary Character Death
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Sam Wilson / Natasha Romanov

