Work Text:
It all starts innocently enough. Well, as innocent as you can get when you’re Tony Stark and you’ve got a lap full of squirming Captain America riding you like—okay, scratch that, it doesn’t start innocently at all.  The point is it starts. Steve is sitting there, rolling his hips, fast bringing Tony just to the edge and then slowing down. He continues like that: fast then slow then fast again to the point where Tony is beyond frustrated. Steve does that sometimes because he’s an ass and he thinks because he has super soldier DNA he’s entitled to tease Tony mercilessly but there are laws against that. Tony’s pretty sure the Geneva Convention would consider this torture.  He’s about to point this out when out of the blue Steve says, “Has anyone ever called you daddy? Because that’s—isn’t that something?”  “Huh?”  Tony shivers involuntarily. Tony makes it his business to be tuned in to the many quirks of Steve Rogers and this is new. This is very fucking new.“Sorry.” Steve shakes his head. “I don’t know why I said that now I—”“No, no. Say it again. Cause I mean, if that’s what you need. If you need to call me—”“Daddy?” “Yeah. I can be daddy if you want because—I mean, Jesus, Steve.”  Steve likes that answer. He doesn’t seem able to slow his pace and he bites his lip a little and hums. “Mm, okay daddy. I’ll be so—so good.” His voice is hollow and soft and it can’t be the first time he’s played with the idea. Something short-circuits in Tony’s brain. He grips Steve’s ass and squeezes it firmly. Steve’s got both hands on Tony's chest and he starts grinding at an impossible pace, moaning like a porn star and yeah, this man will be the death of him. Tony’s sure of it.  Five minutes later, they’re in a heap gasping and covered in sweat and come. Tony’s lost touch with his higher brain’s ability to reason. He’s never come that hard before and that’s saying a lot considering his history with sex.  Steve either passes out or falls asleep. Tony’s not sure which but he’s not worried. He couldn’t worry if he wanted to; he can’t even move.  :.Tony blinks his eyes open and it’s morning. He rolls over and sees Steve sprawled out on the complete opposite side of the bed, which is weird because they normally cuddle but okay, that’s fine. Tony can see his eyes are open from just his profile. “Morning,” he says. Steve starts to say something but it doesn’t come out so he clears his throat and tries again. “Morning, Tony.”“Want to shower first? Or after me? Or together? I know you’re all—” Tony licks his lips as last night floods his memory. “Dirty.”“Uh, yeah about that. Sorry.  I don’t know what happened last night. I—it was weird, right? I apologize, Tony. I didn’t mean any disrespect.” Steve had obviously been holding that in for a while.  At least that explains the distance between them. Tony scoots closer, wraps his arms around Steve’s waist from behind. Steve flinches into the touch.“Ah, you’re sorry? You missed the part where I came harder than I ever have in my life then. You must’ve blacked out by that point.” Steve doesn’t respond right away so Tony nibbles at his earlobe even though he knows Steve doesn’t like it. Steve swats at his face and Tony pulls back, grinning. “Please don't. That tickles,” Steve mutters but he settles into Tony’s embrace anyway. “And I didn’t black out. I fell asleep.”“Come on, let’s shower and get breakfast. You can be sorry later.”:.Steve’s apology is short lived because the next night it’s the same thing. Steve slides his fingers over the fabric of Tony’s sweatpants, rests his palm right against Tony’s dick and whispers, “Please get hard for me, daddy. I want you to put it inside me.” That sends shivers all up and down Tony’s spine and, really, Tony doesn’t have a choice but to follow those orders. Who could deny a request like that, especially when Steve is flushed and needy and chewing his bottom lip. The end result is the same as the previous night. Tony can’t breathe and Steve has collapsed in his arms fast asleep. Whatever this is, Tony can’t quantify it yet. He doesn’t know what to make of it. He just knows he’s getting incredible sex out of it and Steve is more confident in his ability to be a fucking tease. The next morning, Steve isn’t even sorry so Tony marks it as a win. :.It escalates even further one night when Tony is least expecting it.  They’re in Tony’s workshop and Steve accidentally drops and breaks something heavy and expensive. Immediately he’s stammering apologies, embarrassed and flustered. Tony shrugs and grabs the broom because there’s nothing in the lab Tony hasn’t broken at least once. “See, that’s the kind of thing I’d spank you for,” he teases when he’s finished sweeping the glass.  It’s not that Tony was expecting a laugh, though Steve’s polite enough that he would, but it’s suddenly too quiet in the room.  If Tony had blinked he might have missed it: the way Steve gets this heady, eager look in his eyes that he tries to hide. And, okay, there’s somet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Spanking
PWP
Steve may have issues
Tony benefits
what even is this

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

