Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark knew a lot of things-he was a genius after all-and he could reason out the rest."That's Tony Stark?" clarified Natasha, looking down at the genius, who had been transformed back into his three year old body.Tony blinked up at her, young face blank, silent. It wasn't as though he didn't want to talk, his mind was bubbling with various things to say, but he couldn't bring himself to say any of them because if he did, then he would hear how small and squeaky it was, and that would be worse than actually turning into his three year old body. Tony was used to being smaller than the rest of his teammates, he was used to being smaller than the majority of men, but what he had lacked in size he had made up in volume. With an even smaller body than usual and a matching voice, it would be more than he was ready to handle, so he kept his silence."Yes," said Fury, rubbing his face in exhaustion. "Turns out that spell had a bit more of a kick than we originally thought.""How long is it supposed to last?" asked Steve, shield thrown over his shoulder."It wasn't even supposed to happen, how am I supposed to know when it will wear off?" snapped Fury. "Look, just take the brat and get out of my sight. I have too much to deal with without adding a baby Stark to the list.""What are we supposed to do with him?" said Clint, eyeing Tony as if he would blow up or bite."Take him home, take care of him, I don't know, just go deal with him away from here," said Fury.Tony wanted to protest, to say he wasn't a brat, that he was right there, and to not talk about him as if he didn't understand, but he didn't. He just stood there."Tony," said Steve cautiously, crouching down to be eye level with the tot. "We're going home now, okay?"The urge to yell at Steve for talking down to him was intense, but he fought it down because, oddly enough, he liked the care that was infused with the voice, as if Steve were asking his permission to go instead of demanding or ordering like he normally did."How much does he know or remember?" asked Natasha."I'm assuming that since he isn't talking or protesting every other word we say, that he was reverted back to his old self entirely," said Clint with a smile. "A three year old Stark, help us all."Experimentally, Tony lifted his arms in the universal sign for up. Steve picked him up stiffly and Tony looked around with interest. The view from Steve's normal height was different. He could see the top of Natasha's hair and the way the lights bounced off of Fury's bald head. Tony wasted no time in squirming his way onto Steve's shoulders so he could see even more."So Baby Stark has just as little fear as regular Stark," laughed Clint. "This could be fun."As Steve began walking, Tony swayed at the sadden movement and gripped Steve's blonde hair in his pudgy hands, pulling slightly to keep steady. He found he liked being so tall and also not having to walk everywhere. The entire situation freaked him out, he was beginning to realize that he would have to depend on people for help in his current situation, but for the moment, he decided he was going to enjoy the ride. After all, it wasn't every day that he got to ride on Captain America's shoulders.At the Tower, Tony was set down and followed the others into the kitchen. There, he ran in to an obstacle. The chair towered over him because even at three, he had been insultingly small for his age. Still, never to be deterred, Tony began to crawl up the thing because he was going to sit in the chair.He was almost to the top when his foot slipped and he went toppling back to the ground, hitting it with a smack, the impact stinging his hands and arms. For a moment, there was silence in the kitchen, and then Tony felt the most embarrassing thing begin to happen. It was as if the full impact of the entire situation was hitting him for the first time. Everything compounded on each other until finally, he could no longer take it, the fall off of a simple chair acting as the straw that broke the camels back, and he began to cry.The tears were silent, sliding down his ruddy cheeks, because Tony had always been told that Stark men didn't cry and if he had to cry, it had better be silent. So Tony sat on the ground, pink lip out in an adorable pout, tiny tears slipping down his cheeks like the salty little traitors they were, betraying his emotions to his team mates who already knew he was human."Tony," said Clint softly, surprising the others by being the first to move to crouch by the fallen boy. "Hey buddy, you're okay."Clint reached out a hand to wipe one of the tears but Tony flinched; he couldn't help it, it had been years since he had cried and the last time it happened, Howard had hit him for it and told him to shut up. Being small and surrounded by those who could easily kill him, was almost worse."Easy there, little guy," said Clint, internally seething at the flinch because kids as a rule feared little and craved physical contact
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
Protective Clint
Protective Avengers
Attempted Kidnapping
Age Regression/De-Aging
Cuddling & Snuggling
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony

fandom: 
None
