Work Text:
“SPIDEY!” a delighted voice screeched.Peter groaned. “Deadpool.”“Aw, you don’t sound excited to see me.” The merc flapped down on the roof next to him. “And here I thought we were becoming such great friends!”He’d realized about a week ago that he was spending a disconcerting amount of time with Wade, and also that in his head he called the assassin by his first name. He had promptly decided to ignore that revelation and the implications, because he wasn’t sure if he wanted to be just friends with Wade Wilson. Turning to face the other man, Peter rolled his eyes behind his mask, desperately trying to keep from staring. “Why are you wearing bunny ears?”Wade smirked, putting a hand on one hip and thrusting his wings out a little bit. “Like ‘em?”Peter barely caught himself before he spit out a yes, and not about the ears. Wade Wilson’s wings were absolutely stunning. Sure, some days they were scarred up pretty bad, but the feathers practically glowed, and despite past damage, were clearly healthy. The backs of Wade’s wings were all varying shades of beautiful golden-brown except the flights, which were brilliantly white. Peter wasn’t sure how Wade kept them so clean; Gwen used to complain about hers all the time. The undersides of Wade’s wings were entirely white, but freckled with that same golden-brown. They stretched at least eighteen feet from tip to tip, probably more, and every feather lay in its place.Peter didn’t even want to think about the state of his own wings. He pretty much always kept them tucked tight against his spine, invisible to others’ eyes. He could feel out of place feathers prickling him, but last time he tried to spend time grooming them, he’d ripped out feathers. “Helllloooooo~ Earth to Spideeeeyyyy~”“Oh, sorry. Just thinking. What do you want, ‘pool?” Despite himself, Peter felt his wings relax just a titch. He wasn’t sure why, or when it had come about, but the mercenary felt… safe.“So, I was asking around, cuz I thought it might just be me - you know, the wing thing - but it’s like, no one knows what your wings look like! And I was curious. So I was coming to see if I could see your wings. Cuz I want to.”“NO!”Deadpool took a step back at the force of the reply and the general spidery-ness Peter was giving off. Peter’s wings regained their tension, tucked even closer and tighter to his body, and judging by Wade’s narrowed eyes, he’d noticed.Peter took a deep breath. “Sorry. Just. No. They’re not much to look at anyway.”“Neither is our face, but we showed you that!”“There’s nothing wrong with scars, W- Deadpool.”  “Well will you tell us what they look like?”Saved by the bell, Peter thought, his spidey-senses going off and sirens echoing in his ears. “Duty calls,” he said, and jumped off the building.Peter was six when he learned it would be best to keep his wings hidden away. There were laws by that time stopping persecution based on wing type, size, and color, but people always have their prejudices. There were plenty of good people in the world who wouldn’t judge Peter based on the color of his wings. He just didn’t meet any of them.Eight boys from his school had attacked him and tried to clip his flights. All eight ended up in the hospital, and though Peter hadn’t known it at the time, were sent to juvie for the attempt. Clipping a person’s wings was one of the worst crimes it was possible to commit. The experience had taught him to be cautious about revealing his wings; the rejection he faced over and over again had cemented his need to hide them. Peter had transferred schools and only flew when no one would recognize him. He kept his wings in working order, but rarely groomed them, as dwelling on the solid black feathers gave him anxiety attacks that occasionally ended only with fistfuls of loose black down floating around his room. The result of the plucking was even thicker, darker plumage.Peter hated it. He wished he had pretty gray patterns like his aunt, or pale silvery feathers like his uncle. He wished he had spots or speckles or even weird stripes. He wished he had wings that were anything, absolutely anything, other than solid, spotless, black.(At least it isn’t just us.) [Yeah, but] I know, I know, I wanna see ‘em too! Wade huffed at the boxes. (We could just pin him and pull them out, like with crazy people!)[Yeah, not like Spidey likes us anyway.]“Not doing it!” Wade complained. The woman at the circulation desk glared at him, and Wade sunk down behind his book. It must be written in another language or something.[It’s upside down, duh.](Reeealllly? Cool! Hey, can we read upside down? Can we? I bet that would impress him.)[I doubt it.]This is boring.(No kidding! Why are we even here?)Wade thought of his empty apartment and the voices shut up for just a second.[Not like we deserve any better anyway.](Hey, I wonder if tacos exist in Asgard?)What does that even have to do with anything. “Shut up,” Wade muttered, standing. He shook out his feathers lightly, dra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship

freeform: 
Wingfic
Fluffy
angsty
Discrimination
Ghosts
slightly less crazy Wade
not by much
Tacos
Prompt Fill
Spideypool - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship

