Work Text:
Darcy Lewis had always had a fascination with soulmarks and the effects that they had on their owners. A soulmark was the first words that a person’s soulmate would say to them and were located on bodies from birth. Sometimes they would give a glimpse into the first impression that their soulmate would have of them, or the situation that they would find their soulmate in.When Darcy was young one of her best friends had worn the color pink almost constantly because her soulmark said Pink really suits you. In high school, after having heard some combination of those words too many times to count, she decided to stop wearing pink at all so when she did finally meet her soulmate the comment would stand out.She’d also heard of those that did the opposite, of course. There were people who had soulmarks that said A gin and tonic, please. or A vanilla hazelnut latte, hold the whip. and applied for jobs as bartenders or baristas as soon as they legally could. That was far from uncommon. She’d also heard of soulmarks that said the unfortunate Hi. or Excuse me. or any other combination of boring phrases that could be heard every day. When she thought of that possibility Darcy was glad that her soulmark stuck out a little more. She was eager to meet her soulmate, of course. However, she wasn’t sure that she wanted to know what, exactly, causes the first thing her soulmate says to her to be You’ll be alright, I’m just going to put pressure on the wound.The effect it had on Darcy, however, was undeniable. Darcy was the only one in her seventh grade health class who took the CPR and First Aid section seriously. She passed the certifications with flying colors and kept reading more, studying health and human anatomy. Finding the knowledge empowering and wanting to know more, Darcy signed up to become a certified EMT. Working in the field for a few months, however, showed her that an EMT wasn’t the profession for her; although she felt confident in her knowledge and better for it, it wasn’t what she wanted to do full time. Political science, on the other hand…
--

Bucky Barnes grew up down the street from Steven Grant Rogers. The first time he met the smaller boy was when Bucky stepped in and saved him from a bully. Bucky knew that they would be together for life; although their soulmarks didn’t match, there was no way that someone this fundamentally good (and this good at finding trouble) couldn’t be in his life. At the time he helped little Stevie back to his home where his mother, Sarah Rogers, patched her son up. She had an exasperated air, as if it the occurrence had already happened many times. Given that they were both barely seven reinforced Bucky’s decision.

As the years passed and the two grew closer and closer, Bucky wondered if Steve would be the reason that he met his soulmate. His soulmark rested on his right bicep in a star pattern and was composed of large, swirling handwriting. It also implied that his soulmate would know who he was.

Bucky often caught himself wondering about how he would meet his soulmate. Maybe they’d heard about him saving Steve from a fight, or maybe they were a friend of someone he knew. He later wondered if one of the girls that he’d take dancing would be his soulmate, or maybe one of those girl’s friends. His soulmark also showed that he would probably be the one to start the conversation, as it showed that his soulmate knew they were fated. 

But still, Bucky Barnes wasn’t famous. He was just an ordinary man working the docks to support himself and to help his best friend when he got sick. He was an ordinary guy who had some luck with the dames, just looking for a good time until he found his soulmate. He was an ordinary guy.

The army, after all, didn’t care who you were when your name came up for the draft.

--

Laying on a metal experimentation table in a prison camp in Azzano, Bucky let his mind wander. He had been strapped to the table for hours, maybe days, shot full of who knows what. At the beginning they had asked some questions, but Bucky knew not to say anything. Instead, he kept repeating his full name and his service number. He still had his dog tags on, so he knew that all the information was right there in plain sight, but it seemed better to say something than nothing at all.

Bucky lost his concentration and saw the pug faced doctor come back in. He quickly shut his eyes and began repeating his service number again, hoping to drift off before the doctor did anything.

He wondered about his soulmate. For the first time in his life Bucky wondered if the tone behind his soulmark wasn’t as bubbly and nice as he had always assumed it would be. He hope that he wouldn’t meet them here, but he wasn’t sure how much more he could take.

--

Waking up later to Steve’s face was definitely a surprise. Noticing the body attached to the face was even more so.  Later, after they fought a crazy man that pulled off his skin to reveal a red skull, found the rest of the 107
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
brief mentions of when Bucky was captured
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

