Work Text:
Tony stepped into the surgery room, the doors of the decontamination chamber hissing shut behind him. “Sitrep.”The lead nurse looked up at him, not even surprised at his terminology. “Better, but not great.” Tired lines were set deep in her face, her voice only slightly muffled by the mask. “Blood pressure's low, but we've gotten two bags in him, third's still wide open.” She glanced back at the semi-lucid figure on the table. “The transport team stopped the bleeding in his leg, but CT shows a subdural hematoma.”Tony paused to let JARVIS translate all that for him, and shuddered.The decontamination chamber hissed again, and Thor stepped in, the hospital scrubs and face mask at home with the worry in his eyes. His gaze, so sombre and subdued, raked over the soldier's pale face, the labourous, shallowing breaths. “How is he?”“As well as can be expected.”Thor stared dubiously at the deformations under purpling skin, and did not look convinced.Tony clanked his way over to the table; Steve's eyes – pupils blown wide and uneven – tried to follow his movements, the hotrod-red sparking recognition beneath the haze. “Hey.” The gauntlets brushed the soldier's shoulder, gentleness belying strength. “You'll be okay.”Thor took up his position on Steve's other side, making sure to not trip over the IV stand. Large gloved hands laid on Steve's bicep, fingers wrapping around trembling muscle and pallid skin. Around them, the nurses fluttered about, applying Betadine, preparing warm blankets, checking the Foley. The gel grounding pad was draped on Steve's thigh, sterile drapes laid over the body. Someone was counting the instruments and needles, staccato murmurs in the background.The doors hissed open one final time, two men striding in. Dr. Summers took in the sight, narrowed his eyes at the nurses. “Get him on the ventilator.”“He's breathing fine,” Tony snapped, one gauntletted hand hovering protectively over Steve's face.The lead surgeon smiled humourlessly, just enough so his mask twisted. “For now. We're cutting a couple of holes in his chest and head, Stark – without anesthesia. You tell me he can breathe through that. C'mon,” that was to the nurses, “ventilator, chest tube, then we get started. Daylight's burning!”Tony swore softly. Steve made a noise of protest as a nurse pried his mouth open, and he swore again.“Steve?” He fervently loved that he'd painted the suit his version of 'discreet'. Recognition was distraction, and that was all Steve had right now. “Cap, look at me.” That blade-like...thing...with the light slid into Steve's mouth; Tony flinched hard beneath his faceplate, glad Steve couldn't see his panic. He had enough of his own.“Hold him steady, you two,” and he and Thor clamped down hard against Steve's struggles as the plastic tube slid between the vocal cords, cutting short another groan.“Bagged,” called a nurse; Summers listened briefly to the whoosh of air, and nodded his approval.“On the ventilator.”“Positioning seems okay. Where's that chest tube?!”“Right here, sir. Ready for placement.”“Pulse ox okay!”“How long will this take?” Tony asked desperately, his grip already slipping from Steve's sweat.“We haven't even started yet.” There was that humourless smile again in Summers' eyes. “Betwen the lap, flail chest, and hematoma? At least an hour or three. Aren't you glad you're not a super soldier, Stark?”Whatever response Tony could've had for that was cut off as the scalpel split skin and muscle; Steve thrashed under Tony and Thor's hands, and it was all Tony could do to keep his grip.Thor was praying to the Allfather. Tony was too. “He blacked out, sir.”“If we're lucky, it'll last two minutes.” Summers looked visibly strained. A patient like Captain America tested the best of men, and SHIELD's top surgeons were no exception. “Ribs eight through twelve have been reduced, but they need external fixation.”“Antibiotics are going, sir.” Someone affixed another bag of blood.“I thought Steven does not...require...medicine,” Thor ventured hesitantly. He visibly winced as Steve began stirring, panicked struggles against the hands of friends, frantic eyes rolling under lowered lids. “Nor are they...effective on him.”“Not usually.” Summers didn't even look up. “But when I cut a couple of holes in you, that's not 'usually'. And antibiotics do work. Recovery's miserable enough for Captain Rogers. Not risking infection on top of that.”Tony kept his gaze on Steve's face, because that was the only safe place to look – safer than Summers stapling Steve together, anyway. He memorized the cut of cheekbone, the dry, cracked lips, the ventilator tube silencing the screams. There were tears streaking down Steve's face, veins bulging in his neck. Steve jerked at every new staple; Tony's heartbeat counted each one.“We're ready for the burr, sir.” The nurse motioned Thor over, showed him how to hold Steve's head. The shaved patch of scalp glistened in the light, the antiseptic still drying. Another nurse discon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Medical Procedures
Medical Trauma
Unexpected disadvantages
Super Soldier Serum
Sort of hurt/comfort
Sort of whump
Team
Ensemble Cast
Job Hazards
Heroism is difficult
Community: avengerkink
Prompt Fic
Friendship
Male Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Surgery
Serious Injuries
Super metabolism has drawbacks
Courage

fandom: 
None
