Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The Jotun changeling was a mad, ranting thing at the end, all hunger and rage and desperation; a hopeless creature that cursed and wept and finally, despairing, fell.

Heimdall the Gatekeeper, the Guardian, had watched the false prince all its life. Saw it wrested from its mother and left to die on Jotunheim. Saw it beguile the eyes of a king who had needed no enticement to spare it, of a queen whose cool face concealed a heart too warm for her own protection, of a small prince too innocent to recognize the foe being nurtured at his side. Saw it left behind by the true prince, imagine itself overlooked and unwanted even by the king and queen who had saved it, fester in anger and jealousy. 

Heimdall recognized the threat, and Heimdall watched, and when the time came Heimdall played his part. The creature fell, disappeared into the void, under the uncomprehending eyes of its foster brother and the grieving gaze of the one it had called Father. 

That seemed the end, but the king hoped, and in his hope wove spells of protection, waiting as the stars moved around Asgard and Midgard for the creature to return. 

It reappeared on Midgard, a realm so far removed from the rest of the Nine that its ignorance had become nearly innocence. It was a realm on which one could begin again, unless bitterness and rage still clouded one's every thought. 

The creature had scarcely enough magic to break its own fall, hardly the strength to stand on its feet. It would have been easy prey for any foe, but abandoning it to enemies was not part of the king's plan, and so it fell into the hands of…

Not mortals. Not like the true prince. The creatures who found the changeling were not mortal, but they tried to live as mortals, and despite their powers-- and their awful potential for violence-- they tried to be harmless. Their dwelling was old and shabby-- even the Jotun should have been offended, to be expected to live in such a place after centuries in the palace at Asgard. Instead, the changeling seemed grateful, clung to one of the beings, the young female spirit, as if longing for any crumb of affection from her hand. 

On some parts of Midgard, there was a tradition of animals kept as companions, as "pets," solely out of affection and not for any useful reason. There was no such practice on Asgard. Perhaps that was why the creature had been unable to understand the Allfather's purpose in keeping it.

Now, it seemed to comprehend, seemed grateful, was willing to submit as the spirit tried with smiles and gentle words to tame it.

The Jotun was a creature of treachery and deceit, but it practiced no deceit on its new companions, nor did it betray them.  There came a time when the changeling and the spirit faced monsters of their own, trying to protect the beings who shared their home, and the mortal woman who had befriended the true prince during his own disgrace. 

The true prince had faced such a test, had passed it, and had been saved by the Allfather's enchantments. 

No such enchantments existed to protect the changeling-- perhaps the Allfather thought none were needed, or perhaps the king was still placating the monsters his son had attacked. But the Jotun faced his test as his brother had. At his side was the spirit, who alone of her companions could not be harmed by these monsters, and the look on her face was of agony.    

Heimdall opened the Bifrost.

Afterward, the prince did not seem to understand why Heimdall had acted, and Heimdall did not offer to explain. He was unsure, in fact, whether he had done what he did for the changeling at all. But he watched the boy cling to the new companions who had taken him in, who had helped him. He saw none of the old anger, and little trace of the hunger that for so long had seemed insatiable. 

After the prince and his friends had been returned to their dilapidated little home, Heimdall looked backwards. The Guardian saw all, though he paid little attention to that which did not affect the security of Asgard. But, if he chose, he could return his gaze to times past, to review that which had been seen but not specifically marked. 

He saw two young men encounter monsters, and rise up monsters themselves; saw them fight the violence in their nature and, eventually, succeed. He saw them arrive at the dilapidated little house, take up company with the spirit, watched the three beings begin to lean on each other, watched them give each other strength and friendship that, later, they also gave to the fallen prince. 

It was the spirit whose influence seemed strongest on the prince, and so Heimdall paid careful attention to her life and death. She was not remarkable, really, was only a mortal woman of no special talents. But she was trusting, was kind, was warmhearted-- was the last being in the Nine Realms who should have been put in the path of the treacherous changeling. And yet, he had not harmed her. He had allowed her to help him. It seemed largely b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annie/Loki
Annie/Owen (past)

freeform: 
Past Abuse
Past Abuse of Animals
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Character Interpretation
Brother Feels

fandom: 
Annie/Loki
Annie/Owen (past)

