Work Text:
Matt comes to, flat on his back, with Iron Man and Hawkeye hovering over him. “Oh fuck,” Stark says, less than comfortingly.Matt’s not sure what the problem is. He’s felt worse. When he does a self-catalogue, there’s maybe two broken ribs and a good sized hematoma on his head. And something is wrong with his eyes. Well, something is always wrong with his eyes, but there’s something extra wrong now.Barton puts a hand on Matt’s shoulder when he goes to sit up. “Stay down, Daredevil,” he says, a little too calm.As if Matt has ever listened to anyone who told him that. He levers himself up into a sitting position and raises a hand to his head. The bump isn’t all that bad. He feels a little dizzy and it’s messing with his radar perception but that’s not unexpected, it’ll pass. What’s worrying is the way half his mask has been blown away by the explosion. The back and most of the right side are stilling hanging on, but the left side has been ripped away almost entirely, like Matt is the Phantom of the Opera. When he puts his fingertips to what’s left of the eye holes, Matt hisses at the residual heat.“Bruce,” Stark says, through comms, “are you de-Hulked and decent yet? We need you over here.”Rogers gets there first. “What happened?” he asks. “Is everyone okay?”“I’m fine,” Matt insists.“Daredevil took that blast right in the face,” Barton says, ignoring him. “I saw from up on the roof. Couldn’t get down to street level fast enough.”Rogers crouches down in front of him. “Daredevil, can you tell me how many fingers I’m holding up?”Crap. Matt can’t. Usually he can figure it out if he concentrates but his head injury puts that right out. “Three,” he guesses, trying to sound confident. That’s usually what people choose unless they’re really angry and choose one.The awkward silence tells him that he guessed poorly. Maybe even that Cap had used two hands. Rogers never could be ordinary.Barton puts an arm behind Matt’s back and helps him stand, propped against his side. “Let’s get you back to the tower and we’ll patch you up and do some tests.”“All right,” Matt sighs.-Foggy hates Avenger’s Tower. I mean, it’s cool and all, but the only reason he ever has to come here is when Matt’s been beat up enough that the Avengers call him as the emergency contact.Natasha is always pretty tight-lipped from what Foggy knows of her but there was something in her closed tone that made Foggy offer the cabbie an extra fifty that he didn’t have to spare if he could get him to the tower in under ten minutes.Foggy lets the AI scan him in and then sprints for the med lab. Unfortunately, he already knows the way from previous times Matt has been laid out with stab wounds and head injuries that he insists are “minor” and yells at the Avengers for dragging Foggy in for. Foggy skids through the doorway, hoping it’s nothing worse than a broken bone or two. The first thing he notices is that Matt is wearing Captain America’s mask instead of his own. He’s sitting up under his own power. It’s the Avengers who look more like they’re trying to recover from something.“Foggy?” Matt says, reaching out an exploratory hand like the asshole hasn’t known exactly where Foggy was the second he walked into the building by the panicked pounding of his heartbeat. The Avengers look stricken.“You jerk,” Foggy sighs, but he still reaches back, lacing their fingers together, because it’s Matt. “Are you okay?” “I’m fine,” Matt says, despite the clear indications to the contrary that are his being practically handcuffed to a gurney in the med lab and surrounded by his dismayed teammates. “I got a bump on the head and a couple broken ribs. And,” his voice chokes with what Foggy recognizes as suppressed laughter but the Avengers probably think are tears, “some retinal damage.”Foggy does not laugh in front of the Avengers. That would be classless. But when he and Matt get home they are both going to laugh so hard. “Your eyes?” Foggy says, level voiced. “Let me see, buddy.”Foggy comes to the side of the gurney alongside the cabinets and the Avengers politely turn the other way as Matt lifts off the mask. Foggy takes his chin gently in one hand and tips Matt’s face up to look into his sightless brown eyes. “Well, from my perspective they’re still ridiculously attractive, babe,” Foggy says, pecking Matt on the lips in relief. Matt smiles. “Then they’re fine.”Stark groans. “Okay, you saps are adorable but this is an actual genuine problem. You’re blind. You get that, right?”“Yeah,” Matt says, putting the mask back on. “That might take a little getting used to. Maybe give me a few days to adjust and get back in fighting shape.”There’s a beat of awkward silence. “Everyone is looking at you like they want to hug you,” Foggy informs Matt pitilessly.Matt winces. “Please don’t. I’ll go home and rest-” Foggy snorts. “And rest,” Matt continues, as if he’s deaf as well as blind, “and we’ll see how things go.”Banner steps forward and hands Foggy a piece of paper with a name a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Humor
Blind Character
Matt Is Blinded...Again

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

