Chapter 1: Assignment
    




Chapter Text


White

Three white walls. One white door. All of them too close.
White.
One fluorescent light behind a sturdy metal cage. Too bright. Needlessly bright. It hurts his eyes, and makes the keening chattering in his head louder. The heat is unbearable.He's been in solitary confinement for 1512 day. In all- four years, one month, and twenty one days. He knows. He counted. 1512 days since he last stepped foot outside this tiny rectangle, since he's seen real light, or breathed unfiltered air. He wouldn't have known were it not for the scratches in the wall, the ones he scraped there with the rough tip of one metal finger. On line for every time his hypersensitive ears caught the guard yelling for lights out. Otherwise, he could have never told. The chattering in his head tried to trick him; tried to tell him the days had been hours, or the moments, decades. There were mistakes in his count because of the voices, and they only got clearer. With every sporadic flicker of the harsh, white light, the whispering got a little louder, a little closer to real speech. It whispered things in his head. And the light made it stronger.The light never turned off in his unforgiving, white prison.It was hell.If he had any means, he would have killed himself long ago. He’d given up after a year, but the desire persisted. He was stripped of autonomy and purpose. And after all, what use was a weapon locked away in a box?-.-.-.-.-.-
"He has to have a name, sir..."
Steve Rogers stared doubtfully down at the file in his hands. He was being reassigned to a deeper branch of the nation's highest security prison, to guard a prisoner that had only existed to him in rumor. The file told him his charge was an agent of Hydra, who had been captured by S.H.I.E.L.D and charged with a dozen or more political assassinations, and countless other civilian murders. The rumors that filtered through the prisoners and the guards told him that he was like a machine and that he killed unquestioningly; that he never left a target alive. It was said he tore a guard's throat out with his teeth, but Steve didn’t believe it, mostly because he hadn't seen the outside of his cell in over four years. 24 hours a day, year round. Never once stepping foot over the threshold of his confinement cell. But still, this man was violent. He was a ruthless, highly skilled killer with seemingly no emotional reaction at all to those whose lives he’d crushed out. Because of his history, and S.H.I.E.L.D's interest in him he was assigned a personal guard. Steve supposed that would be him now...His superior gave a low snort. "You see anything in that file about a name, officer?" He asked, as though pointing out something that should have been bleedingly obvious. "No one has ever heard this guy referenced as anything but 'The Winter Soldier.' During his trial, he gave no name, and no records could be found of him at all, so as far as we're concerned, he's either John Doe, or 088074. Are we clear?"Steve shifted restlessly in his seat. He didn't like it. Total institution was necessary to maintain a fragile balance in the prison system, but everyone deserves the dignity of a name. But his superior was technically correct. As far as anyone knew, he had no legal name, and the soldier- the prisoner, had refused to divulge it. But Steve could never call a human being by a string of numbers."Yes sir." Steve responded evenly. "We're clear."The top-brass officer nodded, leveling the stack of papers in his hands with two short thumps against the surface of the desk. "Good. If you have no further...reluctances about your task, then I suppose you should see to it." An order. Not the suggestion it was framed to be.This time, it was Steve who nodded, and straightened the file he'd been given as he stood the leave the room. "Yes sir. Right away." He was going to assume guard of inmate 088074. The Winter Soldier.-.-.-.-.-.-
New guard.
The Soldier knew. He could tell by the footsteps. The stride was short and quick, but it was too heavy a footfall to belong to a short strided man. It was uncertainty, not leg length, that caused the nuance. His new guard was tall, probably muscular, as there was no swaying trundle to suggest a heavier man. He had never been to the area closed off around the Soldier’s cell, by the slight scuff of frequent half-turns. The long, familiar, practiced stride of his former guard moved to the newcomer and the footfalls stopped, replaced by the muffled cadence of low voices. This had happened before. A change of guards. It seldom affected him.Mostly, his guards acted as if there was nothing behind the door, just an endless loop of food tray in one slot full, and out the same slot empty. Twice a day. No further interaction needed. A few had been more malicious, but he was closed up behind an impermeable door that protected him from them, as much as it protected them from him. A new guard meant nothing. Food tray in. Food tray out.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Prison
Canon Universe But Without Captain America
Prisoner Bucky
Inmate Bucky
Guard Steve
Guard Brutality
Brief References To Prison Rape
Solitary Confinement
Isolation
Hallucinations
Slow Burn
Falling In Love
hand holding
Panic Attacks
Hugs
Kissing
Forbidden Love
Unhealthily Developing Feelings
Power Imbalance
Past Torture
Torture
Memory Loss
Memory Alteration
One-Sided Relationship
Unrequited Love
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Pining
Neck Kissing
Touch-Starved
mild dub con
Non-Graphic Reference to Past Rape/Non-Con
Sexual Content
Obsessive Behavior
depressive tendencies
Overstimulation
Threat of Rape
Suicidal Thoughts
Trials
court of law
Reunions
Bathing
Cuddling & Snuggling
Love Confessions
Bittersweet Ending
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

