Work Text:
 
1.
"This," Johnny says, "is not how I normally get people into my bed."Spider-man looks up at him sourly. Well, Johnny assumes it's a sour expression. The mask hides a lot.It's kind of hilarious, despite the devastation and the fact that Johnny will need yet another new bed — Spider-man is splayed out on a heap of plaster and rubble among his bed's remains and his bedroom is covered in dust. Johnny looks up over his destroyed bed and through a hole that pierces through at least six floors of the Baxter Building. Reed waves sheepishly from his laboratory."Reed's stupid new pulse ray is stupid," Spider-man moans. "Remind me never to let him experiment rays on me again?""This really is not normally how I get moaning people into my bed," Johnny says.Spider-man throws a chunk of ceiling at Johnny and rubs at his butt as he climbs out of the ruined mess of Reed's latest volatile invention, limping in obvious pain."That often happens when people get out of my bed, though," Johnny says, pointing at the butt-rubbing and leering outrageously.Spider-man yelps and throws another piece of plaster at him.
  
2.
Reed is the one to find Spider-man hiding under Johnny's bed.Reed crosses his arms, resisting the urge to knot them several times. "Explain yourself," Reed commands, as Spider-man sheepishly crawls out from under Johnny's bed. Spider-man plucks a discarded sock from his shoulder and throws it behind him."You know how I kissed Sue and everything," Spider-man starts, and Reed shudders, because yes, that happened, and yes, the mental image of it is still burning his brain. Even if it had been necessary, nooooooo. Reed's brain is still screaming. "So I decided I needed to hide from Johnny.""And you thought hiding in his bedroom was a good idea?""It's the last place he'd ever look for me," Spider-man defends.It's actually pretty true. Reed narrows his eyes. "And you didn't think hiding from me too was a good idea?""Yeah," Spider-man says, scratching at his neck ruefully as he droops his head. "But I have no chance of avoiding you. I know you'll get your revenge and I can't dodge that. But Johnny — Johnny I have a chance of hiding from."Well, the logic is spot on. "You're absolutely right," Reed agrees. "And speaking of my revenge, I'm going to get it right now."Spider-man's head flings up. "What?""Johnny!" Reed yells. "He's in here!"Reed beams and steps to one side."Spider-man!" Johnny shrieks in the background. "You get your red and blue ass somewhere I can whup it!"Spider-man squeaks at an amusingly high pitch and flees for Johnny's bedroom window immediately.
  
3.
Reed's newest security system alerts Ben to the intruder. It's when he follows the tracking symbol to Johnny's bedroom that he finds out that the person came intruder window. Haha, Ben's a total comedian. It's a pity Spider-man's too asleep to appreciate his comedy.Which begs the question: why, exactly, is Spider-man asleep on Johnny's bed? Ben blinks, thinking it through. The two are friends, yes, but is this something friends do?"Hey," Ben says, because why ponder when you can ask? "Sleeping Beauty. Wake up.""Huh?" Spider-man says, and then comically flails in a way that makes Ben regret that his fingers are too stompy to use a StarkPhone — that moment would have been Starkchat gold. And wow, Tony Stark needs to stop putting his name on everything. "Oh. Oh. Hi."Spider-man sounds nervous, like he's suddenly expecting a clobbering. Ben clenches his hands into fists, because he likes to give people what they expect."This is pretty odd," Ben says, gesturing at Spider-man, still half curled up on Johnny's covers."Oh," Spider-man says again, his voice sounding thick as he sits up. "I, uh. Sometimes I come and talk to Johnny. When— When things get, y'know." He gestures at Ben. "Rough."Ben stares at Spider-man for a moment. The kid comes to Johnny Storm to talk through his woes? Is his hearing working correctly?"He's good at it," Spider-man says, obviously feeling he has to defend Johnny. "After my girlfriend died, I didn't think—" He shakes his head, looking away from Ben to finish, "I didn't think life was ever going to be in color again. Johnny— He's—""Sometimes he's just what ya need," Ben says. It's probably a toss-up to who looks more startled. Neither of them are particularly very facially expressive. Ben calls it a tie. He grimaces. Feelings are really more Sue's arena. "Yeah, I get it, I guess," he says, roughly, trying not to think about what Spider-man said, because a dead girlfriend is a hell of a burden on someone who isn't also balancing a superhero gig. "It's gotta be nice to have a fellow superhero who's the same age who gets it."Spider-man's face lurches back in his direction. "I'm sorry you don't have that," he says."I've got my family," Ben says, and Spider-man looks away again and his broad shoulders droop. Oh. Oh, something's happened with Spider-man's family. Ben's heart pangs. Johnny winds him up to the ends of the earth, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
5 Times
Marriage Proposal
Angst
back from the dead
Comedy
Family
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

