Chapter 1: We All Have to Start Somewhere, Don't We?
    




Chapter Text
(Y/n) Stark pushed aside the sliding glass door in your shower and wrapped a towel around yourself and exited the bathroom. You walked across the wooden floor to your bedroom and changed into pajama shorts and a tank top then went over to your living room and flicked on the tv to the news.You stood there for a moment watching the screen before going back to the bathroom and raising the volume from the bathroom sink then rested the remote on the shelf on the wall. You listened to the television as you picked up your hairbrush and ran it through your hair a few times, then put it in a (preferred hairstyle). You squeezed out the minty toothpaste onto your toothbrush and proceeded to brush your teeth absentmindedly and stared at your reflection in the mirror as the news broadcaster said something about a ‘surprise Aurora Borealis’ on the Canadian-American border and some strange markings had appeared.“What?” You choked on some toothpaste then spit it out in the sink and rinsed out your mouth, setting down your toothbrush and getting the remote and rushing to the living room. You sat down on your couch and watched the re-aired news report.“Yesterday?” You muttered to yourself, “Dammit, I should’ve been contacted—”you heard the window smash in your bedroom and you got to the ground as you heard the crunch of glass under shoes. You silently grabbed your Glock 19 that was strapped to the underside of your coffee table and flicked your wrist, blanketing the apartment in darkness immediately.You stood in the pitch black and your night vision instantly kicked in. You silently crept into the bedroom to see who had decided to break into your apartment on such a nice evening.It was a man, tall— about 6' 2"— wearing a loose fitting button down shirt and jeans, and handcuffs. He held out a hand and and a sudden green light burst over his open palm and you winced at the sudden brightness, drawing in a breath. Your eye’s re-adjusted as the light slowly went out.You watched him silently, holding your breath as you crept up behind him. The man chuckled slightly, “I know you’re there.” He had a British accent,“Come on out. I won’t h—” you grabbed the back of his neck with your left hand and swung around him, wrapping your legs around the mans’ middle and pinned him to the floor. You flicked her wrist and all the lights turned back on and stared at the intruder; he had short, curly blonde hair with a slight goatee, and a charming smile.The smile faded as you pointed the gun at his face and he held up his cuffed hands, “Woah, woah woah, hold on. I won’t hurt you.” He said, his voice was as smooth as silk.“Then why did you break into my apartment?!” You asked, pressing the gun under his chin. He looked familiar, but couldn’t remember why.“Look, there isn’t much time to explain, but whatever happens, whoever comes knocking, I’ve been here for at least an hour.”“No! Why should I trust you? You broke into my apartment!”The two of you heard a pair footsteps in the hallway heading to your apartment, then a knock on the door.“Get up.” You said through gritted teeth, then swiftly got off of him and pulled him up by his neck and shoved him to the living room and gestured for him to stand behind the door with her gun, then opened the door. “Yes?” You asked.A man and a woman fumbled as they took out FBI badges.The man spoke with a Scottish accent, “We’re, um, the FBI. I’m Leo Fitz and this is my partner, Jemma Simmons.” “You’re awfully young to be FBI.” You said, then held out her hand to see the badges,“O-of course.” Jemma stuttered, passing her badge to you the same time as Leo.You looked closely at the badges before handing them back.Leo Fitz and Jemma Simmons.Those names rung a bell in your head, but you shook it off then handed them back their badges,“What do you need, agents?”“We’re actually looking for someone. We saw him disappear into this building.” Leo said and Jemma nodded vigorously, she was obviously nervous.Leo pulled out a crumpled picture of a man— a picture of the man who had standing in her apartment right then and there.“Oh, yeah, I’ve seen him before.” You nodded, playing innocent. You put your gun in the back of your pants and reached behind the door and gripped the mans’ shoulder roughly.“As a matter of fact, he’s right here.” You pulled the blonde man out from behind the door and shoved him to the agents.“Here you go. He broke into my apartment using the fire escape.” You said as the man sheepishly smiled and shrugged, turning his palms upward.“If there’s anything else you need—”“No, no. That’s all, thank you.” Leo said, holding the man by his elbow and started walking down the hall. Jemma stood there for a moment and said, “You have served your country well.” Then saluted and followed Leo. You chuckled and closed the door, muttering, “What a night.”You walked back to your room and looked around then groaned, saying that you would clean up the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki x Reader
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/ past relationships
Mentions of Loki/Sigyn - Relationship
Tony Stark&Reader
natasha Romanoff&reader
Clint Barton&Reader
Bruce Banner&Reader
Pepper Potts&Reader
Nick Fury&Reader
The Avengers&Reader
Thor&reader
Steve Rogers&Reader
Bucky&reader

freeform: 
cursing
Blood
Violence
Reader Insert
reader is female
Reader is kickass
Reader also kicks ass
Loki and (y/n) sitting in a tree...
Slow Build
Romance
Fighting
Loki Needs a Hug
you're mean to Loki
you're Tony Stark's niece
Overprotective Tony Stark
Protective Loki
Protective Thor
Brainwashing
Chitauri - Freeform
Mentions of the Infinity Stones
(don't get me started on the Stones or the Infinity Gauntlet or THANOS)
I HAVE EMOTIONS AFTER SEEING THE AOU POST CREDITS SCENE
this is after The Avengers
but before Thor: The Dark World
tom hiddleston - Freeform
Mentions of Crimson Peak
Hardly any Crimson Peak spoilers
You Thor and Loki go see Crimson Peak
You Thor and Loki ride the subway
You the Avengers and Pepper and Loki go to a wedding
Clint sorta ships you and Loki
you have powers
You're an Avenger
You get to visit Asgard
but for not good reasons
things get pretty dark later on
Amnesia
Psychological Torture
Physical Torture
TONY STARK IS A DRAMA QUEEN
Fan theories
LOKI NEEDS A HUG LATER ON AGAIN
You'll also need a hug
Loki wants to 'go good'
It gets sad later on
References to other Marvel shows
Tony gave you a nickname
telepathic bonding
Telepathy
Bonding through telepathy
Previous wedding mentions
Fluff
You get Loki in deep trouble
but it was an accident
you honestly didn't know/remember
Odin has a plan
as per usual
And Loki is part of that plan
Percy Jackson References
Mentions of Percy Jackson characters
References to the Infinity Gauntlet
References to Thanos
other fandom references
Loki is kinda your guardian angel in a way
an Asguardian angel (hehehe)
Jane kinda doesn't like you
Flashbacks
tortured loki
You go meta
Meta
Breaking the Fourth Wall
Sorry about all the tags
Loki gave you a nickname too
Loki feels like Thor is always trying to one-up him
Kissing
Mentions of Suicide
NO ACTUAL RAPE IN THIS
some original characters - Freeform
OCs - Freeform
Original Characters - Freeform
Anton Yelchin - Freeform
You get to visit Asgard twice
Sigyn - Freeform
Loki ice skating
Ice skater Loki
Mentions of Rape
deaf!Clint
mentions of the winter soldier
Bucky! - Freeform
Bucky Barnes - Freeform
Mentions of Malekith
Daredevil - Freeform
Crying
Tears
Loki crying
Tony crying
Men Crying
Loki in chains
Loki in prison
The TARDIS - Freeform
doctor who - Freeform
Time Travel
crossovers
Multiple Crossovers
HELL YEAH CROSSOVERS
The Guardians of the Galaxy - Freeform
boom - Freeform
Alfheim
Queen Aelsa - Freeform
Lust
Seduction
Teasing
The Sorcerer Supreme
Doctor Stephen Strange - Freeform
True Love
Smut
Name Calling
Verbal Abuse
Loki is a dick
Loki is rude
Jealousy
BAMF Thor
BAMF Loki
BAMF Tony
Wanda vs Reader
You dont like Wanda
Civil War
Captain America Civil War - Freeform
thor ragnarok - Freeform
Pregnancy Scare
Marriage
proposal
Infinity War
Infinity War spoilers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Avengers: Endgame (Movie)

fandom: 
Loki x Reader
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/ past relationships
Mentions of Loki/Sigyn - Relationship
Tony Stark&Reader
natasha Romanoff&reader
Clint Barton&Reader
Bruce Banner&Reader
Pepper Potts&Reader
Nick Fury&Reader
The Avengers&Reader
Thor&reader
Steve Rogers&Reader
Bucky&reader

