Work Text:
Loki slides into the passenger seat with as much grace as he can muster coming from the rain and still shivering with cold. He is immediately enveloped in warmth, the car smelling of leather and mint. “Oh god, you're soaked,” Thor exclaims and just for a second, Loki thinks he's pissed about the upholstery that Loki has just gotten seriously wet. “Are you okay? I'm sorry I'm late-” “You're not,” Loki interrupts him, flicking down the sunshade and sliding open the small mirror placed there. He squints at himself critically and tries to push his hair into a reasonable shape. Then he slams it back up, turning to smile at Thor – who is still staring at him, looking perplexed. “I was early.” For a second, there is nothing but the hum of the car engine between them and then Thor's gaze falls down to Loki's lips. Excellent. 
 
After their first meeting, Loki decided that Thor was too good to be true. Rich, still considerably young, handsome, good-natured and well-mannered... the only reason he would want to get in touch with someone like Loki was that he had some nasty kinks and wanted to pay someone to indulge him.
 He was right, and he wasn't. By now, he is reasonably sure that Thor won't want anything extreme. It's more like he has some fine-tuned, specific tastes that he would like to enjoy without the baggage of a relationship and explaining them to a partner. Which is why Loki finds himself (with several thousands already transferred to his account) sitting completely naked on the countertop of Thor's kitchen, sipping a glass of expensive wine, as Thor chops chicken and vegetables for their dinner while chatting about his day. What Loki understands: the need to bring the concept of eye-candy to yet another level by having him naked. The feeling of power over someone by ordering them to strip and perform normal tasks completely without clothes. What Loki really doesn't get: the way Thor kissed him lightly when they entered the house and gently helped him pull his clothes off before sending him to take a hot shower. When Loki came back to the kitchen, he discovered the heater blasting, which surely had to make Thor, who was wearing black jeans and a simple white t-shirt pretty uncomfortable. Thor speaks in a pleasant, lively manner, recounting some absurd situation at the office that day, and when Loki laughs at the end of it, his tongue dry from the wine, he finds himself genuinely amused. 
 Later, in bed, Thor hands him a small – or average maybe, to an inexperienced person – dildo and has Loki on his back, fucking himself with it as Thor kneels between his spread legs and mouths kisses on the undersides of Loki's knees and his inner thighs. Before he lets himself get lost in the way the dildo vibrates just right inside of him, he wonders if Thor just can't get it up, but sees the very obvious and very prominent bulge in his dark red underwear. Thor pulls the dildo from his hand, slipping it out of his hole gently and tossing it away. Then he is on his belly between Loki's thighs, nuzzling his sack briefly and then diving between his cheeks, slipping his tongue around his loosened opening. Loki hides a chuckle behind his moan as Thor presses his face forward with clear hunger. Was that the reason why he wanted Loki to use the toy? To get him all sloppy and open for his tongue? Blood rushes to Loki's cock as he ponders this and he hitches one of his legs higher to allow Thor easier access and reaches down to slip his fingers into Thor's hair, tugging gently to encourage him. Oh boy and does that work; the moan that Thor lets out vibrates through Loki's core and he shivers. He shouldn't be enjoying this as much as he is. The wet heat of Thor tonguing him insistently seems to take over his brain, jostled only by the scratch of Thor's beard around his crack, but even that isn't enough to deter Loki – quite the contrary. He pants, his hands now firmly clutching Thor's hair and yanking when he feels like Thor's tongue isn't going in deep enough or licking with enough fervour. Then Thor is kneeling over him, finally yanking his boxers down and baring himself to Loki completely, and oh... He is huge, ridiculously so, and suddenly Loki is grateful for the dildo and the rimming to get him prepped. Thor reaches for the lube and pours a ton on himself, stroking it all over. Through the haze of his own arousal, Loki's observation skill kicks in and he realizes that Thor is slowing down when he really should be growing more excited; another piece of the puzzle falls into place. Well. It's Loki's role now to show Thor that his cock is welcome no matter what. Any feelings of trepidation (which there aren't that many to begin with... he's simply curious and more than a little excited) are wiped away by the prospect of setting up some sort of a cosy arrangement with Thor. Then he could finally- No time for that now. He rises on his elbows and then reaches out to drag Thor closer with one hand. “Please,” he whispers.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Prostitution
Sugar Daddy
Voyeurism
Size Kink
Size Difference
Large Cock
Rimming
Sex Toys
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

