Work Text:
Tony is walking down a corridor. * In the official records, the first thing Steve Rogers ever says to Tony Stark is, “Why didn’t you warn me?”Tony lifts up his faceplate and says, “Have we met?” It’s a matter of perspective. * On a hard drive in a safe in a bunker, there is a video that only three living people have seen.There are men with guns. There is another man kneeling at their feet.“You did not tell us the great Tony Stark was a witch!” the man in charge exclaims, and when he snaps his fingers, two of his companions thrust the kneeling man’s head under the water.He thrashes, and thrashes, and then he is gone. * “Listen to me,” Tony hisses, grabbing Steve by the elbow and tugging him – Steve jerks his arm out of Tony’s hold, but follows him anyway – deeper into the recesses of the jet. Tony looks around at Loki, who is watching them intently, and at Black Widow, who turns her head away. He grabs Steve’s arm again.“You listen up,” he says, voice low and quick. “Whatever the hell I apparently said or didn’t say in your past, it’s still my future and I don’t wanna know. And if you think that’s confusing, try living it.”“I’ve got some idea how confusing time travel is,” Steve snaps. “No thanks to you.”“Don’t wanna hear it. And that?” he adds, jabbing a finger at the star in the centre of Steve’s chest. “That wasn’t time travel, pal, that was a guy taking a really long nap.”Steve clenches his fists and draws in a breath, but whatever he’s going to say is drowned out by that first great roll of thunder, that incoming storm. * When Tony is four years old, Howard Stark looks dead into the centre of a camera lens and he says, “Tony.” * When Steve is six years old, and in bed with the flu, he dreams a man in a funny-looking suit appears in the middle of his bedroom.“You aren’t meant to be here,” Steve dreams he says.The man straightens his shirt cuffs. The whole suit looks wrong, like no clothes Steve has ever seen before, but the cufflinks are the strangest part; they’re faintly glowing.“Well, would you look at that?” the dream man says, and then he looks down at Steve and begins to laugh, until Steve, feverish and offended, begins to cry.“Oh, hell,” the man says. “No, stop, I’m sorry. I’m not – I’m laughing with you, not at you, okay? This is the smallest I’ve ever seen you. We’ll laugh about this in the, uh - in the future.”“Go away,” Steve shouts through his tears. “I’ve got the flu.”“Ninety years from now, you’ll laugh too, I promise.” The man sucks in a breath and looks at his watch and says, “I’ll make it up to you in, uh, ten months, I think. And five seconds. And ninety years, wow, this never gets less confu-” * When Maria is eight months pregnant and Howard is smoking an after dinner cigar, a man crashes through their dinner table, naked and wet and shivering. Maria shrieks and knocks her chair over, and a maid comes running and begins to scream too, but Howard—The man is choking, coughing out water and clawing at the strange glowing thing in his chest, but as he coughs he rolls over in the wreckage and looks Howard straight in the eye and he croaks, “Dad?”The man’s eyes are dark and frightened. With one hand reaching out towards them, he disappears again.Howard remains frozen, remains absolutely frozen with his cigar still burning down to his fingers, until Maria grabs hold of his elbow and begins to cry.“The baby,” she sobs. “Howard, I think the baby’s coming.”For a while, the baby, the hospital and Maria’s sickness consume everything, but when Howard comes back to himself, he’s holding his son in his arms. His greatest creation. Howard looks down into Anthony Edward’s eyes and knows with absolute certainty that he has seen these eyes before. * Tony remembers vaguely, over the incredible pain and half-consciousness, a familiar voice. The most familiar voice.“There’s no time to explain, Yinsen, just trust me. I’m a trustworthy guy, this is my trustworthy face, I’ll – he’ll explain it all to you later. Just put this in now, before I...”There is something cold inside the heat inside his chest. There is the most familiar hand on his shoulder.“It’s okay. Dad solved - We solved it. It stays with us whenever we go. We’re a genius. See you in a few weeks, Ton-”Tony goes home. A few seconds later, Tony goes as well. * The first thing Steve Rogers ever says to Howard Stark, his voice shaking with uncertainty and pent-up emotion, is “Tony?”The lab is loud and busy, and in ten minutes a spy starts shooting and a simple case of mistaken identity leaves everyone’s minds. Howard thinks nothing of it.Thirty years later, Howard thinks of it. * Tony is four and he can’t sleep, although it’s long past his bedtime.Tony is four and tip-toeing, in his matching bathrobe and slippers, past the door of his father’s study, when a ghost appears at the end of the corridor – a boy who looks a lot like Tony, except he’s pale and naked and covering his mouth with his hands like Tony does when he’s trying not to cry.They
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Time Travel
Non-Linear Narrative
The Time Traveler's Wife - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

