Chapter 1: 01-15
    




Chapter Text

01. Frighten

Natasha Romanoff did not frighten easily.  She was a product of the Red Room, one of the most deadly assassins in the entire world.  She had faced down every person sent to kill her and came out on top.
But Clint Barton’s wife was the most terrifying person Natasha had ever met, including the Winter Soldier who had shown up one time and killed her charge by shooting through her.
Natasha wasn’t sure why, but she was absolutely sure that the 5 foot 3 inch woman with bright green eyes was the most dangerous person on the planet.  Harri Barton smiled at her, and didn’t dissuade her of the notion.


02. Cactus

Phil Coulson was the one who brought him into S.H.I.E.L.D.  Phil Coulson was not, however, his first handler.  Clint, years later, couldn’t even remember the name of the agent, or the mission itself.  What he did remember was Harri’s reaction when he had come home, half-dead, from his first mission with the man.
“And you know what, you can go find yourself a cactus, and shove it up your ass so far you choke on it, asshole!”  Harri slammed the phone back down on the receiver, ending the call.
“I love you,” Clint said, hopped up on a mix of pain meds and potions, which probably explained the fact he didn’t have much memory of the time.
“I love you too dear, but I think I’m going to kill your handler.”
“My wife’s a badass!”
“Yes, dear, I know.  Now go to sleep.”
“Mmkay.”
The last thing he heard before drifting off was Harri grumbling about contacting Maria Hill to insure the agent in question got a cactus delivered to him.

 03. Alleged
Most of his first jobs as a mercenary were from bounty posters, so Clint collected them whenever he could.  He was surprised to find one of those posters showed the girl he had met the day his brother disappeared.

Undesirable No. 1
 


Laura Harriet “Harri” Potter

The list of crimes underneath her picture made Clint shiver.  The girl couldn’t possible have done all of them – she was two years younger than he was – she hadn’t had the time to do all of those crimes.
He’d track her down, but he wouldn’t kill her.  He’d confront her about the bounty poster and the list of alleged crimes instead. 


04. Scandalous

Petunia Dursley did not like her niece.  What she did like was her reputation.  And regardless of the lies she had spread about her sister, her niece reflected on her own reputation since she was the one who raised her.
Which was probably why Harri started drinking at bars as soon as she was old enough, even though she rarely drank alcohol while she was there.
And why she decided to sleep with the first guy who came to talk with her at the bar, which could have also been because he was hot as hell.
Harri didn’t mention the incident, or the note that the guy left behind.  But Petunia Dursley knew, and she was extremely unhappy about it, which in turn made Harri extremely happy.
The ensuing rant about scandalous behavior was worth it.


05. Five

“Five?” Clint asked, staring at Harri in shock.
“Yes, five,” Harry said.  “At least two of each.”
“But five?  We’re going to have to get a bigger place.”
“Yeah, I was thinking maybe somewhere out in the country,” Harri said, giving him a coy smile, “but you know the best part of five children?”
“What?”
“Making them.”
Clint was late for work the next day, and carried bruises that several other S.H.I.E.L.D. agents made cat-calls about. 


06. Zealous

Bellatrix Lestrange was the most zealous Death Eater Harri and Hermione could name.  So Clint took it upon himself to take the woman out.  Harri and Hermione tried to talk him out of it, but he slipped away in the night while they were sleeping.
Harri knew when he succeeded because her scar felt like it was on fire.
Voldemort had found Bellatrix with an arrow in her heart, and he was not happy about it.  He took his anger out on the other Death Eaters, thinning his ranks even further.


07. Concern

Loki was just about to mock the concerned and terrified look on Thor’s face when a woman entered behind him.  Loki had never met this woman before, but he recognized her all the same.
The Master of Death had arrived.
And judging by the look on her face, she was extremely unhappy.  Just his luck that the cause of her unhappiness was him.
“Where.  Is.  My.  Husband,” she growled out at him.
Husband?  Oh, surely she didn’t mean the Hawk.  Then again, what was it the Hawk had said?  Ah yes – “My wife is the most terrifying woman on the planet.”  Loki couldn’t imagine someone being more terrifying than the Master of Death – not even Thanos himself.
Loki let out a terrified squeak and then told her everything he knew.


08. Impossible

“Impossible,” Wanda whispered, as she watched her brother sit up, gasping for air.
“No, not impossible,” the woman, the archer’s wife, told her, wiping the sweat from her brow.  “It just can’t be done unless under the right circumstances.”
“Which we had,” Clint said.
“He saved your life darling, so I saved his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
One-sided Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter - Relationship
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Always A Girl Harry Potter - Freeform
Harry Potter is Laura Barton
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Draco Malfoy is not treated well
Ron Weasley is Gullible as Hell

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
One-sided Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter - Relationship
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

