Work Text:
“Shall we race, brother?” Thor asked Loki as they came upon a large, open field. 	Loki hummed quietly, his gaze going to the trees in the distance. The sun shone bright and hot on this day, hardly a cloud in the sky. 	“If you wish,” Loki answered, a small smile in place. Thor knew that he was trying to conceal how confident he was in winning. “And what goes to the winner?” 	Loki never competed for its own sake; there needed to be some sort of stakes involved. He absentmindedly pet the coarse, black mane of his horse, contrasting prettily with his nimble fingers, always pale even in this season. 	“The winner may choose a prize upon his victory,” Thor said with a grin. 	“Oh, very good,” Loki said and looked at him, and from his expression Thor already knew he would lose. ***	Thor never minded losing to his brother, not really. He should have known that when it came to speed, Loki’s slender body would always give him the advantage. 	At the end of the field, just beyond the trees to which they had raced, there was a clear pond. They dismounted and let their horses roam freely to either drink or graze; they were obedient enough not to wander far from sight. 	Thor smiled and approached Loki, who had just taken off his riding boots and was dipping his toes into the water. 	“Might I inquire as to the victor’s reward?”	“You might, but the victor would have more time to think on it.” Loki paid him no heed as he watched the ripples of the water, and while Thor was generally not the most prolific opportunist, he crept behind his brother with mounting amusement. 	“Perhaps you’ve suffered too long in the heat,” Thor said and grabbed Loki’s hips, who realized what was happening too late to start struggling fully, “but I know just the remedy!”And, ignoring his warning cry of Thor! Don’t you dare!, he easily threw Loki’s wriggling body into the water. The splash that erupted was glorious. ***“You are insufferable,” Loki quipped at him, but there was no real bite to his words. “Am I?” Thor called. They had by now both stripped, their clothes drying on nearby rocks while they passed the time in the water. “Exceedingly.” Thor swam right up to his waiting brother, who regarded him evenly. Pulling him close, Thor laughed as Loki halfheartedly pushed at his shoulders. If Loki really wanted to get away, he would have simply done so. “Even now?” Thor asked and placed light kisses all over Loki’s face. “Especially so,” he said, though Thor knew not to believe a word of it, not when his kiss that fell on Loki’s lips was met with a telling willingness, and the hands that once feigned struggle cradled his head to keep him close. ***It was but a few weeks into summer, and even Thor found Asgard to be remarkably hot. Loki never seemed to tire of voicing his displeasure at the sun’s relentless heat, no matter where they were. Thor drew great amusement from it; he always teased Loki for his fair complexion and his tendency to wilt faster in heat than any flower Thor had ever seen. It was endearing above all else, and gave Thor a reason to dote on his brother when others were not looking. ***Walking down the dark corridor together, Thor kept glancing sideways at Loki as they spoke. He knew not what it was but there was something different in his aura, something pleasant. Almost like he was happier, though in that quiet way of his – the way that usually only Thor and their mother noticed. He was not prone to outbursts of emotion like Thor, but he could sense in Loki some underlying current below his composed demeanor. He dared not ask of it, for Loki would likely call him absurd (even if there was truth to what Thor thought). Thor would be told of any news when Loki chose to share it. In the meantime, if he was happy, Thor was happy. As they went, he found that he could no longer follow Loki’s words, his voice flowing smooth and melodious, as though from a siren. And like a doomed sailor, Thor was hopelessly enraptured. Loki oomfed in surprise when his back hit the wall, but he melted readily enough into Thor’s embrace. He closed his eyes, and when Thor did not kiss him immediately, he opened them again. Instead, Thor tipped his chin up – a somewhat humorous gesture, given how similar in height they were – and had his fill of his brother’s face. Loki returned his gaze, a small smile blooming on his delicate lips. He was beautiful; Thor had always thought so. A moon to his sun. There is something different about you, Thor wanted to say. “Do you mean to stare all day?” Loki asked him. A sudden urge to rub their noses together entered Thor’s mind, but he refrained, knowing Loki sometimes did not respond well to what he called childish forms of affection. No, rather than answer at all, Thor gripped his chin a little harder and then their lips were brushing lightly. His hand moved downward, slowly dragging until his fingers curled around Loki’s neck. Their lips moved with a lazy hunger, an unhurried interest. It pleased Thor when their 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg
Intersex Loki
Jötunn Loki
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

