Work Text:
*After the attack of the drones (that’s what Tony called it) at the Stark Expo, Iron Man held a press conference.  Reporters asked about the Expo, the drones, Vanko, Hammer, the Iron Man suit, the arc reactor technology, the future of Stark Industries, and its current CEO.  Pepper had given him notes addressing each of these points, including the last.“I have full confidence in Miss Potts’ ability to run Stark Industries,” Tony said, in response to the question from USA Today.  “In fact, she’s been running it for the last year and a half, or did you think I was doing it from my suit?”Then a guy from L.A. Times asked about integrating technology with Pharmcorp, and Tony frowned.  “Sorry, wait,” he said into the microphone.  “I thought we weren’t done with questions about Miss Potts.”“What does the board think of her position?” called out Parade, and, “Is it temporary?” MSNBC wanted to know.“I meant interesting questions about Miss Potts,” said Tony, “not stupid questions.”  He looked down at the press from his table on the dais.  “In answer to the incredibly pertinent question no one is intelligent enough to be asking, yes.  Virginia Potts is my girlfriend.  As of seventeen hours ago, we’re very happily dating.”The press went wild.Tony smiled.*The first man in Pepper’s life was Hank.He was a twenty-year-old high school drop-out who smoked a lot of pot.  Hank had thick chestnut hair and a large spider web tattoo on his shoulder.  He’d said it hurt like a bitch.Pepper was sixteen, a senior in high school (she’d started early, then skipped a grade), class president, Homecoming royalty (though not Queen), and a top member on the debate team.  She’d used a full two days of pay from working at the movie theater to afford her membership and registration to Future Business Leaders of America.She wore her hair as big as possible in those days, with short skirts over leggings and big shirts that went off the shoulders.  Everyone still said she was ‘such a nice girl’—a little coltish, maybe a little smart-mouthed—but still the sweetheart of her high school, where nine percent went to college.  The problem was that Pepper was bored out of her mind.Enter punk, sometimes thrash metal, her first taste of whiskey, her first cigarette, and Hank.  Hank’s dad had left his family when he was young and his mother was a drunk; Hank had three younger sisters and was kinder and gentler with them than nuns were to orphans, even though he pretty much treated everyone else like shit.Hank had big ideas and a small view of the world; he’d had a hard life and all Pepper wanted to do was take care of him.  No one understood him like she did; she was the one who read all of his lyrics (editing them as she went) and listened to all of his dreams.  He’d told her once he wanted to get under everyone’s skin—yeah, he wanted to piss them off, but he wanted to get under, all the way under, under the shells in which people hid and the walls which people built, into the place where things were real and could be beautiful again.  He just wanted a place where people were honest, he said, and people stopped caring about shit that didn’t matter.Pepper didn’t know where that place was and in retrospect, she wasn’t sure she actually cared.  She just liked that it was different than what other people were saying, that it felt more passionate and more bald.  She may or may not have been a fan of Catcher In the Rye.They had sex for the first time in the back of his pick-up truck, and she bled rather more than she had heard was normal.  She thought that Romeo and Juliet was juvenile and trite, but wanted to be doomed to love him forever anyway.  “You’re not going to fix him,” her best friend, Stacie, said.“You’re looking for trouble,” said her favorite teacher.“You’ll end up like me,” said her mother.  “Fat lot of good it’ll do you.”Eight months later it had become pretty clear that Hank was not actually looking for the place he always talked about; and that he was either going to live with his mother forever or become the sort of person who kept dead squirrels hanging outside his trailer.  It wasn’t why Pepper broke up with him.  She broke up with him because she was tired of listening to his thrash band play the same three chords; she was tired of him repeating the same conversation every time he smoked pot, and because she was tired of the fact that he never asked her about her opinions or her dreams.Hank hadn’t been a brilliant lyricist, but sometimes she still thought about a line from one of his better songs.  It went like this:
If you live for everything
You can never be the best
But I can’t die for nothing
So I’ll find one or two things
And say fuck you to the rest
*Ellie was touching up Pepper’s makeup in the green room when Tony entered, finished with the press conference.  “Thanks, Ellie,” Pepper said.  “I can do it from here.  You did a really nice job.”“Go get ‘em,” said Ellie.Tony turned and watched as Ellie left the room.  Under pres
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rimming
Anal Play
Snowballing
Felching
Enemas
Consent Play
Vibrator
Dirty Talk
Blow Jobs
Light Bondage
Verbal Humiliation
Spreadsheets
Kittens
Dubious Consent
Consent Issues

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

