Chapter 1





Chapter Text
10:59pmErik woke with a start, heart pounding, drenched in a cold sweat, not sure what had woken him in the dead of night. It didn’t feel like his usual nightmares, but he could be wrong.Suddenly there came a violent pounding on the door, he felt no metal on the person on the other side of the door, not even a phone. It was odd to say the least.The pounding came again this time accompanied by a posh voice begging for, “Help, please help us!” There was true fear in that masculine voice and Erik was on his feet and headed to the door before he registered that he was moving.Glancing out the peep hole he saw a handsome, clean shaven man with bright blue eyes holding a miniature version of himself in the form of a little boy still sleepily rubbing his eyes.Erik cracked the door open and glanced out, suddenly aware that he was only wearing black boxer briefs, “Can I help yo-"“I’m sorry about this my friend,” the other man replied pushing past Erik with an ease that astounded the metal bender. He realized that he had moved out of the way unconsciously- and apparently closed and locked the door.He switched the light on with his power and quirked an eyebrow at the smaller man huddled in his foyer still clutching the tiny boy who looked on the verge of falling asleep in spite of his father’s panic.“Telepath?” He asked, wiping a hand sleepily across his face, now that the panic had died down, exhaustion was creeping back in. “Yes,” came the sheepish reply, “I’m sorry to do that, but I only had a few moments until-" a door slammed open just down the hall, Erik was surprised by the force behind the push, it had loosened the hinges from the frame.He raised both eyebrows in surprise, adrenaline surging through him, causing him to wake up again, “Is that for you?”“Yes, if you could let us stay here for a while, just until she calms down?”Erik could feel metal-a necklace, moving the other way down the hall at an almost stalking pace.“She, your wife?” ““My girlfriend, Davey’s mother.”“I don’t mean to be a boss, but shouldn’t we call the police if she’s a danger to you?”“I would but, I don’t honestly know if they can handle her, she’s a mutant you see and very strong. It’s not usually a problem, but she’s… different when she drinks.”“Well, maybe she shouldn’t drink.” Erik sniped, bad memories flooding his mind from his own father’s addiction, the terror for himself and his mother, trying to protect her and his younger sister from his wrath. Some of what he was thinking must have filtered through to the other man because his face crumpled in sympathy, “Oh my friend, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to bring my trouble to your door.”Erik shook off his apology gruffly, “No way you could have known.” Then a thought crossed his mind, “You’re a telepath aren’t you? Why can’t you make her stop when she get like this?”“I do, I did, I put her to sleep and grabbed Davey, an aspect of her mutation is that telepathic influence wears off rather quickly.” The smaller man replied cagily looking around Erik’s sparsely furnished living room.Erik sighed and gestured to the sofa, “please have a seat, I’m Erik by the way.” “Pardon my manners I’m Charles, Charles Xavier,” he shuffled his son to one arm and extended his hand towards Erik. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Charles, and you Davey.” He shook their hands in turn, earning a two toothed grin from the boy and a sweet smile from his father.The Xavier’s sat on the sofa while Erik darted down the hall to his room to pull on sleep pants and a singlet. After a moment’s hesitation he grabbed a soft toy from one of the many unpacked boxes in the second bedroom and took it with him to rejoin his unexpected guests.Davey happily grabbed the proffered toy and stuffed its foot in his mouth with a squeal of delight. He seemed to be fully awake at this point, and Erik wondered if Charles had somehow been keeping him quiet in order to escape their home.“I was, yes.”Erik startled as Charles answered his unasked question, “Do you often read people’s minds without their permission?” he asked, more amused than offended.Charles blushed and absently ran his fingers through his son’s hair, “No, never actually, I don’t usually let myself get this tired or this stressed. When I get like this it’s harder to maintain my shields, even through the suppressants.”Erik frowned, “Suppressants?”“Well, yes, I’m a very powerful telepath, the most powerful on record if you can believe it, I take suppressants to make R-people feel more comfortable.”He had nearly said a name.“Humans?” Erik asked curious as to why such a powerful mutant would bend a knee to societal norms, Charles laughed at the question.“Oddly enough, no, I’ve had more issues with mutants concerned with my power- I have a theory that to baseline humans, all mutants are the same level of good/bad/scary but to mutants, once they meet someone more powerful than themselves they sort of panic.”An twinge of inkling flared in Erik’s mind, “So when
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Charles Xavier/Original Female Character
Azazel/Raven | Mystique (X-Men)

freeform: 
First Meetings
Domestic Violence
(Referenced) - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Modern: Still Have Powers
Kid Fic
Single Parents
Neighbors
Getting Together
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Charles Xavier/Original Female Character
Azazel/Raven | Mystique (X-Men)

