Work Text:
The first time he meets the majority of the Avengers, they're not looking for him but trying to find their 'missing' teammates Hawkeye and Thor. Considering Matt can hear the voice he recognises as Hawkeye's yelling at a man answering to Thor in a nearby bar, he's reluctantly amused as he slinks into the shadows to eavesdrop.'You're not worried, how are you not worried?' Tony Stark is saying, his light footsteps telling Matt he's not wearing the suit. But there's a hum of electricity that Matt can hear coming from the briefcase he's carrying so it's not far away. Matt grits his teeth at the thought of the damage that could cause in the still-fragile Hell's Kitchen.The only woman with the team - must be Romonov - shrugs. 'He usually turns up eventually.''Then why are we searching for him?' Stark whines.'Because it's been three days and we should know where our teammates are.' Matt tries not to wriggle in delight at the voice from his childhood. Captain America!There's a fourth person walking with them, as short as Stark but with a heartbeat like thunder. Matt's sure that this must be the Hulk. Which is pissing him off a bit because this is his city and he'd appreciate if they kept the dangerous people out. It's been hard enough cleaning up the place without more accidental damage.'Oh where the devil is he?' Stark snaps as they round the corner and Matt decides enough is enough. Time to get them the hell out of here- and hope they'll stay out. Carefully he slides into position above them.'You called?' To his satisfaction Stark, Captain America and the Hulk jump. For a second, Hulk's heartbeat races but instantly calms. Matt is reluctantly impressed at his control. While Romonov doesn't jump, her heartbeat does.'Who's there?' Captain America calls.Matt smirks and slides into view. 'Heard you were looking for something in my city. Care to ask for help?'Stark's heart is going nuts. So is Captain America's. 'And if we agree, what's in it for you?''You get the idiots in the bar down there out of here before I'm forced to do so myself,' Matt says with a shrug. 'I'm not fond of interlopers; you bring nothing but trouble.''That's it? That's all you want?'Matt rolls his eyes, aware they can't see him, and steps back into the shadows. 'Just get them out of here before I do. You won't like my methods.'There. Maybe that threat will be enough to keep them out of Hell's Kitchen.
('Holy shit, where'd he come from? Where'd he go? Do you think-'

'Just a man and his symbols you said.'

'The Devil isn't real, Rogers.'

'Maybe that's what he wants you to think.')
********It's just Romonov and Stark the second time Matt runs into the Avengers. This time Stark doesn't have his suit with him - no briefcase and no hum - and it's the sounds of Romonov fighting to protect him that attracts Matt to their side in the first place.Matt doesn't bother speaking when he slips into the warehouse, just throws his baton at the light bulb he can hear humming in the centre of the room. He's pleased when there's a chorus of groans and cries of fear at the sudden darkness.He's even more pleased one of them is from Stark. 'Natasha, please tell me you have a light. I'm so stripped of tech right now it hurts. Physically pains-''If you don't shut up Stark, I'll shut you up.' Romonov sounds a touch stressed but Matt can taste the blood dripping down her head and he did effectively blind her too. A tiny part of him feels regret.'Got a light!' one of the men yells. He must have time to turn it on before Matt makes it over because he screams when Matt's still a foot away. The scent of urine floods the room as Matt punches the man out.Oh that thing again. As soon as it stops being useful, Matt is going to have a discussion with the criminals of Hell's Kitchen about the difference between reality and a symbol. Seriously. He's tired of being drenched in water (and ah, other things by terrified crooks) because people think he's the Devil.The light - a phone by the sound of it - clatters to the ground and Matt moves onto his target. There's still two heartbeats that aren't Avenger heartbeats in the room.Romonov seems to decide to leave it to him and moves to Stark's side. 'How badly are you injured?'Matt can hear the movement of air as Stark shrugs. 'Been worse. What's happening? I can't see a damned thing in this dark.''Our resident Daredevil has it covered.' Matt knocks the last of the men out and moves quietly towards them.'How the hell can he see?' Romonov is helping Stark to his feet and clearly ignoring the shift of fractured bone in her shoulder. Not that Stark's any better off.'How can't you?' Matt deflects and taps at Stark's shoulder. 'I thought I told you to stay out of Hell's Kitchen?' But Matt takes some of Stark's weight, ignoring the soft sigh of Romonov as the movement of weight shifts her shoulder.'Huh. Now we know where we are,' Romonov says, her heartbeat barely giving away the lie.Matt sighs. 'Don't lie, it's annoying and I'd hate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
Mistaken Identity
The Devil is a Sneaky Bastard
(Especially when the Devil is Matt)

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

