Work Text:
So, aliens visited Earth and the first people they came to were the Avengers. Something to do with a warrior culture that valued heroes over policy makers. Tony could get behind that, mostly because he was more interested in getting his hands on whatever technology the youngest alien was happily calling "magic" than in... making sense.According to Thor and Loki, princes of the realm eternal, the universe was a big place full of tree metaphors and realms, and it was time for Earth to take its place on the bigger stage. Somehow in conversation of that bigger stage, the subject came up of the Second Prince's Father. Like it was a funny story to tell newcomers. Apparently nobody knew who he was."Well, Laufey's not telling, and enough people have come forward with a claim that it's essentially a farce. It could be Odin," Loki said, rolling his (startlingly green, Tony couldn't look away) eyes. "It could just as easily be Oberon of the Ljosalfar, or Glut of Muspelheim. It's practically a badge of honour among the elder races to have a candidate. I've been of age for a thousand years. There are galactic laws -- there's lore dictating how much favour I'm allowed to show each of my fathers. One of the sillinesses inherent to interstellar politics, really."And that was cool. But somehow in there, Tony caught a flavour he was used to. Paternity unknown. And for the first time in twenty years or so he flipped his usual reaction to that. He wanted in this race.And he totally never knew when to shut his mouth."What?" asked Tony at the staring faces of his team mates. "I could be. Do you know how many paternity suits I get a year?""What is a paternity--" began Thor, while Steve rolled his eyes."Stark, I knew your father," he said in that way he had that was calculated to annoy. Tony hoped he would grow out of that soon, before he had to punch the guy. "I know you're not secretly a thousand years old.""Stark Industries has been working on Time travel for a couple years now," he said without hesitation. It could be true. They didn't know. "I'm pretty sure we're on the edge of a breakthrough. First destination planned was the planet, uh--""Jotunheim," supplied Loki without looking up. He was sitting with his head in his hands, shoulders quaking with silent laughter."Planet Jotunheim! A thousand years ago. You know, these things happen." He shrugged, looking suitably contrite."I'm pretty sure they don't," offered Bruce. Tony ignored him."It was a whirlwind romance! Or, I'm sure it will be. Time travel. I'm getting my tenses in a twist.""...Father?" asked Loki in a small voice. Tony looked over. Loki had wiped the smile off his face, and was looking up at him with childlike wonder. "Father, is it truly you? I've been hurt before, Father, please say it's real this time!"Tony kept a straight face with a heroic effort. "Yes, kid. It's real." He opened his arms, and Loki came to them unhesitantly. "Come give your old Dad a hug."Loki did. "Oh, Daddy, finally!""Brother," said Thor in a voice of fond exasperation. "Brother, this mortal is not actually your fa--""Don't be dense, Thor, of course he is. Look at the two of us!" He pulled Tony around to present the both of them to his brother. "We look exactly alike! That can't be a coincidence." Tony glanced up at what had to be nearly a foot of height difference, and the long features, bright green eyes and the plethora of genetic markers... They both had black hair, so that was something. "No, Thor, it must be true. Oh, Father, I'm so glad I've found you at last!"He threw both arms around Tony's neck as Thor snorted amusement. Tony reeled to bear the extra weight. "Hey, that's my boy," he muttered in the most paternal voice he could manage. "Hug it out, now.""Oh, for the love of..." Behind them, Steve was looking more disapproving with every second. "Natasha, you're his friend - can't you talk sense into him?""I tried for two months as his PA, that didn't work." Natasha wasn't even trying to hide the laughter in her voice. "What about you, Thor?""I have been Loki's brother for near a millennium, Lady Widow. If it has not worked thus far, I feel it never will." Hanging around Tony's neck like an unwieldy necklace, Loki was shaking with suppressed laughter again. He maintained the hug like a champion, though."Look on the bright side, Cap!" said Clint. "We're all uncles!""Oh, my god," said Bruce. "Who's going to tell Pepper she's a stepmother?""A God's stepmother," corrected Natasha. "I think it should be me.""No way!" Tony protested. "I should tell her myself, it's only fair!" I came up with this one, I want to see that little quirk her lips do when I've actually surprised her. He started to make for the door, to get Pepper on the phone when he realised his movements were being a little hampered by his new godly son still clinging to him. Loki had his eyes closed, a blissful little smile on his face.Tony coughed."You, uh-- You gonna let go?" he asked."No," Loki said happily. He
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Natasha Romanov
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crack
Daddy Issues
Even more than usual
Adoption
Unconventional Families
Politics that nobody pays attention to
Alternate Universe - Crack

fandom: 
Loki/Natasha Romanov
Loki & Tony Stark

