Work Text:
When it came time for his briefings on the 21st century, it seemed like a lot of folks expected Steve to have a problem with gays. He knew folks weren't always keen on it back in his day (rarely were keen, to be honest) but he'd known a few boys growing up in the orphanage who'd sneak off to-- well Steve didn't really know what exactly at the time, but he later found out it was to do with being gay. Bucky had taught him 'the facts of life' when they were teenagers, even if Bucky was the only one using them, so he'd had a good idea of what a fella and a dame might get up to together; when he started taking art classes, he learned more about what two fellas might do together and they introduced him to a few dames who didn't care if there was one man in Manhattan or one million, because they didn't want a single one.So Steve didn't care about that the way his SHIELD briefers thought he would. He didn't think it was wrong or dirty. He knew more than enough folks who hadn't thought there was a thing in the world to be ashamed of. If being a skinny asthmatic with a big mouth got you beat, and being a queer got you beat, then there must have been something alright with it. The only thing that the twenty first century told Steve was completely not alright was not wanting to do any of those things with anybody.Sex was everywhere and completely inescapable. It was on billboards and in the clothes people wore, it was on the television, and it was on the internet - and Steve was never, ever going to look on the internet for anything about Tony Stark again.He'd known there was something wrong with him for years, since Bucky joined him in art class because there were naked girls and Steve was too busy staring at the girl's hands; every line and curve was a challenge to bring to life on the page. He'd known it when boys were chasing after girls and he didn't care, from how he learned what a certain hitched breathing meant in the barracks, and the way the men passed around a picture of a dame in a one-piece like it was sent from Heaven.At least he'd had Peggy, in a sense. Having a gal waiting for him back home was the only good reason for not joining the men in their downtime with the girls at a bar. Peggy made him feel good, made him feel normal. Being with her and thinking about holding her gave him this warm, heated feeling in his chest. She was the one, the right partner, and maybe he could... dance with her if he loved her enough. He thought he could, and he'd been going to try, even if it was hard to pretend to be a regular fella when Bucky talked about Peggy's legs and her curves and all Steve could think was how that red dress had set off her lips and her skin and her hair had framed her face just right.After waking up, it was somehow even worse; Peggy was gone, and the one person he thought he might have connected with was gone, and his one shot at normal was gone. He went to galas and charity events with the other Avengers and they tried gallantly to figure out 'his type'. Tony took him to even more events, and after a dozen 'strike outs' (Tony's words), he offered to take him to events with men instead and Steve just said he wasn't ready to date. Staying home with whatever Avengers were in the Tower was more fun anyway.The best part of his self-imposed exile from the dating scene was when Tony allowed him to stay with him in the lab between training together in the gym. He spent his time drawing Tony's robots or his hands or the soft curves of his classic cars. Sometimes Tony would even join him on one of the couches and they'd relax, caught in their own worlds, pressed knee to knee.When he wasn't trying to set Steve up or open up pocketbooks of donors, Tony was strangely staid. He and Steve would stay in and sometimes Tony would give him a rueful smile, explain that he had to take Pepper out for the night, but he would still let Steve stay in the lab, doodling, just because that was one of the two places Steve seemed most comfortable. The lab was so steeped in Tony, holding his robots, the AI that was like a person named JARVIS, his cars, his music, and every piece of him; Steve loved it there and it never failed to make him comfortable. As much as they hadn't gotten along right at the start, Tony had been the one who seemed most able to worm his way passed Steve's defenses.When Pepper broke up with Tony a few months after the Avengers had first formed, Steve was the only one allowed down into the lab on the very flimsy excuse that Steve 'needed to finish his sketches while it was fresh'. The two of them would sit, completely silent, with Tony tucked under Steve's arm and the two of them spent large swaths of days like that. Steve took Tony to the gym, they went out for lunches and dinners sometimes, and very slowly, Steve found himself falling just a little bit in love with Tony Stark.He started to see it everyday. When Tony smiled his heart beat faster, when they lazily bumped shoulders together Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Asexuality
Asexual Relationship
Angst
Hand Jobs
Dubious Consent
Denial
Enthusiastic Consent
Romance
Kink Meme

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

