Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The church was always cold this time of year.Steve could hear the cold October air funnelling around the old building, rattling the window panes as a few stray drops of moisture flicked and spit against the glass. A chill crept up through the floorboard, and the young priest pulled his jacket a little closer around his neck. The church had long since been emptied of its congregation after the evening service, and he had shed his clerics, storing them neatly, and being left with his civilian clothing; in this case, a pair of black slacks, his softest gray sweater, and a comfortable jacket.  Steve hummed softly to himself, moving in and out of the bright patch of moonlight that spilled through the high window above the altar, illuminating the otherwise dark sanctuary. He didn’t mind being here alone, even at night. After all, his mother had loved this church, and after she'd passed, it had been this church’s members that had cared for him. It only seemed right that he give back to the place that had given him so much. So he’d become a priest, and cared for the church and congregation they way they’d cared for him.But it was getting late. Steve was looking forward to going back to his little parsonage down the road, and getting a good night’s rest, so he returned bibles to the stacks, turned off all the other lights, and set to extinguishing the warm, flickering candles that lined the wall behind the alter.And suddenly, a heavy, shuddering thump met his ears.Steve jerked, his heart suddenly lurching into his throat as the candle snuffer slipped from his hands, hitting, and ringing loudly on the slate floor. He whipped around, yellow-gray blotches swimming in front of his eyes from staring at the candles. He could feel his heart slamming against his ribs, feel his blood racing… And then after a moment, he let a breath slip his lips. Probably nothing. A door rattling from the wind. Something heavy slipping off a shelf. Probably noth-
“Hello?”
Instantly Steve’s heart jammed back up into his throat, his body flushing with adrenalin for the second time in as many minutes. Lord Jesus someone was in here. He’d thought the door had been locked- but it didn’t matter. The voice had been deep, and soft, but tinged with uncertainty, maybe fear, and Steve felt his sense of duty override his initial shock.He blinked rapidly, swallowing back the dryness in his mouth. “I’m sorry-” He began haltingly, “You startled me...I- What can I help you with?” As his eyes adjusted, Steve could begin to discern a figure lingering by the sanctuary’s front door. But as the only light in the room was from the candles, and the moonlight, none of it reached far enough to display any details.“It’s Father Rogers...right?”The voice was definitely male, but it seemed timid, and Steve’s mouth softened into an encouraging little smile. “Yeah, that’s me, but, call me Steve, okay? I’m off duty.” He said easily, wanting to put his visitor at ease as he stepped down to two shallow steps from the raised stage area to the floor.“Steve…” The figure shifted beside the door, still completely cloaked in shadow, and Steve felt a little tug of unease in the pit of his stomach. Something must be wrong. He wanted to help, but the situation, and the odd atmosphere that hung around his late-night visitor made him nervous, and Steve found himself mimicking the dark figure’s subtle, rocking shift.“Uhh…why don’t you come on over,” Steve invited, hiding his uncertainty behind a mask of warmth, and helpfulness. But Steve didn’t want to move out of the white pool of moonlight. Licking his lips, Steve tipped his chin encouragingly. “Sorry it’s kinda dark, but come sit down. We’ll talk.”Again, the figure shifted, but this time, it slid away from the door, slipping up along the aisle, and stopped just shy of the light.Shit. Steve was really nervous now. Maybe it was just how late it was. Maybe it was the visitors startling entrance, but suddenly, Steve wasn’t sure at all he wanted him to come into the light. But helping people was what he did. This person had come to him, and Steve would be damned if he wouldn’t do all he could for him. Steve moved back to ease the point of tension that had begun to develop between the two of them, allowing him room to step into the white beam spilling from the window, and after a long moment, the figure slipped into the light.Steve’s breath caught in his lungs.He was beautiful.His visitor had dark chestnut hair that was pushed back from his face in impossibly soft, loose curls. His eyes were smoky, and deep- lips red as sin, and he was pale- christ he was pale, and Steve felt a shock run up his spine as he realized he had more than just his face to go by.He wasn’t so much clothed, as adorned.Gold bands circled his wrists and ankles. A thin, delicate gold chain fastened around the base of his throat like a collar, other fine chains looping, an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Priest Steve
Incubus Bucky
Priest Steve/Incubus Bucky
Mildly Dubious Consent
at first
Kissing
Neck Kissing
Aphrodisiacs
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Masturbation
Come Swallowing
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve
Falling In Love
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Massage
Hugs
Cuddling & Snuggling
Steve Rogers Domesticating His Incubus
Love Confessions
Dry Humping
Hand Jobs
Kitchen Sex
Shower Sex
Oral Sex
just lots of sex
let's be real
Happy Ending
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

