Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Want to know what your mistake was?”Tony leaned back against the counter, arms crossed over his chest.  “Letting all of you move in?” he asked, not really caring about the answer.Phil didn't look up from stirring the dark, creamy liquid in the pot that was bubbling away in front of him on the stove.  “I was going to say, 'supplying a load of pumpkins to people with specialized knife skills,'” he mused, “but your guess is pretty on point as well.”Tony took a deep breath and let it out through his teeth.  “We are having the full Halloween experience,” he said, ignoring how his head ached.  “And that includes jack o'lanterns.  I thought-”  He rubbed a hand over his face.  “I thought they would take a pumpkin, and gouge out a couple of eyes, a nose, maybe a snaggle-toothed mouth, I thought they would be NORMAL, Phil, I mean-”  He stopped.  “There is no way I could've predicted this.”  He sounded defensive, even to his own ears, but soldiered on anyway.  “I'm a genius, I'm one of the smartest people on earth, and there is no way I could have predicted that we'd end up stabbing pumpkins with switchblades.”Phil was staring at him, his eyebrows arched in an expression of polite disbelief.  “Really?” he asked after a long moment.  “There is no way you could've-”“I figured that Natasha wouldn't get the good knives dirty!”“Stark, the good knives are usually significantly dirtier than this,” Phil said.“Fine, okay, it was a slight miscalculation, I just wanted the kid to have a damn Jack O'Lantern,” Tony grumbled.  He crossed his arms over his chest.  “I wanted him to have a regular Halloween.  Is that so wrong?”Phil shook his head.  “Only you would think that a 'regular Halloween' involved two dozen pumpkins being delivered for one small child.”Tony made a face.  “It was easier to just have a crate of them delivered than to try to choose one for him.  They're all-”  He rolled a hand through the air.  “Different.”“Strange how that happens with nature,” Phil said.“Shut up.  Anyway, I figured he'd pick one and we could use the rest for decorations at the building Halloween party,” Tony said.  “It was practical.  I am always practical.”“Really?” Phil asked.  He brought the spoon to his lips, taking a careful sip.  “How's the practicality working out for you?”He resisted the urge to say something short, violent or obscene, or ideally, all three.  “It's not,” Tony admitted at last.  He huffed out a breath.  “Whatever, the building management'll get Avengers carved pumpkins instead of intact pumpkins, they'll deal.  They'll be collector's items or some shit.”  He waved a hand through the air.  “They can raffle them.”“They're pumpkins, they'll be rotted in a week.”“I need you to stop talking now, you're annoying me.”  He glanced at Phil, his eyes narrowed.  “And after the party, I want you to understand here, there will be trick or treating.”Phil put the wooden spoon aside and turned off the stove.  “You're taking him out-”“There will be trick or treating around the personal floors, and I expect full participation,” Tony clarified.  “It's in your rental agreement.”  Phil gave him a look.  “Strange, I don't remember signing a rental-”“You're old and senile.  Of course you have a rental agreement.”  He pointed a finger in Phil's direction.  “And it stipulates that there will be trick or treating for the landlord's kid.”Phil paused.  “So, what you're saying is that DJ will be knocking at our door, carrying a pillowcase, expecting attention and treats, while wearing an outlandish outfit?” he asked, pouring steaming hot cocoa from a sauce pan into individual mugs.  He glanced up at Tony, a faint smile creasing his cheeks.  “And this is different from an ordinary Saturday, how?”“Well, Steve will be standing behind him with a camera-” Tony started, and Phil arched an eyebrow at him.  “Fine.  Shut up.  Just make sure you have chocolate to give him.”“Clint has been stocking up on Peanut Butter cups for six weeks now, and eating them almost as fast as he's buying them.  If we're lucky, there will be some left on Halloween,” Phil said.  He filled the last mug and set the pan aside.  “Cocoa?”“Yes, and how is that man not dead?” Tony asked.“It's a medical mystery,” Phil said.  To the room at large, he asked,  “Who wants cocoa?”Every hand in the room went up.  Both of DJ's shot up, and a glob of pumpkin guts hit the ceiling with a sticky, wet splat.  Everyone stared up at it.  Clint let out a bark of laughter.  “Kid's got an arm,” he said, leaning back in his chair.“Kid IS an arm,” Tony said.  He took a long, slow sip of his cocoa, staring up at the gunk.  “I think we're going to leave that there.”“Tony,” Steve said, half rising from his seat to take mugs from Phil.  Together, they handed them out and then Phil cleared a spot for himself at the table, moving the newspapers covered with pumpkin bits out of his way.“No, no, I've been meaning to restart my modern art collection,” Tony said.  He waved one hand expans
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Holiday
Halloween
Family Bonding
Fluff
silliness
Kidfic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

