Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony wakes up because his pillow is wriggling. Since his pillow at the moment is Steve's lap that isn't too alarming, but Steve is also babbling, which is a bit."-ust fell asleep," Tony hears once he's awake enough to understand. "I didn't- I'm not-""It's okay," Loki says. He sounds like he's rolling his eyes but in a nice way, which makes Tony smile because generally that expression is reserved for Tony. Sometimes Thor gets it, in very private moments when Loki is recounting stories of their shared pasts, but only with Tony, and only very rarely. Tony is glad that Loki has warmed up so much to the other Avengers, Steve, Tony's best friend, most of all."Why do you think I would mind?" Loki asks, carefully lifting Tony's feet and sitting down at the other end of the sofa. Tony yawns but refuses to admit that he's awake, keeping his eyes tightly closed."I don't…" Steve seems unable to truly explain. Tony has his suspicions, but he isn't officially awake so he doesn't explain about old-fashioned ideas being deeply embedded in Steve's subconscious. Yeah, it used to be a source of jokes and slapstick moments at the beginning, but by this point Steve is pretty much like any other person having grown up at the later half of the century, apart from how completely unashamed he is of his ideals. Most other people who share them are aware of how old-fashioned they are and are generally embarrassed or defensive. Not Steve, though."I don't have a claim on Tony," Loki explains patiently. He and Tony had that conversation a couple of times, mostly because of Steve, who had started acting like he'd done something horrible when Tony used him as a pillow. "The only person in all the realms who has any right to give permission on who touches Tony is Tony himself.""I know that." Steve sounds embarrassed, probably because they've been through that conversation once or twice already. "It's just that I don't want you to get the wrong impression."Loki huffs. "There is no wrong impression to get. Tony loves you. You're his best friend." Loki clearly is getting a bit exasperated by this point. It's not either of their fault, really; they just come from two such completely different backgrounds. Asgard is very different from Midgard in many ways, some of them big, some of them small, and America's 1940's are even more alien. When Steve was young monogamy was the idealized norm and couples, for all intents and purposes, belonged to each other (the women much more to the men than the other way around, of course). Steve is used to that sort of mindset, even if he's long come to terms with how much more varied things nowadays are. He's never truly judged Tony for his manwhoring ways and hadn't treated Tony any differently when he had seemingly stopped having so much sex (he hadn't known that the only thing to actually stop was the varying sex partners). Thus, it had caught Tony a little off-guard how skittish Steve had suddenly become after Tony's relationship with Loki had become established fact. At first Tony had thought it was the pregnancy (which, honestly, nobody could've blamed him for) but it's clearly Tony and Loki's relationship, and not due to the fact that it's Loki Tony is going steady with.Shifting uncomfortably, Steve replies, "I know. I love him too. In an entirely platonic way," he hastily adds. It confuses Tony that Steve has no qualms admitting how important Tony is to him, that his only issue is clarifying as to the nature of his regard for Tony. He could never do that, even if he wanted to. Which he generally doesn't.Loki sighs, probably resigning for now to Steve's quirks. "You're godfather for a reason," he changes topics. "Of all of us, you're probably the only reliable role model out there."With that, Tony full-heartedly agrees (it's actually almost word for word what Tony said when he discussed this with Loki), with the small disclaimer that Bruce is a clear runner-up for the placement of top role model material among the Avengers. Though Bruce is a little too non-confrontational for Tony's taste – for good reasons, of course, but still. Steve is non-confrontational, but he's a bit less of a push-over."That's not true," Steve immediately protests. "Both you and Tony are great role models.""Tony, yes," Loki agrees immediately, making Tony's belly flip. "Me? Not at all.""I don't agree," Steve says. "You're not the most conventional person, but that's not a bad thing. And it's patently obvious that you love the child and Tony and would do anything for them, and that's what matters the most. You have problems, yes," he continues when Loki doesn't reply. Tony really wants to know what his face looks like but he doesn't dare move for fear of drawing both their attention away from what they're talking about. "And I can't say I'm a fan of how you handle them. But you're clearly learning to compromise and you regret the worst things you have done." It's not exactly ringing endorsement. Tony cou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Sif (Marvel)

freeform: 
Mpreg
Kidnapping
Protectiveness
Established Relationship
Parenthood
Meeting the Parents
Fights
Reconciliation
Roleplay
Immortality
Childbirth
Translation Available

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov/Sif (Marvel)

