Chapter 1: Caves
    




Chapter Text
From the moment he stepped foot on this earth, Tony Stark was nothing short of great. He was one of the few who were born great, a greatness that went beyond his inherited wealth and personal genius to something in his inner being that grew against all odds. Tony Stark was a passionate person and threw his entire being into everything he did, from inventing to partying, he did it all with his very best effort, and that innate ability to do every single thing as if it were the most important thing in the world, was what made him great. It wasn't something that could be learned, it was something a person either could do or could not do, but it was not learned.Steve Rogers achieved greatness. He rose from the bottom to the top in a matter of minutes thanks to a serum induced change, a change he volunteered for. He wanted to achieve greatness so he did, stopping at nothing to become better than what he was.Natasha and Clint had greatness thrust upon them. Her choice was to continue down the path she had been set on and do more damage to the world. Or she could take the opportunity Clint handed her and turn against her homeland and try to do better. When she attempted to do better, she was thrown into a world next to Clint that expected greatness from them both. So they did great.When the Avengers minus Bruce and Thor found themselves captured and held in a cave, none of them could imagine that their greatness would be put to good use or what type of use that would end up being."You know, I'm not particularly fond of caves," said Tony lightly, pacing the length of their cell, picking up abandoned objects at random before discarding them in ever growing piles of useless things. "Personally, I think the whole cave thing is rather over done. Whatever happened to good old fashioned dungeons? Or even better, cages hung in trees. I like trees. Hawkeye would feel more at home too. Next time, I request being held in the forest. Do you here that, you crazies?""I don't think they're taking requests, Stark," said Natasha drily from where she was seated against the wall, facing the door."They can't hear you anyway," said Steve as he tried his strength against the door and lost-again."That's beside the point," said Tony.The next pass he made around the cell, he tripped over a protruding stone and stumbled into Steve, who automatically reached out and caught him."Care, Tony," said Steve."The camera's have microphones," hissed Tony, keeping his voice low and lips still as the rest of him flailed against Steve in a fake attempt to get steady. "Don't say anything stupid."Steve and Tony finally managed to separate while Clint snickered. Tony once again continued making piles around the room, seemingly at random but the others had finally caught on to his antics. At first, they had merely chalked it up to Tony's compulsive need to constantly be moving and fiddling with things. The more they watched, however, the more they caught on to the way his eyes took in each object at a glance and his movements, erratic and unpredictable, were actually purposeful. Even more interesting was the fact that four of Tony's piles of things were placed against walls or coners, places they would normally sit, he filled with things. At first, Clint could not figure out how Tony seemed to pick the four exact places the archer would normally claim as his own. It was almost as if the billionaire was trying to piss him off.Then it hit Clint, literally, as Tony dropped an object in his lap, almost as if he didn't know the archer was there. It was a doorknob and lock and utterly useless. A few minutes later, a rod, barrel of a gun, and an old hammer joined the doorknob and lock. Clint looked up, then back down, then at the room in general, and realized that the five piles, including growing one in his lap, were all placed exactly in a cameras blind spot. The other piles were still in the middle of the room, scattered about, but those five were hidden from the camera's view.Tony was up to something and if he got caught, whoever had captured them would likely kill him.Natasha shook her head at Clint when it looked like the archer was about to make a comment to Tony. She didn't know exactly what the billionaire was up to, but she was not about to put an end to it. As far as being held captive in a cave went, Tony had the best track record for getting out in one piece.It went on for hours until at last, someone made an appearance."Stark, you're coming with us," said a tall man flanked by two men who would have been stereotypical football players in high school."Will there be coffee involved?" asked Tony, crossing his arms in the middle of the room."What do you want from us?" demanded Steve, his Captain America voice ringing out."Come along Stark," said the man again."I'm good, thanks though," said Tony, turning away as if bored and approaching a pile closer to the door.One of the large men snagged Tony by the arm and dragg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Kidnapping
Implied/Referenced Torture
Major Character Injury
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony

fandom: 
None
