Work Text:
In retrospect, saying yes had been a mistake.Steve took one look at the massive banner above the stage – "Buy A Date For Fun And Charity!" – and couldn't escape to the bar fast enough.  What the hell had he been thinking, letting Tony talk him into taking his place?  It'll be fun, Cap, Tony'd said.  You remember fun, right? Go bid on some nice, polite lady or dame or whatever you used to call women and make her swoon with all of that old-fashioned charm that seems to be catnip for any female with a pulse.  Plus, it's for pediatric cancer research, and who can say no to sick kids in need?Steve was, unfortunately, a big sucker for sick kids.  So, here he was, all decked out in a nicely tailored suit that cost more than the sum of everything he'd made prior to joining the Army, sipping on very expensive cognac, and trying very hard not to have a minor panic attack.  It felt like every eye in the room was on him.  His skin felt clammy and far too warm, and if he still had his old lungs, he knew he'd be wheezing up a storm by now.Over the years, he'd gotten used to being gazed upon like a zoo animal on display, but that didn't mean he had to like it.  Far too many people forgot Steve Rogers was a real person under the cowl.  Sometimes even he forgot himself that he was still just a flesh and blood man behind the shield, with needs and wants and dreams. Exactly like everyone else in the world.If nothing else, tonight was a good reminder that he was still only human.  That he was more than just a stoic soldier who lived only to serve others.  It was well past time he started to look out for himself again.But so far, none of the people putting themselves up for auction had piqued Steve's interest.  He knew he needed to bid on someone at some point, but he at least wanted someone he thought he could hold a conversation with.  Someone who wouldn't spend the entire time either too nervous to say a word, or too scared of saying the wrong thing.  Maybe it was too much to ask, but he didn't think so.  And if he didn't see anyone who he thought would be that person, he'd just make a donation in Tony's name and be done with it.  He'd rather face Tony's disappointment and teasing barbs than subject himself to a date with someone who only saw him as an icon.The MC for the evening – an older man with ruthlessly lacquered gray hair and teeth so white they could double as headlights – gave the audience a wide, plastic smile.  "Next up, we have a special treat.  The Barnes family has always been so generous with their time and money with this little event we put on every year." He tittered at his own joke.  "But tonight, the eldest son, James Barnes, has decided to put himself up for auction.  James, would you be so kind as to come on out, please."A tall, dark-haired man stepped onto the stage and waved at the crowd.  He was textbook handsome, with a square-cut jaw and heavy-lidded eyes, and his hair was artfully mussed, like he’d just rolled out of bed.  The exquisite cut of his bespoke tuxedo more than hinted at the muscled body underneath.  But it was the way he wore his suit – like he was already figuring out eight ways to striptease out of it the very first second he could – that truly held the eye.  His bowtie was slightly crooked, as was the collar of his shirt. He looked like someone had yanked him in by that tie for a hard, very thorough kiss, then sent him out on the stage.Or like maybe he'd had a quickie in the bathroom and didn't have time to fully put himself back together."Everyone having a good time tonight?" Barnes asked, his voice a rich tenor, his tone the perfect mix of flirtatious and friendly.  A man used to having any crowd eating out of the palm of his hand.The wave of lust that swept over Steve was as surprising as it was unwelcome.  Not the time or the place and certainly not his first choice in a partner.  But his body – created to be the pinnacle of perfection and precision – still managed to have a mind of its own.  And every single atom of Steve's body wanted.  Wanted to taste those full, pouty lips to see if they were as soft as they looked.  Wanted to peel Barnes out of his insouciantly worn suit to see if the body beneath it was as fit and graceful as the cut indicated.  Wanted to see if he could make those pretty, long-lashed eyes gloss over in pleasure.Then Barnes' gaze swept over the crowd and stopped when he hit Steve.  But Steve didn't see the usual shock or reverence he'd come to expect when someone looked his way.  Instead, Barnes was looking at him like he wanted Steve to be the one to debauch him even further.  Every bit of earlier discomfort Steve was feeling left him in a white-hot rush.  There wasn't any room for anything other than all the ways he wanted James Barnes naked and moaning his name."Bidding will start at $5,000, ladies and gentlemen.  $5,000 for an evening spent in the charming company of one of the most eligible bachelors in all of New York.  The winning bidder 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Steve is still Captain America
Modern Day Bucky Barnes
Bachelor Auction
Charity Auctions
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

