Work Text:
When Brock had suggested bringing Steve Rogers into their bed, Jack had been understandably skeptical. Was it a virgin thing? Brock usually actively disliked virgins though. But Jack had not grown nearly as close to Captain America as Brock had so he had no idea what Brock was playing at. So yeah. It had to be a virgin thing. Who was more virginal than Captain Fucking America?Was it a Captain America thing? Fucking the guy who tried to bring down all of Hydra?The three of them went to dinner. Dinner, of all the fool things a group of three men could do. They chit-chatted the whole night, the conversation never broaching anything remotely interesting. Brock had been hit in the head their last op out. That must’ve been what was going on. Jack kept trying to meet his eye, convey to him how fucking awkward this was, but every time they glanced at each other Brock had a glint in his eye, mischievous and deadly.After they finished eating and were walking back to the car and Steve’s bike, Brock pulled Steve into a small alleyway between two buildings. Jack followed along, peaking over his shoulder to make sure no one had noticed.“What the hell are you doing, Brock?” he asked softly. Brock had pinned Rogers to the grimy brick wall of the building and was holding him steady with a hand on his chest.Rogers wasn’t fighting back.“Watch this,” Brock whispered.His hand slid up and wrapped firmly around Steve’s neck, his other hand just barely ghosted over Steve’s crotch.“Brock, let him g—“Steve moaned when Brock ran a single finger over the bulge in Steve’s pants. His eyes fluttered closed as Brock squeezed his neck. His hips bucked up from the wall. Jack’s jaw dropped.“Tell Jack what you told me, Stevie.”“I told— I said— nobody wants to touch me. Nobody fucking touches me. They treat me like a statue in a museum and it’s been seventy years since I got fucked.”“Seventy years is a long time huh, Stevie?”Steve nodded, face flushed clearly even in the terrible low glow of the streetlight. “I told you we should sleep with him, Jack.”“What the hell?” Jack replied, awestruck. “He’s desperate for it, aren’t you, Steve?”“Yes…” Rogers whispered.“You want us to fuck you, don’t you?”“Y-yes…”Brock and Jack exchanged a look. Jack could see the hunger in Brock’s eyes, sure it was mirrored in his own. They had shared people in the past, but this was different. This was Steve fucking Rogers; more than that, this was Steve Rogers practically keening to be touched, to be fucked.“What do you say, Stevie?”
“Please…”
Oh, he wasn’t keening for it. He was begging. Just how Brock liked ‘em. Which meant it was just how Jack liked ‘em.
“Come on, pup,” Jack hissed into his ear that first night as he fucked Steve hard from behind. Steve moaned back around Brock’s dick, gagging a little. “You gonna come for me? You gonna come with a cock in your mouth and a cock in your ass?”At the words Steve Rogers had come so hard, Jack was afraid he would pass out. No one was even touching his damn cock. The boy was desperate. Jack and Brock continued to fuck him brutally from both ends as he hung limp between them, moaning, hungry and strung out. The two of them came inside of him nearly at the same time. When he finished, Jack threw Steve down on the bed roughly, and grabbed Brock, smashing their faces together, biting his lips and claiming him, thanking him.Steve was watching them when they broke apart, stroking his cock, already growing hard once more, staring up at them, pupils blown wide, lips pink and swollen.“Get the ring,” Brock whispered to Jack. Jack stood from the bed and strode to the closet, turning around at the sound of Steve whimpering and seeing Brock squeezing him tight at the base of his cock. Steve’s hips were jerking up on their own, desperately seeking friction. Brock grinned over at him and Jack grabbed the cock-ring and one of their larger anal plugs for good measure. He tossed the ring over to Brock who caught it deftly with one hand and in a smooth motion wrapped the soft, just barely stretchy rubber ring around Steve’s cock.Brock and Jack had never much liked using the cock-ring; it wasn’t really their style. Or rather, it was Brock’s style, but he didn’t like using it on himself or Jack. He liked to use it on people who didn’t know any better than to stay away from the two men. He got a glint in his eye when he teased bedmates. Just one of the many things that made Jack fall in love with him.It might have been a hair too small for Steve, but Brock didn’t seem to mind as he reached for the plug in Jack’s hand. Steve squirmed on the sheets and Jack got back on the bed and pulled one of Steve’s legs up towards his chest, exposing his ass while Brock covered the plug in lube before pushing it in with one great thrust. Steve yelped and bit his lip. The plug settled deep inside of him, and, from the look on his face and the way he was trembling, Jack knew that it had to be brushing against his prostate. His hips kept undulating u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
HYDRA Husbands
Double Penetration
Cock Rings
Anal Plug
Collars
BDSM
Bondage
Domestic Fluff
Feminization
Nipple Piercings
Gags
Nipple Play
Come Eating
Flogging
Spanking
Non-Consensual Spanking
Biting
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins

