Chapter 1: And in the beginning...
    




Chapter Text
“You want me to what?”
“Jesus God, you heard me, you ain't deaf anymore,” Bucky said, clearly exasperated. “I want you to dominate me.”
“Yes, I did hear you.” Steve put his book down. So much for a quiet evening at home. “Can I ask why?”
“Because I can't stop thinking about about you holding me down,” Bucky said, sitting down at the opposite end of the sofa. Because they were in the Tower and modern furniture was amazing, Bucky was about half a city block away. Or so it felt. “'Cause it used to feel good. I know it did, and I know it feels good now.” He leaned forward and lowered his eyelashes. “Because you're thinking about it too now. And getting hard.”
Steve visibly swallowed. “So what if I am?”
Bucky leaned over further, stretching across the sofa towards Steve. “You miss it, don't you?” he asked softly. “When I was your pet. The one thing in the whole world you had control over. And the one place in the whole world I could give it all up, and just be.”

Steve made a harsh sound in his throat. “Yeah, I miss it.” Weakling, dancing monkey, soldier, Avenger. Yeah, he wanted control. He wanted to make Bucky do what 
he
 wanted, then he wanted to make Bucky so happy he'd be useless for anything but lying in bed, letting Steve spoil him. Because pets deserved to be spoiled.

“Steve, I can watch the gears turning in your head,” Bucky said. “Can you at least try to not overthink this?”
“Thought my problem was not thinkin' enough?” Steve said absently. How could he buy rope online without Stark finding out? Maybe it was better to do it in person. With cash. Was that too paranoid?
“That's only in battle. C'mon, please?” Bucky stopped, and frowned. “It's nothing like what Hydra did to me, you know that right?”
“What? Oh, yes. God, Buck, I know.” Steve said, still only half-present. Would Bucky still be into light pain? He hurt so much as it was. That might be a limit for Steve, actually. He'd used to love whipping Bucky's ass and thighs until they were red, but now...yeah. He couldn't hurt his lover, not now.
“Holy shit, mark your calendars, ladies and gentlemen. After six months of screaming fights, Steve Rogers learned something,” Bucky announced, and that pulled Steve out of his reverie enough to give Bucky a dirty look.
“Aren't I being a pain in the ass?” Bucky asked sweetly, and Steve mentally threw up his hands. And physically, for that matter.
“Fine. Asshole.”
“Your asshole,” Bucky cooed, and Steve whipped his hand out, grabbing Bucky's hair tightly, pulling just a little bit.
“Fucking right you are.”
Bucky went limp, and his eyes practically rolled back into his head.
“Oh, yes,” Steve said softly. “Oh, Pet. You really need this, don't you?”
Bucky nodded, eyes suspiciously full.
“Oh Pet,” Steve said, and let go, opening his arms for Bucky to do a very un-Bucky-like crawl into his embrace. “My pet, my poor boy. You've been very strong and very good, and you asked so well. You were always mine, weren't you?”

Bucky nodded, and Steve thought he wasn't even trying to look pitiful – he just 
was
.

“My tired pet,” Steve soothed. “My Bucky. I'm going to take very good care of you.”
“Y'always do,” Bucky sighed, boneless in Steve's arms. “Oh.”

Steve had started stroking Bucky's hair, finger-combing it into place. This softness was usually left until later, or when Bucky was coming back to himself, but, well, everything else had changed. Why not this? It was what was needed. 
And that was Steve's job – to see what Bucky needed, and provide it.

“My pet,” he said, letting his voice change. Petulent and gloating. Bucky was his, dammit. “Mine. You need to remember that.”
Bucky made a soft sound in his throat. “I do, Steve.”
“Do you?” Steve kept petting, musing for a little bit. “I think I want proof.”
“Anything,” Bucky breathed, still curled so tightly in Steve's arms.
“First, tell me your safeword,” Steve ordered.
“Weehawken.”
“Good pet,” Steve praised, nuzzling the top of Bucky's head. It didn't quite work the same, with the long hair. “Just a little bit for tonight, I think. You've had a very hard time of it, haven't you?”

Bucky just 
sighed
, bone-deep and long, and Steve's heart absolutely broke at the sound of it. God, the things this man had survived.

“I want you to go into the bathroom and get undressed, and shower for me. No more than two minutes. I want you clean, not a raisin,” Steve said. “I will be timing you. Come back here when you're done.” He put his head to one side and thought a moment. “No clothing. I'll turn the heat up for you, though.”
Bucky nodded, and Steve gently pushed him away. “Now, pet.”
Bucky nodded again and got up, moving carefully, but easy and graceful.
Steve took a moment to exhale. Right, he didn't have long. “Jarvis, increase temperature ten degrees.” He paused. “And go into privacy mode, please.”
There was no response, but he heard the fans from the heating system start going, so that was done. Steve ducked into the kitche
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BDSM
Pet Names
Praise Kink
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Topping from the Bottom
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Established Relationship
Angry Sex
Cuddling & Snuggling
Angst
Sex Is Fun
Verbal Bondage
Collars
Come Eating
Porn with Feelings
Hand Feeding
Hand Jobs
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Bondage
Heavy BDSM
Tickle Fights
Tickling
Sex Toys
Frottage
Roleplay
Sexual Roleplay
Medical Kink
Forced Orgasm
Crying
Affection
Magical Healing Cock
Pearl Necklace
cast kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

