Work Text:






Toni: Hey, JARVIS, run playback on voice log, subroutine "recent".
JARVIS: Password?
Toni: What? Oh, right, fucking Fury, what did I—oh. [chuckles] Right. [clears throat] F 6 8 6 1 6 3 6 B U 7 4 6 8 6 9 7 3 C 4 6 7 5 7 2 7 9 K.
JARVIS: Password accepted. Running playback. ... They've given him a room without a view: thirty-second floor, overlooking a brick wall filled with windows whose blinds are always closed.  The north-facing window is broad and does not open; he tries not to read too much symbolism into the fact.They've given him a laptop and a key card.  Sharon, the young woman who impersonated a nurse, showed him how to use the key card: slide it through the slot inside the elevator, then push the floor number you want to access.  His card lets him into a gym, a small cafeteria, a floor full of offices that include Sharon's office.  She explains that his existence is still classified, so they'd prefer he stayed under the radar, but they can get him anything he needs.She doesn't point out that his key card doesn't let him onto the ground floor.  She doesn't need to.She shows him how to use the laptop: where to turn it on, how to keep it powered, how to slide his finger over the trackpad to change things on the screen.  "It's already set up for internet access," she says, without remembering to tell him what or where an internet is.  "I need to go now, but I'll check back in with you this evening."The screen has a picture of something labeled "Internet Explorer," which seems like a good start.Half an hour later, he's learned the meaning of "internet," "Google," and "Wikipedia."  By the time Sharon knocks on his door to escort him to dinner, he's read the obituaries for all the Howling Commandos, reviewed the major world events of the past seventy years, and studied up on the current state of the U.S. military and its global conflicts.He finds he doesn't have much appetite. ...
JARVIS: Time stamp 10 41 04 26 2012.
Toni: Double-check beta-voltaic conversion calculations.... By his third morning of his stay with SHIELD, Steve's contemplating asking Sharon if he can meet his parole committee.  They've provided for all his needs, yes -- a gym for his body, a computer for his mind, a sketchbook for his hands -- except the need to feel of any use.  What's more, the more he learns about the modern world, the less certain he feels that another Captain would do any good."We've got a visitor coming today," Sharon tells him over breakfast.  (She doesn't escort him to meals any more, but she's still there each time he eats a meal, making him wonder whether they're watching him inside his room or just when he leaves it.  Clever, that -- making him feel like his own prison guard.)"Oh?" he asks, raising an eyebrow, and bites into his toast."Toni Stark."Steve's hand stills.  He's read about Toni, of course -- Howard's daughter, and a news-making figure in her own right.  "Iron Woman?"Sharon shoots him the quick, startled look that appears every time he surprises her with his knowledge of the modern world.  "Yes, exactly.  We know you were close with her father, so she'll almost be a familiar face.  Plus, she's the closest thing that America has right now to -- well, someone like you.""Nice of you to bring her in," Steve nods.  Judging by the stories he's read, Toni Stark is no pawn of SHIELD; he's unsure what purpose they have for this introduction.  "What time?""As soon as we head upstairs," Sharon says.  She flashes a quick grin, a rare natural expression.  "I think that Director Fury didn't want to give you a chance to be biased by some of the stories about her, but it sounds like we're too late there.""Trust me, I've learned first-hand not to let newspaper stories dictate the measure of a man.  Or, ah, a woman."  Steve tries not to blush; seventy years later, and he's still hopeless where women are concerned."I got it."Five minutes later, they're stepping onto a floor that Steve's keycard can't access.  It's nice here, thick carpets and soft lighting, like a fancy hotel; Steve feels underdressed in his too-small SHIELD t-shirt.Sharon catches him taking in the decorations and shakes her head ruefully.  "We like to call this the Diplomacy Floor.  It's for when we need to meet with people -- government officials, industry leaders, foreign representatives -- who won't be impressed by cubicles.  Last time, Toni spent the whole meeting grumbling about the coffee we gave her, so this time, Fury sent her to the floor with a real Italian espresso machine.""Ah."  Howard Stark wasn't the type to complain about wartime accommodations, but apparently he got awfully rich after the war (or during it -- there's a whole "Controversy" section on Wikipedia about wartime profiteering).  Toni was probably born with a silver spoon in her mouth, Steve supposes.But then they're stepping into a conference room, occupied by a petite woman who's leaning back in a leather chair and propping up her legs on the hardwood conferen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Genderswap
Developing Relationship
Bisexuality
steve has a slight foot fetish
but he thinks he's subtle about it

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

