Work Text:
Steve took a deep breath when he got off the plane. The flight hadn’t been so bad, but so many different people and smells had made him feel really claustrophobic. Sam, that total asshole, had been a ridiculously cheerful passenger.“Steve, come on, the last time I was on a plane I was getting shot at. This is great, look – there’s even a movie.” He’d grinned, plugging in his headphones. “This is great. Best vacation ever.”They hit an air pocket an hour and a half in that made Steve’s heart skip violently, but that had been all, and although he had been hyper aware of every little rumble of the engines it hadn’t been so bad – he was still happy to get his feet on solid ground.“Smells like vacation.” Sam said, throwing an arm around Steve’s skinny shoulders and taking a deep lungful of air. He wasn’t wrong – there was something different about the air, it was sweeter, cleaner, than New York could ever be. “Smells like sun, sea and sand.” Sam grinned, pulling Steve towards the terminal. “Smells like relaxation and nothing at all like work.”Steve nodded, feet tripping up over themselves as he half jogged to keep up with Sam. They’d been best friends for years, met through a penpal programme as kids at school (Steve in New York, a foster care kid – and Sam in DC, with his perfect nuclear family) Steve sending care packages to Sam when he was deployed and Steve was at college, and then they’d become roommates when Sam was discharged. It had been a great couple of years, and resulted in FalCap – their brainchild after Steve told Sam he was pretty sure that he’d worked out how to rob the bank they lived across the street from after being bored witless with another bout of flu.Sam had laughed, and then got serious. “You’re kidding, right?”“No, I think I could do it. I mean, I wouldn’t do it… but I think I could, you know?”They’d written it down, planned it out, and then a month later, asked to talk to the manager.FalCap made their name breaking and entering secure locations, and then helping the businesses block those weak points – Sam liked to tell dates he was a professional criminal, which always got the reaction he was looking for. He got a lot of dates. “Everyone loves a bad boy.” He’d wink.It had been wildly successful, and Steve was proud to say they hired 15 people from their New York base. They had just finished working with Pepper Potts, the CEO of Stark Industries on a massive project that took up almost 6 months of constant work. When Sam had joking told Mz Potts that they’d need a vacation after it was over, she insisted on offering them a two week ‘loan’ of the private villa on the exclusive resort her partner Tony owned.“No, I insist.” She’d told them, when they’d refused. “It’s sitting empty right now, with Tony working in the R&D labs constantly. It’ll be good to get it aired out. Just let me know when you plan on going, I’ll call ahead.”Three months later, they were waiting on their bags on the conveyer belt with a plane full of other passengers. “I’m so ready for this, man, I tell ya.” Sam said on a stretch. “I already feel relaxed.”Steve rolled his eyes. They’d both worked so hard in the last 6 months, but it felt like taking a holiday was… irresponsible. They were leaving the company in the hands of their staff – who were obviously very good at their jobs – but Steve didn’t like to think that he wasn’t doing his part. Mz Potts seemed to understand, she’d told Steve when Sam had left that the villa had wifi and an office he could use. Steve may have neglected to tell Sam about that.Their bags were one of the last on the belt, which Steve thought was pretty typical of his luck, but Sam’s buoyant good mood was contagious. The airport was open and airy, with the large glass windows letting in the bright summer sun. Steve could see the glint of the ocean in the distance, with no massive hotels in the way. It was a popular destination, but the major draw was how the resorts were mainly villas and smaller, more personal (Steve understood that to mean more expensive) hotels run by locals.Sam took both of their bags. Sam kept his burlap from the Air Force, which he threw over his shoulder with ease despite the weight, and Steve’s larger suitcase rolled along beside him, clipping his ankle or threatening to tip over occasionally. Steve carried their hand luggage, which had his laptop and medication, as well as a couple half empty bottles of water and snacks. The backpack was nowhere near as heavy as the cases, but Sam had insisted he was fine. “Come on, man, I carry twice this for work.” He paused, something having caught his eye in the arrivals lounge. “Look, that’s us!” The driver, who had been holding up a poster that said ‘FalCap’, took their bags and led them to a large, air-conditioned jeep that seemed out of place among the busses and taxis. Their villa was on the other side of the island, and the driver pointed out several interesting things as he drove. “I’m Clint,” He told them as he l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Vacation
holiday romance
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Misunderstandings
Mutual Pining
Self-Esteem Issues
mention of physical abuse of a minor (not explicit)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Sam Wilson

