Chapter 1: Relax
    




Chapter Text
“…I don’t feel so good…” Peter muttered out, letting the glass of orange juice slip from his hand and shatter against the wood floor below, his body clumsily swaying from side to side as his stability left him. As he struggled to keep his heavy eyelids from shutting, the tainted mercenary watched on from the other side of the kitchen table at its seated mate, examining the naked human’s condition while the medicine from his drink slowly began to take effect. Peter reached up to weakly hold his aching head as the world spun violently around him, his eyes barely strong enough to shoot it a looming glare. “What…have you done…to me…?” Peter struggled to say, only to receive the gentlest of smiles in return.“What we’ve done every morning, baby boy.”It could see mate’s body tense at the words, but the creature had become numb to the human’s daily questioning. After all, the tainted mercenary had been drugging its mate with amnesia inducing pills for two weeks now...Peter reached up to grasp the table, probably preparing to run, and the creature sighed. He was so predictable. It was the same routine, every morning.Disbelief.Questioning.Escape attempt.It was the same routine, every morning. Predictable, but entertaining to see him try...But today was different.When Peter did manage to stand up, however, something new happen. Instead of maintaining his balance and stumbling his way to the door or the window, he eyes shut and his body went completely limp. His head drooped slowly to the side as his legs buckled underneath of his weight before dropping to the floor like a bag of rocks.The creature sat there for a moment, processing what it just witnessed.“Sssspider?” it called out, standing from its seat and raising an invisible eyebrow as it looked down at the unconscious hero. Despite knowing what it did, this reaction seemed a little, strange. Maybe he was having a bad reaction to the medicine...after all, it was the first time the creature had doubled the dosage due to mate’s trouble staying relaxed the night before.But even though the creature expected mate to stay asleep longer, it didn’t expect this. Peter never fainted this way while they were still at the table. Venom frowned at the sight, then walked around the table and knelt beside him.“Too much…” it muttered to itself before sighing. Far too much medicine…The creature reached under the unconscious human and lifted him up from the cold floor, reeling him into its warmer arms.It carried him to the bedroom, then laid him down on their comforter. It reached down, brushing the hair from his face for a better look. Beautiful...It leaned down, pressing its lips against the side of his mouth. The single kiss progressed, the creature slipping its tongue past its mate’s lips, exploring the insides of his mouth. A hand snaked down, sliding across the human’s chest and down his stomach...gripping the heat between his thighs and giving it a tug. Eventually it reached over and snagged the bottle of lube on the nightstand, flicking it open with its thumb.The creature hummed, lifting Peter's leg. It tilted the bottle, spilling an excessive amount between his thighs.“We know...it'sss cold...” it muttered, but continued pouring the liquid until much of the bottle was used. Deeming it used enough, Venom tossed the bottle to the side and laid on its side, molding its front against its mate's back..........It took its time, rolling its hips slowly, careful not to make it hurt. It pressed its face against his hair, breathing him in as it consumed its unconscious mate.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Symbiote
Peter Parker/Symbiote

freeform: 
Obsession
Mental Health Issues
Drugs
Rape/Non-con Elements
Unconscious Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Stalking
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Non-Consensual Groping
Coma
Temporary Amnesia
Hospital
Male Nurse
Fear
Rejection
Hatred
Heartbreak
Unrequited Love
Romance
lovemaking
so many apologies
Love Triangles
Love Squares?
is that even a thing?
Happy Ending
seriously
But It Gets Bad Before It Gets Better
Spideypool - Freeform
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Eddie Brock/Symbiote
Peter Parker/Symbiote

