Work Text:
Matt's just knocked down the third of his opponents when an arrow strikes the shoulder of the second who'd been struggling to his feet. With a growl Matt focuses and turns his head in Hawkeye's direction.
'I thought we agreed Hell's Kitchen was mine,' Mall calls as he grabs his batons and rises. He can hear the dings of Captain America's shield as it rebounds off a shipping container to Matt's left and Stark's repulsors are nearly loud enough to drown out the fighting of Black Widow near him.
'Yeah, well. Hydra is ours so...' Matt senses Hawkeye's shrug as he shoots another arrow. 'We figured you wouldn't object to the help.'
He won't ever admit it but Matt does appreciate the help. He'd only managed to take down three of the guards before the Avengers shown up and they'd been as tough a fight as any Matt's ever had. It seems cultists are a step up from criminals. Who'd have thought it?
'What are you after?' Hawkeye asks as Matt jumps up onto the container beside him.
'My information says they've been taking children off the streets. Not sure why; but no one's found any of the kids once they were taken.' Matt cocks his head, focusing. 'I tracked them here after interrupting their last kidnapping attempt.'
Hawkeye takes a deep breath. 'Shit.' He taps his ear, 'Guys, Daredevil was tracking kidnap victims here. Children. Be careful.
Matt smirks at the chorus of 'Shit' that comes over Hawkeye's comm - and that he can hear in the distance from the other Avengers.
'Bruce, you and Thor are definitely sitting this one out.' Captain America says, 'Hawkeye, does Daredevil know where they are?'
Hawkeye doesn't get the chance to relay the question before Matt's shaking his head. 'I can't h... I don't know where they are. Fairly sure it's one of these containers though.'
'Daredevil says probably one of the containers in my section. We'll look through them.'

'Copy. Iron Man, cover them.'

Matt jumps down from the container before Captain America's finished speaking, extending his senses to try to see if he can pick up a single sign of the kids. He's vaguely aware of Hawkeye heading in the opposite direction, opening containers carefully. While the metal muffles a lot of what Matt can hear, he doesn't need to open the-
The only warning Matt gets is the click of the trigger before the world explodes. He's knocked off his feet but it's a far smaller explosion than the ones that destroyed the Russians and doesn't knock him - or his hearing - out.
'Hawkeye! Daredevil!' voices call, footsteps moving in their direction. But Matt's on his feet and staggering towards where he last sensed Hawkeye. It takes him a moment to focus through the smoke and flames but then he hears the measured huffs of a man breathing.
Matt falls to his knees beside the man and focuses. He's unconscious, definitely broken a few ribs and Matt can taste the blood. But he's alive and breathing relati-
Suddenly he gasps as he regains consciousness. Matt has a hand on his shoulders in a moment. 'Stay down, you're injured.'
'Daredevil? What?' He struggles to get up, ignoring Matt.
'Stay down!' Matt snaps, annoyed when Hawkeye doesn't stop struggling. 'Hawkeye, don't move!'
'I...what? Daredevil... Daredevil I can't hear you. I can't hear you.' Matt sucks in a surprised breath as Hawkeye starts to panic. 'I can't hear; oh God.'
Matt flashes back to a world suddenly gone dark; the panic of sudden change and the fear and pain that'd made him scream. He moves so his lips are in Hawkeye's sight line and puts a finger to his lips. 'Shhh, it's okay,' he enunciates. 'You're injured. I'm going to help.'
It's then the rest of the Avengers arrive and push Matt aside. He lets them but not before squeezing Hawkeye's shoulder.  
********
The next night Matt makes his way to Avengers Tower, slipping on his suit as close to the building as is possible. He's never been but he knows there's a secret entrance somewhere around he-
'Daredevil,' a British voice says and Matt manages not to jump. 'How may I assist you?'
'I wanted to see how Hawkeye was doing.'
There's a long pause then, ''Hawkeye' has agreed to see you. The elevator is the door to your right.' Matt touches the wall to his right. 'Two steps further right.'
'Thank you.'
*********
Making his way through the glass of the tower is a challenge but Matt knows he's found the right room when he has to dodge a dart fired at his head. He smirks in Hawkeye's direction.
'Nice try,' he says as usual. But instead of his usual snarking reply Hawkeye just drops the bow with a sigh. 'Hawkeye?'
'They think my hearing loss is permanent so there's no point in talking at me. I'm not going to hear it. Ever.' He's lying in a bed, so Matt moves across the room to perch on the edge of it. 'Was I too quiet?'
Matt shakes his head. 'Can you read lips?'
A long silence then, 'Sometimes. I'm a sniper; I picked up a bit of skill at it.'
'Good,' Matt says making sure Hawkeye can see his lips. 'Because my handwriting is atrocious. It would 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock

