Work Text:






Margaritaville"But I'm Iron Man!" Tony Stark protested as four thugs masquerading as beautiful women tried to force him out of his beloved workshop. And no matter what any of them claimed later, it was a very manly protest not a whine!"Yes, Tony, we know," Pepper Potts said using her height to unfair advantage as she pushed to dislodge him from his death-grip on the threshold."I'm an Avenger!""That's nice," Betty Ross replied as she pulled from his other side, her even greater freakish height deployed against him."Damnit, I'm a guy!""If you say so," answered Darcy Lewis, who at least had the decency to be shorter than him, while she worked on prying loose his right hand."That all means I can't be a member of your secret Avengers' girlfriends club!" Okay, that may have been a wail."Technically, Coulson isn't an Avenger, so we think of it more of a 'girlfriends of major badasses' club," Jane Foster corrected him. She was working on his left hand and, like Darcy, he was more inclined to forgive her since they were the same 'decidedly not taller than Tony' height."I'm one of those badasses," he reminded them which was a tactical error since it was basically a rerun of his first point and Pepper hated redundancy."Tony, let go or I swear I'll tell Steve you made one of us cry!"He froze, his eyes widening in horror. Steve Rogers had adapted to the modern world with crazy fast speed, but he still had some old fashioned ideas of how to treat ladies. Even when they were a bunch of bullying thugs. "You wouldn't!""I would," she announced without shame. "The guacamole is going to turn brown!"Wait. "Guacamole?""We like themed meetings. It's margarita night," Darcy said, and maybe he wouldn't fire her from being his assistant after all. Besides, Pepper would only rehire her like she had at least two other times."Do I get one?" he asked – a legitimate question given he'd been banned from anything worth drinking – booze- or caffeine-wise – for a week now."One," Betty answered or rather Dr. Ross did given she'd been playing doctor with him – and not in the fun way – for the same awful week. Just his luck that his science bro had hooked back up with his ex and had moved her into the Tower so they had a resident doctor. It was enough to give Tony hives."Why didn't you say so in the first place?" he asked and let them drag him off to their stupid clubhouse before they completely overpowered him. Teach him to install a gym in his Tower. He was fit, but so, damnit all, were they, and there were four of the harpies and only one of him!Of course 'stupid clubhouse' wasn't a great fit with a large room in Stark Tower, especially one designed under Pepper's exacting instructions. It was as elegant as she was; the furniture comfortable and luxurious, the entertainment center state-of-the-art and the overall feel was inviting. Except for one detail – the walls were decorated with various portraits or scenes featuring Lois Lane, including one gorgeous mural Tony just knew Steve had done though Fury knew where he'd gotten the time to do it between saving the world and the highest-maintenance boyfriend of all time.His staring was apparently enough to ask the obvious question since Jane said, "We call ourselves the Lois Lane League.""L3 for short," Darcy added around a chip laden with guacamole.No. Just. No. He tried to bolt. The bitches piled on him and pinned him to the sofa before he could take more than two steps toward the door. And how was this proper care of an injured man? "Damnit! I'm not Lois, I'm –" He almost said Superman, but that would have been stupid since he couldn't get away and, while Tony had many faults, stupidity did not number among them. "Iron Man!" he finished which was lame because he couldn't think of a fictional hero running around in armor."No one knows that," Betty said like it should mean something other than Tony not wanting his ass sued every time Iron Man sneezed. She was closest to his head and he glared at her."How is that relevant? All the DC heroes have secret identities!""Tony, this is the real world and they aren't the norm here." He shifted his glare to Jane. She just stared back at him with those stupid doe-eyes of hers. And no, they weren't. But Richards was always fending off law suits – kind of Tony's earlier point on not admitting who he was – while his co-Avengers were either a citizen/god of Asgard with diplomatic immunity or agents of the government so they had substantial on-the-job immunity and pay checks that wouldn't restore a hot dog cart. But Tony? Damn straight he was as worth suing as he was unwilling to work full-time for any shadowy government agency."Less than twenty people know who Iron Man is," Pepper said going for her best scowl of disapproval. Ouch! "But everyone knows Steve is Captain America.""And someone tried to kill you because he lo – dates you," Darcy finished up and managed to snag another chip, then handed it to him. "That makes you one of us."He gave 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

