Chapter 1: Part One: Spellcast in Tandem
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

GODCHILD

-- PART ONE --
A wake of sorcery bleeds out along the battlefield, like water flowing over the edge of a glass.  Its potency is a siren-song, luring Loki to it as a moth moves toward flame. On this occasion, it is not Loki’s misdeeds that have called the Avengers to action, though it is the achievement of a great sorcerer-- Loki has not felt a power that rivals his own in a long time.  
The God of Mischief treads carefully as he follows the slipstream of magic down a narrow passageway between two brick buildings.  He senses something close by, but faint and insignificant, a lesser creature, whatever it may be is not strong enough to be the fount of this magic signature.  The Avengers are overhead on the rooftops, fighting some great beast that is surely just a distraction for the superhero team. They are not yet aware of his presence and Loki would like to keep it that way.
A soft whimpering attracts his attention back to the scene before him.  Steam billows up from a storm drain, obscuring the end of the alley.  As Loki peers through the vapors, Mjolnir comes into view, head on the ground, handle upturned towards him, a dark unyielding shape against the undulating white.  
Surprise and a touch of something colder unfurl within him.  Glancing skyward, he catches a glimpse of Iron Man between the gap of the buildings, whirling overhead in a streak of red. Loki knows Thor would not sideline his beloved weapon in the midst of battle, not unless he couldn’t summon the hammer, and so the question comes to his mind unbidden, What trouble has Thor aggravated that he is bereft of Mjolnir?
The whimpering grows into sobbing and Loki waves the steam away with a sweep of his arm to reveal a blond haired boy wandering across the cracked pavement. The child has a dazed look about him, his blue eyes wander unfocused, his face red and wet with tears. He’s wearing nothing but an oversized shirt which falls around him like a robe.  In the January weather, he shivers visibly and Loki wonders where on earth this child could have come from, particularly dressed like this.
The child stumbles over Mjolnir and falls to the ground.  Loki starts and not because the child is crying anew, but because Mjolnir shifted a small measure as the boy’s weight leaned against it.  The hammer moves for no one save for the God of Thunder himself.
“Thor?” Loki questions and before he becomes fully aware of what he’s doing, Loki sweeps in, snatching the child into his arms. The boy is small, but his embrace is strong.  An aura of magic stains him, a nerve ending raw shock of power dripping down his person like a thick coat of paint.  Loki feels its awesome force bristling against his skin, and realizes it is ensnared deeply into the child with a barb-like hold.   
Loki pulls back some and runs his fingers through the blond hair then cups his small face between his hands.  Despite being red rimmed and tear filled, there’s no mistaking those blue eyes. This child is Thor.
“Thor, do you know me?” Loki asks.  “Do you know who I am?”
Big eyes stare up at him and he shakes his head, a look of panic on his face.  
“I am who you call brother,” Loki says.
“Loki?” he asks, his voice high and small with newfound juvenescence.  
“Yes, that’s right,” Loki replies, and for some reason grateful that little Thor remembers him.
Anxiety still creases his tiny brow. There are questions there that are too profound for Thor to understand, let alone voice. He’s clearly in shock having been thrust into the mind and body of a child. Loki finds himself contemplating the unthinkable.  
“Do not worry, little one,” Loki says. “I will take you home.”  
Having Thor in his possession is a valuable asset, he reasons, a bartering chip against the Avengers. Perhaps he can even influence child Thor to follow his commands.  That would really nettle his teammates.  Furthermore, Loki cannot let sorcery like this slip through his fingers.  Taking Thor with him would allow ample time to study the magic that has transformed him.
“Home to mother?” Thor asks him in a small voice, his eyes round and innocent. A stab of feeling twists loose inside of Loki. Standing vulnerable in his grasp, Thor’s little hands clutch his arms in absolute trust. It’s startling to think that his oafish brute of an older brother was ever this tiny and defenseless.
When he looks into the boy’s innocent face, a compulsion to shelter him from all the ills of the world grips him wholly. Where in all the nine realms this impulse comes from, he knows not. But before he can answer Thor, Iron Man is plummeting down from above. He lands with a loud clang and Thor clutches Loki’s arm, frightened.
In one quick motion, Loki snatches Thor up into his arms, holding the child protectively against his body as he stands to face the Avenger.
“Hiding behind a kindergartener? That’s low, ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
kid!Thor
Protective!Loki
Transformation
Domestic
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Sibling Love
Devotion
Sibling Bonding

fandom: 
Loki & Thor

