Chapter 1: WTF Loki
    


Summary:

What the hell was Odin thinking!?



Notes:
Kudos and comments are electronic chocolate... just saying...

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 Permalink incase the picture is not viewable http://rennemichaels.tumblr.com/post/132526504693/heidiblack-i-may-or-may-not-have-done-a  
Chapter #1 - WTF Loki
“Sir, I hesitate to interrupt you while Ms. Potts is waiting for those documents, but atmospheric conditions indicate that the Bi-Frost will be opening shortly.” The AI sounded far more apologetic than Tony considered necessary.Well, thank God for that, Tony thought gleefully, throwing down his pen and pushing away a huge pile of contracts that had been awaiting his signature for the last two weeks.“I have already notified Captain Rogers and the others.”Standing, Tony patted his jeans into place and ran a smoothing hand down the front of his black Metallica t-shirt. “Tell them I’ll be right up, Jarv. Oh, and fire up the coffee maker. I could use a fresh cup.”OoooOTony and Bruce met up in the Tower's communal kitchen before the others appeared. Tony was looking for a cup of life-enhancing coffee, Bruce for some of his soothing roadside weeds to drown in boiling water.Coffee in hand, and a rumpled Bruce trailing behind him, Tony headed through the living room, out the huge glass door, and onto the terrace. After a moment, the casually dressed, boringly beige Rogers joined them.“Hey Cap,” Tony called over the top of his cup.“Tony. Bruce.” Steve replied, nodding to each of them in turn and looking thoughtful. “I wonder if Thor is going to be staying and training with us or if he is just popping in to say hello before heading out to Dr. Foster’s.”Steve paused to ponder, no doubt going over how Thunder Bolt could be utilized in their next exercise, as Clint and Natasha eased into the room. Or rather, when Tasha did. Instead of the stealth ninja moves of his partner, Clint just did his off duty shamble. He was seemingly more interested in what was on his phone than the return of a teammate. At least he was until they looked over at the reinforced concrete pad that Heimdude used as a target to discover that Thor wasn’t alone.Although the Danger Twins were both attired in SHIELD gym wear, Nat pulled two pistols out of fuck knows where, and Barton whipped a pistol of his own from a back holster. Their surprise visitor, Prince Psychopath, made a ‘Bitch Please’ face before assuming a parade rest. Feet spread in an aggressively dominant stance, his hands clasped behind him, Loki was in full on crazy bastard mode. Despite looking down the barrels of guns being held by two people who really wanted him dead, everything from his posture to his smirk let them know that guns or no, Loki, God of Mischief, didn’t fear the Avengers one tiny bit.Perhaps he's counting on the fact that his bag of cats still had nine lives left? Which could be very possible, Tony mused. From comments Thor had made over the years, it was apparently almost impossible to kill the son of a bitch.“Pikachu, what is Maleficent doing back on Earth? I thought he would be tied to a rock with his own entrails or something.”“Tony,” Bruce admonished softly while Tony traded sneers with the raven haired psycho. Bruce may have been able to play it cool, but Tony could see that Steve was so upset he was practically clutching his pearls. Guns held steady, Mr. and Mrs. Smith traded sibilant whispers back and forth while shooting glares at Thor’s wayward little brother. Tony just hoped they let Thor speak before they decided to shoot something else, like say, bullets at the cocky bastard.“Peace, my friends; Loki is here with the All Father’s approval,” Thor soothed, stepping in front of his psychotic little brother. Loki merely grimaced, rolling his eyes in full diva mode.“Yes. Well.” As Tony glanced around at his teammates, it was all he could do not to mimic Flawed Design’s eye roll. “I am sure that would make us all feel a lot better… if maybe it wasn’t up to him to decide if Baby Bad* here was allowed back on our planet?”A clap of thunder boomed in the cloudless sky, indicating to those in the know that Blondie was not happy with anyone questioning his dad’s decisions. No matter how jacked up they might be.“Thor,” Steve interrupted, stepping forward as Thor transferred his scowl from Tony to Captain Tight Pants, “why exactly did your dad think it would be a good idea to send Loki here?” Loki’s smile widened until it became a shark like grin.OoooODespite the tacked on excuses, the real reason Loki was gracing them with his presence had nothing to do with helping earth.Big surprise there, Tony groused sourly to himself.And, from the equally sour expressions on Clint and Steve’s faces, it didn’t appear that Tony was the only one who thought so. Bruce, of course, was deep into his Zen, so there was no telling what he was thinking, and Natasha… Well, the only time Natasha’s face gave u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
frostiron freefrom
Humor
Loki is a brat
Tony is not amused
poor steve
Loki Does What He Wants
Warning: Loki
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Avengers (2012)
FrostIron - Freeform
Frost Iron - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

