Work Text:
The first Clint knows something is wrong is when the doctor frowns at his test results and draws a lot more blood. No, that's not right. Okay, that might be the first he knows something was wrong, but everything has been off since Loki crawled into his head and Natasha knocked him out again. Clint had never really thought about how the people around him smelled, beyond setting the automatic mental marker of alpha, beta, omega. But since waking up strapped to an infirmary bed with Natasha sitting over him, everyone smells different. More...more a lot of things.So he'd been expecting the first set of blood work. The docs would find whatever was screwing with his senses and they'd fix it, right? But then they pull a second set of samples and there's another physical exam after... A chill goes through him and his stomach turns over. What if Loki isn't gone? What if his sense of smell is just a symptom of the bastard lurking in there, screwing with Clint's brain?The doctor isn't talking and Clint doesn't want to ask, isn't sure he wants to know, but she frowns more with every set of test results. Hours go by and Clint feels like ants are crawling around under his skin. He's asked if he can leave and been told no, but nothing else.He's pacing in the examination room when the door opens. He knows before he even looks up that it's Coulson, but laying eyes on the man and his unshakably calm expression washes most of the twitchiness out of Clint. He takes a deep breath and oh, Coulson smells good, even better than before, all warm and safe and something else, something that makes the last crawling fear in Clint's belly quiet down and uncoil.Clint takes another deep breath and nods at his handler. "It's good to see you, sir," he says. "Thor said you had a near miss." Apparently, Thor had shouted a warning just in time for Coulson to turn and smoke Loki with the Destroyer weapon. Unfortunately, a gun powerful enough to knock a demi-god through a wall also had a hell of a recoil; Coulson had been thrown across the room and knocked unconscious. He hadn't been found until the battle was over.Coulson smiles wryly. "Not my finest hour," he says, "but everything worked out in the end."Clint looks Coulson in the eye. "Are we sure about that, sir? I'm still in medical.""About that. The doctor and I need to have a word with you." Coulson raps on the door and the doctor comes in. "You might want to sit down."Clint looks from Coulson to the doctor and back again. After a moment he hauls himself up to sit on the exam bed. Coulson moves to stand next to him, facing the doctor, and Clint relaxes a little at the show of support."Agent Barton," the doctor says, "I'm honestly not sure how this happened. It shouldn't even be possible.""Would you please tell me what 'this' is," Clint says tightly. "I'm ready to go out of my mind here." He winces at his own words. God, he hopes not. A warm hand presses against his shoulder blade and Clint glances at Coulson in surprise even as his muscles unwind automatically. The handler wasn't usually much for physical gestures. Coulson nods at the doctor and Clint shifts his attention again.The doctor pauses, then shakes her head. "You've undergone a physical change, Agent Barton. Presumably some time during the period you were controlled, your gender changed. You're no longer a beta male.""What?" Clint stares. "Then what am I?""You're now an omega," the doctor says. "I ran the blood work twice, Agent Barton, and when the results were the same I double checked your sexual characteristics. You have every physical and hormonal characteristic of a normal, healthy, sexually mature omega male.""But that's--" Clint cuts himself off at 'impossible'. He'd been mind-controlled for days by an alien. What was impossible? It certainly explains why everyone smells different; they might be putting out the same pheromones, but those mean something different to an omega than to a beta. He swallows heavily. "Am I going to change back?""There's no indication that the change is unstable," the doctor says. "Frankly, if you weren't on record as a beta, I'd have assumed your omega state was natural born.""Jesus." Clint rubs his hands over his face. A thought strikes. "Does that mean I'm going to go into heat?"The doctor nods. "Yes. In about two weeks, judging by your hormone levels."Clint looks at Coulson, bewildered. "What the hell am I supposed to do with this, sir?"The doctor looks at Coulson, too; he waves her away and turns to face Clint more directly, hitching himself up to half sit on the exam bed. "The good news is, SHIELD has a very broad non-discrimination policy when it comes to gender," he says. "There won't be a problem with you continuing with the Avengers or going on SHIELD ops." Clint nods, feeling dizzy. He hadn't even thought of that. "And the bad news?""Barton." Coulson pauses. "Clint. You smell different. In the middle of battle I doubt anyone was paying much attention, but people are going to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
omega!Clint
alpha!Phil
Knotting
Watersports
D/s elements

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

