Work Text:
"There's something you should know before you play with my toy," Bruce said calmly.   He was sitting on the couch in Tony's bedroom, fully clothed, fingers twined in Tony's hair tight enough to make Tony's scalp hurt when they tensed.  "It's a hand-me-down -- been used by a few too many people -- so some of the elastic's a bit loose.  There's still plenty that you can do with it, though."Clint nodded, glancing briefly at the naked man kneeling in front of them.  "Mind if I take a look before we get started?""Be my guest," Bruce said.  "Tony, down.  Display yourself."The cock-shaped gag in Tony's mouth prevented a verbal response, but he was better trained than that, anyway.  He bent over in his kneeling position until his forehead rested on the floor, then raised up his ass so Clint had a good view of it.  Sliding in two fingers from each hand without resistance, he pulled it open, letting Clint look into him, pink and glistening with lube."Nice," Clint said appreciatively.  Without bothering to slick up his fingers -- Tony was plenty wet already -- he thrust three fingers into Tony's gaping hole, feeling around the inside edge until he found Tony's prostate.  When he massaged it roughly with his fingers, Tony's ass twitched around him, but he still didn't tighten up.  "Very nice.  How much can it take?""I've run a few experiments," Bruce said.  His eyes glittered with pleasure and good memories.  "Right now, without further stretching, you can use your fist pretty easily.  Two might take some patience, but it'll take them.  I've jerked off a few times inside it; that's really fun, the way it adds a little extra pressure around my hand.  Comfortable."Clint smiled appreciatively, imagining the possibilities.  "What about the other guy?"Bruce laughed shortly.  "He loves fucking our toy.  Some days, I'll let it go all day without anything up its ass, just so that the other guy can open it back up again, good and tight.  Once, the other guy decided that it wasn't enough for him, so he stuck one of those thick fingers in there along with his cock."  The smile on Bruce's face got distant and pleased.  "God, that was nice afterward.  It kept begging me to let it just stay in the bathroom, because it couldn't stop itself from shitting without a plug, and I wanted to see that loose red hole.  It's such a slut," he added fondly.Clint glanced back down.  Tony was still maintaining the same position, though his muscles trembled slightly with the effort.  Clint lowered one finger in, like a game of Operation, poking at Tony's raw insides without touching anywhere around the edge.  Drawing back his finger for a second, he flicked the walls of Tony's hole, watching them quiver in response. "Yeah, I'm gonna have fun playing with it.  You wanted to stay and watch, right?""Oh yeah," Bruce nodded.  "It'll be nice to see it make a mess of itself without getting me dirty in the process.""Heh, I bet.  It looks like it loves getting itself filthy.""You have no idea.  Sometimes I have it come into the bathroom with me so I can use it as a toilet and piss into it, and it gets so hard with my piss pouring back out of it.  I've thought about getting it a cock cage to help it out, but I have to admit that it's more fun to teach it self-control.""Mmmm," Clint nodded.  "All right then, come on over."  He hooked his fingers into Tony's asshole and dragged him half-crawling over to the bed, which had been fitted with rubber bedsheets for easier cleaning.  "Up," he said, hauling Tony onto the bed with his slicked-up handhold.Clint surveyed his toy, as well as the selection of supplemental toys that Bruce had spread on a bedside table.  Then he glanced over to the other table nearby: Tony's private liquor cabinet. "So I'm thinking that what I really want is to fill it with one of those fancy liquors, get that thousand-dollar glass bottle nice and filthy.  I don't want to damage your toy with broken glass, though, so I guess we'd better let it stretch out a bit first.""If you want," Bruce shrugged.  "It's so loose that it'll be fine either way, and it knows how to be careful.  Once I took it to the lab with me, used it to hold my beakers.  There were some pretty caustic chemicals in there, and it didn't spill a drop.  It did get the floor a little wet, though -- after the first couple of hours in the same place, it kept crying.  Almost as if it didn't want to be a good toy for me.""Seems to be behaving pretty well now.  I just don't like to damage other people's stuff, you know?  Well, other people I like.  Okay if I just do some good fist-fucking?  I know you've got some nice toys over there, but I like hands-on play.""It's yours to enjoy," Bruce said, nodding."Sweet.  Okay, hands out of your ass.  Grab onto that bedpost and don't let go; if you move, I'm gonna have to throw a few sticks of ginger in there or something."  Tony followed the instructions immediately, and Clint decided to graciously overlook the fact that he paused t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark/Hulk

freeform: 
PWP
Objectification
anal stretching
Object Insertion
Fisting
Dom/sub
Size Kink
Sensation Play
Gags
Orgasm Delay/Denial
misuse of single malts
Butt Plugs
Double Penetration
Bukkake
Wet & Messy
seriously this is extremely filthy
Risk Aware Consensual Kink

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark/Hulk

