Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“So which of you is gonna take one for the team?” 
Tony Stark snarked out the question that the rest of the Avengers assembled in the tiny cabin were too tactful to ask. When none of the others answered, he continued more seriously,
“Lewis is not gonna be able to travel as is, and we’ve got maybe two hours tops before this location is compromised.”
This statement of fact was punctuated by an animalistic wail, suddenly more audible from the small bathroom attached to the back of the dusty log cabin. Unfortunately, it was the only source of privacy available to the miserable Omega inside. Jane Foster, dishevelled in her days-old clothes and desperately in need of a hairbrush, pulled her fraying lab coat tightly around herself and quickly shut the door behind her. She rejoined the group congregated by the front door, as far from the bathroom as they could get while still remaining inside the little shack.
“How is she?” asked Agent Romanoff brusquely.
“Not good. She’s angry with herself about getting into this situation in the first place, but really, how could either of us have planned to be kidnapped out from under the noses of the Avengers and Stark Tower’s security by a radical Hydra cell obsessed with building a bridge through space for their alien messiah figure? It’s not like she forgot to enter that into our google calendar.”
Jane sounded defensive, but she could hardly help it when faced with the wall of dominance before her. At least she stood something of a chance as a bonded Beta facing off against three Alphas in the midst of a life-or-death rescue mission gone wrong. Her assistant couldn’t even breathe the same air as them at the moment. Poor Darcy, Jane thought for the hundredth time that day. If this disaster was anyone’s fault it was Jane’s, for letting Darcy stand up to their captors, for having all the wrong reactions that got Darcy caught up in this mess. Jane was the rational scientist, the one they wanted, but Darcy had insisted they had to go through her first, and instead of killing her, they noticed Jane’s terrified reaction and took Darcy with them to keep Jane in line. For four long, miserable days they’d been moved around the world, landing a day ago in the Siberian stronghold where the rescue team finally caught up with them. Usually a few days without the pills would be no problem, as Omegas often took months to return to their cycles after going off suppressants. Unfortunately, Darcy seemed to be one of the few cases where the abrupt change in hormones triggered an immediate heat.
Through the whole ordeal Darcy had been so fearless, so loyal, that Jane had been humbled and grateful to have such a friend in her corner. Even when she’d started to feel the effects of her heat, she’d been brave and quick witted, using her highly distracting scent to confuse their attackers during their escape rather than give them an edge. And now look what Darcy got for it. With Thor on Asgard, they’d had to settle for four of Earth’s own superheroes, currently standing before her rolling their eyes in disgust. At least, Jane thought it was disgust. It was possible it could be something even uglier. Captain America had barely opened his eyes since setting foot into the dim cabin, looking as though he was suffering extreme indigestion, and his shadow, the ex-Winter Soldier, wasn’t much better. He usually looked somewhat sick to his stomach on missions though, so it was hard to tell. The Black Widow looked almost as poised as usual, but her jaw tensed and her nostrils flared as if encountering a particularly pungent smell. As if Darcy could help her pheromones. Jane narrowed her eyes, and Tony held up his hands in their metal gauntlets.
“We’re not saying this is her fault, Foster,” Tony began, spoiling it by muttering, “though if she’d been on the injection as she’d been advised, we wouldn’t be having this problem—”
“Darcy was perfectly within her rights to choose the form her suppressants take! She did nothing wrong!” Jane spit indignantly, flailing her thin arms.  “I won’t stand here and let you insult her. You know what? If this is what it takes to get rescued around here, I’d rather head back to the frozen dungeon and wait for Thor to get back from Asgard. He may be from another world, but at least he doesn’t share your disgustingly chauvinistic attitude about perfectly natural and involuntary bodily functions.”
Captain America still didn’t open his eyes, but dropped his hands and took a steadying breath through his mouth.
“Let’s not be hasty Ma’am,” Steve said respectfully.  “We’re going to get you and Miss Lewis home, but we need to come up with some options about how we can make that happen under the circumstances. We’d been counting on staying under their radar, but now that’s...not feasible.”
He turned to the Black Widow and just barely slit his eyes open. “Tasha, what’re we looking at?”
“The ext
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Rescue Missions
rescue gone wrong
alternate biology
totally the most graphic thing I have ever written
Yikes
still sort of silly though
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Or a lifetime of hugs
antagonist!Steve
sociological implications of ABO
alternate procreative identities
not rapey
just weird

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

