Work Text:





It would be a lie for Tony to claim he'd forgiven Loki. He didn't think any of them really had, in fact. Maybe not even Thor. For his own part, Tony just wasn't the kind to forgive anyone easily, and especially not invading alien assholes who almost splattered him all over the sidewalk. Okay? No. That was going to take a while, if it ever happened at all.
But then it had turned out there was like a metric fuck-ton of weird and horrible circumstances and well, they could all relate, couldn't they? Surprisingly enough – or maybe not, after all? – Barton more than anyone else. So when Loki was brought back to Manhattan to make amends, Clint was the first one to step up and shake the guy's hand and offer his support. Which had turned the tide for Loki, completely.
Since then he'd helped with the clean-up, had acted as a source of information on the real threat out in the universe, and had even helped them through a fight or two. And then more than just occasionally after they found his scepter in Hydra's hands, and all the shit they had used it for.
They hadn't forgiven him, but they tolerated his presence, they were grateful for the help, and in his own hiding-in-the-shadows sort of way, he was part of the team.
Even so, it was a surprise when Loki showed up at the Malibu mansion one night. The surprise wasn't exactly that he showed up, because that happened sometimes. He was a sneaky bastard, curious as a fucking cat, and enjoyed making Tony nearly piss his pants by showing up unexpectedly at inappropriate times. It just came with having a trickster on the team, apparently. No, this was more surprising because Loki... well... he showed up at the front door. Ringing the bell. Like an actual human being would. And that? That had never happened before.
Not that Tony recognized the visitor as Loki at first, what with the huge, black hood covering his head. But then he turned to the camera, showed a pale snarl and glowing green eyes and even though there was something off in his face, Tony thought, he knew the guest was Loki. Maybe it was just the shadows playing tricks on his eyes? Jarvis scanned the unexpected guest and let Tony know that there was no doubt about his identity. The facial recognition ended up at 94,6% instead of 100%, though, so apparently something really was off, but the energy signature was Loki's, and that couldn't be faked. Even though it seemed sort of muted at the moment. Maybe he was just tired?




Tony ordered Jarvis to let Loki in and left the workshop to get upstairs, ready to meet Loki by the time he walked into the living room.
Loki really looked tired. And also twitchy and nervous and... weird. Even though it was hard to get a good look at him when he kept his head bowed down and just stalked over to the couch by the windows overlooking the ocean, sitting down without a word.
“Sooo... What's up?” Tony stayed on the other side of the coffee table. Keeping the solid piece of furniture between them, just in case.
And then Loki raised his head, let the hood fall back over his shoulders and looked straight at Tony. Not saying a word. The details he had noticed were off before suddenly showed clearly, and Tony swallowed at the sight. Then he had to actively stop himself from taking a step back at the glare that earned him.
“What exactly does this mean?” Tony stared at Loki's eyes, flaring green and with narrow, elongated pupils. At the iridescent black scales running up his forehead and into his hair. At the way his nose looked a bit flattened into his face. “You're... turning into a lizard?”
Loki's upper lip – which seemed even thinner than before – curled up, and his mouth opened as if ready to deliver a sharp reply. But then nothing came out. Instead he folded in on himself, burying his face in his faintly trembling hands. Tony noticed that his fingernails had turned black and thick, curving into sharp claws at the ends.
“I don't know”, Loki actually moaned, sounding wrecked and helpless. “Something went wrong, but I have no idea what. My magic won't come when called and I...” He swallowed so heavily Tony could hear it, and peeked up through his fingers. “I don't know what to do.”
And damn if that not-so-little confession didn't make Tony's respect for the guy reach a whole new level. Because he knew what kind of courage it took to admit something like that. Courage he himself had never had. Not even when he was fucking dying had he been able to admit to another living soul that he didn't know what to do. Unless you counted Jarvis, of course. He swallowed too, fidgeting a little, and then gave a deep sigh and walked over to sit down on the couch beside Loki. Not very close, but close enough that it earned him a surprised glance out of the corner of those reptilian eyes.
“Yeah, well, I can't claim that I know what to do either.” Tony clasped his hands and let them drop down between his spread knees. “But if you want somewhere safe to stay while we figure it out, I can gi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Avenger Loki
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki Needs a Hug
Dragon Loki
Frostiron Bang 2015
Fluff
Cute
Magical Accidents

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

