Chapter 1: It's A Wonderful Town
    




Chapter Text
For as long as Darcy could remember, she'd wanted to live in New York City.  Her grandmother told her that when she was two, she used to rub against the television whenever the I Love New York commercials ran.  Fortunately, Darcy didn't remember that.  But she remembered Trilogy: Past, Present, Future, her grandmother's only Frank Sinatra album – a gift from a persistent admirer – and playing New York, New York over and over and over.  It was one of the songs on the iPod SHIELD had confiscated and when she finally got her iPod back, while the song was still there – Sinatra and Phish and Cat Power and Jacky Cheung and the Features and Devin Townsend – the Sinatra wasn't the one she'd recorded by setting her laptop and a cheap microphone a careful, measured distance from the old stereo speakers.And okay, she hadn't responded to SHIELD's oh so subtle you know too much so we'd like to keep an eye on you offer just so she could ream out the suit who'd screwed up her playlist but it was definitely going to be one of the perks of the job.At least they hadn't found the flash drive with Dog Day Afternoon, A Bronx Tale, and Shore Leave.  She'd have probably ended up with copies of Pearl Harbor, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Yankee Doodle DandyThe Bronx was up, the Battery was down and thank freaking Thor that SHIELD provided housing or Darcy suspected she wouldn't have been able to afford to live closer than Vermont.  And, in spite of the housing offer, she still spent two days in "temporary quarters" – a cross between a college dorm and Guantanamo Bay.  Fortunately, between filling in an impressive pile of forms while sitting alone in a grey room checking out her reflection in a two way mirror...  "You guys know that your personality questions have a depressing similarity to eHarmony, right?"  The mirror was so bad-cop-show-obvious it had to be part of the test; no way Darcy wasn't talking to it....and taking a barrage of physical tests... "You know, if you needed to get my heart-rate up," she panted to the surprisingly young looking doctor, forearms supporting her breasts as she started kilometre number five, "I can think of a couple of ways that'd be more fun for both of us."...she was too busy to really dwell on her cell-like living arrangements.Halfway through the morning of day three, the same officious dick from HR she'd been dealing with showed up, handed her a set of keys and a lease on a studio apartment in Brooklyn, told her that her things had already been delivered, and she had the rest of the day to settle in."Check your email before you come into work tomorrow."Darcy stared at him in astonishment.  "Why would you get me an apartment and then fire me?""For your training schedule, Ms. Lewis.""Right.  Sorry.""And we want to be sure you survived your first night before we issue you a locker."  He didn't look like he was joking but Darcy had survived Lewis family Christmases for twenty-four years so screw him. "Your ride is waiting in the garage."Finding the garage was definitely part of the test."Probationary Agent Lewis?"  He was tall, skinny, and looked a bit like a young Will Smith.  Circa Fresh Prince.  Cute, but all ears. "I'm Probationary Driver Cadman."  He frowned at her white Wall Mart blouse as though he disapproved and Darcy was fine with that, she disapproved too, but work as a Spook dress as a Spook, and while the ticket to New York had come with a dress code, it hadn't come with a clothing allowance.  "I'll be taking you to your apartment," he added just before the disapproving pause stretched into bite me territory."Don't put yourself out, I could take the subway."  She'd been looking forward to taking the subway.  She knew someone who planned on doing their cultural anthropology thesis on the New York subway.  Of course, she also knew someone who planned on doing their criminal psychology thesis on the New York subway, but after Thor's abs of thunder and a flaming robot destroyer thing, that didn't actually phase her much."I expect you'll be taking the subway back to Headquarters, Probationary Agent Lewis, but I've been assigned to drive you today."  She considered asking if that wouldn't be uncomfortable for him, given the stick up his butt and all, then decided, just this once, to cut him a break.  "You know Torchwood was making fun of how obvious big, black SUV's are, right?""I don't know what you're talking about."  Cadman slid a pair of sunglasses on.  "Please do up your seat belt."About two blocks from where they peeled out of the underground garage, Darcy remembered Cadman was a Probationary Driver for SHIELD and his job would involve getting to the scene of the alien invasion/Doombots/mad scientist as quickly as possible.  After careening across the desert in Jane's van, Darcy had assumed she'd seen definitive crazy driving.  She'd assumed wrong.Priority had been given to clearing the roads after the Chitauri invasion in orde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Background Relationships
Slow Build
Nick Fury is a lying liar who lies
Darcy is a bamf
5 Things
Possible Movie(s) Spoilers
Not Canon Compliant
Women Being Awesome

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

