Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Antonio was the god of cunning and intelligence. He invented things. He helped make Asgard better. When his fool of a best friend became war hungry, and king, well, he decided to intervene. The first time the bi-frost was destroyed Antonio had done it, done it for the Jotun, for Asgard, for Odin. 
Odin was a war hungry king, pushed on by the constant company of Thanos, he desired glory, and thought war the way to get it. Invading Jotunheim and taking their casket, before returning to Asgard, holding his spoils of war high above his head like they were something to be proud of. Antonio knew Odin planned to return to Jotunheim, and the only way to stop him was to destroy the bi-frost. But in the process he fell, through realms that would send any ordinary mind insane, before landing hard in the still developing society of mortals living on the delicate crust of Midgard, a 17th century earth. Keeping in the shadows he kept himself inconspicuous until he got bored. Creating an entire empire in a new family name, watching mortals hunt each other with his weapons and causing trouble in general, he kept himself occupied by making  several tesseracts with his power, back-up reserves that came when he called, just in case something went wrong.
OOOO
Tony Stark is the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist. Who was currently waking up with a hangover from drinking himself into a stupor after a pretty messy avengers fight.
“Jarvis, lights” he groaned, sitting up.
 As the lights flashed on he looked around his room and at the sleeping body next to him. The male sleeping body. The male sleeping body with dark hair and very pale skin.
“Oh fuck” he breathed, “oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck”, slowly getting out of bed so as not to wake the god of mischief lying beside him. 
Once out of his bedroom he asked in a strangled whisper “Jarvis? Did I sleep with the god of chaos last night?” 
“It would appear so sir” the AI deadpanned, equally quiet.
Tony groaned, sitting down on a bar stool and putting his head in his hands. He’d been so careful! So many centuries on Midgard and not a slip up yet, not for SHEILD, not for Thor, nor for any of his fellow avengers, and somehow the god in his bed had managed to pull him down. Tony only hoped he hadn’t revealed anything, nor used any magic in whatever had transpired last night,
With a sigh he rose from his seat and began to make breakfast. Why not right? The god of lies and chaos was sleeping in his bed, in the next room, naked, and he was making breakfast. He tried not to let out a half manic half hysterical laugh as he scrambled some eggs.
About half an hour later Tony heard footsteps and froze with his fork halfway to his mouth.
“Did you make enough for two?” came the silky voice from behind him
Oh Tony could practically hear the smirk on the tricksters face, quickly stuffing the fork in his mouth and chewing he replied, calmly pointing at the fry pan “help yourself”
The god of mischief walked around the bench, shooting Tony a grin, grabbing a plate and serving himself, before sitting gracefully on the stool in front of Tony’s.
They ate in silence, chewing the only sound apart from Loki’s occasionally snide remark. 
“What's the matter Stark?” Loki asked eventually, “No early morning banter? No insults?”
Tony looked up, finishing chewing slowly. “If I remembered how you ended up in my bed I might be more inclined to talk, but seeing as I don’t-“
He was cut off by the look of utter amusement that had developed on Loki’s face. They locked eyes and held for a moment, Loki’s amused, Tony’s very much not.
“Sir” came Jarvis’s voice, breaking the stare, “The other avengers are on their way up, I suggest Mr Lie-smith make himself scarce”.
Loki smiled, “I should do that, yes” Standing up from his stool he walked behind Stark, placing a hand on each shoulder before leaning down and purring in his ear, “Thankyou for a distracting and thoroughly enjoyable night Mr Stark”. Then with a flash of green he was gone, a slight chill in the air the only sign that he had ever been there.
He could hear the other avengers on their way up. “Jarvis, later I'm going to want the security footage of what happened, as I can’t remember a bloody fucking thing”
“Yes sir” came the amused voice, supposedly from the ceiling.
Tony muttered some curses in various languages, of inter-galactic varieties, before doing a quick spell to clear any trace of Loki’s magic, it wouldn’t do for Thor to notice anything, and then walking to his room to get in the shower. Just before he closed the door he heard Jarvis tell the others that Mr Stark was currently having a shower and that they would be welcome to make themselves comfortable in the lounge room until he returned. 
OOOO
An hour later and Tony was pacing the length of his living room, occasionally stopping to stare out the glass wall while the meeting went on behind him. 
“Look, Loki hasn’t tried anything in a long while, I think we ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
AUish
PTSD
Angst
Swearing
Humor
Nightmares
Tony!God
But its secret of course
and injuries
and magic
And angst
and odin-feels
and tony-feels
and loki-feels
Did I Mention Angst?
and cuddling?

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

