Work Text:
 You touch meI hear the sound of mandolinsYou kiss meWith your kiss my life beginsDaddy, you’re spring to meAll things to me “Wild is the Wind” by Nina Simone ...Once the thought’s planted, it’s impossible to uproot. Like a hangnail he can’t stop picking at, he worries it over and over until it’s all he sees when he falls asleep, all he thinks about when he’s awake. Does he want this? Could he do this? The answer, if the sudden influx of explicit dude-on-dude fantasies invading his brainpan is any indication, is decidedly yes. So when Steve shows up unannounced a few days after that revelatory conversation with Nat, Bucky’s already spent hours imagining how he might taste, how it might feel to touch him.“Hey,” he says, thrown by the unexpected convergence of fantasy-Steve and real-life-Steve. “Um, Peter’s not in. He’s at the library with MJ. Said he’d be gone awhile.”“Oh. Too bad for baby bro, I guess.” Steve smiles, holding up a pack of craft beer and a pizza. “You hungry? There’s plenty here.”“Uh … sure. Please come in.” Bucky swings the door open, cringing at his weird formality. “Can I get you a drink?”Steve laughs, plucking a bottle from the carrier. “Brought my own, thanks. You want one?”“Oh, right. Sure.” What is wrong with him? It’s like he’s turned into some dork robot from the planet awkward. “Game’s on. You wanna …?” He leaves the question hanging as he plops himself on the far edge of the couch, worried maybe Steve wants to watch Dancing with the Stars or some shit like that.Steve pops the cap on the beer and passes it over. “Great! How’re we doing?”Right. He’s spent hours on this couch playing video games and watching football with Steve. That was before he thought there might be something more going on with his roommate’s brother, of course, but what the actual fuck. Just because Steve might be into dudes doesn’t mean the guy’s had a personality transplant. What is wrong with him?They eat in silence, eyes on the screen, and Bucky wonders if it’s obvious how strictly he’s maintaining his position on the end of the couch, practically hanging over the armrest to keep from brushing up against Steve. It’s not that he doesn’t want to touch Steve; the opposite, actually. His fingers itch to slide up Steve’s thigh, to mess up the careful order of his hair. He wants to tug Steve’s tie off, slide him out of that starched suit.And how fucking weird is that?He’s never been into guys, but ever since Nat exclaimed he was—quote—Gay for Steve!, there’s something undeniably appealing about the idea of touching him, kissing him. But what if he’s wrong? What if all the signals he thinks he’s been reading are just an extension of Steve’s protective, brotherly instincts? What if he sees Bucky as some poor college kid who could use a hand? And all the meals he’s paid for and the textbooks he’s bought and the gas money he slips them here and there are just the guy’s way of taking care of people. There’s every chance Bucky has made a huge mistake, and if he acts on these strange new desires, he’s going to make a fool of himself and royally fuck up what is currently a pretty sweet deal.Appetite gone, he huffs in frustration and tosses his half-finished slice into the open box, chugging the last of his beer.It’s more than that! It has to be. He’s noticed the casual touches, the way Steve smiles at him, all warmth and affection. He’s felt Steve’s arm slung protectively around his shoulders, his large frame steering Bucky through crowded spaces. He’s caught Steve watching him, a bashful grin plucking at the corners of his mouth when discovered. Bucky hasn’t imagined these things. They’re real. They happened. He misunderstood their meaning at the time, but in retrospect, it all seems glaringly obvious.“Hey, man, you okay over there? You look like you’re about to have an aneurism.”Bucky looks over, startled. “Oh,” he says and loosens his death grip on his thighs. “Yeah, I’m just … thinking.”“Well, don’t hurt yourself,” Steve teases, his beautiful fucking face shining with mirth. Bucky feels like he might throw up. “Hey, hey, I’m sorry. It’s okay, Buck. You want to talk about it?”Does he want to talk about the way his brain shorts out when Steve calls him Buck? Or how he feels like his skin is stretched too tight now that Steve is sliding toward him, his whole attention focused this way? Does he want to talk about the way Steve’s bottom lip looks positively edible when he worries it like that or how the flecks of light in his blue eyes could be little floating universes? No. No, he doesn’t want to talk about any of that.When Bucky doesn’t answer, Steve sighs, pulling out the fucking nuclear attack of his golden retriever puppy face. “You know you can trust me, right? I’m a pretty good listener.”“I know,” Bucky murmurs. “It’s just, I’m a little mixed up about some stuff right now.”“What kind of stuff?”“It’s hard to—” He sighs. This is impossible. “Look, can I ask you something? It’s kind of personal.”“Anything.” An
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
sugar daddy!steve
bisexual!Bucky
Just bros being bros
First Time
Explicit Consent
clear communication in bed
sex is awkward
bucky has a sexual crisis
but comes out pretty happy on the other side
also featuring see-it-if-you-squint daddy kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

