Chapter 1: Part One – Darling, I Want to Destroy You
    




Chapter Text
He repeats the phrase he said before, the exact same words, same pause after the term of endearment, but his tone has changed entirely. It is no longer something slick and well-practiced, something used and a little challenging. It is softer around the edges, just like his eyes are, the words slip sliding together down a slope that Steve doesn’t know he can come back from, matching the frantic beat of his heart, too hard and too fast and skewing everything out of proportion.
Those words, from Tony’s lips, are softer and mean so much more than they had before, too dangerous in how gentle they are.
“Darling, I want to destroy you.”
You do. It is all he can think, body reacting to those words, that tone, the too light sweep of hands down his chest and along his sides. You do. Oh how you do. He can’t say it back, the words that he thought had been a challenge at first, but were always painfully an invitation that he just didn’t want to utter. I want to let you.
He does want, it is always wanting and never having until it is so close. So close like the way that Tony’s eyes seem to be smiling even if his mouth isn’t. Smiling and endearing and it is too much.
And oh how it terrifies him.
“I’d like to see you try, Stark.” The sounds slip out, too distracted and not forceful enough to even deserve to be classified as words. It isn’t the truth that he can’t bear to say, nor is it the defensive challenge that it should be. He frowns, feeling heat in his cheeks at his own inability to stay in control of himself, but there is a smirk dancing across Tony’s lips, more like he always looks, and it distracts him all over again. Smirking he can deal with. Clever words and quick biting wit he expects.
It just keeps catching him off guard every time Tony looks at him, really looks at him, with eyes too soft and says trivial phrases with a tone that hints at so much more meaning.
“A challenge, darling? You might regret that.” Tony’s voice sounds light, too bright, too much in contrast to what he’s said a few moments before. Like he is trying to regain his footing, settle back on to safe ground.
He doesn’t have a chance to reply, to figure out for himself if he will regret doing this, being alone with Tony, being in his bedroom with him. He doesn’t think he will. The time for regret has passed. Or it is still to come. It is hard to think, hard to concentrate when Tony’s hands are drifting down to his hips, fingers tracing the points and curves of the bones, touching the lines and creases in the muscle above his hips, across his stomach. Fingers trail, trace the edges and lines and tease. Tease until he wants to snap at Tony to just get on with it. Until eventually thumbs press into the insides of his thighs, too high and so sensitive he is sure he can feel every ridge and groove of Tony’s thumbprints.
Thumbs dig in, callouses and fingernails starting to hurt just a fraction before he relents and lets Tony guide his legs open.
Tony is looking at him again, lip caught between his teeth like he is trying to stop himself saying something, eyes too soft and distracting. Too alluring.
Steve has to look away.
“Tell me what you want, gorgeous, tell me what I can do for you. Any—”
“Stark.” He interrupts, word short and sharp and he means it to silence, to stop, because he doesn’t want to think about wanting. Wanting what is so close, what is staring down at him too softly, too tenderly. He shouldn’t want. Not because Tony’s a team mate, or because he’s another man. Because he’s Tony.
“—thing you want, darling.” The tone of voice, the use of the endearment, it feels more like a caress than the sweep of thumbs against the skin of his inner thighs, creeping higher and higher with each stroke. Each stroke making the itch and want and heat build more and more beneath his skin.
Tony’s smiling at him, the soft curve of lips and the creases beside his eyes, and he doesn’t realise that it’s his own voice scratching out “Kiss me,” into the air between them before the creases deepen and there’s a hint of white teeth between smiling lips.
“Of course, sweetheart, it would be my pleasure.”
The thumbs disappear from the inside of his thighs, hands sweeping up his sides and a leg slotting in between his, knocking a breath out of him that’s caught by Tony’s mouth. There’s a hand on the side of his neck, fingers pressing into his hair, steadying him and he hadn’t realised how much he needs it. The world is off kilter, lips and tongue pushing him closer and closer to the precipice. The hand against his hip, fingers curling and pressing into his skin, following the rise and fall of his hips.
Embarrassment sparks when he realises he is grinding against Tony’s thigh. He wants to stop, thinks he should stop, but the moment he stills, fingers dig into his hip, encouraging him to keep going. He does.
His chest feels tight, not enough air and too much heat, lips and tongue against his and a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bottom Steve Rogers
Barebacking
Blow Jobs
Angst
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Terminal Illnesses
Getting Together
Shameless Smut
Hopeful Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

