Work Text:
Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III is one of Loki’s favorite humans. Not because the child engages in mischief (deliberately), or because the child is sly and cunning (he isn’t), or because he fits the parameters of what mortals and most of Asgard believe should be in place for Loki to have favorite humans (he doesn’t have those parameters, and if he did, Hiccup would not fit them). Hiccup’s clan broke away from the rest of his people—they turned left while the rest of the host heading towards what will come to be known as North America turned right—but unlike the rest of his people, they stayed even after dealing with dragons. For all that Hiccup’s father likes to claim that they’re Vikings, that they have stubbornness issues—no. It’s just this clan. Other Vikings would have recognized a lost fight when they saw one and they would have removed themselves with all due haste. But lost and kept away from the rest of their people, forced to rely on interbreeding...yes, they are stubborn. Over the generations, they also lost things like common sense. But Hiccup Stoicksson (Loki is too accustomed to Asgard to think of him with all of his ridiculous names) has a greater shine of intelligence than his fellows. And like Loki, when he discovered he had the talent for seiõr, Hiccup was shunned by his community for placing them in danger at times (that was true enough), but moreover, his community sensed that there was something unnatural about him. He was not a warrior. He could hardly hunt. He had issues herding sheep. In short, in a small community that was dependent on each member hauling their own weight, he was worse than useless. The only reason why he had yet to be abandoned by the community was the protection of his father and the village blacksmith, and that was tenuous at best. And yet. The child does not have seiõr, not the way Loki knows it, but he has something nonetheless. His village classified his issues with sheep that Hiccup could not get the sheep to obey him, which they would lead him instead of the other way around. This is not true. Hiccup knows exactly where the sheep wish to go. They know where the best grazing is, the best temperatures, the most water, and so he lets them go. They do not trouble him—indeed, they always come at his call—but since he is only ever seen trailing them with his little book of sketches, he is thought to be lazy at best, ineffectual at worst. Hiccup cannot kill. There is nothing wrong with this on an abstract level, but the community depends on hunting, fishing, and mutton. Thought is not extended as to why Hiccup cannot kill—he is seen as weak. But Loki knows. Which is why he lets events take their course. -- Thor does not understand the favoritism of this particular human. He surprises Loki one afternoon as he watches Hiccup stumble through the forest, searching for a dragon he had sworn he had brought down. “Your interest has been noted by the All-Father, brother,” Thor rumbles, placing a hand on Loki’s shoulder. Thor likes to touch. He communicates as much with a touch to the shoulder, the arm, or lower back as much his words do. His touches often belie the tone in which he says his words. Thor is an honest soul, and it frustrates Loki as often as it amuses him. “You and the All-Father have had your favorites,” he points out. “Why should I be denied mine?” “Our favored are warriors. This one is a weak child,” Thor glances at the viewing orb and barely hides his shudder at the magic on display. “What use is he to you?” “One does not need to have be useful to be favored,” he replies softly, resisting the urge to bite out the words. Thor tries, he truly does. But there are times that no matter how he looks, he cannot see. Thor removes his hand. Loki’s finger twitches as the loss of contact, and unbidden, a branch snaps Hiccup in the face. The both of them hear his complaint. “Do not torment him,” Thor says reprovingly. Loki covers his mouth with his hand, but his eyes glitter in amusement nonetheless. “Trials will harden him,” he finally says, as bland as butter. “As they did you?” Loki glances at the orb again. Hiccup has almost found the dragon. “Not quite in the same manner. Brother.” Thor snorts and leaves him alone. -- With the things he learns from the dragon (whom he has dubbed Toothless, honestly, mortals) and yes, trickery, Hiccup wins accolades and acceptance from the village. It’s a change for him, one he’s not comfortable with. If it would not doom him in the eyes of his fellows, Loki would appear to him and warn him that this sort of quick acceptance easily dissipates should their fortune change again. While Hiccup may feel necessary—and he will be, in the times to come—humans are quick to turn on those who are different when winter’s chipping at their bones. It is not, Loki reminds himself, a uniquely human trait. He has been trying to determine what form of seiõr the child possesses. That he has some form of magick is irrefutable, but the form it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hiccup & Toothless
Loki &Thor

freeform: 
Meta
meta everywhere
Norse Mythology - Freeform
Dragons
Character Study
magick

fandom: 
Hiccup & Toothless
Loki &Thor

