Work Text:
“It’s true and you know it,” Natasha is saying as Tony ambles into the room. She pauses meaningfully and Tony looks up, blinking at them blearily. Steve just rousted him and Bruce out of the lab after a three day inventing marathon. While Steve was preoccupied with literally prying the markers out of Bruce’s hands, Tony seized his chance to escape and went on a search for coffee, with the vague idea that caffeine might help him stick it out for another few hours. Now, seeing that the wonder twins have camped out at the table, he’s rethinking that strategy.Natasha blatantly looks him up and down, rolls her eyes, and turns back to Clint. “I’m telling you. Coulson’s got it just as bad for you as you do for him.”“I do not have it bad for Coulson,” Clint says, lavender feathers bristling a little. He stuffs a whole chocolate chip cookie into his mouth and mumbles something unintelligible, sending a spray of crumbs across the table. Tony grabs his mug and considers a strategic retreat to another coffeepot… but this one is so close. Empty, but close.“Yes you do. You know how Tony acts around Steve when he’s sleepy or hurt?”“What?” Tony says.“I do not act like that!” Clint says at the same time. “I’m not that bad!”“You are, and Coulson reacts the same way that Steve does.”“What?” Tony says again. Either he’s missing some vital bit of information, or he’s not awake enough for this conversation. “I don’t… what?”“When you’re really tired or out of it, you show the underside of your wings to Steve,” Natasha says to Tony, ignoring Clint, who is doing an excellent impression of a fish. “We’ve all noticed it, but no one ever said anything because we didn’t think you knew. And judging from the look on your face, you didn’t.”“I don’t –”Natasha cuts him off with a raised hand. “Save it. I’m sure JARVIS has got video proof. You do it with Steve, Clint does it with Coulson, and both of them melt all over themselves when you two do it.” She stands, picking up her glass of wine. “So please, for the sanity of everyone else who has to live in this house, get over yourselves and just mate already.” She sweeps out of the room.Tony stares blankly at the table. “I don’t show my wings to Steve.”“Yeah, man, you kind of do,” says Clint, and at least he has the decency to look apologetic. “If it helps, she’s not wrong about how Steve reacts.” He pulls a face. “Though I still think she’s wrong about Coulson. The guy never melts over anything…”“Why are you talking about Coulson melting?” Steve asks as he walks into the room. His pale blue wings are properly folded against his back. “No, you know what, it’s better I don’t know. Tony, no coffee. You’re going to bed.”Suddenly reminded of his original goal, Tony looks at the coffeepot. It’s still empty. He pets it hopefully. “Coffee?”“No coffee,” Steve repeats, not unkindly, gently taking the mug from Tony’s hand. “You and Bruce have been up for at least three days straight, if not longer. Frankly, I’m surprised you’re still going. The last thing you need is another dose of caffeine. What if the call to assemble went off when you’re this out of it?” He’s trying hard to sound disapproving, but mostly just sounds fond. It makes Tony feel warm all over and he straightens up, turning towards Steve. “We were creating a new algorithm to better increase the elasticity of -”“Oh god,” Clint says. “Get him out of here before he goes all science-y.”“Come on, Tony.” Steve’s hand gently clamps down on his shoulder and starts steering him out of the room.“Hulk pants!” Tony shouts over his shoulder, incensed that no one wants to listen to his genius, and is pretty sure he hears Clint start laughing. Even Steve is grinning as they walk into the elevator. It feels like an accomplishment in itself, but right on its heels is the kind of exhaustion that goes all the way down into his core. With no caffeine boost, he ends up leaning against the wall, kind of propped up in the corner, as the elevator starts to move.“Are you really creating Hulk pants?” Steve asks.Tony nods slowly, focusing most of his energy on convincing his legs that no, this is not a good place to give out. “Bruce hates it,” he slurs. “So I said… hulk pants… ev’ryone needs a un’form t’put on…”“That sounds like an excellent idea. You’re a good friend to him.” Steve hooks an arm around Tony’s waist when the doors open and practically carries him out of the elevator. Tony loses a bit of time, he thinks, because the next thing he knows Steve is gently pushing him down on his bed. He looks up at Steve and smiles, open and sleepy, and watches Steve’s whole face soften. That’s the last thing he remembers before he falls asleep.Some thirteen hours later, Tony wakes up and the first words out of his mouth are: “Oh my fucking god, JARVIS, why didn’t you tell me I was doing this earlier!”“My apologies, sir,” JARVIS says, and it should not be possible for an A.I. to sound so frigging amused. “You did not indicate this was something you wished to be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wings
Alternate Universe - Wings
wing fic
Wing Grooming
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Misunderstandings
Natasha knows all
bucky barnes is over this shit
Oblivious Tony
Puppy Piles
Avengers Family
Cuddling
so many feels
all the feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Sleepy Tony
Manhandling
First Kiss
First cuddles
Cute overload
Fluff
so much fluff seriously

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

