Work Text:




 Darcy didn't want to base her opinion of New York on a few lame assholes, but it felt like ever since she'd arrived, all she'd met were jerks. Now, she could admit that she probably wasn't hanging out in the most savory parts of the big apple; she had a budget and New York living was expensive. But between the subway, the homeless man who made grabby hands at her that morning, the leering business men she passed in the street, and the guy who thought he was so funny calling her hot and asking for her number from his stoop, she was starting to regret ever leaving her hole in the wall apartment.But this? This was too much.She was being followed.She wasn't sure who by, and she had a pretty good imagination so it came up with a number of different possibilities, but she could feel it. Hair on the back of her neck standing up, weight on her shoulders, eyes boring a hole into the back of her head; somebody was following her and it wasn't because she was a generally awesome person.She had her taser, of course; she'd been gripping it since she first felt the eagle eyes zero in on their target, but somehow having even her most trusted defense against leery, grabby, jackholes didn't put her at ease. She'd put away her iPod, remembering a number of different Tumblr posts and YouTube videos and, of course, her mother's many lectures, about how not being able to hear could put in her danger. She was seriously regretting it, however, as the noise of New York made her feel even more on edge. Blaring horns, construction, walk-signals, people on cell phones, the chit-chat of fellow New Yorkers, and the general hustle and bustle of the city was overwhelming when she was so used to blocking it all out with some much needed musical therapy.On a bad day, she'd break out her all rock, all the time playlist; soothing frayed nerves with Van Morrison, Bob Dylan, the Grateful Dead, Led Zeppelin, Jefferson Airplane, Pere Ubu, and the Sex Pistols. Days she needed to get out of her head, it was all about jazz; from Charles Mingus to Nat King Cole, Bud Powell to Bill Evans, and her favorite, Thelonious Monk. And then, of course , there were days when she wanted to be mad, deserved to be, and she'd break out her 90's rage playlists, filled with Green Day, Hole, and Nirvana.Now, thanks to whoever this douche was, she couldn't bury herself, escaping into her world of music. What she wouldn't give right then for some Jimmy Reed; Bright Lights, Big City.Every person that walked too close kicked her guard up; Darcy peered at everybody, male and female alike, trying to figure out who it was that thought she was worth stalking. Not that she underestimated her self-worth; she was having an awesome jeans day, her hair chose to bow to her will that morning into something resembling tamed, and, before everything seemed to turn sideways on her, she'd been feeling good about the job interview she'd gone for that morning.Being out of school sucked; she thought finishing up her poli-sci degree would mean direction. She thought, especially after everything in New Mexico and meeting SHIELD and Thor, that life after that would just be easy. What was supposed to compare to a supposed Norse God coming calling via a rainbow bridge? Or a secret government agency appearing out of thin air to steal her iPod and label Puente Antiguo and all things bi-frost/Thor super classified?Apparently, getting back to basics was harder than she expected; it meant making her way back to reality, where nobody knew anything about what she'd witnessed and never would, if the phonebook thick folder of gag orders she had to sign meant anything.One might wonder, in fact her mom did, often, why it was a poli –sci student had taken up residence in New York and not somewhere more politically forward, like Washington. Darcy liked to call it her "Why the fuck did I even take that? Remember that time I wanted to be an artist and I constantly wore paint covered overalls until that stupid Not Another Teen Movie made me look like a dork? Well I suddenly realised I wanna do that again," phase.And where better to be a struggling artist than New York, right? So she packed up everything she owned, skipped town with her seemingly useless political science degree, and found the smallest, most affordable apartment she could find. Her landlord called it a cozy little bachelor; Darcy called it a closet.But whatever, there was room for her painting supplies and a window that, after hours of cleaning the grime off of it, gave her a view that was… passable. So far she'd painted the wall of the adjacent building in various stages of light, from what it looked like in the 'holy fuck is it ever early' morning to what it looked like at night (like a black blob, if anybody was interested).So it wasn't long, try a week, before she realized that starving artist wasn't really her style. And also her overalls didn't fit anymore; especially in the boobs area. Not to mention that uh, yeah, she wasn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis Week
steve is adorable and protective
darcy is snarky
Darcy doesn't know about the avengers or that Steve's Captain America
Artsy!Darcy
Artsy!Steve
Fluffy
Funny

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

