Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
There's a chair in my head in which I used to sitTook a pencil and I wrote the following on it"Now there's a key where my wonderful mouth used to be"Where can I run to?Where can I hide?Who will I turn toNow I'm in a virgin state of mind
-- K's Choice, "Virgin State of Mind" 

The thing about being director of SHIELD -- and thus the de facto interface between the federal government and what the talking heads referred to as the "superhuman community" -- was that it gave you certain resources.  Resources that no reasonable person (he liked to think he'd been reasonable, once) in his right mind (he knew he hadn't been that  in a while) would consider turning to.
But the situation with the prisoner had gone from bad, to worse, to unacceptable, to critical, and this was the only solution to come out of his brainstorming session that stood a half-chance of working. They had Jane Foster hard at work with all the funding she wanted and the best brains in the country to tap, but Fury had no illusions -- this wasn't like in the movies, where science happened in a five-minute montage and was done. They were months, or more likely years from having a functional Einstein-Rosen bridge of their own. No, they were going to need to deal with this on Earth terms.
And so Fury pulled out his cell phone -- the specially encoded, latest Stark technology that served as his contact with the non-secured network -- and dialed the number in his address book that he never thought he'd need to call.
The phone rang. And rang. It didn't go to voicemail. At last there was a click followed by a rattle, a series of noises that indicated someone had picked a handset out of its cradle. And honestly, this was the twenty-first century, who even had  the old-style corded handset phones any more?
Someone who didn't normally need phones to communicate long-distance, Fury supposed."Hello?" The voice on the other end of the line was courteous, controlled -- cultured, with just a hint of a New England accent. The speaker didn't identify himself; Fury supposed that if you had this number in the first place, you were supposed to know who you were calling.
"Nicholas Fury, director of SHIELD," Fury said brusquely."Ah, Director, good to hear from you," the speaker said pleasantly. "I trust that you and your people are well. No world-ending crises on your desk this morning, I hope."
Fury glared at the file on his desk as he spoke. "A situation has come up that we could use your assistance with," he started. "To be more specific, it's a situation that we believe only  you can assist with.""I gathered that, or else you wouldn't be calling me," The speaker sounded amused, damn him. "What's the occasion?"
Fury hesitated, choosing his words carefully. Stark had sworn up and down when he'd given him the phone that its encryption was unbreakable, but Fury hadn't lived this long by trusting other people's assurances. This communication was over the public network, and therefore inherently unsecure as far as he was concerned. That meant that everything over a certain clearance level could not be discussed on such an open line.
"An extranormal incident occurred on May seventeenth over New York City," Fury began. Extranormal incident,  that was how it had gone down on the report, if only because federal bureaucrats didn't like seeing the words 'alien invasion' on their paperwork. "A portal of indeterminate origination opened on top of what was formerly Stark tower, admitting a number of xenomorphs as part of a hostile event. It got pretty messy."
This was all part of the public record, and so nothing critical to reveal. Still, Fury had expected a bit  more of a reaction than, "Yes, I know. We saw it on the news."
Fury actually pulled his head back to glare at the phone in his hand, wishing that the old fool on the other end was enough with the times to have a video phone just so that his glare would transfer. "And you didn't think to do anything about it?" he ground out."I had my team assembled, ready to move in if the incursion spread beyond New York City. As it turned out, it was all over well before they could have possibly gotten there anyway. Not that I was in any particular hurry to send my people in to ground zero of a nuclear strike."
That was not  part of the public record, and Fury swore silently at the stinging reminder of his greatest failure of the whole debacle -- even worse, in some ways, than the devastating assault on the Helicarrier. First he'd failed to talk the Council out of that stupid clusterfuck of an idea; then he'd let his own security protocols be violated; and then he hadn't been fast enough  to stop the plane from leaving the tarmac. Stark and his team had managed to pull off a miracle, thank God, and turn a catastrophe into a victory; but Fury still felt his failure keenly.
How the hell had news of that even leaked out? Given who  he was talking to, Fury wasn't even sure he wanted to know; it was p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Psychic Abilities
Brainwashing
Trauma
nonconsensual telepathic therapy
Community: norsekink
Torture
Memory Alteration

fandom: 
Loki & Charles Xavier

