Work Text:
Well if Darcy was honest, and she pretty much always was, today could have gone a lot better. She and Jane had finally been able to book some time at a really important telescope and had finally started getting some awesome data that they had been needing for ages - when some douche canoes came in and ruined everything. She really didn’t know where HYDRA found these people. She rolled her eyes as Head Douche Canoe ranted at them about making the world a better place and all their usual spiel as she and Jane stayed hidden among the large pieces equipment in the dark room, waiting until their friends responded to their panic button being pressed as soon as the danger had arrived. The asshole was waving his gun around like an amateur while his posse of losers slouched around and laughed to themselves, as if two tiny women offered no danger to them. She quietly sat biding her time as the HDC blindly backed toward her, his gun pointed dangerously close to Jane’s spot...OK maybe he wasn’t quite as stupid as she might have assumed.Jane was no wilting flower. Usually she’d be piecing together some form of new technology to destroy these jerks but all of the tech in the room was bolted down, and had the type of weight even Thor would struggle to lift. The guy’s finger was on the trigger now and Darcy met Jane’s concerned eyes before doing something she hoped she wouldn’t regret later. Darcy switched her taser on and shot the leader in the back of the neck, causing his sloppy shot to miss Jane by an inch. She then wrenched the gun out of the unconscious loser’s hand, thanking Thor he had landed so conveniently close.Keeping low and hidden she used all of her hated training with Clint Barton to keep the two lackeys at bay and away from where she was perched until she was out of rounds. She gulped as the last lackey standing heard the click of the empty cartridge and grinned in a pretty bad way. Darcy held onto her taser white knuckled as the dude came closer, no longer keeping his back to the wall, his face displaying all of the pleasure he was feeling at the change in the balance of power. She suppressed a roll of her eyes. These organisations were all the same, they preached all over you with their talk of making peace for the world and underneath they were all just a bunch of bullies and jocks scrabbling for power. The guy was just about to reach for her when he copped a shield to the head and dropped like a bag of flour. Darcy used to work at a bakery, and she was quite familiar with bags of flour. “Oh thank God Steve!” she ran out of cover and leaped into the arms of Captain America. “I only had one charge left on my taser and I...” she buried her face into his chest and let the shock she’d been holding back hit. “I think I killed a guy.”“Shhhh Darcy you did really well. You kept yourself and Jane alive.” Steve didn’t let her go as he moved further into the room to let Thor and the Widow in behind him. Natasha injected the two living douche canoes with something to keep them down and removed their cyanide teeth with gloved hands. She then went about binding them up as Thor consoled Jane who hated feeling powerless just as much as Darcy did.Inspecting Darcy’s kill she looked up at the young woman who was still sticking to her favourite Dorito like a barnacle, her face soft. “Very good, Lewis. Next time you will hit them both.”Darcy groaned into Steve’s shoulder. She’d never get out of stupid training now. ....... A month later Darcy was sitting at her desk, mightily hung over and wondering if it was wrong that she didn’t regret a drunken one night stand with Steve Rogers the night before.The coffee she was staring at didn’t seem to have any answers. They had both been hammered on Asgardian Ale that Thor had brought back for his shield brothers and sisters, but miraculously she still remembered everything. And it had been good. Like, Rogers had game. Darcy took a sip of her coffee, seeing as it had nothing to tell her she would put it to use in other ways. She had absolutely zero interest in a relationship right now; and she was pretty sure Steve was in the same boat. He was travelling all over every other week trying to find his friend. She knew this because he had told her and cried last night right before she kissed his tears away. She sighed as she remembered his big hands grabbing her face as he pulled her into a brain melting kiss.Damn, but she couldn’t bring herself to have one ounce of regret for something like that, even if it made her a bad person. She only hoped her buddy – that she had fucked the brains out of last night – would agree. He was pretty progressive for an old guy, she was pretty sure it would be OK.She took another big gulp of coffee as the God of Thunder and provider of Asgardian alcohol came through the doors. Jane wasn’t in today because Thor had been away and they were having a reunion. That usually took at least a whole weekend so Darcy was a little confused. “Hey big guy, wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Sif

freeform: 
Four plus One
Casual Sex
that lighning magic
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Bucky gets better
Wishful Thinking
this isn't how you cure PTSD and amnesia
but it's a nice idea
wily Bucky Barnes
Steve is a great friend
Steve Rogers has game
Thor is a great friend
Jane is Awesome
Sex Positive Steve Rogers
One Shot
fairly long one shot
long shot?

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Sif

