Work Text:
"C'mon," Bucky says, breathless. "I got us a room."Steve wrinkles his nose as Bucky grabs his elbow, steering him down the sidewalk. He can smell the pheromones swirling lightly through the air, the heady scent teasing at him. It's not just the rut that's rapidly descending on him, making him more aware of everything, but something deliberate."Did you--?" Steve asks, digging in his heels.Bucky half-turns and flicks his eyes up and down. Steve knows the answer before Bucky even sets his jaw. "Wasn't gonna let you spend the night outside, was I? No different from when a dame makes up her face."It is, Steve wants to say. The thought of Bucky massaging his throat, his chest, under his arms to stimulate the glands there, make himself smell like pre-heat just to get some unscrupulous alpha to give them a place to bunk for a while? It gets his hackles up. It's dangerous, too--some rutters have been known to try forcing themselves on "teasing" omegas, which is half the reason heat-simulating perfumes were made illegal back in the twenties."Just come on," Bucky repeats, dragging Steve forward again. They're getting looks from people on the street, and Steve tries to tell himself that it's just the odd couple they make and not the way Bucky's smelling. They’re always being stared at, always, because of Bucky. He’s tall, handsome, solidly built--he used let people think he was a beta, back in the boys’ home, before his heats started. He would still get away with it if they could afford suppressants, but those are being rationed so the lion’s share can go to omegas in the war. It’s illegal to sell from ration books, but that doesn’t really stop anyone, and suppressant chits can fetch up to a week’s worth of food. Tires and heat pills were the first things the government pulled from civilians, so Bucky’s been all-natural since December 1941, and they get looks because he’s the sort of omega an alpha dreams of mating. Everything about him screams “I can give you healthy children.”And Steve? Well, Steve pretty much screams “I will probably die if I attempt to knot.” So the looks aren’t really new. All the same, he can feel himself glaring at anyone who lingers too long.The place they end up at isn't the best, but they have their own room and there are locks on all of the doors, so it could be the Waldorf-Astoria for all Steve cares. When they step inside, Steve's hit with a wave of Bucky's scent, like he'd been rubbing up against every surface. An alpha woman is leaning against a doorframe, and she gives Bucky a key and a slow smile. Steve, practically a head shorter than both of them, feels himself puff up, stand on his toes. Bucky glances at him out of the corner of his eye and smirks, then starts pulling him toward the stairs.On the landing between the second and third floor, they meet a descending beta, who takes one appraising look at them and says to Bucky, "Whatever he's paying you, I'll double it."The bluntness of it--the double-barbed insult--makes Steve legitimately snarl, the instinctual sound rumbling deep in his chest. He doesn't have many alpha qualities, and he's only vocalized like this a handful of times in his entire life, but the oncoming rut and his own frustration at the entire situation are a powerful combination. It's not polite, and it's especially rude to direct territorial aggression at non-alphas, but Steve can’t bring himself to feel bad.Bucky, cool as ever, only says “out of your price range,” and practically drags Steve up the last flight of stairs while he’s still rumbling at the nonplussed beta.After they’re in their room and the door’s locked, Bucky whirls on him. “Stop, Steve, jesus. You’re gonna give yourself an episode.”Steve chokes back the growling, because he’s right. His chest is already constricting, the strain of the sustained effort threatening to cause an asthma attack. But stopping the sound doesn’t mean he’s stopped the feeling, and he wraps his fists in the material of Bucky’s shirt possessively, which earns him a laugh.A few more people stop and sniff around their door before the rut really sets in. Every time they hear interested pacing make the floorboards creak, Bucky throws his head back and starts making obscene sounds, his impression of a tied omega. He winks at Steve when he does it, and Steve finds himself caught in a no-man’s land of embarrassment, amusement, and sheer frustration.He hadn’t even shown sexual traits until he was nearly fifteen, and everybody--including Steve--had been surprised when he woke up one night to find himself rubbing a half-hearted knot against Bucky’s thigh, a sticky patch of precome staining their sheets. The other boys had pegged him for an omega, and a bad one at that; one of the many jokes at his expense was that Barnes only liked him because Steve was even lower on the food chain than an omega with delusions of beta-status. Steve can still remember the feral grin Bucky’d given him after they’d heard that one for the first ti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Scent Marking
Alpha!Steve
Pre-Serum
Post-Serum
Biology Inaccuracies
World War II
Historical Inaccuracy
Undue Seriousness

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

