Work Text:
 

 “Sir, I’ve turned off the arc reactor,” J.A.R.V.I.S. informed him, “but the device is already self-sustaining.”Of course it couldn’t be that easy, Tony thought as he watched the Tesseract float untouched, held up by its own magnetic field. “Shut it down, Dr. Selvig,” he said through the loud-speaker, using the same calm, even tone a policeman might use when confronted with a madman waving a gun around.“It’s too late!” Selvig shouted, the grin on his face exultant. “She can’t stop now. She wants to show us something!” His joyful expression turned to one of pure awe, and he breathed,  “A new universe.”Tony rolled his eyes inside the suit. “Oookay.” Did you leave any kool-aid for the rest of the class? he thought disbelievingly, remembering some of Selvig’s papers on astrophysics he’d read a few days ago. The man was brilliant… And then Loki had turned him into a zombie. Thanks, Loki. Well, if Selvig was not going to help, Tony would have to figure out a way to help himself. He shot at the Tesseract, thinking, Maybe I can dislodge it?The Tesseract shot back, nearly swatting him out of the air.When Tony managed to right himself, he spotted Loki on the balcony a few feet below, smirking like the asshole he was. Of course you can’t win; what is a mortal to a god? his eyes seemed to say, hooded with confidence in his superiority.Narrowing his eyes, Tony murmured, “Plan B,” to J.A.R.V.I.S. and began the descent onto the landing platform.J.A.R.V.I.S. tried to warn him that the Mark VII wasn’t ready yet, but Tony ignored him, too busy watching Loki watch him as the mechanical arms took his armor off.They walked towards the penthouse together, almost like beasts circling each other, itching for a fight.Loki moved with the poise of a stalking panther, his every movement screaming predator.  He owned the place, and he owned Tony, and everyone would know it. It reminded Tony of the stereotypical alpha from rom-coms in the nineties; possessive, territorial, animalistic. He was trying so hard to exude dominance,  it almost looked like he was mocking Thor.When Tony stepped inside, he was promptly buffeted by the stench of alpha! my territory, mine! you are not welcome here! that permeated everything—in his goddamn tower, no less. The miasma of pheromones was three, no, four times stronger than the last time Tony had been in an enclosed space with Loki, back in the quinjet. Almost like Loki had sprayed Eau de Alfa all over himself and Tony's penthouse.It reeked so awfully that it actually made him nauseous despite the anger at Loki's sheer daring burning in his chest. Managing not to break step or growl territorially, he carried on to the bar where the Mark VII homing bracelets waited, making a show of not paying attention to Loki.If Loki wanted deference and obedience, then he would treat him like a toddler having a tantrum and ignore him.Nonchalantly, even though it made his hackles rise, he turned his back to Loki—the slap in the face of body language between alphas—and poured himself a drink. His heart raced in his chest, but Thor had said that Loki didn’t actually have whatever enhanced senses alphas of their species possessed, so he probably couldn’t hear it, right? Then again, Tony’s brain reminded him, Thor also said Loki absolutely positively is not an alpha, and my nose begs to differ.They exchanged quips, the human —ah, better make that sentient being— version of barking and growling, and then Tony took over the conversation, stalling so J.A.R.V.I.S. had more time to finish the suit. He talked and talked and hoped Loki wouldn’t just snap and stab him right there instead of huffing and grinning knives like he’d been doing so far.“…And you, big fella,” he finished, his tone of voice actually lecturing, “you’ve managed to piss off every single one of them.”Smirking like he knew a joke Tony didn’t —and Tony was the punchline—, Loki said, “That was the plan,” and stalked closer.“Not a great plan,” Tony responded in kind, coming out from behind the bar — and consequently closer to Loki. He'd never shied away from a pissing contest, and he wasn't about to start now. “When they come—"Suddenly the air was saturated with the bone-aching scent of omega! distress! must help! mixed in with Loki’s big-fucking-alpha scent, and Tony froze for a millisecond.Loki couldn’t possibly have brought an omega here, to his tower, could he? Oh, what was he thinking—of course he had. As if being a would-be dictator and killing Coulson hadn't been enough, the first thing Loki had done upon landing on Earth was make that poor omega agent —Barton, was it?— his bitch. So what's to stop a big alpha conqueror from getting a replacement? Nothing, that's what.Stomach churning, Tony swallowed hard to keep the bile down. Where was he? Oh, right, When they come... “—and they will," he finished, "they’ll come for you.” And he’d make damn sure of it."I have an army," Loki said matter-of-factly, like he was wondering why Tony was being so de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
mentions of torture
Aftermath of Torture
Omega Verse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Sentinel Senses
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Mixed Media
Warning: Loki
Tony-centric
Odin's A+ Parenting
Thor is a shitty bro
Slow Build
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Alpha Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

