Chapter 1: Narcissus
    


Summary:

Loki learns that three doesn't always have to be a crowd.





Chapter Text
Once he was dry, for the most part, Loki left the washroom and entered his chambers, combing his fingers through his hair for some last-minute fixing. Even though it made no sense for him to bathe beforehand, Loki was known for being very vain and worrisome about his appearance and hygiene. What people didn't know about him was his sex life. They were all under the impression that he didn't even have one. Oh how wrong they were.
With a flick of his wrist, a shape began to form in front of him, slowly developing into a solid human body. Loki slowly approached his doppelganger and tentatively placed a hand on its chest and the other on its arm. They were perfect copies of each other, except for the fact that the clone was nude and Loki was still wearing his bath robe. That wouldn't last very long.
Even though Loki had always been proud of his magic, he was particularly fond of his clones. He would never admit it out loud, but he loved them. They didn't judge him like everyone else. Sure, they had no free will of their own, except for the limited amount that Loki granted them, but for short periods of time he could pretend that he was important and loved as well.
Loki inclined his head and nuzzled against the clone's throat and jaw line, inhaling its scent. The clone swallowed then Loki fastened his mouth over its Adam's apple and sucked gently.
"Undress me," he breathed into the clone's ear. The clone immediately reached down between them and tugged Loki's robe open before sliding it off the prince's shoulders. Neither made a move to pick it up when the garment landed on the floor and pooled around Loki's ankles. "Touch me. Please."
Loki wrapped his arms around the clone's neck when it started kissing him, immediately parting his lips to allow its tongue to have access to his mouth. He felt a cool hand press against his lower back, followed by a tug on his hair, drawing a moan from his throat. He always liked having his hair pulled because it made him feel dominated, and that's what he wanted. Loki whimpered when a hand wrapped around his manhood and began stroking it. He bucked his hips once after a thumb stroked the head, only to have another hand grip his hipbone and keep him pressed against another body behind him.
Wait…behind him?
Loki separated from his clone and turned hesitantly to look over his shoulder and see who was behind him, only to find out that it was another clone. He slumped forward and his eyelids fluttered because this second clone was still stroking him.
"I never…ngh called…for you," Loki said in between gasps.
"You did not need to," the second clone replied.
"You can speak?"
"The more you use us, the stronger we become," the first answered.
Loki wasn't sure if this revelation should fascinate him or scare him. It was amazing that his creations, which at one time were unable to even take on a physical form, were able to think for themselves. It was also terrifying, because now they could think for themselves, and because he had always submitted to them, not only for experimental purposes but for his own pleasure, they could do whatever they wanted to him. He only hoped that they wouldn't choose to hurt him because of all the orders he had given them in the past.
Loki realized that he now feared them and his arms lowered from the first clone's neck and he held them close to his chest. He had to hold back a sigh of relief for the fact that the clone behind him had finally released him.
"You've no reason to fear us. You have treated us well." Loki looked doubtful, but he nodded nonetheless. "Come."
Loki looked down at the offered hand, then placed his on top and allowed himself to be led to the bed. He scooted back so he was near the center of the mattress and waited silently for what the clones had planned for him. A hand grasped his chin and turned it to the side before a pair of lips covered his own. On instinct, he parted his lips even before he needed to be asked for permission.
After he began to feel a little more comfortable with the two, he leaned back against this clone and tangled his fingers in its hair. His breath hitched when he felt his legs being spread apart and fingers teasing his nipples. Loki broke away from the clone behind him and arched his back into the mouth that was practically assaulting his chest. Sounds that would be considered anything but manly tore from his throat and he squirmed in the clone's grip now on his wrists.
"You make such pretty noises for us." Loki wasn't sure which one had said that, but it made heat pool in his belly and his cock twitch. "Do you wish to be taken?" It was the clone before him who had spoken.
"Yes. Please, yes-!"
"Mmm. He doesn't sound like he really wants it." This earned a deep chuckle which Loki could feel within his own body.
"No, please! I'll do anything you ask!"
Loki now knew it was the first clone who was speakin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Loki
Clones/Loki
Avengers!Loki/Thor!Loki
Very minor Thorki
Thor/Loki

freeform: 
Lokicest
Clone Sex
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Hermaphrodites
Rape/Non-con Elements
Light Bondage
Kidnapping
Mind Control
Stockholm Syndrome
Alternate Universe - Loki Wins
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Gangbang
WIP

fandom: 
Loki/Loki
Clones/Loki
Avengers!Loki/Thor!Loki
Very minor Thorki
Thor/Loki

