Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A/N: A few preemptive warnings.  This isn’t a romance.  It’s a twisty, dark Thorki tale.  Yeah, there will be some feels (mostly on Loki’s part, but Thor might surprise you too).  But that’s not really the “point.”  We should also talk a little about the consent issues here, since the fic is tagged “extremely dubious consent.”  Off the bat, Loki is fifteen—he can’t consent, even if he thinks he can, and Thor, being an adult, should know better.  With that said, this first chapter (ending) is probably closer to a non-con.  As the “relationship” progresses, things will get blurrier and thus transition into more of a dub-con.  They’re not blurry right now, though.  So, “trigger warning” if you need one.  I intend it to be a PWP, but angsty plot always seems to sneak its way into my fics, so we shall see!  Also, warning for homophobic language :{. (Bad Thor is Bad)Loki watched miserably out of the second-floor window as the contractors began unloading their van.  His father had told him to expect construction to start that morning, but Loki had forgotten and had been more than a little miffed when the clattering sound had woken him up.  It was barely 10am.  Having been roughly roused from his sleep, he had angrily stomped over to the window and looked down to figure out what was going on. He and his father had moved into an old Victorian almost two weeks ago. The place was practically falling apart (in Loki’s opinion), but his father had said he had gotten a ‘steal’ on it and with the money they had made from selling their house in upstate New York, they could make any number of renovations to it and still have lots left over for other important plans for the future (namely, Loki’s college, as his father had reminded him when Loki had complained for the umpteenth time about not wanting to move).   Loki had made sure to tell his dad he likely wouldn’t even make it to college if he had to go to school with kids he didn’t know.  He had also accused his father of being heartless for picking him up, at the end of his sophomore year no less, and forcing him to move to a new town.  It had been almost three years since Loki’s mother had died (a few weeks before Loki’s thirteenth birthday), and his father had said that he was tired of living with the “ghosts” of their past.  That was the only part Loki had remotely agreed on.  The reminders of his mother had been hard.  It wasn’t just the house.  Everyone in their town had known her.  Everyone still looked at Loki and his father with pity.  And it had just been one of those tragic things.  No one could have prevented the accident.  No one had done anything wrong, so there had been no one to “blame.”  Farbauti’s car had skidded on a patch of black ice while she was driving over the bridge on the way home from work at the hospital late one night.  She had gone over the divider, and plunged into the freezing waters.  The coroner’s report had said that she had died quickly; hadn't suffered very much.  But that knowledge hadn’t made it hurt any less.  And it hadn’t made it any easier to deal with.  Sighing, Loki shook his head to clear it of the painful thoughts.  His mother had died when he was twelve.  He was fifteen now (sixteen in just four months), but whenever he thought of his mother he always returned to that moment when his father sat him down and told him his mom wouldn’t be coming home again; he was keenly aware of feeling like a child.  Frowning, Loki tried to distract himself with what was going on below his window.  Eyes tracking the length of the expansive backyard (that clearly needed a good amount of landscaping work), Loki could see that the workers had unloaded quite a lot of their supplies already.  He saw wheelbarrows, tools, large bags of what he guessed was cement or mortar, piles of lumber and bricks.  The backyard looked nothing like what it had looked like last night. Hearing a car door slam, he glanced toward the end of the yard and saw a large utility van with the words “Borson Family Contractors” emblazoned on its side in red, gold and black.  Loki couldn’t really tell what kind of “family” the Borsons were, since the men who were making trips to and from the truck were about as dissimilar as possible.  There was a towering, yet quite portly, man with fire-red hair and a massive beard.  Even though his figure was quite intimidating, Loki noticed that his face was often split into a wide grin, and the skin around his eyes crinkled with mirth.  Almost as a complete opposite, was a placid-looking Asian man.  He was so serious that Loki was sure he hadn’t seen the man smile once the entire morning.  But Loki often found him watching the others, like a silent protector.  And he was always the first one at one of his friends’ sides to lend a hand when someone stumbled while carrying something or otherwise needed help.  Then there was a slender blonde.  He didn’t seem the type to be in construction, and Loki noted that he tend
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Extremely Dubious Consent
Sexual Coercion
Loki's 15
Thor's Pretty Much a Bad Guy (With a Few Redeeming Qualities)
Thor's Entitled and a Bit of a Sadist
Underage Sex
Age Difference
Blackmail
Rough Sex
Alternate Universe
Mentions of Organized Crime
Laufey's a Good Dad (But Just Isn't At Home as Much as He Should Be)
Humiliation
Emotional Manipulation
Drama
Angst
teenage emotions

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

