Chapter 1: It's not what I imagined
    




Chapter Text
Afterwards it was hard to tell what exactly had happened and when exactly Deadpool had appeared (and why he was even here) and how the bomb had come into play. But afterwards Peter didn't particularly care anymore about any of that, because stuff was exploding and the whole building was coming down around him and he was kind of busy with escaping and trying not to die.
You know. A regular Tuesday night.  He stumbled more than he jumped and eventually he collapsed on a roof - any roof, seriously, he wasn't picky right now, but it was high and secluded and roofs made him feel safer somehow… Everything hurt. He tried to get up again, but failed. He couldn’t breathe and very faintly he thought that couldn’t be good, because oxygen was kind of important for silly little things like brain cells or… other stuff.And then all of a sudden somebody tore at his face and it felt like they were trying to rip the skin right of his bones. Except it wasn't his face, of course, it was the damn mask…
Peter smelled burning spandex and gagged. He made a painful noise deep in his throat that got interrupted by hacking coughs. His mask came off with a tearing sound that made Peter wince (Sometimes his suit felt too much like parts of his own body too ever watch comfortable how it got ripped to pieces), and instinctively he tried to escape. He didn't get very far, before he bumped into a wall. He was still coughing; trying not to suffocate had priority right now, so it was difficult to focus on the blurry figure in front of him. It was red and black and familiar and way too close."…you need mouth-to-mouth? Because I can totally do that! Even though I‘m probably more of a sucker than a blower if you know what I mean. I like to bite, too, makes the girls go all wild. Do you need mouth-to-mouth? I promise not to bite, except if you want me to. Spidey? You want me to bite you?“Peter wanted to die.
"…go…-way….,“ he rasped. He lowered his head and pressed his face against his knees.He could deal with a lot right now, but not with Deadpool. Definitely not with Deadpool."Hey come on, man, that really hurt my feelings! Not cool! I was totally doing the heroic thing here and saved your life. “There was a lot Peter could have said to that, but he couldn’t breathe. "Bomb…?" He choked out. "Hey, that one wasn't mine! It was the green dude's! You can't blame me for everything, you know, at least not until you can prove my alleged involvement in the Kennedy assassination." The Green Goblin. So Peter had been right about the whole thing being a trap.
Great. And it would be even greater if the world would finally stop spinning around him. A surprisingly gentle hand touched his neck. "I know, they say you should put your head between your knees when you’re about to faint, which is rubbish by the way – I had my head between my knees once and I still felt pretty crappy; but of course I was missing my upper body at that point to that might have something to do with it… where was I? Oh yeah. When you’re about to suffocate it’s probably not cool to press your face against something. Kinda counterproductive if you ask me. So come on. Do your thing. You know. Breathing. Stuff.“Peter raised his head and squinted at him. Working on it, he wanted to say. What do you think what I’m trying to do here?
But then something in Deadpool’s face…mask…changed, something subtle but there and Peter forgot anything he might have wanted to say.
Because…crap.
Crap!He felt himself blanche and panic.
His mask was gone. His mask was a burning piece of spandex laying on the ground a few feet away from him. Deadpool wasn’t supposed to see him without his mask. Deadpool wasn’t ever supposed to see his face."The fuck,“ Deadpool said slowly. He was staring at him in a way that made Peter feel decidedly uncomfortable, and this was saying something, considering Deadpool had a habit of leering at him at the most inappropriate times.
"Are you kidding me?" he eventually gasped. "How OLD are you? Twelve?“Peter glared at him. Because seriously? That was the issues here?"I tried to maim you a few times! You should have said something! Shit! Dude! I don’t maim kids. I just shave their heads or hit them with a candy bar, tops. Sometimes I spank them, but only if they deserve it. Scout's honor.“"You're not even a scout.“
His voice gave out halfway through and more hacking coughs forced their way out of his throat. His head was swimming and his chest constricted painfully; by now he was pretty sure he was suffering from severe smoke inhalation… and wasn’t it fun that this wasn’t even on top of his list ‚Things that really suck right now‘?.He pressed his eyes shut and tried to concentrate on not-suffocating, which yeah, wasn’t working so well for him at the moment.A hand started to pat back of his head, somewhat awkwardly and way too hard and Peter would have rolled his eyes, except even this seemed like too much of an effort right now. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Superfamily
Hurt/Comfort
Wade has standards

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

