Chapter 1: Magic is the Answer to Everything
    




Chapter Text
 Loki was lonely.It was a ridiculous thought for the God of Mischief to have. If he had been sober, he would have been kicking himself for experiencing an emotion as petty as self-pity.But he was not sober. In fact, he was incredibly, unbelievably drunk.He had not meant to get so intoxicated. Loki despised such displays, since they cracked his prized masks, and thus made him unable to reach for one of the few things he had left. But tonight, he had been feeling particularly frustrated and more than a little concerned.Thor's coronation was proceeding as planned. It would happen in only a week. None of the warnings Loki had given the All-Father had reached his ears.Like everyone else, his father believed Loki to simply want the throne for himself. It was completely ridiculous.Yes, Loki was jealous, but only because of the way Thor so effortlessly made friends without doing a thing to deserve their affection. Even now, he cheered and drank with the Warriors Three and Sif, while Loki sat in a corner, forgotten.Loki had long ago made his peace with the fact that he was not warm and charismatic like his golden brother, that despite his silver tongue, he did not inspire trust in people. But still, at this late hour, with the mead hazing his thoughts, he couldn't help but simply wish for just... one friend. One genuine friend who would care for him and not just use him for his seidr, only to laugh at him seconds later.His seidr. Of course.Loki was a master of magic. Sorcery had always been his response. In fact, he already had a plan at the ready for the day of Thor's coronation—just a bit of fun to spoil his brother's big day and make their father see the truth. Surely his magic could offer an answer to this new dilemma as well.Loki shot to his feet and narrowly managed not to stumble. Thor seemed to notice him for the first time in hours. "Brother! Where are you going? The night is still young.""I believe I will leave further drinking to you and your friends, Thor," Loki replied, proud when he didn't slur. "You do it so well."He turned on his heel and headed out of the feasting hall. Behind him, he heard Volstagg belch. "Leave him. You know how he is. He could never hold his drink."Thor boisterously laughed. Loki didn't hear his reply. He was already thinking on a potential spell that could answer his question.How could he, Loki, God of Chaos and Lies, acquire a friend?His chambers held many tomes, prized treasures he had found during his travels. There were many suggestions—ranging from summoning familiars, to creating a golem, or even mind-control. None of them satisfied Loki.He wanted more.The problem was with him, Loki realized. He needed to be a creature people would want to befriend. But how did one do that?Loki skimmed through the books, but he found nothing. His gaze fell onto the seer's bowl. He was a talented shape-shifter. Perhaps a more appealing shape would help?Loki poured water into the bowl and focused on his question. His head was a little fuzzy, but it was a simple enough inquiry. What type of creature made friends easily?An image appeared in the water. It was of a tiny Midgardian feline. The feline was licking its paw, flicking its tail lazily. It seemed to get up on a whim and make its way to a peculiar item of furniture where a mortal sat.The mortal seemed focused on something else entirely—engrossed in a chronicle of sorts. When the feline made a noise and scratched at his leg, he mumbled and waved it off. But the feline was insistent.Much to Loki's surprise, in mere minutes, the mortal abandoned his previous activity and was happily combing and petting the feline.A Midgardian cat. Such a puny creature, but with such power. Yes, it was a suitable guise.The spell was in itself, not difficult, and Loki had shifted into similar creatures before. However, Loki had no interest in being without his seidr even in his cat form so he had to adjust it a bit.It took a good couple of hours, but finally, he was satisfied he had a clear understanding of the process. By now, his head had also cleared a bit. He was still drunk, but not as much as he had been. Mostly, he was excited about seeing where this new experiment would take him.Breathing in deeply, Loki allowed the shift to flow over him. He felt his body shrink... and oh dear, he should have really considered removing his armor before he changed shapes. He narrowly managed not to avoid being crushed under its weight—he was not a normal cat, but he didn't want to test the limits of the spell just yet—by extending his seidr and teleporting on the edge of the bed.The empty clothes and armor fell to the floor. Loki was too busy admiring his new form in the mirror to care. He had a black, glossy coat, and a long graceful tail. His eyes remained the same green as they had been. Amusingly, his fur was adorned in places with slight gold tufts reminiscent of his ceremonial armor. There were ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Frigga & Loki
Laufey & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Lokitty
Animal Transformation
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Self-Esteem Issues
Friends to Lovers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fluff and Angst
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Gets a Hug
Cuddling & Snuggling
BAMF Loki
Protective Loki
Protective Kitty Loki
Cat Loki
Loki the badass cat
Fantastic Racism
Odin's Parenting
BAMF Tony
Laufey's Good Parenting
Fix-It
Politics
King Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Frigga & Loki
Laufey & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Thor

