Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 When he next returned to Midgard, Thor's heart was heavier than it had been in many a year. Even on his last descent, though half-wild with anxiety and his heart heavy with dread at all Loki had wrought upon this world, he had not felt anything like the same despair. For then there was still the promise of action to stir his blood; then there was still the possibility, however distant, that Loki might reconcile with him and come back to Asgard in peace. Then, there had been  hope.  Now, there was not even that. He still loved his brother. He didn't think that will ever stop, not unless the beating of his heart were to stop along with it. But love was no longer enough. All Loki did at home -- bringing the Jotun into Asgard, assaulting Heimdall, sending the Destroyer, raining death down upon Jotunheim -- it could be argued. It could be waived. It could, perhaps, be forgiven. But there was no forgiveness for what Loki had done in his madness, in his cruel game that was no longer a game. People had  died.   People died in in the laboratory and they died in Germany and they died on the Helicarrier while Thor  watched   and could do  nothing  --  and they died in New York, too, even whilst they labored to bring down Loki's strange, hideous army from the sky. They were only mortals, perhaps, but they were people all the same and their deaths could not be overlooked. So it went. Loki had returned to Asgard to stand trial. Midgard was under the protection of the Allfather and his crimes would be weighed and retribution distributed appropriately. Thor loved his brother, but he knew with a heavy heart that there was nothing he could say or do to shield Loki from the consequences of his actions. The justice of his people was harsh -- it had to be, to hold sway over a people so proud, so strong and so resistant to censure, who lived so long and could carry grudges for eons of time. Thor did not know what the punishment was to be, but he knew it would not be light. Loki would survive it, of that Thor was certain. He had the resilience of his people --  both    his peoples -- and his body was not weak. But Thor feared  for what would become of Loki's mind afterwards. He was already so twisted, so warped by rage and pain. It could not possibly do aught but ill, to force yet more pain upon him.  Thor knew not what else to do. He could see no way past this tangle. So when Odin took command again, Thor had no thoughts but to do his bidding. Mother always said that there was a reason for everything his father did, no matter how arbitrary nor cruel it seemed at the time. And now Odin had ordered him back to Midgard, there to collect the evidence needed for his brother's trial. It was a logical assignment. Thor had witnessed the entire debacle from start to finish and already knew the gist of all that had befallen. He was known to the mortals, was deep in their conferences and already 'cleared' by their security. It would be easy for him to get the requested information, without going through the no-doubt tedious negotiations of an official envoy. Nonetheless it was an assignment that gave him no joy. Thor's glory had always been in the battle, never the gruesome aftermath of the battlefield. Although they had won their battle against the Chitauri invaders -- and it had been glorious, no one could deny that -- the crumbled concrete shells and twisted metal girders left Thor feeling as defeated as he ever had after any rout.  There was a heavy weight in his step that had never been there before as he walked the streets of New York City. Mere days had passed on Asgard since the princes had returned -- one triumphant, one disgraced -- but over a month had elapsed in the mortal realm. Much of the debris had already been cleared, and in some places skeletal new repairs showed above the ravaged skyline. Truly the mortals were a resilient people, recovering quickly from shock and lending their industry towards rebuilding what had been lost. But that could not diminish the impact and tragedy of what had transpired to bring this great city to such a pass. The folded parchment -- SHIELD had not been able to make use of any of Mimir's memory crystals, nor he of their flashing drives, so they had compromised on this printing -- lay on his breast like a lead weight. Frozen images, transcripts of the video footage of Loki's first emergence into Midgard. A detailed timeline of the events of the days that followed. Estimated monetary damages, ranging in the billions. Estimated death tolls -- even now, weeks later, they had not found all the bodies, and likely never would.  Brother, how could you do such a thing?   Thor thought, furious and grieving.   However hurt and angry you may have been, these people never did a thing to harm you! Why did you not bring your army against Asgard, as would have been an honorable and proper path to your vendetta?   That Loki had directed his thwarted rage against the weaker, undefen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Mind Control
Angst
this is how I show I love my characters
by hurting them lots
Sleep Deprivation
Brainwashing
Depression
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki & Thor

