Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Blackout Cake 
Erik Lensherr was the most powerful mutant in Genosha and quite possibly, in the whole world. He was its cofounder, known to both the mutant and human crowds as Magneto, the metallokinetic. He’d shown the humans the extent of his powers when he’d been able to avert a war by manipulating the nuclear warheads away from Genosha in the earlier days, when the mutants had been slowly building the country for themselves. This had cemented his supremacy. He’d even established most of the government as it contained most of his team members. Not to mention that many of his team members were the strongest mutants. There was no challenging his position as number one.Then he’d started hearing of a Professor X. Apparently this X had pulled some impressive strings to acquire the island for mutants and had helped the infrastructure of the country. He’d also heard that this Professor X was the one who had brought in Hank McCoy, Ororo Munroe, Scott Summers, and the insufferable Logan Howlett for the government. This Professor X was rumored to be more powerful than his Emma and Jean. Erik had been positively baffled at the enormous public backing this supposed strongest mutant had. For Pete’s sake, no one had even seen the man.Erik knew he had to get to the bottom of this.---“Well Erik, I don't think it’s just a rumor,” Emma frowned at him. “This Professor seems to be everywhere. I’ve tried to locate him, but no one who’s met him remembers a face or a person clearly. They just know. It’s actually quite confusing.”Erik grits his teeth.“They just know? What if this is just a mind controller?” he asks Emma. Mind controllers are pretty easy to deal with, and Jean was more than enough to bring them in.Emma rolls her eyes at him. “Sweetie, even I can deal with a mind controller. Maybe this is the work of a much larger group?”That made sense. A group of people combining their powers to make it seem like there was a singularly powerful person for the sake of uniting the mutant public.“Even if it was a larger group, they really aren’t doing anything wrong. If anything,” Mystique made her way to the sofa in the room, plopping down. “They’ve improved our image and relations with human governments are better than ever.”“Then why doesn’t this Professor ever show his face?” Erik exclaimed. “Why is he hiding?”“Well dear, you don't seem to like him at all,” Emma started. “The last few press meetings have made that very clear.”“It’s not like I don't like him,” Erik protested. “I just wish he or they would make their intentions clear.”“It’s not like they haven’t.’’ Mystique argued.Honestly, whose side where these two on, thought Erik. They were supposed to help him for lord’s sake, not dump all the work on this Professor. He glared at the two women on the sofa. It was really too bad that he needed these two. Maybe Azazel and Gambit would have a different view.They all met later on the day for lunch. It was customary to have a group lunch when there wasn’t anything important to discuss with the rest of the government. Erik rather liked this, seeing as he could observe the people the Professor had sent him. He hadn’t made much progress, seeing as they all would band together and leave him out of the talk. Erik was reduced to a bystander during these lunches, but it gave him ample opportunity to observe and spy.Today’s topic was Professor X and Erik was delighted. He would squeal if he could, but he was Magneto to the other people, so he kept quiet and paid rapt attention to the argument. Perhaps the Professor’s contributions to the government of Genosha would speak their views on the man.“Really?” said Hank, one of Professor’s earliest contributions. He was fiercely loyal to his group and vehemently opinionated about the way Erik handled issues. “The professor only wants to avoid conflict. And I think he’s been doing a damn good job so far.”Emma scoffed. “But many of the humans still despise us, so I wouldn’t call it a complete success.”“That’s why we’re here,” Logan snapped. Erik really hated that creature. No tact, no patience, and you couldn’t even kill it. “We’re supposed to be the excellent government that deals with this shit in a way that makes everyone like us. You’re fucking it all up with your stupid press conferences and the way you act at meetings.”Erik grimaced. It wasn’t his fault that the humans were stupid. Honestly, they thought they could lie to him and cheat him when he had a telepath. Honestly, plastic guns? The chairs and tables always had enough metal to kill them all. Erik thought they acted like teenagers, brash and without thought. It wasn’t his fault he treated them the same.“I agree,” said Mystique. “Magneto hasn’t been on his best behavior these last few months. But maybe it’s because the Professor’s actions are unnerving. We just want to know if we have an enemy in this man or an ally.”“Not exactly an ally,” Scott spoke from next to Jean. Erik wanted to throw him across the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Erik is Crushing Harder than a 12-year Old Girl
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic
Erik thinks Charles needs to be protected
Its so obvious Charles is Professor X
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
I Will Go Down With This Ship
Not Beta Read
Charles Being Concerned

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

