Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Run home little princess…”
Laufey let’s his eyes wander over the destruction that is taking place, brought on by a testing insult that had worked just the way Laufey had predicted.
The golden god had no restraint, young and foolish that he was, and his actions would prove more than enough cause to embark in a new war against Asgard.
This time it would be Asgard’s fault, started by the anger of a young god, and the danger of war may be enough to discuss the return of the casket of winters. 
Jotunheim had been too long without its power. 
Laufey’s eyes glitter when he notes the destruction that Mjölnir brings down on his realm, the anger that Odin’s son pours over the Frost Giants. He sees man after man fall; some injured severely others lost to the purpose of retrieving one of the most important items of the realm. 
He lets his eyes wander, debating whether to send in more troops, when he saw it. 
The younger of the Odinsons, as tall as his brother, but fairer, lighter, uses his magic to fight the oncoming warriors. He was causing less harm than the war-mongering older prince, distracting them from the golden god, protecting where he could, harming when needed.
Layfey had watched with interest that he used magic, not common in Asgard, and only used by few in Jotunheim. His magic was wonderful to watch; although destructive it was almost effortless in its power.
Red eyes followed as Loki ducked and jumped, and finally was grabbed by one of his Frosten warriors, a good tactic to put fear into the hearts of lesser beings as the touch burned the skin, disabling body and mind….but when the young prince’s armor fell off his arm, his pink flesh did not turn black but blue as the Jotun. 
Laufey caught his breath as he tried to understand the implication of what he had just witnessed and how he would be able to use it for his advantage. 
He could see confusion on the young god’s face, as if this was a surprise, making way for something like horror and then something that may or may not have been understanding.
The Jotun warrior holding the Odinson raised his red eyes questioningly, as if he could find an answer by just staring at his opponent, and the hesitation caused him his life as the Loki got himself back under control and slayed him with a well thrown dagger to the chest. 
Laufey then knew that the gift of the young god’s invasion was greater than he had hoped for. 
Immune to the touch…….
The youngest Odinson was immune to the touch, turning blue…there had been stories about children surviving in both realms, able to adapt to both system, both Aesir and Jotun, but at the same time neither.
One way or another, this young god could be very useful for Laufey’s plans.
Very useful indeed. 
He knew that he had to act quickly to not lose this advantage that formed in his mind.
Laufey turned, mind racing, hurrying back to the main castle where his sons were navigating the warriors that were available.
“Hellblindli!” He called his youngest, which turned quickly, bowing his head respectfully when he recognized his father. 
“Capture the dark prince, the young Odinson. We need him!”
Hellblindli stared for a moment, then nodding and turning.
He had never been one for many words, and today proved no different.
He would follow orders. King Laufey would explain later if he thought it necessary.
He summoned the best of his warriors, discussing the wishes of his king with them, preparing for capturing instead of killing. 
When Fandral was pierced by the ice straight in the chest, screaming his surprise and pain into the sky, everyone but Thor realized that it was time to retreat.
Laufey watched the young Odinson as he screamed at his older brother, finally losing his temper: “We must go NOW!”
And Laufey watched as his son Hellblindli and the warriors he selected stayed close and trotted behind the youngest prince when they took off. 
Running like rabbits the Asgardians where, the Jotun Ice Giants following behind closely, the mighty she- beast that Laufey had released as a distraction chasing them in a wonderful hunt.
Thor laughed over the icy storm like a mad man; his voice echoed of the dark icy walls in a land plunged into darkness.
Laufey ran along with his men, for his age still fast and agile, jumping over cliffs and rocks, but instead of watching and following his son and the youngest of the Odinsons as his wish was, he made himself chase the golden god and his encourage, to see if he could take them prisoner before they had a chance to leave the realm.
In the meantime the selected warriors, one which was a mage as well, gained ground on Loki, slowly sending him away from the others by magically pulling rocks and walls into his path, separating him without the trickster god or the others realizing at first, leaving him to fend for himself.
When he was out of sight for a couple of seconds from the other Asgardians, jumping into a shallow ditch, still running fast and without breaking stride, two
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Laufey/Loki

freeform: 
Rape
Hostage Situation
Kidnapping
Forced Relationship
Mpreg
Physical Abuse
Revenge
there is seriously something wrong with my head.
no one should read this ever
Murder
Amnesia
dark!
Infanticide
Size Kink

fandom: 
Laufey/Loki

