Work Text:

 
When Johnny met Darcy, he was just walking into the Avengers building, duffel bag over his shoulder, lifting his sunglasses high and letting out a whistle at the impressive, sleek lobby."You might wanna keep those on," a voice called out, adding a snort. "The glare of Stark's grandiose 'look at how rich I am, I can afford a wall-aquarium of endangered fish' might burn your retinas."He turned slowly, searching her out, before finally his gaze landed on a brunette, signing a number papers one of the spooks was holding out for her; she shrugged her long dark hair so it draped over one shoulder. She looked like she was fresh out of college; still wearing the broken-in jeans and loose sweater of comfort, but the SHIELD agents were all acting like she was of the higher-up variety.All Johnny knew was that she was hot; with a pretty face and some serious curves going on. He pasted on a grin and walked toward her. "The Human Torch," he introduced himself, hand out. He winked. "But you can call me Johnny."She snorted at his suggestive tone. "Thanks Luis; get those up to Coulson ASAP," she told the agent, before turning her attention fully to Johnny; she shook his hand, hard and quick. "I'm sure you've had enough women calling out your name," she said, lips tilted amusingly. "FYI, I work with Tony Stark, so this…" She waved a finger up and down to take him all in. "Juvenile pick-up stuff." She reached up and patted his cheek.Back to business, she continued, "Agent Ryerson—" Another agent seemed to come out of the shadows of lurkdom, package in hand. "—has your welcome package; it's got everything you need in it. Emergency numbers, like who to call when something blows up, which it will. Or which alarm to hit when the big green guy comes a'calling; trust me, he's just a big angry teddy bear that could squish you with his thumb. Or, my favorite, when one of Tony's inventions goes rogue and starts plotting world domination…" Her eyed widened for emphasis. "Yeah, we have protocols for that.""It was only the once, Miss Darcy," a floating voice replied, loud enough to be heard over the hustle and bustle but far enough away that Johnny knew it wasn't exactly standing with them."Once is all it takes, JARVIS. High school Health class," she replied with a mock sigh. "Oh! That reminds me." She pointed upward and Johnny's gaze slowly followed to see what she was trying to show him; he found the ceiling. "JARVIS is a kickass AI who has electronic eyes and ears on everything. He's snarky, super smart, and stealthy like a fox. He'll help you out when he can, if you're lost or in trouble or you wanna find out who put your underwear in the freezer…" She raised a hand. "Heads up, it was me."He blinked and finally looked back at her. "I'd appreciate the old school pranks, but, snag in the plan, I don't wear underwear…" He shrugged. "I like it loose.""You wear a spandex suit," she reminded glibly.He grinned. "I wear only a spandex suit."She snorted. "That sounds mildly unhygienic."His brow hiked "Topic change; you are…?"She grinned. "Darcy Lewis, babysitter extraordinaire to the Avengers…" She shrugged. "I make sure nobody gets maimed… too much. That they all eat—" She amended, "Well, mostly the scientists three on that one, actually. 'Cause Steve, Thor, and Clint are pretty much always eating if they can. And Natasha's independent to the extreme." She ticked off a finger. "I read them their bedtime stories and tuck them into their little Avengers beds at night. Make sure they don't ruin the public image SHIELD mocked up for them. Mediate their many, many petty arguments, often about who has a better suit." She raised a finger. "Just so we're clear; it's Natasha. It's always Natasha. Don't get on her bad side and don't let any of the boys think you like one over the other; they're mildly narcissistic toddlers with muscles.""Your job sounds stressful…" He wiggled his eyebrows. "Maybe I can help."She laughed. "Don't worry about it; there's an app for that." She winked before walking past him. "Welcome to my playground, Storm. Try not to break anything.""No promises," he called back."They never promise." She turned her head up. "JARVIS, clue me in, what's the sitch?""I'm afraid Dr. Banner and Mr. Stark have congregated in one of the labs… There's been talk of black holes…"Darcy quickened her steps. "Not again…" she muttered. "Send DUM-E in with the fire extinguisher until I get there; distract them as long as you can.""Of course," he intoned.Johnny's head tipped as he tried to process that.Black holes… huh.Could be interesting.An agent suddenly walked over and handed him a basket before returning to lurkdom, speaking into his cuff as he went."The exotic cheeses were Mr. Stark's idea. The calming herbal teas, great in times of overwhelming stress, were Doctor Banner's," JARVIS told him. "The various self-made manuals about what to do during various crisis, of which there are many and have all been put to great use, are Miss Lewi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis Crossover Week

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Johnny Storm

