Chapter 1: Challange Accepted is a Terrible Life Philosophy
    




Chapter Text
The crudite were, Tony supposed, acceptable. He'd give the All New York Orphaned Dogs Fund, or whatever this function was for, that much.They'd skimped on the Champagne, though. He sighed, swirling the disturbingly yellow substance around his glass as he watched Steve on the dance floor. Surprising to Steve and Steve alone, the good Captain was a smash hit with ladies of all ages. His dance card had been booked solid for the last two hours.Tony considered going in to run interference to give the poor man a break, but 1) Super Soldier, and 2) he seemed genuinely interested in whatever each and every one of the society matrons and debutantes was saying. Old fashioned manners, Tony scoffed. They'd gone out of fashion for a reason.'Yeah, never thought I'd be looking for an excuse to leave a party until Sue roped me into the first one of these things.'Tony swiveled, peering over his shades at Johnny Storm. He shot Tony a grin, waggling a toothpick between pearly teeth before leaning against the bar by Tony. A lot closer than was strictly speaking necessary. Well, then.'I thought you were the original attention whore,' Tony let his fingers brush against Storm's tight abs as he turned to put his disappointing drink down on the bar. 'Don't tell me you've run out of celebutantes to woo.'Storm's eyes went heavy lidded, and Tony grinned as he felt a hand sneak onto his arse. 'Well, with Captain Manners hogging all the attention, the rest of us mooks don't stand a chance, do we?'Tony watched Steve dip a laughing, bejewelled woman who was probably twenty years too young for him if Tony wanted to be bitchy and work off birth-years, and turned his best grin back on Storm.'I know for a fact that the coat check boy's been in the alley smoking pot for the past hour,' he leaned in, letting his lips catch on Storm's ear. 'Wanna go make time?'****The coat check room was small enough that two full grown men had to get a little creative to get anything done in there, but after a few false starts, Tony managed to work Storm's pants down far enough to get a good grip. A spectacular grip when he slung his leg around Storm's waist and arched up into him.'Oh yeah,' Storm groaned, sucking a mark into Tony's throat. 'Work it, you damn hussy.''I think neither of us has any room for calling anyone easy,' Tony laughed, bringing his hand up to lick it before jerking Storm's cock with renewed fervour. 'And if you sass me, I'm making you suck me.''Like I wasn't going to anyway,' Storm scoffed, undulating against Tony in a really distracting manner before dropping to his knees and wrenching Tony's pants open. Tony was pretty sure some part of the fastening broke, but it was hardly going to be the first time he'd leave one of these things mussed and with his pants hanging open. He ran his hands over Storm's scalp, hair too short to get a grip in it, and urged him forward.Storm sucked him down in one sweet move, humming around Tony's cock and slipping his fingers around Tony's sac to tease at his entrance.'Oh yeah,' Tony leaned back against the wall, letting Storm knock his legs further apart and closing his eyes to revel in the feel. 'Damn, you're good. Come on, little harder-''Hey Stark, you asshole,' Clint shouted, slamming the door open and letting the light flood in. 'You ain't allowed to throw us to the... oh.'Tony opened his eyes to see Clint, mouth open and eyes a little glazed as he stared. Behind him, the crowd had a clear line of sight, even better when Clint sort of sagged against the door. He felt Storm's mouth go slack as he turned, and then saw the flashclicks of a hundred Starkphones taking the same picture. Traitorous little bastards, he thought.If only Spider-man had been involved, Tony thought, J Jonah Jameson would've had a stroke from unadulterated glee and then there would have been an upside to the brewing mess.'What the fuck, Stark?' someone demanded, and Tony thought it was Christine. Urgh, of course it was Christine, and Pepper wasn't here to help run interference or to keep Tony from blurting out 'What? Don't you harsh on our epic love!'He could feel Storm shaking with laughter under his hand, and just to prove that they are brothers from different mothers in the worst way, Storm said 'Baby, I didn't want them to find out like this.'Tony could see Thor's awesome grin in the background, so at least there's one person present who'll be on his side, but then his eyes slid a few feet over and there was Steve's shocked grimace for a moment before Steve turned and stormed out of the hall.

Great. The Star Spangled Old Timer has yet another reason to hate Tony. They've been working well in the field; Cap's even got a bit of a mouth on him, which delighted Tony no end to find out. But at home...



They've gotten into a brittle, polite “certainly, Captain, let me get out of your way” sort of relationship. Which is the best Tony could hope for; he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Johnny Storm
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Tony you're a troll
Casual Sex
Pining
Accidental Engagement
Threesome - M/M/M
No beta we die like mne

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Johnny Storm
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Johnny Storm

