Work Text:
-----It began on a crisp day in December.  They had just finished rounding up what remained of the trashed robotic zoo animals they had been fighting, and they were all tired and covered in rubble. Steve snapped his shield onto his back, and looked over his team. He noticed Bucky standing stock still in the middle of the road, staring. He approached cautiously. If Bucky was having an episode, the last thing he needed was someone casually strolling up to him and laying a heavy hand on his shoulder. But as he approached, Bucky blinked at him, and narrowed his eyes. "Did you know about this?""Know about what?" Bucky grabbed his jaw (with his flesh hand), and swiveled it towards whatever he'd been staring so intently at. Steve was glad Bucky was holding his jaw, otherwise it probably would have landed on the street. He'd always assumed that Tony just wore regular clothing under the suit, all the time. Whenever he saw him exit the suit, he always wore civilian clothing. But this was clearly not civilian clothing. The skin-tight, charcoal gray under suit was really...something. Without his consent, his eyes wandered over every dip and curve emphasized by the garment. It was all on display, from his narrow shoulders to his trim waist. And once his eyes landed on his backside, his face burned guiltily. But his eyes refused to move away from that one spot, and he became quite conscious of he fact that his own suit didn't leave much to the imagination. He he was relieved yet oddly disappointed when Bucky yanked his head back to face him. "How did I never notice that?""I've never seen it, Buck. I think it's new." "Not even just the suit, Stevie. The ass under the suit." Steve pursed his lips. He'd never get over how blunt Buck could be about things like this. He was used to the dirty subjects (the Howling Commandos had beaten the shame of sex out of him, despite popular belief), but he'd never be able to say things like that so easily. "Buck, come on. That's not alright-""Steven Grant Rogers. Do not lie and say that you're not thinking the same things I am." He couldn't meet his eyes, because he was thinking it. He was thinking it hard. This was so bad. He willed the thoughts away, and steeled himself. He really didn't need to be sporting a hard-on on the way back to the tower.---- "Ah-ah. Steve..."
 

A flash of grey, and a glimmer in those honey-brown eyes.
 
"Steve..."
 
Tan skin, flushed and covered with sweat.
 
"Steve..."
 
Full lips and long eyelashes...if he leaned down just a little farther he could count them while he sent both of them tumbling over the edge-
 "Steve!" Steve awoke with a gasp, images flying past his eyelids. He could feel his aching hard-on and he groaned into his pillow before rolling over. He blinked. Bucky was far closer than he thought, literally kneeling over on top of him. He tried to scoot away, and bit back a moan when the movement caused friction against his erection. "Buck, what are you doing-" His sentence ended with a choke as Bucky attacked his neck. He went from kneeling over him to straddling him, and through the haze of pleasure he realized Bucky had a matching issue as well. "Heard you on my way to the bathroom. I'm guessing you had the same dream I did?""Wha-""Don't lie to me, Stevie. I heard you moaning and groaning from the living room. And when I peeked in you were tossing and turning like you just couldn't seem to stop." Steve chose to grab Bucky's ass and pull him harder against himself in lieu of an answer. They both were rubbing against each other like teenagers, and neither seemed to care that much. Bucky stuck his hand down his boxers, and Steve's breath hitched before he let out a long moan. He returned the favor, and it was only a few minutes later that they both came, gasping for air. They looked at each other for a moment once they got their wits back. Steve sank deeper into the mattress. "We have to do something."-----Neither Bucky nor Steve were in a good mood. They were at SHIELD, debriefing. Normally, Steve would be paying attention like the Boy Scout he is, and Bucky would be cleaning whatever weapon he brought with him to alleviate his boredom. Coulson had attempted to put a ban on weapons at debriefs, but after noticing just how many weapons the two two Russians had on their person between them, he figured it was a losing battle and just ignored it at this point. But Steve was not paying attention at the moment, and Bucky was still cleaning his weapon, only with a lot more hostility. Tony had been wearing that damn flight suit again, and quite a few agents had taken notice. Now, they were used to him being admired. All of them were. But something about this time in particular left them on edge, ready to snap, or in Bucky's case, snap fingers if one more person found an excuse to touch him. Tony by was immersed in his work like usual, using his tablet to scrawl notes and maneuver variables and whatever other scientific nonsense he always spouted
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Clothing Kink
OT3
Threesome
Smut
Possessive Behavior
Oblivious Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

