Work Text:
They were well into hyperspace by the time the shakes finally caught up with Tony. Three hours out from the Tannhauser cluster, with the ship fully under their control (the still-living members of the previous crew having been laboriously shifted down to the prison block to keep Obie company), and with the original AI partially back online.(Tony had taken to calling her Babs for a personal name, since her original name, buried under Obadiah's corruption, had been Barbara. As in Saint, as in the patron saint of artillerymen and engineers and other people prone to blowing shit up. He wasn't sure yet whose joke that had been, his, Obie's, or hers. They did sometimes take their own names, and she had been flying a ship named Iron Monger. And then one named Avenger. So there was that.)Maybe that was why they hit him there. In the lull, when they'd done most of what they could do to prepare for the upcoming battle, when JARVIS had mostly taken Babs under his wing, leaving Tony a little superfluous. When the SHIELD crew had gathered warily back inside the bridge, their presence suddenly pressing after the busy few hours where he'd been more or less alone while they shifted bodies, and more or less sufficiently distracted.From the knowledge of what had just happened. What had almost happened, what had actually happened, Obie's face. The hum of nanites under his skin, and the knowledge, the memory, of their original purpose. He'd been ... distracted, from that. More or less. And now ... not so much.JARVIS caught it first. The shaking under the armour, the tremors juddering though him that set the armour to sparking, to shifting fitfully around him. The black ball of ... something, in his head, in his mind, under his skin. The shaking that started, suddenly, and then just didn't stop. JARVIS saw it first.{Sir!} The thought sounded in his head, thrown up through the shaking of his nets, and JARVIS plunged through him, spread himself shining through Tony's thoughts and curled Tony close. {Sir, what is it?}Tony shook his head mutely, distantly aware that he was backing up, that he'd bumped into something, probably a wall. Slid down it, into a huddle. Also that the armour was having a mild panic attack right along with him, flexing itself in and out in search of an invisible threat. That was probably alarming his guests, Tony thought distantly. That was probably not doing him any favours in the I-am-not-a-crazy-galactic-warlord stakes.{Don't know,} he cast, shaking his head, wondering as his sight seemed to dim and fail. Mechanical failure. Well, biological, but same difference. {J-JARVIS ...}{Scanning, sir,} JARVIS assured immediately, and yeah, Tony could feel him. Could feel the silver presence stripping through the layers of his implant, insinuating itself completely into his net, his brain, searching desperately for the flaw. Spreading beyond it, hijacking itself onto the new signals from the nanites seeded through his blood, pouring through him like a silver fire, down to the mechanical heart. Searching for failure, for flaw, seeking the cause of the distress. Wrapping him desperately in silver while he shook himself apart.Probably not actually physical, Tony thought. Probably not. But with the nanites, with the torture and the armour and the fake heart ... Shit. Could use a scan anyway, maybe. Could afford to let JARVIS pull him a little bit apart, to make sure he was actually still ticking somewhere under there.{H-How's things look?} he managed, with a grin for all the shaking in it. Feeling his humour curl through JARVIS' panic, his own. Feeling it curl across the surface of that black, trembling lump inside him. {'m'I still as beautiful as ever, you think?}JARVIS' response to that one wasn't verbal. Not even remotely. A burst across Tony's net, a flare of fury and desperation and hatred, and a subspace link out to the totality of JARVIS' memory of him. All of Tony, everything he'd ever been, flaring across their minds in microcosmic unison. Yes, the answer, a furious gut punch, the burn of JARVIS' rage and grief and love. Tony hiccuped helplessly, feeling fields clash distantly as his arms wrapped themselves around his chest, and the armour flared against itself. Feeling the black thing crack, feeling it break, and the swamp of remembered pain and terror and grief and betrayal flood out.Oh. Right. That would be why, then. That ... that explained a lot."-ark! Stark!"He couldn't make his eyes function. Really, seriously, he honestly couldn't. His body had locked itself shaking around him, and he couldn't have budged the damn thing if he tried.Fortunately, now that JARVIS was back, he wasn't actually limited to just his body.Babs moved aside for him clumsily, guided by JARVIS into making a sliver of room for him on her systems, just enough to hook him into internal monitoring and the sound system. Tony grinned at her in passing, a curl of mental gratitude and amusement brushed across her identity nodes. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Alternate Universe - Space
Violence
Aftermath
Hurt/Comfort
Artificial Intelligence
Spaceships
Telepathic Bond
Space Opera

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

