Work Text:
“Tony! What the hell did you do?” Pepper yells, mouth an angry red slash. Steve loves that she wears red lipstick. It reminds him of the 30s. It’s the only thing about Pepper that does. She looks a little rumpled, as if she’s just run through a tornado, though considering Tony is involved, it’s an accurate assessment.
“Pep, you’ll have to be a little more specific. Why just today, I have been enjoying this tofu lentil curry with Cap and Bruce, I debugged some of the armor code-”
“This, Tony, this royalties check from what appears to be a SEX TOY company-”
“And I sparred – oh, that-”
“YES, that, Tony, my god-”
It’s at this point Steve finally abandons his meal to gape openly at the two of them, barely following their unique brand of conversing that consists of talking over one another. Bruce scribbles notes in the margins of an academic paper, rapid-fire, his hand not hesitating even once. He probably hasn’t even realized Pepper is in the kitchen.
Tony looks slightly embarrassed, a light flush catching the back of his neck, which in Stark terms is practically shame, especially in the way he sucks in a quick breath and lets it out without actually saying anything. 
“I’m waiting.” She leans forward, nails falling against the granite counter with a clack that makes Bruce glance up and mumble something, hand still skating across the pages. He’s almost as bad as Tony when it comes to sleep and work.
Tony drags a hand through the hair at the nape of his neck. “Yes, well, they assured me it was for a very good cause, and also that it would be very anonymous-”
Pepper is about to implode, all her frustration gathered in the furrow of her brow. “Because the Stark Slammer is so anonymous!”
Bruce’s pen finally skids to a halt.
“Well,” Tony says, grinning, eyes bright. “Do I get to try it out? I’ve always wondered what it would be like to literally fuck myself-”
Steve slides his coffee cup out of Pepper’s reach, but it turns out she doesn’t actually need crockery to beat Tony senseless.

-*-
Steve orders one online.
He tells himself it’s for revenge. Tony is so rarely embarrassed that he should take advantage of it. Just last week, Tony set all his electronics to start playing an old propaganda film of the Star Spangled Man any time Steve walked into a room; the Tower is practically an electronic itself, which is to say, it played a lot. Stepping into the shower and being assaulted by that particular film on the optics wall wasn’t something he wanted to repeat. Neither was the short-lived bruise on his shoulder when he slipped out of surprise and crashed into the faucet.
Technically, JARVIS orders it for him. It’s not that he can’t use the internet or that it offends his delicate sensibilities (because honestly, he’s not actually ninety and also, he’s known some very dirty nonagenarians) but he’s not sure he wouldn’t spontaneously combust when face to face with the fact that he’s ordering a replica of his best friend’s cock in gold of all colors. The other choice, JARVIS informed him politely, was red. Of course.

-*- 
The package almost slips his mind, between an interview with Stephen Colbert and an attack by the Monster Of The Week, until Family Movie Night.
“Package for ya, Cap,” Tony says, tossing the box at him. To his immense relief, it is a plain box. And no one has scrawled “Tony Stark’s PENIS!!!!” on it – not that he actually thought it would, but sometimes modern day advertising and branding confuses him.
“Thanks,” he says, catching it one-handed.
“What’dya order?” Clint asks, mouth full of popcorn and M&Ms, which he likes to mix in the same bowl. Steve suspects it’s so he doesn’t have to share – Thor eats an unimaginable amount of popcorn and is no stranger to foreign matter in his popcorn (last week he mixed popcorn, uncooked pasta, and jello mix) but gets inexplicably offended by chocolate “defiling the popped treats!”
“Umm. A book?” When Tony raises an eyebrow at him, he says, “I’m gonna take this upstairs, back in a flash.”

-*-
Despite all his bluster, the package remains unopened in the bottom of Steve’s closet, even through two more Tony pranks, one of which included bucket loads of glitter. In his bed. Just because he may have said he didn’t understand why so many people hated Twilight so much. (He wasn’t even saying it was good, okay, just that he didn’t understand the vitriol aimed at it!)
But he finds himself thinking about the dildo. And not in a ‘humiliate Tony’ way.
In a ‘sexy times’ way.
In a ‘bored in a meeting, mind wandering’ way, until certain parts of his anatomy become a little too interested and he has to picture the Hulk’s jolly green giant until things settle down a little bit.
Tony kicks Steve under the table.
“You okay, big guy?” he asks loudly, talking right over Agent Hill.
She continues straight through anyway, discusses the fourth point on an eighteen bulleted list about S.H.E.I.L.D. alien pollen protocols. Number ten is “aphrodisiacs” and Steve really hopes that doesn’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Smut
Toys
Masturbation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

