Work Text:
---Their relationship wasn't based solely on sex. No, they had a healthy relationship, based on trust, affection, and mutual respect. Sex just happened to be a multiple-times-a-day thing. It was hard to fight away arousal when your lovers were two supersoldiers, and hard for said supersoldiers when your lover knew what buttons to press to leave you aching in want, and usually wound up mashing said buttons instead of pressing them. So yes, sex was a more than common happening between the three of them.  And if if it took place in public places sometimes, well, they weren't caught. Much.----They had sex around the tower on a regular occasion. It just happened sometimes. If the two supersoldiers came home late at night from a mission, they usually just shed clothes in the common area and fucked there.  Which was what was happening right now.  Tony let his head fall back with a groan as his prostate was rubbed over and over again, which left the perfect opening for Steve to attack his throat; sucking and biting, surely leaving marks. Tony knew it.  Bucky and Steve shared quite a few kinks. Since they were both possessive bastards, they simply loved leaving marks on Tony, preferably were others could see. They loved when Tony wore their clothing. Ever since they had gotten together, they had grown even more intolerant to others propositioning him, or touching him in an attempt to flirt. But it they had their differences. Steve simply adored the sounds Tony made, the louder the better, and was adamant that he was going to draw out as many he could. Tony used this to get him horny in the first place, making little sighs and groans as he stretched, looking straight at him to be clear that he knew what he was doing. Bucky was undoubtedly an ass man. Whether it was wearing sweats that hung low on his hips, showing just enough skin around his waist to draw attention to it, or bending over to reach for something instead of squatting, or even just arching his back, it never failed. And Tony wasn't without his own. When he was with Pepper, or even past lovers, there hadn't really been any biting or sucking of his skin. But apparently that was a thing for him. And it was awesome. So yeah, they were having quite enthusiastic sex right then. Tony was riding Steve at the moment, rolling his hips to draw a groan out of him. The stretch was wonderful, and he felt deliciously full. Before he knew it, he was being man-handled off of his dick and laid flat on his back on the couch, with James pounding into him instead. He clawed at his shoulders, leaving marks that would be healed by sunrise. His sounds got louder and louder as he got closer and closer,  and if the groans he heard were any indication, they were just as close as he was- When the kitchen light came on.  Tony covered his mouth to silence himself as Bucky stilled. The kitchen was a good distance from the common room, but they would probably be able to hear him. Who the fuck was in the kitchen at two in the fucking morning? It was probably Clint, that fucking cockblock- His eyes widened as an involuntary keen escaped him. He looked up into Bucky's mischievous eyes. He wouldn't- He shoved his fist in his mouth to silence the sounds as Bucky continued on. It was dirty and filthy and damn did he love it. It was even worse when Steve decided to join in, reaching around Bucky to pump his cock. He was so close, he was trembling with the force to stay quiet. When the light turned off, and stayed off, he let out the long moan he had been holding in while he came, with his two lovers following soon after.----It was during a break from their monthly debrief on the Helicarrier that this incident happened. Tony hated these debriefs, because where standard debfriefs were only about an hour, they were there for like the whole fucking day during these. And it was usually just the World Security Council and other big wig government officials trying to tell them how the fuck to do their job. And since none of them had ever fought a Doombot, he was not inclined to listen to them at all. It was only Steve's disappointed face when he tried to skip the damn things that kept him there.  Steve and Bucky hated these meeting for an entirely different reason. Because they were required to be in uniform for these meetings, and Tony couldn't wear his armor (Coulson deemed him a flight risk, literally), Tony had to wear his undersuit. Tony found it kind of hilarious how petulant his lovers were over this fact. Tony had assured them that no one was going to put any advances on him now that he was spoken for, but they had just raised an eyebrow and prepared themselves for the inevitable.  Didn't make it any better though. There was always one. One. The male field agent had been eyeing Tony from his position by the door all morning. His eyes took in every curve that they knew by heart, and Steve wasn't pleased at all. But he had to maintain a calm head to insure that Bucky didn't choke the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Possessive Behavior
Porn Without Plot
Smut
Possessive Steve
Possessive Bucky
sex in public places
OT3
Threesome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

