Work Text:
Erik Lehnsherr is married. People outside the Engineering Department at Stark Industries, located on the 54th floor of Stark Tower and composed of forty-six of the best engineers in the world, fail to grasp the significance of this statement. What the outsiders know is that Erik Lehnsherr is widely regarded as one of the best engineers Stark Industries has. Even though he’s a new arrival—hired on six months ago; rumors say that Tony Stark himself ran into Lehnsherr at a job fair and hired him on the spot—he’s already regarded as Stark’s go-to man for the more complicated designs of whatever the hell Stark Industries is involved in at the moment (the projects can change drastically from one week to the next depending on Tony Stark’s moods, which, according to the secretaries on the 86th floor, usually leads to Pepper Potts screaming something along the lines of, “Profits, Tony, profits!” to which Stark declares, “I work for the good of society!” and then proceeds to spend five hundred thousand dollars on a new car). What the outsiders don’t know is that Erik Lehnsherr is possibly the most frightening individual they will ever come across. Ever. He shuts himself in his office for most of the workday, and when he emerges, it is only to fetch the bland coffee from the break room (this is Stark Industries, you’d think there’d be decent coffee), run across the street for a sandwich at the nearby diner, or visit the restroom. He barely speaks to anyone, and when he does, he always looks half a second away from snapping at everyone in range. Apparently, nothing anyone does is ever good enough for Erik’s standards; when the project leaders present their progress, he always points out mistakes, criticizes mercilessly, and sends everyone back with more instructions heaped on. He’s the definition of a perfectionist, which is bad enough, but a mean perfectionist? It’s hell. He’s also got this awful smile that belongs either on Shark Week or in a museum, preserved for posterity to scare little children when they don’t eat their vegetables or some other shit. That smile is terrifying, perhaps the most terrifying part about Erik Lehnsherr. Sometimes he says something that’s not humorous in the slightest, and then follows it up with that horrendous grin that is probably an exhibit at Ripley’s Believe It or Not, filed under the heading ‘Holy shit, is it possible to smile with that many teeth, and is it possible that that smile means anything other than intense homicidal intent, help.’ His coworkers have attempted to draw him out of his isolation. “He’s shy,” Moira declares. “He probably needs some encouragement from us, to help him open up.” She goes to invite him to lunch one day and returns pale and wide-eyed, shaking her head. “What happened?” Sean asks, leaning forward at his desk. His cubicle has become the unofficial Erik Lehnsherr Rumor Center, mostly because he makes up the most random, scary shit that might actually be true because this is Erik Lehnsherr and no one has any idea what to expect. Moira shakes her head again. “He is definitely not shy. That’s not it.” She shudders a bit. “I knocked on his door and asked him if he wanted to grab a bite, and he said, totally straight-faced, ‘A bite of what?’ and then smiled at me—”“Smiled?” Alex says, shivering. “Was it horrible?”“It was horrible,” she confirms. “He seemed to think it was hilarious, and he just—he just kept grinning, and I had to get out of there. So I did.” The others don’t blame her; Erik’s horror-face-that-passes-for-a-smile is something they prefer not to face. They’d rather lick sandpaper, or piss Emma off, or attend one of those insanity kicks Tony Stark likes to call ‘company retreats.’ (They aren’t company retreats, by the way—or at least, they aren’t one in any conventional sense. They involve keg stands, strobe lights, and a horde of women, which would be totally fine except Tony Stark inevitably shows up and forces everyone into what he calls ‘bonding exercises,’ usually involving heights and usually a good form of torture that the military should consider employing against enemies of the state. The things Stark’s brilliant mind comes up with are, frankly, alarming and probably illegal. Most of the Engineering Department calls in collectively sick on company retreats days. Tony Stark, as of yet, hasn’t called them out on it; he seems to think they’re just missing a great party, when in reality, they’re dodging bullets. Multiple, Tony Stark-shaped bullets.)They try in vain to invite him out to drinks after work, but he usually stays behind much later than they do, and he always turns them down, gruffly citing previous engagements. The general consensus is that that is utter bullshit, because there is no way he has previous engagements every day for two weeks, which was about as long as the Engineering Department gave him until they decided to throw in the towel. Erik Lehnsherr is just an antisocial bastard who hates humanity and probab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Modern AU
Erik is an Engineer
Stark Industries
Erik is socially awkward
no one gets Erik
Charles Is a Darling
everyone is shocked

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

