Work Text:
Tony wasn’t going to call it torture.  He’d been tortured.  He knew the real stuff.“Your brainwaves do such interesting things when I lick just the tip of your cock.  I think I’ll try it again.”Fuck it.  It was torture.  Tony pulled against the straps holding his hands over his head, and his legs spread wide.  For a physicist, Bruce had quickly learned his way around the fabrication units, so Tony knew he shouldn’t have been surprised when he walked into Bruce’s lab to find his high-tech, sadistic take on the St. Andrew’s Cross.  Bruce twirled his tongue just around the tip of Tony’s cock.  Tony screamed around the heavy rubber tubing Bruce had given him so he didn’t break his teeth.  He felt the sweat drip from the copper headband that was monitoring his brain activity while Bruce slowly tortured him.Bruce sucked him in, and Tony felt the tears squeeze from his eyes.  He squeezed his ass tight trying to get some relief, but Bruce had him stretched obscenely wide with a speculum-type thing. It was unrelenting and left his prostate untouched and available for Bruce to torment.  Every muscle ached.  The skin on his cock burned.  He could feel his balls draw up, his thighs clench, and then he heard that little ping.  That dreadful, hateful, little ping from the machine Bruce had built to tell him just when Tony was going to cum.Bruce stopped and back away.Tony didn’t fight the sobs as his body strained desperately against air.  That was six times now.  He thought.  He wasn’t sure.  Six times Bruce had brought him slowly to the edge then just stopped.  Tony couldn’t even open his eyes, but he knew Bruce was watching.  That’s what Bruce did -  watched and waited.  Sometimes he read a journal or just sipped some tea while Tony’s heart rate settled, and dick went slowly limp.He had stopped begging hours earlier.  It was pointless, and just made Bruce smile an evil little smile.  He winced as his erection began to subside.  The skin was so raw it was amazed he wasn’t bleeding.  Every little movement stung.      Bruce brought a hanky to his face, gently wiping away the tears.  He was pretty sure he hadn’t fully stopped crying for at least half an hour.  It only added to the ache and burn of every muscle.  There was a whine as the cross tilted back taking some of the strain off his arms.  “You know, Tony, if it’s too much, you can just say so.  We can put off getting the last of the data I need until tomorrow or next week, or something.  Of course, we really would have to start again from the beginning.”Tony shook his head.  He was not giving that gorgeous, genius, perverse mind of Bruce’s a whole week to think up new tortures.“Okay.  Let’s get your readings back down to baseline first.”  Another sob escaped.  That was Bruce’s way of saying it would be at least a half an hour before he started on Tony again.  Long enough for Tony’s body to begin to think the ordeal was over.  “Why don’t you try some of that meditation I was showing you yesterday?”  Tony curled up the first two and last two fingers on his right hand.  He couldn’t help it.  Bruce gave a dark little chuckle.  “Now, now Tony.  That’s not the way to get sympathy.”~Tony half-drifted.  He couldn’t sleep, not with every inch aching, starting at his balls and radiating outward, but his mind flitted about from one gray half-formed thought to another.  He felt fingers on his cheek and opened his eyes.  Bruce was smiling down at him - sweet, shy, fully dressed, and a little rumpled.  What a fucking act.  He carefully removed the rubber tube from between Tony’s teeth.  “I’m going to need a little descriptive feedback for this next experiment so I need you to talk.”  Tony whimpered.  He should have known better than to get involved with a scientist.  Especially a scientist with some control issues and a slightly twisted sense of humor.  The cross tilted up to about ten degrees off vertical while Bruce snapped on some latex gloves and picked up a small glass bottle of clear liquid.    “Now this is actually a little something I developed for SI Medical.  It’s transdermal and designed to stimulate and exercise damaged nerves.  It should work to prepare people who are going to receive neuro-controlled prosthetic limbs.”  Tony could already feel his heart speeding up as his mind tossed up scenarios of what Bruce might be planning.  “Of course it hasn’t been through human testing, and I’m not entirely sure what it’ll do to perfectly healthy nerves, but you’ve never been big on proper testing procedures, have you?”   Tony viciously regretted getting drunk and telling Bruce about the first test flight of the Mark II.“Now, I want all the feedback you can give.  This is for science.”  Bruce put a finger over the top of the bottle and gave it a quick tip before swiping a bit of the liquid across Tony’s right nipple.Tony took one breath before his body jerked.  “Oh, Fuck!” he screamed out without thinking.“What does it feel like, Tony?”Tony squeezed his eyes shut an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Somnophilia
Edging
Bondage
St. Andrew's Cross
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Dom/sub
BDSM
Cross-Posted on Tumblr
Top Bruce Banner
Dom Bruce Banner
Sub Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Consensual Somnophilia

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

