Work Text:
„Another! Wine, my friends, we need more wine!“ Thor slams his cup down on the table, not caring that it is still half full and the finest wine of Asgard’s cellars sloshes over the golden rim and spills over his hand, soaking the sleeve of his tunic. Tonight he has not a single care. The feast is loud and merry, he has his friends with him and his lap full with a comely wench with an ample bosom. What more could a prince ask for?Hilde —  or is it Hilda? Thor can’t remember, it has been too many cups since she came and slid on his lap with a coy smile.  Hilde giggles when Thor slides a hand under her skirts and winds her arms tightly around his neck, offering her plump lips for a kiss Thor only too willingly grants.Another cup of wine slams onto the table and topples over with a heavy thud. Loki, the royal consort and Thor’s newly wedded husband, is sitting next to Thor, watching as the dark red wine spreads slowly over the table and drips onto the single garment covering his loins. His face is impassive, his rigid posture the only indication that something is amiss. It is enough to clear the haze of spirits from Thor’s mind. Despite the two moons of their marriage Thor still feels ill at ease in Loki’s presence. He wishes he could blame Loki for it and not his own foolishness. He’d been blinded by fury when Odin had brought Loki to Asgard after a fortnight of negotiations with Laufey, announcing that Thor and Loki were to be wed within five days to preserve peace between Asgard and Jotunheim. Thor had raged like a warrior possessed by Hyrui and cursed Laufey and his monstrous race of frost giants, right there in the throne room with Loki standing next to Odin, the same blank expression he is wearing now on his face.Their wedding night was… Thor has no memories of what happened that night. He had been drunk as a roaring Bilchsteim, waking next to a very naked and sleeping Loki who looked nothing like the frost giants Thor had met and slain in combat. He was smaller and slighter in build, only about Thor’s own height. His limbs were slender and graceful instead of thick and stocky, his hair an inky black and artfully braided where usually his kin had no hair at all. He looked alien, exotic and, now that Thor’s sleep-muddled senses were not clouded by jaundice, strikingly beautiful. Thor had reached out to trace the intricate raised lines on his face the exact moment Loki opened his eyes, their red color a stark contrast to the dusky blue of his skin. Thor, cursed fool that he is, had fled his wedding bed without a stitch of clothing, scandalizing the maids and servants going about their business in the palace hallways.Needless to say, Loki had not taken well to it. He attends meals and festivities as befitting a royal consort, but spends his days hidden away in the library, brooding over dusty tomes, and wandering the extensive palace gardens. Thor himself has taken to drinking even more than his wont, drowning his sorrows in the evenings and pretending that no wedding has taken place during his days. He never claimed to be a wise man. „It seems that I need to change,“ Loki says, his voice cutting through Thor’s gloomy contemplation. „Thor, would you accompany me to our chambers and assist me?“Thor blinks slowly, unsure what startles him more, Loki’s request or Hilda’s shrieking laughter right next to his ear.„Surely you can dress yourself,“ she laughs, her voice loud and derisive. „Thor and I, we have unfinished business to attend.“Loki whips his head around strikingly fast. „I said,“ he hisses, baring his teeth at Hilda, „that I wish to be accompanied by my husband. Are you so short-witted that you cannot even comprehend such simple words, foolish wench?“  His eyes are flashing an angry red, changing his looks from merely exotic to wild and feral. Thor cannot blame Hilda for scrambling from his lap as fast as a cat doused with water, retreating hastily with a muttered string of „I am sorry, my lord.“Already there are whispers in the dining hall, people staring openly at the royal table. Thor, who for once has no wish to draw even more of his people’s attention, stands and offers his arm to Loki who rises gracefully and accepts, placing a cool hand on Thor’s upper arm.~The walk to Loki’s chambers is silent, Loki’s touch, despite its coolness, like a brand on Thor’s arm. Now that Thor thinks of it, this is the first time they touch since that night. Next to him Loki looks calm and collected, regal with his back straight and his head held high. But the tight grip of his fingers and the slight tremors Thor can feel running through his body speak differently. Loki is restless, wound tight with barely controlled tension. If Loki's looks can deceive this easily, what else has Thor missed?„It was unkind of you to scare her so,“ Thor says as they approach Loki’s chambers. Thor may have no knowledge about royal etiquette in Jotunheim, but Loki is a prince of Asgard now and as such needs to understand that t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Intersexuality
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Jotun!Loki
Dubious Consent
Knifeplay
Bloodplay
Snowballing
Squirting
Arranged Marriage
Bodily Fluids
Cunnilingus
Emotional Manipulation

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

