Work Text:
+Many people talk about long-term pain as something you live with for so long that you forget you're even hurting. Tony Stark, holder of several (non-medical) doctorates, would like to posit that all of those people are lying bastards. Pain is something you get used to, not something you can forget.Having said that, when Tony wakes up the night after his (unbelievable amazing perfect) date with Steve, it takes him a while to notice the lack of pain in his chest. Partially because he hasn't had any coffee, and partially because he's still a little high on last night's date.Well. If he were prodded a little further, he might admit that it's really mostly the latter.Whatever it is, Tony makes it all the way through his morning routine and three gulps into his second coffee before he realises the third reason why he feels so light and unburdened. There's no pain. No twinge of cardiac muscle, no burn around his sternum where the reactor meets bone, no sting in his heart just behind the reactor.He's in the workshop in under a minute.“JARVIS, scan me,” he barks. “The entire thoracic cavity, leave no lymph node unturned. And prep me a spare reactor.”“At once, sir.”Tony holds still and very determinedly keeps his breathing under control. His mind is racing. No pain ought to be good news, he reminds himself. No need to panic.“No anomalies detected with the arc reactor,” reports JARVIS. “Cardiac and respiratory functions are within parameters. Shall I call Doctor Banner?”Eh, what the hell. “Put him through.”“Tony? Is something wrong?” Bruce's voice filters into the workshop, clear and concerned.“Good morning, Brucie!” says Tony cheerily. “So, I may have a little issue here that could use some professional advice. Have you had breakfast?”“I have, stop deflecting, what's the issue?”“Oh good, I didn't want to interrupt. How was it, did you try Clint's new cereal? Also, I know it's dangerous when someone gets acute pains with seemingly no cause, but what about an acute lack of pain?”Bruce says, “It's terrible—” and Tony's mysteriously pain-free heart stops, but then “—it tastes like dog food, he's banned from grocery shopping for a month. What do you mean, an acute lack of pain?”“You know how I basically live in constant discomfort from having a superbattery embedded inches deep in my chest?” says Tony.“Yes, Tony, because you rely on me for medical advice instead of going to an actual doctor like normal people do.”“Well, it's not hurting right now.”“At all?”“Nope.”“Is it numb?”Tony prods at his chest.“No.”“Any problems with your breathing?”“No, I made it here from the penthouse in like fifty seconds without getting winded, I'm excellent.” Never mind that he took the elevator.There's a short silence, during which Tony tries his level best not to badger Bruce impatiently. No, really, he does.“Bruce?” Oops.“A minute, I'm looking at the scans JARVIS is putting up for me,” Bruce says, unhurried. “You look perfectly normal to me.”“Huh.” So he's fine. Tony's not at risk of dying just a few weeks after he's started something amazing with the love of his life, that's good news. That's great news. Tony breathes out in relief.Steve was the one who asked Tony out first, but Tony thinks he deserves at least some of the credit for pining so obviously and obnoxiously for months that the team (read: Natasha) finally got tired of laughing at him and decided to give Steve a nudge in the right direction. Well, to hear it, it was probably more like a shove than a nudge. A shove from the Hulk.Tony doesn't take that personally. He knows about Steve's soulmate from before the ice. Steve was one of the few, but not rare, people who are born with a match, one half of a soul bond, in their future. Those who can feel their souls pull towards their intended match throughout their lives until they meet and acknowledge the bond. Steve was, but isn't, because he came out of his sub-zero sabbatical feeling nothing from the bond. He spent ages grieving over people from the past, including the soulmate he never got to meet.But Steve's been much better recently, and he was a joy to see yesterday, bright and animated and happy. Tony's known for a while now that Steve's happiness means a lot to him, but still. What a sap he's turned into.“Tony?”Why is Bruce still on the line?“Yes, dear?”“I said, there is one possible explanation for chest pains suddenly vanishing,” Bruce says. He sounds weirdly hesitant, which puts Tony's guard up immediately. “You know. If a matched soul stops pushing yours away—”“Not possible,” says Tony. “I don't have a match. Never have.”He can practically hear Bruce's curious, contemplative frown.“How sure are you that those pains you've had were all from the reactor?”Damn, Bruce is right. Still, “I've never felt the pull.”“Yes, because your match wasn't ready. Hence the pain of a one-sided pull.”“No, I mean I've never felt it even pre-arc reactor. You know, the many years of my life that I wasn't half-robot? You'll recall fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Cap-Ironman Bingo
Established Relationship
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

