Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Frigga mounted the stairs with a graceless step.  She skirted the audience chamber, pausing a moment to look at Odin's throne, before moving on.She ended up on the outside balcony. The air was crisp here, and she could see the stars and the shimmering aurora rippling above the city. She inhaled deeply, letting the peace of the sky fill her mind and trying to let it fill her heart as well.A soft step interrupted her thoughts. "Frigga?"She held out her hand, and Odin took it, moving to stand with her."He is so lost," she whispered, the ache in her heart strengthening, as if admitting it released her grief anew."What is lost may be found again," he reassured her, drawing her against his strong chest and she rested her head against him, taking consolation from his familiar nearness."It is much worse than we hoped," she murmured. He drew back, curious and concerned, and she looked up. "This madness… it is not wholly his own. He was saved by a power we know well, husband. Thanos the Eternal."Odin hesitated. "You are certain? I saw no such influence…""I did," she declared. "There is a shadow in his mind."Odin didn't doubt what she had seen, but did protest her conclusion. "Thanos is exiled.""Exiled beyond the Nine Realms," she reminded him pointedly. "It is not impossible that he could have found a base of power beyond Yggdrasil. Loki did not say the name, but he did tell me an entity of great power saved him from the abyss. Only an Eternal or more has that power, and only Thanos would hate us so much, to want to take our son's anger and despair and grow his own madness in that fertile soil, like vines to choke out the light."Odin was troubled, his eye looking far distant, as if searching for Thanos. But Thanos was hidden, lost in the shadows of some unknown realm."If Thanos rises again," he murmured, "he will want to reclaim what is his. We have not our strength of old.""We are stronger," she returned. "We have Thor. And if we could return Loki to us--"He didn't let her finish. "We first must ensure he will not ally himself with our enemy."She couldn't declare that Loki wouldn't. She knew there was a part of him that didn't want to, but the dark thorns had a hold on him and until she could find a way to free him, he was a threat. If he took any of the powerful treasures he would be very nearly unstoppable.She shook her head once, the momentary comfort gone from her as if it had never been. "In a moment's lucidity, Loki begged me to kill him," she murmured, clutching her hands together against her chest. "I cannot do that, I cannot, though all of Asgard and Midgard might say it is wise. He will return to us; I must hope even if he has none."His hand closed over her shoulder. "We will hope together," he reassured her. "In this, I will be led by you, as you were the one who took him most fully into your heart."As you should have, she thought, but did not say. It was a distance Loki had ever felt, even when he had not known why.  She remembered finding him in a corner of the garden, upset and angry that Odin had complimented something that Thor had done, and had only criticism for him"Think of how Thanos must have laughed to find Loki already so overcome with anger and despair," she murmured. "We should have told Loki the truth long ago.""To have him return to Laufey and raise an army against us?" Odin asked. "There was no good time.""He would never have done that." She held back a sigh. "Is that not part of the problem now? He cannot reconcile that he is what we have taught him to despise. He killed Laufey and he was prepared to kill them all in a desperate mad attempt to prove his loyalty to Asgard." She remembered Loki's sneering voice and poorly hidden anguish, 'I know what you fear and it's me. It always was.'She shook her head and faced Odin. "There was no good time, but surely any would have been better than his discovering the truth by accident? We avoided the truth because it was convenient for us, not for him. Now we reap the consequence of our selfishness."He straightened, defensive at her accusation. "I must think of the good of all the realms --""Where is the good in expecting the worst of your own son?" she demanded."I did not," he retorted. "But he has ever been undisciplined and -""'Undisciplined'?" she interrupted, incredulous. "When did you do aught but discipline him?"He kept his calm, but returned with irritation, "He needed that more than your coddling. At every turn you excused his lack of control and deceit, creating a spoiled, petulant child who lacks honesty and restraint."Infuriated by the attack and blame, she narrowed her eyes at him. "He needed one person to love him for who he is without reservation, without distrust. One person to understand his strengths, and not see only what he was not. It is that love, not your discipline, that will bring him back. Unless you do not wish him returned to us at all." She flung the bitter accusation at him and turned her bac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frigga/Odin
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Self-Harm
Post-Movie(s)
Parents & Children
BAMF Frigga
Parent Frigga
Loki Angst
Odin's Parenting
Protective Thor

fandom: 
Frigga/Odin
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Thor

