Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Canadians were an interesting breed of creature. How anyone who lived in such frigid and remote conditions could be so cheerful was beyond any kind of understanding. Now the Germans, they knew how to get it right - Russians too for that matter. Gruff, blunt, suspicious of strangers, with a language that always managed to sound like anger; that was how it should be. Snow and ice and isolation - no human being should actually enjoy those kinds of conditions.Clint hated Canada.But he wasn’t Clint anymore; that was the point. He’d left that identity behind, along with his identity as Hawkeye, Agent of SHIELD and archer of the Avengers Initiative.Now he was just Corey, Corey Bouchard, a keep-to-himself newcomer in a land of friendly neighbors who waved too much and knocked on his door too often.It was a name that was hard to stick to in his own head. Out loud it was easy; easy to introduce himself as Corey and sign his name as Corey to the receipts he was handed, to read his byline – Corey Bouchard – at the bottom of the little hunting and fishing column he wrote for the local paper. In his head and his heart it was different.  Clint still hung on, the Clint who liked snow but not this much snow, the Clint who observed his surroundings almost to the point of paranoia. He might be Corey on the outside, but on the inside he was still the same old Clint Barton, broken and empty-handed.Fleeing the country and settling down in a remote little cabin on the outskirts of a remote little city that he’d picked up some ten years ago helped. As much as he hated it, it helped, because there was nothing of Clint Barton here. No bow and arrow, no tac suit, no Stark pad… more importantly no Stark.No Bruce, no Steve, no Natasha.No one.Corey Bouchard was an identity he’d never intended to use and one of the few he’d kept entirely secret, even from Nat.Even from…Well.That had been a good decision, hadn’t it?Whatever.It didn’t matter, and it was a lot easier disappearing when you had something to fall back on. Leaving New York with nothing but the clothes on his back and the change in his pocket probably wasn’t the best idea he’d ever had, but at the time he hadn’t exactly been thinking clearly. Hell, he hadn’t exactly been thinking at all. He’d been too busy trying not to puke, to faint, to go to his knees in the middle of the nearest intersection and get smeared by a cab because his legs just couldn’t hold him up anymore. He’d only just been capable of catching a bus out of town, using his SHIELD credit card to run and then to bunker down in a shitty little motel, to spend two nights getting liquored out of his head only to wake up the third day with an ache in his chest and a cold, painful plan.It was hard to leave his bow behind. It wasn’t the first time he’d had to leave one, but it never got any easier. For the first few hours he’d mourned the thing, but it had been Hawkeye’s, and a part of another life. Luckily he had others, stash points hidden around the globe and that was where he’d headed, booking a short flight to South Dakota where he had a safety deposit box under a fake name and a fake address. There he’d ditched his old wallet, the SHIELD money and the SHIELD badge and the SHIELD license, anything that could be traced back to Clint, and picked up the identification and the deeds and the cash that belonged to Corey.Corey – who happened to be a lot like Clint.Imagine that huh?Both with tough, shady childhoods, a bit of a rough-and-tumble attitude, and both with a rather questionable set of skills.Skills that included liberating a car from some less-than-clean hands, a car that wouldn’t be reported missing and that would take him safely across the border and into his new life.His new life in freaking Canada.But Clint Barton was nothing if not adaptable, and so slowly he’d begun assimilating, learning how to live a life without his archery, which was too conspicuous, and without all the bits and pieces that made him who he was. Instead he became Corey, quiet, stick-to-himself Corey, who wrote for the paper and got groceries once a week at the Quik Shop just like everyone else. The Corey who shoveled his eighty year old neighbor’s walk when it snowed because he should, and who adopted a scruffy looking mutt named Lucky from the shelter two towns over. The Corey who seemed like a good enough guy eh, but who had a habit of disappearing every once in a while to god knows where.Because sure, Corey was pretty good at staying under the radar, but sometimes Corey just wasn’t enough.Corey kept him safe, hidden from the eyes of SHIELD and the Avengers, but Corey was a regular guy, and the bits of Clint Barton that still clung on weren’t satisfied with the kind of life Corey led.Corey Bouchard was no hero.Clint Barton - Hawkeye - had been a hero, for all the good it had done him in the end.But he wasn’t Clint Barton anymore.That was ok.He had an app for that.Or at least another name.A name that SHIELD kn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Clint Feels
BAMF Clint Barton
Clint Has Issues
Mentions of Spider-man
Spider-Man - background
Deadpool - Freeform
Deadpool - background
Spideypool - Freeform
Spideypool - background
Hurt Clint Barton
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Barton Feels
Protective Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop Friendship
BAMF Kate
Student Kate
Archery
Archery Bros
Hawkeye x 2
Pre-Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Past Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Kinda
tagged relationship
cause let's be honest
they totally are
Whether they like it or not
Tony's helping
what - he is!
Identity Porn
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

