Work Text:
Erik sees the boy for the first time on a bitterly cold November morning.He'd be just another face in the crowd, standing patiently further along the subway platform with a school satchel slung over one shoulder, if it weren't for the ridiculous red bow of his mouth. Erik hears him first, a bright peal of laughter to his right, and when he turns a little to follow the sound the flash of colour catches his eye, snags him like a hook in the gut.He's talking to someone, a cell phone held up to his ear, and Erik watches the mobile curl and spread of his lips, the flash of teeth when he smiles. Looking closer, he notices his cheeks, flushed a lighter but no less captivating colour. The boy is exquisite, and young -- maybe sixteen, seventeen at the most, and Erik stares because simply cannot bear to look away. Because he is not a good man. Because he'll gladly burn the memory of that mouth into his thoughts, take it with him to bed and use it however he cares to.When the train eventually comes Erik loses him in the crush of people surging forward, and doesn't spot him for the rest of his commute. He isn't particularly disappointed. There will always be pretty young boys. || It's months before they cross paths again. Erik's on his way home from work this time, dozing in his seat, arms crossed and eyes closed. The train pulls up to a stop, and suddenly the car is much louder than it was before, a familiar rabble, one he hears every day. There's a school nearby, some posh private academy that has their boys in smart navy jackets and girls in plaid skirts, and he's come to expect this huddle of chattering teenagers waiting and ready to shove into the already packed car, their voices loud and abrasive. Erik's learned to tune them out, for the sake of his own sanity. Today, however, he's on edge. His patience is thin, anger bubbling under the surface, just waiting for a reason to lash out. To say it's been a trying day would be vastly understating the utter clusterfuck he's left behind at the office, and he's in no mood to be obliging. Which is why when a heavy bag filled with what feels like cinderblocks bumps carelessly against the bony spur of his knee, Erik reacts as he does. Why he reacts at all, really. It doesn't even hurt, just enough of a knock to be annoying, but his eyes flash open anyway, seeking out the owner of the satchel. Someone to focus the full extent of his anger on, an outlet for this seething irritation burning under his skin, even if they hardly deserve it. Erik doesn't care. In the past he's chewed out his subordinates for much less.But when he looks up -- it's the boy, the one from the platform all those months ago. You don't forget a face like his. He'd jerked off to thoughts of that mouth for weeks afterward, dashing himself to pieces on the shore of his fantasies again and again and again till it lost the thrill of newness.But now he's here, standing in front of where Erik is seated, half turned away so Erik can see the exquisite line of his profile. He's got ear-buds in, looks oblivious to the crush of people around him and the laser like intensity of Erik's glare. It's a gift, really. Erik takes full advantage of the boy's distraction, letting his eyes roam greedily. He takes in the sharp blazer -- identical to the one worn by the other boys around him -- the slightly loosened tie, the navy trousers that just skirt the edge of too small. Almost indecent, the way they drape around the boy's small, compact frame -- lightly muscled thighs, a soft swell at his crotch, his lovely round ass.   Erik wonders if it's deliberate, if the boy likes his pants a little tight, the way it feels. Or maybe it's unconscious, spurred on by denial of the thrill he gets when people notice him, when he catches them looking: the girl in the hallway, the boy on the street, the teacher who always smiles at him and finds excuses to keep him behind after class. Maybe he wants it, but doesn't know how to ask.Erik is grateful for the hard-shell briefcase sitting over his lap, feeling his cock start to stiffen just from looking, from letting his thoughts wander. He only caught a glimpse of the boy last time, but now he can appreciate him fully, and it makes the lust surging under his skin burn hotter than hellfire. The train rattles on, getting more and more crowded as they go, and Erik stares until he feels gluttonous and gorged, his cock swelling, pressed against the unyielding barrier of leather. And then the train rolls to a loud, shrieking stop, and the boy leans down to pick up another bag placed securely between his feet, treating Erik to the sight of his ass straining against thin navy wool for one all too brief moment before he straightens again and exits onto the platform.Erik watches him walk away, follows his progress like a starving predator, and revels in one last surge of desire before letting it diminish, safe in the knowledge that he'll have plenty of time to indulge the moment he gets home. F
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Public Sex
Stranger Sex
Bathroom Sex
Rimming
Charles You Slut
Erik You Creepy Fuck
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Underage Sex

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

