Chapter 1: From Russia With Love
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“What is your name?”“Stepan Yakovlevich Medved.” “What’s this picture? Did you paint it?”The child, with his shock of brown hair and big brown eyes, beams, and it is an impossibly cheerful smile, given the grey decrepitude of their surroundings. He nods. “This is my house and this is my cat, Sasha, and this is Mama and this is Papa.”The painting is a riot of colour and structurally unsound walls and smiling faces and black dots for eyes.“And where are your parents now?”The child’s expression changes in an instant. He looks around, eyes widening in panic. “When did you last see your parents?”“I - ” His bottom lip quivers but he does not cry. The child is shown back to his bedroom, which is scarcely more homely than the interrogation room and he is asking for his Mama and for his Papa. .[start transmission]
  Start transcription:Subject Medvezhonok, aged three years, is progressing satisfactorily. As expected, he remains above the ninety-fifth percentile for all critical values. Of note, memory manipulation appears to have been successful. Subject Medvezhonok is unaware of his true parentage.

It is my belief that we have avoided the errors associated with Subject L’venok when, as you will recall, a maternal bond was inadvertently created. While Subject L’venok subsequently became a proficient operative, that was indubitably a failure (refer to my letter dated January 2002, detailing his disappearance). Subject Medvezhonok has, at best, vague memories of a maternal figure, enough to comfort but not distract.

I further believe that use of Subject Alpha’s DNA has been a categorial success. He is, after all, our masterpiece. His progeny can be no less. We will succeed where the Red Room failed and - what are you? You can’t be in here - 
[end transmission].Stefan knew that Papa would come for him. He knew he just had to be patient. That’s what he has learned, like his numbers and his letters. Papa will always come for him. “Come on, medvezhonok,” Papa mutters, scooping Stefan up into his arms, scratchy bedclothes and all. “Where is Mama?”“I don’t know,” says Papa. “I don’t know where your parents are but we’ve got to get out of here, Stefan, you understand that?”Stefan nods but he doesn’t understand. He buries his nose against Papa’s neck, right at the join of his Papa’s metal arm and shoulder and breathes in and everything smells like Papa so everything will be okay. Papa’s strong enough to carry Stefan with one arm as he runs down all the stairs of the ugly building that is not home, that does not have Sasha the cat or Mama singing along to the kitchen radio in a low, husky voice. Papa tells Stefan to keep his eyes shut and not to open them, no matter what happens. Papa tells Stefan there’s going to be some shouting and loud noises and he puts his own hat on Stefan’s head, pulling it down over Stefan’s ears and then Papa is running and jostling Stefan but Stefan doesn’t mind because he’s holding on to Papa, his arms tight around Papa’s neck. Stefan doesn’t remember much of what happens. Papa is shouting in a language that isn’t Russian and men are shouting back at him and they sound angry and Papa switches to Russian, his hand firm on Stefan’s back.“I’ll blow the whole place, I promise you that.”“Give us the child, Soldat. He’s not your concern-”“He seems to think so.”“He’s simple - he doesn’t know - he -”Papa is walking forward and the voices get weaker and Stefan thinks maybe they’re frightened except that grown-ups don’t get frightened. Grown-ups are brave like Papa and they smile like Mama, who hardly ever cries, except when the men came to take Stefan away. “You are worse than the Red Room ever was,” says Papa.“Yasha, if you walk out that door - “Papa is brave, like grown-ups are. He keeps walking and it is a warm night and Stefan doesn’t need the hat but he keeps it on his head because Papa put it there and then the night gets warmer and there’s a loud noise and a blast of hot air. Papa breaks into a run. Stefan clings tighter and maybe he falls asleep because the next thing he knows is that Papa is lying him down on the backseat of a car and murmuring in the language that’s not Russian, what the fuck am I doing?.When Stefan wakes up, it is daytime, and the sun is shining through thin red curtains and everything is pink. Papa is sitting on a chair in the corner of the room and he’s got something on the table.“What’s that, Papa?”Papa flinches and looks at Stefan. “It’s called a Kalashnikov,” he says, in a strange voice. “You’re not to touch it, okay?” Stefan nods and he gets out of bed and it’s a grown-up bed and he feels suddenly very proud that he’s not sleeping in a baby bed anymore, with rails to keep him from falling out. He walks over to Papa and scrambles up onto Papa’s lap. “Where’s Mama?” he asks in a small voice, after a moment of fiddling with the buttons on Papa’s shirt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kidfic
murderfluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

