Work Text:
----Tony stared down at them. They refused to look at him. He crossed his arms. They shifted. With a huff, he raised an eyebrow. They crossed their arms.  Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. Fury was going to murder them all.----Tony's eyebrows shot upwards. "You want me to what?""I want you to take the rest of your merry band of misfits with you to the Avengers fundraising gala.""Do you know how much of an absolute clusterfuck that is going to turn into?""You've been to hundreds of the damn things. Teach them how to schmooze or whatever.""I've been practicing my entire damn life. And you want me to teach them the ins and outs in less than a week? Are you out of your mind?" Nick Fury glared with his good eye. "Natasha already has plenty of practice.""Yeah, when there's knives and shit involved! What about when someone flirts with her and she can't stick a knife in their throat, or even threaten to?" Fury looked a little less certain. "Or Barton? He hates ties, and suits, and rude people, and being out in the open for an extended period of time, all of which, guess what? A gala calls for! And what if he opens his damn mouth? That could end in disaster." Fury went back to pissed. "Look. I don't know how you're going to do it, but you need to train them, because they will be going. Now get the fuck out of my office."----"Natasha, because I know you'll sneak them any way, two knives, max. I'm serious." Natasha grumbled and went to pick them out. "Clint, you fucker, you are wearing the damn bow tie, so stop messing with it." Clint grimaced and released it. "Thor, do not show off your damn hammer. It intimidates people." Thor merely shrugged. "Bruce, I'm sorry, but you need to smoke some weed or something because we can't have big, green, and angry stomping on some of the richest and most influential people in the country, and a few out of it." Bruce gave a small, apologetic smile that Tony hated to have put there. "Bucky, same goes for you as Natasha. I know that on a regular day you have at least two guns, extra ammo, four knives, and the weapons built into your arm. Can't do anything about the arm, but I swear you are to leave here with one gun. And don't look so innocent. I have stripped you to have sex and seen them." Bucky gave that charming, smug-ass grin and went to disarm (no pun intended) himself. "And Steve, you are supposed to be the charming slice of apple pie that people trust explicitly and want to coo over and/or have sex with. Wipe the awkward grimace off of your face and put on the Star-Spangled cheesy grin that I personally find hilarious but others find sweet and/or sexy for whatever reason." Steve winced and tried to comply, but it still came out forced and awkward. But Tony knew he was feeling awkward, so he knew it was the best he could do. Damn. This was such a bad idea.----Tony had been on edge the entire night. And because he couldn't get drunk, as he was giving sobriety a shot, he knew he was a little stiff. But it was better to be fully alert for this anyway.  Natasha looked stunning in her black sequin gown with matching black five inch heels. If he didn't know she could kill a man thirteen different ways with one of said heels, he'd be impressed with how easily she maneuvered herself in them, much like Pepper. Clint looked to have been doing fine, but he knew how restricted he felt in his tux. And he hadn't really opened his mouth yet, so there was still a chance he could start a national/international/ inter-fucking-stellar incident. Bruce was keeping to the edge of the party, speaking only when spoken to. A few scientists had come up to ask about his work, but the rest mostly just let him be. Thor was laughing heartily and answering questions about Asgard. Bucky and Steve were a hot commodity, and drew the most attention it seemed. But they were sticking to his side like glue, in an attempt to both ward off his unwanted suitors and discourage their own.  Everything seemed to be balanced to an extent, when he heard a voice that sent shivers down his spine, and not in the (amazing, sexy, fantastic) way Steve and Bucky did. He turned, and put on his best 'I hate you but I have to tolerate you' smile. "Tony Stark! My, my, it's been quite a while.""Tiberius Stone! Not nearly enough." Tiberius threw back his head and laughed. Tony wanted to punch him in the throat. "Always the fiesty one, weren't you. I must say, two lovers at once. I would say I never knew you had it in you, but I suppose I did." Tony heard the tell-tale whir of the servos in Bucky's arm locking into place. That wasn't good. That meant he was preparing the weapons. He had to get Stone to fuck off before Bucky killed the son of a bitch. "I know that you don't like me, Stone, and I sure as hell don't like you. What do you want?" Stone's facade cracked, and his face tensed. "Well, Tony, after you humiliated me by breaking it off with me on national fucking television, I just wanted to see what you were up to. Pl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Steve
Protective Bucky
Possessive Behavior
Fighting
Tony does not have time for this
Nick Fury is pissed off

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

