Work Text:
Legend had it that everyone’s wings were the true outward expression of their soul, the colour revealing some fundamental aspect of the person. It followed that a person’s wings would change colour once they met their soul mate, since their soul was no longer just their own, but one half of an unbreakable set.Of course, having this actually happen was a rare occurrence, with only about 1 in 650 million couples being bonded. Occasionally someone would claim it had happened to them, to gain attention, only for it to be disproven and that they had been colouring their wings, with dyes or paints. Since no one really knew how bonding worked, and scientists willing to study it were surprisingly scarce, it was easy enough to fake.When extended, a fully grown adults wings could extend up to 4 metres wide, but when folded they could easily fit under a shirt or jacket. Few people chose to have them on show all the time, since it just seemed too intimate to bear your soul like that and it was, of course, more comfortable not to stifle them. Most people didn’t show them unless they needed them to fly. Not that anyone flew these days, with cars and planes to do the hard work for them. Laziness, not necessity, really was the mother of all invention.Tony kept his wings folded tight to his back, not even letting them free around the tower very often. He used them to steer when in the armour, because it was easier and more instinctive than using the repulsors, but he hated that everyone knew what colour they were. Growing up in the public eye meant that it was unavoidable. People had always known. Since he’d come out as Iron Man, many speculated that it was a physical manifestation of the blood on his hands. But they’d been that vivid, crimson red since he was born and they knew it. Maybe it had been his destiny to be a warmonger. Maybe it was the deepest truth of his soul. Tony neither knew nor cared. They were red and that was that. Yet despite his misgivings he’d painted the armour to match them, because it looked awesome, if he did say so himself.If it was also a big middle finger to the media, then that was just a happy coincidence.Consequently, Tony was sceptical about the whole bonding thing. His wings hadn’t changed a single shade, not even when he’d met Rhodey or Pepper. If they hadn’t changed then, they were never going to. Sure, Rhodey would've been a platonic, brotherly bond and Pepper hadn’t been 'the one' after all – their romantic relationship coming to an end over a year ago – but they were the only people that Tony loved more than himself. Which according to most people was saying a lot. Tony’s particular brand of self-loathing was something he kept to himself.Soul mates were such an outdated and ridiculous notion that Tony laughed at anyone who would dare believe such nonsense.Surprise, surprise that the one and only Capsicle believed it with all of his patriotic heart. He himself was an outdated notion, so it made sense. Of course, that didn’t stop Tony from laughing at him and his perfectly stereotypical golden wings. They were so beautiful and just so Captain America that they seemed to radiate goodness. In the right light, they matched his golden blond hair. Not that Tony thought he was attractive or anything.Ok, so maybe he did, but he wasn’t blind. The man was physical perfection personified. Tony would have had to have been dead not to ogle at least a little. Especially when the man was wearing his skin tight armour…But Tony wasn’t going to pay any mind to the fairy tales and say that the colour of his wings were because Steve was righteousness and kindness incarnate. Because he wasn’t. Not to Tony anyway. To Tony, he was a stubborn, haughty jerk who thought he was always right. And Tony couldn’t put up with that kind of arrogance from anyone.Pepper had almost died laughing when he’d told her that. He did understand the irony of that sentiment. He might be a genius, but he never claimed to be logical. Being illogical was one of his more endearing qualities or so he thought. It helped him solve problems others couldn't, too stuck on what was 'possible' or not. Many people, like Tony, had given up on the whole soul mates idea. Which was why Tony got a huge surprise when, a few weeks after the Avengers had infested his home full time, Natasha accosted him over breakfast and asked if he’d bothered to look at his wings lately.“My wings? Why?” He put down his mug of coffee to absently run his hands along his wings like he did whenever he was lost in thought. They were slightly sticking out of his previously white, now ripped and singed singlet that he’d been wearing in the workshop.“You haven’t noticed them changing colour at all?” She was smirking. Tony never trusted that damn smirk. It usually meant pain for someone and he’d really prefer it wasn’t him – at least, not again. He still had the bruises from last time he'd upset her. He had been surprised to learn that her wings were navy blue, ra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wingfic
cap-ironman bingo fill
Soul Bond
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Getting Together
First Kiss
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Wings

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

