Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

ROOMMATE WANTED ($400 p/m), BROOKLYN, NEW YORK. 
Date: 2015-1-02 8:35 PM ESTReply to: srogers47@starkmail.comI have a bedroom (12 x 14ft) available starting March 1st for a roommate of any gender. I can’t afford a place on my own, so I’d need a roommate to help me out with the rent.About Me:I work from home, mostly as a freelance graphic designer but I do have other outside commitments, as well as a night job with odd hours. I don’t ‘go out’ much, but I do on occasion. I mostly stay at home and watch a movie or work on projects.If you’re interested, please contact me by email and tell me about yourself. Note:Because I work odd hours, I’d prefer a roommate who doesn’t mind me doing so and won’t complain too much. I don’t want to upset anyone.//To: srogers47@starkmail.comFrom: jbbarnes@starkmail.comSubject: Future Roommate?Date: February 4 2015Hey,My name is James (But please, call me Bucky) and your room sounds like the perfect fit. I really don’t mind sharing, and I can cook pretty well. I work nights too, mostly, but my hours are pretty flexible. I promise I’m not a serial killer. I just want a place.I’m free to meet anytime. Just give me a heads up and I’ll be there. Bucky//Steve knew the roommate thing was probably a terrible idea. In fact, it may just be the worst idea he’s ever had, but it wasn’t as if he’d had many other options. His graphic design work was sporadic at best and his luck didn’t look to be changing anytime soon. And his other job? Well, that was different.Superhero work, as it were, was not something you got thanked for often, let alone paid to do it. And even if that was an option, Steve wasn’t sure he’d take the money; it wouldn’t be fair. On the bright side though, his incredible healing powers meant he didn’t have to worry about medical bills as often as the average person.He knew, of course, that there were plenty of ways he could’ve used his powers to get him some kind of impossibly fantastic athletic career, or some other kind of big-paying job. But that wouldn’t have been fair – unlike most people, he didn’t exactly work for the body or skills he had.  It was more of a thing that was suddenly thrust upon him, rather than at all earned.In fact, Steve used to be a pretty skinny guy with more health problems than anyone person should rightly have managed to live as long as he did.  Ironically, it was because of his skinny, useless body that he even got these powers.Three years before, he’d been in critical condition in hospital after a nasty flu had turned into pneumonia. Steve didn’t remember much of that time, just a blur of fever-dreams and vague sounds from when they’d been forced to put him in a medically induced coma.Then at some point, when Steve had one of those rare moment of consciousness, a doctor by the name of Abraham Erskine had come in and offered Steve a choice. There was an experimental trial, one that meant Steve could not only get better, but also stay that way.Naturally, Steve had been quite sceptical. He’d done more than his fair share of medical trials, so he knew better than most about what the odds were. But after a while, the promise that Dr Erskine had made seemed more and more inviting, especially after another bad episode.So he’d taken the deal, signed more paperwork than he ever thought possible, and then they’d sent him off to some secret underground hospital where it all began. From there he’d been prodded at by a lot of official-looking people and then injected with a series of injections of some kind of serum that Dr Erskine had created.The whole process had been kind of painful, but once it was over, Steve was about a foot taller than he had been, and probably closer to double his old weight. Seeing himself like that had been a surreal experience.After that, he was interviewed by a stern-looking military man named Colonel Phillips who wanted to test what Steve’s body could do had briefed him. Apparently super-strength, amongst other things, was a part of his new set of abilities.But then it had all gone to proverbial shit when Dr Erskine had been killed. The entire Strategic Scientific Reserve had scattered on the wind. Nobody had quite known what to do with Steve after that. Eventually, he’d ended up on a promotional circuit as ‘Captain America’, trying to convince people to support the military taskforces in various nations like he was some kind of living and breathing propaganda icon.His identity has been kept under serious wrap, and eventually after the money ran out for the tours, Steve was cut loose and went on his way. Of course, that was when the whole superhero thing had started.Look, it wasn’t like he’d gone out there intending to become some kind of superhero, but when the emergence of a man known only as the Red Skull had appeared in New York, looking to cause trouble, Steve had suited up in the Cap suit (it seemed like a great idea at th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Roommates/Housemates
Superheroes
Friends to Lovers
Slow Build
Fluff
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
POV Alternating
Domestic Fluff
Canon-Typical Violence
Non-Graphic Violence
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

