Work Text:
The names come in at puberty. Tony knows this not because his parents have ever sat down and had a conversation with him about this, like a normal family might, but because he reads a lot and there's always a chapter on soulmates in the puberty books, right after the ones about all the body hair and how he can look forward to his voice cracking and having to change his sheets a lot. Plus, well, the other kids talk about it. And they might be wrong about a lot of things, but they happen to be right about this one.
Your soulmate. One name on your wrist, in their handwriting. Might be romantic, might not be. Probably alive, but might not be. It's not an exact science. The movies all say you feel different when you meet them, too, that you fall in love then and there, but Tony thinks that's just Hollywood. Or at least, that's the opinion he expresses aloud.
Tony is twelve and at boarding school when the name appears on his wrist, dark, in fancy cursive. One of the other boys sees it, laughs, calls him a fag, and Tony -- such a nice, quiet, bookish boy, the teachers all say -- snarls at him, low and vicious, and slams his head into the wall. In the ensuing fight, the other kid gets a messy, drippy nosebleed and Tony gets two black eyes by the time the teachers pull them apart.
He's sitting in the hallway, kicking the air, shirt stained with someone else's blood,  and he's waiting for them to call Howard. He realizes that the odd, buoyant feeling in his chest is pride. He's defending his soulmate. So maybe he's queer, but so what? His soulmate will love him.
He looks down at his wrist, and he wonders if Steve Rogers, whoever he is, will be proud of him. He hopes so.
When he finally arrives, Howard beams at him.
Howard is actually pleased Tony was caught fighting, because that's the sort of thing men do. That's why Tony's been at boarding school for the past five years. He was weak. He was soft. He was a sissy. They're making a man of you, boy, he says. Glad to see the money wasn't wasted.
Then he sees the name on Tony's wrist, and, well--
Tony doesn't really like to remember the next part.
There are soulmate databases. Of course there are soulmate databases. How the hell would people ever find each other without them? Tony can only vaguely imagine how it worked before computers. He knows people used to travel a lot more.
Most people are in the soulmate databases, because why wouldn't you be?
Tony Stark isn't most people. Even setting aside the exact details of the name on his wrist, he's the heir to Stark Industries. A lot of people would be willing to fake their own wrists for a shot at his money. So he's not listed. Most celebrities aren't. Tony thinks that this is pretty ironic, given that you can see a whole lot of skin from a lot of celebrities, depending on your choice of magazines. You can see everything but the names on their wrists. Tony's fifteen now. He's deeply into irony. Irony and integrated circuit design.
The actual reason he's not listed is because Howard forbade it. No son of his is a queer, Howard had said, like insisting it could change the name on Tony's wrist or the feelings in Tony's heart. And, hell, Tony didn't even know if his soulmate would love him like that, but he'd nodded and bitten back all the words about how then maybe he didn't want to be his son. And his mother had sat there, looking like she was going to cry, but she'd let Howard stop him. Maybe she hadn't had a choice.
But Tony still looks. Quietly. Anonymously. Howard's never going to know.
And when he's twenty-one he'll be able to put his name in the databases. Howard won't be able to stop him then, not legally. He knows there will be fakes. There will be imposters. But somewhere deep in his ironic, cynical, atheist heart, he knows that he'll just know. He'll meet Steve Rogers, and he'll know. He imagines meeting him a hundred different ways. A thousand. Steve Rogers -- tall, short, fat, thin, black, white -- will be in line in front of him at the coffeeshop. Steve Rogers will be a fellow student in one of his classes, and they'll look at each other, and they'll smile, and they'll know.
And he'll be happy. They'll be happy.
He wonders what unconditional love is like.
By the time he's seventeen, he's tried every Stephen, Steven, and Steve Rogers in the database. In all the databases. In the entire phone book. In every record he can find of living people. He's as positive as he can be that there is no living Steve Rogers with Tony's name on his wrist.
Nothing.
Two options, then: Steve Rogers hasn't been born yet, or Steve Rogers is already dead.
Well, he can work on narrowing one of those options down.
It's harder to find dead people. Obituaries don't generally list soulmate names -- not of people who hadn't found theirs, anyway. Talk about tragic and tacky.
Tony is eighteen when it occurs to him to try military records. Soldiers have had to give their soulmate's name upon enlistment since at least World War I. And 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Secret Identity
Homophobia
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Romance
Happy Ending
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

