Work Text:

Spaghetti 
“It’s just a cooking class,” Nat said. Just intended to teach him how to provide for himself since cooking was really not something he’d learned how to do between the ages of zero and twenty-eight. Mostly because when he was a kid, he was too sick to cook and his mom did it, and then when he wasn’t sick anymore, he did that whole “Join the army” thing where there were three square meals a day provided for him. This was always convenient the one time his squad shipped out with the Marines and they were in port on furlough for a week and he was flat broke. He spent that time, rather than learning how to cook rice and beans or living off Gabe and Monty’s good graces, sprinting the four miles back to base every night to get chow.“Just a cooking class,” Steve agreed. “Yeah. Sure.”
Yeah. Sure.
The words would haunt him for the rest of his life, that was damn sure.It is just a cooking class, yes, that much was true.A couples’ cooking class.And there was Steve, single as shit.He smiles awkwardly at the newlyweds at the next station. They look pitying. He isn’t sure if that is better or worse than the clearly-married-way-longer-than-they-should-have-been couple on the other side, both of whom are staring at Steve like they are starving piranhas and he is an unfortunate cow.He grimaces at them and looks down at his counter. He could definitely still leave.“Alright, everyone welcome,” the instructor says. Steve curses under his breath. It had been his last chance to run for the hills. And now the instructor is there. He wonders if Nat did this on purpose.“Today, we’re going to start with something really basic,” the instructor says. “Spaghetti sauce. Really, really easy spaghetti sauce.”“Easier than opening a jar?” one of the couples asks, which got them a few giggles from the other patrons.Six weeks. One night a week for six weeks, Steve thinks to himself.Fuck, Steve thinks to himself.The instructor laughs like he is used to all this, which was when Steve looked up. The instructor is – Steve is at a loss for words. The instructor is maybe an inch shorter than he is, almost as well built, or maybe just as well but trimmer he can’t be sure until he sees him naked (he will not be seeing the instructor naked, he informs his unruly subconscious). His dark hair is swept back in a style that really would not have looked out of place in the 1940s. His eyes, piercing and bright even across the room (Steve is in the back) are intensely blue.That all had nothing on the casual dimple in his chin and the fullness of his mouth that puts Steve in mind of strawberries for reasons almost certainly related to the fact it is a cooking class. It takes a whole minute for Steve to realise that the instructor is talking.“Well, no it’s not easier than opening a can, but you know exactly what’s in it and you get the pride of knowing you made it,” the instructor says. “Now, you’re going to need tomatoes, onions, garlic, some herbs – basil, oregano, thyme, rosemary, marjoram, and sage – olive oil, butter, salt, and some wine.”Steve probably has never had any of those ingredients in his house, except the butter and the wine.“I see a few of you looking concerned,” the instructor says, making eye contact with Steve and smiling. Steve’s knees do a funny little melting thing that he absolutely does not intend. The male half of the married-too-long couple eyes him. “And I’ll have you know that all of those herbs can be found very easily in any jar of herbs called Italian Seasoning.”People laugh. Steve manages a weak chuckle.The recipe, once Steve got a hang of the instructor’s manner, actually isn’t hard. All he has to do is put the butter and olive oil in the pan and once it’s hot, add the chopped garlic and the chopped onion. Once the onion is translucent, he puts in the tomatoes, some spices, the wine, and then just lets it sit there.“A lot of people get weird about their tomatoes,” the instructor says while they all set their sauce to simmer. “Because you’re at the grocery store and you pick up the pretty, giant heirloom tomatoes, right? The ones that are yellow or striped, or variegated, but you’re about to cook the crap out of them.”People laugh. Steve notices for the first time that their instructor’s apron is Kelley green.“When I’m making sauce, I tend to use romas,” the instructor says. “They’ve got a nice texture, they cook really well, and their flavour really comes out when you cook them down. Plus, they’re not that pretty, so I don’t feel bad about destroying them.”He holds up the strange, oblong little tomatoes that were provided at each of their stations. Steve can’t say his wanders through the produce section at Whole Foods have ever really included time spent considering the difference between an heirloom or beefsteak or roma tomato.“To add a little dimension, I use the cherry or plum tomatoes,” the instructor says. Steve seriously needs to figure out his name. Nat must know, but he’s not sure his pride can tak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
chef!bucky
Cooking Class
steve cannot cook
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
actually edible recipes
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

