Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“JARVIS?” No response. “Come on, JARVIS, buddy, talk to me.”

“He will not answer you.”

Tony turns around, the SHIELD files he had been studying suddenly all collapsing. She’s sitting on the couch like she owns it, the one he and Pepper had been sitting on only a few hours ago. She’s pure seduction. Pure seduction is sitting on his couch. Emerald eyes flash amusement at his surprise. 

“What did you do to JARVIS?” That’s the important thing here. Focus Tony, focus. “How’d you even get in here?”
The arch of one delicate eyebrow and the slight upturn of lips has Tony chanting ‘Pepper, you’re in a committed relationship with Pepper. Pepppppper.’
“Oh, but I’m not here, Mr. Stark. It is simply a dream.”

Tony smirks at her. “Nah, I don’t think so. See, if this was a dream you would be naked. You also wouldn’t be calling me Mr. Stark,” he adds almost as an afterthought.
She stands gracefully and suddenly the dress isn’t there anymore. ‘Definitely a dream,’ Tony thinks as she walks toward him, complete naked save for those heels, and damn that would be fun. ‘Just go with it. It’s a dream. Logic says so.’
“Tell me what you want, Tony,” she whispers in his ear, standing so very, very close to him.

The billionaire takes a deep breath, which he realizes a second later had not been a good idea when the scent of holly and leather reaches him. It is strangely intoxicating. “What the hell,” he mutters, and reaches for her. “It’s just a dream.” 

And really, a tongue that skilled just could not be real.
 Tony makes a mental note that no matter how boring a board meeting becomes, reimagining that particular dream is not an appropriate way to pass the time.He only realizes what snapped him back to reality when Clint marches up to him. “You are a giant man whore.”“And this is a private meeting, Legolas. Just inviting yourself in is considered rather rude.”“You’re one to talk, man whore.”“Already used that one.”“It’s very appropriate given the circumstances.” “What circumstances?” Pepper is angry. Tony loves it when Pepper is angry. Well, when she’s not angry with him.“Sorry to barge in like this, Miss Potts.” Oh hey, Cap’s here too. “But we need Tony to come with us. There’s a rather important situation that needs to be taken care of.”“What? Did Fury forget how to use a phone?”“Would you have come in if he’d called?”“Good point, but just because he sent you two clowns does not mean I’m going to drop this very important meeting.”Steve is giving him his serious face. “I will throw you over my shoulder.”Tony takes a moment to consider it. He doesn’t doubt for a second that Steve really would. “Pep?”She takes a deep breath. “Fine. I’ll wrap up here. Go save the world.”“Thanks, Pep. You’re the best.” He places a kiss on her cheek before following Clint and Steve.“You better believe it,” she mutters, and it makes him smile.“Giant man-whore,” Clint whispers to him once more as the door closes behind him./Thor intercepts the servant just as he has for over eight months now. She has long given up protesting. Every day he brings Loki his food, every day Loki’s sharp tongue chases him away, but every day Thor still comes back.Today things are different. He realizes it as soon as he opens the door. Loki’s magic has hung heavy in the room ever since their return to Asgard. The Trickster’s pregnancies had a tendency to make his control over his magic slip and lash out. With the life growing inside him his body compensated by producing even more magic than Loki was used to holding in his body. Loki dealt with it by constantly shifting his form to burn off the excess magic, but what remained was almost suffocating.Loki’s magic hits him like a wave, forcing him to take a step back. The tray drops, forgotten, from his hands. “Brother?”Loki stops his pacing to glare at the Thunderer. Without any warning Loki’s features began to soften, his face becoming less sharp, shoulders narrowing, gaining curves, and losing a few inches of height. Only his swollen belly remains the same as Loki shifts to his female form.Thor steps forward, guiding Loki to a chair as she places a slender hand on her stomach. “Is it the child? Please Loki, let me help.”“Odin.” Loki’s grip on Thor’s wrist is almost painful. “Where is he?”“I am here, Loki.”Thor looks up just as his father steps over the abandoned meal. “Father?”Odin gently but firmly pushes Thor aside. “Have you made your choice, Loki?”“Of course I have,” she snaps at him. “I will keep this one, Allfather.”Odin suddenly seems older at those words. Thor knows the look in his eye. It’s the look he had when Loki fell from the Bifrost. “You are sure? There are other ways.”“All of which involve you taking my child again.”“As long as it is mortal I will not interfere.” Odin takes Loki’s hands in his own. “I would not choose this for you.”“No, you would give me no other choice but this one.”“Father, Loki, what-““Shut up, Thor. Just do it already, Allfather. I do not exactly have all day.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Mpreg
Lady Loki
Smartass Family
Child rearing with Tony Stark
Odin's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

