Work Text:
It's not that Tony is pissed Clint and Thor got Steve drunk. He's mostly pissed that he wasn't around for it.And really mostly he's pissed that he wasn't around for it because he was off being a responsible adult. He never does that, so it's unfair they chose the one time he indulged Pepper's whims and went off to be a grownup to get Steve trashed.The thing about Steve is that you can get him drunk if you load him up with enough alcohol to overwhelm his metabolism. The problem is that if you overwhelm his metabolism, you get more or less instant alcohol poisoning. So Steve would get maybe a minute of really good buzz and then thirty of puking.The scientists at SHIELD wanted to try it anyway, but Steve said no. Steve rarely says no, so when he does, he is immovable. It didn't hurt that he had Tony backing him up, because Tony will argue with people for hours for the sheer joy of it, and Tony is not interested in any procedure that ends with Steve throwing up.Tony has taken to calling the science division "The Frat House". Coulson, for once, has not looked disapproving about one of Tony's nicknames.He's not actually sure what has happened, at first, when he walks into the mansion after the investor meeting and sees Clint and Thor playing the new holographic video game Tony's been programming, Bruce reading a science journal in the corner, and Steve napping on the couch.Here is what's wrong with this picture:One: The video game isn't open code yet. Which means Clint must have hacked into his gaming server, and then Clint and Thor must have taught themselves to play. Tony's a little pissed about this, but on the other hand he supposes a sniper and a Norse god make pretty good beta-testers.Two: Steve doesn't nap. Certainly not on the couch. Steve is the kind of man who sits upright on the couch with posture so good it makes Tony's neck hurt in sympathy, and if he needs to sleep he goes to his room.Three: On closer inspection, Steve isn't napping.He's laid out on his side, one arm tucked under a throw pillow under his head, the other splayed on the cushion by his face. His long body is loose, weirdly relaxed, and his hair is ruffled. He looks like a bored cheetah. His eyes are slitted but still open, lazily following Clint and Thor's game."Hey!" he says, when he sees Tony, but he doesn't move or get up. "Hey, Tony.""Uh oh, dad's home," Clint says, elbowing Thor."Do not distract me," Thor replies, concentrating hard on the game, which is a combination first-person-shooter, roleplay adventure, and Tetris reboot, because Tony never does anything by halves."What did you do to Steve?" Tony asks, shedding his Being A Grownup outfit -- coat off, jacket off, tie off, waistcoat unbuttoned, phone out of his inside pocket, tablet out of his coat pocket, two flashdrives out of his jacket's inside pocket, headphones out of his pants pocket, bluetooth off his ear -- it occurs to Tony he has a lot of stuff."Got me drunk," Steve says. He's not slurring, but there's a certain soft roundness to the words."I thought we couldn't do that," Tony says, looking at Bruce."Didn't mean I didn't want to," Steve replies cheerily. He stretches, hips shifting, bare toes curling.Tony picks up a glass from the coffee table and sniffs it. It smells like gold looks, and that's as far as his brain gets before he knows who to blame."Your hooch?" he asks Thor, who nods."A gentle but efficacious brew," Thor says. Clint shoots one of Thor's L-pieces, and Thor retaliates with the Sword Of Justice, which you have to get five four-clearances in a row and charm a princess in order to win. Tony's impressed."Please tell me you supervised the children while Daddy was at work," Tony says to Bruce, who smiles gently."It's interesting, really," Bruce says. "There's no alcohol content in the Asgardian...liquid, I checked.""Tell that to the lush on my couch."Steve looks up at him, placid, serene, totally off his head. Unsurprisingly, it's a good look for him. Tony has yet to see anything that's not a good look for Steve."It seems to work on an almost psychological level," Bruce continues. "I had JARVIS scan him -- "" -- tickled," Steve murmurs." -- and he's definitely impaired, there's something physiological going on there. But the liquid seems to get you, oh, about as hard as you want to be gotten. Clint had almost as much as Steve and he's only a little buzzed. Clint?"Clint starts to recite the alphabet backwards. Tony cuts him off at V-U-T."You got Steve drunk with magic," he says."Pretty much," Bruce shrugs. "I'm doing some more analyses. I'll copy them to your server when I get through with them, but you can't send them to Richards. And if you publish before I do I'll push you through a wall.""Publishing is boring, you can have it," Tony replies. He sits down on the edge of a cushion, the small of his back up against Steve's chest. "You feeling no pain?""Nope," Steve says cheerfully, while Tony uses a friendly hair-ruffle to subtly check his eyes. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Psychological Trauma
Drunkenness
Depression
Grief
Recovery

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

