Work Text:
Bruce is locked in a battle of wills with a credit card.It's been sitting on his bedside table for two days, mocking him. It's black and shiny and his name is on it, but it's not actually his. It's linked to Tony's account and Bruce knows that no matter what he tries, he will never see a statement or bill from American Express. He will never have to repay anything he pays for with a swipe of this card.Pepper sat him down two days ago, incredibly nice Pepper who shouldn't be wasting her valuable CEO time on him, Pepper whom Tony visibly adores with the kind of wholehearted love that sort of hurts to watch. Pepper, who runs Stark Industries, a multibillion-dollar corporation.She sat him down in the kitchen and sat next to him and said -- and this was before he understood what was going on:"You need to understand that Tony means it when he says he's a philanthropist. He's ridiculously rich, the kind of rich where his bank statement just looks absurd," she said, hands around the cup of coffee he poured for her. "He's never loaned anyone money in his life because if he gives it to you it's a gift.""Okay," Bruce said slowly. He'd gotten the idea; the first day of his life in Stark Tower, Tony had just flat-out given him a lab."So this is going to look like I'm paying you to be Tony's friend, I know that, but that isn't it at all," she said, and set the card down on the counter with a little click. "Think of it as a research grant, if that helps."Bruce stared at the card."I can't..." he looked up at her. "They put me on the payroll, you know. I get a check every two weeks. More than I'm probably worth, really. And Tony won't let me pay rent. I can't accept this.""You can, and you will," she said. "If nothing else, for lab equipment and supplies. It's actually more efficient than requisitioning it, less paperwork for the billing department. But you can use it to buy books, food, whatever you need. And you do need clothes," she added kindly. "You've been here a month and you keep washing the same three shirts.""JARVIS told on me." It's easier to be amused than to be angry, Bruce has found. At least, it's easier on the architecture."JARVIS is programmed to protect the health and safety of the Tower's occupants," Pepper replied."I was going to. When I got my first check. The paperwork's still processing."Pepper patted his hand. "Get yourself some nice clothes, Bruce. If you don't want to go out alone, Tony will take you, or Happy's a good guy to give opinions. If you don't want to go out, JARVIS can make sure your measurements for online ordering are exact."And she'd gotten a text message and left, with an apologetic smile and a toss of her pretty red ponytail.Bruce had gone from poor kid to starving college student to grubby graduate student to man-on-the-run. He's never really had the money to dress the way he'd like, the way he's seen other people dressing. There's always been a distant, gnawing envy of wealth.Hence, the battle of wills. Because he could take that card and go out. He could buy whatever he wanted. Tony probably wouldn't even notice.But it isn't his money.Ironically, in the end, it's Steve who makes the decision for him. Steve shows up one evening, shield on his shoulder, a bag slung on his other arm, and after the hello-how-are-yous are done, says, "Mr. Stark said I could bunk in with you."Bruce gives him a measured look. "If you're okay with that."Steve's brow crinkles. "Sure. Shouldn't I be?""Most people are a little iffy about sharing space with me, once they know.""Oh. Oh! Well, no, I don't imagine I mind that, it's not like he just shows up," Steve says easily, and sets his bag down. "There a spare room?""Couple of 'em, down the hall. Take your pick.""Thanks. Sure you don't mind?"Bruce shakes his head."Truth is," Steve continues, walking into the kitchen -- he makes a pleased noise when he finds half a pot of coffee, and Bruce offers him a mug from the rack. "Truth is, SHIELD got me this apartment out in Brooklyn and it's nice, and I like the neighborhood, but I was rattling around in it. Never lived alone in my life, couldn't get used to it."Bruce realizes Steve is nervous, and talking and moving to cover it. And the funniest thing is, it's obvious the Big Guy is not what's doing it. Steve's just...in a big new place and unsure of his footing.Bruce can relate.Steve sips his coffee, and a blissful look passes over his face."In the war we only got chicory," he says, explaining. "I'm still getting used to the real stuff.""There's beans in the freezer," Bruce offers, and Steve looks baffled.So they spend the evening playing Kitchen Appliance Roulette: how to work the complicated grinder-percolator coffee machine, what a food processor is for, and the basic functions of a microwave.And the next morning, when Bruce comes out of his bedroom, damp from the shower and starving, Steve is sitting at the kitchen table talking to JARVIS."So," he's saying, with the air of a man working through a c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Capitalism
cartoons
Makeover

fandom: 
None
