Work Text:
Bucky wasn't sure what he'd done in a previous life to warrant The Best Fucking Gift of All Time (patent pending – he'd send his EA out to file the paperwork tomorrow), but he sure as hell wasn't going to complain.  Even for a man of his status, used to the best of the best and assured of his place in the world, this was beyond fucking unreal.Steve Rogers – Captain fucking America himself – was standing in front of him, in a beautifully tailored suit that showcased every bit of his magnificent body, having essentially just purchased Bucky for the night.  Had just propositioned the hell out of him in no uncertain terms in front of witnesses.  The most eligible bachelor in America, the man even the straightest of straight men would go to their knees for, was damn near vibrating out his skin with barely suppressed lust and looking at Bucky like Bucky was his every wet dream come true.  This was shaping up to be the best night of Bucky's entire life. Which, given Bucky's very colorful history, was saying something. "C'mon," Bucky urged, gentling his grip on Steve's hand by the slightest of degrees.  "Let's get the hell out of here.  I've got an entire penthouse floor with our names written all over it.""You know, it is kind of a shame," Steve commented, even as he followed Bucky's lead out of the crowded ballroom and into the main lobby of the hotel.  There were people milling all around; at their arrival, a few started filming and snapping shots on their phones. But Bucky was well-used to the scrutiny, and the never-ending spotlight came with the last name.  He was sure Steve had it just as bad."Shame about what?" Bucky absently asked, scanning the area for the nearest exit.  His limo and driver should be waiting for him out front."Shame we're not testing out the bathroom stalls."Bucky halted mid-step.  Pivoted to face Steve, who was just staring back at him out of those gorgeously-lashed blue eyes.  Calm on the surface – steady as a rock to any casual onlooker – but Bucky could see past all that to the undercurrents rippling just below the surface.  Deep enough a man could drown in them, and way too much temptation to resist."Is that what you want?"  He crowded close.  Close enough to feel the fast beat of Steve's heart against his own.  Close enough to feel the heat of Steve's skin through the thin fabric of his shirt and jacket."You want the world to see me sucking you off, worshipping your dick?" Which he was dying to do, as soon as possible, but something about the way Steve was looking at him made him think there was something else going on.  That maybe Steve was hoping for something different, something unexpected.  "Or is it that you want the world to see you on your knees with another man's cock sliding between those pretty lips?"  He dragged a thumb across Steve's bottom lip in emphasis, and got the sweetest moan in reply.Interesting.  Seemed like the good Captain was hiding all kinds of needs under the starched façade he showed to the world."Is that it, sweetheart?" he crooned, playing a hunch.  "You got an urge to put on a show? Suck me off all nice and sweet, let everyone here know how much you love choking on cock? I bet you do love it, don't you.  I bet there's nothing you love more than being on your knees with a hard dick deep down your throat, isn't there?"He got another moan and a jerky nod in response.  Jesus.  He was going to make the biggest endowment ever to St. Jude's Hospital for putting on this event."Tell you what."  He moved even closer, blocked Steve’s view of everyone else with a subtle shift of his body.  Gave that pouting mouth a lingering kiss that promised so much more.  "Why don't you put on a private show just for me in the limo and I'll let you know if I'm ready to put you on display for everyone to see.  Is that okay?"Because no fucking way Captain America was truly serious about dropping to his knees in front of all these people.  He had a sterling (some would say dull as hell) reputation to uphold, and the general public tended to like their heroes and superheroes nice and safe and wholesome as apple pie.  Unless, of course, said superheroes were Tony Stark.  But Steve was neither rich enough nor eccentric enough to get a pass.But, despite that stodgy reputation, Steve clearly had a few kinks and fantasies he wanted to explore, and Bucky was selfish and arrogant enough to want to fulfill every single one of them.  (And if Steve really did have an itch to scratch on the exhibitionism front, there were a few clubs they could go to.  Places where discretion was highly valued, as was anonymity.)Steve's adam's apple bobbed when he swallowed and nodded.  His pupils were so dilated, the black of them almost swallowed the blue.  His face was flushed from his forehead to his neck and Bucky couldn't wait to peel him out of that suit to see just how far down that flush went."God, you're fucking gorgeous," Bucky marveled.  "I bet you're gonna be so good for me, aren't you?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Steve is still Captain America
Modern Day Bucky Barnes
Charity Auctions
Bachelor Auction
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talk
Hand Jobs
Praise Kink
Dom/sub Undertones
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

