Chapter 1





Chapter Text


There came a point when breaking Loki out of prison, to assist in the fight against some evil or another, was occurring so regularly that the Allfather decided to alter Loki’s sentence from “life in prison” to “community service”. It was either that or install a revolving door. Loki was forced to wear a magical bracelet (or “shackle”, as Loki would whine) which not only limited his access to his powers when he wasn’t on a battlefield, but also bind him, to a radius of ten yards, to his parole office, Thor, who wore a similar bracelet around one his vambraces.All his life Loki had felt like his was standing in Thor’s shadow, and now it was no longer a metaphor.But as vocal as Loki was about how degrading his new punishment was, he took undeniable pleasure in the vexation his constant proximity was causing Thor. Especially when he was trying have private moments with Jane Foster.“Are you done mounting your Midgardian yet, Thor?” Loki shouted irritably as he paced the hallway outside Thor’s bedroom, located on one of the residential levels of Avengers Tower. “Stark has procured pizza for supper and has refused to bring me any. I am famished and the smell is driving me to distraction. I swear, if your pathetic grunting has caused me miss out on the pepperoni again I shall be, as the mortals say, very pissed off. Are you listening to me?!”** *** **“This is getting ridiculous, Thor,” Jane muttered, clutching a bed sheet to her chest as she stared at the ceiling.“I know, Jane,” Thor grumbled beside her, rubbing his temple. “But there’s nothing to be done. He cannot be trusted to wander unsupervised.”“But this is seriously affecting our relationship. Can’t you just… put him back in his cell for a long weekend?”“That would be unfair to him.”The ranting outside their door grew louder causing Jane to curse under her breath and reach for her clothes.“It’s unfair to you, Thor. And to me. And as long as he’s tethered to you, he’s not going to give us a moment’s peace.”“Perhaps he doesn’t have to be tethered to me, specifically…” Thor wondered out loud.“What are you saying?”Technically Loki wasn’t bound to Thor but to the gold band he wore on his wrist, he explained. And, theoretically, the band could be worn by anyone. It was just a matter of finding someone who would be willing to take on the burden from time to time. And who did they know that they could trust with such a task? Who did they know who wouldn’t mind relocating to Avengers Tower in case a prompt handover was necessary? Who did they know that wasn’t at the whim of their “super” duties? Who did they know who had a lot of free time on their hands? Who did they know who might just be as annoying to Loki as he was to them?** *** **“What?” Darcy asked, spitting blueberry muffin crumbs all over her shirt.“We need to ask you something,” Jane rambled nervously, pulling Darcy’s legs off the workbench, spinning her around to face them.“It wasn’t me,” she replied, pulling her earbuds out. “Whatever you think I did, it wasn’t me.”“Darcy,” Jane said, cutting through her intern-turned-paid-assistant’s nervousness with her own. “Thor and I need to ask you a favour. A big one.”“No, I will not join your braid train.”“Darcy!”“Sorry,” she laughed. “What? What is it?”“You know how this bracelet binds Thor and Loki together.”“Uhuh…” Darcy nodded, spying the latter lurking in the lab doorway. “What about it?”“I had hoped you would take the burden from me for a short while.”“What?!” Darcy and Loki cried in unison.“Just for the weekend, Darcy. Please?” Jane begged.“Thor, you cannot be serious!” Loki practically screamed. “If this punishment wasn’t humiliating enough, now you would charge this child with being my warden?!”“Hey, I am not a child, and I am no babysitter either. I am seriously overqualified to be a babysitter – but I am seriously underqualified to be Rudolph the Psycho Reindeer’s babysitter.” Loki growled at the mention of yet another nickname he had acquired during his time on Earth. “I’m don’t have magic, or muscles, or Myeuh-muh – how am I supposed to handle HIM.”“Do not fret, Darcy. The bracelet will give you certain powers over him.”“Powers?” Darcy replied, intrigued despite herself. “What sort of powers? What are you talking about?”“The bracelet will bind him to you; he will not be able to move out of its range without colliding with an invisible barrier. He cannot cause harm to the wearer for the same reason; you will be protected. And if his antics are causing too much grief to those around him, you need just wish harm to his person and a punishment will be administered.”Thor extended his arm to Darcy, smiling warmly, only the faintest hint of desperation in his eyes. Darcy relented and clasped Thor’s arm in the Asgardian fashion, watching with amazement as the gold band unfurled itself from Thor’s wrist and wrapped around hers. Her skin hummed at the contact as the band solidified, sitting snugly around her wrist.“Thank you, Darcy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
tasertricks - Freeform
My First Work in This Fandom
Avenger Loki
Friendship/Love
Friends With Benefits
Darcy Feels
Loki Needs a Hug
Secret Relationship
Explicit Sexual Content
Erotic Electrostimulation
Tasers
Handcuffed Together
Alien Cultural Differences
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Avengers Family
Dysfunctional Family
Magic
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Avengers Tower
Humor
Fluff
Angst
Romance
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

