Work Text:
----Tony had done it. It had taken a couple of months and getting blasted square out of the sky on numerous occasions by one of Loki's minions in an effort to get some of his DNA or whatever Asgardians are made of, but he had done it. He had basically, in layman' terms, created a sort of tracking device for Loki's energy signature. No matter where the asshole was hiding, they would be able to know where he was, or if he was behind whatever fuckery was happening. Suck it, Richards. He didn't need his help. He gave one last pull to tighten the the last bolt, and stepped back to admire his handiwork. The machine itself was what seemed like an enormous metal cube. The controller was no bigger than your typical TV remote, and it was the first of its kind. He didn't actually know if it worked or not, so the only way to find out was to test it.  
'Sir, might I advise against doing so, the compound within the device is unstable-'
"JARVIS. This is science. Magic can, and will, be explained by simple, or maybe not so simple, facts. Once I prove this works, I will also prove that magic is BS, which is why I hate it so. Now, FOR SCIENCE!" He pulled the lever on the dashboard and mashed the button on the remote. He felt rather than saw when something went wrong. The air around him seemed to thicken and swirl, even though he was sure that wasn't possible. His instincts screamed at him to put on the suit, and for once, he listened to them. It was only seconds after he donned it that an enormous, multi-colored portal of some sort opened right in the middle of his lab. That wasn't what it was supposed to do. 
'Sir!'
 He only had a moment to grab the remote before he was forcibly pulled in.----Steve was wailing on his third punching bag when the tower started to shake. It immediately put him on edge, because Avengers Tower was made to withstand damn near everything. He had just regained his balance when JARVIS spoke to him in a panic. 
'Captain Rogers! There has been an incident in Sir's lab-'
 Steve didn't even let him finish before he was on a mad dash for the elevator. The other Avengers came skidding around the corner, apparently summoned by JARVIS as well. All of them ran into the lab as soon as they hit the floor, but all that was there was a smoking hunk of metal. As JARVIS explained what happened, he punched the wall, and fell to the floor. ----Tony tumbled onto the hard concrete beneath him. He got to his feet, and checked his HUD. Nothing.  He looked around. It was undoubtably New York; the extremely tall buildings gave that away. But the normally busy streets were empty, and it was...silent. No people anywhere. No honking, or yelling. Just silence. He kicked up the repulsors, and proceeded to get a bird's eye view. It was just as lifeless everywhere he looked. He was swooping low to see if he find anyone when he was smacked square in the faceplate by a familiar object. He righted himself before he could be put through the nearest building, and looked at where it came from. The figure caught the shield, and jumped down into the light. It was... 
"Steve?!"
 The Other Steve's face contorted into an expression that he never thought a Steve's face could make. It was an expression of pure rage. He stepped back, and Steve stepped forwards. He spoke in a hostile growl. 
"Where did you get that?"
"Get what? Steve, what the hell is going on?""Don't Steve me! Where the fuck did you get that armor?""What are you talking about? I made this-""DON'T LIE TO ME!" He brought his hands up on instinct, but those instincts were warring with his vow to never hurt Steve. But this Steve obviously had no such qualms. He continued to advance on Tony, and he continued to step back. "Don't you dare fucking lie to me. Only one man could make an armor like that." He raised his shield threateningly. 
"And he's dead."
----Bucky grabbed Reed by the front of his uniform. "What do you mean, you can't find him?""He's using an unstable energy source. I can't track something without a consistent signal-" Bucky looked like he wanted to shake him senseless with frustration, but Natasha stepped in to make him let go. Steve had gone numb From the minute he slid to the floor of the lab. He was so useless. All of those nights, those whispered promises to a sleeping Tony that he would protect him, and when he was truly needed he wasn't there.  The he others had tried to convince him that it would be fine, but he knew they had their doubts. He wasn't even in their dimension anymore. And there were an infinite number of those. How the hell were they going to get him back when they didn't know which one he was in?-----Tony stood stock still. Dead? What did he mean, dead? The Other Steve looked ready to murder him in cold blood, so he did the first thing and most dangerous thing that came to mind. He lifted the faceplate. Other Steve stopped in his tracks, and stared at him. This expression was even worse. It was heartbroken terror. "What? How?""I'm To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Steve
Protective Bucky
Alternate Universe
Bad Decisions
Lab safety is important Tony
Angst and Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

