Work Text:
Catfish /ˈkatˌfiSH/ - A catfish is someone who pretends to be someone they're not using Facebook or other social media to create false identities, particularly to pursue deceptive online romances.
 Bucky often makes dating profiles when he gets bored just to boost up his confidence. He’s a good-looking guy and he knows it, but sometimes it’s just nice to see people fawning over him like he’s some damn celebrity. Which, is exactly why he’s sitting here, sipping wine and scrolling through match.com’s most eligible singles.He clicks the ‘next’ button, preparing to continue his silly search until he gets a little ping and a message up at the top. Someone’s ‘winking’ at him. He opens the note and stifles a laugh when he sees a guy clearly older than him with a receding hairline. “Ignore,” he states before going back to the page before. He takes another sip of wine, clicking his tongue over the tart flavor.Sniffing, he clicks the ‘next’ page again and bursts out laughing. “The fuck?! Seriously, dude!” He’s chuckling to himself as he clicks the guy’s profile. A picture of Steve Rogers is posted up, all hulking and rippled with muscle. Bucky was not opposed to telling everyone and their mother about his adoration for the Star-Spangled Celebrity. Steve Rogers has made a name for himself out in Hollywood depicting the beloved comic character, Captain America. His movies are instant box office smashes and the guy is a total doll face! Bucky’s a bored college student so he often lurks on twitter to check out what Steve Rogers is tweeting about. Usually, it’s cute banter between Steve and his co-star Sam Wilson (who plays Falcon and Bucky thinks his suit is absolutely sweet).“Oh my God, this is too rich,” Bucky laughs to himself as he scrolls the profile. “Whoever wrote this is obviously a catfish. He likes shuffleboard, building soapbox cars and fishing? Jesus, are you my grandpa?” Bucky can’t help himself from clicking the pictures. He scans over them, his lips curling into a lustful smile. “Mmm but that chest is so built it hurts.”He sets his wine down, pulling the laptop into his lap to send this guy a wink. He doesn’t really think too far ahead because if the guy responds, he’s going to have no idea how to handle it, but for now, he’s going to play with this catfisher. “You like fishing?” Bucky asks as he clicks the ‘wink’ option. “Well go fish, daddy.”Bucky scoffs, still in disbelief that someone would use Steve Rogers’ picture and not realize everyone and their mom would know it wasn’t real. Steve Rogers was said to be dating Sharon Carter– it’s all over the tabloids and while Bucky can’t be 100% sure, Sharon and Steve do have some serious chemistry on the silver screen. Not to mention that Steve seems undeniably straight with his boy next door charm.He rolls of the bed, draining down his wine and heading for the shower. He’s got Evidence bright and early and if he has to listen to his professor ramble on about hearsay and excited utterances without his beauty sleep, he may just die.Bucky slips into the shower, shivering as the warm water slips down his body, hugging his contours and edges. He’s not as ripped as Steve Rogers but he’s got a nice six-pack and pretty decent arms if he says so himself. He moves quickly, grabbing the shampoo and scrubbing it through his hair. He can’t believe someone used Steve Rogers’ picture. “How fucking dumb are you?” He stares at the corner of the shower for a minute entertaining the idea that what if it really was Steve Rogers? “Oh fuck whatever,” he grumbles shrugging and not thinking further on it.After he’s all clean, Bucky plops down on his bed, his hair dripping cool water down his neck. He’s shivering slightly from the fan that he keeps perpetually on in his room. He grabs his computer and opens it back up. He’s lying on his stomach, ankles crossed and swinging lazily in the air, the cool air from the fan tickling over his back.He instantly goes to match.com. He doesn’t even know why his heart is beating so fast. This guy isn’t real. Steve Rogers is a fancy celebrity with ten cars and mansions and shit. Bucky’s a regular broke-ass college student hoping to God someone’ll hire him at a law firm once he graduates. Guys like Steve Rogers don’t need match.com. Hell, even Bucky Barnes doesn’t need match.com. He’s plenty capable of getting dates at school. He’d even gone on a date with one of his professors from undergrad (not when he was getting his degree). Clearly he was handsome enough for most people. Still, the thrill of seeing who he was able to get was intoxicating and Bucky often enjoyed having late night conversations with people when he felt lonely. Sometimes they’d ask him to come over, but he had standards. Fucking was always reserved for the second date (so he likes sex, sue him).Licking his lips, he pulls up his messages and frowns when he sees no ‘wink’ back. Sighing, Bucky closes his laptop and rolls off the bed to put on his PJs.
 “Here on Good Mornin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Online Dating
Movie Star! Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Law School Student! Bucky
Fluff and Smut
Phone Sex
Blow Jobs
heavy make out sessions
Mutual Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Anal Sex
Porn with Feelings
Porn With Plot
Fanboy Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Sassy Steve Rogers
Social Media
match.com is apparently a blessing
Flirting
Steve's low key a meme whore
Falling In Love
Appropriate Alcohol Consumption

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

