Work Text:
Six hours after shawarma, two hours after the endless debriefing with Director Fury, Steve found himself in SHIELD Medical, explaining for the ninth time that he was fine, he would be just fine, thank you very much.It was starting to get old.He knew the wound in his stomach looked bad, and it didn't exactly feel great – but he also knew that it was already starting to heal, and there was really nothing the SHIELD personnel could do. Most drugs did not work on him, and while he knew pharmaceuticals had come a long way from the 1940s, he was still pretty sure they would have the same results: namely, none. And he was tired of being poked and prodded at and marveled over.Pretty much he was just plain tired. It had been one hell of a long day.He was halfway through his tenth explanation when the door to the infirmary swung open and a very aggravated, very loud Tony Stark entered. Two white-coated doctors trailed along behind him, looking rather nervous."There!" Stark announced. He flung up his hands. "I came, I saw, I…left. We're good? We're good." He turned back toward the door, having taken no more than two steps into the room."Mr. Stark," one of the doctors said apologetically. He did not back down however; both men stood in front of the door, effectively blocking the way out."Look," Stark said, his tone indicating just how short his patience was, "I appreciate your concern and all. I get it. I do. But you seem to be forgetting the whole armored suit thing. I'm fine. I'll be fine. You have nothing to worry about and even on the extremely unlikely chance that you do, it's your bosses who really have to worry, not you." He paused. "Unless you continue to stand in my way, that is. Then you might have to worry."Steve slid off the paper-covered examination table where he had been sitting. "What's going on?" he asked.Stark whirled around, obviously surprised to see him. Which was a bit odd considering that Steve hadn't exactly been hiding. "Cap. What are you doing here?"Figuring that his shirtless state and the reddened wound on his abdomen were answer enough, he chose to ignore the question. "I was about to ask the same thing of you."Stark glanced at his injury and his eyes narrowed briefly. Then he looked away and gestured to the two doctors who continued to stand between him and the door. "Apparently there's some concern about my exposure to radiation. Nukes and all, you know. But anyway, as I was just saying to these fine gentlemen, I'm fine, perfectly fine, just on my way out."Steve studied him thoughtfully. He had not missed the growing note of stridency in Stark's voice. He remembered too the notes in the SHIELD file. Tony Stark was not a man who would react well at being forced to remain someplace he did not want to be.Not that Steve could blame him."Guys," he said, raising his voice a little. "It's okay. Let him go. I wondered if you could…" He made a gesture toward his stomach.Instantly the doctors perked up, their chagrin at losing one patient overruled by eagerness at gaining a far more interesting one. "Yes, Captain Rogers."The instant the doctors moved away, Stark backed toward the door. He pointed at Steve. "Come by the Tower," he said. "Pepper and I are rebuilding. There's room for everyone."Steve shook his head. "No, thank you," he said. "I'm going to be busy helping to rebuild the city." He put a slight emphasis on the last word.Stark's mouth tightened into a thin line. Thanks for making me look like a dick, his eyes said.Steve hopped back on the examining table. You owe me one, he thought, knowing full well that Stark could read his response on his face.The doctors pressed in close, full of curious questions and wonder. Without another word, Stark fled and Steve was left to explain for the eleventh time how he was truly going to be all right.****"Sir, Ms. Potts is outside, requesting entry. She appears to be quite irate.""Quite irate? Have you been reading Regency romances again?"The AI did not respond to this jab. "Shall I let her in, sir?""No," Tony said. "Tell her I'll be done in about twenty minutes.""I tried that, sir, per your initial orders. Ms. Potts pointed out – rightfully so, I might add – that you said that four hours ago."Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. Already he had a killer headache; he was in no mood to deal with spineless AIs and concerned girlfriends. "Tell her whatever you want, JARVIS. But she is not getting in here. I'm busy.""Very well, sir." JARVIS sounded vaguely disapproving then. Not that Tony cared.He had far more important things to worry about. Things like portals and alien motherships and the glittering, vast, cold vacuum of space. Questions of survivors and blame and reprisal. Issues of safety and protection and defense.The others hadn't seen. They didn't know. Well, maybe Thor did, but he hadn't exactly been in a talking mood when Tony had gone to see him – was it yesterday? Two days ago? – on board the helicarrier. The thunder god had b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

