Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"And cut! Alright everybody, let's reset. Where's [y/n]?" The director looked around over his shoulder as you wedged yourself forward. "Hey, good. His hair, [y/n]. Let's go more mussed up. He's been fighting, it's hot. Let's try a little more 'sweaty, hard day'."You nodded, glancing around for your subject. Raising on your toes and craning your neck, you spot him. There was Chris Evans, under the shade of a pop up canopy, gesturing an idea across the set in front of him to one of the stunt coordinators with a bottle of water in one hand and pair of sunglasses in the other. You made your way around the front of the cameras toward your star, pulling a spray bottle off your belt of tricks as you moved. You stood by politely, giving him a moment to finish his thoughts with the stunt guy before you'd interrupt. He turned his head to smile at you as he spoke, seeing you stop at the edge of the shade. You held up the bottle in your hand and smiled a silent apology for bothering him as he finished."Hey, [y/n]," he said. "Messed up again?""No," you told him, stepping forward and reaching up to move aside part of his hair. "Just a quick change."You spritzed his hair a couple of times, roughing it up with your hands to move the water around. Adding a touch of gel to your fingers, you pieced his hair a few different ways before eyeing your work over. Not quite pleased, you went in again with the water and sorted his hair around a bit more before giving a satisfied nod."Alright. Back to one!" the director ordered. "Slate, please."You followed Chris back into the sun to the red tape marking his start in front of the cameras. The director came around from his monitors to analyze the new look. He patted the back of your shoulder and told you it was what he was looking for. You gave a quick smile in appreciation and started to clear off the set."Shit," Chris said behind you. "[y/n]! Here."You turned around and he tossed his sunglasses to you first and then his water, not paying attention to the spray bottle you still held. You juggled the items that flew into your hands, fumbling to hold them and clutching them to your chest with a relieved sigh when you didn't drop anything. He laughed at his mistake and your temporarily panicked face before squaring himself up into the scene and clearing his throat to get rid of his smile.His water pinched under your arm, you hung his sunglasses on the neck of your t-shirt for lack of a better place to hold them. The scene filmed another three takes. You handed him his water as he passed by to see the last take on the monitor with the director. They traded a couple of notes before Chris came back again, waiting for you to touch up his hair."He's starting to dry out," the director said your way."Not a problem," you told him, taking up the spray bottle again.You wetted and reset the star's hair. He took a long drink of water before passing the bottle off back to you. You smirked an unappreciative smile and reminded him his assistant was just over there. He shrugged walking back to his mark."Yeah, but that's, like, ten feet away," he explained over his shoulder with a boyish smile.You shook your head and tucked the bottle away under your arm again. The scene taped another two rounds before the director judged the light had finally dropped too much to try any more takes. He told Chris and the others he felt like they had the scene anyway. They'd reshoot tomorrow if he didn't like the dailies. The director told you to use the current look for any reshooting and you took out your phone to snap a few reference photos to add to the book. Chris stood like a statue for you to take your pics and the director told everyone to close the set, you were moving back inside the soundstage for the next shot on the schedule.You walked with Chris to the hair and makeup trailer. He sat in the chair at the sink for you to wash his hair without direction and waited while you warmed up the water. You handed him back his water and the script assistant came in to hand him a reference sheet for the next scene. He read over his notes while you washed his hair quickly. Holding a towel to his head to keep his costume dry, you guided him to a chair to blow out and style for the next scene. His assistant came in, handing off his phone to check messages while you gelled in a casual bedhead look, checking the angles in the mirror and peering around his head. He snorted a quiet laugh while you checked and preened and his thumbs typed out a reply to someone."You look ridiculous, moving around like that, staring," he chuckled, looking up through his lashes at you in the mirror with a lopsided smile."Yeah," you agreed, eyeballing the reflection of his hairline from behind the chair. "Well, that way you don't look ridiculous." You were pleased with your work and gave him a tap on the shoulder to release him from the chair. You rem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Chris Evans/Reader
Chris Evans & Reader
Chris Evans x reader - Relationship

freeform: 
Mild Language
Drinking Games
Fluff and Humor
Fluff
Fun
Secret Crush
Celebrity Crush
Mild Smut
Angst
Arguing
Drama
Captain America Fandom - Freeform
Chris Evans Fandom - Freeform

fandom: 
Chris Evans/Reader
Chris Evans & Reader
Chris Evans x reader - Relationship

