Chapter 1: It all begins somewhere
    




Chapter Text
Steve didn’t hate society, and the forced roles that went with it. He didn’t hate himself, or his parents, or genetics, which would ensure that he was almost guaranteed to be submissive, weak, pathetic, and he didn’t hate the people who took it upon themselves to point this out to him at every turn in life—his alcoholic father, the kids on his street who would never let him play cricket with them, the people at school, minus Bucky of course—no, the only thing he really hated about all of this was that he couldn’t force himself to stand down to a stronger, more dominant Alpha-male when he had to, when he knew that if he didn’t, he’s have to walk home with a bloodied nose and a limp.He didn’t choose the genetics that almost guaranteed him to be an Omega, not that that was confirmed yet anyway, he still had puberty to consider, until then, everyone was Omega, inferior, but it was usually easy to tell who would turn out on top.The only person he knew that didn’t push him around for the hell of it was his child-hood friend, James Barnes. Well, everyone just called him Bucky.
Bucky hit an early puberty at thirteen, and for Steve, it was almost painful to watch his friend’s growth spurt, the change in his maturity, (the maturity bit was a little easier. Steve had always been rather sensible even as a child and early teen, so it was more of Bucky catching up to him in that manner), and the worst part, Bucky’s altered role in society.No longer a child-Omega, Bucky stood in a position of power, at least until everyone else caught up with him. He was treated differently by, and acted differently around adults. They didn’t shelter him anymore; they didn’t really need to. Along with his growth spurt, his glands grew, or refined, giving him the hearing, smell, and taste of an adult, he could tell now, without having to overhear, or be told, who was Alpha, Beta, or Omega. He just knew.Even as a Beta, Bucky got a little twitchy when an Omega in Senior Year was going into, or out of, a heat. Omegas were banned from school whilst on their heat. It was physically dangerous—Alphas became very aggressive when an Omega went on heat, and they didn’t make much distinction between Alpha and Beta.
However even after his change, Bucky didn’t treat him any differently. Bucky just stayed Bucky. That was an advantage of someone being a Beta. They weren’t as driven by hormones and pheromones and the need to mate, they remained more neutral, more open and less instinct driven.Nevertheless, Bucky was always there to patch him up when he got his nose punched in.Like right now.“You know, you’ve been doing this for nearly eighteen years now Steve.” Bucky reached down, leaning on the bricks for balance, “I thought you’d have learnt by now.”Steve frowned, and looked away, at the ground to check that he hadn’t dropped anything. “I can’t just back down to them though! It just doesn’t feel right.” Steve sighed, and carefully poked his nose. It wasn’t bleeding, that was a start. “I mean I’m the only Omega they’ve ever pushed around like this. Aren’t they supposed to be, y’know, nice?”Bucky laughed, and wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulder, patting firmly. “It’s just because you’re the only child-Omega left. Once you’re fertile, they’ll never look at you the same. And who knows? You might fill out a little whilst you’re at it!”Steve poked Bucky in the ribs for that, and Bucky just laughed again.Bucky steered him to the bathroom, where Steve could lean against the metal trough and clean himself up in the mirror before they went to class.“You sure you’re going to be fine?” Bucky had to ask, he and Steve were in different years, Steve the year above, which made Bucky’s early puberty really unfair, y’know, because Steve was nearly two years older than him.“Yeah, I think we’re watching a film.” Steve used the hem of his shirt to wipe the last drops of water from his face.“Which one?” Bucky was lounging against the brickwork by the door, patiently waiting for his friend.“Some of the Great War propaganda I think.” Steve shuddered. The war was past, so why show them any of the footage? It was pointless and quite disturbing, violent, but the others seemed to be perfectly fine with it. Perhaps it was the Omega in him talking, which was exactly why Omegas weren’t supposed to become soldiers. They were too soft, too emotional and susceptible to any Alpha who gave an order, turning them into potential hazards for their own team. Well, with use of suppressants, Omegas still managed to get into the military—they needed the numbers, not every Beta and Alpha was fit for, or wanted to go to battle, and Omegas lived to serve.Betas made good soldiers, they were immune to pheromones, but had a part of the drive of an Omega—that they wanted to please their Alpha, their commanding officer, but they could keep their heads when they went into battle, they didn’t go into heat, they weren’t susceptible to any Alpha th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
First Time
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mutual Masturbation
Self-Lubrication
Alpha Males
Possessive Behavior
Friendship
World War II
Canonical Character Death
Canon Related
Spoilers
Scenting
Alternate Universe
AU
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

