Chapter 1: Trust
    




Chapter Text


“Tell me you’ve had someone look at that,” Steve says, he’s only just arrived in med bay after instructing the Sokovian emergency response services.Tony looks like he’d gone a few rounds with Natasha — without the care she usually gives him. He’s shirtless; the black fabric he’s using to press down on a civilian’s blood-spurting leg looks like it might be one of Tony’s beloved rock band t-shirts. The lack of it on Tony’s person is the only reason Steve notices the large splatters of bruising across Tony’s side.Tony does a double-take when he sees Steve, then looks back at the civilian beside him on the floor. Despite the size of the Helicarrier and its medical bay, there just isn’t enough room for injured civilians.  “Nah, I didn’t take any major hits, if we discount your Frisbee.”Tony says it as if it’s a joke, but Steve winces. That… had not been his best moment. “Tony, I’m sorry. That was wrong of me. Listen, we need to do a quick Avengers debrief before the officials show up. . Let’s have a look at your ribs, first.”A medic comes to relieve Tony. Steve holds out his hand, and Tony takes it, pulling himself up. There’s a red hair band around his wrist — clearly Pepper’s. It’s sweet, Steve thinks, even if he can’t help being more than a little jealous of what they have. On their way out, Steve catches sight of the goose bumps dotting Tony’s olive skin, and automatically strips his uniform jacket off. He offers it to Tony, who stares at it, and then at Steve.Steve grins. “What, is Tony Stark too cool for the stars and stripes?”Tony rolls his eyes and allows Steve to throw it over his shoulders. It’s too big on him, but the colours of the nation suit Tony just fine. Then again, everything suits Tony just fine. Steve slams a mental door shut in that thought’s face, and leads Tony into a quieter corner. Steve runs his hands up and down his rib cage. Tony winces, but he doesn’t fall over, and none of the bruises look or feel deep enough to be the results of internal bleeding. His fingers ghost over a blossoming bursts of blue and purple, the evidence of Steve’s shield against Tony’s vulnerable flesh.“Is this some weird secret plan to grope me? Because seriously, you could just ask.” Tony says with a smirk. Steve pulls away suddenly, ears burning.“Dammit. And I thought I was being sly. Guess nothing gets past you,” Steve replies, trying to hide his embarrassment. “I’m going to wrap your ribs just in case—““It’s a guilt thing, isn’t it?” Tony grabs his wrist. Steve freezes and looks up to face him. “You trusted the words of a couple of kids who’d switched to our side for all of five minutes over mine. And now you feel bad about it?”Shame blooms violently hot over his cheeks. Steve busies himself with snagging a few bandages from the nearby medical cart and unrolling them. He knows he should apologise for the lack of trust he’s shown Tony. Yes, Tony was the one doing something new and dangerous, for the second time in as many days, but Steve had been the one who’d never given him a chance to explain. And yet, the moment Wanda had said those words, Steve had known them to be the gospel truth. “She said you’d do anything to make things right.”“Duh.”“That’s wrong, Tony. There are lines you can’t cross.”“And if we’re all dead because we were too afraid to cross that line? What’s the point of it all, then?” Tony asks. “I made a mistake with Ultron, I know that, that’s on me. Sokovia? The kid we’re going to have to bury? Me again. But creating the Vision was the right thing to do. We would all be dead without him.”Wanda’s words are etched deep into Steve heart, he can’t forget it.
Ultron can’t tell the difference between saving the world and destroying it, where do you think he gets that?
Steve’s eyes search Tony’s face, noting every small expression. Steve has watched Tony fall out of wormholes in the sky, but he’s never seen Tony look so done. Tony, who is bruised and bloody and yet still helping others before himself, and that’s when Steve realises he’s made a grave mistake.Wanda was right. But she was also wrong.Tony isn’t Ultron. Because Tony cares. The difference between Ultron and Tony is that Tony cares deeply and profoundly about people, no matter how much he wants to hide it behind walls of metal. The difference is that Tony realised he’d made a mistake and tried to fix it, and Ultron had always believed himself incapable of making mistakes.Steve had failed as a leader. He hadn’t been able to trust his own teammate in battle. Tony has always evaded Steve’s understanding; Tony twists and turns him around. Every attempt at making sense of the chaos fails.  But now, looking at Tony, so lost and dejected, and yet still trying to help, Steve realises: he trusts Tony. And it would seem that that’s something Tony really needs to hear.“You’re right. I didn’t trust you before. But I do now, Tony. With my life.” “This isn’t about your life, it’s about the world.” Tony snaps the h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Getting Together
Polyamory
Polyamorous Character
Identity Issues
Memory Loss
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
They all needs hugs
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Attempt at Humor
Angst and Humor
Rated M for language

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Phil Coulson

