Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It's a quiet and uneventful Saturday morning. Earth is safe, nobody's been trying to kill Steve in the last two days and he's pretty sure he's got an opening with Pepper's new assistant, or at least he hopes he's read all his signals right. He does have to cross check with Natasha from time to time because people in general, not just gay men, have really brought flirting to a whole new level and Steve sometimes struggles to keep up. 
He's thinking of maybe asking the guy out on a date, next time he's got to meet Tony or Pepper at Stark Industries. Next week, maybe. Or he could ask Pepper for his number, because it's really been a long time since he's gotten to hold someone's hand for crying out loud, let alone had sex.
When he was all skinny and fragile, Steve remembers that sex wasn't his top priority. He had in fact gone through puberty without experiencing that much of a sex drive, maybe because he lacked the right hormones, the ones that should have made him all hairy and big, or maybe it's for some other stupid reason related to his fucked up genes.
But then the serum had happened, and along with all the newly-gained muscle mass and power came his long-lost libido. Steve still feels ashamed of the way he couldn't control himself the first few days post-experiment. He'd been trying to mourn his friend, Dr Erskine, but his need had been too strong to deny and when he'd landed in the middle of a group of choir girls and sent to perform all over the country, it couldn't be helped. 
All the unmarried girls? He had fucked them.
The fans who came to his trailer after a show in the city to get an autograph? Fucked them.
The soldiers on the front whose eyes had lingered on him a little longer than necessary? Fucked them, too.
Steve's not the same, now. In fact, once the mind-numbing urge had faded a couple of months later, the one-night stands had already started to feel like something was missing. The good times he spent with all these strangers felt hollow, and Steve was left craving something deeper and more meaningful than just a name and a night.
So by the time he crashed the plane into the ocean, he hadn't been with anyone in a while; hadn't touched or kissed or claimed.
And now that he's woken up in the future, he just hasn't had the time to think about himself. It's all been about saving the world, saving his friends, saving SHIELD, saving himself, and then a little more of that saving the world part. Steve's not complaining - he was born to do this. To protect people with his life, if he has to. But it does start to weigh on him, coloring all his thoughts at little black at the edges, making him feel somber when he's alone at night. And so goddamn frustrated.
He knows men like Thor and probably Tony too get their kick out of the fight itself. They just love it. But Steve's a little different, in that fighting doesn't leave him drained like the rest of the Avengers; quite the contrary. It's after a fight that he feels the most brimming with energy. It's only then that he needs to get his rocks off.
Except there's no one to greet him when he comes home after saving the world, once again. It's only Steve and a long, unsatisfying night.
So when Steve pushes the door of the dingy gymnasium where he's been secretly coming ever since SHIELD's facilities were blown up by Hydra, and quickly gets changed and goes to hang his first punching bag, he thinks: a long workout to spend all his pent-up energy, and then he's calling Pepper to ask for cute assistant's number because, fuck it.
He'll take the guy on a date, and he'll hope that some chemistry will spark between them. Because enough is enough, and Steve's starting to starve for any kind of connection with another human being that isn't the Avengers... or Fury. He needs a relationship that allows him to fuck, and get fucked, but also come home to the same person everyday and get to know them inside out and get to share all his secret thoughts with them and hold them tight at night and keep them safe as long as he lives and breathes.
Steve sighs, rolling his eyes at his cheesy, wishful thoughts.
There's no one else in the main training room. Steve's chosen a Saturday morning for that purpose - he knows that people won't start to flock before at least a couple of hours, so he won't have to worry about being recognized. The only one who knows his identity is the owner. And the sweet old man's promised to keep it quiet.
Narrowing his eyes, Steve holds the swinging punching bag still, focusing on wiping his mind of all thought.
Then throws the first punch.
 After a while, Steve notices that he’s being watched.
He recognizes the tell-tale sensation at the base of his neck, and when he throws a quick look around, he quickly spots a man standing in the boxing ring. He's in the middle of his warm up, arms locked around a bent leg held against his chest. He's on the other side of the room, but Steve still notices that he's a good-looking guy,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
modern!Bucky
modern!bucky & cap!steve
Sparring
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
maybe some plot later
Angst
cop bucky
Nymphomania
it's not steve's fault it's the serum
Marathon Sex
Bottom Bucky
Top Steve
Multiple Orgasms
Pining
Booty Calls
Shower Sex
Dry Orgasm
Fluff
Rimming
Misunderstandings
Coming Out
Sex Toys
Sappy
thigh fucking
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued
Complete BUT last chapter is in bullet points format

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

