Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Dr. Stephen Strange was not a particularly reassuring or gentle man, nor was he very likeable, Tony thought. It was clear that he was only seeing them because Bucky was an interesting case, and because Howard was calling in a favor (and probably paying him a lot of money). 
"As far as I can tell, and that's relatively far, there's nothing physically wrong with the boy," he said to Howard, as if Bucky (hardly a boy) wasn't in the room. "Whatever was done to him hasn't left any particular evidence behind, neurologically speaking."
"That's a relief though, right?" Tony piped up. Strange gave him a quelling look, but he'd had worse from Howard. "Means there's nothing wrong with your brain," he said to Bucky. 
"How is that possible?" Howard asked. "From what we've been told, there was a physical process in place to tamper with...." he gestured at his temple. 
Strange shrugged. "Electrochemical, perhaps, or using some form of undiscovered radioactivity to interfere with the brain's normal memory retrieval patterns. Or he's simply healed from whatever damage was done. The point is there's no brain damage, no lasting traces in his physiology. Though if you ever do find the mechanism that caused this -- "
"No," Bucky interrupted, one of the few things he'd voluntarily said all morning. Strange raised his eyebrows, affronted. 
"Well, if you do, you know where to find me. I'm afraid as a surgeon, I can't recommend any next steps, there's simply nothing physical to work with. I can find you a psychiatrist -- you'll want one with a strong neurological background, none of these godforsaken Jungians. I don't really approve of this emotional witch doctor fol-de-rol, but I always like to give my patient an option." 
"Thanks, Stephen, we'll take you up on that," Howard said, before Tony could open his mouth. "Tony, Buck, why don't you go tell Jarvis to bring the car around. I need to have a few words with Dr. Strange in private." 
"It doesn't mean anything, you know," Tony said, once they were out in the hallway. He lifted his head and sniffed, trying to pick up the smell of coffee. 
"That's what bugs me," Bucky said, pointing off to the left. Tony shoved his hands in his pockets, ambling in that direction.
"That it doesn't mean anything?" he asked.
Bucky made a soft, frustrated noise. "That there's...nothing to mean. I don't..." he ran a hand through his hair, recently trimmed back down to the way he'd worn it in photographs Tony had seen from the war. "He can't fix me."
"Because there's nothing to fix. You aren't broken."
"You know that's not true." 
"You haven't tried to attack anyone since Zola, and that was justified, plus it was months ago," Tony said. 
"Six weeks."
"Okay, a month and a half. Tell the truth, when you jumped me that one time, you were just scared."
Bucky's shoulders slumped. "Doesn't mean it won't happen again."
"But it hasn't. And you only ever went after me once." Tony turned a corner and found a nook with coffee in it. He made a pleased little sigh and grabbed a paper cup. 
"You can't keep waiting," Bucky said.
"Waiting for what?" Tony asked, voice light.
"To go back. To Boston. You can't wait for me to be fixed, you have a life."
"And I keep telling you, there's nothing to fix," Tony said. "I'm driving Dad crazy, and both of us know it. He wants me to go back to Boston at this point as much as I want to go. And I'm taking you with me."
"If I hurt you -- "
"You won't."
"You can't know that!" Bucky said angrily. Tony gave him a mild look.
"I don't care," he said, and Bucky blinked at him. "I can take care of myself, but more importantly, nothing in life is certain. You nearly died for me. You broke your conditioning in...days. Do you even remember the Winter Soldier?" he held out a cup of coffee, and Bucky took it slowly.
"Sometimes it...." he looked away. "Feels like a dream."
"Good."
"Maybe it shouldn't. I did things -- "
"No, he did things. You were a prisoner of war, and if you don't remember, I'm glad," Tony said, so fiercely that Bucky blinked again. "Dad says the serum Zola gave you was like Captain America's. You adapt. Which is good news for me anyway because not many people can deal with my very specific brand of...everything," he finished, stirring sugar into his own coffee. "Don't you want to come with me, Bucky?" he asked, eyes big and soulful. 
"You're playing me."
"Little bit. Shows how much I want you to come with," Tony said, unrepentant. 
Bucky looked down. "I don't want to hurt you."
"Then don't. Come to Boston. If Dad won't let us, we'll run away," Tony said, smiling at him over the rim of his coffee cup. "That'd save Mom the headache of finding me a place that fits all of Dad's requirements."
"You hear the latest? He thinks you should have a rooftop terrace," Bucky said, looking relieved at the change of subject.
"Oh yeah, for all the stargazing I do," Tony laughed. He leaned into Bucky, arm around his neck, and rested his chin on his shoulder. "How abou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - 1960s
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Super Soldier Serum
Post-Recovery Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli (background)

