Chapter 1: Escaping the Jaws of Death
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Chapter 1: Escaping the Jaws of DeathA slow smile spread on Morlun's lips as he regarded the human cowering against the wall before him. It was amusing seeing this little morsel so completely terrified of him. So defenseless. So… submissive. It was delicious.Peter couldn't do anything, but shivered under the Ancient's cold, inhuman gaze, his own eyes wide and staring at the creature that loomed above him. His heart pounded painfully in his chest as a cold sweat broke out on his skin. He couldn't move. His body was frozen in fear as his Spidey sense screamed bloody murder at him. His instincts were so unbelievable loud, telling him so forcefully how dangerous the thing before him was that they betrayed him, making his muscles lock up in fear when he should have been running madly for his life, away from this- this thing in human form. It was all the boy could do to keep himself breathing. His throat wanted to lock up, but he refused to let it. Instead he gasped in great, frantic gulps of air, praying he wouldn't pass out. Maybe, maybe if he just stayed still the human-looking thing would go away. He knew instinctively the thing considering his poor shivering form wasn't human. No human could lock him up in terror like this, but maybe, somehow it would lose interest in him. Please, oh god, just make it go away, he begged fervently to any deity who may have been listening, but instead the thing just smiled wider and reached down.Peter screamed as the pale hand closed the space between him and it. Or at least he would have screamed if he had enough air to do so. Instead the terrified sound manifested as an absurd little squeak. Pressing desperately back against the wall, he tried to stay out of reach, but the hand still came closer. Oh god if it touches me… He felt for sure if the thing touched him he would die. The senses inside his screamed even louder, becoming deafening, painful, but there was nothing he could do. He whimpered and closed his eyes as if to say 'if I can't see you then you must not really be here.' But he could still feel the creature. Closer, always getting closer. The pain in his head was so bad he thought he might pass out. He gasped frantically at the air, trying to stay conscious because somehow he knew if he fainted now he would never wake again. God this had to be a nightmare. He opened his eyes a crack and flinched with a weak cry at what he saw. The hand. The hand was inches from him. It was going to touch him. Any second it was going to touch him. Oh god this thing was going to touch him!Peter closed his eyes again and turned his head away with a moan, his cheek pressed against the cold brick of the wall behind him. He could already feel his consciousness slipping. He had to- He couldn't- "Nooo…" the word slipped out in a low moan, barely more than a whispered, but it was still enough to buy him a few seconds.Morlun started slightly as his keen ears picked up the sound of the boys last desperate word. It was curious that the human could still move let alone talk while in his terrifying presence. The Ancient paused and crouched down to considering the boy. "What was that?" he finally purred, his voice as smooth as black velvet and much more deadly."P-please…." Peter stuttered, gasping for air. He opened his eyes and turned his pleading gaze to the thing in front of him. "Please…"Morlun made an impatient sound at the back of his throat, quickly loosing interest in this game. "Please what, morsel?" the Ancient snapped. "Hurry now. Tell me before you start to bore me.""Please. Don't… I... I…" Peter's words stumbled as he desperately tried to get his plea out, but something between his mind and mouth had been severed by the terrible fear engulfing him, making speech near impossible.Morlun sighed in annoyance at Peter's inability. Humans were just so pathetic. It almost sickened him to know he had to eat these creatures to survive. "What little thing?" The Ancient asked once more, but when there was not an immediate answer he pushed ahead. "You are trying my patience," he snapped, moving his hand forward so he could feed on the boy and finish this trite confrontation. He had hoped for a little more amusement from his pray, but there was only so much you can expect from such a pitiful excuse for a species.Peter gasped, flinching back at the sight of the Ancient closing in. "No, he whispered then suddenly found his voice. "No. I DON'T WANT TO DIE," he screamed, desperate tears flying from his eyes as he shook his head violently in denial and the Ancient actually stopped.Morlun's eyes widened slightly, an unperceivable amount for the human's eyes to see, but the motion would have spoken volumes to another Ancient; Morlun was surprised. The force of the boy's words had startled the Ancient. He studied the poor shivering boy in front on him curiously. There was act
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Morlun/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Loss of Virginity
Dom/sub
Collars
Training
Blow Jobs
Fingerfucking
Rimming
Spanking
Enemas
Sounding
Bondage
Nipple Play
Ice Play
Forced Orgasm
Forced Ejaculation
Crying
Begging
Rough Sex
Missionary Position
Doggy Style
Cowgirl
Shower Sex
Bathing/Washing
Bath Sex
Food Sex
Drunk Sex
Birthday Sex
Anal Sex
Sex Toys
Anal Beads
Vibrator
Dildos
Butt Plugs
Barebacking
Choking/Suffocation
Prostate Massage
Milking
Forced Nudity
Humiliation
Masturbation
possible chastity
Kissing
Cooking
Castles
Nightmares
Homesickness
Comfort
Cat
Long Hair
Illnesses
Villains
Courtship
Bonding
Edgeing
Teasing
Wax Play
non-con

fandom: 
Morlun/Peter Parker

