Work Text:
The neighbor's baby has been screeching the entire night and Bucky’s at his wit’s end. He hasn’t been able to get a wink of sleep, and tonight he actually feels like his body might let him get some solid rest for a change, if only it weren’t for the noise. He tosses and turns, tries to muffle the crying with a pillow over his head, but after another half hour it’s enough to get him out of bed and stomping over to his neighbor's door. He knocks and when the door opens, he finds himself blinking in surprise and kind of staring for a moment. He knew there was a baby, but he wasn’t expecting the extremely hot guy cradling the baby in his arms, looking frazzled and obviously utterly worn out while the little one looks so tragically miserable it hurts.The guy starts apologizing right away, rushing to say, “I’m sorry, I know he’s loud, but I’ve tried everything and he just won’t stop.”Bucky just reaches out his hands, making a give him here gesture, and sighs when the guy eyes him suspiciously. “I promise I’m not a serial killer nor am I going to run away with your kid, I’d just really love to try and go to sleep tonight, so if you’ll let me, I’d like to try something,” he says, arms still outstretched.The neighbor still looks wary, but hands the baby over and Bucky cradles him gently, cooing down at him soothingly. Bucky helped raise three sisters, and he was about eleven when the youngest one was born, so he has vague memories of soothing crying babies late at night. But this little one just kind of curls against his collarbone and whimpers a little.“I have no idea what just happened, but thank you,” the guy says and sags against the nearest wall. “He seems to like everyone more than me,” he smiles sadly.“He can probably tell you're upset," Bucky says calmly, smoothing his prosthetic hand across the baby's back, encouraging him to take deeper breaths. “Kids can read what you're feeling sometimes, so if you start getting panicky, they will too."“Yeah,” Hot Neighbor nods, “that's what my Ma said too, but it's just… hard right now. His mom, she's… she died three months ago and we both miss her. Plus we just moved and I have a new job. Hasn't been easy,” he says and runs a hand through his hair, making it stand up even more than it did before. He looks tired, his whole posture sagging, and by the looks of the bags under his eyes, he hasn’t gotten a decent amount of sleep in a while.Bucky nods, looking down at the little guy curled up against his chest. He's calmed down now, looking up at Bucky with huge wet eyes. "I'd be happy to help when I can," he volunteers impulsively. "Where is he while you're at work?""You would?" the guy asks, surprised. "My mom usually watches him, but she can’t do it all the time. We’ve been looking at babysitters, but I’m kinda reluctant about pushing a complete stranger on him right now."Bucky smiles a little, because he is a complete stranger, but he can already feel an attachment growing for the baby in his arms, and for the exhausted father looking at him like he's a gift from the heavens. "What's his name?" Bucky asks, smiling down at the little boy, who'd turned to observe his father with solemn eyes. "Joey," Steve answers "Joseph. For my dad.""Hey Joey, it’s nice to meet you, I’m Bucky," he says softly to the baby and then looks at the dad. "It’s actually James, James Buchanan Barnes, but no one really calls me that.""Steve Rogers," the neighbor introduces himself. "I’d shake your hand, but your arms are kinda full," he teases.Joey's head is lolling against Bucky's shoulder now, clearly tired from the crying jag. "You can try to take him back," Bucky offers, stepping closer to Steve. "Just don't get too agitated on him." The baby whimpers in protest as they pass him over, but settles against his father's chest happily enough, little fist curling into Steve's t-shirt.Steve breathes in and out shakily, looking visibly overwhelmed, but he seems to pull himself together and smiles at Bucky. “Thank you. He would have probably made himself sick with crying if you hadn’t showed up.”Bucky has to physically cross his arms over his chest to stop himself from stepping forward and hugging the poor guy, who looks like he's gone through hell and back. And no wonder, Bucky thinks, losing his - wife? The mother of his child, anyway, not so long ago. "I'm glad I could help," he says, with as much sincerity as he can. "He honestly seems like a sweetheart.""He is, he just needs some time to adjust, we both do," Steve says, running his fingers over the blond fluff on Joey’s head. "I’m gonna try and put him in his crib, see if he falls asleep." He smiles down at the baby, whose eyes are already closed. "I suppose you’ll be heading to bed too? Sorry again that we kept you up. I’d offer you some coffee or something in thanks, but I guess it’s a little late for that.""Maybe in the morning," Bucky offers with a soft smile. He really does want to see them both again, but he can feel exhaustion cre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Domestic
Fatherhood
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Single Father Steve Rogers
Recovery
Found Family
Babies
Fluff
Angst
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Minor Character Death (Mentioned)
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Blow Jobs
Shower Sex
Anal Sex
POV Bucky Barnes
Kid Fic
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Soldier Bucky Barnes
Marvel Universe Big Bang 2015

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

