Work Text:
Clint's doing it again, and it would be hot if Steve thought he was doing it because it's what he honestly wanted, instead of what he thought was expected of him. Because everything is going great, except that there's that flash of something that's not hurt and not anger, but something in Clint's eyes before he goes to his knees when Steve walks into a room.
Tony's mouth quirks a little, almost like he wants to tease Clint, but he keeps his peace and instead raises an eyebrow at Steve as Steve frowns and hesitates, a little disconcerted the way he always feels when Clint breaks off conversations or activities to assume a proper stance. He's athletic, and not clumsy at all as he goes down, but he's not that graceful about it either. It looks hard for him and far from a reflex, like he hasn't done this too often. Like he hasn't let anyone be  somebody he'd kneel for, in a long while. Somebody he has to kneel for.
It takes a second, because Clint hates not being able to see his surroundings, but then he dips his head and his hair--longer now that he's an Avenger and can sidestep some SHIELD regulations--falls into his face, further obscuring his vision. And then, another couple seconds later, Clint brings his arms behind his back, crossing his wrists. His head tilts a bit and Steve realizes he's glancing at Tony, like he's waiting for Tony to say something about  it, but whether he expects a comment on his show of submission or on how unpracticed and hesitant he is, Steve's not sure.
It makes him angry, like it does every time. He says, "Clint," and Clint's gaze immediately goes back to the floor in front of him. 
Tony gives the two of them a long look--a judgemental look, Steve imagines, because in his day a sub acting like Clint does would bring suspicions of abuse--and goes back to what they'd been doing that Steve's entrance had interrupted. Cooking, or more likely eating anything in the fridge that was already halfway edible.
Steve goes to a crouch in front of Clint--and kneeling on the kitchen floor really really doesn't suit Barton--and gently brushes his hair back, out of his face. "Clint," he says, pitched so Tony won't overhear too much of it, "we talked about this. C'mon. Up."
Clint shivers. "Sorry," he says, and it seems to take as much effort for him to uncross his wrists as it did to cross them in the first place. "Can--May I?" His hand hovers. He wants to touch. Bucky had never thought he'd need to ask permission, and if he did ask--for the effect of it, which was to be sexy and playful--he'd never have bothered to stumble towards politer language than he'd normally use. Steve wants to frown, but he doesn't.
"Yes. Of course. You never have to ask for that," he says and Clint tilts his head to look up at him, a sort of hesitant, questioning look before he lets his breath out in a huff and raises his head to meet Steve's eyes with a grin. Then he leans forward to kiss him quick on the mouth.
"Come on," Steve laughs, because that's Clint, finally, "get up, huh?" 
He straightens and Clint follows. Pauses to glare at Tony, who's used up his daily allotment of tact and is now smirking openly.
"One word, Stark," Steve threatens, and Tony hold up both hands to signal peace and goes back to rifling through ice box containers.
----
It's hard to just say I don't want this to be like this to Clint, because Clint is clearly trying so hard to be good for him. And it is for him, because Steve thinks he knows what the look on Clint's face is, when he walks into a room and Clint slides down to his knees. 
It's a mix of anger and fear and even embarrassment and Steve thinks it will probably turn into resentment one day, because Clint should not be on his knees on the shooting range, of all places. This place, above all others, is where Clint should hold his head high and toss Steve that cocky grin he'd worn all the time before they were together. When Clint was a sub who didn't give a crap what people thought instead of Steve's sub who suddenly cared a whole lot what people thought of Steve, if not of him. 
There's enough ill will towards Clint still floating around SHIELD that Steve casts a quick look around the range, to take note of any faces that seem to take too much pleasure at the sight of him on his knees at last, his smart mouth obediently snapped closed.
It's one of the things Steve hates the most about this new world, the way interactions have this hard, almost nasty edge sometimes. Where a sub on his knees in public elicits sneers and scorn instead of evoking warm smiles and the sense of romance. He hates that what was once a gesture of love and trust between partners is now a--a fucking social requirement.
More than that, because Clint has scars from doms who didn't think he went down fast enough or willingly enough or prettily enough. And that's another reason he can't just tell Clint he doesn't like it. Clint is trusting him with things he won't give up for just anyone--pride, and power a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
D/s-verse
I wrote this for the kink meme
temporal homesickness
Mentions of past abuse
Man Out of Time

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

