Chapter 1: From the Bottom of Our Heart, Love Hydra
    




Chapter Text
 
Later Steve would wonder if Hydra knew exactly how long it would take for he and Bucky to let their guards down. Was the timing part of the intended suffering, or just lucky happenstance?
__________________________________
 
“It’s addressed to both of you.” Stark was in his suit, braced and ready in the lobby of the upstate facility. Technically the label read Captain America and The Asset.
 "Dropped off in the yard by temporary portal,” Natasha said. She looked calm, but she kept her eyes fixed on the red bow topping the metal container, roughly the size of a car trunk. Steve had enough experience with her to know when ‘calm’ was a mask that hid ‘deciding between fight or flight.’
 “No one but Hydra knows I’m here, Rogers.”
 Steve tried not to wince at Bucky’s tone, and the absence of any fond nicknames. They’d made a lot of progress in the past few months but high stress situations were not the former Winter Soldier’s strong suit.
 “Whatever’s in there ain’t gonna be pretty,” Bucky added.
 “I wish you’d let Stark invent some kind of scan before we open this thing,” Sam muttered.
 “I can detect a life sign-“ Vision said, a touch defensively.
 “That’s what we’re worried about, right?” Clint said in a quiet aside to Sam, whose shrug and nod melded somewhere together into uncertainty.
 “We would risk their-“ Vision tried again.
 “We know the risks, sonny boy,” Stark said, awkwardly patting Vision on the shoulder.
 “At least we have the odds,” Steve said, mustering up his show time voice. He didn’t really care that every Avenger but Thor was assembled for what looked like the unwrapping of a gift. If this was from Hydra, there was certainly nothing good to be found.
 Tony charged the repulsor in his left hand before breaching the few yards of space away from the box that they’d all been hovering in, tearing away the ribbon, unfastening the latch, and hauling back the lid of the container.
 For a moment, adrenaline made every sound into white noise. Steve took a breath and the stifling silence turned into static coming from Tony’s comm.
 No. Not static.
 Soft laughter.
 “You were wrong, Jack Frost,” Tony said, looking back at Bucky. “She’s very pretty.”
 They all stepped forward at once, peering over the edge of the box. Steve felt his chest clamp tight at the sight of the girl curled on the floor of the container. She was wearing a thin ice blue shift, like a hospital gown, that looked dirty and thread bare. Thick brown twists of her hair twined down her side and full, pink, pouting lips parted in quiet breaths.
 “I don’t know her,” Bucky said, leaning to Steve, voice tilted in question. He had a hard time being sure of the who’s and when’s and other ‘wh’s of his past.
 “Miss Darcy Lewis,” Vision supplied.
 “Jane Foster’s intern,” Natasha added.
 “Taser girl?” Sam asked. Thor was very fond of the story.
 “Never met her,” Steve said. His hands were clenching on his shield strap, resisting the urge to lift her from the box and… what? Touch her, his brain supplied.
 “Stevie, she’s got your-“
 The ‘Stevie’ was a shock in itself but the rest was cut off by the sudden, waking scream of the girl.
 She scrambled backwards, trying to press further into the corners. Her blue eyes widen and fix on Iron Man.
 “Oh god, no. You have to - I’m so sorry-“ her gaze flicks to Natasha. “Keep me away from-“ She stutters and her eyes land on Steve.
 “Don’t touch me!” She shouts.
 Steve’s mouth falls open, his voice tears in his throat. He hadn’t even realized he was reaching out to her, trying to seal the Soulmark bond. Stevie, she’s got your words. That was Bucky’s warning. He can read much more than “honest, Miss Lewis” but he can see his handwriting pooling in the soft white skin of her clavicle.
 “Christ, Steve,” Bucky breathes. He’d been teasing Steve about their third’s reaction to him since he’d first seen them. You never were so good with the dames, huh punk?
 “I don’t know what they did,” She says, staring up at Bucky who grips desperately at the back of Steve’s uniform. Her swimming pool eyes fill with tears and she turns back to Natasha. “I don’t know what they did to me. I’m a trap, I think.”
 Of course she was. Because if Hydra had gotten their paws on the soulmate of the Winter Soldier and Captain America, and hadn’t killed her outright, then they’d found a way to use her against them.
 And yet Steve knew, just knew, that if it weren’t for the ingrained urge to keep Bucky safe, he’d be in that box doing whatever he could to reassure Darcy Lewis that she was safe. That he’d keep her safe. He was glad Bucky had a hold on him because he felt like he still might, if he could only catch a breath.
 “Wanda, can you levitate her to a holding cell? We’ll begin interrogation immediately. I want her vitals on a chart in-“
 Natasha rattled off orders as Bucky pulled Steve back a few steps. Tony stepped between them and the container. Steve could feel Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Thor

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Hyrda gives bad presents
OT3
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Maybe a little bit of crack too
Enthusiastic Consent
Bucky Barnes is good at betting
Self-Rescuing Princess
Brain Powers
Good Damsels Faint

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Thor

