Chapter 1: An Emergency Visit -->
    




Chapter Text
“Talk to me Barton,” Coulson said quietly as he put on his blinker and turned onto a side street lined with small, cottage-like houses with neatly kept lawns. Cul-de-sacs, Clint thought they were called, but how would he really know?This wasn’t his area, these postcard little communities with their matching SUV’s and their American flags waving happily from the front yard. Coulson had assured him that this was ok, that holing up in his childhood home with his parents for a few days was safe, but Clint was more nervous than he’d been facing down a roomful of drawn pistols and it showed. The sniper, who could maintain his position with a deadly stillness for hours while waiting for his mark, was shifting constantly in the passenger seat, his left knee bouncing like a piston and his hands curling and uncurling insistently, twitching for a bow.It wasn’t the area that made him anxious - the cookie-cutter, picture-perfect little houses - it was what they held, what they were that was making Clint sweat.Home.Family.Coulson’s family.Clint didn’t… Clint didn’t do home, didn’t do family. He’d never had a real one growing up, on either count, not one that didn’t remind him of shouting and anger and abuse, not one that lasted more than a few months at a time and didn’t leave him feeling cold and hungry and small when he remembered it. He didn’t know what to expect or how to act, and the very thought of being dropped into the middle of any wholesome, All-American household made him uncomfortable. The fact that it was Coulson’s…Well, that terrified him.It was more than just the fact that he was harboring a crush on his handler. Coulson was one of very few people he was close to, very few people that he trusted. He fully believed that he owed the man his life – without him by now he’d either be dead in a gutter somewhere or wishing that he was. No, it was more than that, more than the thought of being allowed a rare glimpse into the private life of the mentor that he knew so little about, that was so closely and jealously guarded, more than the fact that Coulson trusted him enough to bring him to his very doorstep…No, Clint respected Coulson.It was a fairly foreign experience for him, respecting someone. SHIELD had introduced him to a number of men and women who were impressively skilled, competent and at the top of their field, men and women who were mostly good and who didn’t look down on him for who he was, who he’d been.  His handler though, the man was something else entirely. Even without the completely ridiculous years of pining, he’d proven to Clint time and time again that he valued him, trusted his opinion on ops, believed in him, and he’d been the first one to do all that, perhaps in Clint’s whole life.So it mattered to Clint, what he thought, and knowing that he was about to meet the man and woman who had raised senior agent, SHIELD legend, and certified badass Phillip J Coulson, nearly had Clint shaking in his boots. He’d faced down Hydra cells with less anxiety than this – give him a bow and show him a target and he was all ease and confidence. That stuff he knew, understood. That stuff he was good at.This?Not so much.“Breathe Agent,” Coulson said beside him, a hint of bite in his voice that Clint recognized from their ops together, the ghost of the edge of a blade that reminded him to focus, to do what he did best. “I told you, my parents are aware of who I work for and what I do. Not the details, but they know enough. It won’t be a problem for them to put us up for a few days.”“Right,” Clint muttered, feeling the tips of his ears go hot.Of course, leave it to Coulson to be the consummate professional, to assume that Clint was worried about security clearance. And that should be what he was worried about, inconveniencing the man’s parents or blabbing something that he shouldn’t, not panicking because he didn’t know how to settle in a living space that wasn’t a shitty refurbished studio or a nine by twelve box of a standard dorm back at HQ. Clint’s homes, such as they were, had been run-down trailer parks and the undersides of bridges and the hulking, linen tents and straw beds of the circus, not condominiums or sprawling ranch houses.Christ, he was making himself nauseas imagining all the ways he could completely embarrass his boss in his own home…“How’s your side?”“What?” Clint muttered distractedly, wiping damp palms on the thighs of his jeans.“Your side, Agent Barton.”Aw hell, he knew that tone, the one that sounded like Coulson was just starting to get annoyed, but really meant that he’d passed pissed three miles back. Clint hadn’t answered him the first time - “It’s uh, it’s fine sir,” he reported, pain searing across his torso now that he moved his arm to check, actually started thinking about it again.Come to think of it, that probably explained the chills and the fatigue threatening to hit him like a sledgehammer, rumbling around just beneath th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Mama Coulson - Freeform
BAMF Phil Coulson
BAMF Clint Barton
Clint Barton Feels
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Hurt Clint
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Needs a Hug
Clint Feels
Insecure Clint
Hurt Clint Barton
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

