Chapter 1





Chapter Text
With a hand plastered over the smaller man’s mouth, Steve bodily hauls him outside the house, and into a narrow back-alley.The man struggles and tries to fight him, but all Steve has to do is rub the inside of his wrist under the man’s nose again, and he goes limp in his arms. He can’t fight the overpowering smell of an alpha in rut no more than Steve can let go of the omega. This little omega whose smell he caught even through the thick stench of fear and blood and death.The alpha's body shakes with the memory and if the omega wasn't in heat, crazed pheromones controlling Steve's protective instincts like the sweet enthralling song of a siren, Steve would have pushed the desk the smaller man was hiding underneath and instead of grabbing him and getting them both out of the crime scene as fast as possible, he'd have taken his time. He'd have toyed with this terrified creature, excited him to the point of delirium and then......and then sank his teeth deep into the tender skin at the base of the omega's neck, in that place where the smell is the strongest, breaching the skin and drinking his fill. Fear and arousal are the headiest combination and their taste is addicting. He'd have drunk until he was filled with the other's essence, until he'd reclaimed what was rightfully his - and only then would he have cut a smile in the omega's throat and held the quivering, gurgling man tight against his chest to provide comfort and care for his dying mate.If he hadn't been in heat, Steve would have already killed him.Steve loves the heady feeling of breaking into another alpha's territory, walking all over a house filled with someone else's scent and leaving his mark everywhere. Ruining it. He loves to defy those who think they're bigger and stronger than him, who think they're a match for Steve's sharp teeth and sharper knife.He always kills the alphas first, because there's no point in playing with them. He catches the omega first because they're easier to take care of, ties them where the show is going to take place, and then lures the alpha in there. Steve wants to destroy them in front of their mates; he goes at every alpha he makes his target, in perfect harmony with the beast lurking behind his cold blue eyes, with teeth and nails and every other weapon he can find and he doesn't stop until he's painted the walls with the unrecognizable remains of his victim.Then comes the omega's turn. And this is where Steve finally gets to have some real fun.Killing their alpha in front of them is a crucial point in Steve's ritual. His chosen ones are always mated pairs, and to claim a mated omega one needs to severe the previous bond. Steve doesn't believe in the concept of mating for life. If that was the case, how was he able to claim all these omegas for himself? If that was the case, how could he pretend to the title of Apex Predator - the alpha on the top of the food chain? Steve's heard of that term a long time ago, when he was still small and sickly and everyone's favorite punching bag. All the other kids had enjoyed tormenting little Steve who they saw as inferior; alphas told him he would never be one of them as they pushed his head down the toilet, and omegas stood back and enjoyed the show, calling him names and laughing. They were always laughing.Now it's Steve's turn to laugh.He's the ultimate predator coming for every single alpha who's got the misfortune of crossing his path and attracting his attention in any way, and he's coming with death in his wake. The book that first taught him about the existence of an Apex Predator in every animal reign was the thing that saved his life, way back then. When Steve was weak and scrawny and on the brink of giving up and throwing himself off a bridge the next time his mom let him come home from school on his own, believing all the other kids' cruel words; believing with an unshakable clarity that those who were too weak should not have the right to live and breathe on this Earth.The day he was about to take act, right after class his classmates had been relentlessly coming after him, deciding on pursuing him to his house. So in order to escape them, Steve had run for his life, and stumbled completely out of breath and tears running down his cheeks into the local library. He had crawled under a table far away into the depths of the library and found solace, and a strange sense of calm, into a book lying on the floor, as if waiting to be picked up by little Steve.
Apex Predator - Index
There had been pages and pages about every specific alpha predator in every ecosystem, for every species. Except humans. There had been very little on the existence of a top-level alpha emerging in the midst of the human race, an individual which no one else predates.  The one alpha which all the other insignificant alphas should defer  to. The one which every omega would be dying to attract, and which every omega would rightfully belong to.It'd been like a revelat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
serial killer au
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Killer Steve
Alpha Steve
Omega Bucky - Freeform
Dark
Blood
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Death
(NOT major character death)
i've included characters i hate just so that i can kill them lmao
rumlow dies
Sharon Dies
THOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
Mentions of Suicide
mentions of depression
mentions of pre-serum steve
mentions of past rape
Knotting
Bondage
Multiple Orgasms
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Heat Sex
Kidnapping
Knife Play
"happy" ending
D/s undertones
Romance
Domestic Violence
fucked up steve
fucked up bucky
oh yes bucky is all kinds of fucked up too just wait
Dark Steve
Rimming
bleached bucky
Murder Husbands
Beard Burn
Jealousy
Possessive Behavior
Self-Lubrication
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Dirty Talk
Breeding Kink
OOC Sharon
Stalking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

