Work Text:
Everyone just expected Bucky to be okay. It was one of the check boxes on his list, like being Steve’s best friend, like being a flirt, like loving dancing, like loving dames. All check boxes, all expectations that he had to fulfill. 	It wasn’t that difficult. Bucky had been the world’s leading assassin for the past 70 years, being Bucky Barnes was barely a drop in the bucket. He smiled in the right places, he swung his arm around Steve’s neck at the right times, he told a dirty joke at the right juncture, and Ta-Da! Bucky Barnes, Steve Roger’s greatest friend! 	Then Bucky would go home, to the apartment he shared with Steve, of course, because why would he not want to cohabitate with his best bud? He would kick off his sneakers, hang up his leather jacket, spin a smile in Steve’s direction, a mocking salute, and call it a night, disappear into the depths of his room. 	He’d wait just long enough for Steve’s footsteps to lead him from the bathroom to his own room, then Bucky would push up his window and make his exit via the fire escape. Feet shoved into a pair of black boots, torso covered by a jean jacket, fingers pushed through his coiffed hair to make it messy, and Bucky would vanish into the bustle of Brooklyn by moonlight. 	It took him twenty minutes to get to his destination, he waited patiently outside the front door, hands jammed deep into his pant pockets as he bobbed on the tips of boots to keep off the chill of early November. 	Eventually, the door creaked open and suspicious eyes peered out of him. They blinked, those brown eyes that were always so critical of him, then the door opened and Maria Hill arched an eyebrow. 	“Bucky,” she greeted with a tired sigh.	He shrugged under her scrutiny. “It’s too quiet there. Something about Tony forcing his own renovations on the place and sound proofing it because he’s obsessed with Steve having super hearing. He doesn’t, by the way, that wouldn’t even make sense. Why the fuck would Steve want super hearing? Hearing out of both ears was the biggest improvement that guy was ever going to get.”	It all came tumbling out, the way it always did, the moment Maria shut the door behind her and Bucky was ensconced in her shitty one bedroom. The noises of the city traffic poured through the seams of her poorly insulated walls. Maria turned without looking at him, resettling herself cross legged on her couch where she had been in the middle of watching a period Chinese soap opera. 	Bucky joined her, sinking down on the floor so his back rested up against the couch, his long legs sprawling out in front of him. “What’d I miss?” he asked. 	Maria crunched down on a pretzel before gracious offering him the bowl. Bucky grabbed a handful and shoved them in his mouth. “Tang just shot Liang and now Renren is all horrified and crying.”	Bucky grinned. “Liang definitely had it coming. Asshole freaking joined that other gang without even consulting anyone.”	“Whatever, the important part is that Renren’s tears are like iconic. The woman makes her eyes as wide as possible and then just starts trembling. It’s like a religious experience, really,” Maria said, shuffling on the couch so she was closer to Bucky and the pretzel bowl was easier to pass between them. 	“You think Shang is going to end up shacking up with Yaqing?” Bucky asked, squinting in the dark of Maria’s apartment to make out the Chinese subtitles as they flashed across the screen. 	“I hope so, imagine their babies, Bucky, they’d be mobster prince and princesses,” Maria said earnestly.Bucky couldn’t fight off his amusement and in the dark, miles away from Steve and his oppressive apartment and expectations, Bucky laughed.

XxXxXx
It had become a ritual shortly after Bucky was reunited with his best friend and bustled into Steve’s apartment. Night came and Bucky left. He left all the crap, the check lists, the impossible quiet of Steve’s apartment. All of it. He left it behind and crept through the city and into Maria Hill’s apartment where he camped out on her couch.	They watched shitty Chinese soap operas, ones Maria had to stream off of Chinese streaming sites because nobody else was watching this crap, just like nobody outside the US was watching shitty American soap operas. They both knew the language, even if Maria didn’t always get the four tones right and Bucky would spend minutes at a time harassing her into corrections. 	Bucky didn’t exactly remember why he knew Chinese, why he couldn’t just speak it but also read it. He assumed it had been important for some long dead mission, didn’t matter now. No one at SHIELD had asked what languages he knew because there wasn’t anyone really left to ask those questions. 	There were the shattered remains of SHIELD that operated out of Tony Stark’s headquarters and the Avengers. Bucky had been cleared by Natasha and the guy with the eye patch. Bucky didn’t bother to catch his name, there was a memory of trying to kill the guy once and Bucky figured they were better
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
POV Bucky Barnes
post-Winter Solider
Angst with a Happy Ending
Bucky has unexpected friends
Maria Hill is amazing
Get Together
First Kiss
Misunderstandings
Wanda Maximoff is also amazing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

