Work Text:
Tony and Steve were kind, devoted, loving parents. Their son grew up living in luxery, surrounded by enough science and adventure to fuel his eager mind for a lifetime.There were a few down sides, of course, like how it was impossible to watch the news footage of Captain America and Iron Man’s battles without fighting back hysteria. And of course, there was always the problem of his parent’s legacy and wealth, and how far criminals would go to obtain it.So Peter Parker-Rogers-Stark is nine years old when he’s kidnapped for the first time.The experience itself is a little clouded around the edges - mostly it’s just raw, consuming fear, the fear of being out of his safe place, out of the reach of his parents. He remembers crying a great deal, so much so that his abductors were quick to gag him in their frenzy not to be caught. They were two big, broad men - not that anyone would have really seemed small in such a situation - but as it is, they loom over him, dark shapes, blurred voices, aiming a video camera at him unwaveringly.Peter trembles uncontrollably. His ankles are tied to the legs of the wooden chair they’ve pushed him into, his arms twisted around the back and secured with what feels like an excessive amount of scratchy rope. He wants to feel Daddy’s arms around him, the way his Papa kisses his forehead when he’s scared. He’s scared now. He wants to hear their voices more than anything else in the world.It’s barely thirty minutes past when something makes the smaller of his two captors topple over and stop moving.Before he can get a better look, a force seizes the back of Peter’s chair and whirls it around so he’s facing the wall. Then there’s a heavy thud, a sick, splattering noise, and a choked scream.“Well, that was easy.” gloats a deep voice Peter’s never heard before. “There’s a lot of money out for you, you know. Hell if I know why….”“Who the fuck-!” his captor’s scratchy voice rasps back, and then it gasps and chokes and Peter feels his insides twist and fresh fear seize him. There’s a meaty thwak of a sound, and suddenly that deep voice is back, but it’s angrier, rougher, climbing in volume until it makes Peter quake in his bonds. “YOU DON’T MESS WITH CHILDREN, YOU HEAR ME, YOU FUCKER? YOU DON’T INVOLVE CHILDREN!”There’s a second thwak, a weak, bubbling scream, and another wet splatter before everything goes quiet.Peter can feel his pulse beating in his neck. There’s a funny, muffled sobbing sound coming from him that he can’t seem to stop. But it’s not enough to quiet the sound of a body straightening and heavy boots approaching his back slowly, thud, thud, thud. The man, whoever he is, steps around his side and kneels down in front of him.He’s wearing a red and black mask, and the rest of him is just big, broad muscles snug under a scarlet costume. There’s red dots peppering him, laying in wide fans. It’s hard to tell how much, really, with all that red. But Peter knows blood when he sees it, and he knows what it means.“Hey, kid.” the man says easily. “My name’s Deadpool. You wanna go home?”Peter tries to nod. It’s a weak, shaky motion, but Deadpool just says “I thought so” and unfastens the gag from his mouth.He starts making quick work of the rest of the bonds, and Peter forces himself not to turn his head and see the scene behind him. He’s almost positive those noises are never going to leave his mind. He’s sure he doesn’t want to know what they look like, too.So he stares at the top of Deadpool’s head instead. And as the man severs the last rope on his wrists, he shakily whispers: “Are you my hero?”“Nah,” Deadpool says, standing up straight so he towers over Peter. “I’m a dick. I kill people.” He grins so widely that the shape of it is discernable through his mask. “What can I say? It’s a living.”Peter squeaks, “Oh.”He thinks he may have passed out then, or maybe the shock was enough of a blur, because his next clear memory is Daddy chanting “you’re okay, you’re okay” against his hair and Papa lifting him high up off the ground and squeezing him in a hug so tight and warm and safe that Peter thought he could just live there forever.——-When Peter’s fourteen, a group called the Five Points drugs him and steals him away. He wakes up tied to a table, still partly dressed in his school uniform, save for the fact that someone has yanked a white hospital gown of a thing over the top half of him. He’s tied down to a table this time, and it occurs to him that this, at least, is more comfortable than the wooden chair.He’s heard of the Five Points before, rumors that they were a cult. Seeing them now, Peter’s pretty sure that’s at least within throwing distance of the right answer. Whatever their master plan is, Peter’s not sure, but it does invovle a hostage video for his dads.“Observe the face of your son,” floats the slow, dreamy voice of their leader. She’s a small, willowy looking woman with a hooded cloak and a star pendant hanging around her neck. “We have many uses for him if yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Superfamily
Alternate Universe
Kidnapping
Pre-Slash
Spideypool - Freeform
Mild Gore

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

