Work Text:
Okay, the thing was that Steve wasn’t exactly subtle when it came to dating Tony (or maybe he was. But just a tad and in his defense the man was dense.). In any case, his team knew full well what was going on whenever he managed to drag Tony out of the workshop. Clint teased him often enough about his outdated notions on romance that Steve was just lucky Tony hadn’t noticed and bolted.But regardless, Steve knew what he was doing, even if Natasha had discreetly slipped him Tony’s file with all his faults highlighted and underscored in an effort to discourage him from this supposedly stupid venture.And maybe instead of reading it he had dumped the file in the nearest garbage can, but he didn’t want a cold, clinical analysis of Tony’s faults or psychological issues. He knew the man had them – no one was perfect – but he wanted to find them out for himself. Like how Tony was never fully awake unless he’d ingested at least one mug of straight black coffee. Or how he didn’t sleep unless he passed out or Steve forced him to get to bed or JARVIS shut everything off while saying he had to run diagnostics. Or how he could be utterly thoughtless at the worst of times, resulting in massive fallouts that Pepper had to take care of (though Steve thought that was more on purpose than on accident, because it usually ended up proving a point).But Steve’s point – and he had a point – was that he was going to do this the old-fashioned way. He knew how that worked and that it would come with results, be they good or bad. It also seemed better than twenty-first century standards of dating, all things considered.As it turned out, though, he’d forgotten about one thing that apparently remained the same regardless of the year…



Virginia “Pepper” Potts



The first time it happened he’d been blindsided. Pepper had come to see Tony about one of his designs regarding something Steve hadn’t understood, finding both of them in the workshop. Steve had been sketching in near silence for about an hour after Tony had apparently forgotten he was even there.Pepper had taken one look at the scene, noticed that Tony was rather deaf and blind to the world outside of his work, and not-so-subtly suggested to Steve that perhaps they could talk in the kitchen about one of the Avengers’ missions. They’d left Tony muttering to himself about something concerning energy readings and a new weapon for Natasha – which didn’t seem to have anything to do with each other, though Steve could be mistaken, given the only thing he was familiar with was the StarkPhone and how to work the appliances in the kitchen.When they did reach the kitchen and were in relative privacy, Steve was about to offer Pepper a drink when, without even looking up from the tablet she was holding, she said, “I’ve been friends with Tony for a long time.”Steve looked over his shoulder, perplexed. “Yeah.”This time she looked up, face completely serious. “I’ve seen him through some of his lowest and best times. Our relationship didn’t work out, but that doesn’t mean I don’t love him.”He was beginning to get an inkling as to where this was headed. Unconsciously, he straightened out. “What are you saying?”“If you hurt Tony,” Pepper said calmly, a mild smile playing at her lips, “you will wish that you were still in the ice.”Okay and…ouch. Steve had not been expecting that.“I won’t hurt him,” he said firmly.“Sometimes the best intentions are those that cause the worst harm.” Pepper’s eyes flickered sideways for a brief moment before returning to Steve’s. “I hope you know what you know you’re doing. You two were at each others’ throats not two weeks ago.”Steve couldn’t stop an embarrassed flush from creeping up his neck at the reminder. True, he and Tony had probably not really been considered “friends” at that point in time, but that didn’t mean he hadn’t liked him. Despite Tony’s outwardly abrasive nature, the man was capable of incredibly thoughtful gestures that made Steve realize he was more than what he presented to the world.Tony had given him a punching bag that wouldn’t burst apart under his hands and had said nothing about it. Tony had been the one to provide Thor with the means to call or visit New Mexico at the drop of a hat to see Jane. He’d also been the one to give Bruce everything he needed to feel comfortable, even going so far as to get JARVIS to do something to the army’s database that Steve hadn’t understood.So Steve might be harboring a bit of a crush on Tony. It wasn’t an unfounded crush, though, because he really hadn’t liked Tony the first time he’d met him. Now was definitely different because he’d gotten to know Tony over the last so many months.“I know Tony,” Steve said finally. “I know what I’m doing.” His smile was small. “I won’t hurt him, Miss Potts.”Pepper’s answering smile was equally small and tinged with a deadly warning. “See that you don’t, Captain.”It wasn’t until after she left scant seconds later with a tapping of her heels to return to Tony 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Humor
Steve Should Have Known What He Was Getting Into
The Talk
Oblivious Tony
Protective Avengers
Friendship
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

