Work Text:
“You sure you wanna do this?” Tony asked for the fourth time just since they’d closed the bedroom door behind them.  His hands felt very warm on Steve’s waist as he backed him up against the bed, slid them over his stomach to unbutton his pants and tug them down before he pushed Steve back onto the bed and swung his legs over Steve’s, straddling him.  “I mean, there’s still time for you to change your mind, roll me over and pound me into the mattress.  If you, y’know, you want to.”  His tone was easy, bright with sharp irreverence, but there was something like concern in his eyes, softer and warmer than his voice. Steve still felt himself blush, all the same.  “Yes,” he said, as firmly as he could manage, and was glad his voice came out steady.  “I’m sure.”  But because Tony had asked four times—and more before that—he asked him, resting both hands on Tony’s waist, “Are you?” Tony grinned and then winked at him.  “You do realize, big boy, just because I let you screw me six ways from Sunday doesn’t mean I don’t like to top just fine.” “Oh,” Steve said, with a vague sense of guilt—had Tony wanted to be on top more, all this time?  But he banished it; Tony had made it perfectly clear that he’d enjoyed himself however they’d done it, second-guessing him any more wouldn’t be trusting his word.  “If you’re totally sure.” “110 percent,” Tony told him.  “Now lie back, soldier, and let me show you a good time.”  He waggled his eyebrows at Steve ridiculously, his mouth slipping into a wicked, knowing smirk that made Steve’s neck start to heat up just looking at it.  He scooted back and let his shoulders sink down into the pillows Tony had dug out and piled at the end of the bed.  There were more than either of them usually liked to sleep on, but Tony had insisted, said it would make things more comfortable, however long Steve could hold one position without any trouble.  Tony gave him a significant look as he leaned over to reach for the things he’d put on the nightstand, and Steve shrugged out of his undershirt and set it aside.  It left him in nothing but his briefs. “That’s more like it,” Tony said as he straightened up, giving Steve a slow, appreciative glance, the kind that always made him feel a little dizzy, both from the heat in Tony’s eyes, and from his own response.  Tony spun the cuffs he’d picked up lightly in one hand for a moment, and Steve swallowed, licked lips that were suddenly dry.  “You remember your safe word, right?” Tony asked as he settled back onto Steve’s legs. Steve nodded wordlessly. “Yeah?” Tony said.  “Still.  You say it back to me, okay?” “Omaha,” Steve said.  “Look,” he continued, “are you sure those are going to hold me?” “Am I sure?” Tony said.  “Please.  I made these; they’ll hold you, super-soldier.  That’s what you said you wanted, so that’s what you’re gonna get.” “It is what I want,” Steve said, more quietly than he’d meant to; his voice came out hushed and a little husky. “Roger that, Rogers,” Tony said.  “Believe me, gotcha covered.  Now.”  He settled himself more firmly over Steve’s legs, squared his shoulders.  “Hands above your head.” The sudden steel and snap of command in his voice was amazing, and Steve responded to the order with a soldier’s instinctive obedience, lifting his hands above his head to lay them back over the pillows, crossing them at the wrists. “Good,” Tony said, voice still firm, but his eyes had dilated a little, and there was a soft quirk at the corner of his mouth that, even apart from their near nakedness and the warm weight of Tony’s behind and legs over Steve’s bare thighs made this feel entirely different from orders in the field, made heat rise in Steve’s chest and tangle there, hot and pounding.  Tony shifted forward, and abruptly the warm curve of his rear was settling against the hot hard ache in Steve’s groin and he had to choke back a noise at the sudden friction, clenched his hands hard into fists to try and keep his hips from bucking up uncontrollably.  Tony squeezed his thighs against Steve’s sides and ground down into him, rocking so that Steve’s hardness pressed right up against the cleft of his buttocks, and said, “At ease there, soldier,” at the same time. Steve wasn’t sure whether to groan or laugh, his sudden rush of desire leaving him lightheaded and gasping.  He let out a breathless huff of air, amazed at how Tony could get him this hot and bothered this quickly, and Tony’s hands skimmed up his chest to his arm, callused fingers and rough palms skimming over the skin of his forearm and bicep to fasten the cuff around his wrist, wide soft leather with something like steel inside it.  He’d barely even noticed what Tony had been leaning forward to do, he’d been so distracted by the flex of muscle over his groin, the tantalizing nearness of the warmth of Tony’s chest, the quick brushing touch of his hands. Tony ducked his head and kissed him, all hot soft breath and clever tongue against his lips.  Steve opened his mouth fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub
Bondage
Light Bondage
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Rimming
Comeplay
Oral Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Aftercare
Anal Sex
Basically PWP
Cuddling & Snuggling
Begging
Dirty Talk
Established Relationship
Mild Humiliation
Fingering
Implied Bottom Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

