Work Text:
What the Tannhauser gate cluster was, in essence, was a hyperlink node. A galactic crossroads, where multiple hyperspace lanes crossed. More by luck than judgement, in this particular case. Tannhauser, stuck out off most of the main routes, had never been intended as a node. But multiple pirate and private planetary routes had gone through it, gradually building up the cluster, until the central federations finally had to start taking notice. Most of which entailed setting up a nominal police presence around the node, usually in the form of a semi-regular SHIELD patrol. The cluster was a good bottleneck point for pirate hunts. Or it had used to be, until most of them abandoned the cluster for sneakier routes. After that, the cluster had mostly been taken over by SHIELD itself, used as a handy stop-over and gathering point for operations pointed downstream on any of the cluster's routes.None of which was really relevant right now, though it explained why Hydra had picked the place for ambush. Tannhauser was big enough to lure a sizable portion of SHIELD's active forces to, and quiet enough that they wouldn't immediately expect a trap.What was relevant, was that somewhere in the boom period of the cluster's history, some bright spark had decided that it would make a good subspace node as well as a hyperspace one. A nice, policed location in which to set up a bigass subspace interlink out to western arm of the galaxy. And as the physical hyperspace traffic dwindled over the years, the informational subspace traffic actually boomed, until Tannhauser became something like the forty-eighth busiest subspace interlink in the galaxy.Which was going to be really, really relevant once the Avenger dropped out of hyperspace into physical space, and hyperspace stopped having a shielding effect on subspace communications."Oh, this is gonna hurt," Tony muttered. Mostly to himself, or so he'd thought, but Barton looked sidelong at him from where he was braced into one of the pilots' cradles. The rest of the SHIELD crew had strapped themselves down into one of them or the other, though Romanov had deliberately aimed for manual weapons control, and Banner had aimed for the scientific station. Mostly, Tony thought, so he could monitor the rest of them from it."What's going to hurt?" Clint asked, with a frown of vague concern that was weirdly touching, all things considered. Tony, kneeling braced on the deck back behind them, armour fully engaged once more, smiled queasily."Tell you later," he murmured, as light and casual as he could manage, and then the engines whined behind them, a distinct hum that no-one who'd flown a hyperspace-capable ship could ever mistake. The engines whined a warning, just a second's worth, and then hyperspace shattered apart around them, disgorging them out into realspace in a gut-wrenching whirl of abused scientific principles.And Tony, as braced as he'd tried to be, catapulted mind-first into the howl of subspace through his implant.Hyperspace travel was a fucking bitch, when you were uplinked.For an endless second, he lost touch with his physical senses, lost control or even awareness of his physical body. The universe was a roar of sound, a wall of information pouring straight through his brain, and if JARVIS hadn't had him, if JARVIS hadn't been for that one second the filter through which the universe translated itself, he might well have gone insane. Well, insaner.There was a reason pilots disabled AI-uplink while in hyperspace. The ones that weren't addicted to the hit, at least.Because oh, oh, it was addicting. And most pilot uplinks, hooking only into their ships' AIs, didn't get a fraction of the hit Tony did. Tony, who for that one second could sense the entirety of the subspace network spiraling out around him, all the data in the galaxy his for the taking. Tony, who could sense the subspace hub up ahead of him the way planetary eyes could sense the sun. Tony ... who could feel JARVIS, in that moment. Who could touch the entirety that was the AI, the booming invisible presence of him stretching out to that distant planetoid that held his physical housing. Tony, who could feel, in that second, everything his partner was.JARVIS was the best goddamn hit in the galaxy, and every second the sheer size of him quietly shredded Tony's brain was the best second he'd ever lived.It didn't last, of course. Which was good, always good, uplink was all very well but you had to have the hardware to handle it, and even partnered with JARVIS through the implant, Tony's brain wasn't actually designed to take regular galactic-sized infodumps, thanks.Working on it. Baby, oh baby, he was working on it.{Sir. If I might remind of the battle in realspace?} JARVIS murmured, reproachful and careful and faintly awed. He always was, whenever Tony came down out of uplink like that. As though he didn't quite get that he was the most beautiful thing in the universe when it happened, and got slightly uncomfor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Alternate Universe - Space
Space Opera
Violence
Battle
Spaceships
Artificial Intelligence
Recovery
Telepathic Bond
War
Sacrifice

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

