Work Text:
 “You’re certain about this?” low and soft, the god of mischief inquired. “Not particularly. What could go wrong?” Loki considered. “It may bother you. Freshly-woken magic can be a bit volatile, like a static pressure on one’s mind. I think lack of sleep, a near-lethal amount of caffeine in one’s system, and jet-lag combined might be an apt description, from what I’ve seen of your behavior under the influence of such factors.” “For how long?” “Until you learn to understand and guide it.” “I have some time off. Apparently if we want to even pretend to remain low-profile, it’s best that we lay low after that recent little announcement of ours.” Tony hummed, low and thoughtful, then stepped closer. “It’s driving me crazy, you know: all that I don’t understand about magic. I need an inside view. Light me up.” Loki smiled, eyes sparkling mischief. “Let’s see, then.” He rested his hands on either side of Tony’s head, shut his eyes and reached out. It wasn’t as tricky to find the second time, but he still inhaled sharply when he hit upon the latent magic there. It felt sealed off, closed down tightly so it was hard to focus on, but it was very clearly there, and clearly there was real potential in it. Loki’s own curiosity about it, what shapes it might take, was a thrill in and of itself. Feeling an echo of the same tingling shock Loki got from contact with it, Tony shivered, and said nothing, trying to focus on where that feeling came from, to see if he could control it, but to no avail. “Patience,” Loki chided, not opening his eyes. “This may feel strange.” “More than it already does?” The god of mischief smirked. “Much.” He set about scanning, mapping with his own magic, which sent ripples of interactive static through his awareness. He heard Tony make a small, thoughtful sound in response. Unexpectedly, the dormant and perfectly still, perfectly isolated and untapped magic, shifted. “What did you just do?” “I was right,” Tony muttered. “It is like having a new interface integrated into a neural network.” “Is this about the devices you’ve been linking to a those little implants you were so keen to place on or in your skull last month?” “A bit. It’s like telling muscles to work, without moving a muscle, and making something move anyway. People who are paralyzed and immobile can move a computer cursor, or a robotic arm-” “I recall.” Loki smirked a little. “The comparison is apt.” Tony slowly exhaled, feeling the static let up. “You’re stopping?” “No,” Loki said softly. “Close your eyes, Tony.” The engineer did so, a bit reluctantly. The intent, captivated expression on Loki’s face, a bit more unguarded while the god of mischief has his eyes closed, was a sight he could take in for a long while without getting bored in the least. Something flickered, deep red, edged in gold, behind his closed eyelids. “Did you do that?” “Shhh,” Loki warned. “Just a moment... there.” Tony’s muscles stiffened as he tried to classify the sudden burst of sensation. It reminded him a bit of being electrocuted, a bit of his college experiences with LSD, a bit of being caught in a centrifuge, and yet was very different from all those things. It was a power surge, and unfolding, rising and falling and rising again. “Steady.” That voice sounded so distant. “Relax, Tony. It’s just woken up.” Making a small, bemused and incoherent noise, the engineer felt his muscles relax and the frantic, explosive quality of the sensation began to calm along with it. There was a hum under his skin not quite unlike his arc reactor, but now it was all of him: in his bones and his very veins. It was a loud sort of sensation. And there was cool, gentle pressure from outside, bracing him: dark green, clearly Loki. “I think you just gave me synesthesia.” “Only a little, and that’s only if you go about trying to describe it.” Tony nodded, making himself breathe slow and deep. Some of the dark green retreated and only then did he realize how far in it’d gone, reaching all the way to... to... “Oh. So that’s where it is.” “Tony, meet magic. Tony’s magic, meet everything else,” Loki murmured. “You can open your eyes if you like.” Doing so, the engineer startled a bit. It wasn’t that his sight had improved, or sharpened or gotten any more vivid, yet it sort of had. No, he thought. Wait. “It’s... like an overlay. There’s what I’ve always seen and there’s an extra... it’s not that I’m seeing it, so much as feeling it but my brain registers it sort of visually.” He snorted. “Maybe it would’ve woken up earlier if I’d tried LSD more than the twice.” “No. It was quite locked down. I had to foster some connections before it could be properly accessible to you,” Loki murmured, examining Tony’s face intently. “You’re alright, then?” “Yeah. Buzzed, wired, disconcerted and fascinated: not bad at all,” Tony muttered, starting to grin maniacally. “Now, how do I do things with it?” “You reach out.” Loki’s hands fell away from Tony’s temples to cup the air in front of him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Midgardian Press Corps
And the annoying thereof

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

