Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony shook his head as he looked over the battle, feeling in his gut that this was going to end badly. It wasn't like him to assume the worse especially since he and his team had been getting along better. What was causing his ominous tones was the fact that his day started off as crummy as could be. He woke up with a nightmare, and turned to look for Pepper for comfort only to remember that she broke up with him 2 months ago. Tony had to deal with the panic attack attached to the nightmare alone before he spent a few hours in his lab fixing up one of his suits. He had somehow managed to engage one of his foot repulsors and blasted a hole in his workshop. To make matters worse Captain Fucking America decided to be all uppity and chew him out for it. This was his goddamn tower and if he wanted to destroy it, he would.On top of that Barton was spying on his in his vents and Bruce seemed to be giving him a disappointed look. He sighed and shook his head as he said it wasn't his day.  Tony shook the thought away before he focused back on the battle. His lips curled into to a sneer as he saw the battle.  Who in their right mind decided to animate vegetables and then give them the ability to fight? Like seriously, this was as lame as could be, not to mention he hated magic.  Why on earth did the magic users decide to come out to play now? He just knew this was Loki's fault. He grumbled softly to himself suddenly aware that he could hear someone calling his name."Sir, Captain Rogers has been calling for a status report for the past five minutes. I suggest answering him before he decides to send Mr. Odinson to see for himself," JARVIS told the man.Tony made a face not that anyone could see from where the mask was hiding his face before he switched on his comms link. "Cap, I'm fine, I’m just doing aerial work," he drawled out."For god’s sake Stark was that so hard to answer? Start taking out what you can. Thor has located the wizard and is currently in the middle of the battle with him. Do not engage," Steve told him firmly."I hate magic I'm not gonna go taunt it," Tony said in a moment of clarity. He sighed and turned to where Thor was before flew down to the fight to watch. He was serious, why tempt fate that was the least thing he needed, and that was saying something. He had just blasted through of what looked like some demon salad when he felt something behind him. Tony had only a moment to turn before a blue light suddenly surrounded him."Shit," he managed to say before he blacked out."Man of Iron is down," Thor suddenly stated before he threw Mjolnir at the wizard who had caught his comrade unawares. "What?" Clint asked quietly, though he had heard the God perfectly clear.The Avengers turned to where the Iron man Suit was currently laying on the ground, deathly still. "Stark report!" Steve shouted into the comms, frowning as he got no answer. "Tony! Answer me dammit," he added besides himself at this point. "I will go and check on him," Thor stated after all the wizard was currently stuck underneath his hammer and so he knew the being wasn't going anywhere. That being said all the animated vegetables had fallen once the man had. But before Thor could even reach the man of Iron, the suit in question suddenly took off in the air.The Avengers watched in horror as the suit took off back towards the tower without seeming like Tony was even steering it. Steve had a moment of mild panic before realizing that JARVIS had probably taken control of it."Widow you and Barton on the debrief with Fury, and Thor and I will see what needs to be done with the wizard. Afterwards make your way to the tower, chances are Stark is injured and hiding it," Steve ordered his team in his Captain voice.“And me?” Bruce had after changing back from the Hulk once it became apparent that Tony wasn’t getting up.“You’re with me and Thor, we’re definitely going to need your expertise,” Steve added as he headed over to the Quinjet with his teammates.Once they were on the jet Steve nodded to Natasha to go, knowing they would get dropped off at the tower first while her and Clint would head on down to SHIELD. He figured Tony might be more receptive to getting aid if his whole team wasn’t there to see his injuries. As it was, he had no idea if Tony had a concussion or worst for that matter, he shook his head before he suddenly realized something. Why did he keep forgetting about JARVIS? He cleared his throat for a moment, hoping that the AI would bring good news.“Hey JARVIS, how is Tony doing?” Steve asked knowing the AI was connected in the Quinjet, Stark was nothing if not thorough.“Sir is, not himself at the moment. It would be advisable if the Avengers would make haste getting back to the tower,” Jarvis stated carefully.Bruce frowned, even he could hear the hesitation in the AI’s voice and that new, that just didn’t happen. “Is Tony hurt?”“I cannot explain it, you need to be in the tower to see for yourself,” Jarvis 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Age Regression/De-Aging
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Protective Team
Past Child Abuse
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Iron Man 2
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Clint Barton
Canon-Typical Violence
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Rhodey
Accidents
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
cute tony
Adorable Tony Stark
Protective Hulk
Protective Loki
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

