Chapter 1: The Ice Bear Cometh
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was stupid o’clock. Darcy checked her phone just in case the computer settings had been changed to read Timbuktu time, but, no, it was still stupid o’clock, so late it was actually well into tomorrow. 
Sighing, the young woman turned to her boss. “Jane, I’m giving you five more minutes for a fantastic breakthrough. If it hasn’t come yet, it’s straight to bed with you!” 
“Uh-huh. Five minutes,” the woman echoed absently, no actual recognition in her voice.  
This was precisely why the scientist needed a non-sciencey handler. She was brilliant, but couldn’t be trusted with the trivial tasks of life like sleeping or eating, not when there was science to be done. Stark Industries had attempted to replace Darcy with someone more fitting the position of a scientist’s assistant, someone with an alphabet soup of degrees in fields that actually pertained to Foster’s research, but each one had gotten caught up in the woman’s enthusiasm. Darcy was finally brought back in after Jane and her assistants were put on mandated bed rest after forgetting to sleep for six straight days while living off Snickers bars and energy drinks. So, at twenty-six years old, Darcy found herself acting as hen mother and wrestling a petulant woman six years her senior into bed.  
She had just turned the lights out on the snoring scientist when a low chime sounded in the apartment.  
“Friday?” she questioned quietly. 
The voice of the Tower’s AI answered in an equally low tone, “Sergeant Barnes is outside the door. Should I let him in, Miss Lewis?” 
Barnes? Darcy knew of him. Following the info-dump onto the Internet, everyone did. She had read the files, watched the shaky cellphone videos of him and Captain America fighting. It had been hella impressive. Then Thor announced that the Good Captain had found his friend and brought him home to the Tower. That had not gone well, what with Barnes killing Tony’s father and all. Darcy wasn’t close with anyone in the Tower but Jane, Thor and maybe Clint when he wasn’t being a total dick, so her intel was limited. She got the impression that Barnes was sort of settling in, though from the odd looks worn when talking about him, she knew he wasn’t quite his old self yet.  
The chime sounded again.  
“Miss Lewis?” Friday questioned.  
“Yeah, unlock the door,” she said, wondering just what the man wanted with Jane at stupid o’clock in the morning.  
She opened the door just enough to be polite without offering full admittance. The man on the other side stood nearly a foot taller than her, his ice blue eyes darting up and down the corridor before looking her way.  
“What’s up?” she asked as casually as she could. 
“Ice Bear was sent to find you,” he said in a dull monotone. 
“Ice Bear?” 
“Yes. Ice Bear,” he said, no humor in his voice or face, no emotion of any kind. The odd looks everyone wore when speaking of him made a lot more sense now. 
“Are you Ice Bear?” 
“Yes,” he replied. “Ice Bear was sent to find you.” 
She narrowed her eyes at him, waiting for him to say more, for him to show some emotion or alter his stance from the stiff combat-ready position he was holding. Nothing. “I’m not Dr. Foster,” she said slowly, hoping it would be enough to make him go away. 
“Ice Bear knows this. Ice Bear was sent to find Darcy Lewis.” His eyes, already fixed on her, seemed to intensify, though not a muscle shifted in his face.  
A chill ran through her. “Why?” 
“Ice Bear cannot say.” 
“What do you want then?” 
“You are to follow Ice Bear. Now.” 
He didn’t wait for her agreement, just turned and started walking down the corridor toward the elevators. She was certain following him would be the stupidest idea ever; the man was clearly unstable, and she knew for fact he was deadly. She also knew that if his aim was to kill her, he totally could have done it eighteen times over by now and still had time to dispose of her body.  
“So, Ice Bear,” she called as she closed Jane’s door and ran to catch up, “where are we heading?” 
He set his thumb to the biometric scanner and spoke to the elevator, “Eighty-two.” 
“Medical?” She frowned, wondering what in Thor’s name someone in medical might need her for at stupid o’clock in the morning.  
Barnes remained silent as the elevator set them at the 82nd floor and as he led her through the labyrinth of corridors and nurses stations to reach the private suites held in reserve for the Avengers after particularly nasty missions. Thor, she knew, was off world, Jane asleep in her quarters, so the only one who might have summoned her would be Barton. Last she heard, though, he was on an Avengers good will tour of the lower forty-eight, showing off his trick shots and being generally geeky to bolster opinion polls in their favor.  
Before she could question her laconic companion, the door to one of the suites opened. For the briefest moment, she heard a pained 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
a bit of crack
Mildly Dubious Consent
Darcy to the rescue

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

