Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“So.”
“So?  Chin up.  You missed a spot shaving, how do you even do that?”
“How did my life reach this point?” Tony Stark asked no one in particular.  The only other person in the room was scowling at his jaw like it had talked bad about her mother and Jarvis knew better than to answer rhetorical questions.  “How did I get here?”
“Poor choices and too much drinking,” Pepper Potts told him.  She put her hands on his shoulders and turned him around, giving him a firm shove towards the bathroom.  “Fix your face.”
“It's like twenty years and a couple of hard parties too late for that,” Tony pointed out, but he went, because she had that look on her face, the one that said that she was not amused and not in the mood for his nonsense, and there was a lot of things that Pepper qualified as nonsense when it came to Tony Stark.  Morose, he headed for the bathroom.  “My life is a disaster,” he told her as he went.
“You should be used to that by now,” she pointed out.  “Which watch?”
“Pepper, I have bigger damn problems than the watch.  I need you to focus here.”  He studied his reflection in the mirror.  Same as always, nothing to write home about, but he was doing okay for himself.  He tipped his chin up, looking for the non-existent spot he'd missed.  His eyes narrowed, he reached for his razor.  Okay, maybe he'd missed a spot.  He had other things on his mind, dammit.
“Tony, I am focused.  There is a laserlike level of focus happening here, because the only way you're going to make it downstairs and not be late, as in humiliatingly late, is if I focus.  Because you've never met a schedule that you couldn't destroy with a casual look and a martini.”  She appeared behind him in the bathroom door, holding the wooden box of his watches.  “Which.  Watch.”
“For God's sake, just pick one!”  He squinted at his chin, leaning forward to double check everything.  “It is not anything I'm concerned about.”
“You should be.  Come on, we're running behind.”  She selected a watch from the display and set the box aside.  “Wrist.”  She caught his arm with one delicate, cool hand, and slipped the watch over his fingers.
“I can put on a watch,” Tony said, but he didn't look away from his reflection.  “I can do that.”
“You can, but you're not going to,” Pepper pointed out, securing it in place.  “Because you're having some sort of breakdown over there, I don't claim to understand it, but I've learned to respect it.”  She took the razor out of his other hand and put it aside.  “Look at me.”  When he didn't move, she took his shoulders in hand and turned him around so she could run a quick, raking glance over his form.  A smile curled her lips, warm and affectionate and real.  “You look great.  Perfect.”  
“How did I get to this point in my life, Pepper?” Tony asked.
“Hard work and hard living,” she said, as she reached up to stroke a wayward strand of hair back where it belonged.  “Try not to panic.”
“I'm not-  I'm not PANICKING,” Tony snapped, recoiling from her fingers, and she followed him, adjusting his collar and smoothing his tie.  “That is just a gross exaggeration of the situation, Pepper, that is slander and malice and a horrible thing to say to me, panicking, who's panicking?”
“You are.  Visibly.”  Pepper heaved a faint sigh, her shoulders rising and falling beneath the fabric of her tailored cream suit.  “I need you to not do that.  This is a delicate negotiation, but nothing that you can't do.  We all know that.”  Her fingers caught his chin, tipping his face back towards her when he tried to glance away.  “Tony.  You can do this.”
He let his eyes shut; sucking in a long, slow breath, he nodded.  “Yeah.  Got it.”  
He heard her faint laugh, light and easy, and he opened his eyes to glare at her.  She was shaking her head, smiling at him, smiling with him.  “It's just dinner,” she said, and her gaze was warm and sympathetic.  “It's just a date.”
“Pepper.  I am standing here in my best suit,” Tony said to her, “which my ex-girlfriend dressed me in, some parts of it, quite literally, why are you here, by the way?  Why are you-”  She smoothed his hair down behind his ear, and he rolled his eyes.  “Stop it.”
“First of all,” she said with a saccharine smile, “ex-girlfriend and current CEO, can we focus on the current?  CEO of StarkIndustries, that is who just shoved your arms into a jacket, and I did it because if we left it up to you, you would still be wearing ratty jeans with a hole in the left knee and a t-shirt from a band that broke up a decade ago.”
“It's a classic,” Tony said, and that hurt, he wasn't sure why, but that hurt.  “And I-”
“Shoes,” she said, stabbing a finger towards his feet, and he heaved a sigh.  “I am serious, Tony, you are not going to sabotage this by acting like an ass.”
“Kind of am, Pepper, that's my default state, that is who I am, so basically, when you say to me, 'This time, Tony, this one time, can you not be an ass?' the answer is no, because that is who I am, I am a gia
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dating
Humor
Domestic
Plot sneaks in
Author has mental issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

