Work Text:
With his mouth opened wide and stuffed with Thor’s cock, Loki’s jaws are starting to ache. The marble floor isn’t easy on his knees either. He wishes that Thor would either hurry up and finish or grow impatient and fuck him—the first option is more desirable, though the second one more likely, but neither is going to happen soon.Sitting on the bed, Thor is still enjoying this very much. “Fuck yeah, you like Daddy’s cock?”The expected response is an enthusiastic moan, so Loki gives it to him. For added effect, he also sucks harder and bobs his head faster.“Good boy. Come on baby, take it all in.”Praise, no matter the circumstances where it’s given, always makes Loki preen a little. He complies, taking Thor down to the root until his eyes water and his throat is fighting against the intrusion, but this is what his sugar daddy likes and this is what gets him extra pocket money. Loki endures.When he can’t take any more, Loki pulls back gasping for air, though he keeps Thor entertained with a hand around his cock. Meanwhile, Thor cards his fingers through his hair, and says, “You’re so good, baby. Can you do it again?”One of the things Loki likes most about Thor is that he never forces this onto him, and he always gives Loki the option to say no. Loki doesn’t fool himself into thinking he has much of a real choice, but nevertheless it’s a nice gesture. Eager to please, he coos, “Yes, Daddy, I love it.”Loki dives down once more, moaning as he does so. Thor gently cradles the back of his head, but he doesn’t hold him down or fuck his mouth like some men are prone to. He keeps his hips still and Loki truly appreciates it.As he’s predicted and hoped for, it’s not long before Thor tells him to stop. Pulling Loki into his lap, Thor claims Loki’s mouth in a kiss, and Loki’s lips part for him easily. It’s a filthy affair: Thor’s tongue invades deep into him, like he’s searching for the taste of himself, and the slurping sounds are obscenely loud to Loki’s ears. Thor’s hands roam over Loki’s body, and when he reaches his ass, he squeezes it and gives it several hard slaps. Loki yelps as if startled—he knows this reaction pleases Thor.Pulling back, Thor gives him a positively feral grin. “You’ve been such a good boy, baby. Daddy has a reward for you.”“What is it, Daddy?” He widens his eyes and flutters his lashes. Maybe he overdoes it a little, but Thor’s grin splits further.“I think you know.” One of Thor’s fingers has found Loki’s entrance and is now circling it.“Ohh … yes.”“Ask for it nicely, baby.”“Daddy, will you please fuck me?”Thor growls in satisfaction. In a flash, he’s flipped them around and Loki’s thrown into the bed, bouncing a few times on the mattress from the force of it. He’s used to being manhandled, but still it knocks the breath out of him and makes his heart race. Thor doesn’t let him recover. He’s crawling on top already, each hand efficiently circling around one of Loki’s ankles and pinning them above his head. Loki’s ass is thrust high in the air, in the perfect position for Thor to plunge into.It’s Loki’s responsibility to keep himself slick and loose, ready to be taken any time that Thor wants. Thor doesn’t bother with checking, but at least he doesn’t begin pounding into him all at once. Rather, he’s gentle when he eases himself in and he sets a reasonable pace. Loki needs it, too—he prepares himself thoroughly beforehand, but Thor is big and it takes time for him to accommodate. Loki can’t stretch himself so much that he becomes too loose for Thor’s liking, but in the few months that they’ve been doing this, Thor hasn’t been overly rough, and neither has he hurt him. Keeping himself just tight enough is a risk he’s willing to take.Another risk that he’s taking is letting Thor fuck him without a condom. Before Thor, he’s always insisted on using one, but this was one of the few conditions Thor had when they first came to their agreement. Thor says that he’s clean and that he isn’t with anyone else; Loki’s not stupid and he doesn’t trust him completely, but he believes him enough. Though, even if Thor isn’t lying, there’s still a small chance that he could catch something, but Thor lets him get checked as often as he wants. In addition to that, he pays very, very well. If Loki had said no, he’d never have found a deal remotely as good as this for the rest of his life.It helps that Loki actually likes Thor. He’s twenty-four and Thor’s thirty-six—the difference in age between them is more than ten years, true, but it’s less than twenty, which Loki is more than grateful for. And with his blond hair, blue eyes, devastatingly handsome features and body like a god’s, he’s the type that Loki would be into, if he could choose for himself. Thor has no obligation to be nice, but he is, and unlike most men of his wealth and station, he doesn’t purposefully make Loki feel inferior. In other words, Thor’s the perfect sugar daddy and if Loki has to make a few compromises, he doesn’t mind at all.Altho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Rough Sex
Roughness
Hair-pulling
Face Slapping
Spanking
Creampie
Rimming
Felching
Snowballing
Comeplay
Come Swallowing
Come Sharing
Spit Kink
spitting in mouth
Humiliation
Dirty Talk
Dom/sub Undertones
Mildly Dubious Consent
Light Angst
Poor Loki
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alternate Universe - Human
Absolute Fucking Filth
The Author Regrets Nothing

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

