Work Text:
Peter’s not expecting to be ambushed in his own apartment.   He’s wearing a ratty old hoodie and carrying three pizza boxes, humming fucking Europe to himself under his breath, and he doesn’t even turn on the light before kicking the door shut behind him.  He goes straight for the kitchen, sets the pizzas down on the table, and manages to take two steps towards the lightswitch before someone’s catching him around the waist -  He feels his spine tense up for a second, because his hyper-senses didn’t even itch, but then there’s a familiar puff of breath against the side of his face, familiar lips skimming over his jaw, and calloused hands pulling at his clothes, running over the skin above his waistband.  Peter’s hood falls away, and -  Wade’s voice is more a vibration against his skin than an actual sound, “What’s on the pizzas, spidey?” Peter smiles and sinks back into him, muscles going jelly at Wade’s thumbs hooking under the front of his jeans.  “They’re, uh - “ it’s hard to get full sentences out when Wade’s sucking bruises into the skin behind his ear, “one’s hawaiian, one’s meat lover, one’s just cheese.” “Boring,” Wade declares, and Peter can feel the edge of teeth on his earlobe.  “Your dick tastes better.” Peter snorts a laugh, can’t help it, because that line, but Wade’s backing up into the kitchen and taking Peter with him, twisting him around so they’re face to face, still sucking kisses along the line of Peter’s throat, and Peter’s been running around the city all day trying to snap an exclusive photo of a visiting dignitary, so he lets himself be lifted up onto the counter, just wraps his legs around Wade’s waist -  Wade moves to his mouth, talking into his lips, “You would not be-lieve the day I had, spidey, I mean ri-diculous, didn’t even have time to stop for lunch, I was on the tail of this Norweigan fucking princess that some schmuck wants blown to bits, don’t know why you’d want to blow up tits like that, but - I follow this bird around all fucking day and you know what happens? I get beat to the punch, spidey, that’s what - “ Peter grabs him by one ear and pulls him back an inch.  “Why are you always the source of my problems?” The only parts of Wade not covered by his suit are his head and his hands, and the sheer material makes a swishing noise against the inseam of Peter’s jeans when he rolls his hips forward, grinding hard against him.  Peter digs his fingers into Wade’s shoulder and squeezes his knees, pulling him in tighter. “Bitch was wearing neon orange, some kind of fucking hunting get up, can you believe that, shoots her with a large game rifle from a hundred meters, her whole fucking head came off - “ “That would’ve been a pretty exclusive picture - “ Wade is rocking into him in sharp, shallow circles, he pulls Peter’s hoodie off his shoulders, Peter leans in quick to bite his bottom lip and retreat, Wade’s hands are on his fly, their mouths turn and smash together and Wade’s rough-hewn fingers are pulling his dick out of his boxers without preamble -  “I had a plan to get her while she was at the White House, it was gonna be gorgeous.  I could get into the White House so easy, you could come with me, baby boy, I wanna fuck you on that big ole desk.” He drops to his knees between Peter’s legs, grabs two handfuls of his ass and pulls him right to the edge, so Peter’s knees are hooked over his shoulders, the heels of his converse digging for purchase on Wade’s back, sliding over the suit.  “I’m not sure the president would appreciate that,” he says, breathless because of Wade’s lips skimming along the head of his dick, “I’d like to hang on to my hero - mmm - sta - status - “ Wade swallows him all the way down to the base in one movement, his throat working, and every muscle in Peter’s body pulls impossibly taut, his vision exploding in white.  Wade must be doing his best to suck his brains out, with just the barest hint of teeth, like Peter likes, his hands splayed over Peter’s ass, his thumbs in the crease of his thighs, still covered in denim -  The whole apartment is silent except for the rasp of Peter’s breath, the wet noises of Wade moving up and down, Peter’s head banging back against the cabinets when he comes like a firecracker, “Fuck - “ sss Peter’s not expecting to be ambushed in his own apartment. He’s wearing the suit, thank god, and he comes in through the fire escape window in his bedroom, which probably saves him from losing about three of his fingers and one of his ears in the booby-trapped front door.  He knows something’s wrong the second one of his feet touches the floor inside the apartment, and he freezes with one leg in and one leg out.   The smart thing would be to slip quietly back out the window and swing away into the night, but you’d be hard pressed to find anyone in Peter’s line of work who would ever run from a fight - especially a fight on their home turf, when they’ve been invaded, when they don’t know what’s going on.  So instead he twi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Hurt Peter
Established Relationship
Violence
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Wade

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

