Work Text:
The thing about Tony is, he's kind of a slut.
And by kind of he means definitely, and by definitely he means definitely, so it shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone involved that it takes him five minutes into meeting Dr. Bruce Banner before deciding yeah, tapping that. Then the guy actually talks and he's every bit as stupidly smart as his papers had made him seem and it's a show of willpower that keeps Tony from deepthroating him right there in the middle of Fury's shitty excuse for a lab.
He still thinks he should get a cookie for that.
Then his plans for getting laid get firmly derailed by Thor's crazy-hot-but-mostly-just-crazy little brother, and it's only when Tony notices exactly how Bruce's alter ego's shredded pants cling to his insanely huge dick that he remembers, because fuck yes. Jarvis is the only reason he doesn't get clipped by a Chitauri cruiser, and when the aftermath of the battle (and his near death and genocide of an entire race, but Tony is very carefully not talking about that, okay, look, he has this bottle of whiskey and everything is completely fine) he has a new plan.
Fucking Dr. Bruce Banner, definitely still on his radar. But first?
The Hulk.
The problem is that seducing the Hulk requires the green guy actually being there, and Tony makes it all of a week into Bruce living with him before his plan to start with enormous green dick is sidetracked in favor of pinning the man against a wall and trying to get his tongue down his throat, namely because Bruce is brilliant and just won't stop talking and really no one should walk into his lab spouting physics like that and not expect to get made out with at least a little bit.
But the thing about Bruce Banner is that he's a huge buzzkill, and after five minutes of stupidly hot making out and Tony getting his hand down his pants, he'd called the whole thing off because he was worried the other guy might make a showing. Which, hello, really not a problem, but Tony had enough sense of self-preservation to not say that because he liked having Bruce around and if the guy ran back off to India or something he'd have to go fetch him and he had better things to do than have that argument, especially since it'd probably devolve into having to talk about his feelings and the fact that he maybe kind of sort of slightly wanted more out of this than a deep dicking from somebody who could whisper quantum mechanics in his ear.
So it was back to plan Seduce the Hulk. Which, really, Tony was fine with, except for the fact that Bruce was as in control as he was brilliant and while that'd be really really amazing if Bruce were displaying that control while, oh, he had Tony's dick in his hand and was stroking it slow and easy and refusing to let him come until he fucking begged for it, in this instance it was keeping him from getting laid, not helping him out with it.
Fortunately, three months in Bruce apparently decided that Tony's frequent reiterations that the green guy would be easier to get along with if he just got to come out and play every now and then might have a point. And that was how they ended up in the middle of fucking nowhere, population them, and Tony's promise to keep the suit on until he was sure how Hulk took him being there was completely not being broken. He'd waited all of five seconds and Hulk hadn't tried to smash, so even if he could hear Bruce's voice in the back of his mind going over exactly how stupid he was, Tony didn't hesitate at all in stripping his armor off.
"So we need to talk, big guy," Tony told him, shedding a gauntlet as he walked forward. Hulk looked down at him, eyes narrowing. 
"Talk?" he rumbled.
"Yeah, not my favorite either," Tony replied, and he hit the mechanism to release the chest plate. The boots came next, and he got another good look at exactly why he'd almost gotten hit by an alien death-ray, and mm, definitely worth it. "Or we can skip the talking and go straight to the fun part.
The green guy just regarded him for a minute, like he was trying to figure out why he was standing here with no one trying to kill him and Tony just nattering at him, and he sat down with a whoosh of air out. "No want talk."
"Perfect," Tony said, and he closed the distance between them. And fuck, this close up the guy was really big, like, insanely big, and if he was as proportionate as Tony thought it was a damn good thing he'd spent plenty of time with lube and his toy collection before he'd suited up. "So I think we should fuck," he said. 
Hulk just looked at him, and Tony rolled his eyes. "Fuck," he repeated slowly. "You. Me. Your dick in my ass. Sound good?" He thought about it for .2 seconds before deciding fuck it, and he put his hand on Hulk's thigh. Which, for the record, definitely hard as rock, and that was boding well for at least half of Tony's jack-off fantasies as of late. And hey, Hulk wasn't hitting him, which was good, because sometimes guys tended to do that even when the man coming onto them w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP
Size Kink

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark

