Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes was having a pretty good day, all things considered.He was sitting on his favorite couch in the common room, his favorite rifle out in clean, polished pieces on a cloth in front of him, and all his knives were scoured and waiting to be sharpened. Everything was cared for, perfect, and exactly where and how he wanted it. This even, for once, included Steve, who was curled up in a chair nearby drawing. For the moment, at least, he was safe at home, instead of covered in ichor, alien bits, or his own blood, trying to get himself horribly killed pulling ridiculously stupid stunts that Bucky had expressly warned him not to try. Granted, he was also way the fuck across the room, and he hadn’t actually looked at Bucky the entire morning, but on the other hand they weren’t actively fighting. It was a really nice change. Bucky knew all he had to do was stop being such an asshole all the time if he wanted a few hours of not listening to Steve go hoarse shouting at him, but the assholery just happened, regardless of what he’d planned when he left the apartment. Then Captain America would assume a good dose of yelling and disheartened frowns would be the key to stopping said assholery, apply it, and get ticked off when it didn’t work. Again.Steve Rogers sincerely adored Bucky, with the fervor of the truly devout. Unfortunately, it felt like Captain America wasn’t too keen on him sometimes. Since Captain America was following Bucky home from work more and more often nowadays, time not spent testing their lung capacity and foul-mouthed vocabulary was in short supply. But at the moment, everything was good. Bucky experimentally stretched out, lolling half off the couch, until his foot brushed Steve’s. Steve glanced up, pencil going still. Bucky held his breath, but after a moment, Steve smiled, face warming with soft affection. Bucky smiled back, like a total dope, and they both looked back down at what they were doing. Everything was okay, then. Bucky let out the breath he was holding, but the corner of his mouth stayed ticked up. He might get to spend a whole day with Steve. They didn’t have any Avenging to do in the near future, so odds were good Bucky might not have to deal with Captain America all day. Bucky loved spending time without Captain America. He closed his eyes and relaxed for once, letting the defensiveness that had been creeping up his shoulders dissipate. Steve stretched a bit, too, hooking his foot around behind Bucky’s, smile lingering on his stupid mug even as he kept his eyes on his drawing. Bucky grinned and resolved to try his luck in the sex department as soon as he had his rifle back together.It had been a while. They were going to tear the apartment to pieces.This all meant Bucky was in a pretty good mood for once, and he even managed to stay in a good mood when That Idiot Parker showed up. It didn’t mean he was going to bother looking away from sharpening the last stiletto he was holding, but it did mean it stayed in his hand. Not, for example, the wall next to Parker’s head, when the idiot for-fucks-sake dropped from the ceiling onto the back of the couch without warning.Did Parker just completely forget Bucky was a cold war assassin with PTSD and a hair trigger? How had he stayed alive this long? Peter was obviously waiting for him to speak, so Bucky hunkered down and ignored him. Hopefully the kid would take the hint.He didn’t.Peter took a deep breath and brought his shoulders up, but then couldn’t seem to get any actual words out. Today was looking like it would soon be filled with off-putting, bizarre behavior and confounded stuttering. Again.Bucky sighed.“I. Uh. I made you cookies.” Peter managed finally, tilting sideways on the back of the couch as he fidgeted with… what looked like a dirty bag of chocolate chip-studded mush. Apparently Peter had dropped it into something on the way over.The kid was a disaster.  Bucky and Peter both eyed the bag dubiously. “You probably shouldn’t eat them,” Peter admitted, shoulders hunching up tighter the longer Bucky ignored him.“Hn,” Bucky grunted finally, which, honestly, was above and beyond. He was being super nice today. Peter’s shoulders tightened up more, and Bucky was pretty sure the kid’s arms were going to end up coming out of his own ears at this rate. He rolled his eyes and went back to the knife.If Steve wasn’t always so pissy about it, Bucky might have felt a little bad for the way he tended to treat Peter Parker. The kid had found out from somewhere about that one dick shooting (which was one time), so now he spent most of their free hours trying to prove that he was definitely not dick-shooting material. It was a mystery to Bucky why this should consist of being unfailingly polite, anxious, and fuckin’ weird, but then he wasn’t a mind reader. Maybe it somehow made sense in there amongst the morass of senseless teenage hormones the kid was no doubt swimming in. Bucky remembered some his teenage yea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
shouting
Fighting
Discussing relationships like fucking adults
Bucky Barnes' amazing dick doesn't solve his problems
talking does
But not before they fight a lot first
Also people get turned into dogs
Because science

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

