Chapter 1: Darcy/Loki
    




Chapter Text
Darcy moaned underneath Loki's palm that had fit perfectly over her mouth. Keeping her quiet wasn't an issue or anything, but it made her more excited when she was held down and silenced by the mischievous God. She could hear Loki above her murmuring praises and making lulling hush noises as he thrusted two fingers inside of her, making her arch and squirm.Loki chuckled when Darcy made a squeaking noise at a particular thrust in, acting as if she never felt anything like it before. Her hands searched blindly for something to grab, something to anchor her to the ground and keep her in reality because right now she was felt like she was on her way to the moon.She couldn't even remember how she ended up here in the first place. Where was here? And why had she let Loki do this to her? It wasn't that she felt violated or wasn't enjoying this, but when had Loki been on her list of "to-do's"... Or was she on his list?Her knee long skirt was carelessly pushed up above her thighs and her new blouse was unbuttoned to expose her pale torso to the dimly lit... where ever she was. Her bra was unhooked in the front but it hadn't managed to expose her breasts to the God of mischief's green lust filled eyes and Darcy wondered when Loki would get fed up with the article of clothing.Darcy didn't even know where her underwear was anymore. Finding them wasn't her top priority right now though, Loki was. She was concentrating on everything he was doing to her, from the gentle pressure of his hand over her plush lips to the way he twisted and angled his fingers inside of her, making Darcy keen with delight.Every so often Darcy's legs would fall apart inch by inch to let Loki in more, surrendering and showing him that she was more than willing. She felt Loki remove his hand from her mouth to reveal her slightly red stained lips from where her lipstick had smeared a little, letting her take more shallow breaths as he fingered her.Loki bent forward so that his thin lips were pressed against her ear and she could feel every breath he took."Mortal women are so weak," he sneered with a low chuckle. "They'll get wet at the tiniest of things."Loki wrapped a hand around her throat, pinning her as if she threatened to push him away, and bent forward to claim her lips in a heated kiss. The hand grasped but it wasn't a choke hold. It felt like Loki was pushing himself to be gentle but at the same time showing Darcy just how capable he was of doing something cruel if she refused.But she was far from refusing Loki.His hand momentarily left her throat to push her bra open, letting the cold air caress her skin as goosebumps prickled along her body. Her nipples got hard instantly and she groaned at the slight numb pain of it. Loki smirked and readjusted himself so that he was hovering just above the left one, making her shivering from his hot breath. He stuck out his tongue and licked once over the pink flesh of the protrusion.She gasped once and when it reached Loki's ears he did it again and again, pulling back to let the cold air embrace it. It was aching from the combination of the cold atmosphere and the saliva coating it. She threw a small fit, body curling and twisting from the uncontainable discomfort and pleasure she was feeling simultaneously.Just when she was getting back to reality and on the edge, Loki pulled out his fingers and stuck three inside her wet orifice. Darcy squeaked in surprise and clenched around Loki's long thin fingers, keeping them inside her as she wiggled around. Her hair was probably a mess by now but she could care less than the status of her hair.Loki crooked his fingers at the right time and Darcy howled, eyes squeezing shut to make everything go pure black pleasure. She could vaguely feel Loki sucking on her neglected nipple now while he fingered her faster than before, driving her to the brink and back again several times. His mouth was making obscene popping noises as he went to town on her perky nipple."Please," she moaned softly.Loki looked up at her, smirking around her nipple like he had won. Like he had conquered her."You wish to surrender so early?" Loki inquired with a hint of satisfaction coating his tongue."Yes!" Darcy screamed when she felt herself getting closer to orgasm. "Yes! God, please!""I'm your God. You obey me now," Loki whispered viciously, raw lust tainting each word.Loki had been hard ever since they started but he was enjoying watching her squirm even more. His arousal wasn't the main focus of this. Darcy was. To make her beg, twist, curl, and scream for more. To make her scream for him. His grin was evil and maniacal, full of malice and victory all in one bound.The three fingers inside her slick channel moved like a blur and soon her head was pounding with a headache from her overexertion, focusing on her orgasm as she came all over Loki's fingers. Her vagina pulsed and quivered violently as Loki continued to work her over with just his fing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Dummy

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Plot! Plot! Whait is plot?!
Nipple Play
Fingerfucking
Biting
Light Dom/sub
Oral Sex
POV Alternating
Humor if you squint long enough
Facials
Cheating
Dubious Consent
Fucking Machines
Closet Sex
Fluff
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Love
Loss of Virginity
One Shot Collection
This Is STUPID

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Dummy

