Work Text:
The card was sitting in his wallet, between the leather and cash, and Bucky was pretty sure Natasha knew it was there, despite there being absolutely no way she could know about it. Rhodey had slipped it into his hand three nights ago when Bucky had been hit on by what felt like absolutely every single Alpha in New York. He was sure it was getting worse the older he got – or maybe the joys of being aggressively hit on every time he left the house were fading with age.When he’d been younger it had been great, never having to buy a drink, always knowing that someone would want to dance with him, someone would want to go home with him if he felt like it. It was only when he’d joined the army and took the suppressants that he realised the freedom of walking through a room and not have people pawing at him – being able to walk home on his own without being followed from a discreet distance by some well-meaning Alpha who ‘just wanted to make sure he was okay’ and then (you guessed it!) hit on him.But at 26 he was out of the army and the suppressants had been stopped and Bucky was back to being an unattached Omega in a city with over 8 million people and at least half of them were Alphas. His parents wanted him to move back to Iowa, where the Alpha population was lower, but the idea of being the only Omega in the whole town made his skin crawl.“And then I kneed him in the balls.” Natasha was saying, with a wicked smirk. She was Omega too, but worked for the same top secret branch of the government Bucky used to work for and was therefore still on her suppressants. Bucky envied her neutral scent, because he could already see the Alpha at the bar talking to the server. Any moment the poor girl was going to walk over with a drink and a ‘from the gentleman by the bar,’ and Bucky was going to scream.“I’m sure he deserved it.” He said, trying not to make eye contact with bar-douche just in case he thought it was some kind of invite to come over. Bucky only saw Natasha once a month now, he certainly didn’t want an interruption. “Did you tell Nick?”“I don’t need to run to my superior every time some asshole thinks he can ‘convince’ me that what I’m missing is in his pants.”Bucky grinned. “You know that’s not what I meant.”“I didn’t tell Nick.” She shrugged. “He found out anyway when the idiot decided to report me for unnecessary violence.” She made little quotation marks around ‘unnecessary’.Bucky laughed, too loud for the quiet bar, but he didn’t care. Natasha was grinning a little too, although she was trying to hide it by checking out her short nails. “Please tell me he shot him.”“I have no idea.” She smirked. “Although I did hear that he’s been relocated.” A pause. “Siberia is nice this time of year, right?”They’d been the only two Omegas on Nick Fury’s task force, a special ops programme within the army that answered only to the president and the joint chiefs. They’d been chosen especially for their skills. Natasha, who had defected from Russia when she’d met an unknown Alpha who lived in the States, for her uncanny ability to be able to beat the ever-loving shit out of people five times her size and Bucky for his skills with a rifle. He still held the world record for distance, although it wasn’t recorded anywhere. All the other members had been Alphas. Nick doted on her, in his own way, of course, and Bucky too – he had an Omega kid of his own somewhere, kept safely away from his job. People used to joke, when Bucky and Nat had shown up on operations, that the party favours had arrived. Even with the suppressants some guys were just dicks. It had been easier for Bucky. He didn’t look like an Omega. He was tall enough and broad enough that he looked like a Beta, even an Alpha, if he postured enough. On suppressants he was invisible, a Beta with a smart mouth and delusions of being an Alpha. Natasha had it harder. She was small and compact, but curvy enough to catch the eye. The Perfect Omega. In Russia they used that to their advantage, she’d been practically pimped out on ops, always a honeytrap. Nick put her on suppressants as soon as she hit American soil and she’d never been happier. Clint didn’t even mind, she’d told him one day, drunker than he’d ever seen her. Clint didn’t care she wanted to stop her heats, or that she wanted to be Beta. Clint just wanted her to be happy. Bucky had never met him (she kept their worlds very much apart) but he liked him.And there was a card in Bucky’s wallet. “So,” Natasha grinned, after drinking the drink that had been brought over by the server ‘from the gentleman at the bar’ just like Bucky had predicted. “Are you going to talk about it?”“About what?” He stalled, grinning back at her like a shark. He knew her ways. She’d even taught him some of them. “Your never-ending array of hairstyles? I saw you yesterday. You had a bob.”She flipped her hair over her shoulder and grinned. “Are you sure it was me?”“You flipped me the bird and shoved some poor unsuspecting dude w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
Boyfriend for Hire
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Scenting
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
No rape/non-con occurs
Date Rape Drug/Roofies
Asexual Character
Asexual Natasha Romanov
Asexual Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

