Work Text:
"No, don't wake up," he whispered, climbing into bed next to me and wrapping those lovely, long, strong arms around me.Me and my very pregnant belly.I wasn't very far along, but when one is carrying a Frost Giant, one begins to show - quite prominently - from early on, apparently.The Asgardian healers told me this was normal, but how could they know?  No one had ever birthed a Midgardian/Frost Giant hybrid - and on Asgard, to boot - before, and I knew they were "best guessing", but, the "giant" part definitely started early.  They were already planning to take the baby prior to full term - presumably before he or she split me open.  Loki really should have chosen a taller, more substantial type to bear his children, instead of falling in love with me, who barely reached his shoulder in four inch heels and weighs only a little more than half of what he does.Loki had, somewhat surprisingly, been an active participant in my prenatal care, too - aside from avidly attending every single weekly checkup - he maintained a spell cast over our unborn child that kept it from freezing me to death from the inside, which was always good, too.He was being so funny about my pregnancy - I was getting a strong vibe that he was developing a bit of a pregnancy kink - reveling in the changes to my body and how it changed me - the both of us, really, and our relationship - so fundamentally.He'd always been protective of me, but that was now heightened to an almost annoying degree.  I knew he watched over me even when he wasn't able to be with me - which, from early on in my pregnancy - became rarer and rarer.  He was almost always by my side with his arm around my waist, or holding me on his lap, or cradling me with his body in our bed, as he was now - nearly always touching me in some way, as if he could tell how I was doing by simple physical contact with me.And he craved other, much more intimate contact on a more frequent basis than even when we'd first met, which - to my total embarrassment - was something he asked the healers about every time - whether it might be detrimental to the baby for us to make love, but they always answered that as long as I was comfortable, it was fine.And that was a good thing, considering how often he was after me.  Luckily, pregnancy hormones seemed to do the same thing to me, and I was at least as hungry for him as he was for me.Like now.Even though he'd done his best not to awaken me, inserting himself beneath the sheets as quietly and carefully as he could, he was too near to me, too much of a distraction for me to be able to get back to sleep with him right behind me.With that hard, imposing length of him already instinctively seeking that which it craved, nestled, as it was, between my cheeks.Feeling a bit impish, I wiggled my bottom against him, and was rewarded by a guttural groan, feeling his cock jump and strain as his hips flexed forward automatically.I could hear how his teeth were clenched with the strain of holding himself back from taking me the way he wanted to as he hissed, "I'm trying to be good and let you sleep, my darling.  The baby is exhausting you so - "He wasn't wrong, but he'd already stirred my desires to a fever pitch by his mere existence.  I reached back and caught the nape of his neck, pulling him towards me and kissing the breath out of him with the sure and lethal skill of familiarity, leaving him panting heavily in my ear.  "I'd much rather it was you wearing me out instead . . ." I whispered, nipping his lower lip.Another moan, another generous dollop of moisture slickening my crease, readying me for his possession."You are a very naughty girl," he chided, hips following my lead in direct contrast to his words.  "You're just lucky that I can't spank you."I pouted.  "I don't know if lucky is the word I'd choose . . . "A long growl from behind me as his hands came down to still hips that had already broadened with his child, and that I was rolling back into him enticingly.  He tried again, bless him, to sweetly deter me from my fervent goal, worried, I knew, about my health even above that of our baby.  "My dearest one, you need to rest.  The baby is - ""The baby is making me horny, and me being horny is making you horny."  I reached down to remove one large, masculine hand from my swollen belly and place it on my breast, then inserted the long fingers of the other between my legs, whimpering and rubbing myself against it as it found its home.  "Please don't make me beg, husband.  But you know I will if you command me to."Loki was struggling with his dominant tendencies and what he saw as my further fragility in being pregnant. It had taken me a while to bring him around at the beginning of our relationship just because I was so much smaller than he and he was terrified of hurting me - but the effort had been more than worth it - but now he tended towards cosseting and coddling me more than being as firm and stern with me as he had been - with a genero
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Dominant Loki
Pregnancy Kink
Forced Pregnancy Talk
Milking Talk
Breeding
Forced Breeding Talk
D/s
Sex
NSFW

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

