Chapter 1: It Could Be Worse, It Could Be A Tail...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Hey kiddo,” Tony greeted Darcy as he waltzed into the small non-descript SHIELD office. He immediately owned the room, just as he did every room he walked into, even though the only things currently occupying the space were Darcy, a desk, a couple filing cabinets and an obviously plastic ficus.“Yo, Tony,” Darcy replied easily.“I like this whole naughty secretary look you’ve got going on here,” he mentioned, observing her from over his signature sunglasses, taking in her black pencil skirt and pinstriped vest over a white cap sleeved blouse. Her ever-present glasses and her bright red lipstick completed the illusion. “Why thank you,” Darcy said genuinely pleased by his compliment. As the junior SHIELD-Avengers liaison, she split her time between the SHIELD offices and AvengersTower, where Tony was used to seeing her, and where the dress code was far more casual. “It’s the new office look I’m cultivating. Check it out,” she added lifting one ankle to show off her new pumps. “Even my heels are pinstriped. Pepper helped me pick them out.”“Well Ms. Potts will never steer you wrong on the subject of footwear.”“Yes, she definitely is the consummate authority on the topic,” Darcy agreed. “So, what are you doing here?”“Don’t you know?” Tony returned her question. “You're Little Miss Liaison, shouldn’t you be liaisoning?” “Well, I know why I’m here, I just don’t know why you’re here,” she replied, trying to remember if there was anything on the team agenda that would bring Tony into the office today. She couldn’t think of anything, and that made her cranky. This was her job to know after all and she didn’t enjoy being out of the loop.“I’m here because Pepper called me from Rome this morning to tell me I had a Very Important Meeting at ten with Coulson that I was absolutely not allowed to blow off, and believe me the capitalization was implied,” Tony told her, dropping into the chair next to Darcy. “These chairs are ergonomically unacceptable,” he muttered, taking off his sunglasses and tucking them into an interior pocket of his suit jacket. “Why, are you here?”“I’m here,” she said bringing up the calendar on her work tablet to confirm that she knew nothing of Tony’s meeting, “because I have a ten o clock meeting with Coulson about the results of my blood test I had to get after I got bitten my Mr. Squeekers last week.”“What the hell is Mr. Squeekers?”“Oh, he’s one of Dr. Banner’s lab rats,” she answered absently, still distracted by her tablet. Not that Tony minded, his phone had been out from the moment he sat down.“You’re not going to try to convince me that Bruce named one of his lab rats Mr. Squeekers?” Tony looked up from whatever he was doing on his phone disbelievingly.“No, don’t be silly,” Darcy shot back.  “He insists on calling them by their trial numbers, even though I took the time to learn all their little ratty personalities and do him the favor naming them. Mr. Squeekers and Baron Von Fromage are my two favorites.”“Of course they are,” Tony deadpanned. “And Bruce never mentioned to you that it might be a bad idea to play with the possibly irradiated experimental rodents?”“Oh no, he told me a bunch of times,” Darcy admitted freely. “But Mr. Squeekers is just so cute with his fuzzy little ears. And he’s always been a complete sweetie, at least until the furry little jerk bit me last week.”“That rat bastard!” Tony shot back, unable to resist.“I know, right?” Darcy grinned at the pun, genuinely disappointed in herself that she hadn’t busted it out first. “But that’s why I’m here. It still doesn’t explain why you’re here for a meeting that I as your liaison did not set up for you. Or,” she blanched as the reasons for her own meeting suddenly caught up with her, “why they wouldn’t just tell me over the phone if everything is peachy with a side of keen, and why didn’t they call me up to medical if there was something wrong. Why am I meeting with Agent Coulson?”Tony frowned at the young woman across from him. She wasn’t exactly wrong. “Are you feeling okay? Not developing any weird symptoms or mutations? You’re not growing a tail are you?” he asked, tipping back in his chair, presumably to look for the aforementioned tail.“No, I’m not growing a tail!” Darcy exclaimed both hands flying to the back of her skirt, horrified at the thought of it. “And besides, if I was mutating they would have called Bruce, not you, don’t you think?” It was both a statement and a request for reassurance.“Right, I’m sure Coulson just overbooked himself,” Tony told her in what passed in his world for comforting. “In which case, I’m going first. I have an eleven o clock with some investors that I plan on skipping to play some one on one with Happy.”“This is Phil Coulson, Agent of SHIELD, we’re talking about,” Darcy interjected. “Do you really think he double booked a meeting?”“You have a po
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
and it's not as much of a surprise as it should be
putting the fun in dysfunctional family

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

