Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s one of the first really chilly nights of fall, the kind of night that casts scraggly fingers of bare tree branches across the full moon and makes Foggy think of hot cocoa and ghost stories.  He turns his collar up against the wind, hunches into it and moves a little faster on his way home.  He was the last one in the office, which is half a triumph and half a worry - a triumph because Karen actually leaving at quitting time is a sign that she’s on the road to recovery, a worry because he knows perfectly well what Matt left the office to do.He glances up at the thought, but there’s no sign of Daredevil bounding across the rooftops or shimmying up telephone poles or whatever it is he does.  Foggy’s never actually seen him in action save for some grainy security footage on the news.Which is probably a good thing.  The people who get to see Daredevil in action tend to be either criminals or victims.  Still, even after finding Matt in the mask, Foggy can’t quite picture it.He’s two blocks from home when someone steps out of the shadows and blocks his path.  Well, shit.“Franklin Nelson?” the guy says.  Well, double shit.  Someone asking for him by name is probably not going to be satisfied with just his wallet like the two times Foggy was mugged in the pre-Daredevil days.“Who’s asking?” Foggy asks warily, even though it’s such a gangster movie cliche that he feels like an idiot.  He tries to think positive - maybe he’s about to be handed a giant novelty check or something.  Maybe he’s about to be asked to join the Avengers!The guy steps closer and Foggy takes a hasty step back.  The stranger’s just a kid, really, but Foggy’s lived in Hell’s Kitchen too long not to know when someone means business.  And he’s probably not an Avenger.“Stay away from the Giacomo case,” the kid says.Foggy wishes he hadn’t turned his collar up, because now he’s sweating.  “Sorry, I can’t do that,” he says.  “Ms. Giacomo is my client.  I have a responsibility to her.”“Wrong,” the kid says, and - oh, fuck - pulls out a switchblade.  “Ms. Giacomo was your client.”Foggy takes another step back, shaking, hands up.  He’s ready to run but he knows he’s not faster than a skinny eighteen-year-old who probably does this all the time.  “Come on, man, you don’t have to do this.”“I do unless you drop the case,” the kid says, and he’s about to attack, Foggy can tell, awareness heightened and focusing on this one moment - - and Daredevil drops down between them with a growl.Foggy’s shocked momentarily speechless, which is probably good because it’s the only reason he doesn’t shout “MATT!” and then maybe start crying.  Matt’s facing the kid now, anyway.“You work for the Gulyas family,” he says.  His voice is in a lower register than usual, a rumble along his bass notes.  Foggy shivers, the sweat on his body starting to cool in the night air.“Man, fuck you!” the kid says, and - points for bravery - lunges at Matt, knife first.  Foggy’s breath catches in his throat as he stutters in place, torn between bolting from their attacker and trying futilely to help Matt.Matt barely seems to move, but suddenly the knife is clattering across the sidewalk, and the kid is grabbing his wrist and cringing.“You work for the Gulyas family,” Matt says again.  The calm in his voice doesn’t bode well; Foggy’s heard that note in class and in court, before Matt utterly destroys his opponent.  “Why did they send you after F-- after this man?”The kid turns to run - and Matt grabs him, hauls him back by his collar and slams him into the side of the nearest building.  His head hits the brick with an audible crack and Foggy winces.The kid droops, sinking to the ground, and Matt hauls him up again by his jacket, shaking him.  His head bobbles around like a hula girl on a truck driver’s dashboard.  He’s out cold.  “Wake up, I’m not done with you,” Matt snarls.  “Why are you after him?”He slams the kid into the wall again, which is going to do nothing except give him bruised shoulder blades to wake up to.  “Answer me!”“Ma - ”  Foggy catches himself, just in case there’s someone in earshot.  “Daredevil!  Stop!”Matt freezes, then drops the kid like he’s on fire and steps back.  It’s hard to read his expression in the mask, but there’s something in his posture that reminds Foggy of a dog that knows it’s been bad.  “I’m sorry,” he says, and that’s Matt’s pitch suddenly, Matt’s cadence.  “I didn’t, I didn’t ever want you to see - ”“Thank you for saving me, Daredevil,” Foggy says hastily, because he remembers Matt has a secret identity even if Matt doesn’t.  “I’m lucky that you happened by, especially since we’re total strangers.”Matt pauses, then straightens up.  “Right,” he says, moving closer, way into Foggy’s personal space.  “Are you all right?”His voice is back down in the Daredevil register.  The change is so abrupt Foggy can’t suppress another shiver.  “I’m fine.”Matt tilts his head.  He looks thoughtful like this, alert.  Focused.  “I’m just glad 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

