Work Text:
Sundays were great - they were the nights when he was scheduled shared patrol time with Spidey (not that he bothered showing up to scheduled patrols with anyone else). But Mondays, Mondays were the best.At some point, Spider-Man had lost his damn mind in the best way: he'd taken off his mask (fuck, he was even more gorgeous beneath his suit), given Wade his name (Wade still wondered if his middle initial was a 'P' just to complete the same alliteration he had in his own name), and invited him back to his home (a tiny but well-kept apartment in one of the worst neighborhoods of the city). All they did was eat and play video games before Peter kicked him out come sunrise, but Wade hadn't had a friend that wasn't the boxes since he'd become Deadpool. Probably. His memory was faulty at best, but he couldn't remember hanging with anyone else, which he'd definitely do if he had anyone else. Anyway, hanging with Petey was one of the coolest things ever.Then, one day, Wade had gone to raid Peter's fridge and turned around to find the (much) younger man splayed face-down on his bed. He was groaning and wriggling and sighing and Wade was really tempted to just walk over, get between those legs, and compose a sonnet for dat ass."What's swingin', webhead? Ya got the Invisible Woman naked under you or somethin'?"Peter rolled his head on his crossed arms to face Wade, his expression scrunched up adorably. (Yeah, that's right - Spider was both super hot and super adorable.) "Why would I have- No, I don't have the Invisible Woman naked under me. I got thrown into a wall like ten times. I might have speedier healing than most, but I'm still sore until it's done."

[Sounds like Spidey just needs to relax.]


{Pills are great for that.}


[Hands are too. Massage hands.]


{You have great massage hands probably.}
"You bet your sweet rectangles I do."Peter startled like he'd started to fall asleep. "What?""Hush up, Petey. Daddy's got some medicine for ya," Wade grinned behind his mask as he strode forward, stepped up onto the bed, and dropped to straddle the younger man's thighs.Spidey went tense immediately but didn't use any of his super-hot super-strength to throw Wade off him. Off to a great start. Wade placed his thumbs on the back of Peter's neck and curled his fingers loosely over surprisingly small shoulders to rest along collar bones he could break with the right pressure."Wade," Spidey said warningly, his entire body web-tense under Wade's fingers and thighs."Yeah, I figured your trust had to run out at some point," he said (but didn't move).After a few moment's pause, Peter sighed and the tension left his body by muscle group. It was super cool to watch."That's it, baby boy. Let daddy administer the healing."Peter tensed again but didn't speak, and Wade dug the pads of this gloved thumbs into the insanely tense muscles in the back of Spidey's neck. The body below him went taut, and then when he did it again (and again and again and again), suddenly Spidey exhaled an obscene moan and went lax. Grinning and careful to keep his dick from his friend's ass, Wade went to work.Every time he hit a new muscle, Peter moaned again, each one more breathless than the last until he was silent, ribs expanding and constricting in the even motions of someone fast asleep. Wade finished what he was doing (only just avoiding the glorious butt right in front of him) then sat back on his heels, in awe that someone had fallen asleep with him right there, in prime position for a kill (and/or some serious groping). And yet there Peter Parker lay.Wade kept watch over the vulnerable boy from the fire escape until his alarm went off a couple hours later. From the other side of the glass, he watched the way Peter stretched and then stopped with his arms extended above his head. Almost instantly, the younger man's face began to colour and he slapped a hand over his mouth, wrapping his other arm around himself. Wade wasn't sure what it meant, but he had a feeling it was good.A minute later, Spidey stripped right then and there before walking out of sight, and Wade had a ten minute argument with the boxes about whether or not he should go back in ({Don't cut off the one good foot you're on.} [You could just put him on his back instead. Spiders like that kind of thing, right?] {No.}). Before Petey had come back, Wade's phone rang for a job and he ran off to finish it before next Sunday.
In the beginning, it was a month before Spidey hurt himself badly enough for Wade to try another massage, and he wasn't sure if the younger man was more or less trepidatious than the first time, but Peter let him do it anyway. But then it happened again, and again, and again, until Monday Morning Massages were as much a tradition as Sunday Night Patrols. The fact that he got to put his hands on his crush every week was like heaven, and if he finished missions faster than usual to make sure he got back to New York in time for patrols with Spidey every week, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Canon Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Friends to Lovers
Anal Fingering
Dubious Consent
Daddy Kink
Somnophilia

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

