Chapter 1: Still Not Sure What I Stand For
    




Chapter Text
“Skinny hazelnut latte, venti,” Darcy recites when she gets to the front of the line. 
“Coming right up.” The barista accepts her handful of change with a kind smile. Darcy can’t quite bring herself to smile back, but she’s grateful for it all the same. ‘Elizabeth,’ the woman’s name badge reads. Elizabeth is going to make coffee happen, and in Darcy’s eyes that makes her a goddess.
Darcy tucks herself into a quiet corner of the crowded coffee shop to wait for her drink. The air is heavy with the soothing smell of freshly-ground coffee beans, and she inhales deeply. Her limbs are sluggish and her eyes gritty from lack of sleep—Jane’s couch is exactly as uncomfortable as it looks. She’s in dire need of caffeine, but a trip to Starbucks today was inevitable, regardless of her stimulant requirements. 
Normally she gets her phone out while she waits, thumbing through Facebook or Twitter as she laments the fact that humanity is still yet to invent the replicator, and that it’s going to take whole minutes for her order to be ready.
Today, she stares blindly at a scuffmark on the floor. 
She’s in no hurry this morning. Once she has her coffee, she’ll have no choice but to walk the last block to Stark Tower. Her job with Jane is still as awesome as ever, but being at work means talking to people and pretending she isn’t feeling wretched. It also means having to concentrate on the task at hand while trying to keep her personal problems crammed into a little box in the back of her mind.
JARVIS, Tony Stark’s A.I., would have her back, at least. He’s always happy to fulfil her odd requests. Maybe she could ask him to take Jane’s messages for the day, and to let her know when anyone was approaching her desk so she could sneak away before they got there. 
That still wouldn’t completely negate the need for human interaction, but at least she’d have a massive coffee to hide behind for the next couple of hours. Darcy always makes her latte last as long as possible, taking little sips and lingering over it until the dregs at the bottom are barely even tepid. She’s ordered the largest size, but that doesn’t mean she won’t be disappointed when it’s finished.
A massive, over-sweetened coffee is her go-to whenever life is getting her down. She always orders it with skim milk, though she has no idea whether it actually makes much difference to the calorie count of the syrup-laden beverage. She hears her mother’s voice in her head, regardless. ‘Now dear, those hips are wide enough already, don’t you think?’
Her mother is 900 miles away, but those words still dog her. On a good day, she crushes them under her heel and keeps walking, embracing her Marilyn Munroe curves, but today is more of a Roseanne Barr type of day. There’s no way she’s not having her goddamn coffee, though. 
“Venti skinny hazelnut latte for Darcy!” shouts the other barista. It’s the same lanky, bored-looking guy from yesterday, the one with dyed-black bangs that hang over one eye. He never smiles, apparently, but he makes a kick-ass latte.
She shuffles her way through the throng of patrons, mumbling, “Sorry,” every time her bulky shoulder bag accidentally jostles someone.
When Darcy finally gets to the counter, she claims her drink, wrapping both hands possessively around the tall cardboard cup. She takes a sip straight away, then winces as the scalding liquid sears the tip of her tongue. 
“Rookie mistake, Lewis. You know better than that,” she mutters to herself.
The drone of peak hour traffic fills her ears as she steps outside into a stream of briefcases and blank expressions. With a sigh, she starts the trudge to Stark Tower.
In less than a week, her relationship with her two super hot roommates has graduated from perfectly platonic to totally screwed up, and she didn’t even see it coming. She feels like her heart is being torn in half, and she doubts even JARVIS could formulate a solution to the mess she’s in.
 

One week earlier...

“I just had an awesome idea,” says Darcy, accepting another freshly washed dinner plate from Steve’s sudsy hand and drying it with a dish towel. Technically, she doesn’t have to help with the dishes tonight if she doesn’t want to. She was the one who cooked, and according to the ‘Steve Rogers’ Guide to Apartment Sharing,’ that grants her exemption from clean-up duty. There is, however, the matter of the minor food fight that broke out during the preparation of said meal, which she possibly initiated (reports vary on that particular detail) and definitely perpetuated. Darcy and Bucky only adhere to the ‘Steve Rogers’ Guide to Apartment Sharing’ about seventy percent of the time, anyway. 
“Oh yeah?” says Bucky. He’s down on one knee, sweeping up stray spirals of dry pasta with a dustpan and brush. “Is it as awesome as your idea to put a handful of pasta down my pants?” he asks drily.
“Even better,” she replies breezily. As much as he might like to pretend, he never ac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
OT3
Threesome - F/M/M
Darcy ships Stucky
what's a little threesome between friends

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

