Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In retrospect, it wasn't the brightest idea he'd ever had.The problem was, he was getting restless, and increasingly elaborate distractions he tried inventing for himself did nothing to alleviate boredom. At this time of year Jotunheim was still and silent, deep in the clutches of cruel winter, sharp and bright like a knife's edge. Loki hunted with his brothers, chased and killed nameless beasts lurking in stone forests. When he grew tired of blood and howling, he started playing pranks, innocent ones for the most part, anything to make a little bit of noise to break cold silence. His father seemed rather unimpressed. Laufey's displeasure gnawed at him, slowly, insidiously. He knew he was prone to recklessness when faced with his family's disappointment. He tried, tried so very hard to fulfill their expectations, to make up for his slight stature and strange features, to learn magic, to be useful. A good scion of the house of Laufey. Sometimes he thought he managed that. More often he knew it was all in vain. Laufey may have given him jewels and trinkets for his hair, cover his narrow shoulders with furs, praise the light of his magic, but under all this affection lurked something which found him wanting. These were the times where Loki thought that if only he dug hard enough, tear his skin apart and sink his fingers into bone and muscle, open his ribcage wide, he would find an emptiness, a void where his heart should have been. He should have been carrying a frozen piece of winter inside him, he should have found a way to be a good son, a good brother. Instead he had only pieces of magic, parlor tricks to confuse and deceive. He could lie, he could hurt, find words that cut and sliced to the bone, create worlds of illusion at his fingertips, cut into flesh with magic sharp as knives. None of these were real enough for him, not real enough for them.He tried nonetheless, tried to hide this gaping hole beneath his ribs. Maybe one day, under the green moon or in fleeting, pale sunlight, he would discover a way, a spell or a ritual, find the right offering for old forgotten gods. Maybe it never was about a heart at all, maybe the core of the problem run even deeper than his flesh. He did not know. It wasn't in his nature to sit idly and wait for answers, and he set forth on his own, with or without knowledge of his blood kin, only hoping they would never find out. Or maybe he hoped they would. Regardless of his reasons, no matter should be grave enough to forgo basic common sense and he seemed to have done exactly that. He had found out about a place, a secret place tucked into a remote corner of Asgard, where some forgotten warlord had hidden a treasure, heaps of gems and gold, weapons wrought with finest iron and magic. The riches were less important, though, than a chance of getting a foothold into Asgard. His informant was rather vague on the details, which really should have rung some warning bells, but Loki wanted very much to be the one to provide a tactical advantage. The war with the Aesir was a constant in his life, though after the last disastrous offensive so many years before which had cost them the Casket, it burned low and quiet. Without this major part of their power which the Casket represented even mighty Laufey seemed somehow diminished, if Loki would permit such a thought about his proud father. He knew he had no way to recover it, not yet, but a possibility of striking a blow against Odin, any blow, was simply too sweet to ignore.Now the sentiment seemed primarily embarrassing, Loki admitted to himself, huddling in the corner of his cell. There was a war inside his skull. At least it felt like that, raging across planes of his mind, trampling the beginnings of thoughts and loose strands of seidr into mud. He knew, intellectually, that it was merely a remnant of the blow which rendered  him unconscious and unpleasant side-effect of his chains, which also held his magic. Also, it was hot. Loki was no stranger to warmer worlds, walked them often in his endless travels, but never before was he forced to endure it for so long and in such closed quarters. Every breath was an effort. They took his weapons, took amber shards he kept woven into his hair, took his rings and bracelets and finely crafted golden chains which adorned his horns. He would be furious, if only splitting headache would permit such sentiments. If they wanted him dead, they would have killed him on the spot. Considering that he still drew breath, they must have wanted him for something. He would have thought information, or maybe for ransom. Or they wanted him tortured.He was too tired and in too much pain to be able to worry about it too much. Sleep came unbidden, but a relief nonetheless.*
 Thor shoved another stuttering sentry aside and continued walking down the hall as if nothing happened. If only he knew that this day would turn out like that, he would never bother to get out of bed in the morni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Norse Mythology - Freeform
Jötunn Loki
Angst
Romance
Family

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

