Chapter 1: Perfect
    


Notes:
Based on Perfect by One Direction, from the album Made in the AM




Chapter Text
Darcy hated these parties. Reed Richards insisted on everyone dressing up, she knew nobody but the Scientists Three, and once people realized she exactly zero influence, scientific knowledge, and/or money, conversations tailed off very fast. The only ones who kept talking seemed unable to look her in the eye. It was enough to make a good girl start tossing back champagne. Or, as was the case tonight, park herself beside the buffet, stuffing her face and people-watching.
Across the room, another figure stood apart from the crowd of scientists, patrons, and poseurs. She couldn’t make out any features, but the posture screamed “leave me alone” louder than words. People would approach, and be firmly rebuffed. Some of the drunker women, and some men, tried for longer, but none managed to engage him in conversation for long.
Curious, and emboldened by the champagne, Darcy grabbed a plate of canapés and started making her way around the edges of the throng. She edged closer, keeping him in her peripheral vision, because if she looked at him directly, she’s sure she’d chicken out. Before she knew it, she’s next to him and offering him the platter.

“Would you like a shrimp avocado roll? Richards’ parties suck but the food is decent.”

His posture didn’t change, but his tone is conversational, rather than confrontational. “Do you know how many of Richard’s parties I’ve had to endure, waiting for you?”
Whoops. “If it helps, I’ve had the exact same problem. Sooo… What do we do now? I’m getting pretty tired of these shindigs.”
She can hear the smile in his voice. “We could go raid a minibar and charge it to Richards’ account.”
“He’s so rich he wouldn’t even notice.”
“Doesn’t mean it wouldn’t be fun.”
“We could heckle Richards, see how long it takes for us to get thrown out.”
“Drawing attention isn’t really my forte.”
“I kinda got that…We could skinny-dipping in the pool,” she offered.
“You just want to see me naked,” he accused.
“Damn straight."
"I don't think this convention centre has a pool."
“Dammit. We could go for a joyride in one of these fancy-schmancys’ cars. They’d never even notice.”
“We could avoid a minor felony and borrow my buddy’s motorbike, go see the sights around here.”
“Are there any sights around Malabami? Malib- Malibu. Crap.”
“Maybe not the minibar then.”
“You have a better idea?”
“We could glitterbomb Richards’ room.”
She’s outraged. “Think of the cleaning staff! We could glitterbomb Richards.”
“Have you seen what he’s wearing? I don’t think it’d make a difference.”
Her lips twitch. “The man’s a peacock, strutting about for socialites who have no idea what he does.”
“We could stage a kidnapping, give them some idea.”
“If you carry off any other female, I’m never talking to you again.”
His teasing tone turns suddenly serious. “I’m not exactly a knight in shining armour.”
“No, it’s just your arm that’s shining. Y’know what? Just ignore what I’m saying because I’ve obviously got zero filter on my mouth.”
He turns, smiles. “Doll, you sound just about perfect to me.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Songfic
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
WinterShock - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

