Chapter 1



Notes:
Now bated so some changes




Chapter Text
Stiles is just about out the door when he hears the phone ringing. He lets it ring a couple of times to figure out if he should answer it. He sighs to himself and finally decides to answer it. “What,” he says as if he's in a rush.“Nice to hear your voice too, little brother. What's got you in a rush?”He smiles as he hears the voice of his big brother, Tony, a voice he only hears once in a while. “Oh my gosh it's you I can't believe you're calling me tonight hang on isn't it the night you're meant to be getting some sort of award again?” He says in one long breath.“Stiles, breathe and shut up will you. Yes, I have the award and while I will not call you, your about to start school tomorrow, right? Besides I'm off tomorrow, you know that right? And maybe I just wanted to talk to you before I go.”It hits Stiles that his big brother is going off to a war zone tomorrow and he's nervous as hell.“That's right, you are, but what if you don't come back? What if I lose you, I can't  l-l-lose another family member.” He says as he tries to keep his panic in check.“Stiles, breathe, come on. Count down with me. Come on, you can do it. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six...” Tony says calmly.“T-thanks,” says Stiles.“Stiles, I will be fine. I'm just showing some high ups some new weapons and then I will be right back. Do I need to call your dad, will you be all right?” “Yeah, I'm fine. I'm about to go see him soon anyway. Just say safe and in contact okay? I can't lose you.”“And you won't, okay? I love you too much to leave you. Love you kiddo, be kind to your dad.”“Love you too, Anthony”He hangs up the phone and looks at the clock. He decides it's the best time to wake up his best friend.-“Stiles, what the hell man. Why are you creeping outside my bedroom window?”“Couldn't sleep. Was wandering around hoping you would go for a walk with me.” Stiles says as he can see the thoughts going though Scotts brain.He loves Scott he does, he loves how he can be himself and not have to hide how smart he is. He also loves the fact that Scott can't tell when he is keeping a secret. Like why he goes to LA each summer or sometimes New York. “I was hoping to get a good night sleep before school. Not everyone is smart like you or Tony Stark.” Stiles' heart skips a beat when he mentions Tony and him being alike, but he can't know, right? He was careful, right?“Yeah, right, I'm nothing like Tony Stark. Why would you say that? Oh my gosh, you're crazy. Besides, you have me to help you with your grades. Come on.”Scott finally gives in and goes inside to get his shoes  “You're right, I guess. Just nothing stupid tonight, okay?”“Scottie, you hurt me. I would never do anything stupid.” He says. He can see Scott roll his eyes.Stiles leads the way towards the woods and can see Scott panicking. He's unsure why, until he sees his dad and the other police officers.“Dad, what's going on here, why are you out so late? You should be home.” He looks his dad in the eye. He may not be Stiles' real dad, but he does not care, the love they both had was enough.“I could ask you the same question, but then I remembered what is happening tomorrow and I knew you would be out. Just do me a favour and walk the block. The woods are a crime scene right now.” He nods to his dad, takes Scott and leaves for home.“What's going on tomorrow?” Scott asks after seeing the panic in his best friends eyes.“Nothing, just school. I'm too hyped up to sleep,” he replies and feels his phone go off.He quickly checks it to see who the text is from.ANTHONY: Jarvis tells me your not at home on a school night dont  know if I should be proud or worried????STILES: Dont worry cant sleep so out 4 walk be safe okNot realising where they are going, the boys keep walking. They only stop when Scott falls over and gets his leg stuck. Unable to get it out, Stiles decides to get help, leaving Scott all alone. He doesn't see the big red glowing eyes in front of him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Tony/Pepper
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Stiles and tony brothers
bitten Scott
Iron Man - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Alive Laura Hale
Nice Jackson

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Tony/Pepper
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

