Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
A peal of laughter escapes from Loki’s mouth as Thor catches him about the waist and hoists him through the air. They twirl around in a circle, and once Thor sets him down on the ground, Loki launches himself at his older brother and succeeds in knocking him down to the ground. The little god perches triumphantly from his position on top of Thor.
“Pinned you,” he declares with a smile on his face and twinkle in his eye.
Thor chuckles good naturedly and clasps a hand to Loki’s shoulder. “That you did.”
Loki slides off his brother and lies down next to him to gaze at the sky. After a few minutes of content silence in which they both observe the clouds in the Midgardian sky, Loki elbows Thor in the side. “This has been most enjoyable.”
Thor’s gut clenches at the simple statement. He also enjoys these moments with his brother. They are chances to rebuild the relationship that he had thought was lost to him for so long. Unfortunately, Thor is the only one to see it that way. Every one still views the reborn trickster as a threat to be constantly reviled. Loki is avoided at best. At worst, he has few allies to come to his aid. He wants to be at Loki’s side to protect him from those who mean him harm, but he cannot always be there. The Warriors Three had only vowed to watch his younger brother out of an obligation to Thor rather than any sort of devotion to the younger prince, and though Stark has allowed them both into his tower, the other Avengers gave them a wide berth on their initial visit. He wishes that there would be people who would defend his brother based on who he is now.
“Aye and I am sure that the others would be glad to partake in such festivities.”
Loki tenses at his side, and Thor curses himself for making it sound as if he was ready to pass him off to his Midgardian teammates. In Thor’s absence, the various members of the Avengers are to look after Loki as he stays in the tower.
He grasps Loki’s much smaller hand and squeezes it affectionately. “None so much as me of course,” he reassures with a smile. Loki does not return the look and keeps his eyes on the blue sky above them.
“Your Midgardian allies are strange,” finally comments the young trickster.
“They are good warriors. Honorable men and women,” adds the thunder god.
Loki faces his brother with a scrutinizing look before returning his gaze to the sky. “We shall see about that.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Kid Loki
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Bonding
Pedophilia
Kidnapping
Trauma

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Loki & Avengers Team

