Work Text:
“Father, I want to fight!” Loki said again, feeling like they had been having the same argument since Loki was old enough to speak his own mind. “Thor is already out there fighting with his people and I’m older than him! I should be out there too.” Laufey didn’t even bother looking up from his desk and the map sprawled across it, held in place at each corner by a full inkwell. “You are not fighting,” Laufey stated simply. “One bite from a werewolf and you’re dead.” “But one bite from me and they’re dead too!” Loki argued back, hating the fact that his father had so little faith in him that he did not even consider Loki’s potential deadliness in return. “I will not have my only son fighting!” Laufey snapped, finally turning to pin Loki with his gaze, icy fury in his eyes. “You don’t need to pretend to care,” Loki huffed. “I know you’re just worried about me embarrassing you or slowing down your army.” “You’re not going,” Laufey said with finality, not even attempting to disprove Loki’s claim. Loki wasn’t surprise that he didn’t make the attempt; by now he knew that he was unwanted. The only reason he was still allowed to stay in the palace was because he was all Laufey had left of Loki’s mother. Vampires already tended to struggle bringing a pregnancy to term without damage to the baby or mother, but Loki had been told that his mother was particularly frail. Realizing that there was nothing Loki could accomplish by beginning the argument again other than receiving his father’s wrath, Loki turned on his heel and stalked out of the room. The servants left him alone as he swept by in the direction of his room; they knew by now to not disturb him after being in conference with his father. Silently fuming, Loki entered his room and pulled on his comfortable travel clothes. There was still a bit of winter’s chill in the air as spring crept into the trees but that did not concern him. However, Loki did know that in his current mindset he would be running quickly and without any thought to his attire, meaning that he had to wear more sturdy clothes than what he wore around the palace to make sure the fabric didn’t get ruined and shredded by passing tree branches. Once he was dressed properly he headed through the halls again, keeping to the back routes to avoid the bustle of soldiers rushing through the halls. Laufey’s army would be heading out tomorrow at dusk in retaliation to a bridge Odin’s men had taken over a fortnight ago. Loki almost rolled his eyes as he thought about the ongoing feud. He was told the werewolves were cunning and vicious – though he had never gotten an opportunity to meet one personally since Laufey kept him locked away in the palace. But even though werewolves could be bad, Loki couldn’t understand why the two sides failed to agree on a truce. The war had been going since before Loki was born and he was honestly growing tired of it. When he heard that a new battle would be fought over this bridge or that tower it felt to him like a childish argument requiring a time out. Of course he was probably also bitter about the whole war since he was kept on the sidelines, forced to stay out of things and gain a terrible reputation of being a coward by his own people. This thought pushed Loki onward as he slipped out of the palace and through the gates. The guards watched him go silently, accustomed to his nightly runs when he got too angry to do anything else. Loki started at a sprint for a few miles while he remained in their range of hearing, not needing them to know that he had more than a nightly sprint planned. As soon as he was sure he was out of hearing range he broke into a run, wind roaring in his ears. He turned towards the mountains as he ran, barely noticing the slight sting whenever a branch briefly sliced his cheeks or hands before he healed. Tonight Loki’s goal was the low valley that ran between the two mountain ranges, which had been designated as neutral territory by both clans. Normally Loki stayed well away from the border, knowing he would have to return to the palace in a reasonable time without arousing suspicion. Tonight he didn’t care. He knew he would probably return to the palace sometime but it was not a high priority for him. Laufey would be too busy making final preparations and talking to the general leading this army before they headed out in the next day; he wouldn’t care enough to see when his son came home. This wasn’t the first time Loki had been to the valley; he had even snuck into wolf territory a few times with the intention of trickery or observation, though he had never encountered a wolf so close to the border. It took nearly an hour of straight running for Loki to approach the base of the mountains, his pace slowing slightly as he began tackling the incline. There were a few paths cut out of the brush by other animals – deer and foxes making trails – but most of the time Loki had to make his own path, fighting the branches and underbrush as he co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Werewolves
Vampires
Werewolf Sex
Vampire Sex
Alternate Universe - Supernatural
Romance
Bonding
Mating
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Life Bonds
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Forbidden
Forbidden Love
Knotting
Claiming
Marking
Scents & Smells
Anal Sex
Frottage

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

