Work Text:
I am very honored to have two amazing artists who contributed to this story. I am so in love with their art, and I hope you will be, too. To Xy and Tripp: thank you both so very much! I am in awe of your talent, and incredibly grateful that you shared it with me.You can see Tripp's art here on LJ.You can see Xy's art here on Tumblr



Part I:  A revelation in the light of day
 The reception was in full swing by the time the wedding party arrived at the ballroom. The picture-taking seemed to have lasted forever, and if the applause for the returning group was a little more enthusiastic than was warranted, it was probably only because everyone was tired of picking at little appetizers, and ready for the four-course dinner promised on the invitation.Steve stood by the bar, nursing the same drink he had been holding for the past twenty minutes. He watched as they came in one by one, announced by the band's lead singer. Natasha Romanoff, stunning in an ice-blue sheath that left little to the imagination, accompanied by a groomsman so unremarkable that Steve was embarrassed to admit he could not remember the guy's name. The parents of the groom, a cute little old couple who wore the slightly shellshocked expressions of two people who couldn't quite believe where they were, or how they had gotten there. The mother of the bride, beaming with pride as she walked in. The man who had given the bride away, grinning widely, holding out his arms and almost bowing to the crowd, completely in his element for those moments when he was the center of attention. And then the newlyweds at last, Pepper and Harold Hogan.Steve joined in the applause. He would never have imagined they would fall in love, but it had happened, and there was no denying how happy they were together. Even Tony, who feigned jealousy from time to time, had said once that he had never seen Pepper glow the way she did when she was with Happy.Pepper and Happy had reached the head table now. There was some more applause, then everyone sat down – for about ten seconds. Then people were up on their feet again, some moving to another table to talk to a friend, while some waited for their chance to hug the bride. Still others took advantage of the chance to head over to the bar and get a drink.Steve pretended an interest in the watered-down contents of his glass and raised it to his lips so he could peer over the top of it and study the man headed his way. The glass hid his smile. "Way to be subtle there.""What? And miss an opportunity to make yet another grand entrance? Have you met me?" Tony rapped his knuckles on the bar. "Scotch."Steve continued to lean against the wood at his back, his gaze on the people milling about the ballroom. "Did anyone ever tell you how sexy you look in a tux?""Lots of them, actually." Drink in hand, Tony turned around to stand beside him, one elbow crooked back on the bar, just barely touching Steve's arm."Well, have I ever told you how sexy you look in a tux?"Tony grinned wickedly. "Why, Captain America, are you coming on to me at my own employee's wedding? Honestly, have you no shame?"A couple months ago, Steve would have flushed at such a pointed question. Tonight he just lifted one shoulder in a studiously casual shrug. "I guess not.""I've taught you well then," Tony said, and knocked back his drink.Steve just chuckled and shook his head.They stood there for a moment, watching as Pepper worked the crowd, Happy in tow. He looked a bit dazed, like he still couldn't believe his good fortune. She was radiant in white silk. "They're good together.""Yeah," Tony said. He shifted his weight subtly so he was no longer touching Steve's arm.Steve risked a glance at him, then looked away again. It bothered him that he had to pretend like this, but that was just how it was. The world simply wasn't ready yet for a Captain America who loved another man. Maybe it never would be."Well," Tony said. He set his empty glass down on the bar. "As the father figure at this glorious event, I have certain obligations to my guests. Such as getting obnoxiously drunk and providing entertainment for all and sundry." He grinned again, but this time it didn't quite reach his eyes. Somewhere between ending their physical contact and putting his drink down, he had donned his public persona again, the version of Tony Stark that most of the world knew – or thought they knew.There were times when Steve could almost hate that man, the Tony Stark who charmed and sleazed his way through life with a grin and a pat response to everyone and everything. But not tonight. He knew their own happiness depended on that man's performance to keep the ever-watchful public eye off them and focused on where it belonged – the newly-married couple."I'll see you later," he said quietly.Tony barely nodded as he made his way back into the glittering ballroom, opening his arms for an airy kiss and an embrace from a woman dressed in shimmering black satin.Steve sighed and turned
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
So many Civil War feels
Angst
616 universe
Cap-Ironman Big Bang 2012
Civil War (Marvel)
Civil War
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

