Work Text:
Bucky missed the great feast and the sorting of the new students, something he looked forward to every year and was expected to attend as the Head of Hufflepuff house, because two of his best students had arrived early with questions about their NEWTS.It was going to be a tough year, and his Advanced Arithmancy class was already full. He’d had to turn away anyone without Exceeds Expectation and Outstanding – when the last three years he’d been able to squeeze in those with Acceptable too. Technically that was good news, but he still felt bad when he’d had to sit those who’d selected it and told them they hadn’t made it. He wasn’t the only professor with full classes that year – it seemed that the kids were getting more and more worried about the job market out there. It seemed unlikely that you’d get offered a job right out of school anymore – and Gringotts was expecting at least E in Advanced classes for their trainee curse breakers.Natasha, DADA teacher and his best friend on the staff, was also struggling to keep her classroom from overflowing. She’d been at the Great Hall for the feast and promised him that she’d told the house elves to keep him a plate back as he carefully discussed the course requirements with his students. He worried that they’d taken on too much, and told them as much, but Peter just shrugged. He was taking 6 advanced classes, not including the electives of Magical Theory and Muggle Music, which Bucky personally thought was a bit much.“Peter, just because you’re head boy doesn’t mean you need to prove a point, you know that right?” He said, looking at the class lists that Peter was trying to juggle. “When I was head boy I only took one elective and I still got accepted into the teaching programme at the Ministry of Education.” He picked up the scroll and looked over it again. “And you’ve already got an E in Alchemy; you don’t need to take it this year again.”“But I need an O to get into the Theoretical Medicine at St Mungos.” Peter told him, looking a little frayed around the edges. Poor kid, Bucky thought – classes didn’t even start for two days and already Peter was spread too thin.“Okay, Pete,” Bucky said, leaning back. “Drop Muggle Music, you don’t need it, you’re already learning more from the radio you’ve managed to charm into picking up the Top 40 – and no, I do not want to know how many rules you broke getting past the barriers put in place to stop that,” Bucky said, holding up his hand. “And I already know that Gwen is being real quiet about it because she’s managed to get wifi in the Ravenclaw girls dorms so they can watch Netflix.”It had been Natasha who told him about that, how the girls had managed to get a hold of enough Muggle tech to get a signal. “I’m seriously thinking she should have been Slytherin.” Natasha had sighed, when the teachers had found out. “I’d do anything to get onto my emails through term.”Gwen had the decency to blush a little, but good for her; she didn’t try to justify it. The kids a few years back had managed to get it to work in the Room of Requirement, but Gwen and her friends were the only ones who’d tried it within the actual dorms. Kid were getting smarter all the time when it came to Muggle Tech. Soon Bucky wouldn’t be able to keep up with them.“But-”“But nothing.” Bucky said, handing the scroll back. “If you both drop Music you can come to the after-hours class I’m doing, and that’ll free you up for your Advanced Divination.” Bucky explained, and both Gwen and Peter slumped like a massive weight had been taken off of their shoulders. “It might be after hours, guys, but I still expect you to show up and I expect homework and attendance to be at the same level as my main class, you hear me?”“Thank you Professor Barnes.” Gwen said, grinning hugely, as she gathered up her scrolls. She was going to go far, Bucky knew. Coulson was so proud that one of his students was Head Girl – almost as proud as Bucky was over having Peter wear that Head Boy badge.“No worries.” He said, leaning back. “Now scram, you might still make it to the feast before pudding shows up.”“Will you be at the tryouts for the team this year, Sir?” Peter asked as they gathered up their scrolls and put them into their bags. “I heard that David is looking for a new Chaser since Danielle left last year.”“Have I ever missed a tryout?” Bucky grinned, getting to his feet. “Although I’m going to strongly suggest that with your class load, getting on a broom would be a bad idea.”Peter grinned. “No way, sir,” he laughed. “I’ve got a poster made for Noh-Var. He’s going to try out for the Montrose Magpies when he finishes this year.” Peter grinned as they headed towards the door. “Might even make the Scottish National Team!”
 Bucky was half way through the plate that the house elves had brought him when Natasha wandered into his classroom. “Well, you missed Fury scaring the hell out of the newbies.” She said, robes hardly making a sound as she moved. Bucky had a sneaking idea t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
First Kiss
First Meetings
Alternate Universe - Hogwarts
Alternate Universe - Teachers
Magic-Users
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny Steve
Bisexual Male Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

