Work Text:
Tony had been born and grew up in the public eye. Everybody who did not live under a rock knew who he was and what he was and admired him for it. 
He was born the only child of one of the richest and most brilliant men in the world, the person who helped create Captain America and the atomic bomb, the CEO and namesake of Stark Industries—only the most successful military defense contractors in the world—and the ever-charming Howard Stark. His mother, Maria Carbonell, a socialite of epic proportions, could get an audience with even the prickliest of European royalty at the drop of the hat and had a beauty that rivaled any Hollywood actress’s.
Tony grew up to be one of the greatest prodigies in history, surpassed only by a handful of people. He was a technological genius and invented a great many things of which included the world’s first working AI. He graduated from MIT at eighteen and earned his first doctorate at the age of twenty. He was also the budding head of Stark Industries R&D division, a position that held such influence in the scientific world that any of its heads were poised to win a Nobel Prize for any significant invention—and several had. He commanded grudging respect and attention from the scientific and business worlds for his achievements and consequently, everywhere else. He was destined to be one of the most perfect beings on Earth: rich, beautiful, powerful and intelligent.
But Tony Stark was far, far from perfect.
At twelve, he got drunk for the first time, at fourteen, had his first taste of drugs of the notorious kind and lost his virginity (in the same night). At sixteen, he lost his second virginity to the son of one of MIT’s resident engineers, by eighteen, had steadily built himself a reputation for being a lackadaisical playboy and substance-user. At nineteen, he lost his mother to a car crash and promptly entered a stage of clinical depression.
His behavior was not unusual for any rich teenager, especially those in his social circles, nor was the catalyst for such behavior. The papers, writers, artists and every damned person in the world would scream “poor little rich boy” at him, but none would understand the way it felt when his father ignored him, criticized him, ridiculed him the way he had done ever since Tony could remember. He’d give his damned hardest just to be heard, just to be praised, to be loved, but Howard Stark did not have time for Tony’s “nonsense”; all he had time for was Stark Industries.
Stark Industries and every other fucking floozy that smiled his way.
……………
Tony hid his wince as his father glowered dangerously at him, slamming one hand violently against the wall beside Tony’s head. Instead, he met his gaze evenly, calmly, confidently even as Howard’s other hand came up to press against the wall beside Tony’s other ear, trapping the younger man in the space between. Really, he need have only held his glare to pin Tony to the spot.
“What are you playing at, Tony?” he hissed, angry, confused, alarmed. Tony clenched his hands into fists. This was the culmination of months of observation, practice and application. This one moment would either get him what he wanted or would ruin him in his father’s eyes completely, but Tony was nothing if not accurate—he was mighty fucking sure he would get what he wanted. “Don’t think I haven’t noticed what you’re doing,” Howard practically spat. “But why are you doing it? What are you hoping to get from it?” There was a tense silence that Tony had to fight himself to break with the words he had long since wanted to tell his father.
“Because I want you to notice me,” Tony answered with determination, with every hurt he felt from his father’s neglect. “Because you pay more attention and give more praise in one night to those whores you bring home than you’ve ever given me my entire life.” Howard started to falter and move away, and Tony knew that if he did, this would get buried so deep, he’d lose the opportunity to address it forever. He grabbed the front of his father’s shirt and switched their positions, pressing Howard against the wall; at twenty four, he was old enough, tall enough, strong enough that Howard, fifty two, would seriously have to fight him to get away. “All my life, I’ve tried to follow your footsteps, do your bidding, be the kind of son I think you want just so I can hear you say that I’ve done a good job. I’ve built robots at the age of five, graduated MIT at eighteen, designed you weapons that have the US Military think the sun shines out of your ass and yet every day you tell me that I’m not good enough, that I disappoint you. Well, dad, I’m pretty sure that you’d appreciate me better if I were one of your whores.” 
Then Tony pressed his mouth against Howard’s and held on as the older man flailed against him. But Tony was well practiced and he knew how to kiss and he knew how Howard liked to kiss because he had done his research, and soon the resistance lessened, though the tension did not. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent/Child Incest
Daddy Kink

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark

