Work Text:
- Past - 
A man in a nice suit sits down in front of him and explains his options to him. Clint didn't plan to get arrested for something he didn't do, and he didn't plan to be one of the bad guys simply because stuff went wrong in his life over and over again. The man smiles blandly, indulgently when Clint says he just wanted to be a hero like Iron Man (Ten years later, he will overhear a conversation where the same man tells one of his junior agents, 'The worst ones all have a cover story, something they believe in that makes it work for them somehow. When you're to bring in someone SHIELD needs because they are a good assassin and they tell you all they wanted to do is be a good guy, be like Iron Man, just smile and nod. Just never make the mistake of believing them.').
The man asks him to join SHIELD, and Clint says yes. 
He meant the part about wanting to be one of the good guys. He thought they meant the part where they said they'd help him with that. 
 
“I'm Agent Coulson”, another man in a nice suit says to him. This one brings coffee and donuts. Clint appreciates that – it makes this strange supersecret organisation appear a lot more human, and the powdered sugar on the desk is something that Clint recognises (they explain guns and rifles and more guns to him. He's a quick study, and he learns to use them well enough, but he never quite figures out why they give him this look between confusion and disappointment when he doesn't smile as they hand him more and more deadly weapons. This isn't something he is familiar with, this way of life that disregards life this much. He wonders if he's being naive, or old-fashioned. He supposes he must be one or the other, and asks for his bow back). Agent Coulson looks harmless and smiles pleasantly, so Clint knows he's anything but harmless, and probably anything but pleasant as well. He'll have to watch out for that one. “I'm Agent Barton”, he says, tries the title on with the name, but it doesn't sound right. Yet. They tell him it's only a matter of time before the guns and the kevlar become second nature. He's not sure how he feels about that. 
“I know”, Agent Coulson says, and “I've been assigned as your handler.” Clint nods and takes the coffee, folds his hands around the paper cup. He knows what his last handler did when you didn't smile at the new weapons and stopped to sleep. He wonders if there are forms for that sort of thing, and how many of those have been filed. He wonders if it's just him, or if SHIELD has a way with people, making sure that at the end of the day everyone smiles.
He wonders if saying yes was a mistake. 
 
For the first week, Coulson just brings coffee, points out mistakes in his reports, asks him to clarify specifics or voice requests for uniform and weapon modifications. There is no shouting and no being dragged to psych to be 'fixed, because I can't have someone like you on the next mission, Agent'. There are new arrows, and new bows, and traces of powdered sugar on Coulson's left sleeve which he dabs at with an annoyed expression. That is something Clint smiles at. 
At the end of the week, Clint says, 'My last handler dumped me because he said I was bound to become a liability sooner or later and he didn't want it to happen on his watch, and psych thinks I can't be fixed but need to talk to them about it anyway and continue to do things that give me more nightmares. So what have you done to deserve being assigned to me, Agent Coulson?'
Coulson looks at him for a long time. Then he says 'I made Level Six, which means I get to pick my own assets from the best SHIELD has to offer.'
 
The next mission is a complete success, and Clint gets a commendation. His last handler congratulates him and apologizes for what he said, since 'Apparently Coulson managed to make an assassin out of you after all'. Clint makes it through debrief and gets the next day off, as a reward. 
He's through the fourth cycle of nightmares and the second glass of whisky when Coulson overrides the security protocols for his door six hours later. Coulson is the second last person he wants to see (the last being the guy he shot on this mission, and the Hydra scientist he shot on the last one, and everyone before that whose face he can remember, all conflated into one person for the convenience of his nightmares), so he is a bit ruder than he has clearance for when he tells his handler to fuck off. 
Coulson doesn't call him out on it (even though he could, because he's already talked himself into two disciplinary actions within ten minutes), but he also doesn't leave. Eventually, Clint folds, pours Coulson a glass, and lets him sit next to him as he continues to stare at the wall. 
 
It becomes a routine, after good missions, after bad missions, on regular Tuesday nights, on most weekends. Eventually, Clint starts to talk. Eventually, Coulson starts to sit a little closer to him, and there may be a hand on his shoulder, around his shoulder. 
There is a ni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Coercion
PTSD
Fix-It
Temporary Character Death
Angst
Get Together
Established Relationship
Non-Graphic Violence
Backstory

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

