Work Text:
Bucky stepped out of the Stark Tower elevator, a six pack in one hand and his other hand - his left hand - stuffed into his jacket pocket, clenched so tightly he wouldn’t be surprised if the metal was denting.The lights of their apartment were dimmed and outside, the skyline was lit up against the backdrop of night. On the couch, Steve was slouched comfortably in a pair of flannel pajama bottoms and a white tank, waiting for him to get back. The remote was in his hand and he was scrolling through their shared Netflix account with a small frown on his face. Bucky knew that frown well; he was having a hard time choosing what to watch.And he looked good. Relaxed and comfortable the way he never was around the others. He tried so hard to be the Captain for his teammates, be the legend they all grew up hearing about. But here, in their apartment, he never tried to be anything other than Steve Rogers. ‘Cause Steve was always the one that Bucky liked best.A huge bowl of freshly made popcorn sat on the coffee table in front of him, its scent filling the air, and beside it was a half-eaten bag of chips. Bucky set the beer next to them and shrugged off his jacket, tossing it in the seat of the recline across the room.“The store busy?” Steve asked, looking away from the television screen to study Bucky’s face.It was his way of asking what had taken Bucky so long. Not uncalled for, really, since Bucky should’ve been back twenty minutes ago.“Something like that,” Bucky replied.He flopped down on the couch, slouching into the corner opposite of Steve, sprawling comfortably. Steve was still looking at him, watching him, waiting for more. With his metal fingers, he gestured for Steve to come closer.“C’mere, you big lug,” he said, though it was unnecessary.Steve started moving as soon as he saw the gesture, scooting across the couch and crawling over the leg Bucky had stretched across the cushions. He ended up sitting between Bucky’s thighs, leaning back against his chest.Burying his nose behind Steve’s ear, Bucky closed his eyes and took a slow, deep breath. As his scent filled Bucky’s lungs, as the world narrowed down to Steven Grant Rogers, the tension finally began to drain from his body. His heartbeat finally slowed, dropping to its normal pace rather than the uptick of mild panic that had threatened to overwhelm him for the small eternity it took to get back here. He was only vaguely aware of his flesh arm wrapped around Steve’s chest, holding him close, but he felt Steve’s hand resting over it, fingers rubbing soothing circles into his skin as he held perfectly still for Bucky.Now, Bucky’s memories were pretty touch-and-go. Foggy, fuzzy, faded; whatever word suited best. They were there, even if he usually didn’t realize that he remembered something until the situation came up. But he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that they never used to touch like this. This was too intimate.He didn’t care. Steve was his anchor, his life raft. The only thing keeping his head above water against the maelstrom of memories and emotions that sometimes threatened to overwhelm him. Steve, he felt, was the very foundation upon which Bucky’s sanity had been built.Maybe not the healthiest way to cope. But it worked for him and Steve, at the very least, didn’t seem to mind that his best friend needed to cling to him like a limpet in order to calm his racing mind. In fact, some days Bucky thought that Steve needed him in the same ways.Different from how they used to need each other but still as vital.“What happened?” Steve asked softly after a minute.“Nothing,” Bucky murmured, rolling his forehead back and forth against Steve. He inhaled again, taking in Steve’s scent - the scent of  home - and calmed even further. “Just got spooked, is all. Natalia didn’t help matters much. Scared the shit outta me in the elevator.”“You guys didn’t dent it again, did you?” Steve asked, leaning away so that he could crane his neck to look at Bucky. “‘Cause you know how JARVIS feels about that. And Tony gets upset when you upset JARVIS.”“It was one time,” Bucky protested, grumbling. “No, we didn’t  dent it. There may be a scratch or two, though, which I firmly believe I’m not at fault for. Who tries to sneak up on an ex-assassin? Honestly.”In his arms, Steve began to shake and it only took a second for Bucky to realize the little shit was laughing at him.“Seriously, Rogers? This is how you treat me after all our years of friendship?”“Okay,” Steve says, his voice slightly higher than normal with the effort it took to keep his laughter at bay. “Okay, you’re right. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Now, uh. What did Natasha want?”“Fuck if I even know,” Bucky told him, shrugging. “Can’t even remember. Something about you and the word  yes but --”He fell silent, frowning at the back of Steve’s head. Against him, Steve had tensed so suddenly, gone rigid in his arms the way he only ever was when he was playing Cap for the world. Something was very, very wrong.“What?” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Touch-Starved
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Touchy-Feely

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

