Work Text:
It was just after ten when Steve concerned him in the communal living room. Steve was clearly expecting him to put up a fight; he had his game face on and, no doubt, a list of reasons in his back pocket. Which was why Clint got so much pleasure out of shrugging and saying, “Sure.”“Sure?” Steve echoed, eyes narrowed.“Why not? A walk to the park sounds fun. I could use the fresh air.”“Clint. You do realize that it's time for you to be little.”“Yeah, I got that,” Clint said, forcing himself not to shift uneasily at hearing the words spoken so blatantly. It was public knowledge now for both him and Tony, but that never failed to make him just a little uncomfortable. Sometimes he missed the days when no one knew he was a little, back when everyone just assumed he was big all the time. Of course, those days had involved an awful lot of him crying in bed at night and suffering headaches from how much concentration it took to repress the little side of him, but he’d gotten used to it. He still didn’t know that what he had right now was an equal trade off for being able to do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted, without answering to anyone. Especially since what he had right now was Steve Rogers giving him a scrutinizing stare.“Okay,” Steve said finally. “Come on then. Let’s go pry Tony out of the lab.”Clint nodded and followed him. They could see Tony as soon as they stepped out of the elevator, though Tony didn’t see them. He was bent over the suit at an angle that made Clint’s back ache from sympathy. A selection of tools was laid out beside him, but he wasn’t using any of them. Instead, he was drawing in the air. Shining blue and red lights trailed from his fingers. He was sketching something, Clint realized, either upgrades for the suit or a new idea that had seized him unexpectedly.The doors opened when they approached. Tony still didn’t look up. He was muttering under his breath, talking to JARVIS or maybe himself, words tripping over each other. It was JARVIS who finally said, “Sir, Captain Rogers and Agent Barton are here to see you.”“Change the output capacity to – what?” Tony’s rambling came to a stop as he lifted his head, blinking. “Oh, hey Cap. Legolas. What’s up?”“It’s Tuesday, Tony. You know what that means.”Tony grimaced. He didn’t like it any better than Clint did. It was kind of like sleep or food: you didn’t always want to stop long enough to rest or eat, but it was something you had to do to keep yourself running. Except this only affected a certain portion of the population, and the rest of the world hadn’t always reacted favorably. Clint sighed to himself. At least he wasn’t as bad off as Tony. His headspace tended to average out around four years old, but Tony – no matter how much he tried to force himself to be older because he didn’t like being a baby – inevitably went much younger.Of course, to a certain extent Tony did it to himself. They both had their methods of coping and repression, but Tony’s tended to involve throwing himself into work and not stopping until someone, usually Steve now, intervened. So it all crashed down on him when it was time to be little. Clint was guilty of the same thing to a certain extent, but there was only so much training on the range that could be done when he wasn’t busy with SHIELD or being an Avengers. Over the years he’d had to find other ways to keep from slipping, like meditation. “I’m busy,” Tony said, already sounding a little whiny. “Can’t it wait?”“No. We had an agreement, remember? And you haven’t been little in over three weeks. I counted this morning and it’s been almost a month. Aren’t you tired, honey?” Steve stepped closer, well into Tony’s personal space. Tony frowned up at him, but Clint could tell that it was already a lost cause as Steve added, “We’re going to go to the park for a while. I’ve already packed some snacks. We just need to get ready.”“The park?”“That’s right. You love the sandbox. I’ve got your toys packed, too. You can build a sand castle.” Steve set a hand under Tony’s elbow, gently urging him to stand. Tony obeyed but stopped when he was standing, glancing over his shoulder at the hologram he’d been working on.“Steve, really, I should –”“JARVIS,” Steve said, and the hologram immediately vanished. “It can wait, Tony. I talked to Pepper. She cleared your schedule for the rest of the afternoon and tomorrow.”“I hate it when you guys conspire against me,” Tony grumbled. “I’m a grown man, you know. I can take care of myself. No one would even know if SHIELD wasn’t so damn noisy and didn’t have such a big mouth and if Howard hadn’t –” He cut himself off abruptly, scowl deepening, and jerked his arm out of Steve’s hold.Anyone else would’ve said Steve looked pained, except Clint suspected he was just angry. He didn’t know all the details; it wasn't in Tony's SHIELD file and Tony very rarely spoke about his parents for good reason. All Clint really knew was that Howard’s discovery that his son was a little had not gone
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Baby!Tony
little!Clint
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Phil
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Wetting
Pants wetting
pull-ups
Diapers
Clint Barton is a Little Shit
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe
alternate universe - littles are known
Pacifiers
Cuddling
Hugs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers

