Work Text:
---Steve was irritated. Not even irritated, per say. Just...annoyed. He had been hoping it was getting better, but when he thought about it, it really wasn't. People still tip-toed around him, spoke overly professionally to and around him, and rushed to clarify every damn reference despite the fact that he had been in the future for more than a year, thank you very much. They assumed he didn't know how to work a tablet, or his phone, or his laptop, or anything. Sure, he wasn't on Tony 's level (but would anyone ever really be technology-wise?), but he could for damn sure use Google just fine, despite popular belief. And although he didn't think that vulgar language was something that should be thrown about towards others, because it was disrespectful, he wasn't offended or astonished by it. In fact, he swore plenty on his own. He was from the slums of Brooklyn, and he was in the army. The Howling Commandos bled out his ears a long time ago.  But it as he sat in his chair during their break in their monthly WSC debrief, he mulled over this, and wondered how exactly he was going to fix it. His team had dropped their misconceptions after they heard him watching a baseball game (you've gotta be fucking kidding me!), or when he was irritated with various appliances (damn coffee machine, where's the fucking button Tony showed me again?), or even on rare occasions, them (Clint I fucking swear if you ate my Mexican food again I am going to kick your ass!). But he couldn't just go around swearing at SHIELD HQ.  Or could he? Maybe he could have some fun with this. Tony and Bucky just rolled their eyes at Steve's contemplative face. They knew that face, and that face meant Steve was planning to be a little shit. It was far from common knowledge, but Steve knew how to fuck with people if he put his mind to it. If you cleared away the whole gilded 'Captain America' title, he was a male in his mid-twenties from Brooklyn. Sure, he was the most responsible out of all of them, and could be more than a little mom-ish, but when he dropped the act, oh boy was there sass.  So. Much. Sass.-----
"FUCK!"
 Everyone's head swiveled towards whoever let fly the extremely loud swear, but the only person where they were looking was Steve Rogers. That couldn't be right... Steve held in a snort.  "Is something wrong?" No one wanted to tell Captain America that someone just damn near sreamed an explicative, so they just muttered a dissent. He had to have heard that, right? But he was still looking at them with a look of innocent confusion. They all must have been hearing something. It couldn't possibly have been him. Bucky and Tony raised an eyebrow, unimpressed. Steve kept up the innocent face through the entire meeting.-----It had been an extremely awkward day at SHIELD HQ. Steve Rogers had been walking around, asking for the definitions of things that he knew no one would want to explain; at least, not to him. He had spent about three hours on Urban Dictionary (Clint had recommended it to him, to Tony's horror) looking for the most filthy and inappropriate sayings he could. A part of him did feel bad for a moment, but the end goal of squashing this apple-pie-picnic-persona took precedence. So he had walked up to various agents, putting on his best 'confused puppy' face (Tony had named his expressions and they just sort of stuck), and damn near gave people a heart attack.  "Say, I heard these young men saying something about a 'Dirty Sanchez'. Do you happen to know what that is?" The agent paled, and stuttered. He mumbled something about Mexican chocolate and how  unhealthy it was, oh so many calories and far too much sugar, before awkwardly speed-walking away. Steve couldn't help but snicker.-----Eyes bulged as Steve Rogers pulled out his phone while the government bigwig of the week complained on the screen. He swiped and tapped, and no one could believe what they were seeing. But, they all decided, it must have been important, or else he wouldn't be. He wasn't Tony Stark. Said Tony Stark was also using his phone, which really wasn't unusual. Besides, he couldn't possibly be playing games on it. Steve Rogers, playing something like Angry Birds? Ridiculous.   So when they heard the distinct chimes of Flappy Bird, they assumed it was Stark. But then Stark put his phone down, but the chimes continued. That left...Rogers. Rogers gave an 'aw shucks' grin.  "I couldn't find out how to turn off my notification chimes. Sorry about that." As they all turned away, Tony and Bucky raised an eyebrow. Steve just gave them the cheesiest grin he could muster, and felt a warm bubble of happiness as Tony laughed and Bucky grinned.-----"...I don't understand." He held back a snort as a vein in the agent's jawline jumped.  "You just pressed the green button that looks like a phone, and either dial the number, or press the button with their name on it.""...How do I find their number?""Ask them.""And then it'll just...call them?""Yes."
"Amazing."

[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Steve Rogers is a little shit
His lovers are unaffected
Trolling
Like Major Trolling
Don't call Steve innocent
or pure
because he's not

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

