Work Text:
 Butterfingers, like all of Tony's robots, has a personality.It isn't that Tony intentionally programs his A.I.s to be... Well, bitchy. They’re bitchy.But that isn't his fault. He always starts out with the intention of creating a normal, boring learning computer, and then he ends up going four days without sleep, or he breaks up with his current PR guy and goes on a bender, or he has a dangerously high fever, or starts absently coding during the boring parts of a board meeting (all of them. All the parts of board meetings are boring. Heh. Bored meetings.)So in the end there always ends up being some sort of tiny, insignificant anomaly --- not a mistake, or anything. Just a... a loophole, in the programming parameters. Something that gives the AIs a bit more personality than he’d actually intended. Slight aberrations, but Tony has this thing where he doesn’t like yanking out someone’s brain for no good reason, so he isn’t about to start doing it to his bots just because of some stupid little details.So, Dummy learns shame, and at the same time he learns that all threats levied against him are complete, bald-faced lies. Jarvis, originally supposed to be polite and helpful, winds up as a sarcastic sonofabitch. And, due to Obie barging into the workshop and yelling at a key point in the robot’s development, You is so painfully shy that most humans don't even know he exists--- Tony will ask You for a screwdriver only to find Steve or Bruce handing it to him while his unhelpful robot hides behind the couch.And Butterfingers... drops things.Like, a lot of things. Everything, if Tony is being completely honest, which he tries his best never to be. Butterfingers might be the least useful helper-bot in the existence of the universe, because the little shit just drops EVERYTHING.On purpose.Butterfingers drops things, on purpose, because when he learned about humour he only understood the level of inane incompetence depicted by old-school Looney Tunes cartoons and the Three Stooges. So he thinks that falling down is the height of comedic genius.(Sidebar: Tony knows that this is not true, but everyone else is determined to encourage him by ignoring Tony's vastly superior intellect to burst into peals of hysterical laughter every single time Butterfingers drops Tony's coffee on his lap. Yes, Steve, he means you. And Pepper. And motherfucking Nick Fury.)So at one time or another, Butterfingers drops something, it rolls, or skitters, or bounces, or ricochets, or otherwise propels itself across the floor, and is never seen or heard from again. It's not a big deal, Tony is a goddamned multi-billionaire and a genius. He can afford to buy spares, and Dummy picks up anything useful right away. The cleaning crew he has in once every other month (under his extremely strict supervision) gets the rest.So what if he loses a few screws or wires? Who cares about the palladium core that had bounced its way underneath a repulsor-jet-engine prototype? So what if a few little wheels or capacitors are absorbed into the detritus of his workshop?It's no big deal, until one day Tony asks Dummy for his magnetic screwdriver, and it isn't there.Neither is his laser scalpel. Or his sonic screwdriver, which was a perfect replica of the Ninth Doctor's, it made noise and flashing lights, and was in  no way a working prototype, no sir-ee.So, it turns out that there are a LOT of things missing. This might be a problem.--"Something weird is happening," Tony says to Bruce. "I think someone has been in my workshop.""Mmuh? Whu-- Tony? Why are you in my bedroom?" Bruce asks, completely ignoring Tony's totally valid suspicion of a serious security breach."Without my permission," Tony adds ominously."It's 4:23 AM," Bruce groans."I don't know how they got through JARVIS's protocols, but whoever they are, they'd better return my sonic screwdriver or heads will roll," Tony informs him, perching on the edge of his bed.Bruce squints at him. "Is this a booty call? Is breaking into my room to talk about your equipment some sort of complicated metaphor? Is Jarvis the nickname for your zipper, because I have to say, it’s actually not all that hard to get into your pants, Tony.""Heh, hard," Tony says, and snorts."Oh my god, shut up," Bruce pleads.Tony is insistent. "This is important.""Sleep is important, Tony." Bruce flops back down on his bed and glares at him. "And I would like to have had more than five hours of it for the meeting with the Dread Pirate tomorrow."This is why Bruce is Tony's favourite. He listens when Tony makes eyepatch jokes. "This is why you're my boo," Tony says seriously."Get out." Bruce replies.Tony's conditioned response is to literally do the opposite of what people want him to, so instead he tackles Bruce in a hug."Ugh," Bruce says. "Fine, but I am going to sleep. Wake me again and I will smother you with a pillow."Tony snuggles up against him and whispers very softly into Bruce's ear, "Don't dream about giant spiders trying to e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Dummy & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Dummy/Butterfingers/You
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Stark Robots

freeform: 
Robots
Robotics
Robot Big Bang Challenge
Crack
Humor
Angst
Flirting
Tony Flirts to Show Affection
Tony Sexually Harasses Everyone
Bruce is Emotionally Stable
Pre-Slash
probably
Robopreg
ROBOTPREG
ROBOPREG IS A REAL THING
Robots Don't Get Pregnant
But That Doesn't Mean They Can't Make a Baby
Robot Feels
Bot Feels
Parent Tony Stark
Robot children

fandom: 
Dummy & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Dummy/Butterfingers/You
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Stark Robots

