Work Text:
"Okay, that's done." Tony put the finishing touches on the new Quinjet engine design— you never knew when you might need to reach planetary orbit, never mind all of Fury's loaded sighs and refusals to sign contracts. He wiped the air in his circumference clean with two sweeps of his hand, took off the welding glove he'd gotten too distracted to take off two hours ago and——and Steve was asleep. Again."Alright, that is just it." Tony picked up the bulkhead paneling from the nearest table, raised it to shoulder level, and let it fall with a deafening clang.The tumble off the couch served Steve right. **"...and if you flick this switch before you nock it to your bow, it also injects a neuralizing agent." Tony thumbed the switch in question as a demonstration. "So, Captain America sleeps a lot."Perfect segue.Clint looked at him askance. "Uh. Yeah. If by 'a lot' you mean 'not a lot'.""That's not what I mean."Clint looked over at the wall, then raised his eyebrow at the wall, then looked back at Tony, then squinted at Tony. It took him a full ten seconds to complete it all. "Dude's always down here in the morning when I get in. My impression is he doesn't sleep much.""Ah.""Ah.""Oh, look." Tony punched a button behind him. "New target drone."**“Alright, party can start now.” Tony took a running leap and bounced down on the middle couch cushion, nearly sending Natasha and Bruce spilling over their armrests. Bruce got carefully to his feet and retired to the floor next to Thor’s chair. “What’s the movie?”“Mr. Takagi won’t be joining us for the rest of his life,” Clint intoned around a mouthful of kettle corn.“Gimme.” Tony held out his hand and the popcorn bowl was slapped into it. Before he could gather it to his chest and keep it there for all eternity, another hand descended, scooping up popcorn, and Steve dropped down next to Tony on the couch.“Hold on to your stars and stripes, Captastic,” Tony said, settling back. “You’re in for a treat of epic proportions.”By the time Hans Gruber commandeered the Christmas party, Steve was out cold against Tony’s side, one hand in the popcorn bowl. **Tony sipped his coffee.Natasha sipped her coffee in agreement.Tony sipped his coffee in appreciation of the pleasant weather outside the window.Natasha sipped her coffee in dismissal of good weather in general.Tony sipped his coffee in deference to her worldly wisdom about weather other than raging Russian blizzards.Natasha sipped her coffee in an extremely insulting, and frankly hurtful, manner."Uncalled for." Because Tony had finally sipped enough coffee to communicate like a human being."Your mother."Oh, good: Natasha still needed a minute before she was coherent enough to figure out his entire life story by the sound of his sneeze. "I think we should buy more coffee for the Capsicle.""Nuh uh." She set her cup down, laced her fingers in front of her, lifted her chin and tilted her head at him. "Immune to caffeine. Using it to wake him up won't have an effect. Does it bother you more that he's awake so much, that he can be a morning person and a night owl at the same time, or that this isn’t really about his being awake at all?"Tony stared down at his half finished coffee. "Yeah, I have a meeting at… now."Natasha went back to sipping. "Bye."**“Bruce. Just the guy I need to talk to. I think Steve might possibly have sleeping sickness. Hi, Thor.”“Greetings, Metal Man,” Thor said from his chair. Where he was… hooked up to machines.“Oh, so I’m interested,” Tony said, crossing his arms.Bruce came around the side of the workbench, brushing his hands off on his khakis. “I’m measuring Asgardian metabolism, and resting and aerobic heart rates. Whole host of other stuff. Thor has amazing recuperative powers, especially after heavily exhausting activities. Also, I don’t think Steve’s sick.”“So you wouldn’t want to examine him, make him take off his shirt or turn his head and cough or anything? I could, you know, be here while you did it. For moral support.”Bruce frowned a little, then dismissed it with a wave. “It’s just not plausible that he has contracted something like Trypanosoma brucei. Why, he tell you he was feeling ill?” “Me? No. Why would he tell me? We don’t talk. We never talk. I talk and he snores. So hypothetically, if Steve were suddenly to fall asleep while in, say, my presence, you wouldn’t be concerned?”“Well, he does still need to sleep.” Bruce crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back against his lab station. “But that’s actually kind of the beauty of the super serum—” And now he was animated again, gesturing with his hands, eyes wide and mouth curved like a child’s. “It cuts the amount of REM sleep his body requires exponentially. Something I could never figure out with my own attempts. He could conceivably go for a week without more than the occasional cat-nap. Half an hour, max, and he’s ready to go all over again. I really hate to make lousy jokes, but, yeah. Envy.”“Okay. So.” Tony considered all angle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
Crack
Pining
Sleep
Movie Night
Robots
Tony Feels
POV: Tony Stark
Kissing
First Kiss
Steve Rogers Feels
Drawing
Sharing a Bed
Tony is Very Self-Sacrificing
Natasha is All-Knowing
#coulsonlives
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Thor

