Work Text:
Natasha Romanova crouched on the crossbar of the ‘I’ in the SMITH sign and observed the two figures on the rooftop below. Officially the SHIELD operative had come to New Mexico to evaluate the status of Project Lightning Rod and the well-being of one Doctor Jane Foster. No one wanted the good doctor upset; it could adversely affect relations with the being known as Thor. He had been adamant in his requirements for an alliance. It would not be optimal for him to return and find they had reneged on their part of the bargain. Privately, Natasha wished she could have seen the incident. Anyone who managed to impress both her unflappable boss and her usually disinterested partner was probably worth seeing. Unofficially, however, she planned to meet, and possibly interrogate, the doctor’s intern, Darcy Lewis. Natasha’s eyes focused on the young brunette. This was the person who had managed to catch his attention. Her partner, Clint Barton, had never been a monk, but no woman had ever gotten under his skin…except maybe Natasha herself. At least, no one had, until he met this girl. This new dynamic concerned her. Few agents ever learned to balance their job with a stable home life. Too many faced death on a regular basis. Rather, they leaned towards one-night stands with no expectations. Clint was the same way. He looked for mature, independent women who wanted nothing more than a fun night. Something changed while he was here. Within two months of his arrival to handle security, a fresh-faced college girl had him all but tied up and celibate. Natasha wanted to assess the girl’s worth. She focused on the conversation below. “So, how is he?” Dr. Foster was asking. The girl rolled her eyes. “Clint’s fine; that’s all he ever says. He’d probably say ‘fine’ if he was bleeding to death.” She shrugged, a fond, if exasperated smile on her face. “He says he had to assign one of the…what did he call them…oh, yeah, one of the ‘baby’ agents to make sure Erik takes breaks, you know, for eating and sleeping.” She paused and gave the doctor a direct look. “Gee, that sounds familiar.” When the woman just shrugged, the girl continued. “He’s a bit bored. Apparently there aren’t enough distractions at the new place.” She shook her head. “Because there were so many here?” “He had you here,” Dr. Foster commented, poking the girl in the ribs. “He didn’t need anything else.” The girl’s lips curled briefly before falling into more somber lines. “Right.” “Darcy-“ “No, really,” the girl interrupted. “I mean, yes, I suppose I’m a good distraction, but what’s a guy like that going to want with someone like me?” She waved a hand as the doctor tried to speak. “Okay, I’m pretty enough, and I’ve got great assets.” She smirked for a moment. “But I’m a college kid with nine-tenths of a poli-sci degree. I’m from the middle of nowhere and just happened to be in the right place at the right time for some fabulous alien-slash-god incident to take place.” She threw her hands up. “I’m pretty sure ‘diversion’ is all I am.” Natasha’s eyes narrowed. Barton seemed to have gotten under the girl’s skin as well. Doctor Foster stood up, looming over the girl and shaking a finger at her. “Now you listen to me, Darcy Lewis! You are a fantastic person. Yes, you’ve got an overly smart mouth at times as well as an often insane attitude, but you’re the first intern who has managed to last more than ninety days with me. You want to know what’s so wonderful about you?” The doctor planted her hands on her hips, eyes snapping. “You see things. You see the stuff everyone else misses. Like that day in June, remember?” Natasha froze. June…damn. Clint had been on his own when that day came around. Her hands clenched around the pole beside her as she looked back to the doctor. “He came in surly and quiet. You were the only one who noticed he needed human contact. Everyone else figured he needed space and stayed away. Not you; you crowded him, talking to him, touching his hands or arms. No matter how much he sniped and snapped, you wouldn’t leave him alone.” Natasha stirred slightly, a frown flickering over her face. Dr. Foster continued. “The next morning he came in with your favorite coffee and Danish. He thanked you! You knew he needed someone.” Now the doctor threw up her hands. “You do the same stuff with me and my moods. I don’t get why you can’t see how fantastic you are!” The girl blinked back a shimmer of tears before standing and throwing her arms around Dr. Foster. “I thought I made you crazy?” The doctor smiled and hugged her. “You do…but I need someone like you. I need someone who won’t lose themselves in work like Erik does, but who’s not afraid of me either.” She sniffed. “I think there’s a warning out about me now. That’s why you were the only applicant.” Natasha remained still as the two separated and descended into the building itself. She needed to contemplate the information she had gathered. She had read the file on the girl, but it was remarkably 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Humor
Going On Facebook: A Darcy Lewis Fic Exchange
POV: Natasha Romanov
Clint wants Tasha's approval
Darcy Lewis: Scientist Wrangler

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

