Chapter 1: Prologue: Picking Up The Pieces
    




Chapter Text






Okay! This new version is post Civil War, obviously. This means that the tone of the series will be somewhat dour in the beginning and will lighten up with time.


Pairings: Steve/Sharon (mentions of Steve/Peggy); Tony/Pepper; Thor/Jane; Bucky/Natasha; Bruce/Betty; Vision/Wanda; Ian/Darcy; mentions of past Peter/Gwen and current Peter/Mary Jane.


For all Steve fans: Don't expect the level of Tony bashing and Steve worship you probably want.


For all Tony fans: Don't expect the level of Steve bashing and Tony worship you probably want.


My personal experience in writing fanfiction for storylines where neither 'side' is blameless is that to 'take sides' as an author and write from a perspective of extreme favoritism does my writing no favors. In other words, I ultimately side with neither Tony nor Steve because to do either robs both Steve and Tony (and the Avengers who rallied behind them) of the depth and nuance they deserve and that Marvel has given them, both as men and as heroes.


Now don't mistake me - there will be many passages where I go quite heavy on Tony, and many passages where I go quite heavy on Steve. As always, 
context determines everything
.

So if you took sides during Civil War, expect to have your feelings thoroughly trampled on during parts of the narrative and don't say I didn't warn you!

With this understanding - enjoy!


It was the day after the Fourth of July that the package arrived.
Tony Stark had decided that Independence Day was his least favorite holiday. Not because of its historical significance in particular - or maybe so, at this point, who knew? - but because he knew for a fact that Steve Rogers' birthday was July 4.
It used to be one of the favorite jokes thrown around for the four birthdays/Independence Days Steve had had with the other Avengers (had it only been four years?). Snatches of The Star Spangled Man with a Plan and Yankee Doodle Boy would probably be heard wherever the unlucky Steve showed his face. Nicknames like Captain Spangly-Ass and Miss America (the latter complete with a silver tiara Natasha loved chasing Steve around with) would trail him.
Now the memories rattled insistently in the back of Tony's head. Everything related to Steve Rogers was colored with resentment and rage and raw hurt and guilt worst of all. Because, much as some might not believe it, Tony's not an idiot. He knows Barnes was nothing but a brainwashed machine. He knows Mom wasn't even a target (and yeah, Dad, you were an asshole and so was I, but I didn't actually hate you and it doesn't help that I had to watch you die). He knows Zemo was manipulating him, manipulating everybody.
And knowing all this didn't change a damn thing.
(Hey Wanda - I think I get it now. How it felt, looking at me, knowing I killed your family.)
And now were no Avengers anymore - Rogers (and Barnes, damn you), Wilson, Barton, Maximoff, Romanoff (shoulda seen that one coming), and the bug guy Lang were all on the run. Parker was back at home where he belonged (it is summer, he's not in school anymore) and T'Challa had a freaking country to run. Rhodey was . . . well, out of commission. Thor and Banner had been out of the picture since last May.
The only official active, registered Avengers (according to the United Nations) were The Vision and Tony Stark. Vision had withdrawn almost entirely after the Leipzig fiasco and was only just starting to emerge, and Tony was in no way prepared to open the Pandora's box of calling himself an Avenger.
Which was why, when he initially opened the package with the eleven blank DVD cases and the note, he considered burning the thing just to be rid of everything it dredged up.

Tony,

The videos in this box need to be watched (in some safe or neutral place, of course) by all of the Avengers, past and present, official and unofficial. In case it's unclear, we'll list them out:

Yourself (we mean it, Tony!)


The Vision


James 'Rhodey' Rhodes


Natasha Romanoff


Steve Rogers


Sam Wilson


Scott Lang


Clint Barton


Wanda Maximoff


Peter Parker


King T'Challa of Wakanda


Ask His Majesty to bring James Buchanan 'Bucky' Barnes out of cryostasis, with the understanding that watching these films will gradually clear the HYDRA programming from his brain.


Find a way to call Thor up, and track down Dr. Banner with all the resources at your disposal.

We also strongly recommend that you call up Ms. Sharon Carter, Ex-Director Nicholas Fury and/or Maria Hill, Dr. Elizabeth Ross, Dr. Jane Foster, Ms. Virginia 'Pepper' Potts, Mrs. Laura Barton, Mrs. Jim Paxton. We leave it to the discretion of the latter two and Agent Barton to decide if Cooper, Lila, and Cassie are old enough to view this material (we personally think the girls are a bit young, but Cooper at least is only two years younger than Peter).

And in case you're thinking of disregarding the instructions above, we've overridden your security system 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Ian Boothby - Freeform
avengers watch the movies
Avengers - Freeform
Captain America - Freeform
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

