Chapter 1: so what did i miss?
    




Chapter Text
NELSON:quick qif you had a choice would you pick Gryffindor or Slytherin?A. HAM:the fuck are thoseNELSON:IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSE IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSEA. HAM:how am i going to choose if i have no idea what youre talking aboutstop quoting the musical at me--There are moments where the words don't reach, a grief too terrible for him to name. He doesn't think about it a lot of the time, he pushes it away--there are cases to worry about, little stuff like tenement disputes and traffic violations, bigger things like murders and police brutality and why the fuck does Matt come in with bruises all the damn time, for a blind man.Most of the time.He takes himself to church on Sundays, spends hours in the graveyard alone. He kneels down at Eliza's grave, lays a flower on the stone and says: "Eliza, you would like it uptown. It's quiet uptown."He kneels, says to the chilly autumn wind and to cold stone, "Hey."--A. HAM:look all im saying istrump can SHOVE his million dollars and his anti-immigration stance up his crusty assif it wasnt for me he wouldnt even HAVE those million dollarsKAREN:oh my god, did you fight him???ALEXANDER.A. HAM:it made it onto buzzfeedthought you should knowKAREN:please tell me you didn't use the N&M account to do it.A. HAM:of course not i made my ownhow do you get verified i need these people to know whos arguing with them--He's out by himself at night when someone claps a hand over his mouth, presses a knife to his throat as they drag him into an alleyway, and snarls, "You at Nelson & Murdock, bro?"He gives a very small nod."You tell 'em, bro," the guy says, "drop Garcia case, or you dead, bro. We know your place."The man lets him go, and Alexander spins around on his heel and says, "Excuse you?!"The guy--some big, tough asshole in something called a tracksuit, which is tacky as all hell, he's been dead for two centuries and even  he knows that--makes a noise that sounds like, "The hell, bro? Yes or no, bro! Preferably yes.""First of all, I am not your errand boy or your bro," Alexander says, hands curling into fists, "second, fuck you and fuck your violation of my rights, though I guess basic respect for other people's rights is something dipshits like you can barely comprehend--"The man draws his gun, clicks the safety off. "I hear no," he says, and Alexander finds himself looking down the barrel of a gun for the second time in his life (lives?). "Must suck to be you, bro."That's when a stick comes flying out of nowhere, and Alexander's shocked out of the frozen state he'd gone into as Daredevil--and it's definitely Daredevil, no mistaking those horns or the suit--leaps down and hits the ground."You're a long way from Bed-Stuy," says Daredevil, calmly, in a low growl.The guy whimpers, eyes wide in fear, holding his broken wrist. Alexander glances down, sees the gun lying at his feet, then very discreetly kicks the gun away under a dumpster.--A. HAM:so i might have run into dd last nighthe may have saved my lifeMURDOCK:Was this the Garcia case?Also, are you all right?A. HAM:fine justwtfno one told me working for you two would be this dangerous what the helli expected to be kidnapped and threatened with death during the war not while working for a broke law firmMURDOCK:In our defense, neither of us thought it would be this dangerous either.You know you can quit, right? Neither of us will hold it against you.A. HAM:and possibly get hired just so ppl can say "we have a founding father working for us" and not do any actual work at all???dont think so buddynot here to boost anybodys prmatt???MURDOCK:sorry tripped and lost my phone for a moment--Matt comes in the next day, a bruise on his cheek (coincidentally in the same place where Daredevil was punched last night, and Alexander narrows his eyes at him from his desk), and says, "I tripped while texting Alexander."Alexander thinks, Bullshit.--A. HAM:what are gryffindor and slytherininquiring minds need to knowKAREN:oh my god, is this Foggy's fault again?did you ever hear about Harry Potter? it's a series, there's a boy wizard and a castle and a dark lord and there are movies.I have the first movie.--A. HAM:one: why the hell would you classify ELEVEN-YEAR-OLDS based on personality traits and values that havent been fully formed yetwhat the FUCKtwo: the ministry of magic is laughably incompetent i am embarrassed for the wizards of britain if this is their governmentno wonder it got taken over by whereshisnosebet you adams and jefferson wouldve been so at home thoNELSON:good morning to you, tooKaren tell you all about HP yet?A. HAM:i saw the last movie last nighti havent sleptblame karenNELSON:TAKE A BREAKRUN AWAY WITH US FOR THE SUMMER LET'S GO UPSTATEA. HAM:wtf franklin--It takes him an hour or so to get to Graham Windham from Hell's Kitchen--it should've been twenty minutes, he'd checked, but there had been a small delay on one of the trains, so when he finally sets foot onto Irving Place, his stomac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Texting
Twitter
Social Media
Resurrection
a.ham vs the 21st century
am i going to hell yet
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Musical References
Crack Treated Seriously
...sometimes.
there's a plot now help
Case Fic
Superheroes
and their bullshit
Robots
hamilton wants a fucking break thanks for NOTHING murdock
Illegal Activities
Lawyers Who Should Know Better Engaging in Illegal Activities

fandom: 
None
