Chapter 1: Steve & Bucky
    




Chapter Text
It's when Natasha, or in this case Natalie Rushman shows up as his new PA, that he remembers his lie to his closest friends. Sure, he's withheld information before; what else could his palladium poisoning be seen as. This is different though he's been lying to them since he met them. No, he's lying about everything. He pretends he's never met Natasha and in a way, he pretends that half his life never occurred. Not that it matters, Tony reasons: Natasha is definitely a secret worth keeping.His feelings on that matter don't change. He continues to treat her as Natalie through out the time he was supposed to. When it is revealed to him who she really is, he simply keeps up the lie and acts as if he's never met Natasha Romanoff. He doesn't see Natasha for a while after that. Then an alien god attacks the earth and he goes to Stuttgart, Germany.  It isn't his favorite place, but he gets to see Natasha so he doesn't really mind. Still, he does nothing and allows his lie to live on. And live on it does. Even after everything with Loki is over, their little lie is intact (and how ironic is that, the god of lies didn't even spot it). Then again, who would suspect that Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, and Natasha Romanoff ex-KGB assassin, and current Shield agent, would know each other. Their lie continues to thrive even when Tony gets Fury to agree to make the tower the Avengers base of operations. All those heroes, hell even a second spy, living in the same building and no even notices the lie that takes up most of Tony's concentration. Over time it becomes easier, after all now he doesn't have to hide his familiarity with her. He just claims that he and Tasha have bonded since she moves in. Which in a way, is true; they'd definitely done some catching up with each other. After how long their lie has been a part of their lives, they don't expect the day it's suddenly seen. It's happens on a day that starts like all the others have since Steve and Natasha ended Shield. Tony walks into the kitchen only to find Natasha perched on his breakfast bar eating. He smiles at her but they say nothing until Tony has his own breakfast prepared. "How'd you sleep?" She questions as she slides off the counter and onto a stool besides Tony. "Fine," he grunts as he sips his coffee. "I got to sleep on my own."A frown appears on her face, "I didn't."Tony winces, he understands how difficult it is for her to handcuff herself to the bed, but some days there is no other way for her to rest. Nudging his shoulder against hers, Tony gives a faint smile that shows her that it's all right. That he understands. They're still reveling in their silent moment when Steve walks in. His face is flushed and he has an odd expression on his face. Tony and Natasha instantly shift their attention to him, all of the Avengers know better than to interrupt their breakfast together unless something important is happening."Steve," Natasha says as she stands. His eyes snap towards her before shifting to Tony, "Come with me. I think you need to see this." The two rocket after Steve worrying about what could possibly invoke this look on his face. Perhaps they should've known that only Bucky could do this to Steve. Steve takes them behind the tower where they find Bucky hunched over behind a trash can. Natasha takes a step back when she realizes who it is. It doesn't help, Bucky still looks up at that exact moment and spots Natasha. She registers as a threat, of course she does, and Bucky leaps for her, two knives already in his hands. Steve pushes him down, "Bucky, I thought you were in control of yourself!""I am," Bucky snarls still trying to get to Natasha. "She's an assassin Steve.""Ex-assassin actually," Natasha shrugs as she attempts to keep Bucky's attention. It doesn't work and Bucky senses her tension. His eyes dart around suddenly, "He's here isn't he. That's why you're talking to me; you didn't want me to notice."Tony backs farther into the shadows as Natasha answers, "I don't know who you're talking about."Bucky cackles, "Where are you?""What are you talking about Buck?" Steve asks as Bucky rises to his feet. "No one else is here." He doesn't seem to notice that Tony isn't visible anymore. "Yes he is," Bucky looks around. "The Black Widow always keeps him near. He was even there when I shot her. He's the reason I got gutted on that mission.""He isn't here," Natasha says, "I'm not with Russia anymore.""I don't believe you," Bucky says and he would of taken a step towards her but Steve blocked him. "Where is he, where is Enigma?""Not here," Natasha insists then she turns to walk away. Steve watches her which means he takes his eyes off of Bucky. That's his mistake, because the brunette leaps from his position and towards Natasha. The spy whirls around when she feels his approach, but it was unnecessary. Bucky had already been stopped when a throwing knife flew through the air and pie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
No Romantic Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Secrets
Natasha and Tony are besties
Tony is a spy
Panic Attacks
(very mild and undescriptive)
Assassin Tony
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
I just wanted platonic Nat and Tony
KGB
Assassination
Kidnapping
Afghanistan
Age Regression/De-Aging
kid!Tony
Russian
Magic
Russia
Secret Identity
Fighting
Family

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
No Romantic Relationship(s)

