Work Text:
Clint is 17 and his mentor has left him for dead in an alley.
He wakes up in the hospital, groggy and hurt in a way that has nothing to do with broken bones, and there is a guy standing next to his bed. He’s not who Clint wants to see. In fact Clint’s never seen him before and the fleeting notion that the Swordsman might have sent him to finish the job is almost comforting. Clint’s just lost his home and, it would appear, his brother – why isn’t Barney here? –, he’s past caring about what happens to him now. Or maybe that’s just the drugs talking.
One thing he does know is that the guy is no doctor – he doesn’t think they go around wearing leather coats in the hospital. It doesn’t seem very hygienic.
Either way the whole ‘watching Clint while he’s unconscious’ is kind of creepy. 
Also he’s going to pass out again soon.
“I’ve been keeping an eye on you for quite some time, Mr. Barton,” the guy says and yeah, not helping with the creepiness factor. Besides, Clint hasn’t done anything worthy of anyone’s attention.
“You’re creepy,” he thinks he says before drugs and exhaustion pull him back under, and he isn’t sure but he thinks it makes the guy laugh. It’s a vaguely terrifying sound.
The next time he wakes up the guy is gone. If it weren’t for the fact that his medical bills have been paid in full, Clint would think he imagined the whole thing.
---
Clint is 19 and he feels himself slipping away.
There aren’t a lot of options available to a kid with no money, family or high school diploma. And when that kid only has one skill set – taught to him by a criminal no less –, he inevitably attracts the wrong kind of attention.
It would be so easy. To just give in, join the wrong crowd. Clint’s smart and he’s good – it wouldn’t take him long to make a name for himself. And it would be such a relief too – he would no longer have to worry so much about everything then.
He won’t lie, there are times when he’s tempted – sorely so – but he fights it. He fights it tooth and nail. He gets his GED and works shitty jobs and sometimes goes without food if it’s that or make rent. He can’t – won’t – become his father or his brother or Duquesne – everyone who’s ever disappointed him. Everyone who thought he would never amount to anything and it was okay to treat him like shit. It wasn’t okay and he refuses to give them the satisfaction of being right.
One day he sits down and goes over his options. Then he does the only thing he can think of: he calls the nearest military recruitment office and makes an appointment.
He doesn’t do it out of any grand patriotic ideal. He does it because he’s reached the end of his rope. He’s out of options and it’s either that or giving in. He doesn’t know if they’ll even want him, but he’s got to at least try.
When he gets there, he is ushered into an office and the guy from the hospital is sitting behind the desk. He is still wearing that leather coat and he’s no more a recruiter than he was a doctor.
“Why don’t you take a seat, Mr. Barton?” He points at a chair and although it’s phrased as a polite request, Clint’s not stupid – it’s anything but. He sits.
“Who the fuck are you?” he asks and winces internally at how brittle he sounds, but damn it, he had a plan and it didn’t involve this – whatever this is.
The man looks at him appraisingly and as the silence stretches uncomfortably, Clint tries not to fidget.
“Fury. Nick Fury. I’m with SHIELD,” he finally says. Not that it helps at all: Clint’s got no idea what that even means. Before he can ask, the man – Fury – continues: “As I said last time we met, I’ve been keeping an eye on you for a while.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re ‘The World’s Greatest Marksman’,” he quotes and Clint bristles at the faintly mocking tone. He’s earned that title. Or at least he had. It’s been almost a year since he’s held a bow and– 
He firmly shuts down that line of thought before the longing becomes overwhelming.
“What do you want?” he asks defensively, and Fury watches him back steadily.
“I want you to prove it. I want you to do what you came here to do, and I want you to get the best training the US military can offer. Then – when you’re ready – I want you to come work for me.”
Clint doesn’t laugh but it’s a near thing.
“That’s all?” he asks derisively.
“That’s all,” Fury confirms with a smirk and man, that guy sure is something.
A business card appears in his hand – it’s a nice trick, but Clint has seen better – and he slides it across the desk towards Clint. All it’s got on it is a logo and a phone number and Clint pockets it with no intention of ever using it. He can always get rid of it later. Who does that guy think he is anyway?
Fury looks like he knows exactly what’s going through Clint’s mind, and it seems to amuse him. He stands and heads for the door, stopping briefly at Clint’s side.
“I suggest the Marine Corps,” he says, sounding almost bored. “Unless of course you think you can’t make it.”
Clint grits his teeth and doesn’t rise to the bait, waiting 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/others (the man dates)

freeform: 
Clint backstory
Fix-It
Mind the warnings

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/others (the man dates)

