Chapter 1



Notes:
CPS = Child Protective Services

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Circus folk looked after their own.  That is, until you become too much trouble, and there was no doubt that Clint Barton was just that: trouble.
The whole Barton family was trouble, or they had been.  Clint's drunk of a father was dead now (may he rot in hell) and his mother with him, and maybe Clint should miss them but he didn't.  He missed Barney, but he'd given up on ever seeing him again.  He'd tried, after it happened, after it all blew up (literally) and they left him behind, but for all that their job was to call attention to themselves, they were remarkably good at disappearing when they didn't want to be found.
And when there was a chance of the cops or CPS coming down on them, they didn't want to be found.
Clint was tainted now, and damaged goods, and that part of his life was over.  He just had to accept it.
Not that this was a bad place, where he was now.  He couldn't complain when he got three meals a day and a room of his own and if he did his chores he even got an allowance.  If he got sick, they took him to the doctor and when he needed new clothes they bought them.  They made sure he had what he needed, and maybe if he let them do more they would, but he didn't usually.  Still, it could be a lot worse, and he knew it.  He'd met kids before he got placed who'd told him horror stories.
Probably he would have ended up one of them, except he'd been dubbed "special needs" and fast-tracked into a foster family instead of a group home.  His shrink (because yeah, they decided it would do him good to talk about it, not that anyone had asked him) would say that that was the silver lining or some shit.  
He tried (sometimes) to make himself believe it.  
"Clinton!  You're going to be late!"
"Yeah, coming!"  He grabbed his backpack and slung it over his shoulder.  He looked at the bow propped in the corner and sighed.  No point in bringing it when he wouldn't get to use it.  The Sullivans didn't like that he had it in the first place, but he'd refused to allow it to be taken away.  He'd had to concede the arrows.
"I don't see why you always get up so late.  If you woke up earlier, you could have a real breakfast," Mrs. Sullivan fussed.  He couldn't tell if she was actually annoyed or if she just felt it was her motherly duty to bitch at him about stupid shit.
To pieces of bread popped out of the toaster and Clint grabbed them, slathering one with peanut butter and the other with jelly , slapping them together to make a sandwich.
"'M fine," he mumbled around a sticky mouthful as he poured coffee into a travel mug and dosed it liberally with sugar.  The agency had told his foster parents that they would need to pick their battles, and the one over whether or not he was allowed to drink coffee was one they'd eventually had to give up.
The others looked up from their places at the table with a mixture of admiration, envy and annoyance, and sometimes all three at the same time.  There were four of them staying with the Sullivans right now, and Clint was the oldest, and the newest, so it bothered some of them that he got away with things they never could.  They all had various issues, and the neighbors seemed to think the Sullivans were saints for taking them on.  (They were also pretty sure the kids were the spawn of Satan, so...)
They weren't saints, but they were good people.  It had taken a while before Clint believed that it was more than a façade, and they weren't going to turn on him as soon as CPS looked away.  Almost five months in, though, he'd started to trust them, as much as he was able to trust anyone when suspicion had been bred into him.
He screwed the lid onto his coffee mug and took a swig, wincing as it burned his tongue, and headed for the door.
"Don't forget your lunch," Mrs. Sullivan said, shoving it into his hands.
"Thanks," he said, earning a look of disgust from here for talking with his mouth full again.
The high school wasn't that far away, and he enjoyed the walk.  It was the only time he got any peace and quiet, pretty much, without taking his hearing aids off, which he wasn't supposed to do except in the shower or when sleeping.  It pissed him off, but those were the rules.
He went to his locker, shoving his lunch on the shelf and switching out his books so he had the ones he needed for his morning classes.  The whole school thing rubbed him the wrong way a lot of the time, but like most of his life these days, it was a necessary evil.  And like a lot of things, it wasn't always so bad, although he spent a lot of time trying to cover for the fact that his "homeschool" education up to that point had been spotty at best.
"Mister Barton!  Just the man I was looking for."
Clint turned to see the smiling face of Mr. Coulson, the school social worker.  Clint had spent more time than he liked to think about in the man's office since he'd started 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Warning: Non-Explicit Mentions of Sexual Abuse

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

