Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text







 

Prologue.
The path to self-discovery, including becoming Coulson's assistant-slash-liaison-slash-bff, Captain America's lady love, and rating fourth on the SHIELD BAMF scale, was like the yellow brick road; it was chaos and confusion around every bend.Instead of gold, it was paved with missiles, bullets, flesh wounds, botched romances, an endless fight against her own Peter Pan syndrome, standing up to her mother, and paperwork. A shit-ton of paperwork, in fact.And it wasn’t paved so much as a collection of different settings, from the bleak grey walls of SHIELD to the shiny, shiny surroundings of Jane’s lab, the gun-powder ridden shooting range, to a barn and back-country dirt road that she’d rather never, ever walk, drive, or even so much as helicopter over again.She was a grunt. Never mind the expensive shoes and the company card that could, and did, buy her new ‘adult’ wardrobe. At the core of it, Darcy was just one more worker ant. In fact, if she really looked back, to as far as oh, birth, grunt was basically all she’d ever been. A snarky grunt, but she was pretty sure her psychologist would just call that a defense mechanism.Maturity was a funny thing.In Darcy’s mind, she always associated it with a fun-sucking, life-altering, fall down a rabbit hole to hell. Instead of Alice and her acid-trip of weirdness, it was more like stepping out into the corporate world as a suit-wearing drone, with the only drive in life being small talk at the water cooler and a tortoise race toward a passable pension. These were things that made Darcy’s skin crawl; they made her stomach roll. So it was no surprise that ‘maturity’ had never been on her to-do list.When Darcy was a kid, her mother often told her to stop asking so strange, so be more polite, always wondering why she was so immature, why she couldn’t just act her age. But as Darcy remembered it, she was just being herself, just enjoying what childhood and life had to offer. So she climbed trees in the pretty, flower-print dresses her mother made her wear. So she made mud pies and served them to her little brother like they were chocolate cake. So she constantly caught bugs and used them to play pranks on her teachers. She was a knobby-kneed, dirt-stained, foul-mouthed, free little kid.When high school came around, it was like a race to grow up; everybody wanted to be treated like adults. And she played into that a bit, didn’t every teenager? When she wasn’t getting into trouble for standing up against adversity —also known as talking but to her teachers— she had an after-school job and she paid for her own sputtering, rust-ridden car. She had a fake ID and she occasionally convinced the liquor store clerks that ‘hey, with these puppies?’ she’d motion to her chest, ‘you really think I’m a high schooler?’ Whether it was the fact that hello boobs or she was only after a six pack of light beer, what’s the harm?, she generally got away with it.But then came college and eighteen and real, true blue adulthood, with hunting down scholarships and sending out applications, hoping and pleading that someone saw she was worthy enough to get into their school. And suddenly, she was that little kid again, who just wanted to climb trees, trap bugs in her teacher’s desk drawers, and make out with cute boys in the back seat of her car. She didn’t want responsibility and bills and some boring cubicle job. She wanted freedom.It manifested, she guessed, in complete confusion. What the hell did she even want to do with her life? Culver University apparently thought she was a worthy applicant and welcomed her over. Darcy originally started out wanting to major in art; what field of art she really wasn’t sure. What she knew was that she liked museums and her mind was like a Picasso, so it just seemed to jive. So she went with interior design because she thought, hey, buying furniture on someone else’s dime and setting up a house! Not bad! Only Darcy wasn’t good at designing other people’s houses; she was good at knowing herself and her preferences. And the people that would probably be hiring her were going to want something a little more high-end than her love of tweed and wicker. So she switched majors, leaving art entirely when she realized she just didn’t fit there outside of a hobby, and instead found Languages.In her head, all she kept thinking about was how kickass it was going to be that she’d speak a bunch of different languages, or at the very least understand them, and that she could turn that into an awesome jet-setting lifestyle where she was constantly on the move, moving from foreign city to foreign city, maybe even working for somebody as a translator. She was picking up languages easier than she expected; in fact, she was kind of a linguistics super-star. But overall, she wasn’t sure she liked what kind of field she’d be working in. Her professor was getting excited about her skills and told her that she might find an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & family

freeform: 
Going On Facebook: A Darcy Lewis Fic Exchange
peter pan syndrome
fear of failure
Personal Growth
Mother-Daughter Relationship
Family Drama
Partnership
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Mommy Issues
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Snark
Sarcasm Heavy
Male-Female Friendship
Female Friendship
Self-Esteem Issues
Female Protagonist
Female-Centric
Growing Up

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Phil Coulson & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & family

