Chapter 1: Potential Energy
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“Art begins with resistance.”
— André Gide  
Steve

"So. If we get out of this mess alive, what are you gonna do?"

Bucky grinned at Steve. They were taking cover at the moment, enemy fire heavy on them.

"Really?" Steve asked, smiling ruefully as he loaded a new clip into his rifle. "We're having this conversation right now?" He pulled the lever and loaded a bullet into the barrel, before resting his head back. The helmet was heavy on his brow, his protective gear constricting. Bucky was quiet and looked at him expectantly, so Steve knew he wasn't getting away from this one.

"Well, teaching could be nice, History of Arts maybe. Or curator, if that one doesn't work out," Steve said, and when Bucky started laughing at him, he punched him in the arm and asked, "And you?"

"Me?” Bucky furrowed his brows, setting some supplies aside as he checked his M24. “I don't know, Cap. Never really gave it much thought. But if I’m honest..." He glanced over the rocks they were hiding behind, and a heavy expression took hold of his face. "...I don't think I'm getting out of this one."
 Steve's eyes opened with the alarm. He watched the ceiling fan spin for a long moment, taking the time to let reality settle in before sitting up and rubbing sleep out of his eyes. Another dream of his old friend, huh? At least it wasn't another one of those other dreams. The thought floated in his mind for a moment before he pulled himself out of bed and padded over to the bathroom. He didn't need much time to get ready, and the institute he was teaching at was only a short walking distance from his flat.Time had gone by so fast, and his last day in the army already dated back three years. As he'd told Bucky in that ditch, he went ahead and became a teacher, still working on his doctorate. Curator was clearly a position beyond his reach, but he didn't mind teaching, not at all.This year's students seemed to be a bit dull up until now, but Steve found it to be both a curse and a blessing. For one, they didn't ask too many questions, so he usually managed to relay all the material in class, which left him with more time to run workshop sessions. So aside from the fact that he sometimes thought he might fall asleep standing, it was pretty good.When Steve approached the office half an hour later, his phone dinged with a message. It was from Dr. Bruce Banner, asking him to help with some lab set-up or something. It had been a while since he’d last set foot in the science faculty, but Steve was always happy to help, so he answered that he'd drop by as soon as he could. 
Tony
“I’m just saying that if we integrate these changes at the atomic level instead of the molecular one, we’ll probably get better results,” Tony said as he stepped up next to Bruce, hands in his pockets and stance easy. He looked down at the blueprints, smiling as he realized that, yes, this could really bring the mechanics of solar inverters to a whole new level.“That’s not…” Bruce trailed off, leaning down to examine the disc beneath the microscope. After a moment, a sigh left his lips and he glanced up at Tony with an expression that was half exasperation and half pride. “Alright, genius. Let’s go over the formula again, see if it works in theory, and once the new equipment is set up, we can do some test runs.”“Who's coming over, anyway?” Tony asked idly. They were usually alone in here. Sometimes, the science freshmen came in for a first tour, but otherwise, Bruce’s private lab was very much that—private. And Tony appreciated it. In here, no one commented on him staying too long in the nights, or coming in too late in the mornings… or his occasional drunk-tinkering (aside from Bruce himself, but his scolding had long ago lost its heat).This was his space, the one place where no one gave him the side-eye for being too young—and for being who he was in general.“A friend,” Bruce said, as he sat down at his own workstation, staring at the monitor in front of him. “You know it’s a hassle to get the handymen here on such a short notice.”Tony grabbed for one of the tablets, opening the project so he could track the changes Bruce was making. “Didn’t know you made any new friends, Brucie. Thought we were the Solitude-Brothers.”Bruce didn’t even look up from the screen. The guy was definitely too used to Tony’s teasing. It was a shame.“Well, maybe ‘friends’ is an overstatement. He likes to keep to himself, too, we just meet for coffee sometimes.” He pinched his jaw, which Bruce always did whenever he had some sort of revelation. “This looks good. We might be able to produce about 250 percent more energy, that’s… a real break-through. Thank you, I mean—how did you know?”“I… might’ve read up on clean energy a little.”“You—” Bruce stared at Tony, raising his brows. “I didn’t know you were interested.”With a short shrug, Tony set the tablet back down on the table. “Y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Teacher-Student Relationship
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
Alternate Universe - College/University
Artist Steve Rogers
Pining Tony Stark
Steve Has Issues
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Feels
Fluff
First Kiss
First Time
Consensual Underage Sex
Secret Relationship
Mild Depictions Of War

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

