Work Text:
Freya stands with the All-Mother in the center of the room. Their palms hover side by side and face skyward, Freya's newborn child supported between them. A blessing ritual for the wanted child; Odr looks on from the closest ring of observers.It is an unremarkable ceremony, save for Loki's return.The Norns took pity on Thor; his adult life with his old brother characterized by the fear of not knowing where Loki was or when he would return, this time he has a preternatural sense of when Loki is near.Thor's eyes move to the diminutive figure in the entryway. His heart feels lighter, gladdened by his presence.But the vision of him when he draws closer is stunning; foreign; captivating. Mouth watering.Loki draws up beside him and Thor should direct his eyes elsewhere.“They see an illusion, brother,” Loki drawls, the 'you dunce' unspoken but assumed. “You are staring.”Thor's hands tighten into fists. He had prided himself on his unblemished self-control throughout this second chance with his brother.Unblemished. Perfect, unflawed, good, wholesome.Someone got to Loki and made him wholesome.Except there is nothing moral about the delicious way his black tunic is stretched over his pregnant belly, or that someone got him with child when he could barely claim manhood.Thor's eyes slide down Loki's changed form like condensation on a glass.He always harbored the belief that Loki rivaled Freya in beauty.He watches as Loki places his little hands in the small of his back and stretches for some relief from the child he carries.Thor swallows thickly. There is no contest now.~The way of children is that one loves them when one has them. The way of brothers is that one loves them and never understands them. The way of temptation is to be persuaded, by oneself, without ever noticing.Thor had plans to move on to Alfheim the day after. He does not.Instead he works in the stables, helps train the Einherjar, enjoys his friends, sorts through the spoils of his quests and considers gifting the finer pieces to Loki.In the end he decides otherwise; it seems overtly close to bribery.~The day is bright and the horses calm when Thor hammers new shoes onto a yearling.His finger twitches; something imperceptible, an invisible thread lightly brushed miles away and he knows: He looks up to find a little figure in a black cloak approaching the stables through the gray mist and flurries.If he squints, he can see the cloak was made for someone narrower than the wearer is at present.Slender as a willow branch but his belly full with bastard. Thor's breeches grow tighter; he hammers nails into his yearling's hoof with mounting force.When Loki begins to make interested chatter with a stablehand, Thor snorts.Tiny. Little. Too young. Another nail. But certainly capable of acting the adult. Someone else got to him first.Another nail.He catches Loki watching him. His green eyes follow the sure, swift swing of his arm. Thor meets his gaze.Pretty, little slut.If Loki was about to address him, the words are lost to some sudden sensation deep inside; Loki's hands fly around his belly, framing it with his thin arms.Transfixed, Thor drops his hammer; does not retrieve it until he realizes he has been noticed.“Those eyes,” Thor comments mildly, “are going to get you into trouble.”Loki draws the edges of his cloak closed over his stomach; they already have.“Little Loki, why do you look at me that way? Say the word and I shall hunt him down.”Loki heaves a sigh. “Then you still love me, to be my champion?”“Aye, brother; I would do much for you.”Loki stares at him, flurries melting on his lashes. His lips are tiny and flushed red.He is flushed more healthfully than Thor has ever seen him.~He lingered too long on that thought and now he cannot sleep.When he opens the windows, the night air makes his skin prickle. He walks onto the balcony and leans against the cool guardrail, watching two expecting ásynjur take turns about the courtyard garden by moonlight.He follows them with his eyes, comparing their forms to Loki's. How many babes are in his brother's belly?He is certain he could give Loki twins or triplets. And the sires of the God of Thunder would be large even in the womb.His cock stirs at the thought of the former; throbs at the latter. He squeezes himself through his breeches.Reborn Loki as yet only stands as high as Thor's sternum. Would he be able to walk?His eyelids slide shut as he slips his hand beneath his breeches.And Loki thinks his belly is heavy now.~As Thor rushes through the hallway to meet his friends this afternoon, the realization strikes him: he is still the only one permitted to see through Loki's illusion.Little Loki wears no cloak today over his snug tunic; Thor cannot turn his gaze away, feeling much like a cow stuck in mud.Thor turns and falls into step with him.“How do you fare today, brother? Where are you off to?” he asks.“To the baths,” Loki replies. “I am too sweaty for decent society.”Thor knows this; the mere mentio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Teenage!Kid Loki
Adult!Thor
Age Difference
Mpreg
Pregnancy
Mpreg Kink
Pregnancy Kink
unknown father
Size Difference
Thor has a Smallness Size Kink and Loki is Le Tiny
But Thor is also very Appreciative of how big with child his Itty-Bitty Brother is
loki is a little shit
Sexual Tension
Very Briefly Intersex Loki
Incest
Sibling Incest
Incest Kink

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

