Work Text:

You got something going tomorrow?
Natasha read the text, then arched an eyebrow; it was an unlisted number, but the message had an interesting combination of correct punctuation and casual syntax.Why? she texted back.
You know who would like to see you. And me, also.
She thought it over for a moment, then smiled and typed back:  Make me an offer.Walk in the park. Food. Football. You know where to find us, and she made a face at the phone: God, what a bastard. So he'd spotted her at the parade that time, years ago.#It was a beautiful clear day, unseasonably warm for November, and the sky was bright blue. There were still a few orange leaves dotting the trees, though they were mostly ground-cover now, and Natasha crunched through them to the rat-a-tat, boom-bah of the drum corps and the occasional helicopter whup-whupping overhead. She'd lived in New York on and off for years, but she'd only been to the parade that one time: the year the Captain America balloon debuted. She'd been hoping to catch a glimpse of Steve, and so she had, though she'd hardly recognized him, he was so changed: so relaxed and happy.She found them near where they were last time – and how could she have deluded herself that Barnes hadn't seen her? She rolled her eyes, absently rubbing the scar on her belly. Even now, he had eyes on her; he and Steve were sitting shoulder to shoulder atop of one of the huge gray rocks that jutted out from the ground, with a great view of the parade route. Steve, she saw, had regrown his thick, reddish-gold beard, and was conspicuously inconspicuous in his red plaid coat and wire glasses. Beside him, Barnes was hunched in an army jacket and black baseball cap; he was wearing aviator sunglasses and sipping coffee from a lidded cup. Natasha climbed up onto the rock beside them, and Steve surprised her with a kiss, soft beard brushing her cheek. Barnes glanced at her over his sunglasses: his eyes were wry and bright blue."I see you had no problem finding us," he said."Oh, shut up," she said, and shoved at his shoulder; Barnes smiled and let himself sway away from her. "What'd I miss?" she asked, and peered through the trees at Central Park West, where a huge white something floated by on strings."The hell I know." Barnes shook his head. "There was a cat. And a bird. And—""And Spongebob," Steve said, and they both suddenly cracked up, which made her smile: she'd never seen them really laugh before. "We love Spongebob," Steve added sincerely.Barnes groaned. "We do not love—""No, we do—I do," Steve said, "he's my favorite balloon. Even more than me.""You haven't missed a damn thing," Barnes growled. "All the good stuff's still to come," and then he pulled a thermos out of his backpack, refilled his cup, then waggled it. "Hot chocolate, you want some?""Sure." She sipped it—it was still hot, and spiked with something; delicious—and watched as the huge white thing (Hello Kitty? Pillsbury Dough Boy?) drifted away through the trees.Another helicopter droned by overhead. A gingerbread house rolled by, followed by a squadron of marching wooden soldiers with bright red circles on their cheeks. The next balloon was yellow—she squinted—with floppy ears. "Pikachu," she said."Gesundheit," Bucky replied.One marching band faded into another, and Natasha felt buoyed by their bold and brassy harmonies; the way the crowd cheered for each new float or balloon; the crisp fall air. She clapped and whistled, shouted cheers through her cupped and gloved hands.Steve grinned and put his arm around her. "I love this holiday," he confided. "Better than Christmas, even, and this parade's more fun than Easter's—""Easter Parade's snooty," Barnes said; his eyes were fixed on the parade. "Always was.""—even if it is kind of commercial," Steve finished, as the Aflac Insurance balloon sailed by."Spirit of America," Barnes said cynically."Yeah, maybe," Steve said. "On the other hand…" and Natasha recognized the shift of tone from earnest to too earnest; Steve's unique brand of deadpan fuckery, "that's a lot of red stars for an event that's so—"Barnes choked on his hot chocolate. "It's Macy's, you—""—driven by capitalism," Steve said, straight-faced. "You must feel right at home.""—jelly bean, not the goddamned Workers' Party!" Barnes shouted, and then he laughed and said, "Do you remember the—you know, about Macy's," and then he began a kind of sing-songy kid's chant, like a clapping game or a nursery rhyme: "I won't go to Macy's any more, more, more—"Steve grinned and picked it up immediately. "—There's a big, fat policeman at the door, door, door. He'll grab you by the collar—"Barnes took it back. "—and he'll make you pay a dollar," and Natasha smiled at the change in their voices when they revved each other up like this. Coll-ah. Doll-ah. "So I won't go to Macy's any more more m—oh, hey, here we go," Barnes said, clapping and pointing. "Capitalism ahoy," and they scrambled to their feet on the huge gray rock.The crowd's happy hum 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Thanksgiving
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
Tony Stark Is So Destined To Be A Balloon
Nothing Says Happy Holidays Like...
Happy Thanksgiving Tumblr

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

