Work Text:
Wade was a man who was in love with his weapons, probably more than Peter was initially comfortable with. He used to joke that Wade could shed all his clothes but never really act naked unless his firearms were gone. It was only half true - they both knew the mask was a bigger deal, but that in itself was obvious enough to skip over and never truly avoid. 
Besides, Wade's mask was off now. That was one of the things Peter had clearly, explicitly insisted on when they ironed out the details of tonight. "I just need to see your face." he had pressed, soft and assuring, scanning the other man's eyes for a reaction. "Okay? I can read your face better. It's kind of important if we're going to be doing this at all, ever."
Now Peter's half naked, pants still clinging to him by an the thread of an ankle and jacket bunched around his arms. He struggles half-heartedly as Wade holds him in place, looming over him until Peter's open mouth is cloaked in shadow and his wide, wide eyes look clouded.
"Please." he whispers, and it's almost not like him at all. He sounds different - not completely different, but there's no hint of Spiderman in that tone and his usual wit has faded around the edges. Maybe it's all that practice he's gotten lying about his name that's given him such a believable act. Wade considers the possibility of Peter honing his role play talents in secret and debates whether or not he'd be more pissed off or delighted about it.
Peter bares white teeth and narrows his eyes nervously. "Are you done?"
"Nah." Wade catches his face in his hands, doesn't miss the way his captive shivers at touch. "We've just started, baby. I haven't even brought in my toys yet." He shifts, brings a hand away, and a second later Peter's pretty face hisses a breath as the flat side of a knife is pressed against his cheek.
The edge touching his skin is dull. Peter's eyes flicker to his naked face, reads something invisible in the depths of his expression, and visibly relaxes a notch or so. All safe. Just a game. Wade isn't going to hurt him.
So he tips his head back and gives him a desperate, wild look, one that makes heat flare up through his veins like a sickness. "You'd let me cut you, wouldn't you." Wade whispers.
Peter shakes his head, presses his lips together tight.
"But I won't touch your face." the knife lifts, touches the soft skin of his naked belly before coming to rest on his inner thigh. "Here. I could carve my name in you. You'd heal around it, get a nice tattoo. Free of charge. You'd look sexy marked up, Parker, you'd look good in red."
"Fuck, Wade," His voice breaks on the last note. "Whatever - whatever you want, just..."
He traces the sharp edge along pale flesh, just short of actually drawing blood. Little thrills of excitement shudder through him in time."You're gonna be a good prisoner." Wade coos, not bothering to hide his arousal at the sight of his prey, submissive and edged in the excitement of violence. "You're gonna do what I say."
"Okay, yes, okay..." his eyes flicker toward the weapon, dancing out of his peripheral vision.
"Open your legs, beautiful."
Peter's arms are tangled up in the jacket, but beneath that is a coil of rope. They worked out the bondage bit with a surprising lack of argument - Peter insisted he could handle a restraint or two, but Wade was strong about where, exactly, they could go. When Peter wanted to hold him down, it was easy, the boy handled his webbing like it was an extension of his body, and Wade honestly didn't give a shit what the long-term danger of being trapped in Peter's grasp was. 
But when their roles were reversed, it was different. Peter trusted him, probably more than he should have, but Wade didn't necessarily agree. So when the bondage came into play, he insisted Peter's legs be kept free. "They're your best weapon," he had insisted, "you could break a guy's neck with your arms tied, easy."
"I'm not going to break your neck," Peter had scoffed at him.
"You could." he shrugged. It's not like it mattered a whole lot, he'd heal.
Now Peter's legs are untouched, as they agreed, but with the way he's squirming and hesitating, Wade could almost believe that he really thinks he's trapped. 
Almost. 
"Fuck, you're so sexy." Wade murmurs. "All mine, too." He nuzzles Peter's neck as he settles between his thighs, tossing the knife aside. Peter gives a breathy exhale when the metal is gone, then bites down on a delicious noise at the texture of Wade, who remains fully clothed from the neck down, against his naked skin.
Wade watches his pale shoulders shift, the pulse in his neck, his chest arched by the restraints on his arms. It's all very tempting, and he bends to suck on a spot below his ear, listening to the change in his breath as he slips his hands around to massage his ass. Peter makes another half moan, half hiss and turns his head away, squeezing his eyes shut briefly. 
Wade licks at the shell of his ear. "What's wrong, prisoner? You done this before?"
"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Roleplay
Mildly Dubious Consent
dub-con roleplay
Knifeplay
Gunplay

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

