Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve arrives at the inpatient facility dead tired and emotionally drained.  He doesn't want to be here.  This place is for nutjobs. He's not crazy he's just a little down.  Steve looks down at the bandages on his arms.  Ok, he thinks, maybe more than a little down.  The nurse shows him around the facility. It's nicer than he expected. He's only seen mental hospitals in movies, and they are always dirty and falling down with crazy people running around causing havoc.  This place is new, and clean.  Steve's not in scrubs, he's allowed to wear his own clothes and bring a few possessions.  Nat brought him a book and his sketchpad. He's excited when the nurse shows him the art room, then quickly disappointed.  The art room is poorly stocked, and the room is locked when they aren't in art therapy. After the tour, Steve sits down on a couch in the main room.  He scans the room; it seems pretty normal.  People are talking or engaged in some activity.  The people seem happy.  More of the same, Steve thinks, everyone's happy and I'm alone.  There is one exception, a guy in the corner staring out the window and silently crying.  The guy is extremely attractive, with chin length brown hair and light blue eyes. Somehow this guy looks pretty even while crying.  Steve is drawn to him for some reason. Maybe it's the crying, maybe it's the posture, legs drawn up, head bent down.  Steve can empathize. He's been there, so down it feels like life itself is torture.  It's what got Steve here in the first place.  Perhaps this guy is the same, understands the pain Steve feels almost constantly. Plus the guy is extremely hot. Give up, you'll never land a guy like that.  Steve settles down on the couch and opens his book. 
  "Steve, would you like to share" Group therapy - this is hell. "No thanks," Steve replies. He'd rather be anywhere else. He desperately does not want to share. Group therapy has given him some perspective. A lot of the people here have had really rough lives.  Physically abusive parents, sexual abuse, drug habits, you name it.  Some of them need to adjust their meds so they don't hallucinate or think they are the second coming of Christ.  Steve's life is great in comparison. Nothing like this has happened to him. But that doesn't stop him from feeling like his life is shit.  Steve feels like a freak for being depressed for no reason.  How could he possibly share after everything he just heard? "I really think it would be better if you shared, Steve." The therapist, Abigail, has a soothing voice, but there is a sharp edge of command when she says this. "I don't have anything to say" "That can't be true," Abigail tries again. "Every person has a story, and yours it just as important as anyone else's."  Steve sighs. He's not getting out of this one. "I guess I feel alone." Please let that be enough. No such luck. "Why do you think you feel that way?"  "Because I am alone.  No one likes me. I have no friends, no one would want to date a tiny shrimp like me." Someone scoffs across the room. They're laughing at him already. "I don't believe it's true that you don't have any friends, Steve"  "Well I have one friend, Nat, she's great. But there's no one else." "Has this Nat ever introduced you to any other people." "Yeah, but that didn't go well." Nat is always trying to get Steve to meet people.  It's a disaster. Steve's too shy. No one finds him interesting enough to keep talking to.  "I get too scared to talk to them." "Yet you were able to make friends with Nat. She must find something in you that is worth spending time with."  Abigail is not going let him off this easy. "I guess."  Steve has a list of reasons that Nat is an exception. He knows that Nat thinks they're all bullshit, but Steve can't let them go. "How hard did you try to make friends?" Steve looks up. What is she implying? "Did you engage in conversation, or did you shrink away? Did you follow up, try to see them again?" No, Steve thinks, I didn't do any of that. He knows that no one would want to see him again after he stuck to the corner and mumbled vague responses.  Abigail takes his silence for a no. "I have an assignment for you, Steve. I want you to try to make friends.  Talk to people, really engage instead of shying away. Do you think you can do that, Steve?" No, Steve thinks.  "Sure," he says instead. "I can try." "That's great, Steve." He's really starting to get annoyed at how often she says his name. Must be a therapy thing. Abigail finally lets him go and turns to the next patient.   It's the hot guy from before.  He is still drawn up like earlier, barely fitting on the small folding chair with his legs up like he's protecting his body.  "John, would you like to share today?" The guy doesn't respond.  No movement to indicate that he even heard the therapist.  "We'd really like to hear you speak, John," Abigail continues.  "This is a safe pl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Skinny!Steve
Alternate Universe - Mental Institution
Suicide Attempt
Bucky is a John Doe
mute!bucky
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Fluff
Mental Health Issues
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depressed Steve
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Recovery
Board Games
Recovery through board games
seriously
Kittens
Past Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

