Work Text:
There's a picture of the Avengers, and no matter how many times SHIELD tries to take it down, it comes back. It's true you can never erase anything from the internet completely. Even JARVIS tried once, just for laughs, but failed. Tony told him it was okay.It's the only image in the entire world that can make both Tony and Coulson twitch. For different reasons, but it still counts.Tony redesigned the penthouse of Stark Tower after it got thrashed. He tricked it out with bedrooms specifically conceived with the Avengers in mind, and he placed them around a central common area, an open kitchen and dining room divided from the living room by a long counter. There's an actual bar, a pool table, and a long workdesk. There's a home cinema system that would put most professional movie houses to shame. The dining area has a large round table because Tony can't resist Arthurian imagery. Tony thought he had worked this out to perfection, this idea of the Avengers having a real headquarters. He'd read some book or other about communal spaces in the workplace and team building, and he'd retained enough of it to make a truly welcoming home for his new team.He realized his mistake the first day after they all moved in, when he surfaced from the lab in the early morning to get something to eat and came face to face (well, face to pectoral) with Steve Rogers, in a pair of boxers, frying bacon."Stark!" Steve said cheerfully, waving with the spatula. "This place is great. Thank you. Bacon?""Enh?" Tony replied. Because pinnacle of human perfection, frying bacon in his boxers."I made enough for everyone," Steve said, and offered him a slice.Tony took the bacon. Never turn down free food."Boxers," Tony added, crunching it up."Sorry?""Where are your pants?"Steve gave him a worried look. "I put them away in my closet."Tony decided he wasn't awake enough for this conversation, and slunk away to his bedroom.And he convinced himself the boxers were a hallucination, because the next time he saw Steve Rogers, late in the afternoon, he was getting ready to go to some meeting at SHIELD and was wearing clothing.Then Thor walked into the living room clutching a large bowl of popcorn, naked as the day he was born. (Were gods born? Terrible question, strike from the record.)"Ah! My friend, truly, this is a haven for the weary," Thor informed him. Tony thought about keeping his eyes firmly on Thor's face, but he was after all Tony Stark. He glanced down."Truly," Tony said, looking quickly back up, "you have a mighty hammer, Thor."Thor just grinned, ate some more popcorn, and threw himself down on the couch."MAN IN THE CEILING. ENTERTAIN ME," he bellowed."Loading video," JARVIS replied neutrally.Tony fled to Bruce's lab. Safe, sane, and clothing-required."Hey," he said, as he walked into the lab. Bruce looked up from his microscope and smiled. "Thor's naked in the living room.""Ah, yeah, Steve's fault," Bruce answered."Excuse me?""Well, Thor saw him cooking breakfast pantsless -- ""So that wasn't a hallucination," Tony said flatly."You'd have to have a fevered imagination or an exceptionally good grasp of human anatomy to hallucinate that kind of musculature on a human being," Bruce replied. "Anyway, Thor saw Steve in his boxers and said something about being pleased that Midgardian clothing taboos didn't apply in private, and stripped off in the kitchen.""Did Captain Forties have a coronary?"Bruce shrugged. "Man went through boot camp. I hear the US Army isn't big on privacy. He didn't seem concerned. Are you telling me you mind?""I'm feeling a little intimidated."Bruce smiled. "He does have a magnificent hammer.""That's what I said!""Well, the joke is there to be made." Bruce turned back to his microscope. "If it's upsetting you, tell him to put some pants on.""I'm not upset. I am a man who fully approves of nudity. Why, does it bug you?""I'm pretty sure Hulk's flashed enough people in this lifetime and I know I've woken up naked enough places that I can never have shame again," Bruce sighed. "I just wear pants because I get cold. Reason I always chose warm, humid climates when I was on the run.""Can I stay here with you while we both wear pants?"Bruce patted Tony's shoulder. "There's nothing to be ashamed about, you know. The human body is a beautiful thing.""I'm not ashamed!""Oookay then," Bruce replied. "Come do science with me. I promise to keep my pants on."By the time Tony came back up to the House Of Waggling Penises (penii? Penes?) everyone was in bed, which was a relief. He considered napping on the couch, then realized he was going to have to ask the cleaning staff do an extra-deep scrub on the upholstery before he'd feel comfortable with that. In all, though, he felt optimistic. Surely, if Thor saw the rest of them wearing clothes, he would take the hint. He wasn't dumb.The next morning, a knock on his door woke him."What, oh my god, is there a fire?" he asked blearily, sitting up. Clint opened the door.In his underwear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Humor
Nudity
Public Nudity
thor's mighty hammer

fandom: 
None
