Work Text:
Something slick and warm and alien is wrapped around Steve's arms, his legs, his stomach. Long, endless, constantly moving tentacles are holding him up, holding him apart, keeping him still while he's suspended in midair. He’s naked; it feels like the tentacles are touching every inch of his skin. His mouth is open, lips stretched around a tentacle that tastes like nothing, soft, slick flesh. Sticky alien fluid flows down his throat, staining his lips and his nose.His arms are held together, above his head. His legs are held apart, each with a tentacle wrapped around it several times. All of Steve's strength isn't enough to move a single muscle against the restraints. There's a tentacle sliding in and out of his ass, fucking him with slow, methodic thrusts. It feels enormous, like it's splitting Steve open, but at the same time the slickness makes it impossible to resist each thrust. Steve’s cock is hard and aching, Steve can feel the pre-come oozing all over his own stomach. A smaller tentacle slides down his stomach, past his cock and down to his testicles. Steve cries out as it wraps itself around them, constricting and massaging, sliding up and down in an endless loop--Steve wakes up with a start, sitting up in bed. The first thing he notices is the afternoon sun, pouring in through the large windows of... Tony's bedroom. Steve doesn’t remember how he ended up here last night. Or earlier that day. Whenever they got back from fighting those weaponized critters in downtown Chicago.The next thing Steve notices is Bruce, who is lying next to him, stirring in his sleep. Now Steve remembers. This isn’t really Tony’s bedroom. This is one of Tony’s favorite guestrooms, which he’s had decorated to look like his bedroom for the occasions when he doesn’t feel like taking the elevator all the way to the penthouse. Or at least, that’s what Steve assumes. Everything makes a bit more sense now. This room is closest to the elevator and Steve’s room is down the hall. Clearly he failed to make it that far last night. Or rather, this morning. "What's wrong?" Bruce says, and Tony, who, Steve suddenly realizes, is sleeping covered in blankets next to Bruce, makes a groggy sound of protest at the noise."Nothing," Steve says. "Just… I had a dream."Bruce squints, as if working extra hard to figure out Steve's tone. "Good dream or bad dream?""Difficult to say," Steve says, taking a deep breath."Sex dream," Tony announces, without even opening his eyes.Bruce takes a moment to ponder this, clearly still struggling to wake up. Steve suddenly feels guilty for waking everyone up. He remembers the last time Bruce spent a day being the Hulk and how he basically spent the next twelve hours passed out on a mattress, dead to the world. "Sex dream?" Bruce says, squinting at Steve again."Yeah." Steve sighs.*Later, he tells them everything. Instead of going back to sleep Tony and Bruce shuffle around, shoving Steve between them, the two of them bracketing him on both sides. Tony wraps a tight fist around Steve's cock, jerks him off slowly with tight, thorough strokes, while Bruce puts a hand around Steve's throat, holds him down and squeezes when necessary, when the words coming out of Steve's mouth become too much.Tony makes Steve go over the dream twice, while Steve pants and writhes and fists his hands in the sheets and pleads with Tony to let him come.  Tony makes him elaborate on every detail, recount every sensation. And after they're finally done and Steve collapses in a boneless heap Tony kisses Steve’s cheek and darts out of the room, barely remembering to put on a pair of pants, dragging Bruce after him by the hand.*Days turn into weeks and Steve's dreams continue being what they usually are. Snippets of the past and the present intertwined, colors bleeding into each other, an endless procession of nonsensical moments Steve can hardly remember by the time he wakes. He used to have trouble sleeping, after they first dug him out of the ice, but now it feels like his body as well as his mind have finally recalibrated and the routine of being an Avenger helps give him a more human-like sleep schedule. Well, for certain values of human-like.He jerks off thinking about his tentacle dream a few times. Sometimes it comes up when he’s having sex with Tony or Bruce or both of them. Steve never plans their encounters but more and more often he finds himself spending time with one of them, conversation morphing into laughter, morphing into sex. He blames the endless tentacle porn Tony starts flooding his inbox with for the second dream.It starts out the same way as before. Steve wrapped up in an endless amount of warm, slick tentacles. Some holding his limbs, some fucking into his mouth and his ass. This time his balls are gripped in a wicked vice from the start; the tentacles stroke and release them, squeezing a little too tightly, making Steve ache. His cock is hard, solid and heavy lying untouched against his belly.Steve closes h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Orgy
Threesome
Tentacles
Enemas
Watersports
Vulnerability
Crying
Bodily Fluids
overwhelming emotions
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Body Part Kinks

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers

