Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"RHODEY!"The shout was a bellow of pure, unadulterated joy, and it echoed down the length of the train platform. Rhodey, who heard it and knew what was coming, set his bags down just in time for Tony to go barrelling into him with a leap, legs around his waist, arms around his shoulders, laughing joyously. Bucky, trailing behind Tony, took Rhodey's hand when he extended it from Tony's back, then grabbed the collar of Tony's shirt and peeled him off Rhodey, setting him on his feet."Look at you! It's been forever. I think you put on a few inches," Rhodey said, clapping Tony on the shoulder."It's the shoes," Tony said, lifting a foot to show them off. They were thick snow boots with rather more heel than a man's shoe generally had, but Tony had spent all week breaking them in and Bucky had to admit he was making them work for him."I see you're ready to get out on the ice again. Buck," Rhodey added, leaning in to give him a one-armed hug that Bucky returned clumsily. "Keeping the kid in line?""Doesn't need much, these days, the boots slow him down," Bucky replied. Tony gave them a dark-eyed scowl, but he couldn't sustain it."Come on, you gotta get settled in and get changed out of this stuff," Tony said, plucking at Rhodey's uniform."Respect, Tony!" Rhodey said, giving him a gentle shove. "I'm an officer of the US Air Force now, come on.""You'll always be Blueberry to me," Tony said, mocking a kiss on his cheek. "No uniforms, it's my birthday party tonight!""Gee, is it?" Rhodey asked. "You haven't mentioned it in any of your letters. Except for all of them.""The idea is," Tony said, leading him along towards the car, "Jarvis is sending our luggage over as soon as we get home. We are going to celebrate all night, and when we get tired, we just take a cab straight to the ship and get onboard and in the morning we're off to the arctic.""This is the worst idea ever," Rhodey said to Bucky."There's a lot could go wrong," Bucky agreed."What if we get on the wrong boat? What if we don't make it to the boat at all?" Rhodey asked, shooting Tony a teasing look."You have so little faith in me," Tony said."Well, I spent three years in college with you," Rhodey said."Bucky, he's being cruel, make him stop.""Stop," Bucky said, deadpan. "Please. Don't say such things. You monster.""Cruel," Tony repeated."How old are you gonna be again, twelve?" Rhodey asked, and Bucky hid a smile."Twenty, thank you very much," Tony answered with dignity, wrapping an arm around Rhodey's waist because he couldn't quite reach his shoulders comfortably. He had to disengage again almost immediately as they reached the car, where Jarvis was waiting. The older man gave Rhodey a pleased nod of welcome and held the door for him and Tony, while Bucky circled around to take shotgun."You're still taking this bodyguard gig seriously," Rhodey said, leaning forward to rest his chin on the back of Bucky's seat.Tony said "IXNAY!" at the same time Jarvis said, "There have been some threats made on Master Anthony's life.""What?" Rhodey asked, the surprise and anger in his voice clear. "Now that didn't make it into the letters, T. I wonder why?""They aren't specifically against him," Bucky allowed, as Jarvis pulled through the midday traffic, heading for the mansion."It's diplomatic, I'm afraid," Jarvis continued. "This year's search is slated for the eastern coast of Greenland. The Soviets aren't happy.""Greenland's got half of Europe between it and Russia.""Apparently half of Europe isn't enough. We had to do some fancy footwork just to calm them down," Tony said. "But none of them threatened to shoot me, that's just hearsay from unreliable sources.""I want to know what happened," Rhodey said."With due respect, Lieutenant Rhodes, it may be above your security clearance," Jarvis ribbed gently."I'm an attache to Stark Industries starting tomorrow," Rhodey pointed out."It's fine, Jarvis, I'll take the heat," Tony said, and launched into an extended monologue.Bucky tapped his fingers on the edge of the car door, resentful, as Tony and Jarvis explained things. Not...not of them, precisely, but of the entire situation -- his own history with the Soviets, the awkward madness of the cold war, the way Tony disregarded the USSR as a threat when they had kept Bucky on a leash for a long time. He knew he was a threat, and he knew they were a threat when they could produce men like him. It had been Hydra, operating within the Russian state, but still --"So there's a diplomatic...doodah, I don't remember what his title is -- ""Observer," Bucky put in. "A diplomatic observer from the USSR is assigned to the ship. Fella named Romanoff. He'll be a spy.""Who cares? We won't have anything sensitive onboard," Tony said dismissively. "It's not even a new ship, it's older than I am.""With some modifications," Bucky said."And we will if we find Captain America," Rhodey pointed out. "Plus anything you doodle on a napkin becomes sensitive information, T, you 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James Rhodes background

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - 1960s
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Arctic Exploration
Cold War
Boats and Ships

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James Rhodes background

