Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Pepper Potts was seen earlier today in the Upper East Side leaving Kleinfeld Bridal.  The CEO has been busy planning her impending nuptials to renowned environmental lawyer, Jonathan Roberts, which are expected to take place in just a couple of months.  The two met at a Maria Stark Foundation function last year after being introduced by mutual friend, and Ms. Potts’ ex, billionaire Tony Stark.”


“Speaking of Tony Stark: it looks like the self-proclaimed ‘playboy’ hasn’t been living up to his reputation all that much.  Stark hasn’t been involved with anyone since his breakup with Stark


Industries’ CEO over two years ago, nor has he made many public appearances.”


“I wouldn’t say that.  He’s been photographed with his teammates and roommates often enough around the city.”


“Yeah, but I highly doubt Tony Stark is dating Captain Amer—”

“Are you seriously watching this trash?”
“You know how much I love celebrity gossip,” Steve quipped, turning the page of his book.  He continued his reading, even when he felt Tony lean against the back of the couch and rest his chin on Steve’s shoulder.
“A Short History of Nearly Everything,” Tony observed. “Still trying to catch up to the modern world, I see.” 
“Bruce lent it to me.”
Tony made a sound of approval. “I won’t deny he has good taste in literature.  Don’t know if I can say the same for his wardrobe.”
Steve turned his head and found Tony’s face inches away from his.  However, he wasn’t fazed in the slightest—he had long ago grown accustomed to Tony invading his personal space. “That’s not very nice.” 
“Relax.  He already knows I’m not nice,” Tony said with a grin.  He gave Steve a casual onceover. “On the other hand, it looks like you’ve learned how to clean up pretty well.  What is this, Ralph Lauren?” he asked, tugging at the collar of Steve’s t-shirt. “Are you wearing a Ralph
Lauren undershirt, Steve?”
“They’re comfortable,” Steve said with a shrug.  It was the truth.  Once Tony had shown him the pleasures of finer clothing, he’d realized he couldn’t go back. “Weren’t you the one who told me to indulge every now and then?”
“Yes, I was and I am so glad you listened to me.  I’m sure the entire female population of New
York would like to thank me too.”
“You’re ridiculous.”
“I know.”  Without warning, Tony grabbed Steve’s book and tossed it to the other end of the couch.
Steve sent him the most intimidating glare he could muster. “I was reading that.”
“Oh, relax.  You can read that in your sleep, Mr. Greatest Tactical Mind in the World.” “Not the point.”
Tony ignored him and got to his feet.  “C’mon, let’s get some pizza.  I’m starving, and I’d bet good money that you are too.”
It was just Steve’s luck that his stomach chose that exact moment to growl very loudly.
“I’ll meet you downstairs in ten!” Tony sang, already on his way to the elevator.
 

 
“I don’t care if you’re paying for it, Tony.  I am not having live doves at my wedding.”
“Why not?” 

“It’s tacky.”

“Oh, c’mon, Pep,” Tony whined.  In hindsight, he probably should’ve asked Pepper before giving the wedding planner the go-ahead.  “Next thing I know, you’ll be calling that giant bunny I got you for Christmas ‘tacky.’”
“It was,” Pepper stated, and Tony could practically hear her rolling her eyes at him all the way from the Pacific.
“Now, that’s just hurtful.”  The doors slid open and he stepped out of the elevator and out under the fluorescents of the garage. “What about—”
“No ice sculptures either, Tony,” Pepper cut in. “This is supposed to be a small, simple and classy affair.”
“You ruin all the fun.”  Okay, so maybe he still needed a lesson on extravagance, but this was Pepper’s wedding, and he just wanted her to have the absolute best.
“I try,” Pepper said dryly. “Now go.  Don’t keep Steve waiting.”
Tony paused mid-step and looked up to find Steve casually leaning against the hood of the Bugatti and jabbing away at his phone. “You’re the one who called me,” he said into the phone. “How’d you even know he was here?”
“I have my ways,” Pepper said without further explanation. “Bye, Tony.”  
“Yeah, okay.  Bye.” Tony pocketed his phone and turned his attention to Steve. “Your fixation on this car is getting a little unhealthy,” he remarked as he approached the taller man. 
“It’s a nice car,” Steve defended as he slid his own phone into his jacket. 
“I won’t argue with that.”
“So are you evergoing to let me drive it?”
“Not a chance, Rogers,” Tony said as they both got into the car and buckled up. “I’ve seen the way you drive.”
Steve looked affronted. “I’m a good driver.”  
“Your track record says otherwise.” Tony started up the car. “Of the two of us, who flew a plane into the ocean?”
“It was a Nazi plane and there were bombs,” Steve said indignantly. “I had no time and there was nowhere to land.”
“Your self-sacrificial streak is ridiculous,” Tony said. “You turned yourself into a capsicle and now you’re stuck here in the future with me.”
“I could think of harsher punishments
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake Dating
Misunderstandings
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Angst
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
Mutual Pining
Sharing a Bed
First Time
First Kiss
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Hijinks & Shenanigans

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

