Chapter 1: Attaining the Asset
    




Chapter Text
The asset breaks through the surface, holding the mission tightly against its chest with its working arm. It ensures the mission is not breathing in the contaminated water and takes in the current situation as it uses its legs to propel the two of them to the riverbank opposite the government center. The final air carrier is approximately 57 meters above the water and losing altitude rapidly. The river is thick with flight fluids and petrol; debris hit and sink at regular intervals, creating obstacles to swim around and avoid.The mission is unconscious, weighs approximately 120 kilograms, has lost of a minimum of one liter of blood, has fluid in his lungs, and has sustained injuries from the asset: three gunshot wounds -- outer left thigh, outer left bicep, upper left abdominal -- possible cracked or broken ribs, shallow laceration to the upper right pectoral, broken jaw, shattered cheekbone, split lip, black eyes, bruised and bloody temple, probable concussion. All injuries given by the asset should heal without aid if the mission is enhanced similarly to the asset. The fluid in the mission’s chest is priority. As the asset’s feet reach the silty bottom of the river bank, the asset’s mind jumps to the task of retrieving the mission’s weapon of choice before disregarding the task. The mission threw the shield away, doesn’t want it anymore, wants the asset instead. The asset is the mission’s new weapon of choice.As the asset slogs through the knee-high water and gasoline, it quickly assess its own functionality and injury tolerance levels. Dislocated right shoulder, deeply bruised right thigh, severe bruising of chest and abdominals from the steel beam, probable internal organ damage to spleen, kidneys, and liver. The asset has been out of cryogenesis for 102 hours; it has 18 hours before it will require a minimum of two 90-minute sleep cycles. Functionality: acceptable. Injury tolerance: approved. All damage will heal without medical aid, but the limb must be placed back into joint.The asset sets the mission on the grass above the water as gingerly as it can with only one functional arm before leaning against the nearest tree and reinstating the weaker shoulder. It strides back to the mission, kneels, and begins chest compressions. Nine in and the mission rolls, spitting out water and vile liquid. As the mission lies on his back once more, his unfocused eyes catch sight of the asset. Without fear, he reaches a shaky hand out to the asset. The asset does not move, allows the mission to desperately grip the kevlar covering its torso, to pull his head and shoulders onto the asset’s thighs, curl around the asset’s body. “Stay. Don’t leave me again,” the mission shudders out a sob and the asset does not know what to do. “Stay with me.”The plea is a demand, has just enough force to be an order.“Command: accepted.” The mission lets out another sob before coughing out more contaminated fluid and falling unconscious again. The asset quickly moves the mission off its thighs, pulls up the blue and so very red uniform shirt to check the bullet wound, which has stopped bleeding; the asset can see the flesh knitting itself slowly back together. The mission must have a higher enhanced level of healing than the asset. Condition: approved.The asset is a highly desired weapon, does the best work; it knows this and it has selected a new master. Its previous handlers will not be pleased. Complete muscle control keeps the shiver from working its way through the asset’s frame. The asset throws all weaponry with locators into the flaming river, only seven knives remain. It strips out of its uniform, takes the slenderest blade, cuts out the four chemical-laden trackers in its flesh -- inner right groin, upper left iliac crest, lower sternum, posterior to the right ear. The asset removes plates from its arm, extracts the two separate trackers carefully, and re-plates its arm. All the locators then follow the trackable weaponry into the river. The mission is searched for locators, but there are none to be found. The sound of helicopters -- surveillance -- draws the asset’s attention. Time elapsed since the mission fell from the carrier: 2 minutes 57 seconds. The asset quickly redresses before it hauls the mission over its left shoulder and takes cover under the trees, running away from the government building, the burning carriers, and its old handlers./\/\/\The asset runs until the light woods end. 38 meters away is a suburban area that appears deserted for the moment. 52 meters away and next to a brick house, there is a family van with tinted windows. It will have a Global Positioning System, but it will have to do; they must leave immediately. The asset checks the perimeter once more before running top speed to the vehicle, setting the mission against the rear tire between the house and the vehicle, hiding them from sight. The asset jimmies open the front door, then unlocks the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
POV Multiple
POV Outsider
Red Room
Vengeful Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Homophobia
Internalized Homophobia
Asexual Character
Internalized Acephobia
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Asexual Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha Feels
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Panic Attacks
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Nudity
non-sexual nudity
a lot of it
Bucky and Natasha Have a Unique Relationship
Courtroom Drama
Trials
News Media
TV News
Social Media
This Is Not Justice
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Memory Loss
Torture
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
BAMF Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Feels
Possessive Steve
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Recovering
POV Bucky Barnes
POV Steve Rogers
POV Natasha Romanov
POV Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Feels
Body Dysphoria
Platonic Cuddling
Naked Cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

