Work Text:






"Contracts and Negotiations.""Bunnies and death metal."Coulson takes a moment to blink at her before he says, "Um, what?""I thought you were telling me two things you like. I was reciprocating," Darcy says, tapping her pen on the pad of paper near her elbow."No it's... wait, death metal, really?""Those guys are super enthusiastic and there's generally costumes. I like passion and drama in my music.""Okay, per usual you're derailing me from my point.""I live to serve," Darcy says, cuts Coulson a salute and he almost rolls his eyes which is about as close as he ever gets to breaking his stern corporate-ninja character."C&N is a department that you're getting transferred to.""What? Why? Did someone complain? Am I in trouble? Was it the thing with the grape juice and the monkey because I totally apologized about-""Darcy!" Coulson stops her babble with a quick slice of his hand through the air. "This isn't a bad thing.""Then why do I feel like I'm being sent to the naughty corner?""You're not a scientist.""Dammit," Darcy says, making an exaggerated shocked face at Coulson. "I knew someone would notice eventually.""What I mean is, you're kind of wasted being in the labs. I'm sure Doctor Foster likes having you here and Doctor Banner has certainly been... amused by your presence but we need to think about what makes you happy.""I'm still sensing some sugar coating going on," Darcy says although she's pretty sure she knows what Coulson's talking about. Darcy's been getting increasingly bored as tasks are taken off her hands by Jane's new army of minions and has started ghosting around the other lab spaces, picking up odd jobs. That's how she met, and apparently amused Doctor Banner who always finds her something to do that is away from him.She doesn't take it personally because he seems to do that with everyone.“You have an eye for detail and a capacity to translate incomprehensible gibberish into the written word. Our C&N department works a little differently than most because we have unique circumstances but believe me when I say that I think you’ll thrive there.”“But Jane-”“Doctor Foster wants what’s best for you, as do we all. She knows you’ve been... unsatisfied for a little while now.”Darcy narrows her eyes. “As long as it isn’t about you guys hiding me like some weird kid locked in the attic eating fish heads.”It looks like Coulson gets a little thrown by that image for a moment. “I... no, that’s not what this is about.”“Alright then,” Darcy says brightly. “Do I get my own office?”“You get a cubicle. You know we have an open plan policy.”“Drats.”

*
Darcy’s put in Quality Assurance, where she’s checking documents other people have drawn up, ensuring contracts have important stuff like end dates and that non-disclosure agreements don’t have loop holes. The work is different every day, people start coming to her for all types of advice and Darcy really starts to enjoy herself while still giving Coulson sad panda eyes on occasion just to make him twitch and keep buying her cupcakes.She even forcibly kicks SHIELD into the current century by creating an easily accessible internal only database and then loading the years and years of actual paper paperwork into it.She gets her own minion to help with the scanning which is awesome.She’s well and truly settled in which is why she relaxes and so isn’t expecting a heart attack in the form of Pepper Potts standing in front of her desk. “Oh hello!” Darcy squeaks because she recognizes Pepper from all kinds of gossip columns and news stories. The woman is imposing with perfect hair and impossible heels. Darcy is not what has Pepper’s attention though.“Where did this come from?” Pepper asks. She’s scooped the Iron Man plush doll off Darcy’s desk and is staring at it, fascinated.“I made it,” Darcy admits after a beat, unsure whether that’s super lame or what. She still doesn’t know many people in the city and Jane is consumed with trying to find a permanent way to bridge the gap between Earth and Asgard so she doesn’t have a lot of free time. Coulson has lunch with her every now and again but Darcy’s nights are mostly her own and she’s always found she becomes destructive when she has too much idle time on her hands.The now infamous juice and monkey incident is one such example and why most of the lab assistants won’t talk to her, let alone ask her to Friday night sushi.In short, Darcy puts the skills her mother forced upon her to good use and makes stuff to amuse herself. Having an Iron Man and Captain America plush duo on her desk that she can place into compromising positions whenever she wants is one such way. Thankfully, Captain America is currently working double-duty as a placeholder on a file she’s got open and isn’t engaging in plushie frottage with Iron Man like he usually is so Darcy doesn’t have to be quite as mortified as she could have been.“It’s the most darling thing ever,” Pepper says, touching one perfectly shaped nail to the little button
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Plushies
romcom
Going On Facebook: A Darcy Lewis Fic Exchange

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

