Chapter 1



Notes:
ETA: I have never been in a bdsm relationship, and obviously there is a power imbalance here because of the set up of this fic, so please take everything I write with a grain of salt. This is not meant to portray real life.Sorry for how long I've been gone!  This past summer was crazy, what with moving and writing nearly 47K for my cap_ironman big bang.  I'll be posting that later this month, but this was the beginning of the other fic I started for big bang but then discarded, because I thought my first idea would be shorter.  FML.  Anyway, I have no idea if I'll continue it, so anyone who hates WIPs for exactly this reason, feel free to back away now.  I completely understand.I might write more though, depending on response.  >_>  *cough, cough*  If I do continue, the warnings and rating will definitely go up, so.Also, this is a loose definition of "forced bonding" but whatever, for the "forced bonding" square of my avengers_tables card.Unbeta'd.




Chapter Text
"Fuck my life.  Why me?" Tony asked.“I would think that would be obvious.  Your father was instrumental in creating him after all,” Fury said, watching him, although if he was expecting Tony to give something away, then he was going to be disappointed.  Tony had plenty of practice not reacting when anyone mentioned his dad.Of course, most of the time, people were commenting on how similar they were, or how completely dissimilar, or how Howard would be so disappointed, or proud, or impressed, or whatever else they could come up with to use against Tony.  Bringing up Captain America was a new one though, he had to admit.  But then, Captain America had been buried in ice for the past seventy years, so.And it wasn’t like it was common knowledge that he was back, otherwise Tony would’ve been getting all sorts of questions from the press, because yes, Tony was a Stark, but Steve Rogers had been Howard’s favored son.It was that fact that Fury was counting on when he dangled Captain America like bait in front of him, even though he knew Tony liked his privacy and disliked attachments and had never accepted a long-term Sub.  Howard Stark had spent years and millions of dollars searching for Captain America, attention and energy that he hadn’t ever focused in the same way on Tony, and Fury had to be thinking that there was no way he was going to walk away from that, from having the man his father had preferred over Tony down on his knees in front of him.  And if it happened to kill two birds with one stone, all the better.  SHIELD had been trying to get their hooks into him for years—weapons designer extraordinaire (even if he’d said he’d left that behind him, there was always the possibility that they could convince him otherwise), technology genius, owner and operator of the one and only Iron Man—and if he accepted responsibility for Captain America, they’d have it.  SHIELD had found the guy after all, and he was still technically in the Army, government property in other words, and there’d be check-ins and check-ups, and no Dom worth his salt would let his Sub go into those alone without at least being in the next room.  They’d have Tony by the balls, and Fury knew it, the bastard.  Assuming he agreed.  Which, Tony totally wasn’t planning to do.  No way.  Nuh uh.“Two, you’re aware of the history, and while you’re impulsive and arrogant and all too frequently a pain in my ass—”“Wow, you sure know how to make a guy feel special.”“—you can keep a secret.  Three, you’re currently unbonded, and Rogers is going to need someone to help him through the adjustment period.  Four—”  “That’s all well and good for you, but what’s in it for me?” he asked, like the answer wasn’t obvious.  He’d watched the reels.  No one could watch Captain America in action and not go a little gaga for him.  Even without all the shared (but not really) history they had, Captain America was a prize all on his own.  “Besides helping your country and taking care of a hero who’s sacrificed—” “Philanthropic, yes, but no one’s ever accused me of being compassionate, Fury.  I give hundreds of millions of dollars every year to charities, including ones to support veterans coming back from war, and furthermore, guilt trips have never been known to work with me.  Give me a reason I can get behind, because all I’m thinking about right now is how it’s a drain on my resources and time during one of the busiest months of the year for Stark Industries, how he and I haven’t even met and might not be compatible, how it sounds like a glorified baby-sitting job, and really?  I think there are a lot of people out there who’d be better suited to this than me.”Fury stared at him thoughtfully with his one good eye for a long time before nodding and saying, “Alright.  Come with me.”-----The first thought Tony had when he saw Captain America was that he wanted to climb him like a tree.  The second was that it was a good thing Captain America’s ass wasn't any rounder, because otherwise, Tony
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom!Tony
sub!Steve
Dubious Consent
Angst
Slow Build
Slooooooooooooow Build
Mild Med Kink
mild pain play
Kinky stuff will get a little less mild as we go on
just so you know
Breath Control Play
Oral Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Rimming
Pining
Misunderstandings
Fingerfucking
Mechanical tentacle sex
Exhibitionism
Bondage
Biting
Anal Sex
Nipple Play
Punishment
stress position
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Fucking Machines
mention of watersports
Predicament Bondage
I want to stress the dubious consent here
They are not making good decisions
Under-negotiated Kink
Not Safe/Sane/Consensual because of emotional factors
Safewords
Safeword Use
Top drop/Sub drop
Embedded Images
NSFW
NSFW Art
I'm not kidding about the angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
It's a long road but we're taking it together
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom Tony Stark
Pet Play

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

