Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The sun was trying to get through the thick umbrella that the trees made but for the most part, the light was unsuccessful. Harry did see a few almost puddles of light on the forest floor as he walked through the forest. It was a humid summer day, so that he was warm enough that he didn't have to wear a jumper. Harry could hear the trees move in the slight breeze, the leaves crinkling quietly. He could also hear a herd of centaurs moving about in the forest, rather close by.Harry made sure he had easy access to his wand and continued walking, wanting to get the most recent nightmare out of his mind. The nightmare he had had last night was again of Cedric and then of what happened in the graveyard three months ago. He was so preoccupied by his thoughts that he didn't see or hear one of the centaurs coming up to him.“Mr. Potter?”Harry yelped and looked up after staring at the ground, lost in his thoughts. Firenze was standing before him, looking at him expectantly. The centaur was alone; Harry couldn't hear or see any other centaur or animal in the forest. For that matter, he couldn't hear any of the regular sounds that the forest made.“Yes, sir?”Firenze stared at him with an odd expression then nodded. “There is a human teenager on the south east side of the forest who is hurt. I thought you would like to know.”“Hurt?” Harry repeated, narrowing his eyes.“Yes. You are the only young human to walk this forest this summer, aside from Hagrid, and you are not the one that I am referring to. He appeared ten minutes ago and I think he is unconscious.”“Appeared? Like apparated?”Firenze shook his head and his tail swished. “I don't believe so. The stars told me that he isn't a wizard but there was magic around him.”Harry nodded and glanced around. He was at the north end of the forest now and it would take him at least an hour to get there. And something told him the unnamed teenager needed help right now.“I will carry you there, if you like. I know it is a long way there,” Firenze offered.Harry glanced up into the centaur's blue eyes. “But I thought your herd hadn't liked you carrying me back in first year?”“Aiding humans is not so bad in my opinion. I aided you when you were younger because you could get rid of the malevolent presence in the forest. I can aid you now because my herd is not here.”Harry raised a skeptical eyebrow but nodded. “If you don't mind...”Firenze walked over to Harry's side and waited patiently. It didn't take long for Harry to jump up onto Firenze's back, taking care to not overly hurt the centaur. “I'm ready when you are.”Firenze started off at a walk then took off at a quicker pace, cantering through the woods. They passed some thestrals on the way to their destination, which Hagrid had told Harry about earlier in the summer. That had been before the half giant had left on a secret mission for Dumbledore and two months had passed since then. The ghostly, black winged horses looked up at Firenze and Harry as they passed them then went back to eating.They were just fifteen minutes away from where Firenze had said the teenager would be when they heard an explosion. Firenze shouted in surprise and slowed to a walk, cautiously picking his way through the forest.“You're right,” Harry muttered, as he extended his magic over the area and into the southern part of the forest.“About?” Firenze asked as he walked on.“Whomever it is, they have magic and they're conscious,” Harry explained wearily. “The explosion or whatever it was, was caused by magic. We need to hurry.”“I will take you as far as I can,” Firenze replied.Harry nodded.They walked on, encountering some fleeing birds as they went. Harry could feel the other's magic by now and it felt… alien. He had never felt this kind of magic before, this cold and wild. And it felt… The magic felt fearful, like the person was scared and powerful.A minute later, as Firenze started to take another step, he gave a sound that almost sounded like a whinny or a snort. Harry could feel the horse part of Firenze almost dance around, like he was recovering from a small hurt or something. “I cannot go any further.”Harry blinked and looked further into the small clearing that they had been headed into. If he squinted, he could see a thin, green shield of magic around the tiny clearing. “Okay, I'll go on ahead. See if I can help.”“You are not suppose to leave the castle grounds,” Firenze reminded him gently.“I'm still in the forest,” Harry retorted. “Those are castle grounds, aren't they?”Firenze sighed and backed up, waiting until Harry jumped off.“The castle grounds wards wouldn't let any Death Eater in. I'll be safe.”Firenze nodded apprehensively, returning Harry's skeptical look from before. “Shoot up a spark of red if you need anything.”“I will. Thanks for the ride.”“You are most welcome, young wizard.”Harry watched as Firenze left and then turned back to the small, tiny clearing in the forest that hadn't been there the day before. Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Hogwarts Fifth Year
Humor
Angst
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Top Harry
Manipulative Dumbledore
Alternate Universe - Norse Religion & Lore
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Sirius Black/Remus Lupin

