Work Text:
Tony would have found fleecing Carl Westfahl at blackjack a little depressing--it was just so easy--if he weren't such a tediously awful person. They never bet money. Westfahl wasn't as rich as Tony was, but he was rich enough and stupid enough to make money meaningless to him. They bet lives, instead. Tony had come to this party determined to get one particular life into the pot. "Don't you raise me another virgin who's just going to cry all the time," Tony said, when Westfahl had hit the reckless part of the evening and Tony knew there simply wasn't an ace or a seven left in the deck. "Haven't you got anything interesting? At least broken in?"Westfahl looked at the pot and looked at Tony. He got an expression on his face that said he was about to attempt to be cunning. Tony sat back. Westfahl was actually pretty good at getting what he wanted in terms of the immediate outcome. It was just the second consequence that he usually couldn't foresee, any more than he could keep track of the way the deal was going to fall in the next hand, or next three hands. Tony didn't know enough about what he was gambling for to know whether Westfahl's cunning happened to align with his own goals, but the only way to find out was to play out the hand."Broken in, huh." Westfahl scribbled down a fresh IOU and tossed it into the pot.Tony didn't look at the IOU. He scribbled down a name and tossed it in after Westfahl's, and he dealt the cards.When Westfahl hit fourteen against Tony's twenty, he looked uneasily at the pot; Tony could see him actually thinking something through, which was possibly a first. "You want another card?" Tony asked, tapping the back of the deck. Westfahl frowned, thinking hard. But he wasn't looking at the cards; he was still looking at the pot. Tony let himself glance at the IOUs at the top of the pile. Westfahl's was just a string of numbers, and Tony made his eyes flick lazily back to Westfahl's face, betraying nothing. "You already made your bet. You take it back now, I'm going to have to tell people you don't honor your debts."Westfahl winced, but didn't rush to defend himself. "It's just--it was a gift from my uncle."Well, shit.The main reason Westfahl had survived to his magnificently stupid adulthood was that his parents had made friends of an array of terrifyingly powerful men who Westfahl called uncle."Which one?" Tony asked, leaning back, trying to look socially nosy and not uncharacteristically intel-hungry. Westfahl shook his head firmly. "Nope. That thing's on a sealed record. No prior ownership information.""But you do own it," Tony pointed out. "So it's yours to bet.""I do own it," Westfahl said, looking down at his cards, Tony's cards, the deck, and back to the pot. His eyes wandered, greedily, to the IOUs Tony had tossed down, then back to his own stake. "I just... if I have to register a transfer of ownership, my uncle's going to find out. He always finds out.""So we come back to you not honoring your debts," Tony prodded, nudging Westfahl neatly into the dilemma of immediate humiliation versus possible future fates worse than death in the form of an aggravated uncle. Maybe, if Tony was reading this right, an uncle whose slaves Tony very rarely had a chance to get his hands on. Maybe an uncle who Tony had had to program into the Machine as an automatic no-go to stop the flood of unrescuables from overwhelming his ability to do anything at all.But that wasn't the point. The point was that he had to get that IOU from Westfahl, and get him to honor it."I suppose..." Tony said slowly. Westfahl looked up, eager for a solution."I mean, you'll still owe me one of your boring crying virgins to make up the difference," Tony said first. "But if you agreed to lease that one to me under private contract, it wouldn't have to be registered as a sale, and your uncle wouldn't have to find out. Unless he's been stopping by to check on it."Westfahl beamed at Tony's suggestion that he give Tony everything he wanted. "Oh! Of course--just a loan, then if Uncle asks again I can just say a friend borrowed the thing temporarily.""A lease," Tony corrected. "A private contract, as in a written contract. If one of your uncles is involved, I'm not taking that thing with just a handshake. I want verifiable legal possession.""Sure, sure," Westfahl flapped his hand. "And if it dies, you can just send it back to me and I can tell my uncle that. He won't mind if I kill it, he said he wouldn't. He just wouldn't like it if I... you know.""Regifted it?" Tony asked.Westfahl made a face. "No, it's just--it's creepy. It stares at me, I don't want him thinking I couldn't handle it. Come on, come on, deal me another card."Tony turned over a nine and smiled, raking in the slips of paper that meant half a dozen lives in his hands. "Double or...?"Tony glared and Westfahl deflated. "Okay, right, okay. I'll have security package them up, I bet you're going to take them all away tonight.""I'll have a truck come for them
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
Sexual Slavery
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Torture
Surgery
Medical Procedures
Chastity Device
Hurt/Comfort
Gentleness
Blankets
Hand Feeding
Dehumanization
Consent Issues
Starvation
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Stockholm Syndrome

fandom: 
None
