Work Text:
Darcy loved her Soulmark. As far as she was concerned, it was the best thing ever. It pointed her towards a new hobby, and it gave her an excuse to scandalize her Soulmate (and other people, until she found him). But just a little bit. 
 Steve was terrified of his Soulmate. But… mostly in a good way. 
 Darcy didn’t much understand fire drills. Well, she sort of did. She got that it was good to practice, so that if there was a fire, they would know where to go. She got that. But they didn’t want them to behave the way they actually would if there was a fire.
Because, really? “Oh dear, there seems to be a fire inside my classroom. I had better abandon my backpack—because it would take too long to pick it up—and walk in an orderly fashion out of the burning room.”

Darcy thought that was stupid, and she liked to ignore stupid rules. So, when a fire drill came around, she grabbed her stuff and ran, yelling, “Fire!” as she went.

When she got to her class’s appointed place, she sat down and pulled out her knitting.
 
 Darcy was kind of regretting her life choices. She’d said yes when Jeremy asked her to Prom because he was cute and she was kind of flattered, but he’d spent the night trying—and at least he was trying—not to stare at her boobs and failing.
And yeah, he should have better self-control, something for him to work on, but right then he didn’t, and it was annoying. So Darcy, as nicely as she could, told him to go find someone else to dance with.

That caught his attention. She explained again and suggested he get in the habit of looking a girl in the eye when he talked to her.

He started swearing at her and calling her names, absolutely furious that she was unwilling to make herself a sexual object for him to look at and “use”—his word, not hers.

Darcy kneed him in the balls and walked away, leaving him curled up and making pained noises in the middle of the dance floor.

She grabbed her things and called her parents.

While she waited for them to come pick her up, she knitted.
 
 Darcy was washing her hands when the yelling and screaming started. After half a second’s thought, she pulled out her phone.
“911, what’s your emergency?”

“Hello, yes, I’m at the bank, and I’m in the bathroom, but there’s a lot of yelling and screaming out there—in the lobby, I mean. It might not be a robbery, but I’m not checking. So, you might want to send some—okay, that was a gunshot. I’m gonna say that’s a ‘yes’ to the robbery question.” At the operator’s prompting, she gave the bank’s name and location, then ended the call.

She looked around the bathroom, looked at the door for a moment, then shrugged and sat on the counter.

She might as well get some knitting done while she was waiting for the police to show up.
 
 Darcy wasn’t completely sure what was going on. Jack-Booted Thug #3 had shoved her, Jane, and Eric into a room and told them to ‘wait for debriefing.’
Jane was clearly itching to get back to her lab, and Eric was just looking twitchy.

Darcy dug around in her bag until she found a ball of yarn, then pulled two knitting needles out of her hair and got started on a new scarf.
 
 Darcy was looking for Jane. Unfortunately, Jane was looking for someone else, so she kept finding the places Jane had just left. But, judging by the yelling she could hear coming from inside, she had finally found the correct office.Sure enough, there was Jane, yelling at a man with an eyepatch. And off to the side… was that the Black Widow? And Tony Stark?Stark glanced at her, gave her an appreciative once-over (which Darcy did not appreciate), then went back to gleefully watching Jane and Captain Eyepatch yelling at each other.
Romanov looked a bit longer, then looked away dismissively. Darcy was offended for half a second before she remembered—Black Widow. Yeah, she’d dismiss her, too.

Jane seemed to be enjoying herself, so Darcy sat against a wall and pulled out her knitting.

Out of the corner of her eye, she could see that Romanov was looking at her again; a glance showed that the look was amused, and slightly intrigued. Stark was looking between her and Captain Eyepatch, looking for all the world like he couldn’t decide which spectacle he should be watching.

Darcy continued counting stitches.

She was at a tricky part in the pattern when Captain Eyepatch fell silent mid-sentence, so she didn’t look up from her needles. He walked around his desk and stood next to her. Loomed over her, really. Just for that—and, again, still on a tricky part—Darcy kept her eyes on her work. “Something I can help you with, Captain Eyepatch?”

Based on the sounds, Jane had slapped her forehead and Stark had choked, then said, “Oh, I like her!”

“Who the hell are you? And why the hell are you knitting in my office?”

Darcy held up a finger. “Just a sec…” she said, and finished the row. With a nod, she wrapped up the excess yarn and stood. “Ooh, you’ve got a vein-thingy on your temple. I didn’t know that could happen in real life. You
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Women Being Awesome
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Knitting
Violence with knitting needles
Kidnapping
Disturbed Steve Rogers
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
BAMF Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov

