Chapter 1: Beginnings.
    




Chapter Text
Skye ran up the steps of the girls building at St. Agnes Orphanage with her backpack on her back and holding the garbage bag of clothes. She opened the door to the room marked A that she would be sharing with seven other girls. She looked around for an open bunk and spied the only one on the left side, marked number five, a top one. She sighed. Skye hated top bunks. She moved over to it, set her stuff down and climbed up. She used the sheets folded on the bed to make up her bed and threw the well worn fraying blanket over the top sheet and grabbed the pillow and threw it up to one end. She jumped off the bunk and grabbed her stuff, throwing the backpack on her bunk, and then opening the two small drawers labeled with the number five and started putting her clothing from the garbage bag into them. She grabbed the new sneakers and threw them up on her bunk intending to find a hiding spot, before one of the other girls took them from her. It was always best to not advertise you got new or nice stuff with you when you came back. Skye always came back. 
	After hiding her sneakers and backpack securely on her bunk, she  shuffled off to the bathroom to place her toothbrush and hairbrush in their spots, using the marker in the bathroom to mark her number five on them. The nuns liked everything in order and would be checking soon to see that she complied with the rules. The bathroom they used had four showers, two sinks and four toilets. Rooms A and B shared this bathroom. Sixteen girls, ages 8-10 used them. They divided the girls by age. The upstairs section housed the older ones ages 8-12. Four rooms, two baths, and thirty-two girls. Rooms C and D had the older ones, the 11-12 year olds. After you turned 13, you went to the other building up the block.  The youngest ones had the bottom floor. The boys' building was across the parking lot from them and set up the exact same way. This was Skye's second time in the bigger girls' section, since she had recently turned 8 years old. 
	She left the bathroom and stood in the hallway. It had been over 4 hours since she had left the Stuarts' house and her tummy was rumbling. She hadn't eaten breakfast, only had time to gather her stuff, while her social worker waited to bring her back to St Agnes. She had been driven back in bad traffic, she knew it was bad, cause Miss Kate  kept cursing about it and cursed about it being a Saturday and her day off too, so it took a while to get back to the orphanage. Then Skye had to sit through the paperwork and getting told off by Sister Anne for being bad and being sent back. So it was already after eleven in the morning and Skye was hungry. Lunch was not served until 1:00pm on Saturdays and Sundays so Skye decided to sneak into the kitchen to grab an apple. 
	She ran down the steps, exited thru the side door and walked the few feet to the main building that housed the offices and cafeteria. She almost made it inside before Angie and Rhonda blocked her way. They were older than Skye and they always went out of their way to be mean to her. Skye's best chance was for someone to walk by. Of course that never happened. Not with Skye's luck. She gazed around contemplating her chance of escape. Rhonda stepped further into Skye's space taking away the running away thought. Skye was now effectively boxed in. She could not believe she let them do that to her again. 
	"Lookie here Ang. Slant eyes is back. That did not last long, what 6 weeks? No one likes you, do they?" Rhonda emphasized her words by pushing Skye's shoulder. Hard. 
	"Well, no one likes a 'dummy' to be in their family. Or a kid of unknown origin. What are you Mary Sue?, chink or what?" 
	Skye swallowed hard but said nothing. it never helped to say anything. Sometimes it just made it worse. Rhonda waved her hand up and down in front of Skye's face.
	"You hoo. Hey dumbass. Answer her. Are you Chinese? Japanese? Oh wait. You wouldn't know since your parents dropped you off here without even a name."
	Skye could never figure out how by pointing out she was an orphan made her worse then them. They were at St Agnes without parents too. But she still said nothing. She merely gazed around again trying to see if anyone else was around. Nope. 
	"So Mary. Get anything good? Anything new? Your fosters buy you something? Maybe if you tell me," at this Angie pushed closer to Skye and grabbed her arm, "just maybe I'll be nice and let you go. If you tell me." 
	Skye knew she should have told her. She knew that pushing back would get her hurt in some way. But she was so tired of being pushed around and being laughed at and being teased so she shook off Angie's arm, reached up with her other arm held in front and pushed Angie and backed up a step, trying to turn and run. But Rhonda was too quick, as Skye felt her right arm getting grabbed and next thing she knew Angie had punched her in her face. Feeling Rhonda grab her other arm she struggled against her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
KidSkye
Philinda - Freeform
Bobbi is Phil's Adopted Daughter.
Foster kid Skye.
Kid Jemma Simmons
Kid Leo Fitz
Kid Lincoln Campbell
Kid Grant Ward
Kid Thomas Ward
Teen Bobbi
Teen Natasha Romanov
Teen Lance Hunter
Philinda/KidSkye
Past Child Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Child Neglect
Past Violence
Big Sister Bobbi Morse
Kid Skye | Daisy Johnson

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

