Chapter 1: Pieces.
    




Chapter Text
She was broken. The pieces of her past had torn through her very being, forming her again, into a stoic, cold, and fearless women. That's what her outside showed everyone. She had learned to shut out hurts, pain and could mask her feelings as well as anyone. Her face never betrayed what she was thinking, or feeling. Her expressions consisting of more severe and less severe looks. 	That's who people saw. People who did not know her. Who did not see beyond the surface. That's how she wanted them to see her. 	Only one person ever saw that facade fade. Only when Melinda could not take it anymore, when it became too painful to hide, to hurtful to shut down, too broken to shield her heart. Only then did Phil Coulson see his wife break. And then he would come into her space, and he would hold her, and cry with her, and be there for her. 	What had happened shook her world to it's very core. Shook her to pieces that Phil almost could not put her back together. But he had. She had let him take her brokenness and she had let him wrap himself around her rips and scars and she had let him pick her up. 	Six years ago she had woken up one morning, happy, content, living the life she had always dreamed. Loving her husband and her career. Truly living a life full of wonder and amazement. Loving her child. Her amazing seven year old son. She'd had him later in life, already 35 years old. 	She was driving. It was raining and cold. It was nighttime. They had been at the movies. A Comic superhero movie. Her husband was a huge nerd who collected comic books.  His geekness did not stop there though. Phil also was a Star Wars nerd, and he collected old model cars, putting them together and then naming them. He had told her when they first were dating it was the only way he'd ever own such a car, especially on his meager teacher salary. He taught social studies at the local high school. 	They had met at her best friends party. Rosalind Price had her annual going back to school party and Melinda had agreed to help her with preparation and ended up staying. Roz, who had been Melinda's best friend since college was principal of the high school. Melinda had been searching the house looking for Roz to bid her goodbye, when she literally ran into Phil Coulson. He had been carrying some trash he must have gathered and tripped into Melinda. After apologizing profusely and turning a few shades of red, which Melinda found endearing, they had struck up a conversation and their relationship blossomed from there. Soon they were an item, and soon after that they were married. 	What struck people about them was just how different they were. Melinda was quiet and reserved while Phil, well Phil was not. He was outgoing and smiled all the time, a quick wit, funny and full of life. He was a true geek, relishing in that identity. He was a conversationalist, a practical joker, the life of the party. His students truly loved him, as he brought history to life for them, his passion for it obvious to all.	What most people did not know was that Melinda was also keen on practical jokes, had a sarcastic wit only brought out with a few close friends, and was also a history buff. They shared a love for history, taking many trips to New England and to Virginia to walk the trails of American history. And although Melinda never admitted it, she too was a geek at heart. 	They had married ten years ago, and had their son three years after that. Phil and Melinda were completely in love, with each other and their son. They named him after Phil's father, James. James Phillip Coulson. They called him Jamey. 	She was driving. They had been to the nine o'clock show which was fine since it was a Friday night. The theater showing the movie was thirty minutes away. They were halfway home. It was raining, cold and late. As they passed under the stop light, the truck slammed into them. The last thing Melinda remembered hearing that night was screaming. It wasn't until later she realized it had been her screams.	Melinda woke up in the hospital four days later. She had been put into a medically induced coma to help her brain swelling to go down. It did. The doctors told her she would make a full recovery. Her left arm was broken. her left ribs bruised with three cracked. Her facial lacerations and head injury would heal. Her body would heal. The doctors said with her being in top physical condition that she would heal quickly and she would have no lasting effects. She would heal. Her body would heal. 	Melinda knew something was horribly wrong when her father and mother, and Roz and Phil's younger sister Bobbi were all there. The news completely shattered her world. She would never see her beautiful son's smile again. Her husband was severely injured. Severe chest injuries. He might not make it. No Melinda thought. She would never heal. She would never recover. She was broken. Her soul was shattered into a million pieces.  	Skye woke up in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Victoria Hand/Isabelle Hartley
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Teen Skye
Alternate Universe - High School
Family
Hurt/Comfort
Past Child Abuse
Panic Attacks
Past Sexual Abuse
Philinda - Freeform

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Victoria Hand/Isabelle Hartley
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

