Chapter 1: At the Beginning
    




Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis certainly didn't set out to be a spy. It just kinda happened. It started with self-defence lessons from Nat, and lock picking with Clint. They give her tips on improving her hacking, how to dress to blend in or to stand out. Without her realising it, they've put her through the entire SHIELD espionage training, only without actually being part of SHIELD.This makes her the perfect person when Nat starts to suspect something hinky within SHIELD. A few modifications to her résumé, and she's SHIELD's newest administrative assistant, fresh from finishing her master's degree at Culver. Her thesis posited a new world order, one where power is given to the elite for the good of all. It's not long before she's quietly tapped on the shoulder to put her ideas into practice.With her new patronage, she rises up the ranks quickly, somehow ending up the handler for the STRIKE team. She relays orders and takes copious notes, has a finger in every pie. She acquires a reputation for being both fearsomely efficient and intolerant of mess.Brock Rumlow flirts with her constantly. She has the feeling he's testing her devotion to the cause, but she trained with Natasha Romanoff and can return in kind. She's the one who passed on the information about a mole on the Lemurian Star, somehow coordinates both sides of the hijacking. It gets harder and harder to keep both sides straight, and separate, but to fail would be deadly.When the asset is taken out of storage, she's secondary handler on the operation. She doesn't realise the target until it's too late to do anything but activate the Firebreak Protocol, leaving Fury seemingly dead and Captain America a fugitive. For her excellent service, she is promoted to personal assistant of Secretary Pierce himself. At his side, she learns the truth of Project Insight.She desperately tries to contact Steve, but he and Nat have gone off the grid so effectively even she can't find them. The next time she sees them, they're being pursued by the STRIKE team, and only through some fast talking does she convince Pierce that executing Captain America in broad daylight would be a very bad idea.She accompanies Pierce to that hideous parody of a debriefing and is appalled to learn "the asset is a person!?"Pierce smiles condescendingly. "Hardly. He is a tool, nothing more."She scrambles for words, somehow manages to sound disinterested, but of course she recognises him. "That hardly seems efficient."Pierce shrugs. "It was a different time, and he served his purpose well enough. Once Project Insight goes into action, I expect we will have him decommissioned."She injects outrage into her voice. It's not difficult. "At least clean his wounds! He's bleeding everywhere. And give him a haircut, it's so, so messy!"He laughs. "Order in all things, Miss Lewis? Very well, if you are so inclined, you can do it yourself, once they've recalibrated the conditioning. The workers here have their own duties."She is careful not to speak to him, not to treat him as a person, until her superiors have gone and the technicians are busy elsewhere."I'm so sorry about this. This is all I can do."He looks up at her, really focuses. "You're not like the others, are you?"The resulting pause in the clicking of the scissors makes the nearest agent look over in suspicion. Acting casually, she continues to snip away until he loses interest. Under the pretence of checking the length, she murmurs, "next time they let you out, meet me in front of the Lincoln Memorial."The day of the helicarrier launch, Pierce has her accompany him to the meeting of the World Security Council, and is surprised when his attempt to murder them doesn't go off. He shakes his head at her betrayal. "Such a pity, Miss Lewis. There would've been such need of your services in the new world order. But even you cannot disable Project Insight from here. Watch us rise!"He certainly didn't count on the efforts of Steve and Sam, who are curiously unimpeded as they switch the controller chips aboard the helicarriers.She finds him waiting for her in front of the Lincoln Memorial, just one more in a crowd of horrified onlookers. Together, they watch as the helicarriers crash and burn, turning the Triskelion into rubble and his life from the last 70 years into so much smoke on the wind."Is this the end?"  he asks, gripping her hand tightly."No, Bucky. This is the beginning."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Songfic
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Awesome Darcy Lewis
BAMF Darcy
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hydra (Marvel)
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

