Chapter 1: Darcy Lewis meets the Winter Solider
    




Chapter Text
When Darcy Lewis was 12 years old, she met the Winter Soldier. Granted, at the time she didn’t know who he was or what he was going to do with the weapon on his back. She had escaped her mother’s lecture about playing in the mud and “how it wasn’t very lady-like to be covered in dirt.” Darcy had promptly ignored her; her father had always said it was a life skill to get dirty.Elizabeth Lewis wasn’t always a strict, straight laced woman. Before Darcy’s father was killed in action, “Lizzy,” had been the stereotypical mom. Sundays were baking days and messes covering the kitchen counters, and Mondays was fairytale day, where Lizzy and Henry would perform live action fairy tales for Darcy’s entertainment before bedtime, to get the week started right.
Darcy Marie Lewis had enjoyed a typical childhood…Until the morning of her 10th birthday; she’d been swinging in the front yard and a man dressed in a uniform, just like her dad’s, came to door. He looked at her, the regret and sorrow in his eyes said it all even at that age Darcy had come to understand how to look into people’s eyes and see the truth. Grandma Lewis said it was gift. Darcy thought it a curse after the screams that pierced her ears when the man handed a letter to her mother. She would never forget her mother’s cries or the fact that her father would never come home.Those screams stayed with Darcy every year on her birthday. She’d sat on the swing at the city park, her 12th birthday just about over. As the sun began to set against the distant sky a gleam caught her eye. Just a glint but it was enough to draw her to the edge of the park, just before the tree line began. A tiny peak around a tree and she saw him.A man in dark clothes and a gun at his side. He glanced up at her and she saw his eyes. Blue, like hers, no, more like a smoky grey, like the sky just before a storm.
“Hello,” Her mother had always told her, her sense of preservation was sorely lacking. Just like your father. She’d say. “Hello,” He responded, his voice gruff, but not uninviting. She tucked her knees and sat on her legs across from him. His eye tracked her while she nearly drowned in his. She began to babble about her life, how much she missed her dad and wondering off handily when her mother would like her again. He listened, all the while he absent mindedly unassembled the rifle and packed it away. The girl-child was amusing? He wasn’t really sure what he felt. He’d completed his mission, he was heading back to base when he stumbled upon the girl alone in the park. He’d normally dismiss her. He’d watched emotionless as terrible things happened and he didn’t blink an eye. But lately…his higher ups hadn’t been forcing him back into cryo. Memories would surface, but he hid them extremely well. His days were good and bad. Nothing concrete. Nothing that told him who or what he was. Just fleeting emotions or thoughts. Someone speaking but it was never clear.Her eyes.She reached out and touched his arm. The silver one that had a red star painted on. The silence between was peaceful. She just studied it while he studied her.
“You should get back. I have to go, Doll.” His voice was soft, quiet and Darcy nodded without thinking.
“Yea, my mom and all.” What else could she say? She talked and he listened. Didn’t really matter to Darcy if her mom would rage at her. That was all her mother seemed to do since the death of her father, Darcy was just too much like him, and her mother couldn’t stand it.“Let’s go.” He stood up and began heading in the general direction of her house. Darcy stared at his back for a moment before catching up to him. Her first friend.After that, James, began appearing on her birthday, not every year, and sometimes when it wasn’t her birthday. But Darcy was content in knowing that someone cared? No. He was tolerant? She wasn’t sure what he thought of her, at least he’d given her a name. “Hey” and “Hello,” only go so far as a greeting and attention getter. He didn’t display emotions much and his answers were vague when she questioned him. Darcy chose to ignore it all. He was there and he was her basis for the other men in her life. He had manners and respect, he looked out for her, she expected the same treatment from others. Which most of the time it wasn’t the case. James set the bar extremely high.On her 13th birthday it seemed overnight she’d grown a rack, and he once tomboyish body, had developed curves and the baby fat she’d carried seem to melt away. It was hard. Her mother constantly berating her about her body and the other kids at her school staring and gossiping. Just an early bloomer love, nothing to worry about Grandma Lewis doted on her but it didn’t make her life any easier. Darcy was crying when James showed up a few weeks after the torment began. She’d taken over the spot where she first met him when she was down or needed to clear her head. Her quiet place where she could escape fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Songfic
Coudn't get it out of my head
BAMF Darcy Lewis
First Time
Unplanned Pregnancy
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Protective Bucky Barnes
The Avengers love Darcy
So does Shield

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

