Work Text:
Clint spotted him first, of course. The kid couldn't have been more than 12, probably closer to 10, and he was wandering around a disaster area. And Clint wasn't even exaggerating that time, because about ten minutes ago, it had been a disaster area. But what was left of the ice monsters were just puddles on the ground slowly seeping into sewers, so there wasn't as much wreckage to clean up this time. But there was the fact of a kid wandering around the area that was only recently the scene of a battle. That's what Clint was getting at.“Hey, guys, does anyone else have eyes on the kid?” he called.“There's a kid on the battlefield?” Steve asked.“Well, preteen. Eleven maybe? He looks like he may be concussed.”The kid was stumbling around with his arms held out, looking lost.“Make sure he's safe, see if you can help him find where he's going,” Steve ordered.“Got it.” Clint shot a grappling hook arrow into the building across the street and swung down, hitting the ground at a jogging pace and heading towards the kid.“Hey,” he called out. “Are you okay?”The kid jerked his head towards Clint. It was then that Clint noticed what he was wearing. Dark clothes, way too big for him.Clint jogged closer. “Are you okay?”The kid shook his head, his eyes darting around. “I... I don't remember how I got here.”Clint knelt down. “That's okay. Can you tell me your name?”“Matt.”“Okay Matt, I'm Clint. I'm one of the Avengers. Have you heard of us?”The kid, Matt, tilted his head. Considered Clint. Shook his head.“Really? Iron Man? Captain America?”“I've heard of him. I read the comic books. Before.”Clint watched Matt's gaze flicker around again.“Matt, is everything okay? Does your head hurt? Did you fall down?”He frowned. “I'm a little dizzy I guess. And I still don't know what happened.”“Okay. Do you know where your parents are? Can we call them for you?” Clint listened as Cap coordinated a medical unit to meet them. Matt frowned again. “My dad... he died. And I don't remember my mom.”Jesus. “So where do you live?”“St Agnes.”Clint frowned. It sounded like a church. Maybe an orphanage? Catholic.“I'm an orphan,” he said, more quietly.Clint's heart might have broken a bit at that.“Okay. Well, I've got some people coming to make sure you didn't hit your head, and that's why you can't remember what happened. After that, we'll see about getting you back where you're supposed to be, okay?”Matt nodded again. “Medics are almost there,” Cap told him. “How are things Hawkeye?”“Matt and I are hanging in there. Hey, Matt, we're hanging in there, right?”Matt nodded.“Medics are on scene,” Cap told him. “Widow and I are finishing up over here, and then we'll be over. Do you have any info on his parents?”Clint frowned. “Negative. Hey Matt, the medics are just going to check you over, okay? Does anything hurt?”Matt shook his head. One of the medics came up beside Clint. It was one that he knew. He knew about half the medics, he'd been hurt so often, but this was one that Clint even liked.“Hey. I heard your name was Matt.”Matt nodded.“I'm Chris. I'm just going to check you over and make sure you're not hurt, okay?”Matt nodded again.“I heard you were having trouble remembering things. Does your head hurt?”“Not really.”“Okay. And do you hurt anywhere else?”“No.”Matt inched closer to Clint.“How many fingers am I holding up?”“I don't know.”“Are they blurry? Is there too many?”“I can't see them,” Matt said petulantly. “I'm blind.”Clint rubbed his forehead. That did explain a lot. Like why he was stumbling around in the rubble like he had a concussion, and how he never looked right at Clint. The kid was blind.Which begged the question, how did a blind orphan end up in the middle of a battle?Cap was not gonna like this. “How long have you been blind?”“Since I was nine.”“And how old are you now?”“Eleven.” Clint tuned out most of the rest of the neurological exam. He didn't miss the way Matt kept inching closer to him every time the paramedic tried to touch him. Steve and Nat finished with the minor cleanup, and it was at that point that Cap did a head count.“Okay, we've got Clint, Natasha, Tony, and me accounted for. Anyone seen or heard from Daredevil?”“Nope.”“I haven't seen him since a few minutes before the battle ended.”“Negative,” Clint muttered.“Tony, do a fly around, see if you can spot him anywhere. This is why he needs a com, so we can make sure he isn't trapped or hurt.” Steve sounded frustrated. Chris finished his exam.“Well Matt, I don't think you have a concussion, but I think Hawkeye here is going to keep you for a little bit to make sure.”Clint nodded to Chris. “Yep. We're going to take you back with us while we try and contact someone from the orphanage. We're going to fly in one of the little planes we have. Do you need help getting there?”Matt nodded.Clint held his hand out and nudged Matt's elbow. Matt grabbed on.“There's a bit of a mess, but I'll try and lead you around the broken bits of sidewalk, okay?”Matt nodded again.“Wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Identity Reveal
Magic
hand wavey science
Team Dynamics
baby Matty
before Stick got to him

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

