Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
. . . . . .

February 10, 1817

It was the first major event of the Season: a ball at the home of Lady Bathurst, one of the patronesses of Almack's. Anyone who could obtain an invitation was there: dashing young men with family fortunes, honorable names and carefully tied cravats; beautiful young ladies, dressed in their best silks and ready to make a match with eligible gentlemen, with their respectable mamas chaperoning their evenings with a careful eye; the wealthy elite of the gentry mingling with barons and earls and dukes. It was rumored that the prince might even put in an appearance.
And Captain Daniel Sousa was hiding.
He had not intended to hide, precisely. He had simply gone into the card room to look for his father, only to discover that his father was no longer there. Sighing, he moved carefully across the room, to assure himself that his father was not tucked into a corner or in a tall chair where he could not be seen; he was not. And Daniel was just deciding where to go next when the door began to open, and he heard the unmistakable tones of the Honorable Miss Cartwright. He had no intention of making conversation with that young lady again -- indeed, she was one of the reasons he had decided to take a break from the ballroom -- and looked around for a place to secrete himself. There was nowhere, but there was a door at the back of the room. It was not at all the done thing to go wandering around one's host's home during the ball, but no one was looking at him; no one would see. So before anyone could notice, he slipped as quietly as possible through the back door.
In doing so, he found himself in an empty hallway, blessedly quiet after the din of the ball. Across the hall from him, an open door lead into what appeared to be a study or writing room of some kind. Part of him wished he could stay there the rest of the evening, but he knew that to be discovered there would be difficult to explain. Accordingly, he listened for the sounds of the ballroom and began moving in that direction.
Suddenly, behind him in the hallway, he heard what he thought to be the rustle of fabric, and perhaps a few light footsteps. Embarrassed to have been caught, he prepared himself to turn around and give whatever servant had just discovered him an explanation for his being uninvited in this part of the house. But no servant awaited him when he turned. Instead, what he saw was a flash of skirts -- a rich royal blue, not at all the sort of color ladies usually wore, in his experience -- disappearing into the study.
Daniel started, stared, doubted, and was silent. That was most certainly a guest, and not the lady of the house; he had seen Lady Bathurst but a few minutes prior, and she had not been wearing that color. A part of him instinctively wanted to investigate the matter -- what reason had a guest to go into her host's study? -- but he immediately saw that would be foolish. After all, he too was a guest who was where he should not be. And perhaps the lady had been looking for a place to catch her breath, to collect herself, and his intrusion would be most unwelcome. Instinctively he felt that this was not true. But he had no right to go confronting this woman, no matter her reasons, so after a long moment of indecision, he resumed his walk back to the ballroom.
His mother instantly pulled him into a conversation with Lord and Lady Russell, in which he participated with only half his attention. The rest was down the hallway, in the study with the mysterious lady in blue. Who could she have been? What reason had she to be in her host's study? He kept a careful watch for the lady to make a reappearance in the ballroom. But for quite some time to come, he waited in vain.
 
 
"Daniel," said his sister to him an hour later, "I cannot help but feel you are not enjoying this ball. You should appreciate it, you know; Lady Bathurst invited you especially, and she is one of the patronesses of Almack's."
Daniel rallied his feelings well enough to smile at his sister. Kate was eight years his junior and, she was fond of telling him, far his senior in good sense and intelligence. The siblings were very close, despite Daniel's having been in the Navy for much of Kate's life, and he was quite happy to see his naval career had enabled her to move in a higher circle of society than the family had been accustomed to previously. He knew their mama had high hopes for Kate's marrying well this Season, for in addition to her dark-eyed beauty and good nature, she now had a small but respectable fortune to recommend her.
Said Daniel, "I am trying," and then laughed to see his sister's sceptical look. "I know no one here," he explained. "These are your friends, and Mama's." He did not exaggerate. He had been in the Navy since he was twelve years old, and prior to his current visit home, had not taken shore leave in over three years. When h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Regency

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa

