Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You were awfully quiet earlier, Cap,” Tony said, sauntering over to where Steve stood looking out the window at the New York skyline.  “Too modest to share tales of your sexual exploits with the team?  Didn’t soldiers talk like that in the barracks back in your day?”
Steve didn’t bristle like he might have a year ago.  He just gave Tony a little smile and shrugged.  “Sure they did, but I didn’t join in then either.”  Tony took a sip of scotch and raised one eyebrow.  “I mean, that would require some sexual exploits to talk about, wouldn’t it?”  Tony’s other eyebrow shot up in surprise.  Steve sighed and turned back to the window, listening as Tony walked away.  
A rattling at the bar and Tony returned with a second scotch for Steve.  He accepted the drink without protest.  He’d finally realized that Tony didn’t care if he drank it—it was just an expression of hospitality, an overture for conversation, a shared prop Tony found helpful.  Tony dragged two weird leather armchairs over to the huge window.  
“Sit with me.  Drink with me.  Talk with me,” Tony said, gesturing.  (Steve wondered if he was quoting something; it was often hard for him to tell with Tony.)  He took a seat.
“So,” Tony said after a few moments contemplating the evening in silence.  “No exploits to speak of?”
Steve shrugged.  He hadn’t talked to any of the Avengers about this stuff yet.  Tony was the only one he could imagine saying it to.  Tony wouldn’t judge—he wasn’t that kind of man.  Besides, he was Steve’s best friend.  He’d be nice about it.  (And perhaps someday Steve could tell him what he *really* wanted to say…)
“Nope,” Steve said, swirling his drink and watching it leave long, thick legs on the glass.  “None to speak of.  Literally.  ‘Cause even if I had gotten . . . some experience . . . back with the Howling Commandos, speaking of it would have got me dishonorably discharged.”   
Tony was known for talking a mile a minute and never shutting up, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t a good listener from time to time.  When it really counted.  Tony sat quietly and took another sip of his drink.  
“Things were different then,” Steve said softly.  “I thought I was sick for wanting men.  For the things I wanted. I would never have said anything.”  
“And now?” Tony asked just as quietly.  
“Now, I know better,” Steve said it firmly, with conviction.  “I’m not sick and what I want doesn’t make me weak.”
The lights in the penthouse were dimmed low so he could admire the view of the city skyline.  Steve could see the arc reactor shining through Tony’s black t-shirt.  The blue glow was steady and comforting.  
“And what is it you want?” Tony asked, leaning forward in his seat.  Then he leaned back again and added, “not that you need to tell me.  If you don’t want to talk about it, I’ll understand.”
Steve smiled.  “Tony, you’re the best friend I’ve made in this crazy new millennium.  If I couldn’t tell you, who could I tell?”  He looked a little wistful as he added, “Though I doubt I’ll get what I want.”  
“You never know,” Tony said very seriously.  The air was thick between them.  
“I bet I might shock you,” Steve said, trying to make his voice playful, lighten the tension.  
“Go ahead and try!”  
“I—“  It was harder to start talking than he thought it would be.  Best back up to the beginning.  
“I have to be so careful, so in control as Captain America.  If I don’t pay attention to my strength, I could hurt someone.  As a commander, I have to keep on top of things, give orders, take responsibility.  I wouldn’t want my life to be any other way, but sometimes,” Steve hesitated, “I’d like to let go.  Let someone else be in charge, make the decisions, give the orders.”  
Steve paused.  Tony was completely silent and Steve couldn’t quiet bear to look over at him.  If he did, Steve might well lose his nerve.
“I’d want him to take control.  I’d want him to tie me down, pin me in place so I could barely move.”
Steve heard Tony’s breath hitch a little and he turned to look at his friend.  (I can do this, he thought.)  
“I’d let him tell me what to do and I’d like it because it was what he wanted; I wouldn’t have to think about it, just obey.  And I’d know that he wouldn’t do anything to hurt me, not the bad kind of hurt, because I’d be his and that means he would take care of me.”  
Tony stared at him, eyes wide and very bright in the light of the arc reactor. He was taking long, steady breaths as Steve spoke.
Steve leaned forward and tilted his head down, then looked up at Tony from under his lashes.  “I’d kneel at his feet and I’d beg him for it.  I’d want him to fill me up and make me take it.”
Steve was inching to the edge of his chair, nearer and nearer to Tony.  
“I want to surrender.”  
Tony’s mouth had dropped open a little as Steve drew nearer.  Tony swallowed loudly, then said, “wow,” and looked away.  
And just like that, the spell was broken.  The thing building between them fell, the cord of communion snapped.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
D/s
Romance
First Time
Virginity
Dirty Talk
Safe Sane and Consensual
prompt: loving dom

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

