Chapter 1: Something in the Air
    




Chapter Text
Tony's crammed into the smallest possible space, in the far corner, and he doesn't look around when the guards throw Steve back into the cell, or when Steve picks himself up and sticks his hands back through the slot in the door so the guards can take the manacles off. He's pretty sure he could work out how to break them if he just had five minutes to actually look, and Tony wouldn't even need one, but the guards won't give him that time; they have some kind of electrical bolt gun pointed at him through the door.They step away quickly once his hands are free and threaten him with the bolt gun. He doesn't pull his hands back right away --he wants to feel up the locking mechanism or at least the hatch that covers the slot-- but they don't take well to him lingering, and fire. The charge bolt hits him on the forearm and grounds on the metal hatch frame, laying a burn from wrist to elbow and sending him back into the cell with more force than a gunshot. He hits the stone with a grunt of pain, and curls around his arm, irritated at himself for fucking up and getting hurt in front of Tony.It'd have been suspicious if they hadn't seen him trying to escape somehow, but damn, it hurts. The hatch snicks closed. And he hasn't been gone that long, not that long, but Tony hasn't made a sound this whole time. He's still pressed tight into the corner.They had sworn if he came quietly, they'd leave Tony alone, and in the interests of stalling Steve had taken their offer, secure in the knowledge that Tony's grudge would last longer than any marks they could leave on Steve. Which is still true --the burn will fade in a few minutes-- and in fact, the Scientist Supreme had done nothing more than give him a good meal: dry wine and diverting conversation, though the manacles had been a pain, and there was only so much Steve could say about Ayn Rand.

"Hey," he says, "hey Tony," and reaches out a hand. Tony is still, though he's breathing, up until he touches his shoulder; then he twists, whole body uncoiling, and bites Steve's hand.

Steve jerks back, loses his balance, falls on his backside and one elbow, and crab-walks backward when Tony snarls at him. There's a semicircle of white marks in the meat of his hand. The skin isn't broken, but Tony bit hard, and there'll be bruises blooming under the skin in a few minutes.

"Hey, hey! Shellhead," Steve says, raising his other hand, palm out in surrender. Tony tries to flatten himself into the wall and his snarl raises in pitch, eyes wide enough to see the whites in the almost darkness. Maybe it doesn't look like surrender to him. Steve puts his hands flat down on the floor and Tony likes that better.

They stare at each other, Tony's teeth still showing.

"So," Steve says, "they didn't leave you alone, did they." He sniffs and looks around; no sign of the struggle that Tony would certainly have put up if the guards came to break their bargain, but it smells weird in here. "Something in the air? You were fine when I left. Climbing the walls, sure, but fine. If I start feeling bitey, I suppose we'll know that it affects me too, huh?" Oh boy, another fact to learn about the serum. He can't wait. The vague ache in his wrists from the manacles has already faded, and Tony's teeth marks are flushing red to match the burn on his other arm. Steve tries a smile this time.

Tony doesn't like it when he shows teeth --flinches away and curls his lip-- so Steve softens it as much as he can. He makes his eyes big and earnest, and struggles to keep his smile on his face in this hard, cold place. It smells bad in here now, like animals.Tony’s breath hisses out from between his teeth when Steve lifts his hand, but it hurts where Tony bit, and Tony is his friend and afraid of him and that fucking hurts too. He rubs the ache against his cheek and tastes it to check that he isn’t bleeding, and the sound Tony makes is fear and trapped-get-away.Steve can’t stand it, the noise grates against something in his belly, so he gets to his feet and scrambles backwards so he’s not hemming Tony in. Too fast; Tony makes a wordless bark of startlement, and Steve can’t see his face anymore, it’s pressed into the close-worked stone like he's trying to merge with it. No matter where he goes, Steve is closing him in, even when he presses himself into the opposite corner. They’re in a dead end cul-de-sac locked in by steel and stone and guns; there’s nowhere to go that isn’t trapped-get-away. The stone is cold against his back and turns his sweaty undershirt clammy. It makes his stomach churn. He does not like cold.The door, the lock is a problem. Tony is afraid of him, but Steve isn’t a threat; the door is, and wherever Tony's wits have gone there's nothing to conceal the fact that he's terrified.Steve isn't worried about himself, even if it takes a while for Tony to let him near. That's all right; it took months, the first time. Steve is persistent, and Steve is shie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Feral Cuddles
Feral Behavior
Mind/Mood Altering Substances
Thin Veneer of Plot
Biting
Fear Agression
AIM has bad ideas
Medical consent and medical proxies
holy shit what's happened to Tony
Romping
Emotionally Hurt Tony
Difficulty Communicating
Flashbacks
Panic Attack
Semiotic Difficulties
Mentions of Consent and Boundaries
food hoarding
Food Issues
Cockroaches
giant cockroaches
Medical Procedures
Consent
nonverbal discussions of various kinds of consent
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

