Work Text:
Bucky sat at his station and looked down the microscope with a frown, before switching slides and frowning some more.“You look like you’re about to fart.” Barton told him, looking over the screen that separated his work station from Bucky’s. “I find it weird that people still think you’re hot when you pull the weirdest fucking faces, dude.”“Hmm.” Bucky nodded, switching the slides again, and rolling over to the Sequencer. “Have you seen the dummy runs for the day?”“Nope.” Barton said, looking through his notes. “I fed in the samples and let it go while I was having my coffee.” He looked up and frowned. “Why? Is it on the fritz again?”Bucky shrugged. “I dunno. I’ve got a slide of the first sample. Take a look.”Barton, aware that Bucky would actually punch him if he rolled over on his chair because Bucky was the worst for being a stickler about Health and Safety, walked around the bench and took a cursory glance down at the set-up on Bucky’s desk.“Yeah?”“Look at slide two.” He said, checking the machine again and seeing just how much longer it would take to run the morning samples. He heard Clint Barton, his lab partner of 5 years, switch out the slides with a speed that most would be surprised at. He mostly looked half asleep, with his constant bed-head and wrinkled scrubs. Bucky knew for a fact that when he pulled them on in the morning, they’d been neatly pressed – because it had been Bucky’s turn to pick them up from the drycleaners.“Huh.” He said, from behind Bucky. Another ‘snick snick’ of slides being swapped. “Huh. How much longer is the cycle going to run?”“About an hour.” Bucky said, glaring at the machine.“Jesus Christ. You know up in Baltimore they’ve got the new machine that takes an hour and a half.” He bitched. “How unfair is that? I got an email from Luke the other day telling me all about it.”“Well, you can take it up with Stark if you want to.” Bucky said, “I’m sure if you whine enough he’ll buy it with his own money.”“I was holding out for a pay rise.” Barton sighed, before looking down the microscope again. “Jesus. Is this the Rumlow case sample?”“No.” Bucky said, walking over. “I wouldn’t give a shit if it was one of Rumlows guys. It’s from the sample pool, one of the controls.”Barton leaned back and sighed. “Jesus, dude.”“I know.”“He’s one of our guys, huh?”“Yup.” Bucky said, running a hand over his neat side part. It was going to be a long ass day, and it hadn’t even really started yet.“Shit. You’d better wait till you see the DNA results, before you go to Stark.” Barton advised. “Just in case.” “And you think that it’s… what? The machine? The fridges?”“No, Tony,” Bucky said, running a hand over his face. “I think it’s the sample.”“Right. But a new machine would have made it better, right?”“No, Tony.”“You know in Baltimore they’ve got one of the new ones?” Tony said, wheeling his chair around his massive workstation – covered in machines and computers. The man was the head of their department for a reason – and despite the local rumours, it wasn’t because he’d bought his way in. Tony Stark was a certified genius – unfortunately, so was Victor Frankenstein. “I don’t know why we’re working on outdated POS machines when Baltimore’s got-”“Tony – what am I going to do about these tests?”“Run em again.” Tony said, “Then send up the report to me. If it’s the same results, we’ll have to put in a request to talk to the donor.”“The results aren’t going to say anything new.” Bucky argued. “Both Barton and I manually checked and all the other results came through normal.”Tony shrugged. “Gotta do it by the book, Buckster.” He said, sliding over to the papers Bucky had put on his desk. “If you’re going to tell this poor SOB his swimmers aint swimming, you gotta be sure those fuckers are dead.” He glanced down. “I’ll requisition a new sample from him though. I think I can get that quicker, if I petition the whole department.”“The sample I’ve got is fine.”“Yeah, but maybe he was having a bad day.” Tony said. “And you know how much Barton loves a fluid run.”“Barton’s got the Peirce caseload labs.” Bucky reminded him. It was important that nothing took him away from the Senators corruption case – a simple mistake and his lawyers would be all over it. They weren’t going to be the reason that asshole walked.Tony grinned at him. “Better get your little white booties over there then, huh?” Steve and Sam heard the collective groan as they walked in with the coffee order – hands full of white cups and brown paper bags. “Something up?” Sam said to the small crowd, handing out the coffee cups.“Gremlins are coming up for another blood and balls run.” Wade said, leaning back and grinning. “I’m pretty sure they drink it. We only just jizzed in their little bottles a week ago.”“Lovely.” Steve said, grimacing. “I hate needles.”“I don’t mind.” Wade grinned, and when Steve shot him a questioning look, he added “I get to whack one off at work an-.”“Please do not finish that sentence.” Sam cut in. “Please, for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
CSI Bucky
NYPD
Detectives
Alternate Universe - No Powers
First Meetings
Meet-Cute
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

