Work Text:
It was terrifying, really, how quickly Barnes managed to ruin one of the few truly good things to happen to him. Tony understood his reasoning, of course, considering Steve Rogers had asked him to be his boyfriend. He even understood the intent behind the threat, it was just shovel talk, it happened to everyone, right? And considering his own history it was understandable that Bucky would want to impress on Tony how good of a person Steve was and that Tony had better never hurt him. He got all that, okay, Tony didn’t even mind it.
He just wished the former soldier hadn’t picked a threat that legitimately terrified him.
The arc reactor and its connection to his heart was the only serious physical weakness Tony had and even now, hours later, he couldn’t stop holding a hand over the light of the reactor as Barnes’ words repeated in his mind. They brought memories to the surface that hadn’t bothered him in years but that he now couldn’t push away. The thrumming fear and anxiety that held Tony frozen in place at a worktop also had him covered in cold sweat as his vivid imagination replayed the last time someone had forcibly removed the reactor while he was physically incapable of stopping them.
He was so lost in his terror that Tony was blind to anything not going on in his head and so startled violently when he was pulled into a hug from behind. Tony made no sound but lashed out instantly, utilizing every bit of hand to hand training drilled into him by Happy, Steve and Natasha. He managed to push free of the hold but couldn’t land any hits as his wrists were caught in a firm but careful hold and Tony recognized his name being called in a familiar voice. The voice pulled Tony from the haze still locking him in his mind and Tony woke up enough to recognize the chest he was staring at. He’d fallen asleep cuddled on that chest often enough to know that it was Steve and if Steve was there then surely he was safe now, right? Upon realizing that, Tony relaxed enough to become aware that he was hyperventilating and focused on breathing steadily.
By the time he was recovered, he found himself being held against Steve’s front in a hug while big hands rubbed soothingly across his back. Tony’s own fists were clenched in Steve’s shirt like he was afraid to let go but forced himself to anyway. Taking that as a sign, Steve’s hands shifted to grasp his sides lightly.
“Tony? Are you okay now?”
Exhaling slowly, Tony nodded and allowed Steve to move him back a step and peer at his face, blue eyes wide and concerned. “What happened?”
“Sorry.” He said automatically in response, unable to meet those eyes as shame bubbled in his chest over the freak out he just had.
“Don’t apologize, just tell me what’s wrong.” Steve ran a hand through Tony’s hair soothingly and knew better than to force the other man to look at him.
“Nothing, it’s nothing important, I swear. I’m fine. You startled me is all.”
“Tony, you don’t react like that just because I startled you. And you should have heard me come in, not to mention Jarvis announcing me. Now, you want to try that again?”
Tony winced and tried to think how he could get Steve to let this go but just as quickly realized it wasn’t likely to happen. When it came to Tony and anything involving him, Steve was far less likely to let an incident like this just disappear when it could be serious. “Okay, look, it’s stupid. I was just thinking about some stuff that I hadn’t thought about in a long time and it was bothering me. That’s all, I’m alright now, okay?”
“Okay.” Steve said softly but didn’t let him go. “What brought the thoughts on?”
“Seriously?”
Steve just waited him out, as patient as ever and Tony pouted up at him before sighing, resigned to having to talk about this. “Look, don’t get mad at him, okay? Barnes was just looking out for you.”
Tony saw Steve frown but hurried to keep talking before the other could interrupt. “He didn’t know, probably, that I’d end up like this so it’s not his fault, alright? I mean, yeah, it wasn’t exactly in good taste or whatever but you’re his best friend and I expected to get the shovel talk from him and everyone else.”
“Tony. What are you talking about?” The soldier asked, visibly bewildered.
“What, you don’t know what that is? The shovel talk. It’s what people do when their friends enter a relationship. They warn the other person that if they break the friend’s heart they’ll regret it. It’s usually quite creative.”
Steve scowled and shook his head. “So Bucky and the others threatened you for agreeing to go out with me?”
“No, no, just Barnes so far. And when you say it like that it sounds so bad. It’s supposed to be heartwarming and stuff.” Tony said, waving a hand off to the side but the look on Steve’s face didn’t change.
“Sorry but I don’t really see how threatening someone I care about for something that hasn’t even happened yet is all that heartwarming.”
“Huh, must not have been a thing in the forties.”
“No and I wouldn’t approve even if it had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Shovel Talk
mention of PTSD
Protective!Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

