Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy woke with a start, her cheek pressed into a pile of crumpled sheets and a taste like old cotton in her mouth.  She immediately regretted the decision.  Her stomach was in full revolt, a headache was starting to meander its way methodically through the different quadrants of her brain, and there was a pair of stockinged feet only a couple inches from her head, which... okay, that was weird.  One of these things was not like the other.The socks had subtly tasteful crisscrossing which reeked of expensive men's department stores.  They led to a pair of pressed khakis, unzipped at the front with long legs akimbo on the bed next to her torso, which in turn led to a flat and shockingly wide expanse of bare chest, topped off by a slightly pointy nose and a jawline that was probably visible from space.She gave herself a mental high-five based on the jawline alone.She was laid out at the opposite end of the bed, her head at his feet.  One of his arms was flung over her shin bones, his fingers digging a little into her calf muscle, and his mouth was open as he slept on his back, gaping gently at the ceiling like a fish as he slept.  She reached a hand down to pull her blouse together where a draft was raising goosebumps on her chest.  Her shirt was unbuttoned down to her bellybutton.She moved a hand to rub at her forehead, feeling as if she was performing the action underwater, and watched with distant bemusement as her hand drifted toward her face in slow motion.  The dim light caught the angles of the diamond ring she wore, sparkling in sharp little bursts like falling stars, and....She blinked.What.  the.  actual.  fuck.---She had a quiet panic attack, just to get that out of the way, lying still as a board and staring at the ceiling as the room spun gently underneath her.  The word Vegas drifted tauntingly through her brain, waving a red flag at the less functional parts of her thought process.She cautiously raised her head a bit to peer at the man she was sharing the bed with and tried desperately not to thing of him as her husband as she did this.And oh God, this was pretty much exactly as bad as she was fearing.Because Darcy was starting to remember a little of what had happened last night, just the outlines of it, and yeah, that was definitely Captain America stretched out next to her, fighter of Nazis, star of World War II propaganda films she'd had to watch in history class, a recently thawed-out person who moonlighted at saving the world from actual aliens from actual other planets and assorted other supervillainy, of whom she had a vague, slippery memory of meeting for the first time last night at a Tony Stark shindig because that was apparently her life now and just shit.She looked at the ring again, and it sparkled cheerful murder at her.She swallowed, her throat dry and swollen, and allowed herself to close her eyes for one blissfully calm and dark moment before beginning to carefully extricate herself.  He mumbled distractedly, smacking his lips together as she dragged her feet slowly out of the band of his arm.  She froze, but he didn't wake up, rolling his head to the other side instead, blonde hair falling into his eyes like a child's.She remembered Tony Stark toasting last night, egging him on with some scientific concoction he'd assured everybody present would totally get Captain America wasted because it was a fucking disgrace that he couldn't get drunk like an honest American, like the rest of them.She breathed out slowly and finally managed to free her feet, sliding off the bed and trying to keep the mattress from bouncing.  The hotel room was grey and dim, with only a thin border of light sneaking in at the edges of the floor-to-ceiling curtain, but what she could see of the place was nice, much nicer than her tiny single queen bed with no view - there was a full-on suite back behind the seating area and real artwork on the walls.She crept over to her purse lying haphazardly at the foot of the bed.  She fished out her phone, paused, and then dug out her wallet as well.  The two condoms were exactly where she had left them, snuggled back behind the bills, pristine and unwrapped.  She buried the evidence back in the depths of her purse and firmly but quietly locked herself in the bathroom.  Feeling that extra precautions were still needed, she pulled the shower curtain shut after her, sat down in the tub, and slumped down low.She dialed Jane's number and pressed her face into the blessedly cool porcelain tiles behind her as she listened to the phone ring.  "C'mon," she muttered, "pick up, Jane...""You have reached the telephone of Lady Jane Foster, consort of Thor Odinson," Thor's voice boomed into her ear.  She groaned and mashed her cheek further into the tiled wall.  "Leave a message at the sound of thunder."  From the background, she could hear her and Jane's voices yelling out "THUNDER!" together, tinnily happy in some lost, gloriously innocent past."Call me
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Las Vegas
Las Vegas Wedding
Accidental Marriage
Memory Loss
Road Trips

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

