Work Text:
When the building falls, Steve's arrhythmia flares up.All he wants is to run to where Bucky was stationed; where the top of his head was just visible over the roof's edge, before the bomb in the basement turned it into a pile of rubble. It takes all of his willpower, and probably most of his future reserves, to shout out commands to the rest of the Howling Commandos; give them the leadership they need in the firefight.The Howlies are retreating, but they'll regroup in the woods outside of the Italian town and be fine. They draw the fire away so Steve can dash toward the building. A German straggler fires on Steve and the bullet bites into the skin at his hip before he can whip his shield up. With a flick of his wrist, the soldier is dead and the shield is on his back again. The bullet wound stings, but he ignores the blood trickling down his thigh as he picks through the cement blocks and wrecked apartments. He can't smell him; the standard US Army blockers make sure of that, but he can hear him. Shifting, grunting; Steve stays quiet, in case there are more Germans lingering, and heaves the largest bits of wreckage away.And there he is, dirty, a little bloody, but alive and well. He grins up at Steve."That was fun.""Yeah, like the cyclone was fun?""Hey, the cyclone was fun," Bucky insists, as Steve reaches down into the wreckage. Bucky takes his hand and wriggles free, fabric tearing somewhere, but he pulls himself up, falling against Steve."Y'okay?"Bucky presses a hand to his temple, where there's dried, dusty blood."Whacked my head a good'un.""You probably have a concussion. Come on." Steve half-drags Bucky behind the buildings, heading toward the woods, but there's another troop of Germans marching down the cobblestones, so they turn the other way and skirt through the town. Steve picks a building at random at the far edge of the town and pulls Bucky into it. It's abandoned, like everything else, and they pick their way slowly, quietly, up to the top floor. The apartment is sacked, furniture tipped over, cupboards open, curtains ripped off the windows. Steve deposits Bucky on the floral print couch, then shoves it away from the window."Hey," Bucky protests, wincing. Steve peeks out the tattered curtains, but there aren't any Germans in their sight line, yet. Already he's processing the situation, forming a plan. First, he needs to take care of Bucky.He finds a relatively clean rag in the kitchen and wets it from his canteen."C'mere," he says, kneeling in front of his friend, who's sitting on the couch with his head hanging between his knees."Feel like I'm gonna hurl."Yeah, it's a concussion alright. "There's a joke about the cyclone somewhere in there. Lift your head." He obeys, but squeezes his eyes shut as Steve cleans the gash at his temple. He has a small med kit on his belt, and when he reaches down for it, he realizes it's gone, along with the pocket that held his backup blockers."Shit," he mutters, and Bucky's eyes pop open."That's never a good sign."He goes with the least bad of the two. "You'll have to do without a bandage." But Bucky knows him better than that."And?""I lost my blockers."Bucky looks down for the pocket on his own belt, but his fingers fumble the snaps so Steve reaches down to help."This one?" Bucky nods, but Steve can already tell they're gonna have a problem. The pocket Bucky keeps the blockers in is torn at the bottom from his tumble in the rubble. There are three pills left. He holds them up on his palm."Shit.""We'll save them for you," Steve says, because if Steve goes into heat he'll get aggressive and territorial, which is actually kind of a good thing in this situation. He might want to grope Bucky a little, but considering the circumstances, and the alternative, they can probably get past that. But if Bucky goes into heat, he'll attract all the Alphas within 200 yards. Bucky's looking grim. "I need two, these days. They did somethin' to me." Steve doesn't need him to clarify who. "I got a tolerance for 'em now or somethin.""Ok. You take two tomorrow, and if we're still stuck here, you take the last one the next day and we make a break for it."Bucky shakes his head. "You gotta take the one. One of us has gotta keep a clear head.""My head'll be fine." Bucky grins wryly and Steve rolls his eyes. "Yeah, yeah. Shut up and lie down.""What a line. Bet you got all the dames swoonin'," Bucky says as he shuffles down on the couch. In the morning, Bucky wakes with a sheen of sweat on his forehead. His eyes are a little glassy and when Steve touches the back of his hand to his skin, Bucky's eyes flutter closed."You're going into heat.""Might be just an infection."Steve leans to the side, but the cut on Bucky's head isn't only not infected, it's almost healed. Steve gets a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. He's felt this foreboding before, when Bucky has heard things he shouldn't have been able to hear, or sees things too far away for the rest of the Howlies except hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
WWII
1940s
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Marking
Scent Marking
Mating Bites
Mating Cycles/In Heat
forced mating
Except not really because they talk about it
Its more like Mating but Under Less than Ideal Circumstances
There should be a tag for that
Porn with Feelings
Porn with a little bit of Plot
mostly just to advance the porn
Smut
Omegaverse
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

