Chapter 1



Notes:
For those questioning about how long it took me to start posting the fourth part of the "Toasterverse," it's because I was writing the fifth part! Yeah, don't think too hard about that. Shut up. It's fine. I know what I'm doing. Okay, not really.
This piece was written for the Cap/IM Big Bang! I was lucky enough to be matched with two talented artists to help illustrate this madness, and I could not have been more pleased with the passages they chose to draw! The art can be found here:
http://i3.photobucket.com/albums/y60/h1545h1/movies003.jpg
And here:
http://sam-paranoid.tumblr.com/post/33494944719/big-bang-art
NOTE: This piece does follow "Dating the Long Way Around." It contains no spoilers for that story. It can be read before that one, because I haven't finished WRITING that one. Sorry, I am tired and cranky. 8)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“I am not watching Mission Impossible again.  No.  Not a chance.  Stop making that face, it's my turn to chose and I hate Tom Cruise.”  Clint held up the tablet, blocking his view of Thor's hangdog face.  “Stop making that face!  Stop it!  I-  No!”
“Giving in would be easier,” Steve pointed out, settling down on the couch with a bowl of popcorn and some microbrewed soda in an actual glass bottle that Tony had acquired from God only knows where.  He was kinda looking forward to it, even if he'd never been a fan of cream soda as a kid.
“I am not giving in.  It's my turn to pick the movie, and no, we are not watching anything involving Tom Cruise.”  Clint gave Thor a bop on the head with the tablet, making the demigod laugh.  “Just because some of you have horrible taste in movies-”
From a nearby armchair, Natasha made a noise that would've been a laugh coming from any other person the planet.  She was in the process of sharpening an array of knives, the same way she did every week, making it clear that she was disinterested in the movie, no matter who picked it.  Steve, however, noticed that she always chose to do her weapons maintenance in the rec room on Thursday nights.  And she muttered in Russian at the widescreen tv sometimes during unrealistic fight scenes.
“Listen, at least my movies don't have subtitles,” Clint said to her.
She arched an eyebrow.  “Didn't you make us watch Spirited Away with subtitles?”
“Fine, fine, shut up now,” he said, grinning.  His fingers were dancing through the huge array of digital media that Tony had available for viewing.  “Jarvis, is this stuff in any sort of order whatsoever?”
“I believe the filing system is along the lines of 'awesome,' 'more awesome,' 'chick flicks,' and 'why do I own this?'” Jarvis said, and Steve could so easily hear Tony saying it that he choked on a laugh.  The AI continued, voice droll and only faintly amused.  “If you would prefer, I can attempt a more...  Conventional classification system.”
“You are the man, Jarvis, no kidding.”  Clint gave the room a thumbs up.
“I appreciate the sentiment.”  On the tablet, the screen went blank, and then the files reappeared, falling into neat columns and rows.
“What're we watching?” Bruce was barefoot and rumpled, his glasses crooked on his nose and his sleeves rolled up to his elbows.  Behind him, Coulson was immaculately pressed, his shoes at a high gloss and his hair in place.  Both of them were carrying an array of folders.
“Clint is holding up the works,” Steve explained with a smile.  He offered Bruce the popcorn bowl.  The scientist took a handful with a warm smile.
“And no one in the room is surprised by this,” Coulson said, his lips twitching.  Clint, embroiled in lists of entertainment, flipped a middle finger in his direction, his grin broad and amused.
As everyone took their usual seats, Clint hummed his way through the choices.  “Hey, Jarvis?  What're these?”  He tapped a list of files that were only marked with a series of dates.
“Sir's recordings of his early experimentation with the Iron Man suit,” Jarvis replied, and just like that, the whole room stilled.
“Wait, what?”  Steve glanced up.  He knew, intellectually, that Jarvis didn't live in the ceiling, but he couldn't break himself of the habit.
“Sir regularly records his experiments,” Jarvis said.  “So the data can be evaluated.  This particular series was from the time when he was attempting to make adjustments to the repulsor technology and the preliminary armor structure.”
Everyone stared at the tablet in Clint's hands.  Even Natasha lowered her blades, eyebrows arching.  “Why are they on the list?” Clint asked at last.
“The query presented was for video files that you have the clearance to access,” Jarvis explained.  “While not strictly entertainment, or even particularly entertaining, these files do meet that criteria.”
“Wait, we can watch these?” Clint asked, eyes huge.  “Are you fucking kidding me?  Oh, we are watching these.”
“Barton-”  Coulson started.
“No.  No, no, no, I am watching these, the rest of you can l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
Developing Relationship
History
Buried Past
Family
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Slight Plot Elements
Author has mental issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

