Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It starts: With him face down, on a bed that smells faintly of lilacs, going, "No." This he recalls distinctly, having said it more than once. Possibly not loud enough. Definitely not loud enough, and even his own body isn't listening to him, so it's not all that unexpected that Erik doesn't. "No," Charles says again, for good measure, and then Erik shoves in, and Charles screams, and he's not saying no anymore. Not saying much, anymore. Heat, hot and unfettered and loud, like an accident or a gunshot or his blood, thudding through his veins, beat quickening to match Erik's.
Again and again and back again.
Slick between his legs, Erik's breath hot on the back of his neck as he moans, long and drawn out, and his cock - Charles pushes himself backwards so he's almost on his knees, says, "Fuck," almost incoherently, and comes.
-
The pregnancy kits are lying, all of them. What chance impregnation? Omegas in heat, almost eighty percent. This is why you stay indoors, draw your curtains and refuse company. Not go to a party even though you kinda sorta maybe suspect it's coming. Should have seen it coming. Dizzy and disoriented and the man - Erik Lehnsherr, he said, and his smile was slow and lazy and Charles liked him, would have, maybe, some day in the future.
What kind of fucked up biological system is this, anyway?
Charles sits on the toilet bowl for a while, wastes a few more pregnancy kits for good measure, then contemplates his mother's sleeping pills. Opium for the terminally disappointed: she'd wanted an alpha son like her father, and got Charles instead.
Sorry to disappoint you once again, Charles thinks, and it almost brings a smile to his face. Not that she will ever find out. Charles shoves the pills back into his coat pocket and throws the kits away - positive positive positive.
Someone ought to know someone who ought to know someone.
He starts making phonecalls instead.
-
Someone blows up the abortion clinic as he's standing in the reception area waiting to go in. In retrospect, it's kind of ridiculous, his timing.
In retrospect, that he could suffer only minor injuries and then the fetus not having the common decency to exit his body sayonara goodbye see you in the next life where perhaps the circumstances aren't so dire, more to tragedy, really.
Kurt yells for a while, brings some of the nurses in, but then he calms down and they let him stay long enough to ask questions that Charles keeps answering with either a No or an I don't know.
"What's the guy's name?"

I don't know.

"How could you let this happen to you?"

I don't know.

"Do you know how much shame you've brought upon this family? Upon me?"

No.

Kurt breaks his arm then, and Charles starts crying. The nurses rush back in, huddling protectively over the bed as one of them yells at Kurt, "Out. Out." Another one pushes a syringe filled with transparent fluid into his IV, and Charles, blessedly, is pulled down into darkness.
-
Kurt locks Charles in his room once he's released from the hospital. He doesn't care.  It's not as if he has plans to leave the house ever again.
At least this way someone brings him food and he has his books to entertain him.
Welcome to his new life, which is exactly like his old life. Except for that thing growing inside of him, and Charles suggested once, because Kurt has taken to coming into his room late at night when he's well and truly wasted to berate him on a) being a failure and a disgrace to his family b) being a slut who would let just about anyone spill his seed into him and c) still refusing to tell him the name of that anyone.
"What does it matter," Charles asks, shifting his pillow under him so it's more comfortable. It's how he usually copes with Kurt, curled up on the bed with blanket wrapped around him and his eyes snapped shut so the words just drift past in an almost incomprehensible blur. It irritates the fuck out of Kurt, but he dragged Charles forcibly out of the bed once and Charles threw up all over his shirt - morning sickness, so sorry sir I have this parasite growing inside of me - so now Kurt stands a safe distance away and raises his voice even louder.
There's no response to his question, so Charles cracks open one eye. "Well?"
"We shouldn't be the only ones made to suffer for your indiscretions," Kurt says, reddening slightly. "He should take responsibility."
Charles has to smile at that. "What, are we going to shotgun wedding him?"
"There is a law." The words are blurted out as if he's been holding back a big secret, and that explains the persistence then.
But then: surely not.
But then: something a teacher said in Sex Ed one day, and Charles had absorbed it into his mind then dismissed it, how quaint and archaic, and besides, who would be so foolish as to get knocked up without proper bonding and marriage rituals.
Who indeed.
"Surely you can't be serious." But then Kurt's pissed away his sense of humor into the bottom of a drink, so obviously he is. Charles s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
non-con
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Forced Marriage

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

