Work Text:
-----This. This was not fun. Sex was fun. Kicking ass was fun. Revolutionizing the entire world with a snap of his fingers was fun. This? This was not fun. So what was he doing here, then? Well, it all started with his annoyingly adorable boyfriends...-----"I do not fucking think so.""Tony, c'mon! Please?""Steve. I can literally fly us anywhere, get reservations anywhere, in the world for a date. And you want to go to a carnival?""Well, yes. But it'll be fun! And all the proceeds go towards a good cause, so..." Tony raised an eyebrow at Steve's earnest look. No doubt he was hoping to save orphans, or cancer patients, or puppies, or orphan puppies with cancer or whatever he was advocating this week. He sighed. His sol was to earnest for his own good. "Barnes. Help me knock some sense into your boyfriend.""Why is he my boyfriend when he's being annoying? Besides, Steve's right. It looks like fun, and it is for a good cause.""He bribed you, didn't he?""I will neither confirm nor deny that that allegation, dollface.""But it's the carnival.""What? Is dollface to much of a prima donna to be seen at a carnival?" Tony narrowed his eyes. He knew Bucky didn't really think that. And he knew the game he was playing. But damn it all if he didn't fall for it every. Single. Time. He huffed in annoyance and threw the rag he had been using to wipe his hands at DUM-E. "You know what? Fine. Let's go to a stupid carnival."-----So that's how he found himself here. It wasn't even one of the big, fancy ones with huge rides and crap. It was the kind with stands everywhere, a Ferris wheel, and a carousel. It was like he had stepped back in time. He was about to open his mouth and ask 'where to first', when the sound of wailing assaulted his eardrums. He looked over at the stall where it was coming from, and saw a little girl clutching her mother's pant leg. The mother was glaring at the man in the stall. "That's not fair! She beat that game fair and square!""Listen, lady. See that little hole right there? It didn't light up. So that means she didn't win.""But it went through the circle! Are the lights broken?""Well, I guess she shouldn't have thrown it at that one.""She's five! That's the only one she can freaking reach!""Boo-hoo. Listen, lady. No lights, no prize. Simple as that." Tony turned towards Steve to comment on how shitty that was, only to find his boyfriend gone. 
Shit. 
 Sure enough, Steve was stalking over towards the stall, fists clenched. He didn't even need to see his face to know it was twisted in angry determination. Tony groaned. Sure, they were all in disguise. Steve was wearing jeans, a coat (that he really didn't need), sneakers, a Dodgers hat, and those ridiculous nerd glasses (that he didn't even know where they came from). But Tony knew that if Steve went over there and did something stupid, their cover would be blown quicker than a windstorm. He gently tugged at Bucky's sleeve, who was examining the entire area. He was doing much better with crowds, but he still couldn't break the habit of scanning for threats everywhere they went. Tony didn't see the harm in it, and neither did the rest of the team, and it made Bucky feel more at ease, so Bucky didn't really have much incentive to stop. Bucky looked down at him in curiosity, and Tony merely pointed towards the stand where Steve was crouched down talking to the little girl. Bucky's eyes widened, and he swore. "That punk is going to blow our cover, ain't he?""Maybe not. But that stand worker isn't going to know what hit him." Sure enough, within minutes, to the carnie's surprise (but not to Tony and Bucky's), Steve had damn near cleared the stand of prizes, and was handing them out to the group of kids who had flocked to him in amazement. He broke away from the group, carrying an enormous white bear with a purple ribbon around its neck. He handed it to the little  girl, who clutched it to her chest. The mom thanked him profusely, and the little girl squealed in joy. "I'm gonna name'm Snowflake! Cuz' he's white, and I like the snow! Thanks mistah!""It's my pleasure. Take good care of him, alright?""I will!" Steve patted her head and made his way back over to his boyfriends. His cheeks colored pink a little as he explained himself. "Well, she looked so disappointed! And it wasn't like it took much effort on my part. And I had enough tickets..." Tony merely grinned at his sol, and kissed him on the cheek. "Well, it was pretty awesome to watch you turn into some kind of Robin Hood.""I'm glad you were entertained."-----They were walking around while stuffing their face with delicious funnel cake when Tony saw them. Two giant stuffed animals; a Captain America bear in his full uniform, and a Bucky bear in his new uniform, with one arm made to look like his metal arm (including the once red-now white star). 
He wanted them.
 His boyfriends noticed his interest in the bears, and rolled their eyes. But he wanted them. He ran up towards the stand, examining
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Carnivals
Humor
Possessive Bucky
Possessive Steve
Tony's Boyfriends are cheesy dorks
but he loves them anyway

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

