Chapter 1: December 8
    




Chapter Text

--green; it needs more green in the--
“Here,” Bucky said. "Yeah." Steve nodded slowly.  --black.  More green in the--  “Okay," and he looked down and saw that he was holding, not his palette, but a white plate with a sandwich on it. There was a smear of green on its edge, where Steve had grasped it with his thumb.“Tuna fish sandwich,” Bucky said implacably. “Glass of milk.”“Yeah, okay,” Steve said distractedly, looking for a place to set it down.  “In a—"“You said that two hours ago,” Bucky said."I—oh." Steve looked at his watch, being careful not to slide the sandwich off the plate; it didn't seem possible it had been two hours. "Thanks." He dropped his brush in the turps, wiped his hand on his jeans and picked up a triangle of sandwich. "Just I'm losing—""The light. I know," Bucky said, "but look, the days are three minutes long now; you've got to deal with it." He gave the painting a long, appraising look; Bucky knew not to talk about work in progress, but his face was a comment in itself.Steve raised his eyebrows, still chewing his sandwich. "You think it's dark?""I didn't say that," Bucky said.Steve looked at the painting again: it was dark, and the green undertones made it feel sinister, a little; he didn't think he'd meant that. Maybe he had meant it. "What do you think of when you look at it?" Steve asked finally.Bucky didn't say anything for a moment. "You're asking?"Steve thought about it for a moment, then said, "Yeah."Bucky took another hard look at the painting; Steve watched as his eyes moved across it, narrowed, unfocused. Bucky had a damn good pair of eyes."Schwarzwald," Bucky said finally, with a shrug of his metal shoulder."Yeah," Steve said. "I guess," and then, sighing a little: "The days are only three minutes long now," and Bucky replied, with soft sympathy: "Yeah, pal. I know."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

