Work Text:
Tony woke up hot, sticky with sweat, and feeling like he’d gone a week without bathing. He wrinkled his nose and tried to sniff his scent, despite knowing he’d never be able to smell it, except for the salty and tangy leftover traces of his sperm mixed in with his two mates’ from earlier activities.Tony insides curled with warmth and pleasure at the familiar smell, and he grumbled at his own ridiculousness. Really? Enjoying the smell of ejaculation? He’d call himself a cheap whore, but 1.) That would be degrading to sex workers, who already had to put up with so much shit, and 2.) He had never been cheap a day in his life.It had to be his sleep addled mind that was making him act weird and preen with joy at smell, Tony had no opinion about such a scent one way or another—except that if he could smell it long after sex then he’d better get out the super strong odor eater and get Bucky or Steve to help him find the stain and clean it. Those muscles were excellent for removing hard to get out stains, and Tony made a point of rewarding whoever helped him. Sometimes that reward created more stains, but hey, at least the first one was gone.Tony shook his head, refusing to think about cleaning at…Tony tried to push himself up to find something that would display the time, but was encased by super soldier limbs in every direction.He squinted and glared through blurry eyes at Steve, whose chest his nose was pressed against.Stupid, clingy, super humans (not that Tony could talk, considering he was just as clingy). Howard must have added octopus DNA in the super serum. It was the only explanation for why every morning if Tony was the first to wake up, he always found himself pinned to his mattress.He felt Bucky burrow closer behind him, until his mouth and nose sent warmth gusts of breath down Tony’s neck.Tony squirmed, feeling himself reacting and boiling over with heat.Damn, it was sweltering. It always felt like he was caged in a furnace when he slept between Bucky and Steve, but this… his skin and throat felt so dried out. He was burning up inside.Wiggling some more, Tony scurried down the mattress, stopping for a second when his head reached Steve’s hips and he had perfect view of that long, thick cock that was half erect.Tony licked his lips, his eyes zeroing in on the bead of pre-cum at the tip.Steve and Bucky had been very vocal about how much they enjoyed Tony’s surprise wake ups.But he didn’t want to wake up Steve or Bucky, he just wanted to get himself cleaned up, and he’d never be able to do that once he got started. The sounds his two alphas made when he took them apart was delicious, almost as gratifying as the taste of skin on his lips as he left marks along their bodies.Anyone who suggested that only alphas felt the need to mark their mates had not met Tony. He took possessive pride in the hickeys he left on their skin, and enjoyed that even if he spent hours covering Bucky and Steve head to toe in marks, within twelve hours, he'd get a chance to do it all over again when the hickeys vanished.Tony bit his bottom lip, and silently asked for forgiveness from Steve’s dick that he was ignoring it. He slithered the rest of the way off the bed, careful not to jostle his mates too much.With a soft thump, he landed on the floor then crawled a few feet before standing and heading toward the bathroom. Once inside, Tony closed the door and turned on the light. He sighed. “FRIDAY, time.”“It is 3:47 a.m.”Tony frowned. A little more than two hours had passed since Bucky and Steve had put on an excellent show for him that involved a lot of rough housing and posturing and ended in the two banging each other before finally letting Tony join them to get his brains blown out.Tony hadn’t timed how long his orgasm had been delayed as he’d watched his alphas go at each other, but he knew it had been long enough that his release had taken all of his energy out of him. He should have rested longer after being so thoroughly drained, but—Tony gritted his teeth as he felt beads of sweat break across his skin.Okay, enough over analyzing.Tony hopped into the shower and turned on the spray, keeping the temperature ice cold. He hissed. He could already fell his nipples harden and his balls receding from the icy water. Still he felt overheated. “FRIDAY, lower the room temperature. Just a tad.” He’d cool down in a minute, he didn’t need the AC too low.He heard the AC rumble to life and sighed in contentment as the sweat was rinsed off him.He’d barely been in the shower for a minute before the Bucky strolled into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him and entering the shower without preamble.“Sorry, did I—” Tony cut himself off as Bucky slowly back him up against the wall and into the corner.The water beat down on Bucky’s back, and with a grunt of annoyance, Bucky twisted to turn the knob to lukewarm.Tony stopped the whine that rose in his throat. “Hey, I had that right where I wanted it.”Bucky placed his arms on either s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega AU
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Possessive Tony Stark
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Shower Sex
Blow Jobs
Multiple Orgasms
Rimming
Come Swallowing
Come Sharing
Self-Lubrication
Heat Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Established Relationship
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Tags may be added

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

