Work Text:
It happened when they were sparring. Steve had distracted Thor in a completely unfair manner and managed to kick out Thor’s feet from under him but before Thor fell, he grabbed Steve’s shirt, bringing Steve down also. They laughed good-naturedly as they toppled over one another, sweaty and panting and Thor decided to get even. He lunged and pinned Steve down against the mat when the other wasn’t expecting it and despite being superhuman, Steve’s strength was no match for Thor’s.“That was a cruel trick you played,” Thor grinned, speaking lowly into the other’s ear. His whole body was pressed against Steve’s back and he felt Steve shiver underneath him.“I believe that warrants some punishment,” he said as he pulled Steve’s arms behind him. He had heard about a form of Midgardian punishment used against children and sometimes playfully against adults. He thought Steve would appreciate the jest and got off of Steve’s back before giving a round smack to the other’s pert behind. Thor didn’t think he had hit terribly hard, but Steve had gasped and stilled underneath him. But the other did not complain of pain, so he hit three more times, loving the sound of each smack against his cheeks before Steve grunted,“Thor. Please—stop.”Thor stopped immediately and let go of Steve’s wrists, concerned for a moment that he had seriously hurt the other. But Steve looked up and his face was bright red and he looked away, embarrassed. Thor was about to say something, but Steve scrambled up and away from him and it was pretty impossible to miss the giant tent in his sweatpants.
- -o0o- - Confused, later that day, Thor went to ask Tony about what had happened. He figured if it was a sexual thing, then Tony must know of it. He found the man in his lab, drinking coffee and working on one of those floating screens. Tony nodded at him when he entered,“Hey big guy.”Thor loomed over Tony’s shoulder for a moment, before deciding to just ask, “Is it common for Midgardians to enjoy the punishment of spanking?”Tony choked on his coffee and Thor patted his back to help him. Once Tony had recovered he grinned slyly,“I wouldn’t say it’s common, but it definitely happens. You got a spanking fetish, Thor?”“Nay, not I.” Tony’s grin widened, “Damn, I didn’t expect that of Captain Purity.”Thor’s brow furrowed. “You are aware that he and I engage in sexual relations, yes?”“Ugh, don’t remind me.”“Is it common for this practice to be considered shameful?”Tony frowned, “Who told you that?”“No one. It’s just that Steve seemed...embarrassed about his enjoyment.”“It’s probably just him and being from the forties. Sexually repressed time, you know.”Thor nodded, although he didn’t know, and vowed to find a solution to this. 
- -o0o- -The idea came to him when he was watching Steve undress for bed. He knew the other wasn’t flaunting, but he couldn’t help but watch his lover’s perfect behind, outlined by nothing but his underwear. He was glad that Steve had gotten that comfortable in his presence, especially now as he wanted to do nothing but grab that round bottom and see if it garnered a similar reaction as before. He beckoned Steve close and kissed him, hard and unyielding. He had always loved the softness of his lover’s lips and licked at them, pushing his tongue between them and Steve seemed to realize that this wasn’t a simple bedtime kiss and hastened to pull up Thor’s shirt. Thor’s large hands wandered down Steve’s back until they were splayed directly across Steve’s full ass. He squeezed hard and Steve bucked his hips against Thor’s a little, seemingly having forgotten that he was trying to get Thor shirtless.The god could feel Steve getting hard against his thigh. Thor squeezed again, harder, and ran his large fingers down between Steve’s cheeks before pushing them apart as much as he could through the material and Steve moaned into the kiss, more wanton than Thor had ever heard him. There was definitely was no doubt in Thor’s mind that Steve enjoyed this type of play and he gave the other a short slap to his bottom.“Thor,” Steve gasped, and Thor marveled at how hard the other was when he broke the kiss. Steve certainly hadn’t gotten that excited with just kissing before. He gave Steve’s ass another gleeful, hard squeeze. “Don’t,” Steve panted against his mouth, already looking properly debauched with flushed cheeks and wide pupils. It was a pity it seemed to bother him so much and Thor let his arms drop to his sides.
“Does your pleasure bring you shame?”Steve looked away, which was enough of an answer and admitted, “Yes...I...no? Not really. It’s just. I can’t keep control like that and it’s embarrassing.”“If I may say you don’t need to keep control and you shouldn’t find embarrassment in something that brings you pleasure. You especially shouldn’t find embarrassment in it because of me! I enjoy giving you such pleasure and I would gladly do so if you would let me.”Steve seemed surprised. “Really? I—you don’t find it weird?”“Not at all! I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Rimming
Fingerfucking
Anal Play
Anal Sex
Spanking
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

