Work Text:
i."I thought you were dead.""I thought you were smaller."Bucky's eyes are glazed, pupils all but engulfing his beautiful icy blue eyes, and the full-blown Omega-in-heat hormones that mingle with the smoke in the air are making Steve dizzy. The scientists with Project Rebirth had no idea how this new body would metabolize suppressants, so they've been shooting him up with just under the overdose limit.Thank God for small favors. That makes it unlikely Bucky's heat will kickstart his rut. "Why do you smell so...different?" Bucky asks. Steve resolutely ignores Bucky's right hand traveling from his chest to his hip. He's half-carrying his best friend with an arm around his waist, and he's never been this close to an Omega in heat before, not since the serum made his body strong enough to support a full rut as an Alpha. Even though the suppressants are doing their job and staving off his rut, the hormones are still going to his head a little."I finally presented," he says, trying to keep his voice even and calm. Trying to be the leader here."As?" Bucky's not watching where they're going. He's watching Steve's face, letting him half drag him along. Like Steve's the only thing that matters, even more than getting out of the building alive. It's equal parts flattering and annoying at this very moment."Alpha." Steve knows he should've said "an Alpha" and he definitely shouldn't have used the deep Alpha timbre of his voice, the same voice that Bucky knows from long nights on the fire escape, Coney Island and Brooklyn. But the success of finding Bucky alive is buzzing in his blood, a harrowing rescue is heady for an Alpha. Bucky's looking haggard and weak and the need to protect what's his is filling his head.Bucky sags against him a little, and Steve hikes him up, readjusting his grip as they shuffle along another nondescript corridor. Voices sound up ahead; German. There's a door to the right and Steve pulls Bucky through it, closes the door softly behind them. It's a supply closet, barely big enough for two. Bucky leans against the wall, jostling the mop leaning in the corner. Steve has his ear pressed against the metal door. The speakers are standing still; making a plan? And then Bucky is plastered up against his back, his hands wrap around Steve's chest, smoothing against the planes of muscle. "Bucky?" Steve can feel the heat of his body through their clothes; it's like he's on fire."Steve, Stevie, please."Steve turns in Bucky's arms, grabs his shoulders and forcibly moves him backward. His Omega needs him, and while his body has certainly noticed, Steve's mind is still clear. The voices are far enough away that they probably can't hear, but Steve would rather not risk it at this point. He could take them on his own, but with Bucky in a delicate condition—absolutely not."Quiet."It's dark, but Steve can see Bucky tip his chin up to bare his throat, responding to the Alpha command in his voice. He doesn't make a sound, but he's shivering, a cold sweat breaking out on his forehead. Steve can hear the Germans outside just fine without pressing his ear to the door, so he stays where he is, holding onto Bucky to make sure he doesn't move; doesn't speak. Priority number one is getting his Omega somewhere safe. But he's swaying on his feet, the heat burning him up. He probably hasn't had anything to drink all day; they're not notoriously good to prisoners here. Going through a heat alone is bad enough, but being underfed, dehydrated and probably tortured; Steve wants to rip off the heads and arms off everyone who did this to his best friend.So when Bucky sways forward again, a plea on his lips, Steve meets him halfway. He palms Bucky's cock, squeezing gently just once, his lips hovering over the plump pink ones he's dreamt of since he was 14. Bucky whines, hips jerking up and Steve can feel the hot pulse of cum dampening the front of Bucky's pants. Bucky sags against him, his face at the crook of his neck, inhaling deeply of whatever Alpha scent he can get off Steve's suppressant-riddled glands. Steve can't participate as fully as he would like, but he presses Bucky against the wall next to the mop and noses into his neck, just at the hinge of his jaw where his scent is strongest. The soft noises his friend is making call to a part of him he hasn't had much experience with, and it surprises him when he licks up Bucky's neck to bite his earlobe. When Bucky's ready again, far quicker than Steve expects for someone treated so poorly, he grabs at Steve's shoulders, pulling him down into his lips and kisses him frantically. When Bucky licks into his mouth, Steve presses him hard against the wall, rolling his hips into him and spilling into his U.S. Army regulation underpants. He's just glad he'd changed out of his tights.Steve opens up Bucky's fly and gets his hand inside. There's sticky cum drying on his skin, so Steve spits into his hand—Bucky whines at that, and Steve kisses him again to cut it off. He strokes B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
WWII
1940s
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Shameless Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Smut
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
oblivious idiots
Mutual Pining
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

