Chapter 1: Bucky
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
       One month after he moved into his uncle’s apartment, Bucky considered letting himself die as an alternative to ever going out again.Maybe he should have stayed in therapy. * Objectively, all Bucky had to do was put on his coat, go all the way down from the sixth floor and cross the street to pop into the 24/7 convenience store at the corner. If he didn’t want to go through all this trouble—which was understandable: it was getting dark, and the six floors up were a bitch when you were carrying groceries—he could just stay in and eat whatever for tonight.Except that Bucky literally didn’t have anything left to eat.No rice, no pasta, no cans of any kind, no soup, not even some tomato sauce he could have scooped directly out with a spoon. (Something he’d done before, and for which he would not be judged.) All he had left was a half-empty bottle of soy sauce, which would’ve gone marvelously well with—let’s say, rice. So all he had to do was go out and buy some damn rice.Except that Bucky hadn’t left his apartment since he’d moved in.It wasn’t like he was enjoying it. In fact, he’d been doing a whole lot of nothing. Wandering from room to room, turning on the TV, turning it off again, booting up his antique computer and giving up when the Internet failed to connect again. That was on the days he managed to move. Mostly he couldn’t bring himself to get out of bed. He’d stay in and stare at his alarm clock, at the time passing by, promising himself he’d get up in five minutes, just five minutes more, yet just staying there and hating himself a bit more with each passing second.Whenever he managed to get up, the first thing on his mind was that his sheets were disgusting. He should wash them, he really should, but he didn’t have a laundry machine in there. The second thing was that he should take a shower. But the shower was even grosser than him. So he should clean that first. But he didn’t have the energy, so he thought later, later. In the end he avoided the bathroom altogether and changed into slightly less dirty clothes—he didn’t have any clean ones anymore, so he had some kind of rotation system going on. His bedroom was a mess, and when he tried the living room instead, it was also a mess. He knew he should at least try to take the trash out. But he still had bags left, so they just piled up by the door.He didn’t understand how this had happened. He couldn’t remember when he’d first started letting on. But now, all he could see were things he should clean, things he should put away, things he should tidy up, things he should do, things he should be. It made him want to go curl up right back under the covers. And most of the time, it was exactly what he did.He barely even had enough energy for that. Even when he was resting, he kept catching himself thinking he wanted to rest. Kinda like wanting to go home but already being there.Whenever he tried to motivate himself, to find something to kick his own ass with, he came up empty, and he kept asking himself questions which led to more questions which inevitably spiraled down into blank dread. In the end, why should he get up? Scraping by, pulling himself up, making himself cook and clean and plan—all of that, all this effort, and for what? What was the idea here? What was the point?He’d tried talking about it with Rollins, once, during his short-lived week at the VA. That was before he’d moved in; he was still stationed with the others. Getting out of bed was already starting to become harder, and he’d tried to explain what he was feeling, struggling for words, thinking it’d be easier to tell someone he knew in private, rather than speak up in front of everybody. Rollins had looked at him and said: “Dude, you’re not suicidal, are you?”As if it was a dirty word.It was what they were all terrified of, at the VA. Like a bunch of high schoolers gossiping about who was or wasn’t a virgin. Except this time around, it was who did or didn’t want to kill themselves. They’d come back from the war and they’d survived their wounds and yet they still had to pretend and be brave. Still had to be strong and claim they were fine, they were adapting well, therapy was working absolute wonders and they were totally looking forward to the Fourth of July. “Getting better”—the words you couldn’t escape. I think he’s getting better. Have you been getting better? We’re all gonna get better. Bucky had hated his mandatory week of therapy, and dropped out as soon as he was allowed to. He was fine, he had a place to live, he was getting better, he just wanted to be left alone, he didn’t want to see these people and be reminded of what he’d lived through and what he’d done, he wanted to forget all about it—and maybe repressing was bad for you, but then again so was smoking and yet everyone did it. So they could all go to hell. He’d left, and despite the little voice telling h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Homelessness
Veterans
Mental Health Issues
Agoraphobia
Depression
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
rape mention
Slow Burn
Touch-Starved
Trans Character
Implied/Referenced Transphobia
depictions of violence
Mutual Pining
Explicit Sexual Content
(at some point)
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Sam Wilson
Alexander Pierce Is A Dick In Every Universe
steve and bucky will always help each other before helping themselves

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

