Work Text:
“You know, I don’t remember The Ugly Duckling having so much murder last time I read it,” Tony opines, face smashed up against the glass and green smoothie dripping sadly down the leg of his trousers. “You’re paying for dry-cleaning, by the way.” “You’ve never read The Ugly Duckling,” Natasha responds peacefully. He can hear the smooth flick of her magazine even all the way over by the window where he was nearing third base with his own reflection. “You don’t know that. I mean, you’re right, but you don’t know that.” “Besides,” she interjects, “that would make Hydra the beautiful swans, right? So, none of that metaphor really makes sense.” “To be honest I was really relying on the ‘duckling’ part to carry me through,” Tony admits, “I was hoping the mental image of small, fluffy animals would get Terminator’s hand out of my throat. Which, also, any help would, you know. Be appreciated. Not to push. I’m not pushing.” The Winter Soldier, on the other hand, continues to gently push. “Okay, painful bordering on excruciating. Okay. Natasha? Please? Your hair looks lovely this morning?” “Oh, hey,” a new voice interrupts, and Tony’s knees go out from under him with relief when the weight from the back of his neck suddenly disappears. He melts against the window, the cityscape winking back at him through the glass, and sags gratefully onto his back. “Cap! What timing, as usual. Please tell Fido to exnay on the urdermay, would you? There’s a doll.” Tony likes to throw out the old-timey slang sometimes, just to annoy Steve, but he can be forgiven for forgetting who else it annoys, because he is reasonably certain the Soldier has cut off a large amount of oxygen to his brain. In any case, at the d-word the hulking mass of black leather and Kevlar above him makes a low, mean grunt, and Tony remembers exactly what got him slammed up against the glass in the first place. The Soldier takes a step closer. Tony squeaks. At the doorway, in his finest sweatpants and under-armour, Captain America looks sadly at the scene and sighs.  
   To cut a long-story short – although, it was pretty short for Steve, because he was unconscious for most of it – apparently appealing to the Winter Soldier’s humanity for a long, drawn out period, the general collapse of SHIELD’S Hydra faction around their ears, and Steve’s general refusal to fight back against what he insisted was just another of Hydra’s many victims, resulted in the remaining, scattered Avengers gathered on the bank of the Potomac in a semi-circle, muttering between themselves and eyeing off what had summarily been titled: the Situation. The Situation was thus: One: Unconscious Captain America, looking as heroic as a passed out bloodied punching bag could look when it stunk of river water and blood. And One: Winter Soldier, hunched protectively over his body, metal arm hanging at an odd angle and deep blue eyes fixed on the approaching group. His flesh and blood hand is wound up deep in the torn fabric of Steve’s upper armour. Some pink, All-American skin is showing. (“He was dragging him out of the river,” Natasha argues later. “Nat, be honest, he was going for the Full Monty.” Says Clint. “I’m pretty sure we interrupted him in the middle of giving ‘emergency CPR’,” Tony agrees, “Or the stage after emergency CPR. Emergency Dick? Is that a thing?” “That’s not a thing,” Natasha and Clint reply.) On the bank of the Potomac, Natasha narrows her eyes and barks something in Russian. The Winter Soldier flinches – towards Steve, rather than away – and slams his useless metal arm into the mud next to Steve’s face, hiding it from view. He snarls something back. Natasha hums. The Winter Soldier glares. “I am understanding all of this,” Sam points out clearly, “I am completely up-to-date. Just like everyone else is, yeah?” “Oh, totally.” Clint says, and then, “actually, that last big bang in the helicarrier took out my hearing aids. Is Nat speaking another language or did that metal beam hit me harder than I thought?” “Russian.” Sam says morosely. “Oh, nice,” Clint replies smoothly, and then turning back to the scene, shouts, “Nat! Tell him he’s a dick!”  
   In summary, Steve wakes in hospital with Sam (“On your left.”) and the Winter Soldier (“On your right, holy shit, Steve, he hasn’t moved a muscle. I don’t think he’s blinked. Has he blinked? Was that a blink? Do you think only super-soldiers can see when he blinks? I want you to tell me if he blinks.”). “Oh,” Steve croaks, hair mussed back and baby-blues still a little foggy, lips dry from the parched hospital air conditioning. “Hey, soldier. You made it.” He smiles weakly. The Winter Soldier’s eyes narrow in on Steve’s lips. He looks vaguely hunted. Sam shouts for the nurse.  
  So the Soldier doesn’t speak English, exactly. Steve moves into Avengers Tower (“Just for a short time, Tony, so I can keep an eye on him in a secured – stop smirking like that.”), because the Soldier needs to be under surveillance for pretty much
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Winter Soldier/Steve Rogers - Freeform
Crack
complete and utter faffing about
Humour
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
AU
Fluff
The Winter Soldier woos Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

