Work Text:
One of Doom’s henchmen went flying down 5th Avenue and landed, hard, on top of a bus stop.Tony sighed. He cut the thrusters and brought himself down to street level. He flipped his helmet up since, well, why not at this point? “So that just happened.”Clint came over. “Tell me that guy didn’t just - ““Oh he did,” Tony told him. He watched as Hulk grabbed a car and used it to swipe three Doombots down like bowling pins in a street-sized alley. “He very much did.”“What, again?” This from Natasha, who’d appeared from who knew where.“For the record I had nothing to do with this,” Tony said.A Doombot went flying past. One of its arms flew by a moment later.“Other than the usual,” Tony added.Natasha sat down on the hood of the car next to Clint and Tony. She folded her legs up underneath her as she made herself comfortable. “How do they not know better by now?”“If it was me?” Clint brought a hand up to shield his eyes from the sun as they all watched Hulk stomp his way towards Doom’s henchmen. Most of the henchmen tried to scatter before Hulk could reach them. “That’d be, like, lesson one in the minion training manual. Maybe two after stuff like not giving away the location of the secret hideout.”“You’d think,” Tony agreed.One of the henchmen gestured towards Hulk, clearly trying to say something. It was too far away to hear what it was, but -Tony, Clint, and Natasha all winced when the henchman went through a plate glass window.“There’s a pain that’ll linger,” Tony observed.“How do they not learn?” Natasha asked.Coulson walked up. “What the hell is going on? Why are you all just standing around?”A police car, thankfully unoccupied, tumbled past.“What, again?” Coulson asked.“Yep,” Clint said. He drew the word out slowly, popping the last P.“If he throws one more of those I’m going to have to have lunch with the mayor,” Tony said. “I can’t express how much I’d rather be fighting the Doombots.”“How does this keep happening?” Coulson asked, but he didn’t bother waiting for an answer. He walked off, putting a hand to his ear to activate his comm as he said, “Director Fury, one of Doom’s henchmen tried - yes again - ““To be fair, it wasn’t one of Doom’s guys last time,” Natasha pointed out.“I’d still spread that information,” Clint said. “Common courtesy. Honor among evil and all that.”“Maybe it doesn’t count when you’re all competing for global domination,” Tony said.There was an explosion two blocks down. Hulk roared in triumph.“Looks like you own another Starbucks,” Natasha told Tony.“I think if I buy two more the next one’s free,” Tony said.The ground trembled underneath them as Hulk tossed a van at some Doombots, taking out another storefront in the process.“That one was abandoned,” Clint said, helpfully.Tony facepalmed. “No. It’s fine. I needed to buy more space. I’ll build a really big closet and use it to store my out of season clothes.”“Clothes have seasons?” Clint asked. To which Natasha gently patted Clint on the arm.A shadow fell over all of them. They looked up to see a plane with a familiar 4 logo on the side hovering above them.“Oh this day just keeps getting better,” Tony said.There was a crackle on the speakers, and Reed Richards’ voice came over the comms. “What happened?”“One of Doom’s guys tried suicide by Hulk,” Clint explained.“Are we sure he didn’t do that on purpose?” Tony asked, to nobody in particular. “Maybe Doom needs to get more therapists on staff. Have a company picnic. Give out free t-shirts. Something to improve morale.”Reed’s voice broke in again. “Whatever the guy did can’t have been that bad.”“If you wanna try explaining that to Hulk, by all means,” Tony said, gesturing towards where Hulk skipped a Doombot down the street like a stone over water. “He looks like he’s up for a friendly conversation.”“This can’t keep happening,” Reed said.“Try telling that to the bad guys,” Natasha suggested.“Or maybe Stark could try getting control of his boyfriend,” Reed shot back.“He’s kidding with this bullshit, right?” Clint asked.Tony gave a casual shrug. “Reed’s just jealous that even with the stretchy power he’s not man enough to take my boyfriend.”“I heard that, Stark.”“Oh, did I leave my comm on accidentally?” Tony replied, with false sweetness.“Dr. Richards, considering the current situation, you may wish to park elsewhere,” Natasha suggested.“Aw, c’mon, Nat,” Clint said, as he saw the Hulk looking in their direction. “It’s been entire days since we watched Hulk toss a plane.”“Wasn’t that when he thought someone was looking at you funny?” Natasha asked Tony, even though she knew full well what had caused the incident in question.“Not so much look as tone,” Tony said, keeping his comm on. “But hey, if Reed wants to hang out here and bitch at me for no reason I’m sure the big guy will know the difference.”“You’re going to have to deal with the cleanup, Stark,” Reed said before flying the plane away.Clint watched him go, then turned to the others. “Anyone hungry? I could grab us some s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
Protectiveness
Crack
sciencebros
Science Boyfriends

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Hulk/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

