Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Let them call it mischief: When it is past and prospered t'will be virtue. ~ Ben Jonson

When Phil emerges from the communications blackout necessary for his current mission, there are dozens of messages waiting for him. This is normal, except that one of them is marked A1. Once upon a time he got those messages for any high priority op that went balls up, but these days operational priorities have been adjusted and no one sends that kind of alert to him unless something has gone wrong with the Avengers. He delegates the remainder of the op to his second in command and arranges a ride with the nearest military base. It isn't an American base, but they listen to reason. He's very good at being reasonable.He reads the message en route. Fury prefers it when Phil arrives prepared, but there isn’t much detail in the message itself, which means Fury didn't want to risk the information even on secure channels. All Phil knows when the jet lands on the Helicarrier is that thirty-two hours ago there was an encounter with Loki, the ever-present pain in the ass was not secured, and all of the Avengers are alive. The use of that word--alive--in particular, winds Phil's shoulders into knots.Hill is waiting when he climbs out of the jet. She falls into step beside him as he heads off the deck at a brisk pace. "They're in quarantine," she begins. "Except for Thor, who has been determined to be immune, but he's staying close." Technically, she should have started at the beginning, but Phil doesn't correct her. She knew he needed to know where he was going. "Loki was sighted in San Francisco thirty-five hours ago. The Avengers were assembled and dispatched.""Do we know what his target was?" Phil asks. His shoes echo on the metal deck of the Helicarrier halls, a sharp contrast to the quiet, rubber-soled boots of the tactical gear that most of the agents are wearing."Unconfirmed, but with a high degree of confidence, we believe it was a particle physics research lab," Hill says. "We've been monitoring them for some time, as their work shows a non-trivial similarity to the readings we got from Thor's hammer and the opening of the Biforst. Their readings aren’t as focused as Dr. Foster's, of course. The researchers are unharmed. There was damage to their experimental rig, which is being generously repaired by SHIELD in exchange for the usual considerations."Phil nods his approval, but he can't help the way his steps quicken as they approach medical. Quarantine. He swallows the lump in his throat. "And the Avengers?""The Avengers engaged Loki and withdrew him to a less populated location," Hill continues. "The battle was proceeding favorably when Stark made one of his comments. I'm given to understand it was something along the lines of Loki feeling threatened by intelligence.""I very much doubt Stark put it like that," Phil deadpans.Hill's lips quirk. "No. Loki took offense. He said, and this is from Stark's recordings, 'You are hardly removed from mindless beasts. Shall we see how far removed?' There was a flash of light--" there's always a flash of light, Phil thinks wryly "--and all of the Avengers, excepting Thor, reported disorientation and momentary but intense pain. Thor reports that Loki vanished simultaneously with the flash."Pain isn't enough for a quarantine. "What's developed in addition to the pain?" Phil asks. They're at medical, now. As he and Hill make their way to the quarantine area, the staff hurry out of their way. "The symptoms are...idiosyncratic," Hill says. Phil raises an eyebrow. She shakes her head. "Just see for yourself."Thor is standing at the window that makes up one wall of the quarantine room, one arm folded across his chest, the fingers of the other hand resting on his chin. His brow is furrowed, but he doesn't seem as worried as Phil expected him to be. He greets Phil with a nod as Phil turns his gaze towards the team.Captain America has a tail. Steve Rogers, rather, because he's wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt rather than his costume. Someone has cut a hole in the seat of the pants for the tail, which is long and as blond as the hair on Steve's head. He's sitting on the bottom bunk of one of four sets of bunk beds, staring down at the tail. Every now and then it thumps the mattress, and Steve twitches, as if startled. On closer inspection, Phil can see that he's also sporting a very fine layer of golden fur and that his fingernails have darkened and thickened substantially. Other than that--and the odd way he keeps moving his mouth--he seems healthy.Banner, on the other hand, looks deathly ill. There's some kind of growth on his forehead, and he's so gray that Phil wonders why he isn't in the ICU. Then Phil realizes that the color isn't due to blood loss, it's pigmentation. Banner’s skin is literally gray. It seems to have developed a pronounced texture as well. His shoulders are slumped and he's chewing, slowly and steadily, on a power bar. He looks like you could
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Transformation
First Time
Get Together

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

