Work Text:





Bucky locked up the restaurant hours later than normal. There was a mix-up with a meat delivery, and it took ages to sort out. He finally had everything inventoried and could call it a night. As he flicked off the lights in the empty kitchen, he ignored the fact that he would be back in less than five hours—four o'clock on the dot—-to prepare for the morning rush. He didn't mind, though. Some people hated their jobs, but he was lucky enough to do something that he loved. He owned a restaurant called The Barnes housed in an up-and-coming neighborhood in Brooklyn. Surrounded by indie coffeehouses on one corner and cluttered bookstores on the other, it wasn't a place that was too fancy or too important. But he loved it. Trudging into work in the wee hours of the morning wasn't a chore for him. He bounced out of bed even when the only thing up that early in the city was him and the garbage trucks. Despite the success of the past three years, he knew The Barnes might close one day. Restaurants closed all the time, especially in a city like this one. For now The Barnes was his life. He never tired of reading his name on the door. Or writing specials on the folding chalkboard that greeted people on the way inside. He never regretted how much sacrifice it took to make The Barnes special. As he exited the back door and stepped into the deserted alley that ran behind the restaurant, a nagging moment of self-doubt formed in his head. 
Am I happy? Don't be an ass, of course you are. The Barnes is a success. People stand outside, rain or shine, for Sunday brunch. It's everything you wanted. 
It was true though. The daily grind left parts of his life neglected. And nights huddled over his MacBook writing recipes were losing their excitement. Good thing Sam worked with him otherwise his friendships would've fallen to the wayside right beside his love life.  "Sam, I'm just closing up. Are you there?" He shifted the phone from his ear, tilting his head to hold the device against his shoulder. It was dark outside. Quiet. Eerie. With his attention on Sam reprimanding him for being at The Barnes late again, Bucky missed the street light on the nearest corner blinking on and off in a warning. "Yeah, yeah. I'm going home—"He patted his pant pockets then his jacket. He struggled to find the key in his hands and when he did he exclaimed 'Aha!' and pushed it into the lock. Apologizing to Sam, even though he knew he wasn't sorry, he told his friend goodbye, promised to go home on time tomorrow, and hung up his phone. As he stepped off the curb, adjusting the leather strap of his bag over his head onto his shoulder, a high-pitched noise rang out into the air. The shrill screech made Bucky cover his ears, head spinning on a swivel, searching for the source. He turned, and the blinding white headlights surrounded him. Followed by thick smoky plumes, skidding tires, and the scrape of metal on metal. Everything propelling forward, coming straight for him in slow-motion. I'm about to die, this is it, I'm not gonna make it, he thought, as the vicious crash came hurling towards where he stood motionless on the sidewalk. He thought about how easily life could end: in the span of two seconds. He thought about how Sam would mourn for him, blame himself for letting Bucky work so late at night. He hoped Sam would know it wasn't his fault. His feet felt glued to the sidewalk as though he trudged through quicksand. The world caught up to real-time, and he attempted to run out of harm's way. Even as he moved he knew he was going to die. His body tensed bracing for the impact, for the pain—"I got you," a voice behind him said out of nowhere. Then he flew, feet lifting from the ground, wind whipping in his face, the world tilting topsy turvy around him.In crazed thought, Bucky wondered if he was dead. Flying seemed like something dead people would be able to do. "Come in, I'm off my target!" The voice spoke again, cutting through the air. Bucky's eyes fluttered open, and okay, this wasn't flying. He was on the back of a motorcycle, clinging to a man who was driving erratically. They weaved in and out of streets and turns in quick— almost impossible— precision. They were going so fast that Bucky thought he was about to puke, his stomach rolling into knots. "Tony, I need you to head back around the rear. Reinforcements are coming up the backside of the landing zone. I have a civilian, and there's a ton of debris…I need to make a detour," the man said."Shit. Shit. I can't believe that just happened." The wind sucked up the sound of Bucky's voice and he doubted the man heard him. He squeezed his eyes closed again as they zoomed across an intersection blinking nothing but red lights. The tires screeched as they took a sharp turn at the next block, nearly colliding into a building and parked cars and newspaper bins. On the next street, scattered screams filled the air. Bucky glanced behind them, hair lashing against his face. That was when h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Humor
Fluff
Romance
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Bucky is your grandma
Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

