Chapter 1



Notes:
Okay, confession time. This story is semi-autobiographical. Except I'm not really Deadpool. I'm scarred and half-crazy, but nope. This story is based off my own experiences as a non-traditional college student. College is a lot different as an older adult than it is when you're fresh out of high school (I have had both experiences). There is a different kind of dynamic that happens between you and the professors, especially when you happen to be in their age range (or older in one case). With so many college AU's, I thought it would be fun to write one for the slightly older crowd. Also, I wanted to write something with less angst. All my stories end up so damned serious. I promise this will not get as dark. Anyway, ENJOY!




Chapter Text
New Salem Community College is a small campus with a good reputation. According to all the brochures and online searches, it is ranked close to the top for two-year colleges in the state and has a high graduation rate. The classes are small. The campus is modern and clean.Just pulling on to the lot is terrifying for Wade Wilson. It was terrifying a month ago when he showed up for a meeting with his advisor to get his class schedule, and as he puts the car in park, his palms are already sweating.Really, he shouldn't be nervous. Wade has faced down enemy fire, been dropped into hostile territory, survived an IED blast for christ's sake, but this is somehow more terrifying.There's just so many people. Not just people, but young people. Kids. Kids that are the same age he was when he enlisted into the Marines, but all somehow seeming younger. They walk through the lot without a care in the world with friends and phones with their well-coordinated outfits, and Wade just feels old.Still, it beats sitting around his apartment watching Spanish soap operas and feeling sorry for himself. It's not like he's the first guy to get a divorce and be forced to move in with his best friend. And really, living with Weasel isn't that bad. Wade keeps the place clean and Weasel doesn't gripe too much when Wade leaves his guns in the living room. It's just that he thought things were going great with him and Shiklah. He never imagined he'd find her in bed with some hairy backed asshole that would pass easier as a werewolf than a human.It's 8:30, and Wade's first class doesn't start until 9, but he wanted to get there early so he would at least be on time if he couldn't find it right away. He never thought that the hardest part of finding his class would be getting out of the car. He barely slept the night before because of the nerves, and he was starting to regret eating breakfast. He really regrets drinking a second cup of coffee because the caffeine is starting to make him jittery. Okay, more jittery."Quit being such a pussy, Wade," he says outloud and to himself. He taps the steering wheel in a nervous rhythm, then takes a deep, steeling breath and opens the door.Outside, the morning air is thick with humidity from the late-summer storm that passed through the night before. Here and there, small puddles linger in the parkinglot, and Wade can't help but smirk when he sees a couple kids-er-young adults stomp through them. Despite the heat, he's wearing a long sleeved shirt with the symbol of his strike team-the Deadpool Corps-in the middle of the chest. He wears it like a security blanket, a reminder that he has been through worse before.Feeling a little more confident, Wade grabs his book-laden backpack out of the back seat and slips it onto both shoulders, and starts towards the sidewalk that leads to the Stark Learning Center.As he walks, Wade starts to feel more relaxed. He doesn't really like to be around people, but this isn't about being around others. This is about bettering himself and getting a fresh start to his life. At least that's what Nate said when the big bastard suggested he go back to school. He is Wade's therapist, of a sort, and is always pushing him to do something. Which isn't a bad thing, and if this whole college-thing works out, Wade will probably have to send Nate a thank you note. Or maybe not. Nate doesn't need another reason to think he's the Messiah."Do you know where you're going?"Wade pauses in his trek and looks at the smiling face of an elderly woman wearing a NSCC ID badge. May, the name says. He nods towards the Stark Learning Center and says, "I think I'm on the right path. Stark 144."Her smile is like sunshine, and she says, "You are certainly on the right path. Just go through those double doors, go to the end of the hall and take a left. Your room will be on the left side of the hall.""Thanks, Miss May," he says with a grin, and he continues on with a little pep in his step.Inside the Stark Learning Center looks just like high school, minus the lockers. Kids on their cell phones and in clusters clog the halls. Everyone looks like they are dressed to impress, and Wade feels only slightly self-conscious in his ratty blue jeans and remin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
College Student Wade
Professor Peter Parker
Slow Build
Fluff and Humor
Teacher-Student Relationship
Sexual Content
Family Feels
Angst
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Recovery
Stan Lee Cameo
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

