Work Text:
"Jokes on you," said Tony from his spot bound to the wooden chair. "Drugging me isn't going to get the reaction you want."
"Stark, shut up," hissed Natasha over the screen, her eyes flitting around the tablet as she searched for any clues that would get them Tony's location faster.
"Two minutes," whispered Bruce from his computer just out of sight of Natasha.
The call had come in ten minutes ago onto the tablet. At first, it was the usual recorded threats in exchange for a life, then there were images flashing through of Tony, bound and being tortured, until they eventually settled on Stark in the chair via live feed.
"This isn't a drug you're familiar with," said the deep voice of a man from behind a smiley face mask. "It's one of my own making. It'll trap you in your mind, making you relive your worst nightmares. They'll appear real, you won't know where you are, and all your friends can do is watch as you scream and thrash and make a fool of yourself."
"To what end?" asked Tony, eyeing the needle as it made a slow approach to his arm. "What can you possibly gain from this? You can't win, you know that."
"I get to watch you suffer like I had to suffer when my son was sent to war and killed with your weapons," snapped the man before he stabbed the needle into Tony's arm and let the mint green liquid flow into his system.
Then he walked away, shutting and locking the door.
The Avengers waited with bated breath for the drugs to take effect. Bruce still scanned the map as Jarvis steadily narrowed down the possible location list, Clint flew in the direction of the red zone, Natasha studied the other person on the other side of the screen, and Steve secured the parachute around his frame, ready to jump out if there wasn't a safe place to land.
On the screen, Tony was frozen, eyes closed,the only indication that he was alive being the unsteady rise and fall of his chest. The didn't even twitch, gave no sign that he could feel, he just sat there breathing.
"What's wrong with him?" asked Steve, looking over Natasha's shoulder at the screen. "Shouldn't the drug have taken hold of his mind by now?"
"Got it!" yelled Bruce, shouting exact coordinates to Clint.
They flew faster than was legal to the location, all more worried by Tony's lack of response than they would have been had he been screaming. Yelling, waving arms, and cursing were normal for the billionaire, silence was not.
(In the room)
Just before the needle had entered his arm, Tony had retreated into his mind, which he had set up like a castle. When he was younger, he had organized his mind like a computer, setting up files and icons to find quickly. Everything was in order, had a place, and was well labeled. It had stayed that way, new files and icons being created as needed, until Obidiah had him kidnapped. In that cave, he had to quickly reorder his mind to fit the situation. He knew that torture was coming, knew there was a reason he was kept alive, so before he had opened his eyes initially, he had taken down all the files and icons in his mind and made it into a castle.
Every file got a room, each category got a wing, and when the torture finally came, Tony managed to hide in his safe room, empty of anything but a marker an equations, away from the pain and demands. The walls were filled with his own plans, scribbled in various colored markers, but they kept him calm.
He knew the drugs would open all the locked doors of his mind, there were lots of rooms he h ad vowed never to open and risk unleashing what was inside, but he knew the drugs would do just that, so in an attempt to avoid the pain and fear he had already lived through, Tony had shut his eyes, retreated into mis mind castle, and ran down the red carpeted halls to his safe room, slamming and locking the thick door an instant before the needle pierced his skin.
When he looked around the room, he was taken aback and moderately worried that he had entered the wrong room- as unlikely as that was. The walls held equations and plans, markers were strewn about where he had left them the last time he visited, but for the first time, he was not alone.
"Well shit," said Tony, rubbing the back of his neck. "I guess the drug is stronger than I thought."
"You know, for a genius you're a right idiot sometimes," said Clint with his smirk.
"We're here because it's your safe place," explained Bruce, always the helpful one. "You trust us to keep you safe so we're here to do that."
"That's stupid," said Tony, sitting tailor style on the floor, fingers drumming absently. "I don't even like you guys all that much. Why on earth would I expect you to keep me safe?"
"You don't," said Steve, crouching next to Tony, his voice soft and understanding, melting against Tony's ears until he decided to make his next AI's voice sound like Steve's. "Bruce isn't entirely wrong, you do trust us in battle to keep you safe. But you have us here in your safe place because you want to keep us from harm."
"Why on earth 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Kidnapping
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Mind Games
Implied/Referenced Torture
Team as Family
Movie Night
Clint Is a Good Bro
BAMF Natasha
Steve had a great voice
Tony Feels

fandom: 
None
