Chapter 1: in which Phil Coulson goes on 'vacation'
    




Chapter Text
When Phil Coulson opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was Fury, sitting by his bedside in a pale green plastic chair. He blinked.
Still there, damn it.
But then he saw Fury's face. He looked tired, and frustrated, and a lot pissed-off, which was normal enough. Phil opened his mouth to speak, but started coughing, while Fury got him a glass of water. He sipped it slowly, steadying his hands on the glass. "What happened?"The last thing he remembered, the Helicarrier was falling, Loki's brainwashed men (and Clint, a tiny part of his brain reminded him) had boarded the aircraft, and the Avengers had scattered. He'd went to the Cage, and then...He frowned. "Did we all get out OK? Were there any casualties?"Fury met his eyes steadily. "Nothing you have to worry about, Phil." He got up, out of his chair, and made to leave. "Wait!" Phil made to move after him, not satisfied with that at all, but suddenly it felt like his chest was on fire, and it hurt to breathe. He hunched over, clutching at the hospital gown. So that had really happened then.Fury was back beside him, pushing him back against the pillows. "Breathe. Or the nurses will kick me out." The image itself was ridiculous enough to make Phil smile, but then he sobered. "Nick. Is everyone alright?"Fury hesitated. Oh shit-"The Avengers are fine." Phil frowned, not quite appeased."Then SHIELD...""Mostly fine, since the Captain and Stark managed to get the engines going again, and we've accounted for all the injured." And dead, but he didn't say it. "We also managed to capture the compromised agents. Including Agent Barton.""Did you get Loki?" Phil needed to know, even as he breathed a sigh of relief that Barton was under SHIELD custody (hopefully they'd find a way to get him back to himself soon. C-Barton was one of their best agents, after all).Fury cracked a grin at this, slightly vicious. "Yeah, we did. Or rather, the Avengers did."Phil's heart skipped a beat. That, that was good, all of them working together. But Fury didn't comment any further, instead lapsing into silence."Sounds like the Avengers Initiative is a go, then," Phil commented lightly, waiting to see his reaction. There was something he wasn't being told, he could tell after working with Fury for this long."Not quite." Fury told him. "The World Security Council put a hold on the program. They weren't too happy with how the whole thing went over." Phil raised an eyebrow at him, sure that there was more he wasn't being told, but Fury ignored it."By the way, you have some family in California, right?""Yes," Phil dragged out. "You know this already.""I think it'll be best if you went to visit them. Say hello-""Stay for Thanksgiving? Go sightseeing?" Phil asked sardonically. "Are you sending me away?""I prefer to think of it as more of an impromptu vacation.""... sure you do." He sighed tiredly. When Fury got snarky, there was no reasoning with him."Fine then. But I'll have to call them first."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Phil Coulson is a BAMF
Keep Calm and Phil Coulson

fandom: 
None
