Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It feels like Peter’s entire body is drenched in sweat. His muscles ache, his breath coming out in rough pants. He can’t find the energy to move from this position, laying passively where he’d been thrown.Peter glares up at the roof. It’s unfair; Natasha and Steve are breathing a little roughly, sure, but they aren’t even sweating. Natasha’s hair is unruffled. Their clothes look freshly ironed.“This is bullying,” Peter tells the gym roof. He lays there, sprawled like a starfish, for a long moment. His back throbs where he’d been thrown and landed roughly. His face hurts.“It’s not bullying,” Steve admonishes lightly. “It’s training. Vital training.”Natasha brushes a non-existent strand of hair out of her face, and adds, “You have to stop relying on your powers to protect yourself, Peter. What happens if you’re cornered? Or something messes with your powers?”Peter levers himself up onto his elbows, staring at her open-mouthed. “My powers can be messed with? Is that seriously a thing?”“Maybe,” Steve says. “So far all you’ve come up against are run-of-the-mill street criminals, and inexperienced villains in fancy costumes. One of these days, you could come up against someone who’s experience trumps your spider-sense and web shooters.”Peter groans at the ceiling, and resists the urge to throw his fists and feet down on the matt like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Unfortunately, he knows they’re right. He’s been improving in leaps and bounds since he was brought on by the Avengers and had a network of a experienced superheroes to better help guide him, but still. He’s not improving enough, not nearly fast enough.It gets old being the youngest, untrained member on the team.“That doesn’t make getting beaten up on the daily by my teammates any less suck-y,” Peter tells them. He is not pouting. He’s an adult and a fully-fledged member of the Avengers and he is not pouting.Steve extends a hand and helps Peter to his feet. The blond claps him around the shoulder, smiling comfortingly. “If it makes you feel any better, Sam’s making breakfast.”That… that actually does make Peter feel a lot better. Peter finds himself missing his Aunt everyday, but god, he does not miss her rubbery pancakes. Sam is a blessing.“Can you bully Tony into making us coffee?” Peter asks, words slipping into a whine. It’s so early, the sun only just beginning to rise outside the Tower’s sleek windows, and he still has to trek to his university campus for class later today. Peter and early mornings are not friends.Steve laughs a little, the sound light and fond. “We’ll see.”  Tony is almost as good at brewing coffee as Sam is at making large, home-cooked meals. Living a life of wealth has taught Tony to accept only the best of things—buying coffee beans from obscure little farms in Europe, and learning professional recipes, being taught how to create perfect cups of coffee.Peter is far, far cheaper. His cups of coffee are either near tasteless or ridiculously bitter, a result of living on the cheapest brands or scrapping by on the barest amounts.Steve falls back into an easy fighting stance, hands curled loosely in front of him. Natasha falls into step alongside him.“Coffee and food after,” Steve says. “Three more rounds, then we’re done.”Peter groans, but obeys, falling into step.“It’s so, so early, please be nice,” Peter tries, “and go easy on me?”Natasha smirks, just as Steve lunges forward and Peter rolls into a defensive crouch.“Not a chance,” she says.  “Everything is awful,” Peter announces into the soft silence of the communal kitchen.Sam is sizzling bacon on the stove. Sitting several cupboards over, perched on an empty countertop, is Clint. He’s playing with an orange, throwing it up before catching it.The archer takes in Peter’s put-upon expression, the way he’s rolling his shoulders, rubbing at his sore muscles, and snorts. “They didn’t go easy on you, huh?”Peter throws himself down at the breakfast bar. “No,” he answers. That whiny quality is beginning to creep into his voice again. It makes him sound petulant, somewhat childish, but it always earns Peter smiles from the other Avengers. Peter can see Sam biting back a smile.“Well, I’m training you tomorrow,” Clint says. The orange continues it’s loose arch, up, down, caught and thrown again in expert hands. “I’m going to show you some real moves. Street moves. Be prepared to get your ass kicked.”“One of these days,” Peter begins. “One of these days, I’m going to beat all of you. The whole team! At once! Spider-Man VS the Avengers; it’d be the beat-down of the century.”Clint snorts, and Sam laughs from his place at the stove. “Oh, yeah?” Sam asks.“Yeah,” Peter says. He crosses his arms over his chest. “Just you wait. You and me. Epic beat-down.”Clint throws the orange at him. Peter catches it without blinking.“Just you wait until tomorrow,” Clint says, a thread of challenge in his words but an easy grin spread across his lips.Peter throws the orange back at Cl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
Guilt
So much guilt
Domestic Avengers
mind controlled avengers
Mind Control
team fic
Team as Family
Peter is an Avenger
Sam Is An Avenger
Violence
Panic Attacks
Aftermath of Violence
Recovery
New York City
Protective Avengers
lowkey Spider-Man/New York

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

