Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Fuck,” Barton hears over his comms. It’s the first thing he’s heard in several minutes that isn’t Tony’s constant chatter, which he mostly just tunes out. Pretty much everyone just tunes Tony out, in his experience. It’s easiest on everyone’s blood pressure if they let Tony chatter, and if they also ignore him.
Usually they keep the comms mostly to the business at hand. Cap keeps them moving where they're needed, keeps them updated with current sitreps--Barton assumes that it's the Ghost being his eyes up high, speaking only to Steve as per usual, because it’s certainly not Clint doing it, but he's never thought enough about it to ask. Tony never shuts up, but it does at least make it easy to tell when something's going wrong on his end. Hulk doesn't wear comms but then, he's the Hulk and he apparently doesn't like the way they feel in his ears. He has good eyesight though, and checks in, in his own way. Thor is... Well, he's Thor, yanno? Barton doesn't even know if he wears a comm but he always seems to know what's going on anyway. Fucking gods and their omniscience.
Wanda's off with Strange still, learning to harness her magic. Who knows when she'll be back. And Vision is... as far as Clint was able to tell, Vision is on a vision quest or some shit.
It’s Sam who's speaking now, and Clint can hear the wind behind Sam, keeping him aloft; he'll have to mention the noise to Tony sometime, it makes it hard for Clint to decipher what Sam's saying. He's getting it now though, and it's no bueno.
“Cap’s down,” Sam reports, and there’s a collective silence that screams shit from everyone, even Tony. “Got hit with some weird sparkly purple shit.”
Clint looks for where he last saw Cap, and doesn’t see him. He keeps his eyes peeled. He doesn’t usually keep a close eye on Cap, because he doesn't really need to, because the Ghost does it for him, and he does a far better job at watching Steve’s six than anyone could ask for. It’s part of the reason why they let him on the team, because he kept getting in the way keeping an eye on Steve’s six anyway so why not make him official?
“Aw, Cap, no,” he mutters, under his breath.
“You got eyes on?” Natasha barks. She’s all business, but Clint can hear the worry underneath. She and Cap have gotten really close since all that bullshit in DC. "Does anyone have him? Hawkeye?”
“Negative,” Barton replies. "I got a general area and that's it."
“Soldat?” 
There’s no answer. 
She’s the only one who calls him that. The only one he allows to address him with that term. The Winter Soldier and Natasha seem to have something of an understanding between them. Most of the rest of them avoid talking to him at all; he’s kind of a scary motherfucker. Only Steve seems immune to it, oblivious to it. He always smiles when the Winter Soldier enters the room. Steve calls him Bucky, and smiles at him like sunshine.
“I can go,” Clint speaks up, into the silence.
“We’re kinda busy down here,” Natasha replies. And they are, her and Sam and Tony. (Thor is off-world at the moment, and Bruce hadn’t thought he’d be needed, so neither of them are there.) They’re mopping up the last knot of bad guy idiots, and they’re all doing fine, they don’t need Clint, so it’s safe for him to go after Steve and the Ghost.
He heads down off his rooftop, in the general direction where he’d last seen Cap. He knows he’s close when he starts finding the bodies, neat head shots in all of them, and he draws an arrow, just in case.
It takes him a minute to decipher what he’s seeing, when he goes down the alley. Maybe it’s because of the gun pointed at his face. The very large, very automatic gun pointed at his face. The Ghost had not had that gun visibly on him on the quinjet what the fuck dude where do you keep all this shit? 
What he’s seeing is this: Cap’s on the ground, stretched out, in the Ghost’s lap. His head is thrown back on the Ghost’s shoulder, and the Ghost has his hand on Steve’s throat, his knees on either side of Cap in what Clint would call a protective stance, if it weren’t for the hand at his throat.
Clint makes an abortive step forward at that, but the gun never wavers from its aim directly at his face, and he stops again, because he likes his face with no additional holes. The Ghost isn’t even looking at him. He has his eyes on the man leaning against him, and he’s talking to him, low and urgent, but somehow calm and reassuring all the same. 
Barton stands perfectly still, and between his hearing aids and his lip reading he starts getting what the Ghost is saying to Cap. He’s talking to him, soothing him, reminding him to breathe, jesus he keeps calling him sunshine in Russian for fuck’s sake and this is when Clint starts to realize that according to the Winter Soldier, he’s the threat here. He’s the one intruding, and he has no idea what’s going on.
Cap’s hands are clenched on top of the Winter Soldier’s thighs, and he’s gasping for breath, his chest heaving, and heaving, and heavin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
sick!Steve
getting together the really slow way
Fluff
mostly - Freeform
Pining
Mutual Pining
Oblivious Steve Rogers
POV Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
everything works out
The Author Regrets Nothing
Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

