Work Text:
Little Steve Rogers had not particularly appreciated his Soulmark. In fact, it had given him a bit of a chip on his shoulder.
Big Steve Rogers had just been confused by it. Because, really?
Who called a super-soldier ‘adorable’?
 
 
Darcy was new to the Tower. Well, new-ish. Well, okay, she’d been there for nearly a year, but she’d only just been granted access to the Avengers’ levels.
Which, hey, totally reasonable. Or at least understandable. Yeah, Thor vouched for her, but Thor would have vouched for Loki, too, before he went insane and tried to conquer Earth. So, she could understand why they might not immediately trust his judgement.
Plus, she hadn’t gotten a place at the Tower because of her own awesomeness. Well, she had… but it was more that Jane knew her awesomeness and insisted that she come along, rather than that the Powers That Be (i.e. Pepper Potts and/or Tony Stark… or possibly Captain America… or SHIELD… or—okay, so she wasn’t exactly sure who the Powers That Be were) recognizing it and recruiting her. She got why Jane’s tag-along wasn’t welcomed with open arms into the Inner Circle. Not that she was unwelcome, exactly, just… a little… excluded. 
Or, well, completely ostracized.
It was made very clear to her very early on that she was “unqualified as Dr. Foster’s assistant,” and that they were “just humoring Dr. Foster and Thor” when they allowed her to work in the labs. And when she said that it was ‘made very clear to her?’ Yeah, she meant the jerkface scientist who was Jane’s ‘head assistant’ had said that to her face.
The thing was? Stark had seen it happen, and he’d said nothing. So, yeah, she took it as probably 90% truth. Or, well, 100% truth, but truth that ought to have been left unsaid.
Particularly to the girl who was in charge of the coffee.
Laxatives: juvenile? Probably. Effective? Not immediately, but then, Dr. Jerkface was pretty slow, for a genius. Satisfying? Absolutely.
The pattern of ostracism and laxative-laced retribution went on for about four months before taking a sudden and unexpected turn for the better.
 
 
Darcy walked into Stark’s lab and handed him the cup of coffee he’d asked for (demanded). However, instead of leaving as she usually did, she waited, and watched him drink it.
He noticed her when he was about three-quarters of the way through it. “Lewis? What are you still doing here?”
“You’ve been awake for fifty-two hours; in my experience, things start blowing up around geniuses who Science! after hour sixty.”
“In your vast experience?”
“Yes, in my vast experience. I’ve learned to take precautionary measures, to avoid explosions.”
“What sort of ‘precautionary measures?’”
“I put a sedative in your coffee,” she said bluntly. “It’ll knock you out for about twelve hours, give or take—but not so deeply asleep that you won’t be able to wake up if you have a nightmare. I’m not an idiot, Stark.” 
“And why did you feel the need to drug my coffee?”
“I already told you: explosion prevention.” She paused. “You should be feeling that sedative kick in any time now.” Right on cue, he swayed on his feet. “Come on. Let’s get you into your bed; I don’t want to have to drag your unconscious butt anywhere.”
She pulled his arm across her shoulders, supporting roughly half his weight as they made their way to the elevator.
“You’re gonna be so fired,” he slurred. “Pepper’s gonna fire you so hard.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Come on, into the elevator with you.”
“I’m sorry, Miss Lewis, but you do not have permission to access the upper levels of the Tower.”
“Will it help if I promise to stay in the elevator? I just want to be sure he actually makes it home before he passes out.”
The AI hesitated a moment, then said, “That is acceptable, Miss Lewis.”
“Alright, then. Is Ms. Potts going to want to talk to me tonight, or tomorrow?”
“Tonight, I believe; she is currently in Mr. Stark’s suite, and I have alerted her to the situation.”
When the elevator doors swung open, Pepper Potts was standing there, holding a gun and looking terrifying. When she spoke, her voice was calm. “JARVIS tells me you drugged Tony?”
Darcy did her best to hold up both hands in an ‘I am unarmed’ gesture while still supporting Tony. “Nothing harmful, I promise. Why don’t you get him into bed and then I can explain? I’ll hang out in the elevator—JARVIS will make sure of it.”
“I will indeed, Ms. Potts, Ms. Lewis.”
Ms. Potts nodded her agreement and holstered her gun.
Darcy removed the semi-conscious Tony’s arm from around her shoulders and (gently) pushed him in Ms. Potts’ direction. The elevator doors closed behind Tony, and Darcy sat on the floor.
After a few minutes, JARVIS spoke. “Ms. Lewis, I have been analyzing the coffee you gave to Mr. Stark. None of the common sedatives are present; if I may ask, what did you put in it?”
Darcy grinned. “Never underestimate the power of suggestion, JARVIS.”
The doors opened again, to reveal Ms. Potts. The gun was out again, but it was pointed at the ground. “Explain. Now.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff and Crack
Pranks
Revenge
Coffee
Awesome Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Scientist Wrangler Darcy Lewis
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Kittens
Adorable Steve Rogers
Meet-Cute
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Pepper Potts

