Chapter 1



Notes:
For those of you wondering, no, your eyes aren't misleading you when it comes to some font colors. There's a reason for that, I promise you.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
He’d always been able to see them. He thought it was normal, which was why he never asked his mother or father what it was like to fly or when his wings would finally be strong enough to lift his weight. If he had, his father would just tell him to figure it out for himself and his mother would simply smile vaguely and tell him it would come in time.It wasn’t until he was three and he reached out to touch his father’s wings that he realized he was different. Instead of looking down at him and stretching his wings out to be more accommodating, his father shuddered and pulled back from his touch, wings shifting out of the reach of his small hands. Perplexed but not giving up, he reached out to touch his mother’s, only to receive a similar shudder and resulting in her leaving the room.Tony couldn’t understand. Why didn’t his parents want him to touch their wings?When he asked why, he’d simply received bemused looks and small smiles, his parents commenting on his resourceful imagination. His mother’s wings brushed up against his father’s, feathers going through each other rather than rubbing the way Tony knew they should.If he hadn’t been a genius, Tony might have just marked it off as being a fluke. But since he was, he knew that he was different. After that moment, he began looking and observing, noting that he was the only one capable of seeing these wings. But he was still a toddler, meaning that he didn’t exactly understand was going on even if he was a genius.So he simply watched and paid attention, his own small wings rubbing against each other soothingly as he did his best to pretend that he was normal.


Howard Stark’s wings were a stormy bluish-gray, tapering off to darker colors toward the tips. They spanned about eight feet at full extension, not that he’d ever actually fully extended them. The measurements had been taken by Tony when he was six and tracking his father’s movements around the house. At that age he had already done research into birds and knew that an eight foot wingspan was nowhere large enough to be able to lift a man of Howard’s stature.Maria Stark’s wings were a beautiful downy brown, interspersed with a few black feathers. Her wingspan was six feet and the structures looked extremely delicate. The feathers seemed so soft that Tony thought they would be like a pillow. Not that he could actually tell, considering that after the third time he’d tried to touch her wings and gotten another violent shudder in response he’d never tried again.Tony’s own wings were a beautiful and striking reddish-gold with snowy white tips. The rest of his wings was patterned with red and gold feathers to create a beautiful symmetry. His wings were still maturing, but they were far larger than any of the other children’s wings he had seen. He’d yet to try and fly with them, since after the first time he crashed to the ground almost instantly (he’d been five and in retrospect he knew he should have waited longer).






As the years passed, Tony began to work out the rules of the wings only he could see. He could feel his wings and those of the ones he touched, but no one else could. They didn’t even notice when their wings brushed through each others’, which was quite the contrary for himself. When he touched someone, he could feel something of what they felt. The same happened when someone brushed against his own wings. It was a horrendous violating feeling that made him feel sick and understand just why neither his father nor his mother could stand having him try to touch their wings. It led to him holding his wings close to himself, making sure that they didn’t brush against anything they shouldn’t because even though everyone else’s wings brushed through objects like they were mere shadows, his own wings were solid and could knock things over.Or at least they were solid to him, because no one else could see them, even though they might brush against them and not realize what they had just touched because there was “nothing there”. This solidity was a problem when he couldn’t control how they moved, as he frequently knocked things over and got into trouble because of his “clumsiness.” It led to him working hard on refining his motor control to the point that he didn’t even have to think about shifting his wings out of someone’s or something’s way.The fact that his wings were solid meant that he had to deal with clothes. When he was little it didn’t seem to be much of a problem, but as he grew older it did. Anything that went over his upper body was a problem because of his wings. Logically, he knew that they weren’t actually there, because he’d clearly worn clothes before without any slits cut into them. But his logical mathematical brain insisted that sinc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wingfic
Tony sees wings
Tony Feels
Angst
Romance
Character Study
Soulmates
Fantasy
Virgin Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soul Manifestation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

