Work Text:
A bitter Norse God and some of his magically conjured minions were attacking Manhattan. The Avengers were fighting for their lives. All in all, it was a normal Tuesday. “At your five o’clock, Cap,” Tony warned, dodging a blast of fire from the dragon Loki had created in Times Square. Seriously, a dragon. And Tony had thought Thor was old-fashioned. It was nearly three stories tall, tar black, and glowed faintly with the bright green light that marked all of Loki’s magic. Thor used his hammer to sock the dragon in the jaw, making its head jerk sideways, but it reoriented itself looking angrier than ever. The Hulk appeared again after having been knocked aside a block earlier, and the green monster launched himself at the dragon. He landed a solid punch to its side, making it twist sideways in pain, but the moment Hulk was on the ground, a flick of its thick tail sent him flying into a nearby parked car. Tony had seen Bruce take far worse damage and just come out angrier, but the Hulk was getting smashed more than he was doing any smashing today. Another arrow bounced off one of the large scales and exploded, but the blast left no mark. “How do we kill this thing?” Clint said over the comms, frustrated. The team had been together for a little more than two months, and already worked together smoothly in the field. Despite that, they weren’t making much progress here. “Does anyone have a sword? I’m pretty sure that’s what the knights of old used,” Tony said, dodging another burst of fire and shooting back a repulsor blast. “Widow?”“No, I don’t carry around a sword,” Natasha replied drily after rolling out of the way of the dragon’s thrashing tail. “Well, your weapons just appear out of nowhere,” Tony pointed out. “It was worth asking.”Down on the street, Cap turned in time to deflect a bolt of magic from the God of Mischief, sending it to the side to hit a neon sign on one of the surrounding buildings and charring it. Loki’s spells were never lethal for any of the Avengers, but Tony wasn’t sure that wasn’t from lack of trying, no matter what Thor said.When he saw Cap narrowly dodge another blast and realized that the rest of the Avengers were focusing their attempts on containing the dragon, Tony flew down to give the Boy Scout some help with the god. He landed on the asphalt heavily, cracking the ground beneath him, but the suit absorbed the shock so that he could immediately take the offensive. “Need some help?” Tony asked Steve.
The other man didn’t lose his focus on Loki, but manage to convey his irritation with Tony’s flippancy through his posture alone.  “Hey Loki, maybe you should just call off the attack,” Tony called to the god, using the speakers on the suit to make sure he was heard. “You’re looking a bit tired. Isn’t it time for your nap?”“I’m just getting started,” Loki replied, smirk firmly in place. “Maybe it’s you who needs some rest?” He shot a double-burst of magic from his staff directly at Tony, who dodged the first, but was clipped by the second. The suit took most of the damage, but Loki had managed to knock the breath from Tony. And honestly, Tony really did want to rest. At least, he wanted to go back to his workshop and unwind with a few hours of tinkering and about ten gallons of espresso. They had been steadily fighting for more than an hour, and Tony wasn’t a super-soldier or a demigod like some of his teammates. And this megalomaniac was making that dream far away for Tony. “I could go for hours. If you know what I mean.” He shot out a repulsor blast, making the god duck and retaliate with another beam of magic. “Less chatter,” Cap instructed, using his shield to repel another blast. Though Loki was in just one body this time, he fought like two men, able to divide his attention between the two superheroes without appearing fazed. Tony ignored him. “I don’t see why we have to rearrange all of our plans every time Loki can’t deal with his daddy issues.” Loki caught Steve with a blast that sent him backwards through a shop window. Suddenly, Tony was facing the god alone. “Which, obviously, is always. Seriously, why don’t you just take the rainbow bridge back home and stop being a little brat. You know the only reason we haven’t squashed you yet is because it’d make Thor get those puppy-dog eyes he gets sometimes, and we all hate that. Not that you deserve it.” He dodged a blast, and the follow-up punch to his head. “Sorry, did I press a button? I guess the God of Lies can’t take a little honesty.” “Honesty, Stark? You’re one to talk. You’re all bluster, no truth,” Loki spat. His attention had all centered on Tony now, and the inventor was forced to counter the sudden onslaught of punches, kicks, and magical blasts. “Me, bluster? Maybe you’re mistaking that with me being actually awesome,” Tony countered, though he was starting to hope Cap would recover and break up their fight soon. Loki was practically spitting with rage. “I’m the poster boy for honesty. It’s called tough 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
the one where Tony gets hit with a truth spell
Tony Feels
so many Tony Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

