Work Text:
He shoulda known when Steve was late again, because Steve can never just miss the bus or something, he always has to really go for it.  Like right now, with three big lunks gathered around him too close for Bucky to even see Steve.  He only knows he's there by that goddamn mouth that'll get him killed one day, and sooner rather than later."No, I'm not takin' that back, and you can't make me.""Bet we can.  Bet we can make you squeal, you pansy little bitch."  And it's starting to sound like knives are gonna come out and Bucky's glad he has no honor, because this way he can take advantage of their distraction to scoop up a couple good chucking rocks.  Nice and smooth and hard, and bigger than hen's eggs.  There are a few in every vacant lot if you know where to look, and Bucky knows where to look.  There's some shoving, and a little sound from Steve.  Nothing like a whimper, just a harsh exhale through his nose and Bucky isn't sure if he's more pipped at him or proud of him.  He may not have the sense God gave gravel, but he's one brave little bastard, and he's not gonna make any more noise than that. "Seriously?  You don't have the sense to stay down?"Steve doesn't get a chance for one of his patented Hero Lines, because his very unheroic pal fires those three rocks in rapid succession.  The back of a skull, a cheekbone, and a collarbone.  Not bad, and they're rattled enough to be pretty easy to get rid of.  Too damn easy, and he wants to chase them down and really beat the hell out of them, but Steve is coughing and that's what matters. "How bad did they getcha?""Not too bad."  He coughs again, wincing and holding his ribs. "Few hard shoves, one good gutshot.""You are such an idiot."  He puts an arm around Steve and hustles him home.  It's not much, but it's theirs.  There are two beds but the landlady is deaf as a post, so they mostly just use Bucky's.  Now he scoops Steve up as soon as the door is locked behind them, and lays him out nice and gentle.  Over his objections and general griping, Bucky gets him undressed and gets his various scrapes cleaned and bandaged.  It really isn't too bad this time, but it doesn't fucking matter because Steve is delicate and precious and his.  No one should fucking lay a hand on him.  He leans down and kisses Steve's forehead once everything is squared away, and Steve sighs, wrapping those skinny arms around Bucky and holding on tight."My hero," he whispers, and it's full of love for Bucky and hate for himself and it's more than Bucky can bear so he kisses him silent."You're damn right I'm your hero," he growls against Steve's mouth, and presses soft kisses to each cut and bruise, shivering.  Steve never believes him, but Bucky loves his body.  Well, except for all the ways it tries to kill him, they could do without that.  But the dainty wrists and the tiny frame that balls up into just the right size to cuddle and that fragile, thin-boned chest are all perfect.  Steve whimpers and lets Bucky kiss each beautiful part of him, sharp bones and delicate skin.  He shudders, nuzzling at Steve's belly, kissing the concavity below his ribs and trying not to whimper.  He's never gonna actually tell Steve he worships him because that's corny and blasphemous anyway, but he does.  He feels that blaze inside that real churchy people talk about sometimes, that sense of right and destiny.  Steve is his, and he is Steve's.  Maybe the last part is a little less obvious, but there's nothing he wouldn't do for the kid.  Nothing.  Right now he settles for tugging Steve's shorts off (and they need mending again, of course) and mouthing over his hipbone,so prominent and sharp.  He'd say there's not a spare ounce on Steve, but he's pretty sure Steve doesn't even reach his full ounce allotment to start with."B-bucky...""Yes?"  He murmurs, grinning as Steve's cock stirs against his cheek.  Steve can't always get it up because he can't always spare the blood, but he's usually interested.  Now he blushes and squirms, spreading his legs a little and looking away.  Bucky chuckles, ranging over him and nuzzling his ear to make him jump and shiver.  On meaner days he makes Steve say it, but now he just wriggles out of his clothes and gets their Vaseline from the drawer.  It works well and they have about a million legitimate medical reasons to have it around anyway, but this is of course their favorite use for it.  Steve whimpers at the first delicate touch at his hole, and struggles to spread wider, panting.  Bucky shivers and carefully works his finger in, no teasing because winding Steve up too much can trigger an asthma attack. As it is he lets out his breathless little cry and bucks his hips, legs wrapping around Bucky, who shudders and keeps working him open until Steve slaps his shoulder in exasperation, growling for Bucky to just do it already."And this is me trying not to tease."  He grins, lining himself up against Steve.  He can't help glancing down, because it always looks insa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky adores tiny Steve
Bucky Feels
lovers in a dangerous time
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Fist Fights
Protective Bucky Barnes
1930s
Hurt/Comfort
Carrying
Size Difference
Bottom Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

