Work Text:
There was this woman.It was dark in the room, and Steve didn't know how he got into these situations, he really didn't, but he could hear the reception still going on outside. Tony was throwing the party, it was his mansion, it had been a really nice party until now -- and so he thought about that, because she was kissing him and of course kissing was nice in the abstract, but he didn't even know her name (Laura, maybe?) and she tasted like shrimp or something from the little appetizer things at the party and it --It was unpleasant, but Steve didn't really know how to extract himself from this, not politely anyway. He didn't know how, couldn't back away from her hand on his thigh or her other hand on his shirt-collar because he was up against a wall. She was crumpling his nice shirt and her lipstick was smearing on his cheek when he turned his head, but she giggled and licked and Steve concentrated on the noise of the party and just sort of took it.   After all, as they always said, worse things happened in war.Her hand slid up and Steve tried to twist away again --With blinding intensity the lights flashed on, which startled him (sudden light, sudden noises, unless he was in uniform they startled him) and there was someone in the doorway.Tony Stark whistled sharply, like summoning a dog, and said, "Okay kids, break it up."Steve's chest heaved with relief, even as his face heated with embarrassment, and the woman just leaned back and said, "Jealous, playboy?""Nuh-uh, teeny-bopper, I'm not playing games here," Tony said, coming into the room. "You've had your seven in heaven, run back to your little friends and tell them you made out with Captain America -- " even as he was talking he was deftly untangling them, hauling the woman away by the shoulder, and Steve couldn't do anything but stare, " -- and then tell them Avenger boys are off-limits from now on. Go on, shoo," he added, and surprisingly, with a little blown kiss at Steve, she shoo'd.  "Look at you," Tony said, as the door shut behind her. He dug a handkerchief out of his suit and began cleaning lipstick off Steve's cheek, studying the color as it rubbed onto the fabric. "Hm, Passion Red. Kids these days have no imagination. Hold still," he added, dabbing the last of it away and straightening the crumple in Steve's collar. "You okay?""Huh?" Steve asked."Focus, superhero," Tony said, snapping in front of his eyes. "You okay?""Yeah, sure, I -- " Steve swallowed. "Who wouldn't want to kiss a pretty gal like that?"   Tony just lifted his eyebrow. "Sit," he ordered, gesturing to the couch. He went to the bar -- even random uninhabited rooms in Stark Mansion had bars, it was very upscale -- and poured out two glasses of neat vodka. He put one in Steve's hand and settled in the chair across from him, leaning back like he owned the world (he basically did), one leg slung carelessly over the other. Steve never felt comfortable in suits, especially tuxedos; Tony wore them like he was born to do it.And then Steve would remember who Tony's father had been, and realize that Tony was born to do it."Take a few minutes," Tony said. "I'd apologize for the interruption but I don't think it was unwelcome.""How did you know?" Steve asked, looking down at the glass. He didn't like neat vodka; it couldn't get him drunk, and it tasted awful, so there wasn't really any point to it."JARVIS," Tony said. "He monitors all public areas. He registered elevated heartbeat and muscle tension. I suppose that could be a sign of someone having a good time, but JARVIS has enough auxiliary data on what someone having a good time looks like, versus someone getting ready to fight-or-flight. He tipped me off. He doesn't like to intervene directly; the disembodied voice creeps people out."Steve considered this."Thank you, JARVIS," he said, looking up, because as many times as Tony told him JARVIS was the house, Steve liked to think of him as a very polite man in the ceiling. It helped normalize it."Pleased to help, Captain Rogers," JARVIS replied."What I don't get is how you let some kid half your size drag you in here in the first place -- ""She said she wanted to talk -- "Tony didn't stop talking when other people did; he just talked over or around them, and Steve had come to realize it wasn't rude. It was just that Tony could talk and think and listen all at once and assumed everyone else could too. After two or three months you did get the hang of it." -- and why you didn't just shove her off and tell her to go back to the party, and wanting to talk is so worn out I figured even you'd know that one," Tony finished, while Steve was still protesting.Steve looked down at his drink again. Tony silent was way more unnerving than Tony talking."I didn't want to hurt her," he said. "I'm..." he gestured at his body. He loved this body that Tony's father and Dr. Erskine had given him, and he reveled in the strength that let him finally, finally stand up to all the bullies in the world a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mildly Dubious Consent
First Time
Coming Out

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

