Work Text:




Tony fought against the mask as someone pressed it against his face, arms lashing out in an effort to open some room around him so he could move.  He brought his knee up, ignoring the surge of pain that lanced its way across his abdomen. Pain was only important enough to let him know he was still alive -- otherwise it didn’t matter, didn’t mean anything else.  The grunt of pain he heard as his knee connected with soft tissue, however, was important.  He twisted, unable to prevent a harsh cry at the searing pain the movement caused, and kicked out in the general vicinity of where his knee had connected.  Hands came down on his shoulders and hips, pinning him down and he thrashed against them, bucking up to loosen their hold, twisted and shifted, anything to keep them from restraining him, making him helpless.There were voices calling above him, but it was gibberish. When the garbled shouts fully penetrated the haze of panic, he could feel the adrenaline flooding him, shooting along his muscles, fortifying him, strengthening him and he wasted no time in using the newfound energy.  Bucking hard into a shimmying twist, he dislodged several grasping hands, freeing his arm and legs.  He could feel something tear deep in his side and belly and he gritted his teeth against it as he snapped his elbow out, connecting with something sharp and hard that gave under the force with a crack.  Nose, the thought swirled away with his brief vicious triumph into the searing pain that clawed its way across him, reaching up under his ribs and shooting down across his hip as he twisted sharply again, getting his hip under him and rolling onto his stomach.  He shoved up with his forearms, grunting as hands reached for him, gripping, and he jabbed back with his elbow before dragging his knees under him.  His vision went white for a moment, an aftershock of pain, and he howled as he raised himself to his knees, twisting and snapping his arms, fists and elbows out wherever he could.  The adrenaline, while still flowing strong, was allowing the smaller details in and he could feel something warm and wet make its way over his hip and down his thigh, searing fire through his guts, licking up his side, and he could feel how cold the rest of him was getting.  The faint smell of mold from wet cavernous rock drifted past his panic, inciting him further and he worked to get his leg out from under him so he could get to his feet.  He needed to find a better stance to fight from.  While his knees were better than his back, it didn’t afford him the mobility he needed and he needed to make some room for him to move, to keep the hands off of him – to get free.He jerked his head back, feeling a presence too close behind him, and his head connected with what he hoped was someone’s face; by the way his head rang with it, it seemed as though he had.  He shrugged off the fingers that slid to grip his shoulder, instead turning into it like Natasha had taught him and snapping his elbow around for more damage.  He twisted on his knees, dragging a foot around, bracing it in place and feeling it wobble in weakness.  His breath quickened even more, rubbing his throat raw as he tried to firm up his leg, increasing panic making him sloppy as he twisted again, limbs flailing out, knocking grasping hands away from him.  Warm, smooth fingers slid along his jaw, sliding into his goatee and grasping his chin, yanking his head back.  A small prick in his neck, almost not enough to be noticeable, and he threw an elbow back, gritting his teeth as it jarred the pain into a flash, searing further up his chest, wrapping around the reactor and stealing his breath.  His limbs then turned heavy and he struggled for breath, fought against the iron grip on his jaw, the iron band that slid up from under his arm to curl over his shoulder, struggled against the other hands gripping his legs and feet.His lungs felt like there was water in them and he gurgled, gasping against the pressure.  He struggled to raise his hands, but they were numb and cold and easily pinned by heavy hands. He bucked and twisted, raising his hips and twisting against the hold on his jaw and shoulder, and gave a broken cry as he felt something tear further, deep in his side.  Collapsing against the hold on him, he gasped through the pain as the numbness in his limbs inexorably crept closer toward his heart.  He closed his eyes, the heavy smell of wet mold enveloping him, fingers touching sand and flinched away, kicked his feet sluggishly, lethargy settling dark and heavy on him.  He couldn’t stop fighting though and he curled his fingers against the sand when he felt the warm, gentle puffs of air against his cheek.“Shh, shh, Tony, it's okay, shh.”  The fingers gripping his chin loosened and began stroking softly through his goatee.  His breath shuddered sharply and his whole body twitched against the hands holding him down.  He felt hands brush at his chest, something cold being pressed aga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Torture
Flashbacks
canon-level torture
PTSD
canon-level violence
Surgery
Howard is a dick
Cap-Iron Man Big Bang
art!

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

