Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Within three days of returning to his prison cell, Loki had processed his feelings of anger, and betrayal, as well as relief that he had not been punished further, to arrive at pure boredom. As punishment for impersonating Odin, he had been stripped of his magical powers, while in the cell and disallowed many of his finer items. Thor had seen fit to only supply him with a handful of his books. In his old room, one entire wall had been filled, from floor to ceiling, with various tomes, of every genre available. He had even purloined a dozen obscure texts from the midguard realm.He now sat at the base of his bed, throwing the book that he had been reading across the room, in a petulant rage. No one was there to see it. He was the sole occupant of the dungeons and the guards had obviously been told, by Thor, to not even look at him. So far, they had kept to that order. Bar one, that was. Every so often, this younger Asgardian would cast a timid look in his direction. When this occurred, Loki would deliberately smile back. This one would be very easily influenced. However, there was no rush. The hunt was always far more thrilling than the actual capture.A loud bang caught his attention, as the outer door, leading to the dungeons, opened. He stood up and smoothed his hands on his leggings, a mischievous grin gracing his lips.“And what joyous countenance greets me this morning? Ah... Captain Grimace,” he said, to the curly-haired, always sour faced guard that came into view. “And Sleipnir Face,” he nodded at the second guard, walking, straight-backed, just behind the first. He was about to address the third, younger guard, when a familiar face came into view.“Tie his hands,” the warrior ordered the guards.As the defensive shield was lowered, and they came into the cell, Loki lengthened his spine, placing his hands before himself. He admitted to enough intrigue as to why this particular Asgardian was there, to play along with his demands... for now.“And what brings you into my less-than lovely abode, Fandral?” He asked, feeling the chains, that were being locked around his wrists, already start to chafe.Fandral nodded at the three guards. The defensive shield momentarily went down, then came up again, as the three departed, to stand just outside the cell.“You impress me, Loki,” Fandral said. “You have committed a heinous crime, and yet you don't suffer punishment, not even from the very one you committed the crime against. Must be very fortunate, indeed, being Odin's so-called son.”“It has its advantages. And yes, I agree. I am very impressive.”“You were willing to continue with your little charade, weren’t you? Right up until Thor finally put a stop to you, you weren't going to stop?”“Is there a particular reason why you are here? As scintillating as it always is to talk to someone of your... intellect.”“This is what I don't understand. Why someone of your... standing would think yourself as superior than the rest of us.”Something in his tone made Loki bristle.“I was king!”“And yet the royal blood doesn't run in your veins,” he paused. “I know who your true father is.”Loki felt all of the blood drain from his face.“It means nothing! I was brought up to be king. I am more deserving than that dolt Thor ever was! And you...” He laughed. “Even if I wasn't of royal lineage, I would still be superior to your pathetic, useless excuse for a warrior. I recall the time you made an ill-advised attempt to kiss me. And I recall the cute little frog that I turned you into. Such lovely croaks.”Now it was Fandral's face that changed colour, to deepest red. “You honestly believe that you... the Frost Giant...are not the lowest form of life, in the nine realms?”Fandral suddenly grabbed him by the shoulders and pushed him down, onto the bed behind him, clambering on top of him.“Get off me!” Loki said. “You pathetic warrior! How dare you even deign to touch me with those grubby hands of yours.”“You are nothing, Loki,” Fandral suddenly grabbed the long tunic that Loki was wearing and pulled, tearing the fabric open.“You are not worthy to look at me!” Loki struggled to throw the stronger, heavier warrior off himself. “I said get off me! Guards!”Oh, they won't come,” Fandral said, tearing more of Loki's shirt, the flesh of his chest now fully exposed. “No one will come, Loki. No one cares for a Frost giant who has betrayed the kingdom.”“Get off me, you pathetic fool!” Loki shouted again, pushing at Fandral's chest, with his cuffed hands It was as though he was hitting the might of Thor's hammer, itself. Fandral didn't even flinch. He pulled his hand back and smacked Loki hard across the mouth, then again, before grabbing Loki's hands and using one hand to hold them over his head, while the other grabbed his leggings and undergarments, pulling them off his body in one sharp movement and throwing them aside.“You deserve to be punished. And I know a way that will be certain to cease that ridiculous pride of your
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Gang Rape
Victim Blaming
Angst
Violence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki Angst
Loki Needs a Hug
Thor: The Dark World Spoilers
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Sexual Assault
Rape Recovery
Medical Trauma
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Stark Angst
Suicide
Protective Thor
Poor Loki
Canonical Character Death
Doctor Strange (2016) Spoilers
Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Awkward Sexual Situations
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

