Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve settles on the bed, dropping his tablet in his lap as he gets comfortable. He checks the time for the third time in ten minutes, quickly counting forward to Bucky’s timezone. As it had been the last time, it’s still a little early for their call, and Steve makes an impatient noise, shifting just a little. He switches to camera mode, making sure only his head and the top of his chest were visible just in case Bucky isn’t alone, then opens skype. He hesitates for a moment, then rolls his eyes at himself, hitting the little call option next to Bucky’s icon.                 Bucky picks up almost immediately, his face filling the screen, grin in place. God, it has been less than a week, but Steve aches to get his fingers in Bucky’s damp hair, press his lips to one rough cheek.                 “Hi baby.” Steve doesn’t even try to conceal the shiver that runs through him at Bucky’s words, and Bucky’s grin grows. “You’re early.”                 Bucky steps away from the camera, away from his laptop, and Steve hums softly as tanned skin comes into view. Bucky drops his towel, reaching for his sleep pants, and Steve murmurs, “You’re naked.”                 “You’re early,” repeats Bucky with a grin, arching his back just a little before pulling his pants on.                 “Only like, five minutes,” Steve protests, and Bucky snorts.                 “Five minutes and I woulda been dressed Stevie.” Bucky grabs the laptop as he spoke, the view on Steve’s screen twisting and shaking until Bucky’s finished settling himself on the bed. He sprawls on his side, sets the laptop down, and raises his eyebrows, waiting for Steve’s gaze to return from his chest.                 Steve doesn’t even pretend to be embarrassed, slowly raking his eyes up Bucky’s chest to his face as he retorts, “Didn’t say it was a bad thing.”                 Bucky rolls his eyes, and Steve slides the tablet down just a little in his lap, smiling just a little before brushing his fingers over the screen. “I miss you,” he says plainly, watches as Bucky’s expression softens.                 “Miss you too baby doll.”                 Steve squirms at the endearment. He couldn’t help it, not really, and Bucky’s eyes darken, visible even through the shitty webcams. “Do you just miss me,” Bucky drawls, and Steve realises this is his opening, his chance to show off for Bucky just a little. “Or do you miss something else too?”                 “I’ve had a little bit of help on that front,” Steve says with a little smile, and Bucky freezes.                 “Who?” Bucky hisses, eyes narrowing as he tips forward slightly, leaning into the camera. It isn’t anger, but there is a definite warning in his tone.                 The absolute possessiveness in that single word had Steve biting his lip, shifting the tablet out of his lap and up, until it rested on one crooked knee. “Not a who,” he says immediately, not wanting Bucky to think that, even for a second. “More of a … what.”                 Bucky settles at that, leaning back again before raising an eyebrow. “Show me.” It isn’t a request, and Steve knows it.                 “Show you, or show you,” Steve clarifies with a hum, letting the tablet tilt just a little, show a little bit more of his chest. He watches Bucky’s eyes flick down, linger for a moment before they met Steve’s again.                 “The first. We’ll see about the second after.”                 Steve dips his chin in a small nod, and flushes slightly when Bucky’s eyebrows raise in a silent go on then.                 “Day after you left,” Steve starts, voice quiet, breathy. “I went lookin’. Didn’t know how long you were gonna be away Buck.” Bucky nods slightly at this, and Steve hears fabric shift on the other side of the call, but he doesn’t mention it. Not when he’s got Bucky’s undivided attention, dark eyes focused on him from the other side of the damned world. “Did you know they had entire sections of those stores just for things that vibrate?” Bucky’s breath hitches at that, and Steve drops his chin, looks up at Bucky through his eyelashes like he knows his Bucky likes. “S’not as big as you. Doesn’t feel as good as you, but it feels good.”                 “Show. Me.” Bucky growls, and fuck Steve can’t resist that even on his best days. He slides a hand up his chest, curls his fingers around his throat lightly, just like Bucky would if he were there. Not squeezing, just holding for a moment. Steve hears Bucky groan, blinks his eyes open slowly, smiles faintly at the pure look of want on Bucky’s face. A part of him wants to keep it there, just to see how long it’d take for Bucky to take over, but another part of him is loath to disobey, not when they’ve been, are still, apart. So he drops his hand, and Bucky’s eyes follow it, widening slightly when he realises Steve’s going for something next to him, not in their drawer.                 “You have something in mind when you called me baby?” drawls Bucky, eyes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
shit where do i start
Skype Sex
Dom/sub
sub!Steve
Dom!Bucky
bottom!Steve
Top!Bucky
vibrating dildos
Sex Toys
Possessive Behavior
oral sex on a toy
mild feminisation
(bucky calls steve's pecs tits)
Nipple Play
Fingering
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Prostate Massage
Subspace
an interesting form of aftercare given bucky's not in the country but aftercare is there
Steve's Pov
sub pov
Present Tense
sam wilson is mentioned
Big Dick Barnes
Metal Arm Kink
mild erotic asphyxiation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Rimming
part two is less d/s and more welcome home sex with a bit of kink
Mild Breathplay
Aftercare
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

