Work Text:
Thor's kisses are deceptively gentle as he brushes his lips over the side of Loki's neck. Loki shivers a little as Thor's beard tickles him just underneath his ear. Thor's whiskers are longer than usual, softening as he grows out his stubble and Loki loves the feeling of it. He's sitting on Thor's lap, his back pressed to Thor's chest. They are on the large, lush sofa in Thor's living room, a movie quietly playing on the TV in front of them; a comfortable, soft blanket is thrown over them both to keep them warm. From the outside, if might seem they are having a cosy little romantic evening – if a bit frisky, with the way Loki's slighter frame is clearly wriggling on top of Thor's bulkier one. It couldn't be further from the truth. Loki is naked – but then again, he always is in Thor's company – his legs are thrown wide as he can't help but roll his hips, trying to get some relief and, more importantly, hoping he will finally push Thor to do more. Despite the fact that he's been feeling Thor's erection through the fabric of Thor's sweatpants at the small of his back for a long time now, Thor is showing no signs of wanting to hurry up. He is toying with Loki's nipples and they are raw and chaffed after the not-so-gentle treatment of the past hour, which does nothing to stop the spikes of need travelling down Loki's spine and right into his crotch. Thor has figured out a while ago just how aroused Loki can get from getting his nipples stimulated and he hasn't stopped tormenting Loki with this knowledge ever since. But there's very little that Thor does by halves, so this is not enough for him. A plug, a thing of beauty really, is lodged deep inside Loki's slicked ass, vibrating and pulsing in random patterns that are driving Loki wild. The way Thor holds him, shifting him and pulling him the way he wants him, keeps the vibrating pressure on his prostate and Loki thinks if this doesn't stop soon he might just scream. He would be hard, if he could be. 
 A week. A whole week. Paid in gold, of course. Thor was impressively diplomatic when he told Loki what he wanted, holding the odd looking device in his hand. He would like Loki to wear it, he said. Of course he would be paying for every hour, every day that Loki wore as though they were together. Loki could say no, if he had any engagements that would prevent him from wearing it, but it was all or nothing. No taking it off on the side. Loki made a quick calculation in his head then and bit his tongue. Fuck. If he said yes... even if he were to blow off all the side “engagements”, he would be getting enough money to reach his goal. There was no way he was saying no. He didn't really consider how taxing it would be. The little cage that Thor almost reverently closed around his soft cock was impossible to forget, mildly uncomfortable at first and then simply maddening. It turned out that until he was deprived of the possibility, he wasn't appreciating just how often he got to come, whether by his own hand, for fun or on camera, or by someone else's. 
 “Thor,” Loki whines when Thor gives his nipple a particularly harsh pinch. Thor's hand sneaks down to fondle him then; Loki can feel the warmth of Thor's fingers through the gaps between the slim metal bars. It's even worse now – like release is within reach, but not coming. Not yet. “You want out of this, baby?” Thor breathes quietly into his ear and Loki squirms in his grasp until Thor grabs him hard with one hand on Loki's hip and the other arm winded around Loki's chest. “Yes, I do,” Loki whines, playing it up just a little bit. Not that he really needs to... he knows that in reality he is exactly as desperate as Thor wants him to be. “Are you gonna work for it?” Thor chuckles, his fingers stopping their teasing of Loki's constrained cock and slipping down towards the plug. He pushes at the flat base and Loki shuts his eyes, a genuine long moan escaping him. “You know I will, daddy.” Thor laughs into his neck and nuzzles at his cheek until Loki turns his head and they kiss, wet and messy. Thor has eased up his hold on him and is instead petting Loki all over, sliding his palms over every inch of skin he can find. “What do you want me to do?” Loki prompts. He is starting to feel a little short of breath and his legs are trembling. He needs the blasted cage off. The plug, too, is starting to become too much, but he suspects it would not be a problem if he could actually bring himself off. “Impatient,” Thor tuts at him and Loki throws his head back, eyes closed, onto Thor's shoulder. “You'd be too if you had to wear this thing,” he grumbles without thinking. Thor's hands slow and stop their motions and Loki opens his eyes, looking up at Thor. It's almost impossible to see his expression from his angle, but Loki doesn't really need to see it to know he's very much off the “script”. His time with Thor is always enjoyable and pays excellently, but then again, Loki has never done anything to displease Thor and, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Prostitution
Sugar Daddy
Daddy Kink
Size Kink
Size Difference
Large Cock
Chastity Device
Sex Toys
Anal Plug
Prostate Milking
Coming Untouched
Nipple Play
Rough Sex

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

