Work Text:

Be online Friday at 8 o’clock.
Darcy had been reading and re-reading that text message for a solid week. Thinking about what Clint and Natasha had in store for her distracted her to the point of burning at least three meals on the stove, being late for work two days in a row, and nearly taking out a cow-shaped mailbox that very morning. The fact that she had survived the week without being consumed by her own dirty thoughts combined with her incredible clumsiness was a miracle. Since they had been so kind as to send her a little care package to use that night, Darcy picked up a new outfit to wear for them.Each second felt agonizingly long as Darcy waited for the clock on her laptop to turn over to eight o’clock. The nervous, quivery feeling that had settled in her stomach earlier that day was to the point where her body practically vibrated with excitement. The drink she had finished off a few minutes ago was doing very little to take the edge off. She replayed the last time they had seen each other in person in her mind and grinned. It was still the best sex she had ever had in her entire sexual history and was going to be hard for any future partners to top. Darcy jumped when she heard the call notification on Skype and scrambled to click on the green answer button on the screen. Something about the low pitch of both of their voices always turned her thoughts to mush in the span of a second. On more than one occasion, she suggested they get into recording audiobooks or at least recording a few smutty ones for her to listen to before bed. So far, she hadn’t had much luck with that.“Did you open the package we sent?” Natasha asked.Darcy eyed with interest the silicone dildo perched on her nightstand that bore a pretty striking resemblance to Clint’s dick. “I did,” she said and picked up the container of water-based lubricant that had also been in the package, along with a pair of jeweled nipple clamps. “You know I have my own lube, right?”“Just in case you didn’t have the right type for that material. I didn’t want it degrading on you,” Natasha explained.“That was very thoughtful of you. So how are we doing this tonight? Do I get to see you guys?”This time Clint spoke. “No, we want to watch you play with your new toys. Is that okay?”“Def-definitely,” Darcy replied, her voice catching in the back of her throat.With a click of a button, Darcy saw the green light of her webcam turn on and a small square with her face in the corner of the screen appeared. Both of her distant partners hummed with approval. A blush crept up her cheeks.“That’s better,” Natasha said. “Show us what you’re wearing.”Darcy stood and carefully shifted her laptop so they would be able to see her as she stepped backward. Her back brushed against the bedroom door when she could see herself fully in the tiny window on her monitor. Though her heart was pounding in her chest, she felt a rush of wetness between her thighs. Damn, she thought, I look good. Feeling a little more sure of herself, Darcy ran her hands down the black lace overlay of the merrywidow and its matching panties as she swayed her hips. She watched herself in the camera playback and bit her lip playfully, knowing that Clint and Natasha were watching her every move.“You better bring that outfit with you when you come see us,” Clint told her. “The stockings too.”“And nothing else?” she quipped and turned around, pulling her long hair up to show off the corset-like detailing on the back. Darcy heard the grunt of approval from Clint, and she glanced over her shoulder to grin at the camera. She returned to the bed, settling herself in and eagerly awaiting what they would tell her to do. It was frustrating not being able to see their faces.“If I were there, I’d run my hand over the patch of skin above your stockings before I got my fingers inside your panties,” she told Darcy, her husky voice making Darcy squeeze her thighs together. “I bet they’re already soaked through, aren’t they?”Darcy let out a shuddering breath. “Yeah.”“Good.”It was hard not to give into the urge to touch herself. The sound of their voices and the idea that they were turned on just by watching her weren’t making it any easier. Out of the corner of her eye, Darcy could see the toy sitting on her nightstand and her body ached to have it inside of her. Though they had not worked out any terms, Darcy wanted them to tell her what to do. One thing was certain - she wouldn’t need that lube. Unless... her mind wandered and she felt herself blush even deeper at the ideas it conjured up.“What are you thinking about?” Natasha asked, undoubtedly noticing the look on Darcy’s face.“Just wondering what you guys are gonna do to me tonight.”“Wondering or hoping?”Darcy huffed out a laugh. “Little of both, I guess.”“Pull down your panties and let us see you,” Natasha demanded.Darcy felt her breath catch in her throat and she gave a little nod before slipping the clinging lace from her body. The material caught midt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Dirty Talk
Skype
Phone Sex
Webcam Sex
Masturbation
Sex Toys
Mentioned Double Penetration
Threesome - F/F/M
Dildos
Nipple Clamps
Community: kink_bingo
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

