Work Text:
-----Tony peered into the gym. The constant *thump* caused by fists against punching bags were absent, as well as the *clang* of exercise equipment. He figured as much, since Bucky, Steve, and Natasha were off in some undisclosed country (that he would hack into SHIELD's servers and find out later), doing badass spy stuff and toppling governments or whatever. Clint usually stuck to the archery range at SHIELD if Natasha was absent, because she was his main sparring partner. And Thor was off-planet saving space alongside the Warrior's Three (who really knew how to fight/party, and he didn't know which they were better at). And Bruce? Well, Bruce didn't really hit the gym anyway. Convinced that the vast gym was empty, Tony made his way over to the sparring mats. He had to admit, they weren't as ideal as his specialty mats back at his Malibu gym, but he never really went there anymore. It felt too...empty. And he couldn't exactly uproot the current mats in Avengers Tower without people raising some questions. He didn't want anyone asking questions. Because what he did? It wasn't a skill. It was more of a...hobby. That was close. He had done it briefly as a child, before his father had so eloquently stated that he thought the sport was for weaklings and that the future inheritor of Stark Industries wouldn't be caught dead doing something so effeminate. Now, he didn't think it was effeminate. He knew that it took raw power and strength combined with agility and flexibility, and that it was a challenge for either gender. That wasn't why he kept it a secret. He kept it a secret because he didn't want it to become a tool. He enjoyed it. Loved it, even. Whenever he was down or stressed, he could clear his mind and just focus on the feeling of it. It was like flying, but flying had become a tool; something he couldn't just enjoy anymore. There was always an undercurrent of somewhere to go or something to do. So he kept it a secret. Tony Stark enjoyed gymnastics. He really did love it. And he had to admit, it made balancing the suit, pulling off aerial acrobatics, and performing the miniscule adjustments needed to keep his flight path straight easier. People assumed that if a regular person, especially the 'soft, squishy, entitled human' that was Tony Stark could do it, it must be easy. And it wasn't. Even Rhodey, an accomplished airman, had looked at him in shock after his first few flights and admitted that flying was really, really damn hard. No one really thought it through. If pilots have to be on their top game while they flew an airplane, imagine having all of those controls and more in front of your face, and using your whole body instead of just your hands. And having the time and money to build an army of suits, because you needed to fit the suit to their height and weight; there was no one size fits all. Yeah. Hammer missed a few variables when he thought up that plan. But anyway. He always started rambling whenever he thought of that idiotic asshole Justin Hammer. So he cleared his head, snapped his fingers at JARVIS, and let 'Thunderstruck' play as he stretched.-----Clint Barton was asleep in the vent near the gym when music started up in the gym. It snatched him from his slumber, and he glared. He knew that half of his team was gone, and that the only buttmunch that played that shit was Stark. But he avoided the gym like the plague, laughing about how he didn't need to build up muscle mass, because his most important muscle weighed five to ten pounds and was above his neck. So besides the occasional spar that his boyfriends yanked him into, Stark didn't frequent the gym. Curiosity peaked, he maneuvered his way to the vent by the gym, peering down through various grates until he found Stark. What he found left him amazed and extremely amused.-----Tony stretched and pulled, enjoying the pleasant burn. He had been hunched over his workshop table for hours, and it left him stiff. A warm shower afterwards would do him well. He always began with his regular reps first: sit-ups, push-ups, pull-ups, etc. He was grateful for the lack of a hunk of metal (no matter how advanced) in his sternum, but there was nothing they could really do about the lung capacity and such. So he had to rely on old-fashioned exercise to help with that. He didn't want to become too bulky, because that would mean readjusting the measurements of all of his suits. Not that he couldn't do that, but still. That would take a lot of time. So he didn't aim to earn a Steve and/or Bucky-level build (if that was even possible). He just wanted to be trim enough to be considered muscular and healthy. Afterwards, humming absently to the music (he couldn't play it when he worked out with others in the Tower; it would draw attention), he began to actually stretch. Bucky always commented on how flexible he was in bed, and he would brush it off as a joke, but he really did work to maintain it. As a matter of fact, he often frequented a yoga cla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
crackish
Humor
Tony is flexible
But the boys don't know
until they do

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

