Work Text:
It was a sunny, crisp morning in early autumn, the day they found out about Clint. Steve was at the kitchen bar, drinking one of Tony's horrifying smoothies and taunting Tony about the smoothie not having enough raw eggs in it; Natasha was peeling an apple with an obscenely large and sharp knife, and Bruce was "just trying to make some oatmeal, leave me out of this", when Clint and Bucky came in from a morning run. Bucky looked invigorated; Clint looked like he might be dying."What the hell happened to you?" Sam asked, entering the kitchen just in time to see Clint collapse next to Steve and grope blindly for his smoothie. Steve gently edged the smoothie out of his reach."I went jogging with a monster," Clint said."I don't know what he's talking about," Bucky said. He reached for Steve's smoothie, and Steve lifted it away just in time, shooting him a dirty look. "It was a nice run.""You have to be kinder to the normals," Steve told him."Normals?" Natasha asked, eyebrow raised."Well, it seemed nicer than baselines, which is what Tony calls you guys when he thinks I can't read his notes," Steve remarked. Every head turned to Tony."It's a scientific term," Tony said. "It applies to me as well, despite my above-baseline good looks. Clint, you want a smoothie?""Yes, please," Clint said into the counter."Kale?""Ughhhhh probably.""Raw eggs?""No, I'm not a masochist.""Jogging with the Terminator indicates otherwise," Tony said, but he set about chopping up fruit and dishing out yogurt into the blender jar."I should know better," Clint agreed. "Ohhh, I'm too old for this.""You're my age," Steve said.Clint turned his head to one side. "Well, a, no I'm not, and b, I'm not a super soldier.""Then stop trying to keep up with them," Tony advised. "That's why I have boots with rockets on them.""Rollerskates," Natasha coughed."You act like I have shame about that," Tony said, without looking at her. "Anyway, you can complain when you're my age."Clint sat up. "I am your age."Sam, who was angling for some of Bruce's oatmeal, turned to frown at him. "You...are not Tony's age.""Actually I think I'm a few months older," Clint said."Bullshit," Tony said. "But thank you for the compliment.""I can't help it if I have good genes," Clint said. "I was born in 1974."Silence settled over the kitchen. Even Natasha stopped slicing apple slivers with her knife."No you weren't," Tony said finally."How do you know?" Clint asked."Because I was born in 1975 and if I, with every advantage at my disposal, look that much older than you, I might actually cry.""I always thought you looked young for your age, like, on TV and stuff," Sam said. "I assumed a lot of Botox.""Thank...you?" Tony managed. Natasha was still staring at Clint."Look, you can check my birth certificate, you can check with SHIELD. 1974," Clint said. "I mean, yeah, last few years it's started to get a little weird, but..." he shrugged. "It's not my job to explain it.""Nobody on this Earth thinks you're pushing thirty, let alone forty," Bruce said. Sam gave him a starving-puppy look, and he rolled his eyes and dished out two bowls, spooning brown sugar into one. Sam took the other one and dumped half a jar of jam into it. "You don't think it's....unnatural?""Not really," Clint said. "I mean, it could have been something I ate."Bucky looked thoughtful. "That actually might explain it.""How does something I ate explain this?" Tony asked, looking increasingly upset."He eats...everything," Natasha said."What could you have eaten that would explain it?" Bruce asked."Floor pizza," Bucky said, face solemn."That was one time -- ""One time that Bucky saw," Natasha said. "I've seen you do it. I've seen you eat floor pizza in Bulgaria.""I've seen him eat floor pizza in space," Tony said. "Floor pizza doesn't explain Bram Stoker's Hawkeye over there.""Well, it's not like he stops at pizza," Bruce said. "Remember when we were in that alternate dimension and you ate the purple thing?""Oh man," Clint said dreamily. "The purple thing. That was so good.""Yeah, but that was two months ago," Sam pointed out. "He's been....youthful and loud, for lack of better descriptors, ever since he's been on the team.""Well, if a man can't be loud at the age of forty, when can he?" Clint asked. "Huh. What did I eat. Floor pizza....floor hamburger...possible cookie from floor...""Wait, was the cookie possibly from the floor or was it only possibly a cookie?" Bruce asked."It was definitely from the floor, possibly a cookie," Clint said. Sam raised his eyebrows. "It tasted like peanuts!""I think we can just assume the rest of the from-the-floors," Sam said."Yeah, let's move on to possibly-of-alien-origin," Bruce agreed."You're suspiciously interested in this," Tony told him. Bruce gave him a blank look."Well, I mean. Pizza, possibly of alien origin," Clint began ticking foods off on his fingers. "Hamburger, definitely of alien origin.""Oh, you didn't eat one of the Skrull cows, did you?" Steve asked, worri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (background)

freeform: 
Super Soldier Serum
Surprise Fatherhood
Parent-Child Relationship
Clint Barton-centric
Science
terrible nazi science experiments
Kidnapping sort of

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (background)

