Work Text:
When Wade and Peter fight, it’s like a whirlwind of emotion and energy that’s trapped and ready to burst. Normal banter is relatively tame in comparison to actual fights where dishes are occasionally thrown, doors rattle on their hinges when they’re slammed shut, and at least one of their throats have gone raw from screaming.
Sometimes it’s over stupid things—something Wade did or more often didn’t do—but the worst are when Wade is the one seething quietly because Peter pushed a little too far and exploded because Wade can’t just keep forcing him out when he’s already dug his heels in this deep.
But more often than not, it ends in sex, if that’s what it can still be called with mutual slamming against walls and furniture. And while they’re not actually trying to kill each other, there’s still that wild spark in their eyes, something crazed about the way they kiss like they’re trying to bite at each other’s mouths more than anything.
Wade has him against the mattress, tearing at his clothes while Peter cards his fingers through the blonde locks, both of them moving like there’s nothing but adrenaline coursing through their veins. He’s pretty sure that something is torn in the process, but Peter doesn’t have time to register it because Wade has them both stripped of the rest of their clothing and has begun to mouth at his throat.
Peter still feels mad, but it was one of those fights like a flash fire that blew up quickly in a combustion of fury and words, but he can’t remember what those words are right now. Not with Wade’s teeth sharp at his collar, sucking dark hues down his neck like he’s mapping out his claim. So he’s mad, something acidic and burning coiling in his stomach that he just wants to manifest physically.
The brunette scrapes his nails down the scars of his back, feeling a certain sense of pleasure from the hiss that follows, even if it does earn him a rough bite that must have drawn blood by the way Wade’s tongue follows the double crescent.
“Fucker,” he hears mumbled against his skin.
And Peter knows Wade is going to fuck him and he wants that. If anything, he rolls his hips and tries to draw him to the edge, to finally give in and just hurry up because he had no patience right now. But instead he’s met with Wade pushing his hips back down and a wicked grin that actually elicits a shudder from the younger.
“What,” Peter says, less of a question and more of a demand.
Wade looks like he’s not telling him something, a devious expression on his face that’s both frightening and more attractive than it should be. He moves so that he’s straddling Peter’s hips, shifting his weight heavy on his waist which makes Peter snort like it would actually make a difference when it comes to keeping him down. But he’s reaching for something that must have been in their clothes.
“Wade,” Peter starts, eyes widening because no. Wade tosses a bottle of half empty lube at him and doesn’t even try to hide the gun in his other hand.
The worst part is that Peter knows that Wade isn’t planning on shooting him.
“What was that?” Wade asks, voice husky and low and something obscene, back to looming over Peter like he’s some kind of prey that he’s caught. Peter inhales a long moment, taking in the musk and hint of gunpowder as he tries to remind himself that Wade isn’t going to shoot him and he’s not actually trapped. One flip and Peter can be gone.
He still doesn’t find himself trying to push him off, even as Wade is trailing the barrel of the pistol—and fuck that’s his Desert Eagle and Peter knows that’s his favorite—along his lips. The metal is cool and too much like a caress of hard lips against his, like he not flicking his tongue out to meet the potential for death.
“Suck,” Wade says, pressing the gun further against his lips until Peter opens his mouth and tastes the metal. He watches Wade, eyes low and his heart is thudding as he tries not to think about what he’s doing. How he’s sucking down the barrel of the gun like it’s Wade’s cock, wrapping his lips around it and letting his tongue slowly trace the edges in the design.
He hears Wade curse under his breath and he knows he’s enjoying this. Something about all the anger from the fight before is fueling this, like he’s able to take Wade apart by playing into whatever this is—because he is, really. Wade looks like he’s getting wrecked from watching Peter do obscene things to his gun with his tongue.
Peter sucks the gun into his mouth a little more, although that still isn’t much considering it’s already making his jaw sore and the uneven edges bite against his mouth. It’s harder to work with, but he tries just to get that reaction from Wade like he’s forgotten all of his shame and self preservation at the door. Fighting does that occasionally.
He feels Wade pushing his legs apart but keeps his focus on the gun in his mouth, which isn’t hard to do considering he’s still contemplating whether the safety is actually on. Wade wouldn’t actually be stupid enough 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Gunplay
Gun Kink
Gift Fic

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

