Work Text:
"You know, I wouldn't think Howard would want to go to Coney Island," Jan said in the car that morning. It was one of a pair of cars traveling to the beach; Jarvis was in the lead car with Howard, Maria, and Tony, who was sulking about having to ride with his parents, while the following car held Steve, Sam, Jan, and Natasha, with Bucky at the wheel. "He doesn't seem the type," Sam agreed. "I don't know, he liked a good time every now and then when I knew him," Steve said, still looking out the window. If Steve was in a car, you could pretty much guarantee you didn't have his full attention; he spent most of his time looking at the world, drinking it in. Bucky could tell he was trying to settle this new world over his own memories. It was something Bucky'd had to do too, when he was coming back from the Soldier, though not to the same extent. "Yeah, but not a boardwalk," Jan said. "And anyway when you knew him he was...well, Dad says he was sowing a lot of wild oats.""He could have run a farm," Bucky confirmed, and Sam laughed. "No, he -- it seems weird, sure," he said, "but he likes the arcade." "They still have arcades?" Steve asked, voice turning hopeful. "Sure," Bucky said. "Where'd you think they'd go?""Oh, I don't know, everything's so different...I thought what with television and all, people might not want to play games anymore," Steve said."Way to bring down the mood," Sam said, after a few seconds of silence. Bucky caught Steve looking hangdog in the mirror, but then Sam grabbed him with an arm around his neck and grinned. "I'll get you a roll of quarters for the games." "Howard'll probably go through a few," Bucky said. "He plays 'em all and then usually sweet-talks whoever's working the arcade into letting him have a look at the busted ones." "Well, Howard always was a curious fella," Steve said. "Do they still have the roller coasters?""Sure," Jan said. She glanced at Natasha, who was keeping quiet but clearly not missing a second. "You ever seen a roller coaster?"Natasha nodded. "In film strips. We learned everything about American culture.""Why?" Sam asked."In case we were assigned here," Natasha said, as if that made perfect sense. "I'm probably not the only Red Room agent in New York, you know." "Ex-Red Room," Jan corrected. Natasha gave her a small, almost shy smile as they bumped into a parking lot. The roar of the roller-coaster swooped overhead, and the smell of frying food was strong in the air. Tony bounded back to the car before they were even out, banging on the roof and calling "Come on, we're burning daylight!""No surprise what other Starks love Coney Island," Steve said with a dry grin, nudging Tony backwards with the door. He climbed out and leaned back in to offer a hand to help Jan out. Sam tried to do the same for Natasha, but she was out smoothly before he could complete the gesture. She looked at him, blinked, and then took his hand anyway. "Now, children," Maria said, resplendent in a white sundress and huge sunglasses, makeup impeccable. "We expect you all to comport yourselves with a reasonable amount of dignity, but I doubt very much any society photographers will bother with any of you, so don't be too well-behaved," she said, with an indulgent smile. She handed Tony a fold of cash from her pocketbook and adjusted her extravagant sun-hat delicately. "Anthony, your father will be disassembling things in the arcade, I'm sure.""I'll bring you lunch," Howard said, bending over her shoulder to kiss her on the cheek before hurrying off. Maria made a long-suffering face, then patted Tony on the cheek. "I'm off to find a beach chair and look fabulous. Do check in after lunch. Jan, Sam, I expect you to look after Natasha. Tony, Bucky -- ""Cap duty," Tony said with a grin. "Go, Mom, we'll be fine. I think if he handled Nazi Germany he can handle a Saturday at Coney Island." "Excellent. Jarvis?" Maria said, and let Jarvis guide her off towards the beach. "Okay," Tony said, clapping his hands and rubbing them together. "Comrade, I owe you a hot dog, you want it for breakfast?""No," Natasha said, looking appalled."Fine, your loss. Fairway games, roller coasters, sunbathing, or should we just walk down the promenade and look beautiful?" Tony asked. "No, you're right, we can do that regardless.""Roller coasters," Steve said softly, looking up at them with a hand shading his eyes. "The Cyclone," he added reverently. Bucky gave Tony a grin. "Captain's choice. You three coming?" he asked Jan. "I think it would do Natasha a world of good," Jan said firmly. ***"I remember coming here with you as kids," Bucky said, a few hours later, as they were being gently but firmly escorted away from the midway games. "I don't remember you being a damn menace, Steve.""I've always been a menace," Steve said serenely. He was carrying an enormous stuffed robot made of silver fabric and sequins. "I just never had the muscle to back it up before.""You destroyed those games," Tony said cheerfully.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - 1970s
Family
Amusement Parks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

