Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was raining the day Charles Xavier met his future self.Charles had woken up to the soft patter of rainfall outside his window. After blinking the last remnants of sleep from his eyes, he allowed himself a moment of melancholy, his mood shifting into something matching the weather that had descended upon Westchester sometime during the night. Charles made a concentrated daily effort not to dwell on the past, both for him and for the small family he’d amassed at the manor, but in that moment, the sounds of the falling rain tapped out the losses mapped across Charles’ heart in sharp, staccato beats. Grief. Sadness. Regret. Raven. Erik.Blinking back the sudden moisture that threatened to spill from his eyes, Charles tossed aside his blankets and reached for his chair. Everything about his life post-Cuba was different, even the simple act of getting out of bed. As he went through his morning routine, the movements no longer quite as alien and uncomfortable as they had once been, he allowed his mind to wander. It was in these private moments behind his own closed doors that Charles indulged in what-ifs and could’ve beens. What if he had tried harder to understand Raven? Stood in her shoes, used his own unique sense of empathy and understanding on the one person who had been like a sister to him, the only real family he’d ever had? What if things had been different that day on the beach? What if Erik had stayed?In these moments, Charles imagined himself believing Erik when he said they wanted the same things. Erik took off the helmet, cradled Charles in his arms and kissed him, a kiss filled with unyielding devotion and promises of the future. Raven was there, squeezing his hand, and if he closed his eyes, Charles could almost smell the salt of the water as it lapped against the shore. If he closed his eyes, he could believe that somewhere, somehow, these were the choices they had made that day.Charles found Hank alone in the kitchen once he had finally readied himself to face the day, the aroma of pancakes and bacon wafting pleasantly through the room. Charles figured it was only a matter of time before the scent reached Alex and Sean upstairs and woke them from their usual deep sleep.“Good morning, Professor,” Hank greeted with an easy smile as he flipped a pancake. Even though Raven was gone, the nicknames had stuck. Charles hadn’t been part of that, but the rest of them had, and he suspected that it was their way of coping with their own losses, holding on to something bright and unifying in the face of sudden confusion and betrayal.“Good morning, Hank,” Charles replied, reaching for the newspaper Hank had lain out on the table. He thumbed through the pages, setting the crossword aside for later. He browsed a few stories on various unrelated topics: Winston Churchill granted honorary American citizenship in Washington, a group of teenagers gone missing up north in Vermont, a nuclear sub lost in the waters of the Atlantic. Charles frowned slightly, wondering if the men on board had known about mutants, if the Brotherhood had --No. Charles wouldn’t think of that. What Erik and Raven and their allies did was none of Charles’ business. Not right now. Charles couldn’t deny the painful inevitability that one day he would have to face Erik and Raven as adversaries, but he was resolved to keep that day as far in the future as he possibly could.“Charles?” Hank asked. His head was titled faintly to the side as he studied Charles, brow furrowed in slight concern. Charles smiled in apology and set the paper down. “Forgive me, Hank. What were you saying?”“I was just telling you that I think the new Cerebro is almost ready for a test run.”Charles smiled, easy and natural, something that was admittedly rarer these days than he would like to admit. “Excellent! Well done, Hank.”Hank grinned bashfully, scratching the back of his neck. “I’m hoping that the improvements I made will expand your reach even further than the original model could. We’ve all been bouncing around some ideas about what we can teach the first wave of mutants that come to the school. Sean feels very strongly about inundating young mutant minds with his favorite comic books, but I didn’t think you’d find that to be terribly relevant to the curriculum. Sean argued that Captain America is always relevant but, well,” and Hank shrugged, baffled expression on his face.For maybe the first time since Cuba, Charles felt a genuine sense of contented warmth spread slowly through him, settling comfortably in his chest next to the earlier sadness of the morning, which quietly dissipated away.*Charles had barely had a chance to appreciate all that he felt and all that it meant to be connected to Cerebro, connected to so many mutants, so many beautifully unique minds, when a familiar presence nearby pulled all of his focus.Raven.There was a distinct absence of matter near her. It wasn’t the naturalness that came from unoccupied spaces as he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Crossover
Romance
Drama
Action/Adventure
Canon Disabled Character
Fix-It

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

