Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Take this palm, follow the lines here are writtenAnd script out the rest of your life...
Loki carefully turned another page and listened. Thor was still there, standing on the doorway, his breathing loud in the quiet room, but he hadn’t moved or tried to interrupt his brother's reading, unlike he usually did.Loki wondered how long he could keep his brother there, but curiosity got the better of him.“Don’t just stand there, come in and have a seat,” he said without looking up from his book.“Thank you, brother.” Thor let himself fall on a chair and gave an uninterested look at his brother’s room. “I have just been talking to mother.”“Ah.” Loki looked up at last. Yes, the sleeves of Thor’s second-best tunic were irreparably wrinkled around the cuffs, as always that he twisted them around his fingers while listening to things he didn’t want to listen. “What did she say?”Thor didn’t answer immediately. He gnawed on his bottom lip, tapped his fingers on his knee and pretended to be interested on a tapestry which had hung above the fireplace for at least three hundred years.Now Loki was definitely intrigued.“Well?” he demanded. “What was it?”“She wants me to marry Sif,” Thor blurted out, looking profoundly unhappy.Loki stared at his brother.“Is that it?”“Why, you think it’s a small matter?!” asked Thor sullenly.“Well, yes.” Loki shrugged. “You are going to end up marrying her anyway.”Thor gave him a disbelieving look. Loki raised an eyebrow, looked down at his brother’s left wrist (covered by a leather vambrace), then looked up again.Thor blushed and looked away.“You aren’t supposed to know those things, brother,” he grumbled.Loki shrugged; as if it’d been hard to spot the way Thor had of looking at Sif, or how he fidgeted with his vambraces when talking to her. It had been no more difficult than guessing the reason behind Sif’s increased belligerence when Thor was watching her spar. Sentiment. He wrinkled his nose and turned to his upset brother again.“Don’t you want to marry her?” he asked instead.“Of course I do.” Thor looked down, looking like a sad puppy; that look might work with Frigga, but Loki fancied himself impervious to it. “Just… not yet.”Loki snorted inelegantly and didn’t bother to cover his smirk when Thor turned to glare at him.“Did you tell that to mother?” he asked, sitting back to better enjoy his brother’s discomfort.Thor glared at him. Loki sniggered.“Maybe you should have,” he said helpfully. “It’s known that she gave father many years to sow his wild oats before they got married.”“You shouldn’t listen to women’s gossip, brother,” Thor said -all affronted dignity-, standing up; he hesitated on his way to the door. “Surely mother will wait until I am made king, don’t you think?”‘If,’ thought Loki savagely. ‘If you are made king, you big oaf, not when’. But his thoughts had the taste of defeat, and he smiled instead.“Not even mother could get Sif to marry you right away,” he said. “Not until she has beheaded a frost giant to decorate her bride trunk and skinned a bilgesnipe for the bed covers, I should think.”Thor’s lips twitched in a smile.“You better grow to love Sif, brother. Sooner or later she will be your sister too, and you must welcome her into the family as I will welcome whoever has their name etched on your wrist.”Loki managed a weak smile, but it didn’t matter, because Thor was leaving anyway, his shoulders looser, his posture more at ease.Once the door had closed behind his brother and he was alone, Loki looked down at his wrist, covered by a soft black leather vambrace; he didn’t need to loosen it to know what was underneath.Nothing. A perfect stretch of flawless, unmarked skin.He remembered going to Frigga, little more than a toddler, and asking about the leather bracelet he’d been forbidden to take off, even though it rubbed his delicate skin raw; his mother had smoothed a herbal ointment over the reddened skin, wrapped a silk bandage around his wrist, and then fastened the bracelet again, over Loki’s tearful protests.“You must always wear it, and never take it off where someone can see,” she told him, carrying him out into her garden; Loki had stopped crying at the sight of the flowers.“But why?”Frigga had sat down with him on the edge of a fountain, and told him the story of how, long ago, a magician, after a long life lived alone with his magic, had come to regret his solitude, and had turned all his knowledge to make sure that everyone else in the world would know that there was someone out there for them. “But why don't I have anything?” Loki had asked, looking at his bandaged wrist and the hateful bracelet.Frigga was silent for a long time.“I don't know, little one,” she answered at last, pulling him onto her lap to hug him close. “I don't know.”***By the time he was twelve, it became obvious that the writing in Steve's wrist wasn't going to become any clearer.Steve agonised over it for many nights before showing it to Bucky one day after schoo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Internalised Racism
Soulmates
Fantastic Racism
Canon-Typical Violence
Soulmate-Identifying Marks

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

