Chapter 1: Shifters
    




Chapter Text
Shifters were rare and tended towards pack dynamics, banding together to stay safe. The Avengers were no different. Phil Coulson was all human, essentially their handler, but the others were not. Clint became a huge golden eagle the size of the baby elephant, talons like knives and wings spanning almost twelve feet. Bruce turned into the Hulk. Bucky became a huge grey wolf, Steve an oversized grizzly bear, and Natasha became an elegant polar bear. No one knew what Tony was because the genius refused to shift. He never explained why he was so against shifting but they all knew it was because of his past. At some point someone had caused enough damage to scare him into being human always. A lot of speculation went in to what Tony was in animal form but it wasn’t until they were all captured and forced into their shifted forms that anyone saw.Compared to everyone else, Tony was tiny. Backed into the corner of the cell, staring with wide eyes, he looked downright adorable. His pale yellow fur with small black spots puffed out to make him appear him appear larger than he was and even then he was only marginally bigger than a house cat.“Tony, calm down,” ordered Steve, grateful that shifters understood each other in animal form. “We aren’t going to hurt you.”Tony hissed at him and backed even further up, his striped tail flicking back and forth in irritation and fear.Bucky – true to his ‘act now, question later’ form – walked up while Tony was focused on Steve and dragged Tony out of the corner by the scruff of his neck.“Thank goodness you’re not a fish,” said Clint. “Natasha, you owe me fifty bucks.”Oddly enough that comment seemed to relax Tony for some reason. Perhaps it was Clint totally accepting who Tony was or the way that everyone else was in their animal forms. He had been around the others while they were in their animal forms, they never pressured him into shifting and now that he was forced into it, they seemed strangely accommodating. Or maybe it was that fact that he was significantly smaller than all of them.“What type of cat are you?” asked Steve, circling around to guard the door while Bucky curled around Tony, forcing him to stay put.“I’m a serval cat,” snapped Tony, large ears flicking.“That makes so much sense!” said Clint, flapping his wings in excitement. “Serval’s are both wild and tame! That’s awesome!”Tony grumbled but flinched violently when the door slammed open, cowering into Bucky’s side. The other Avengers tensed, eying the threat while forming a protective circle around Bucky and Tony.“All so big and fierce,” commented their captor. “Well, except Stark, he’s just a cat.”Steve growled, though it was no use – humans couldn’t understand shifters in their animal forms. A tranculizer was fired through the door, swiftly followed by others that found their marks, putting all but Tony down for the count.“Now Stark,” said the man, lifting up a frozen Tony by the scruff of his neck. “Let’s have some fun.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Protective Avengers
Avengers Family
Kidnapping
Alternate Universe - Shapeshifters
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
None
