Work Text:
Gamma 3, Astral Era 2134 
Universal Calendar
Space wasn't cold.Steve had just enough time to realize that as the failing airlock blew, forcing him out into the void without a suit or a prayer to save him. Training had drilled in to him that he had ten seconds from exposure to unconsciousness, but it wouldn't be enough. It wasn't cold and it wasn't warm, it was just a bath of pure nothing as his senses shut down one by one. Convulsions wracked him, curling him in on himself as muscles knotted together. He felt blood vessels constrict, skin tightening, lungs collapsing in on themselves. Blood squeezed out of him in tiny red drops, oozing from his eyes, his nose, his very pores.The fighter craft he'd been piloting headed for the white-young star that loomed to Steve's left, loaded with its payload of explosives. It would explode nearly harmlessly, far from the thickly populated colonies it had been aimed for.His last sight was the green flare of another craft's propulsion systems as it sped on past in the other direction, headed for the colony-cluster. Then, darkness.

UC Alpha 6, AE 2416

HERO OF THE CONTINUITY WARS: ALIVE?
While investigating the remains of the Planet Tiua, a team of researchers in the Altari Solar System discovered the preserved body of Captain Steven Rogers.
Captain Rogers had been reported MIA in AE 2134 after the Battle of Tiua, where guerrilla colonial forces had gathered to strike the Triathlon System in a battle that, historians say, would certainly have caused the tides of the war to tilt in favor of the colonial rebels. Reports from the time say he manually steered the colonial weapon toward colony, taking out the threat at the cost of his own life. Thanks to the Captain's sacrifice, the Empire went on to win the war.
The team were recovering artifacts from the last great war when they found the Captain floating in the debris. An anonymous source from within the Hub unit told reporters that the Captain appeared to have suffered from explosive decompression without protective gear. When attempts were made to hydrate the body in order to prove his identity with DNA, the scientists in charge found that the cells, once hydrated, were fully functional. Unofficial speculation is that this is a result of the genetic enhancements Captain Rogers is believed to have undergone as the only surviving test subject for Single-Generation Elastic Genome Therapy, which was banned in AE 2135 after a test subject escaped captivity and was responsible for the death of the Eirn Matrioshka. Sources believe that with the advantages of modern cryogenics and the Captain's peculiar DNA enhancements they may be able to revive him fully.
Tony sprawled out on his stomach on his bunk sunlight streaming through the window to warm his back as he reread every word for the sixth time, breath held so tightly that his skin cycled from red to blue to purple and back before he let it out. When he'd first seen it, he'd taken time to make an actual printout of the article so he could keep it with him, and the datasheet had gone soft and wrinkled from handling.He knew it all, of course. Captain Rogers had been the hero of his favorite intervids when he'd been little, and the only topic he ever cared enough about to get an Outstanding on in Interstellar History. His mother even said that she'd played some of the old voice records of the Captain when he and Greg had been in the incubator, thinking that they might be a good influence. He'd cried when he'd found out the Captain had died three hundred years before, that he'd never get to meet him and thank him for saving Altari, where his mother's great-grandparents had been gestated just a few years after the end of the wars.Now there he was, sixteen and finding out that maybe he'd get to after all. Stark Industries led the galaxy in tech, and the Captain was being kept at the Hub, where Howard worked most days. Maybe he'd be willing to meet the youngest son of the man whose work revived him. Maybe he'd even shake his hand. Tony's cheeks turned purple again just thinking about it."Tony!" The door panel hissed open as his mother leaned in. She rolled her eyes when she saw his coloring. "That is the worst decision you ever made," she chided. "Worse than the wetwiring; at least that's useful. You look like a colonial.""Mother—" "Hush. Take your suppressant, your father will be here soon to pick you up, and I don't want him telling the Adjudicator that I'm letting you run wild. Next thing I know, you'll be running around naked." "It's just a little mod," Tony whined, but obediently he reached for his packet of suppressants. He didn't want to take the chance that the Adjudicator would decide he was better off with Howard. Not that he hated the man, but he loved his mother too much to risk leaving her alone. "It's not like I added fangs or fur or something.""For which I'm grateful every day of both our lives," Maria folded her arms under her breasts, leaning against the doo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Science Fiction
Space Pirates
Artificial Intelligence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

