Work Text:
One morning Tony wakes up to a single red flower on the pillow next to his head. At first he's only nonplussed, but then he asks JARVIS how it got there and who put it there. JARVIS says, with uncharacteristic hesitation his voice, "I couldn't say, sir."Right.Tony takes the flower down to his lab and performs a number of tests on it, but apart from some traces of magic too faint to be anything but echoes of transportation, there is nothing. It's just a simple flower. "A wild lily, Lilium Philadelphicum," as JARVIS informs him.Thus, Tony remains nonplussed about the whole thing, but puts it quickly out of his mind. Until the day he wakes up with a knife on his pillow.So, unlike the flower, the knife is a lot less subtle. It's also clearly Viking, with these endless Norse knots engraved all over the handle, sheath and at the stem of the blade. Again there are only faint traces of magic on it, but really. It's pretty obvious what this means and who it's from."So, Thor," Tony says casually over breakfast. "Your brother is threatening me. Any idea why?"Thor drops his bagel, eyes wide. "Loki? What is Loki doing?""Well I woke up today with a knife on my pillow," Tony relays.That seems to confuse Thor. "A knife? What kind?"So Tony goes to get the knife and shows it to Thor. Natasha seems pretty interested as well, leaning in when Tony hands it over, but it's probably less the connection to Loki and more the fact that it's a blade.Thor's eyes widen when he sees the knife and sheath. He pulls the blade out and turns it under the light of the lamp. "This," he says slowly, "is a seax my brother forged himself." He sheaths it again and hands it back to Tony. "It is not a threat, it's a wooing gift."Clint and Bruce both choke on their food and start to cough. Unperturbed, Thor raises his voice to be heard about the noise they're making, "Have you, by any chance, received a flower as well?""Well, yeah, actually." Tony calls up a photo of the wild lily on his tablet and shows it to Thor."A lily," Thor says with a nod. "As I had thought. My brother is proposing a partnership."Clint starts howling with laughter. The following ten minutes are filled with gentle and not-so-gentle ribbing; a lot of comments about Tony's playboy ways coming back to haunt him are made. Tony rolls his eyes a lot and gives as good as he gets, but is still grateful when Natasha, growing bored with it all, changes topics.Some time later Tony finally has some time for himself. He puts the knife on a free space (hard to come by) in his lab and the wilted flower he miraculously had found (forgotten to throw away yet, rather) next to it. Thoughtfully he ponders Thor's words; a partnership, he had said. When they'd done the dishes together (there being a schedule, Tony doesn't do that sort of thing out of his own free will) Tony had asked again and apparently one can read the intentions of the courter by the type of flower. A lily means partnership; the part where his is a wild lily is an acknowledgement of Tony's nature, though Thor couldn't say what exactly that means. Tony had JARVIS google to try to find out more but there is an abundance of contradicting information out there about the meanings of flowers and apparently the Vikings didn't do courtship at all, so Tony is stunted where research is concerned. The only way to find out more is clearly Thor, but Tony is not going to do that in front of the others – their reaction this morning had been enough for him, he's not going to provoke more of that.Instead he catches Thor alone some time in the afternoon. "So, Thor," he asks, leaning against the wall. Thor is lifting weights – he had taken to the work-out room like fire to oil, and Tony had had to adapt all the machines to his superior strength. "About this wooing thing."Thor grins at him widely, looking as if he isn't stemming five times his own body weight. "Of course, my friend! I must say, my brother makes a fine mate."Tony's eyes widen involuntarily. "Uh, Thor, buddy, you really can't say it like that. It sounds like you tested it out yourself.""I do not understand." Thor frowns in confusion.Yeah, no, Tony is not going to go into detail. He waves it off. "It's not important. What I wanted to ask is, what exactly is Loki proposing here?""I do not know," Thor replies. "I did not discuss this with him." Probably primarily because Loki doesn't really talk to Thor, but neither of them mentions that. "You should ask him yourself.""Uh, yeah, how? He didn't exactly leave me his number or anything."Thor frowns. "This changes the courtship. I had not considered it before, I did not formally court my beloved Jane." He stops lifting weights and sits up.Tony takes a seat on a bench next to him. "What changes it, that he didn't leave me his number?" Do they have mobile phones in Asgard?"No, the possibility of you talking through the mobile device," Thor says. "It is traditional that during courtship, the potential couple may not see each other unti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Courtship
Slow Build
Wooing
Dating
First Date
Resolved Sexual Tension

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

