Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Everything smelled like strawberries. Steve wasn’t exactly sure why that was. He hadn’t been eating strawberries before bed, and for that matter, they were in bed, weren’t they? Why did it smell like food? They weren’t anywhere near the kitchen.Was it shampoo? Maybe it was Tony’s shampoo. But that wasn’t right either, because now that he thought about it, the smell might not have been strawberries at all. Some kind of berries perhaps, because there was a fruity finish to the scent in the air, but he couldn’t for the life of him name what it was.Wait… something was familiar again. Now it sort of smelled a little bit like that air freshener Clint loved to spray all over the couch whenever he thought the air was getting to stale; he sure loved that air freshener. Steve had never been able to figure out what it was that Clint liked about it so much. Frankly, he had found it a tad sickening and he always had to leave the room whenever Clint started spraying it all over the place. Super senses, especially his sense of smell, didn’t like being assaulted by things so strong and he had never been able to get the taste of the stuff out of his mouth after he breathed it in, even if he gargled with mouthwash. It was always there, cloying and heady no matter what flavor he used to chase it away.That was it! Air freshener! It had to be air freshener! But who would have sprayed air freshener in their bedroom? Tony was always complaining about the chemicals they put in that stuff, claiming that the aerosol cans caused cancer or something like that. Steve hadn’t put much thought into it, but he trusted Tony’s judgement, so he supposed that the whole cancer thing might be true. Tony was a genius after all.Something was wrong.The berry smell was going away, and being replaced by something that smelled… antiseptic.Cold.Mechanical.Wrong.That wasn’t right at all. Now everything smelled like tech, and they didn’t have any technology in their bedroom – he hadn’t let Tony drag any of his machinery in because it was their bedroom for Pete’s sake, not a workshop. Bedrooms were supposed to be calming places to get some sleep and to maybe snuggle in for a while. They weren’t supposed to be places where welding happened at three in the morning. No one liked to wake up to the sound and smell of welding; not even Tony, who practically lived through welding.Something was definitely wrong.White light burned its way into Steve’s brain even though he had his eyes tightly shut; or at least, he was pretty sure he had his eyes tightly shut. He could see blobs of red and white on the backs of his eyelids, everything becoming unpleasant and hazy when it had been nothing but sweet darkness before. His thoughts were mangled temporarily as he tried to fight through the pain when the light burned brighter. Steve tried to squint; he wanted to rub his eyes to clear his vision, and then stilled, hearing an odd sound from somewhere up above him.Wait… they didn’t have anything up above their bed except for Jarvis’s speakers, and those were hidden in the ceiling panels. They didn’t make noises like this; aside from hearing Jarvis’ dulcet tones through them, those speakers only played music, and on the rare occasion those silly fake news programs that Tony liked to listen to before bed. Tony always offered to keep the volume turned down low because he knew how much Steve disliked waking up to the sound of someone talking in his ear. He was sweet that way.So where was the noise coming from?It might have been a voice, maybe a machine, and it was unbearably loud; for the first few precious seconds after regaining consciousness, he was terrified that he might go completely deaf. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t get the sounds to stop or at least quiet down; not that he could move of course. Two other sounds kicked in, making their own fuss as if annoyed that they had been left out of the party. He flinched as another sound started up, an incessant beeping noise that blasted out from the space just to the right of his head. Every sound combined together now, a cacophony of unintelligible noises creating a symphony of agony, all being performed for Steve’s displeasure. The combination was overwhelming, like he was standing right in front of the stage when a band trying to get in tune, warming up together while all playing different shrill notes.Boom.Hiss.Creak.Beep. Beep. Beep.Hiss.Boom.Steve tried to cover his ears; his arms felt like they were being weighted down with sandbags, and wouldn’t move. His eyelids felt a little like they had been cemented shut. How was it possible for a person’s eyelids to get so heavy? He would have frowned had he not been so damned tired.His lip must have twitched, because all of a sudden he heard something move.“Sir! I think he’s waking up!” someone bellowed from above him. Steve didn’t recognize the voice; he couldn’t see anything except for the insides of his eyelids either and that view wasn’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Small! Steve
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Verbal Abuse
Sexual Harassment
Loki Does What He Wants
Lady Loki
Howard Stark is a jackass
Internalized Homophobia
Forced Feminization
Tiny! Tony
World Change
Coma
Angst
Dark Humor
Learning experience
Binge Drinking
Anger
Are Steve's memories real?
Second Chances
What if scenario - if Steve never became Captain America
coming to terms with sexuality
otherworldly creatures
discussions about rape

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

