Work Text:
This sort of thing was exactly the reason that Tony kept Starkpads in pretty much every room and just left all of his work on the servers. Well, he hadn’t planned this sort of thing, really, but it still stood. He was going to make Pepper eat her words about excessiveness later. As he settled in against the door, the designs for the quinjet engine in front of him, Tony rapped lightly on the door. “How’s it going out there, Steve?” he asked, amusement practically dripping from his words.
He heard a sigh and the gentle bump of someone leaning their head against the door. “You really don’t have to mock me about this, Tony,” Steve commented, disapproving. “I know, logically, that this is ridiculous. That doesn’t stop it from happening. You’ve got to stay in there until it’s safe.” There was a pause, during which Tony pictured a scowl on Steve’s face. “I know you’re safe in there.”
“Oh, sure,” Tony agreed. “Got everything I need. Some work to do, a bed for a nap, a bathroom. Bedroom’s a good place to trap someone in.” He heard a groan, but continued. “Did you think the food thing through? I mean, I’ve got a few things of dried fruit, but that’s about it. And from the sound of it, this is going to go on a while.”
He waited so long for a response that he almost kept going. But then, there it was. “I didn’t think of that,” the captain replied, clearly very disappointed in himself.
“Yeah, I thought so.” He considered a modification that he had traced out in the early morning and tossed it into the trash; too bulky. “If I promise to stay right here and not open the door at all, think you could get us food and stuff for the next few days?”
Tony could hear a shifting noise on the other side, like the captain couldn’t sit still. “It’s not going to be that bad for days,” he insisted, grumbling. “I’m sure by tomorrow I’ll let you out, Tony.”
He grinned to himself. “Oh, sure, Cap. Because all newly bonded alphas will sit outside their omega’s door with a weapon. That’s totally the norm.” Seriously, he expected all of the usual protective possessiveness that normally came from a bond, but this was a little insane. Leveraging himself to his feet, Tony began to stretch. Sitting against the door wasn’t terribly comfortable, and he was starting to get that itch again.
An idea entered his head and he began typing out instructions into another program on his StarkPad. Once done, he tossed it aside and went to the door. “Steve,” he called, his voice dropping an octave. “Come back inside. Need you.”
The sound of shifting came through the door again. “Tony?” the captain asked, his voice breathless in an instant.
“Come on, Steve. I’m aching.” He slipped a hand into his pants and stroked his slowly hardening cock, encouraging arousal and the pheromones that went with it. “Can’t you smell how much I need you? I know you can. Please.”
He had barely finished the last word when the door was flung open. Steve took one look at Tony before reaching for him, dragging him close and devouring his mouth in a kiss. Tony moaned, arching helplessly against Steve in wanton lust. At least that was helpful; the new bond had made the omega greedy constantly, for attention, for touch, for sex.
The kiss broke as Steve bent and scooped up Tony in his arms, cradling him carefully as he kicked the door closed. “Jarvis, lock it,” he ordered, striding purposefully towards the bed. There, he set down Tony and followed closely, crawling up the bed to cover him with his body. “I have no idea why you even bothered with clothes,” he murmured. “Should just keep you naked, plugged up so that I can slide into you whenever I want.”
Tony groaned, arching up against Steve as he pictured it. It was such a strange juxtaposition, the reserved Steve that everyone else saw and the filthy mouthed man who fucked him in the privacy of their room. He had found the perfect person to bond with. “Then maybe you should start working on that,” he purred.
The purr turned quickly to a yelp as Steve sat up enough to simply rip Tony’s shirt to shreds. “Not quite what I meant!” he complained, even as he worked at his own pants in order to avoid them getting the same treatment. “I liked that shirt, you ass.”
Arching an eyebrow, Steve simply worked to quiet the protests by pressing his mouth to one of Tony’s nipples and worrying it with teeth and tongue. Moans fell from the now wriggling Tony, evidence of just how sensitive his chest was.
Thanks to Tony’s quick work, the omega was naked in moments. There were bruises all along his body- handprints from where Steve held a little too tight, dark circles where he couldn’t stop himself from sucking, and so many bite marks. The deepest was up on Tony’s neck where all would see that he had been claimed, that he had bonded with a strong alpha like Steve. Their scents would stay constantly intermingled.
As he mouthed his way down Tony’s body, Steve pushed his mate’s legs open further. He could hear Tony’s breath quicken, so he flashed him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Protectiveness
Bonding
Explicit Sexual Content
Knotting
2015 Captain America/Iron Man Holiday Exchange

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

