Work Text:
For the record, Erik told the absolute truth in that set that got him accidentally famous. Internet famous, at least. 
Erik really did meet Charles a week before he did his gig at the Comedy Store. 
He’d heard of Xavier’s name long before that. Back when Forgiveness came out and suddenly everybody gave a shit about underappreciated British actors. It was only that he saw the fucker’s name every day that Erik even knew Charles Xavier was another force in the universe, like Paris Hilton, throw pillows, or oysters. Just one of those things that existed even if you couldn’t divine they purpose for it. Erik was touring hard at the time, so even if Charles Xavier was an object of constant speculation in tabloids, a prominent mutant figure in pop culture, and someone even Magda had mentioned as a little dreamy, Erik couldn’t be fucked.
Erik didn’t bother with people who didn’t work. Erik forged his life from listless audiences, twelve-hour car drives, and gigs that paid in beer tickets. Stand-up was Erik’s life. Perfecting his routine and his writing—what it was really like to be a mutant in America, to make comedy out of indignation and strife—was Erik’s life. 
So, similarly like Paris Hilton, throw pillows, and oysters, as soon Charles Xavier’s existence was known it was cursorily assessed and dismissed as ephemera.
This would turn out to be the first of many, many mistakes. 
~*~ 
Erik decided at some point to blame the whole thing on fucking Los Angeles. 
He’d relocated to L.A. after riding a two-year high of exposure. He’d been touring with some bigger names, getting guest spots on national television, and eventually writing for The Daily Show. And he knew there was a more logical line of progression that included doing a fuckton of sets, going to a fuckton of meetings and interviews, and drinking a fuckton of drinks, but it seemed a lot more sudden. Like one day he was doing gigs at places that had dysentery growing in the bathrooms and the next he was warming up for Lewis Black. 
Suddenly he was a name people knew and he was getting job offers. Offers of jobs. Being offered money in exchange for work, rather than begging for work and hoping for decent recompense was a fairly new development. 
He wound up taking one of those writing jobs in Hollywood for a trying-to-be-cerebral comedy on HBO about mutants called The Chromosome Closet. 
Erik wound up mostly hating Hollywood. He liked the job and got to do gigs enough, but every fucking thing was industry related. There were endless awards ceremonies and pseudo formal parties he was paid to do half a set at. It was at one of those pointless awards ceremonies he finally saw Charles Xavier. 
He was backstage, muttering through his tailored routine, when he heard a warm, startling laugh. He followed the sound a really good-looking guy. It was pretty obvious he was an actor. He had the expensive casual clothes that didn’t look like it cost a few hundred for jeans but did, the glowing, well-treated skin and hair. He was Hollywood short, but would be considered average height in the real world. He was talking to a woman, but smiled after her when she walked away. 
A shudder ran through Erik’s spine. 
There was something so bright and genuine about his smile it made Erik’s body ache. It couldn’t have been fake because the guy was smiling at the girl’s back. Not checking her out, just genuinely being overcome by fondness.
Erik couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen that sort of look on someone. 
Everything sort of slid past him while looking at this guy, cataloging his features. His typical pre-show anxiety, no matter how short the set, his typical low-level annoyance in these surroundings. It was all gone for a moment. All he could see was the slight pink blush bringing out the guy’s freckles, the glossy shine of his hair as he didn’t quite manage to push it behind his ear, the slim roundness of his limbs. 
Erik must have been looking for a long time because the guy noticed and caught his gaze. And Erik did feel caught because a) holy blue and b) he was. But instead of giving Erik the universal signal for back off now creeper, the man smiled again. This time it was a slightly cheeky smirk. 
“Hello,” he said, sort of leaning forward even though there was a distance between them. 
Erik panicked and took a step back. He waved awkwardly, already feeling his face heat up. “Um, hey.” 
“I loved your routine on the Registration Act.” 
And his voice was way, way too pleasant and smooth and British to just say things like that. 
“I—thanks.” Erik scrubbed a hand through his hair and his scruff. 
He was searching, chest filling with tension, for something to say to this pretty, nice, genuine man who Erik didn’t know from Adam, when, thankfully, an intern rushed in and tentatively hovered a hand near the man’s elbow. 
“You’re up in two, Mr. Xavier.” 
He smiled. Again. Looked at Erik and said, “Nice meeting you,” and walked toward the stage. 
Erik confirmed later what 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Magda (X-Men)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Erik is an angry mutant comedian
Charles is a darling actor
Angst and Humor
Fluff and Angst
Introspection
Adultery
Swearing
Explicit Sexual Content
Paparazzi
Prompt Fic
Happy Ending
casting charles in james mcavoy roles
Alternate Universe - Actors
Pegging

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Magda (X-Men)

