Work Text:
“Who are you?”
“I am Loki.”
The other giant shifted, raising one eyebrow, “Who birthed you?”
“Laufey King.”
Loki pressed the edge of his finger under his eye, stopping the tear gathering there from falling. 
“And your sire?”
“Farbauti of the West Frosts, mightiest of warriors, breaker of ice sheets…”
“And who taught you?”
“The bringer of 1000 sorrows, Angrboda the Witch.”
Loki’s voice cracked slightly on the last word.  He cleared his throat to cover it. 
“Good,” Jarnsaxa, newly appointed Jotun ambassador to Asgard, nodded his head, “Remember all of this today, Loki Prince.  Remember your station, remember the dignity of your house, keep your people in your mind…remember why we do this…”
Loki turned to face the ambassador, bowing his head. 
“The Casket…”
“Yes.  So, I ask again, who are you?”
“I am Loki…of Jotunheim.”
“And are you a slave, Loki of Jotunheim?”
“No.  Merely a willing servant of my people.”
“Very good.”
~*~*~
Two weeks of flurried preparations had come to this.  Loki was woken on the morning of the wedding and taken to the bathing room which had been prepared for him.  He knew what was to come.  He had been carefully prepared for this part. 
He let the maid untie his robe and pull it off his shoulders, standing naked in front of the three maids who would assist in his bathing, the Queen of Asgard, who according to tradition would be at his side through the day, preparing him for his new role as wife of the Crown Prince, and Jarnsaxa, there to ensure the Jotun traditions were observed and respected. 
The girl started untying his hair out of the simple plait he had put it in for sleeping, running her fingers through the long dark hair and murmuring about how lovely and thick it was.  The other maids nodded, apparently trying to put Loki at ease. 
Another servant arrived (Gods, how many people would be seeing him naked today?) carrying a large tray covered with a tea pot and some delicate cups on saucers and placing it on a small table between Frigga and Jarnsaxa’s chairs. 
“I hope you don’t mind Ambasador, I slept a little late and the day will be a long one.  Do you care to join me?” Frigga said, pouring herself a cup of tea. 
“I would be honoured, your highness,” Jarnsaxa smiled tightly, taking the offered cup gingerly in his huge hand.  It looked almost comically tiny as Jarnsaxa placed it to his lips.  At any other time Loki would no doubt have found the sight hilarious. 
One of the maids gently took Loki by the arm, leading him towards the deep bath set into the floor.  He was surprised when her guidance did not leave him at the edge of the pool, instead walking with him into the water, the two other maids following, the white shifts they had been wearing billowing out around them in the water. 
At its deepest point a full grown man could stand in one of these baths up to his neck in water.  Loki was lead and asked to sit on a ledge which had all but his shoulders submerged.  The water flowed around him, being constantly cycled through the bathing chamber, presumably to take soap and any other dirt away from the bather. 
One maid took a bottle from the side of the bath and started washing his hair, building up a thick lather.  Loki jerked when he felt soft hands and a washcloth on one arm, then the other, rubbing slow, firm circles.
“I can…”
The maid shushed him, “Let us, your highness.  This is our task so that you may relax.”
The washcloths rubbed him all the way down and then up his arms.  One maid then started washing his back while the other moved over his chest, the third was still working her hands through his hair.  The paused briefly to let him submerge his head and wash the shampoo away before starting again. 
The maids started on his thighs and calves.  Loki tried to focus on anything other than the womens’ soft hands, turning his ear to the Queen and Jarnsaxa’s conversation.
“…such luck that the weather has been so forgiving for the wedding considering the time of year,” Frigga was saying.
“Very true, your highness.  Truly all of the Ancient Gods smile upon this union.”
“Indeed.  More tea?”
“Yes please.  You know, at first I did not find the taste appealing, but this brew has rather grown on me.”
“I am glad.  You must come and take tea with us regularly, it is so good for the constitution…”
Loki allowed himself a roll of the eyes at their forced amiability.  Tension prickled in the room.  Jarnsaxa had not asked for the post of ambassador, no more than Loki had asked to be the wife of Thor, Frigga’s oldest son. 
His eyes rested on Frigga for a moment.  What were her thoughts? No doubt a Jotun had not been her first choice for her son’s wife, had not been what she envisaged when she thought of this wedding day as she watched her boy grow.  Her face through the last two weeks, and even before then during the painfully long negotiations preceding the wedding, had ever been the same serene and gently smiling mask, her true feelings buried deeper insider her than Loki could s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Non Consensual touching
Arranged Marriage
Loss of Virginity
Wedding Night
Weddings
Rituals
Ritual Public Sex
Intersexuality

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

