Work Text:
"Tell me again what happened to Tony," Steve said, taking a steadying breath, and he was so, so glad it was Jan who had found Tony. "A little slower, this time."
The Wasp's secret identity was an open secret -- owed in part to the fact that her Avengers outfit was maskless -- and over the past year Steve had gathered that Janet Van Dyne was a woman of significant financial means. She had the sort of money that allowed her to routinely rub shoulders with people like Tony Stark, their very own Avengers benefactor, at fundraising dinners or charity galas or whatever the fabulously wealthy spent their money on these days. Steve -- or rather, Captain America -- had occasionally been a guest in that world, but Jan and Tony had been born to it.
And tonight Steve was unbelievably grateful that Jan had decided to attend the same charity event as Tony had, because Jan could keep her head even in the worst of catastrophes, with a bright resourcefulness that would have put many men Steve had served with to shame. He could only imagine the chaos that might have ensued if a civilian had found Tony first, this evening.
He wondered when he'd stopped thinking of the Avengers as civilians.
They were in the basement of Avengers Mansion, in the team briefing room, and Jan was looking over at him and holding out her hands, earnestly, one opera glove missing; it was the picture of elegance marred, a night on the town gone horribly wrong. She was still wearing a beautiful evening gown, shimmering gold and black, backless, showing what Steve could only assume was an acceptable amount of skin in this decade. Her clutch, wrap, and heels were piled on one of the chairs at the table, and her hair was in disarray, mussed and swinging into her face. Her makeup was smeared. She didn't seem to care.
There were larger concerns.
"I don't know what happened, exactly," Jan said, her voice tight with tension. "I wasn't with him when it happened. I was by the staircase, and he'd gone upstairs. He'd been invited to look at the art collection, I think. He couldn't have been gone more than five minutes before he came back down, and I could tell something was wrong from just the way he looked at me. So I said, 'Tony?' and he-- and he--" Her voice caught. "He didn't even know his own name."
This was bad. This was really, really bad.
Steve shut his eyes and scraped his hand across his face, like that could make this nightmare all go away. "God."
Jan's hand landed on his arm, a steadying presence. "I know," she said, quietly.
"Then what happened?"
"Well," she said, and she smiled a small, rueful smile. "He is Tony, after all." She said it like he should know who Tony was, like she knew who Tony was -- and of all of them, clearly she was the one who did. "He's resourceful. He tried to fake it, of course, but he-- he didn't know who he was, who I was, where he was. It was obvious, and he-- he looked so scared, even though he'd never say so. I knew I had to get him out of there, and I didn't want the press getting wind of it. So I went to powder my nose, fished my Avengers card out of my purse, and called you. You and Iron Man and Dr. Blake, and then I rushed him out of there," she said, and Steve nodded, because he'd been here for that part. He'd gotten her message, and he'd suited up and made it down here by the time Jan and Tony had gotten in. "I figured that whatever had happened to him -- well, it sounded a lot like Avengers business to me. Complete amnesia, instantly?" Jan made a face. "It was weird, and we deal in weird."
It was strange indeed. Speaking of strange, he couldn't figure out why Iron Man hadn't responded to the call. Iron Man was Tony's bodyguard, after all, and this should have been well within Iron Man's purview -- surely Iron Man was supposed to prevent things like this from happening? And even if Tony had given him the night off, why would Iron Man have ignored an Avengers alert? It hadn't been a priority call to assemble, but even so -- wasn't Iron Man concerned about his employer?
"So I called you because it was Tony," Jan continued, a little hesitantly. "Tony's still one of us, even if he's not an Avenger, you know?"
Steve made himself smile, and he put his other hand over Jan's. "I know. You made the right call, Wasp."
Jan sighed, and her fingers tightened on his arm. "I just wish I could do something for Tony. I wish the right call came with the right answer."
"There will be answers," Steve said, with more confidence than he felt, because he was Captain America and Captain America was brave and Captain America had to believe that Tony would be all right. "Dr. Blake hasn't even finished examining him yet, has he? Maybe he'll have found something. Maybe it'll be easy."
"Maybe," Jan said, dubiously. "Though I think-- I think maybe you should see him first."
He wished Iron Man were here. Iron Man knew Tony the best of all of them, didn't he? Iron Man should have been the one to do this. But he wasn't, and so Steve took 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Amnesia
Temporary Amnesia
Memory Loss
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Hurt/Comfort
Pining
Early in Canon
Comic Book Science
Happy Ending
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)
Community: cap_ironman
Cap_Ironman Holiday Gift Exchange 2015

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

