Work Text:
The low level junior agent had been an annoyance all day.
Harris had gotten used to ignoring the guy, but somehow, they ended up in the same training classes over and over and over and Harris was absolutely done with listening to his inane babble.  Apparently, the idiot had been CIA before being recruited by SHIELD.  Everyone knew this because he kept bringing it up.  It appeared that he considered the SHIELD training courses to be an annoyance, after his long and proficient career in the field.
The only one impressed by his 'long and proficient career' up until this point appeared to be him.  Harris was impressed only by his ability to continue talking long after everyone had ceased to listen to him.
And he wasn't terribly impressed by that, either.
This briefing session, and SHIELD called them briefing sessions instead of classes, not that anyone gave a damn what SHIELD called them, was about emerging issues with Canadian customs.  Canadian customs, as it turned out, was not impressed by SHIELD's fancy footwork and weren't real eager to clear certain things across the border.
Basically, if it didn't appear on the periodic table of elements, Canada had a certain wariness about letting it enter the country.  Harris considered this completely justified; SHIELD wasn't quite so forgiving.  Harris approved of practicality on the part of customs agents, and national governments.
Maybe he could defect.  Maybe that was still a thing.
Basically, Harris was bored out of his mind, and he wasn't the only one.  The CIA reject actually had an audience, which was rare, but as annoying as he was, at least he was interesting.  Annoying interesting beat competent boring any day, even with people as eager to impress as the average SHIELD Junior Agent.  
“So, I was down in Columbia and-”
Harris gritted his teeth and kept his face forward, staring at the tall, broad shouldered woman with the neat black bun who was leading the course.  She took her material very seriously, and it didn't seem to bother her overly much that no one else did.
“You would not believe what-”
Harris glanced over at the CIA reject.  “Look,” he said, in an undertone, “I'm trying to pay attention here, so I'd really appreciate it if you could keep it down?”
CIA-Douche gave him a disdainful look.  In a single flick, he took in Harris' lanky form, from the shock of wheat-blonde hair to his too-big feet, clad in battered sneakers.  His face twisted in a smirk, and Harris resisted the urge to sigh.  “I'm sorry,” Mr. Too-Cool-For-School said to Harris.  “I thought I knew all the agents in this recruiting wave.  Who are you, exactly?”
Harris stared him down, because he really did not care.  “Summer intern,” he said.
One of the other agents actually choked back a laugh, and a few pitying glances were exchanged.  “Wow,” CIA-Douche said, stretching the vowel out like overly-sweet taffy.  “That's interesting.”  With that, he dismissed Harris, leaning back in his chair and stretching his legs out in front of him.  “So, as I was saying-”
Harris took a look at his flawless cowboy boots, made of something expensive and over-tooled, and had to move before he said something he'd regret.  A faint wave of laughter followed him as he  moved to the aisle and shifted forward a few rows, his stuff tucked under his arm in an untidy heap.  He found an open seat near the front, because honestly?  No one wanted to be at the front of this class.  The woman in the next seat gave him a disinterested look before returning to her computer.
From where he was sitting, Harris was pretty sure she was drawing something obscene.
He turned his attention back to the instructor and tried to pretend that he cared.  As the class droned on, and the faint hum of voices and laughter around the room only became more pronounced, he wanted to scream.  If these people didn't want to bother paying attention, why were they still here?
As if on cue, he heard the rear door of the lecture hall open with a subdued bang.  For an instant, he thought someone had finally left in a huff.  But a moment later, footsteps came bouncing down the aisle, the gait quick and almost skipping.  Harris' head came up from his notebook, because he could suddenly hear the instructor.  The room was getting quieter and quieter, the footsteps now a rhythmic call of doom.
He didn't turn around.  Because he was being paranoid.  He was being paranoid, this wasn't happening, not everything was about him.  He was unimportant, in the scheme of things.  He was uninteresting and unnoticed, just another head in a sea of them, bent over a notebook because that felt more real than a tablet, that felt right.  He was that unimportant.  No one came looking for him.  Ever.
That was the way he wanted it.
“Psst, Harris.”
He flinched.  He couldn't help it.  It was like his brain recognized the danger and was desperately trying to escape.  He kept his head down, his eyes locked on the notebook, on the increasingly irrational scribbles his p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
OC silliness
Training
Training Sessions
Humor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

