Work Text:
"Rogers!" Bucky yelled from the bathroom. "I need some steady hands, you got a minute?"
"For you, always!" Steve called back as he headed in Bucky's direction, feeling the same little glow of happiness he got every time he remembered Bucky was home now. He was safe, and if not exactly his old self, still--
Steve stopped short in the bathroom doorway. Bucky was naked from the waist down, bent over the sink with his legs spread. Steve's cock started to fill at the sight, even though Bucky had never much liked getting fucked and they hadn't gotten anywhere near that far in getting close to each other again now that he was back.
"Don't just look, pal, come over here," Bucky said over his shoulder. 
Steve jerked his gaze up to meet Bucky's eyes. 
Bucky was smirking a little, but the expression was stiff and forced. Steve looked down again and saw what he hadn't before: a total absence of hair between Bucky's legs, revealing a gleam of metal. There was a loop around his balls and a nub of silvery metal where his cock should be. 
Steve made a tiny noise before he choked it off, and Bucky whirled to face him, straightening up. Steve tried to get his face under control.
"Don't you fucking dare," Bucky said, low and furious. "Don't you dare get upset about this where I can see. Not this. This is mine."
Steve looked down again and realized that it wasn't, at least, that Bucky's cock was missing and replaced with another metal prosthetic. It was there, just caged in metal--and had been for God knew how long. Months, at least.
Steve blinked, swallowed, and made his voice as neutral as he could. "Steady hands. I see. You got tools, or is there a lock to pick?"
"Borrowed a laser cutter from Stark," Bucky said, sounding wary but willing to go on as if nothing had happened as long as Steve did.
"I can see why you didn't do it yourself, then." Steve took the cutter Bucky offered to him; it was disconcertingly light in his hand. "Welded in place?"
"Every damn time." Bucky turned his back and bent over the sink again, legs spread wide.
Steve didn't think about that so he wouldn't get upset about it. This was Bucky's, like he said; all he wanted from Steve was help getting the damn thing off. It was a mission. Simple, straightforward. Steve focused on it.
He turned on the laser cutter, taking a moment to work out the settings, and then he leaned in to look at the way the metal curled around Bucky's cock and balls. The cage covered his cock from tip to base in a grid of metal, solid over the head but for a few strategically placed holes. The rigid loop around his balls locked the cage in place. Steve couldn't see where the hell it had even been welded.
"Best place to cut?"
"Each side of the ring," Bucky said. "And--that little ball sticking out at the tip, you see that?"
Steve looked, and realized there were two balls: one at each end of what must be a thin rod jabbed through the head of Bucky's cock. He swallowed hard. At least there was no danger of Bucky seeing his face from here. "Yeah, I see it."
"Slice that off, but don't try to move anything. I'll do that."
"Got it." Steve curled his left hand around the cage, noticing as he did that it fit into his hand. He remembered Bucky's cock fondly--vividly. Even soft, it had never been this small. The cage had to have compressed it brutally, though the skin he could see underneath looked to be a normal warm flesh-color, not bulging out against the metal.
He wasn't thinking. He was keeping his hands steady and helping Bucky out. Slicing off the end of the piercing was easy; he could keep the cut perpendicular to Bucky's body, and the thickness of the cage protected Bucky's cock from the tiny laser blade. The ball end fell and bounced away with a little repeating click on the tile.
"Now the ring." Steve eased his hand away and shifted back a few inches. He couldn't help noticing that he was eye-to-asshole with Bucky now, and... well, he'd never been as familiar with that part of Bucky, but he'd gotten up close enough times to know that it looked different now. There were a few shiny radial lines like scars, and the clench of muscle looked softer than he remembered it. The few times they'd tried Bucky had been so tight that it was almost impossible not to hurt him. Now, Steve thought that if he just nudged...
He forced his gaze down, easing his hand into place. Bucky spread his legs wider. Steve cupped Bucky's balls in his left hand--entirely different from holding his caged cock, this was bare hairless skin against his palm. He clicked on the cutter and felt Bucky's balls twitch, probably trying to retract away from danger. 
"Almost," Steve said quietly, turning the wicked little light-blade against that cruelly solid curve of metal. "Just a minute, Buck." 
Steve had to switch hands to do the other side. He pressed the tip of his right thumb up under the metal to try to shield Bucky from the cutter. But his hand didn't shake, and in another few seconds he was through on th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Rape Recovery
Bucky's Broken Dick
Small Penis
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
hydratrashmeme
Chastity Device
Body Modification
Steve is turned on by Bucky's everything
even the parts Bucky is not happy about himself
but in a loving way really
Fisting
Overstimulation
Crying

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

