Work Text:
“I really think I would look best in a purple tux.”
Bucky nodded and pressed his cell phone between his ear and shoulder as he stirred together the mixings for his apple pie crust. Tony had been stressing a lot lately, and Bucky knew the homemade treat was just what Tony needed to unwind. Tony loved Bucky’s baked goods with a passion. He would hole himself away from the rest of the world for hours just to enjoy Bucky’s cooking. “I’m sure you would, Tony.”
“But don’t you think one of us should be in white?”
“I’ll be in white.”
“But you look so much better in black, babe.”
“Isn’t white supposed to be a symbol of virginity? I think all of our teammates can attest neither one of us is a virgin.”
“If either of you two are virgins, then I’m a Velociraptor.” Clint swooped around Bucky and scooped up some half-formed crust with his finger. “Pie crust?”
Bucky slapped Clint’s hand away.
“In most Western cultures: yes. In Eastern ones white means death,” Tony went on.
Clint grinned and lunged for the bowl. Bucky elbowed Clint in the chest and held the mixing bowl high over his head. “I didn’t think you’d be concerned about that, but okay, wear the purple.”
“But Bucky, white goes better with your black tux! Plus, imagine the gossip rags freaking out because playboy Tony Stark had the gall to wear white at his wedding.”
Clint picked up an apple and threw it at the bowl.
Bucky just managed to duck in time to avoid the bowl getting knocked out of his hand. He punched Clint in the leg.
“Ow!” Clint gathered his injured leg to his chest and bounced around on one foot. “Fuck.”
“Well, if scandal is what you’re looking for, Tony, then you should wear a white dress. Hell, if it will make you happy, I’ll wear a black dress too. Honestly, we could walk down the aisle in nothing but brown paper bags and I wouldn’t care as long as we got married.”
“You’d really wear a black wedding dress for me? With lace and a sweetheart bodice?”
Bucky settled the mixing bowl on the counter as he frowned suspiciously at Tony’s words. “Tony dear, it sounds like you’ve been thinking about me in a wedding dress.”
“Well, someone has too!”
Laughter burst from Bucky. Tony was so ridiculous; it was one of the many reasons Bucky loved him. Tony was always able to make him laugh. “Okay, sweetie, whatever you say.”
Bucky’s phone beeped, signaling that a text message had come through.
“Now, the other question is: should one of us have a bouquet?”
“Hold on a sec, Tony.” Bucky pulled his phone back from his ear to check the message.
It was Pepper.
Bucky knew without looking why Pepper had texted him. “Hey, Tones, Pepper texted me.”
“Shit! What time is it? Crap. That’s the third time I’ve been late to the R&D meetings this week. Although, if they would just calibrate the damn thing correctly on the first try—”
“Bye, Tony. Have fun with R&D,” Bucky sing-songed cheerfully.
“Got it. Got it. Bye. Love you.”
“Love you too.” Bucky hung up before Tony could delay their goodbyes with an arbitrary comment or question at the last second.
Clint pretended to choke.
Bucky feinted a smack to Clint’s head. The archer ducked.
“You got something to say, Barton?”
“Oh, nothing. Nothing at all.” Clint gripped his hands behind his back and batted his eyelashes at Bucky. “Well, maybe just one little thing.” Clint pinched his fingers together in demonstration. “You and Tony are too disgustingly cute.” Clint fake vomited.
Steve and Natasha chose that moment to wander into the kitchen.
“What are you two doing now?” Steve asked.
“Dying.” Clint choked.
Bucky rolled his eyes. He picked up his bowl of pie crust mixings and held it up for Steve to see. “I’m just trying to be a good fiancé and make something special for Tony.” Bucky jabbed his thumb over his shoulder at Clint. “Blondie here is doing his best impersonation of a five-year-old crying out for attention.”
“You have clearly not been around enough five year-olds if you think what I’m doing is crying out for attention. It’s more like this.” Clint grabbed Bucky’s shoulders from behind and bounced up and down. “Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Come see what I did! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! C’mon, Dad! Dad! Dad! Hello! Dad? Why are you not hurrying up? Da—”
Natasha shoved an apple into Clint’s mouth to shut him up.
“Not everyone was as terrible a child as you.” Natasha bopped Clint on the nose.
Amusement shone in Steve’s eyes, but he made no comment. “So, Bucky, were you planning on sharing any of your food with us?”
“You ain’t a scrawny kid anymore. Go get your own food, and stop mooching off of mine. Only Tony can do that, and that’s because he forgets to eat for three days.”
“Are you sure it’s not because Tony gives you the eyes?” Steve teased.
The eyes, also known as the most pitiful morose expression Bucky has ever seen on a human being, was Tony’s trademark trick for getting what he wanted out of Bucky, and Tony didn’t even know how he did it. Yes, Tony would give Bucky sad eyes when he wanted something, but the eyes was utterly differen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Domestic Avengers
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes-centric
Kid Fic
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Homophobia
Established Relationship
Advanced Idea Mechanics
Protective Bucky Barnes
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Avengers Tower
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied Relationships
wanda maximoff/vision - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

