Work Text:
They crowd around the figure encased in ice. “The costume, the shield,” Jan says to the others. “Don't you recognize it?”Tony recognizes it. Of course he recognizes it; he recognized it the moment he saw it. “Captain America,” he mumbles under his breath. It's almost too good to be true, that here he is, finding the man his father had sought for so long-- and failed to recover.But he keeps his answer to himself, even as his lips move, repeating the same words, Captain America, Captain America, like a prayer.

~~~
Eve Rogers has come unstuck in time.She is a child selling flowers in Brooklyn, her thin voice too soft to attract passersby. She is too small for her age, too thin, too pale, and her mother hoards pennies in secret to pay the doctor, because her father still speaks in undertones about how her older brother should have lived and she should have died.He was a fine, strong boy, Joe Rogers says, outraged. He could put food on the table. Why did the ‘flu take the one of them that was worth something? he asked.She is four when her mother tells her she's going to have a new baby brother or sister. She doesn't understand why her mother weeps when she says it. There is a night, a few weeks later, filled with blood and tears. Her father doesn't come home for three nights. When he returns, smelling like vomit and whiskey, he tells her there isn't going to be a brother or sister. She is six the first time she sees her father hit her mother.Her mother works hard, works until her fingers bleed. Her father comes home later each night than the one before. He’s usually drunk. She starts to understand the difference: there is a quiet, serious, anxious, yet compassionate Joe, and a Joe with the force of a tornado. Eve is nine the first time she steps between her mother and her father’s fist. She earns a broken nose and her mother's sobs.She does it again. And again. Until her father hits her first and doesn't trouble himself with her mother. She finds the pennies her mother has been squirreling away in a tin can in the pantry, hidden along with Eve’s birth certificate and a pamphlet from a mission for women and children. Eve is eleven when, suddenly, there is money. It’s more money than she’s ever dreamed of. Her mother has a nice new coat and a haircut from a salon. Eve has new shoes and a little red purse with three pennies in it that belong to her alone. Her father has a smart new suit and he is always in high spirits. He doesn't hit her now. He promises her a dog, if she's good.She never finds out where the money comes from, but it only lasts a few weeks. Joe doesn't come home one night. A week later they find him in an alley with his throat gouged open. The Russians, they tell Sarah. “The Russians,” says the ruddy-faced man who comes to tell them that Joe is dead. “But alas,” he says, “Joe wasn't paid up. And there’s still the question of his debts.”Sarah offers him everything she has: the tin of pennies from the closet, her wedding ring, her new coat, but none of it is enough.He asks if she has any children. Someone has to work off Joe’s debt. “Unless,” he says, “you can think of another way, a pretty lady like--” Sarah Rogers does, in that moment, what she never could do to Joe, and decks the man in the jaw. But he's bigger, stronger. He grasps her by throat and pins her to the kitchen table while she lets out a litany of swears that Eve would never have believed could come from her mother's mouth.At that moment, one thing happens. One thing, and many things: Eve walks in. She is bundled up; it's unseasonably cold for October. She's wearing her brother’s coat and trousers, both far too large on her. Her hair is tucked up in one of her father's hats.She sees the man with his elbow pressed to the back of his mother's neck.“EVIE, RUN!” her mother screamsEve doesn't run. Eve does what she has always done, and puts herself between her mother and the man. “Stevie?” the man asks. By some miracle of poor hearing combined with Eve’s current state of dress, he makes a mistake that is about to change her life. “Stevie, don't be brave, son.”Eve tries to stand like a boy-- no, not just any boy, the biggest, roughest boy she knows. She straightens her shoulders, stiffens her back, juts her chin out, widens her stance. “Stay away from my mother,” Evie says, lowering her voice to make it sound as gruff as she can. “And I won't have to.”The man picks Eve up and throws her across the room, shakes his head, tells Sarah to see to her boy, and warns that he’ll be back later. She breaks an arm and two ribs. The doctor tells Sarah she can pay him back in mending.A week later, a portly, red-cheeked man in a fancy plaid suit shows up at their door, saying that Tom Cassidy is paying all Young Steve’s doctor bills. Eve is in a blue cotton dress, her straw-colored hair in a long plait down her back. Her arm is in a sling, but this man looks right at her and assumes that Young Steve isn't at home.He grins at her and flips her a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Janet Van Dyne

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Genderswap
Genderswapped Steve Rogers
Marvel 616/Ultimates/MCU Fusion
Gender politics
Gender Issues
Gender Identity
Romance
Identity Porn
Slow Burn
Canon-Typical Violence
Background Hank/Jan
Background Bucky/Gail
Past Unrequited Steve/Bucky
Steve & Jan Friendship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Janet Van Dyne

