Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James knew that he wasn’t doing so well. Sure, he was trying, but according to the worried glances Steve and occasionally Natasha still threw him and then each other, he wasn’t doing nearly well enough; either for them or for the general opinion on how recovery was supposed to go, he didn’t know. And he didn’t ask. James wasn’t much into talking these days, and if he said anything at all, it was usually biting and full of sarcasm. Steve heavily disapproved, though he usually tried not to let it show too much. James was jumpy, avoided touch like it burned him and he wouldn’t go anywhere without at least one knife on him. There had been more than one intervention about that, Steve demanding he tried to go without one, at least in the tower, or trying to coax him into only taking one knife at a time, but he hadn’t been successful. Partly because James could be a stubborn son of a bitch and just didn’t give a damn and partly because no one backed him up. Natasha and Clint were never unarmed, that obviously came with being a spy and assassin, Thor was practically a weapon himself with how strong and indestructible he was, Bruce technically fell into the ‘never unarmed’ category because of the Hulk and Tony only looked at the metal arm, back to Steve and walked out of the room. The metal arm was also a very touchy subject, but more so for Steve than for James. James knew that that part wholly belonged to Hydra and that it was probably perceived as nothing but a weapon by Steve, it was after all dangerous and it gave him an advantage additionally to being stronger than normal thanks to the serum, but for him it was just another part of his body. He had tried to explain that to Steve in the beginning but he would have none of it and sent him down to Tony’s workshop, so that the arm could be taken off and be replaced by one that wouldn’t be quite so strong. Since James wouldn’t go there himself, refusing to let anyone take the arm from him or make decisions for him, Steve escorted him there, dropping him off like a petulant child, while he told Tony what he wanted him to do and Steve only left when Tony nodded his agreement. James had been on edge the whole time but that agreement was enough to make him furious, because it felt a lot like being with Hydra again; people making decisions about his body, not asking for his permission and when Tony turned around to him James was ready to punch him in the face, consequences be damned. Jarvis would alert Steve if he did it, no doubt about that, and it would give James the opportunity to hit him as well, so it didn’t seem like the worst idea ever. But Tony didn’t approach him though; instead he sat back down and looked at him intently. “So. We heard what Steve wants. What do you want?” Tony asked him after a minute of silence. James was taken aback by that, he hadn’t expected to be asked about his opinion at all and it left him at a loss for words. “Okay, look,” Tony eventually said. “I could probably do what Steve asked, well demanded is probably more apt here. And he’s right, I could. No problem there. I don’t know how the arm works yet, but taking it offline shouldn’t be a problem. But going by the daggers you glared at us, I’m guessing you don’t agree. So why don’t you tell me what you want done and we can ignore Steve’s orders.” James needed a second to get his thoughts straight but then he asked “You would go against Steve?” Tony scoffed at that. “It’s your arm. There’s nothing for him to wish about that.” James hadn’t spent that much time with Tony, sure there was the occasional team bonding thing that Steve dragged him to, but James got the distinct impression that the things he heard about Tony weren’t all true. And he had heard a lot. People, especially Steve, seemed to forget that he could indeed listen to conversations even if he took no part in it. And James wasn’t stupid, he had done his research on all members of the team and the internet had a lot to say about Anthony Stark, and mostly they weren’t good things. This little act of kindness showed James that he would have to be a lot more careful with what he believed in though and he tried to put the knowledge he had already gathered through secondary sources to the back of his mind.It seemed like he’d stayed quite too long for Tony and so he was jolted out of his thoughts when Tony clapped his hands. “So, what’s it gonna be, Robocop?” “I don’t want you to take it off. Or offline, for that matter,” James eventually said. “Done. Do you want me to check it over or you just wanna sit there and evade the disapproving Captain?” “I didn’t peg you as someone who’d ask,” James truthfully told him and Tony shrugged, though he seemed offended. “I’m the guy who gets off on consent. In bed as well as normal interaction,” Tony answered him. James nodded at that but cradled his arm closer in a protective gesture. He knew that Tony would have to check the arm over eventually, it wasn’t made for e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Panic Attacks
healing process
Portals
other dimensions
Jealous Bucky
Hurt Bucky
Avengers Family
Missions
Hydra (Marvel)
Self-Worth Issues
Angst
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

