Work Text:
Seven weeks, five days, and eighteen hours, give or take. It’s been almost two months since Tony’s last seen his boyfriend, been able to touch and hold him, which is probably why he’s freezing his butt off out here on the landing pad almost half an hour before Steve’s due to finally arrive home.Tony looks at his watch for what must be the tenth time in as many minutes at least, huffing out a frustrated breath. How is it that several days can pass in a flash when he’s spending them down in his workshop, but having to wait thirty minutes for Steve feels like a small eternity? It has to be Einstein’s fault, somehow.He hops from one leg to the other and back to keep himself warm in the chilly October breeze, stomping down hard on the urge to glance at his wrist again. Being separated from his soulmate for this long has left Tony twitchy and irritable, his anticipation laced with a nervous sort of worry. Tony is more than happy, thrilled even, to have Steve back soon, but Steve isn’t coming alone, no. He’s bringing the Winter Soldier, of all people.Which isn’t entirely fair, Tony has to remind himself, because James Buchanan Barnes neither volunteered for any of the countless atrocities that have been done to him, nor did he do what he did for Hydra out of his own free will. For decades, he was little more than a weapon that got pointed and triggered, a tool to be used, put in storage when not needed.But that doesn’t magically erase the fact that James, however involuntarily and indirectly, is responsible for the death of Howard and Maria Stark and, more importantly to Tony, Edwin Jarvis, friend and father figure.It’s not that Tony blames James for any of what happened, he’s not that much of an asshole, but the situation requires an emotional maturity and delicacy Tony isn’t convinced he’s capable of. Add to that the ugly jealousy that comes with thinking about how James will be, already is demanding huge chunks of Steve’s time which would otherwise belong to Tony and, well.He’s being petty, but Tony can’t help it. He’s always had a possessive streak, and he’s not looking forward to having to share his boyfriend, his soulmate, with someone who’ll need so much of Steve’s attention. And from what Steve’s been telling Tony during their phone calls and the occasional video chats, James will definitely be leaning heavily on Steve for support for the foreseeable future.Which is understandable, expected really, after what James has been through. Tony knows something about guilt, but it’s hard to imagine what it must do to a person to be used and abused like James was, compared to accidentally causing damage and destruction by being ignorant and spoiled.The sound of roaring engines thankfully snaps Tony out of his thoughts before they can take a turn for the even more self-deprecating, and when the quinjet finally touches down, nothing can hold him anymore. He’s running the moment the ramp begins its descent, his face breaking out into a goofy smile at the sight of Steve, who’s beaming back at Tony despite the exhausted slump of his body.“Hey-“ is as far as Steve gets, cutting himself off with a chuckled oomph as Tony barrels into him, actually stumbling back a step while Tony’s busy winding his arms around his neck.Standing up on tiptoes so he can tuck his nose into Steve’s neck and slide a hand into the short hairs at the back of Steve’s neck, Tony mumbles a heartfelt, somewhat shaky, “Missed you.”Steve’s hands find their way to Tony’s hips, squeezing gently. He brushes his lips over Tony’s temple, making a quietly contented noise in the back of his throat, and then Tony tips his head up and Steve is right there, meeting him halfway for a soft, slow kiss.  “Hi,” Steve says against Tony’s lips, pecking them once, twice more before pulling back enough to rest their foreheads together. “Missed you, too.”Tony hums, affectionately bumping his nose against Steve’s before kissing him again, pressing them together from chest to knee, as close as possible. Steve seems more than okay with that idea, hands slipping under the waistband of Tony’s sweats to cup his ass as he kisses back eagerly, nipping at Tony’s bottom lip before sucking it into his mouth to soothe the sting. For the first time in weeks, Tony feels complete, whole. Their bond is singing, vibrating, sending warmth coursing through Tony’s entire body and excited shivers running up and down his spine. Their moment of reconnecting is ended abruptly, however, when Steve suddenly pulls back, lips shiny and cheeks flushed, hooded eyes flickering over to the man standing awkwardly off to the side and doing his best not to stare. “Sorry ‘bout that,” Steve says, sheepishly scratching at the back of his neck. James looks up at him at that, then over at Tony, then back at Steve, raises a questioning eyebrow. Steve sighs, his blush darkening. “Uh, Buck, this is Tony. Stark. Tony Stark. My soulmate and, well, boyfriend.” Now, Tony doesn’t know James very well yet, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
POV Tony Stark
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Developing Relationship
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Sexual Content
Hand Jobs
Bathtub Sex
Kissing
So much kissing
Cuddling & Snuggling
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Nightmares
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending
Cap_Ironman Holiday Gift Exchange 2015

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

