Chapter 1: Blood Toxicity 7%
    




Chapter Text
 In retrospect, Tony should not have let Pepper book his vacation, when she was clearly still upset by the whole 'I am Iron Man' thing. He'd asked for a “business trip”, like so many times before and he'd expected her to send him to the Stark facilities in Guam, or somewhere else suitably tropical, also like so many times before. There he'd planned on meeting the local hotshots for about five minutes before pissing off to the beach with the local beauty queens.He removed an icicle from his mustache. Obviously Pepper was still angry. At least she didn't hate him, or else she would have let him pack his own suitcase and he'd be freezing his cojones off here in a speedo and sunglasses. Now he was still freezing his cojones off, but at least he was doing it in a parka packed by Pepper, so, unhappy as said cojones were with the lack of action, the family jewels might actually survive this trip. On the upside, there was no need to find proper refrigeration for his vodka, he had bottles stashed all over the upper deck of this polar expedition ship and they were all properly frozen under the merry light of the midnight sun.He hadn't even known Stark Industries was still searching the polar seas for a trace of Captain America's downed plane every summer. Apparently it was done by some shady subdivision of SI that had been funded for the rest of eternity by dear old Dad. Because of course it was. The man never gave up on Captain America, at least.So here he was, tagging along with a bunch of taciturn Danes who slept and swept the seafloor with sonar in twelve hours shifts and didn't do much for relaxation besides drinking heavily and talking about Danish reality tv. Or something. Tony didn't speak much Danish, and the crew's ability to remember to speak English when Tony was present was inversely correlated to the amount of alcohol they had consumed.It had been riveting for all of about three minutes.To be honest, though, the lack of a party scene at his current location was kind of doing him good. He had a (prototype) StarkPad full of new ideas for Stark Eco Tech and Stark Consumer Tech products that should be able to persuade even Pepper that the shift away from weapons manufacturing wasn't going to be the deathblow to SI that the entire board (and stock market) seemed to think it was. He had caught up on all the newest publications in all of his chosen fields (and a few outside of those), that he'd missed while being hosted by Afghan Club Med. He'd fired off a few suitably scathing letters to Nature and Science. Apparently nobody kept them on their toes when Tony wasn't around, and wasn't that just sad?So anyway, that was why he was currently leaning over the railing of a gunmetal grey rustbucket, with a frozen bottle of vodka, watching his breath crystalize in front of his face and occasionally removing clumps of ice from his beard. He tried closing his eyes and pretending he was on a cruise ship in the Bahamas, but the biting wind on the exposed parts of his face was getting in the way.An unfamiliar noise cut through the steady thrum of the ship's engine. It sounded like a massive waterfall had suddenly come into being, and when he opened his eyes it turned out to be true in some way. The enormous iceberg that had been depressingly present in Tony's view for the last half hour or so had decided to roll over for funsies. As its grey-blue underside slowly came heaving out of the ocean and the top rotated under, water ran in rivers out of the crags and crannies back to the surface. Tony watched in awe as the ice mogul rose from the depths like a frosty version of Poseidon. It rocked a few times until it had found its new equilibrium and then settled, with the last few thousand gallons of water dripping from its curves like an afterthought.Tony was about to lift his bottle in salute to this fine bit of entertainment, but the "Cheers!" died on his tongue.Out of the newly exposed side of the iceberg stuck the wing of an airplane.Holy fucking fuck.He ran off to roust the Danes that were still busy staring at the ocean floor.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
Snarky Tony
Sassy Steve Rogers
Tony-centric
POV Tony Stark
Self-Sacrificing Tony Stark
First Kiss

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

