Work Text:
They meet at a party. It’s a thing the football team does every year, and Steve goes because he’s on a football scholarship so he’s on the team, and it seems like a good idea to get to know the team. Even if they’re, well, drunk out of their minds.It’s in a house, not a frat house just a large house that the university owns and some of the older players pay to live in. The lights are on, but are dim. It gives the party a strange feel, almost like they’re all in an old-fashioned bar. There’s no smoke in the air, but there is the strong smell of alcohol and people. To the drunkest, the room has a certain haze. Steve isn’t drunk at all, he has a beer in his hand so no one will offer him any, but he’s only sipped. He came to mingle, but he’s never been really good at that, so he’s hanging out on the fringes of the activity, not far enough away to look like he’s actually avoiding it, but not close enough that he’ll have to deal with people he’d rather not deal with. He’s close enough to approach, which someone eventually does.“Hi,” someone says, coming out of the dimness and up to Steve. Steve turns his attention to the other, a boy, shorter than him by more than a head, with dark hair and dark eyes that somehow manage to gleam despite the low light and the glasses in front of them. He has a wide, bright smile, framed by the hint of a goatee, which Steve doesn’t normally like but on this guy it works. Best of all, he doesn’t seem horribly drunk.“Hi,” Steve says, smiling back and offering his hand. “I’m Steve.”“Tony,” the other says, taking the proffered hand and shaking it.“You play football?” Steve asks, wondering who this boy is.Tony laughs. “Do I look like a football player to you?”Steve shrugs. “I try not to judge people by first glance. I was small and asthmatic until I turned sixteen.”“Bullshit.”“It’s true!” Steve protests. “No one ever does believe me, but it is.”Tony gives Steve a look he can’t quite decipher. “I’m sixteen,” he says. “Wish I’d gotten a growth spurt like yours.”“It was incredibly awkward,” Steve says. His brain whirs, readjusting the conversation to fit this new information. Sixteen years old. And drinking at a college party. Steve thought the boy had been coming up to hit on him, but maybe not. “I spent a lot of time bumping into things and tripping over my own feet.”“Yeah, well, it sucks being younger than everyone else without being smaller than everyone too. Makes one pretty easy pickings.”“But I bet you’re smarter than them all too.” An easy assumption for Steve to make; sixteen year-olds don’t get into college parties without being smart enough to regularly hang around some college kids.“That’s a lot of comfort when there’s a fist in your face.”Steve frowns. “Do you hit them back?” he asks.“Used to. Only injured my hand.”Steve laughs. “Same here. I don’t like bullies,” he says.Tony meets his eyes then and Steve feels like he’s being scrutinized. “I learned that it’s a lot easier to fight back with words. Then I can win. Even if they don’t know what the insults mean, they know they’re insults.”“Did that really save you lots of pain?”“No but it made me feel a lot better. A bruised face is better than a bruised face and a broken hand. At least I got the last laugh.”Tony’s still giving Steve a strange look, like he’s trying to figure him out.“My mom is a nurse,” Steve says, wondering what Tony’s looking at him like that for. “If you ever get beat up again you can come to me and I’ll fix you up.”Tony’s face brightens. “But how will I find you, Steve?” he asks, smiling flirtatiously. His whole demeanor changes from serious to flirty; suddenly his body language is extremely welcoming and every move is graceful and flowing. Even Tony’s expression is more…Steve would say open but that implies a certain amount of honesty and it looks more like Tony’s just slipped into a different, familiar role. He’d been right initially; Tony had been hitting on him. Steve’s not quite sure how being approached by a sixteen year-old sits with him.“Here,” he says, holding his hand out. “I’ll put my number in your phone.” He’s less sure how returning the flirting of a sixteen year-old sits with him.Tony hands over his phone, and Steve manages to figure out how to program his name and number into the contacts without too much difficulty. He’s never been great with technology, and Tony’s phone is clearly top of the line stuff.He’s rich, some part of Steve’s brain realizes. Things he knows about Tony: Rich and sixteen and smart.“Steve Rogers,” Tony reads aloud. “It’s nice to meet you.”“Do you live in the dorms?” Steve asks.“No, I have an apartment,” Tony says, giving Steve that funny look again. “I don’t actually go to this school.”“Oh. Why’re you here then?”“I have a friend who just got on the team,” Tony explains.“Are you here with him?” Steve asks. Maybe he’d been wrong earlier, and Tony just talks to people this way.Tony bursts out laughing. “No, no. Rhodey’s just my friend.“Oh,” Steve says, feeling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

