Work Text:
It was the only time of the year when the thought of being surrounded by zombies and Lady Gagas didn't make Tony want to hang himself. He hadn't hit the party scene much since the whole Avengers thing started, and had done even less of it since taking up with Steve Rogers, but a Halloween party among people who were this rich was not something to miss. The sound of voices and the clink of expensive glasses holding expensive alcohol filled the party venue, and the painted faces and masks all around were more like walking works of art than costumes. Still, no matter how impressive, or expensive, or intricate those costumes were, none of them were good enough for Tony to wear. Nothing but the absolute best would do – and Tony had it.23:02 Message from Steve Rogers:I don't suppose you know anything about where my uniform is? Well, Tony couldn't be expected to show up in some cheap rip-off version of Captain America's costume, could he? Tony hadn't exactly asked to borrow the costume, but since Steve would have said no and Tony would have done it anyway, he'd just saved them from having an extra argument about it. Right? It wasn't like Steve actually needed the costume right now, and Tony had even left Steve's precious shield behind (it would make balancing a drink difficult, and Steve might actually strangle him if he took it), so Steve should have been happy about that. Still, Tony could practically feel Steve's annoyance radiating through the text message. 'Don't worry. Doing it justice,' Tony typed back to him. It was the truth - the costume looked good on him. Tony wasn't as broad in the chest and shoulders as Steve, and the waist of the costume fit a little snugger than Tony was willing to admit, but he liked the way that the arc reactor sat behind the star on the chest, lighting it up in the center with a blue glow. Not to mention certain other assets were highlighted as well. "Damn, Tony," laughed Cheryl - Charlyne? Whatever her name was, she was the CEO of a noted tech company that Stark Industries had partnered with before, and she was dressed as Cleopatra, "I always thought that having a nice ass was one of Captain America's superpowers, but I guess that costume makes anyone look good!" Tony just winked at her as he passed. He didn't bother to stop and explain that not only did his ass look fantastic even without this costume (thank you very much), but the costume's owner also had one of the finest asses that Tony had ever laid eyes on (thank you very much). Tony never settled for anything but the best, after all. The bathroom was cool and quiet when Tony entered, a relief from the heady press of the rest of the party. Another text from Steve had arrived - this time it read, 'You better not have worn my uniform to that party'. Oops? Tony angled his phone at the mirror and posed, snapping a picture that perfectly captured both the curve of his ass and the glow of the star on his chest (the bathroom attendant was, thankfully, professional enough that he didn't even smirk at the ridiculous pose). Tony took a moment to admire the photo before he sent it off to Steve. He relieved himself, took his time washing his hands, chatted with the attendant, and left the man a generous tip before finally leaving the bathroom and checking his phone again. There were four new messages, all from Steve.23:05 Message from Steve Rogers: Come home now. 23:06 Message from Steve Rogers: I mean it, Tony. You'd better be on your way right now. 23:06 Message from Steve Rogers:Tony. 23:07 Message from Steve Rogers:Come home. Now. Okay, so Steve seemed a little angrier than Tony had expected. Now was probably the time that Tony should confess his crimes and grovel, but had Tony ever been known for his strong sense of self-preservation? 'Can't. I'm about to win the Costume Contest,' he wrote back instead. He grabbed a glass of wine off a passing waiter and headed back towards the crowds. Another message popped onto his phone before he could reach anyone. It was a picture message this time, and Tony stopped mid-step when he saw it, mouth going dry. The photo showed the front of Steve's tan khakis with the awful high waist and the awful pleats, and normally those grandpa pants drove Tony insane, but this time there was the distinct outline of Steve's hard cock pressing against the front of the fabric. Steve's hand lingered at the edge of the frame, fingers curled gently against his thigh, a teasing suggestion of what he was about to do, of what Tony could do... 'Come home now,' the attached message read. Tony swallowed. It took a few moments for Tony to remember that he was standing alone at a crowded party, staring at a photo of his boyfriend's hard dick and not doing anything about it. Suddenly Steve's earlier demands to get home right now seemed a lot more appealing, because Tony had interpreted that urgency all wrong. Apparently Steve liked seeing him all wrapped up in the Captain America uniform. Really liked it. And 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smut
Possessiveness
Costume Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

