Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"There has to be a safer way to do this," Cap said, staring at Strange's device with open distrust."It's our best choice," Strange said.Tony rolled his eyes, plopped himself into the chair. "Appreciate the concern, Cap, but out of everyone in this room, which one was at the time A) old enough and B) awake enough." He flashed a smirk, still couldn't find it in himself to inject the same kind of warmth into it that he might have a year or two ago. "Not to mention having access to almost endless resources and Howard Stark?"Cap snapped his mouth shut, but didn't look particularly happy about it. "We should've sent Fury," he said at last."Yeah, well, when we had that chance, we weren't desperate enough to try, were we?" Tony asked.Cap turned to Strange. "Can't you at least send him back a bit further?" He glanced at Tony. "You must've gone home for Thanksgiving."Strange tapped the stack of journals sitting on the table. "These are all we've got to go on," he said. "And they say Stark Senior's epiphany came on December seventeenth. At Thanksgiving, he wouldn't have had the answers we need. Any accidental changes Stark makes to the timeline might prevent his father from having that epiphany in the first place. The timing is tight, but it's our best bet."Tony flashed Cap a crooked smile. "I trust Aunt Peggy," he said. "How about you, Stevie Wonder?"Cap grit his teeth, looked ready to object again.Tony barely held back a snarl. "You're not worried about me at all, are you? You think I'm going to kill him. Fuck, probably think I'm going to use the command phrase to make him kill himself.""You hate him," Cap replied, something barely restrained right there in the back of his voice."Yeah, well," Tony said. "You know my reasons. But I won't. I promised her.""And you've never broken your promises," Cap said.Tony squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, mostly so he wouldn't end up accidentally breaking his hand on Cap's jaw. "Who paid for the army of lawyers that got the charges dismissed?""And yet he's still in prison," Cap said."For shit he did after he stopped being brainwashed," Tony said, forcing the words out through gritted teeth. This was going to become a screaming match for the ages within a few moments if he let it. So he didn't. Holding himself tightly in check, he turned to Strange. "Do it."Strange nodded. "Once you've done what you need to do, it'll take you back here." Then he was holding one of his amulets, chanting some spell or other, and Tony could practically feel his mind disconnecting from his body, could feel it being flung back, back. Fuck, he fucking hated magic.

***
Slamming back into his body hurt worse than fighting the Hulk. He reached up, grabbed his head and held on tight, tried as hard as he could to make his skull stop feeling like it was about to explode. Somewhere on the other side of the room, something moved. Someone breathed. Tony yelped in alarm, and fuck if that didn't feel like it was splitting his skull apart all over again. He twisted around, tried to get a look at the intruder, except the bed was fucking tiny, and he went crashing to the floor, legs tangled up in his own sheets.A bedside light turned on. "Tony, what the fuck?" groaned a voice that sounded suspiciously like Rhodey's. "Are you kidding me? What's your damage, dude?" A pause, and then the good old exasperated Rhodey voice. "How much did you have to drink last night?"Well, fuck, this did feel like pretty much the worst hangover ever, and that light had to be some kind of laser, the way it was cutting open his eyeballs. "Rhodey, what are you doing in my bedroom?" Tony groaned."Our dorm room. You're wiggin' out, dude," Rhodey said, and okay, yeah, that sounded like an introduction to thankfully extinct bad eighties slang, which was-- Fuck. Strange's little trick had actually worked, what the hell?"Rhodey, what date is it?" Tony asked, squeezing his eyes into his temples, and God, was that-- Oh hell, that was the fucking mullet he'd spent the past thirty years trying to suppress every memory - and photo - of."Fuck'n A, Tones." Rhodey sat up on his own tiny bed, rubbed the back of his hand over his slitted eyes. "Are you all right? Did someone slip you something?""No," Tony said quickly. "No, I'm good. I've just got a headache like you wouldn't believe. You." He frowned, looked up at the Playboy calendar hanging in its place of honor on the wall. 1987, indeed. "I just remembered I've got a paper to hand in, and I couldn't figure out if. Today or tomorrow?""It's Wednesday," Rhodey said. He blinked. "Well, I guess since it's way past midnight, it's actually Thursday. The seventeenth."Tony squeezed his eyes shut. The crazy bastard had actually done it. He let out a long breath, pulled himself up off the floor and collapsed back down onto the frankly rather uncomfortable bed. "When's the alarm?" he asked."Eight," Rhodey said. "Go to sleep, Tones. You might be able to run a whole day on fumes, but we 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel
80s
Feels
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Canon-Typical Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Aunt Peggy
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Idiots in Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

