Work Text:
“Don’t want it,” Tony cries out, and Steve soothes him with a hand over his abdomen, stroking as he lies on his side. He just brushed his teeth and put on his jammies, ‘cause his daddy said to.“Feel how hard your tummy is, baby boy,” Steve says. “That can’t feel very good. Do you have a tummy ache?”Tony is still for a moment, then nods. “Yes, Daddy.”“Okay, maybe an enema is too much, then,” Steve says, sounding conciliatory, and Tony is relieved. It’s embarrassing to have his daddy put the tube deep inside his bottom, and the warm water makes his tummy feel too full, though Daddy rubs it, and that feels nice. And sometimes while he holds it in with his legs open like that, Daddy pinches his nipples ‘til they get hard and touches him until he makes a big mess, but Daddy never minds cleaning him up. He’s the best daddy ever, and if he did say Tony needed an enema, that would be okay, especially if the other things can happen this time too, and if Daddy puts him on his lap and plays horsie with him on the big chair, which Tony likes because Daddy is really strong. Daddy likes Tony nice and clean inside for that.Tony loves Saturdays, because he doesn’t have to go to school and this Daddy doesn’t disappear and lock himself away and tell him to go play by himself. He spends all day playing with Tony. When Tony was little for real, no grownups wanted to play with him, even though he had really great trains and things and was good at games. Daddy Steve will play trains and read him stories and do other special stuff too, stuff that Tony told him he likes. Sometimes Daddy draws him pictures of whatever he wants. This morning Daddy took him to Coney Island and they had the whole park all to themselves.But now he doesn’t feel too good. He had a lot of cotton candy and stuff and went on rides. Daddy scolded him a little because he says Tony won’t get big muscles like him if he eats too much junk, but Tony saw him eat it too, so there.Steve presses on Tony’s hip. “Roll over on your back, sweetie,” Steve says, and Tony does, watching with big eyes as Steve goes over to the dresser and returns with a light blue quilted bag in his hands.“Daddy,” Tony whines. “I don’t need a diaper. I’m a big boy.”“I know, Tony,” Steve says gently. “You’re a big boy, and you don’t usually need a diaper, but tonight I say you do.”Tony pouts, but Steve holds back a smile when he obligingly lifts his bottom so Steve can pull down his pajamas and his red big boy briefs, and then splays his legs wide open on the bed. Steve kneels between them, and urges him to lift his bottom again so he can get the white disposable diaper underneath. Steve pauses then, and Tony jiggles his hips.“For a little boy with a tummy-ache, you sure are a wiggly little monkey,” Steve says, and Tony stops being so wiggly, because he can be good for his daddy.“Sorry, Daddy,” he says.“Now hold your knees up for me, Tony,” Steve says. “No, open those legs wider.”  Tony holds his knees as wide apart as he can, and Steve reaches down and spreads his cheeks open, making Tony flinch before he feels a fingertip coated with cream breach him quickly and then something else slip inside. “Cold, Daddy! What’s that?”“Thermometer,” Steve says. “Need to see if you have a fever.” Steve has one hand on the lubed glass implement and the other holding Tony’s cheeks wide open. He pushes the thermometer in deeper, then turns it.Tony bites his lip. This is new. “That feels funny, Daddy,” he says.“I bet it does,” Steve says with a chuckle. “It’s just a little glass tube, but your little hole is so tight you must feel it whenever I do this, huh?” Steve twists the thermometer again, and Tony lets out a squeak. “You sure felt that, Tony,” he says, and Tony nods.A few minutes later, urging Tony not to wriggle all the while, Steve pulls the thermometer out slowly, and checks the temperature. “You’re running a little fever, but it’s not too high,” he says. He rummages in the bag again and Tony can hear the rustle of a packet. “No Tony, you need to hold your legs up like the big boy you say you are or I’ll put you in your baby sling and strap them open so I can take good care of you.”“Okay, Daddy,” Tony says agreeably, spreading wide. He can be a big boy. Steve drops his head lower, and Tony feels something else at his entry. “Daddy...?” Tony whimpers.“What’s that? Feels so big.”“Just my finger,” Steve says. “I need to put a suppository inside you, but let’s stretch you and get your little hole slick first, so it goes in nice and easy.”“What’s a ‘pository?” Tony asks, alarmed, and Steve pats his inner thigh.“Medicine for your tummy, okay?”“‘Kay,” Tony shrugs. He can be brave, but his sphincter tightens when Steve pushes something solid inside. “Is that the ‘pository?” Tony asks.“Uh huh,” Steve says, and Tony bucks a little when Steve’s lubed finger chases it in, then stays inside him. “I have to hold it in with my finger for a few minutes so you don’t push it right out of that tight bottom of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Play
Medical Kink
Daddy Kink
Enemas
Fingerfucking
Diapers
Object Insertion
No Scat
Daddy Issues
Consensual Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

