Chapter 1: A Black Tie Event Nobody Likes
    




Chapter Text
Rhodey could tell you the exact moment his best friend died.It was right before Natasha Romanov showed the first sign of emotion ever and just after Captain Steven Rogers snarled at Tony - "Was it worth it?!"If Tony had gotten a chance to answer, Rhodey knows what it would have been.
"It never is, Cap."
The blood was darker than the thoughts the soldier had at that moment. And there was so much of it. Crimson, corrupted and clotting blood everywhere. He had tried so hard, so fucking hard, to stem it. To stop Tony from closing his goddamn eyes. To push away the swarming Agents from blocking out any air supply. So hard and all for nothing. Because all James Rhodes had right now was a military uniform and a private funeral at hand. And no more best friend."James?" the soft voice from behind startled him but not enough to pull a gun. Pepper didn't flinch an inch, probably used to knee-jerk reflexes from dangerously frustrated people. Like Tony. Nope, not going there."Hey, Potts" he saw Pepper smile a bit at the surname usage. Both of them couldn't use the names they usually did to call each other. She hadn't called him Rhodey and he couldn't bring it in him to call her Pepper. It was just an unspoken agreement, to try not to scratch at the tender wound, because they knew that the old names made them remember when Tony called them that. He tried to force a smile because he could see that the smart woman in front of him was not here as the CEO of Stark Industries. She was here as a broken best friend of the man they were going to bury. "You ready to go?" the sobered redhead asked, hands unconsciously clenching and relaxing. Rhodey knew that habit. He had seen her do it countless times whenever Tony took a careless dive into some death trap.He had to get this under control. He had to stop taking everything back to.. No, stopping right now."Yeah, let's go"The door's soft click echoed in the empty room where a blue-lit arc reactor sat on Rhodey's bed.-------------------"You've got to be kidding me""I'm sorry Colonel, but you have to understand-""What I have to understand is none of your damn business, Wilson.""Now, Rhodey, you can't be an ass.."The punch was pure rage and adrenaline. So maybe he was off target a little bit and he wasn't really aiming for the eye, but he wasn't complaining."It's Colonel Rhodes to you and get the hell out of my face before I beat your ass with your damn quiver"Barton had quick reflex and was about inches away from returning the favor but Natasha shot him a look and the archer settled for a sneer before storming away. Behind Rhodey, he could sense Pepper edge closer, posture rigid and hands clenched. He didn't want to create a scene damn it! He simply wanted meet the reason his best friend was dead. He could see the so-called Team Cap looking edgy and suspicious, each one sticking to a corner of the room. But there was no reason to fear anymore. No reason for them to suspect Rhodey because Rhodey didn't have any more reason to fight them.He had seen the end of the line and now he had no urge to begin again."Look," he started again, trampling down any spark of fury he felt looking at the people in the remote room "it's over. There's nothing either you lot or I can do about it anymore. There's no more war, no more strategies, no more waiting for the next punch. You think we're shitting you and waiting for some secret army? Fine, I don't give a damn what you think. But I'm not letting this whole thing go to ruin because of your stupid insecurities. You're all grown ass supposed heroes and you can take out me and the fucking army with your power. I know that, you know that. Iron Man is dead. Tony Stark, your main rival, is dead and General Ross is done too. I'm not gonna apologize for anything we..I did. We did some shit, you did some shit too. But it's all over now."Rhodey took a breath to continue. He needed to get this out. He needed to finish this thing, once and for all. For Tony."I just want to talk to the man who had a bullet with his name" he continued in a calm tone " The guy who wanted a war before he could get over his 70 odd year obsession and try to discuss his problems. I need to understand why I had to bury a man who didn't need to die today, despite the fact that he tried to do something good for the people Captain America was supposed to protect. I'm gonna end what he started and that is gonna happen only when I meet Captain Steve Rogers. So I'm asking you for the last time, where is he?""I'm right here, Rhodes" Standing behind him was a weary but determined looking Steve Rogers. It wasn't Captain America, the righteous man. It was just a kid from Brooklyn. The blond hair was unkempt, skin paler than normal, eyes rimmed red and sporting scratch marks on the forehead. He wasn't wearing the home colors anymore. He looked like he didn't know what home was anymore. The crumpled plaid shirt and worn out jeans didn't
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
pre James Bucky Barnes/James Rhodey Rhodes

freeform: 
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Heavy Angst
Eventual Happy Ending
Temporary Character Death
Self-Harm
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Protective Bucky Barnes
Estrangement
Broken Families
Past Relationship(s)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Natasha Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Avengers Feels
Team Bonding
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Natasha Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Superheroes Need To Use Words
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Slow Build
People Are Like Onions
They Have Layers
Bruce Banner Is So Done
Rhodey Is Not A Sidekick
Thor Is Not Stupid
Bucky Is More Than Just Steve's Best Friend
Natasha Does Not Give A Shit
Clint Is Not Always Funny
everybody makes mistakes
The World Is Not Black And White
The Author Regrets Nothing
Tagging sucks

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
pre James Bucky Barnes/James Rhodey Rhodes

