Work Text:
 “Get on the bed, you dirty little bitch. Don’t get up, or Daddy’s going to make you sorry,” Tony growled as he grabbed Steve by his soft, messy hair and shoved him face down onto the bed.“Yes, Daddy…” Steve whimpered as the genius walked over to the dresser, opened the third drawer and pulled out a few items.He swiftly walked back to the bed and neatly laid out each item until they were in a neat, straight row.“Tell me what’s laid out in front of you,” the brunette commanded as he stood intimidatingly in front of the bed, waiting for his plaything to answer.“Uh, there’s a…” Steve’s voice trailed off quietly as his face turned beet red in humiliation and embarrassment.“What’s that? I can’t hear you. Now answer me, bitch!” Tony demanded as he walked over to the side of the bed, got on to the mattress and straddled Steve’s back.Tony pulled Steve’s head up with his left hand and slapped his lover in the face with the other. Steve winced a little when Tony’s rough, calloused hands made contact with the soft flesh on his face. He knew he had to give Daddy what he wanted, but the blonde still had a difficult time naming off sexual items. Steve would do anything to make his Master happy, but he still was not quite ready to allow himself to fully embrace his submissive role.“Still not going to talk? I’m going to have to get your collar, I know how much you hate it, but when you act like a little cunt and start to act up I need to put you in your place,” the genius said sharply into Steve’s left ear before he reached over the super-soldier and grabbed the collar from the neat row of toys that were lying in front of them.The collar was made of black leather and the words “Stark’s bitch” were emblazoned in bright red letters on the front. There were small snaps on the back to connect the two sides of the collar together, and the inside of the collar was lined with a softer material so as not to cause Steve too much discomfort. Tony quickly put it around his lover’s neck, snapped it in the back and grabbed a small silver chain leash from the row of toys and clipped it on the back of the collar. He gave the chain a rough tug, causing Steve to let out an unintended gasp from the pressure on his throat.“Now, tell Daddy everything that is placed in front of you, slut!” Tony snarled as he yanked the leash even harder, causing the blonde’s head to snap up.“There’s a… A bottle of lube, your black belt, and…” Steve’s eyes squeezed shut in embarrassment and shame, hoping that his master would not be too disappointed that he could not name the last item.“Come on, bitch, tell me what you see!” Tony snapped as he pulled the chain back and smacked Steve in the face again with as much force as he could muster.“I’m sorry, Master! Please don’t hurt me, I’ll be good!” the blonde cried out as he wriggled underneath Tony’s body.“Shut the fuck up, slut! Now you’re going to tell me what that is, or I’m going to fuck you in the ass completely dry,” the genius hissed into Steve’s ear before biting his earlobe hard enough to leave marks.“They’re anal beads…” Steve whispered as he felt heat rise from his chest to his face, exacerbating his already flush cheeks from the previous humiliation.“I can’t hear you. Say it louder, whore,” Tony commanded as he continued to nibble on the super-soldier’s earlobe, though a little gentler than before.“It’s a set of anal beads, master!” the super-soldier cried out before the genius pulled on the leash one more time and held it taught, choking Steve for several seconds.“Good boy. Now I want you to put your face down into the bed and bring your ass up. Sluts shouldn’t have nice, tight assholes… And by the end of tonight you’re going to be the most used up whore this side of Manhattan,” the genius said with a devilish grin before getting off of his partner’s back to retrieve the beads.Steve slowly positioned himself and watched as Tony snatched up the dark red, medium-sized anal beads and lube from the row of toys. He loved the feeling of the beads inside of him, and his cock twitched in anticipation as he felt one slicked finger push inside his body. The genius found the sweet spot inside of Steve and stroked it, causing the larger man to moan loudly.“You like that, bitch? Well I’ve got more for you, my precious whore,” Tony stated as he quickly removed his finger and shoved the first bead into Steve’s barely prepped asshole.“Y-yes Daddy, I love it,” Steve groaned as his lover pushed the three anal beads inside of him at an deliberately slow pace, giving the super-soldier a chance to adjust to the feeling of  being filled up.“Now come here and put my dick in your mouth, you filthy little cock slut,” the genius commanded as he lay down on the bed and gently rested his head on a white pillow.“Yes sir,” Steve answered sheepishly as he crawled over to Tony until his head was directly in front of his partner’s thick, painfully hard cock.“I know you can’t get enough of my dick in your mouth, but I can’t l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
Dirty Talk
bottom!Steve
Dom!Tony
sub!Steve
Verbal Humiliation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

