Work Text:


...


When we happen upon a technology such as stem cell regenerative therapy,
we experience hope. But we also immediately ask how natural this technology
is. And so we are caught between two huge and unconscious forces: Our deepest
hope as humans lies in technology; but our deepest trust lies in nature. These forces
are like tectonic plates grinding inexorably into each other in one long, slow collision.
 

—W. Brian Arthur, The Nature of Technology








1.

"Can artificers even be chaotic evil?""Of course we can, we're flexible that way, especially after a couple rounds of mead flavored with the blood of innocents." Tony picks up a die, rolls it around in his hands a few times, and then places it carefully in DUM-E's three fingers. "All right, Dummy, make Daddy proud."DUM-E drops the die straight to the floor. It comes up with a two and Tony curses, demands a second roll, but when Bruce just gives him a flat look over the top of his glasses from the other side of the workshop Tony grudgingly writes it in."Wait, you're using Wisdom as a dump stat?""Who needs it when you've got legs like this? I'm a half-elf chick named Elq'uerex, but you can call me Lady Candi."Bruce peers at the character sheet done up in bright blues and greens with JARVIS' holograms, the name lit in yellow. "Are you trying to make up an Elvish dialect or just mashing the keyboard?""I don't know, let me check my English-to-oh-wait-I-don't-speak-the-fucking-language dictionary. Anyway this is a fantasy game about dragons and people who sometimes find themselves in dungeons, what matters is that there's at least one apostrophe and an abundance of Es and awkward letters. This is how names work in the fantasy genre. Your turn, Sesame Street."While Bruce rolls dice to determine his future, Tony goes back to the three-dimensional armor schematics that stand taller than he does, flicking his fingers to move pieces around, to zoom in on the circuitry in the helmet (should replace some of those connections with silicon, what was he thinking before, except that that wouldn't quite...) and then zoom out. He thinks about head size and then brain size and then, huh, maybe he should try incorporating sodium. Sodium's great for the human brain, well, it's actually pretty necessary –"Dwarf, chaotic neutral," Bruce announces. "At least our characters will be able to function in a group.""Can you imagine playing with Cap? He'd probably end up a lawful good paladin with a sword of divine light and unicorns," because if you listen to everyone else then Steve Rogers is practically the Second Coming, a saint with a talent for finding exactly the weakest point in your armor. One of the reasons Tony has always made a point of not listening to everyone else. Nothing good ever comes from listening to everyone else."I'd be more concerned about Clint.""What's up with Robin Hood?" Tony asks distractedly."He's not the type to miss anything on a mission. Imagine what it'd be like trying to Bluff him.""Well, that's not creepy at all." Note to self: increase security around vents, find and eliminate blind corners. Come to think of it, the guy might appreciate a smaller quiver, something less conspicuously-sticking-over-his-shoulder. "JARVIS, new entry for the Badassery folder: miniaturized quiver. Somehow. Make sure it's all on my personal server, I don't need Fury getting his paws on it.""Entry added, sir.""She also speaks Infernal, because I said so. And now, inventory. I want a warship.""Tony, we're starting the campaign in a barren mountain region.""I'll hire some locals to pull it along on a rope.""You do realize your character isn't a billionaire, right?""Use some imagination, darling. I'll promise them starting shares in my future alchemy corporation, get them in on the ground floor, and watch the enterprise take off. Don't look at me like that. Why are you looking at me like that?"But Bruce is also smiling a little, so another step in the ongoing mission of Keeping Bruce from Thinking About His Issues is accomplished. Plus-five Awesome. "By the way, I'd like to announce that JARVIS' seventh birthday is coming up less than two months from now. My little baby's growing up. I might even shed a tear.""Congratulations, JARVIS," Bruce says dutifully. "I'd offer to get you a present, but I have a feeling that a gift certificate to Best Buy isn't going to cut it.""Thank you, Dr. Banner," says JARVIS solemnly. "It's the thought that counts, after all.""I wonder what counts as AI porn?" Tony wonders out loud. "Shoving a plug into a socket? Siri and her filthy little dirty-talk?""Perhaps a gift certificate to Best Buy would be appropriate after all," says JARVIS, and Bruce actually laughs.

…
Stark Tower. Status: 75% repaired. Regular occupants: three.New York City. Status: 38% reconstruction complete. Casualties: still uncertain. Alien tech: loads, most of it in SHIELD custody, which means Tony gets to steal some and Fury acts like that hadn't been his plan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Extremis
First Time
Political Extremism
Past Abuse
Transhumanism
Cap-Iron Man Big Bang

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

