Chapter 1



Notes:
Thank you so much for joining me for Part II of “Permission to Surrender!”  (If you missed that story, I suggest going back and taking a look, since this second story probably won’t make much sense without it.  The summary is a flashback to that story...)  I’m so happy to be writing this and so very pleased and touched to hear that other people have been enjoying it too.  Thank you!  In re: this chapter, just a few words:   I started “Permission to Surrender” with Steve far along in the process of self-acceptance as a gay man and a submissive.  For him to reach that point took a lot of courage and hard work, but it wasn’t the story I set out to tell.  That said, even when one is far along the road of self-acceptance, some things remain very challenging and emotionally difficult.This chapter is dedicated to my friend, A---, who recently came out to her parents.  I’m so happy for you, love.  (Her girlfriend will now be spending Christmas with them at the Parsonage.  Yay! All is well.)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Steve’s heart was pounding, the urgent tattoo of fight or flight.  “Thanks for coming,” Steve began awkwardly.  “It isn’t mission related.  I just, there’s something I need to tell you all.”  His voice sounded calm, but he was pretty sure his smile looked strained.  Natasha and Clint were eerily poker-faced, Thor openly curious, and Bruce was smiling.  (Huh?)  They sat in a row on Tony’s absurdly long couch looking up while Steve hovered.  He forced himself to sit down in an armchair across. “Aren’t we gonna wait for Tony?” Clint asked, glancing at the door.(Shit.  Am I blushing?)“Er, no.  He already knows.”  Steve took a deep breath.  (Start over.)“I need to tell you something. I probably should have told you sooner.  It’s not that I don’t trust you, it’s just something I’ve had to struggle with.”(Thinking of another man—always nameless, faceless-- hand around his cock in the dark, coming with a rush of shame. . . . It’s sick!  You’re sick!  Don’t think about anyone you know—don’t insult their friendship. . .)Steve clenched his fists and forced himself to lift his eyes from the carpet.(Curled up in an armchair in the Tower, catching up on world history, reading about “gay rights” . . .  It had felt as remote and unreal as Asgard. . . )Steve shook himself and focused on the present.  (There’s nothing wrong with me.  *Nothing* wrong with me.  Nothing wrong with *us.*)  He took a deep breath.  (These are my friends.)“I hope that . . .” Steve continued, rubbing the back of his neck, “No, I *trust* that what I’m about to tell you, won’t change how you think of me, as a friend or as a commander.” “This isn’t a conversation we could have had when I was a soldier . . . before, but a lot has changed since then, so I want you to know that--”  (Shit, shit, shit.)  It was hard to breathe.  “That--”  Bruce was doing some sort of smile-frown thing, and the others looked concerned.  Nasty, cruel words from the past were closing in on him, crowding out what he wanted to say.(Deep breaths. )“Hey, Steve?  Babe, you didn’t tell me where we’re going, so I don’t—“ Tony wandered into the living room.  He was freshly showered, wearing a tank top and slacks, and he had three shirts, two jackets and a tie laid over his arm.  He took in the sight of the Avengers sitting seriously on the long couch.  Tony took a step back.  “Uh. Sorry.”  He glanced at Steve, then looked worried and said softly,  “Thought you’d be done.  Wish you’d let me, ah—” Tony cut himself off uneasily.(I know.  I should have let you be here.  I meant to be done.  I couldn’t.  I panicked.  I’m sorry I’m late.  I--)Steve glanced at the clock.  Then blinked.  Then stared.  (I’m not late?)“Tony, it’s six forty-five.”  Tony blinked.  “Yeah.  You said to be ready at seven, and I didn’t know what to wear.”  “Tony, you’re *early.*”  Steve stared.(You didn’t forget!  You always forget.  I was going to drag you out of the workshop and push you into the shower at ten after.  And I was okay with that!)Tony huffed.  “Well if *this* is the reaction I get for punctuality, it won’t happen again.”  “Oh my God!”  Clint cried. “You’re dating Tony!”  Steve’s stomach lurched and his attention snapped back to the Avengers on the couch: Clint’s mouth was hanging open; Bruce was grinning at him; Thor looked wildly hopeful but uncertain; and Natasha’s lips had twitched up just slightly and was there perhaps a soft look in her eyes?  Tony came over and laid a hand on Steve’s shoulder.  (This wasn’t going according to plan, but then, what did?)  Steve nodded and smiled at his team.  The panic was receding.  He reached up to rest his hand on Tony’s.“Um, well, first I was trying to tell you that I’m gay, then that Tony and I are together, but I seem to do everything out of order.”  Tony leaned down and kissed him on the cheek.  (Oh my God.  In front of the team!)  Steve blushed, but it thrilled him.  (Not
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BDSM
D/s
Romance
Virginity
Safe Sane and Consensual
prompt: loving dom
Dirty Talk
past homophobia
Bondage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

