Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Anyone who knows Agent Coulson knows three things.1. He is incapable of saying no when presented with dessert of any kind.
2. He’s got a collection of antique Captain America memorabilia that could make even the most manly of men drop to their knees and cry like a little girl.
3. He’s a bona fide ex-military badass, and can and will end you at any time, for anything.That isn’t to say that Agent Coulson’s entire personality revolves around those three things, or that those three things somehow make the man, because that’s not true at all. Coulson is also extremely private, so the fact of the matter is, the reason people know about the dessert and the Cap crap and all the rest is because Phil has let it become general knowledge. It’ll take Clint an embarrassing amount of time before he figures out the difference. Clint learns about the pastry thing the first time he meets the man. Alright, that’s a lie, Clint was bleeding the first time they met, but it counts because it’s in the same general time frame. He’d been bleeding because he’d had the shit beaten out of him, and then on top of everything he’d been shot. It’s only later, drugged to his eyeballs while a gruff, balding doctor roots around in his chest with a pair of glorified pliers, that he’d learn Coulson’s aim is so good he can shoot someone in the meaty part of the shoulder without damaging anything. Actually, it’d be number 5 on the list, but the only person currently employed at SHIELD who’s had the misfortune of being on the opposite side of Coulson’s piece is Clint. He spends two weeks handcuffed to a bedrail, a solid month at the tender mercies of the rehab team, and then he’s escorted to Coulson’s office by the ex Navy Seal who’d been part of the team who’d snatched him to begin with. (He’d carried Clint, master marksman and all-around scrappy fighter, into their G-Man van by the back of his shirt not unlike one might carry a screeching, furious kitten. Not a good day. Clint would later learn that his name is Dave, he’s got three kids, a grandbaby, and makes a mean peppercorn steak. Also, the only time Clint ever sees Dave get his ass handed to him is when they’re ankle-deep in New Mexico rain, trying to stop a Swede hopped up on righteous fury from reaching what no one is calling Excalihammer.)Coulson takes him down to the commissary which is just matter-of-fact insulting, because Coulson taking him for food means he doesn’t see him as a threat. He is so a threat, and the part of him that’s sulking like a kid wants to prove it, wants to swipe a gun or a knife or something and do threatening fucking things with it just to see what will happen.He’s putting together his plan, a really good one thank you very much, when Coulson slaps a tray down in front of him hard enough to make the cutlery sing. “Food.”“I’m not hungry,” Clint says. The food they’ve got looks like pretty standard cafeteria fare – there’s just so much of it. They could have fed the carnies for two weeks with this spread, and it smells so good his stomach growls.“Uh huh,” Coulson says, and pushes him in front.They’re serving some kind of beef square thing, and though Clint is pretty sure he’s never had beef square thing he takes two helpings of it. There’s mashed potatoes, and green beans, and other stuff that Clint isn’t sure he can identify, but now that there’s food he can’t actually stop himself from asking for a little bit of everything. Coulson doesn’t even mind when Clint commandeers part of his tray for a second plate, but that’s probably because once they’re through the line they stop in front of a counter covered in what must be every dessert in creation. There’s what looks like wedding cake, and every kind of cookie imaginable -- the ones with the chunks of chocolate look like they belong in a magazine they’re so fucking gorgeous. There’s flaky, golden pie, and custard, and a soft-serve machine that blurts out ropes of icy-cold creamy goodness. Clint’s brain goes temporarily offline, and somehow, by the time they finally sit down, they’ve got a third tray.Coulson talks, but Clint can’t actually pay attention when there’s this much food in front of him. He can’t help it, and he knows he’s probably going to make himself sick, but it doesn’t stop him from eating what must be his body weight in beef square thing and potatoes. It feels a little like the first few weeks with the circus, when he and Charlie hadn’t been able to stop shoving food in their mouths.At some point, once his stomach begins to feel pleasantly full, he realizes that Coulson hasn’t actually touched his supper. In fact, he’s made his way steadily through four of Clint’s desserts, and is working on a piece of peach cobbler that makes Clint hate him a little. “Sweet tooth?” “Something like that,” Coulson replies. “Good?”It’s the best beef square thing he’s ever had. “It’s alright.”It’ll take Clint another six months to figure out that Coulson’s expression, which looks like an abo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
First Time
Past Abuse
Clint was in the circus and everyone always forgets
BFFs
Fanboy Phil Coulson
BAMF Phil
Jasper Sitwell's ridiculous holiday sweaters
Idiots in Love
crawling through the vents like you do
Pre-Avengers Movie
Let’s all ignore the Marvel Universe Timeline shall we?
Violence
Mild D/s
Explicit Language
seriously Clint has a potty mouth
Angst
SHIELD Husbands
Marriage
Explicit Sexual Content
Fix-It
Murder
Attempted Murder
Grief/Mourning
Suicidal Thoughts
Mind Control

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

