Work Text:
-----"Steve. Bucky. Get off of me." Tony Stark, self-proclaimed genius, billionaire, no-longer a playboy but still a philanthropist, was currently being snuggled and/or crushed in between his two Brooklyn boys. Normally, this would be fine, desired even, but currently he had a jet waiting for him and urgent business to attend to across Europe and Asia. And it seemed as though his boys were trying to keep him planted firmly in the US by sheer force of will and their hella unfair physical advantage. Now, he tried his best to handle his business from home for this very reason. He didn't like being separated either. But every once in a while he had clients who preferred face-to-face interaction when talking business and he couldn't exactly tell Pepper to pass on a multi-billion dollar deal because he would miss his boyfriends. She would castrate him, and he liked having that part firmly attached (and he was certain that Steve and Bucky did also). So here he was, fighting relentlessly (and failing utterly, to his dismay) to wrench himself from between the two octopi that he called lovers. "I am dead serious, you two. I'm already running late, and if I don't get up this instant, I will not make it in time for my first round of negotiations in London." Steve seemed to realize that he was fighting a ridiculous battle, and without his partner-in-crime, Bucky seemed to lose steam as well. They both flopped onto their backs, and Tony took advantage of their cease-fire to scramble out of bed before they changed their mind and he wound up smothered in poorly timed love and affection again. He really did feel a little bad for just flying away like this, especially since the blow up that had happened a few weeks prior, but they had to understand that he had to do what he had to do. He was sure they understood that.-----They didn't understand that. He was currently checking his bag to make sure everything was present and chatting with Pepper ("Yes, Pep, I am on my way. No, Pep, this not my fault."), and shoving his boyfriend's (Bucky's) face away every time it tried to worm itself between him and the phone. Clint was laughing at his struggles because he was an annoying asswipe, and Natasha just raised a judgmental eyebrow over the rim of her coffee mug. Tony decided to go with Plan B since Plan A wasn't effective, and the next time Bucky's face made an appearance, he jammed the heel of his expensive shoe into his socked foot. He really didn't want to do that, but he was starting to get real sick of their shit. He wasn't going to run off and never return. It was two weeks. They had gone on missions damn near twice as long as that, with far less communication. So he just shouldered his carry-on, hung up on Pepper, and turned to scold his lovers. This was a decidedly bad plan, because Steve had perfected the wounded puppy look, and Tony was a sucker for that look. Combined with Bucky's pouting rogue face (as he rubbed his abused foot, damn, he felt bad about that), the gravitational pull was almost to strong to ignore. But he would not miss this conference. "It's two weeks, guys. If that. I'm sure you'll live.""We just want to be sure you're safe, sweetie-""Yeah. Hey, maybe-""No." Bucky's pout deepened. "You didn't even know what I was going to say.""You were going to suggest that you accompany me. And I am telling you no.""Why not?""Seriously, Steve? You are supposed to be the reasonable one. You know why not." And Steve did. As much as he wanted to stick to Tony's side, he couldn't just up and leave his team for no reason. Bucky knew that too, but after the incident that had them literally clutching at Tony's boots, neither of them really wanted to feel that empty feeling that having one of their lovers absent made. Tony's eyes softened, and he walked up to squeeze them both. "Look. I'll be fine. It's only two weeks. I have access to my suit at all times, and I'll be back in Manhattan lickity-split if some power-crazed egomaniac tries to conquer the world again. I'll call you when I land." With that, a kiss in either cheek, and a whispered "love you, sol, love you, luna", Tony was off, thanking Happy as he climbed into the car.-----Steve and Bucky were absolutely insufferable nowadays. Steve was still ever-reliant, completing his tasks as leader unflinchingly, but he still sulked when he had nothing to occupy his time. Thanks to Tony, he had opened up about his feelings more, to both him and the team, but it sort of back-fired when what he was feeling was a petulant grouchiness. And Bucky was silently on-edge, as if he had taken a step back in time to a few months prior when he still didn't trust anyone worth a damn. Steve was able to ward off most of the negativity, but he wasn't as fluent in Italian as Tony, and his singing voice, sadly, left a lot to be desired compared to his. So instead of trying to do a rendering of Tony's lullabies (and failing miserably), all he could do was whisper reassurances that he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
I Don't Even Know
adorable idiots
Protective Steve
Protective Bucky Barnes
Grouchy babies
kind of sad
But still hella fluffy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

