Chapter 1: George Washington, Federalist (1789)
    




Chapter Text
In his free time, Steve had begun to develop a working theory of the Starbucks misnaming system. The hypothesis he was working on, as the dark-haired server handed him his order, was that there must be some underlying conspiracy behind the seemingly random misspellings. The evidence was right there on the cup, scrawled in green marker pen; there was no way anyone could genuinely have thought his name was “Stove”.These days Steve had too much free time.He checked his phone for texts as he settled in behind a corner table.            Nat:                 Are you joining the mission today?            Steve:              Might as well, got nothing better to do            Nat:                 :)            Nat:                 Do you want something better to do?Steve rolled his eyes and took a gulp of too-hot coffee.
Pretend you’re not in pain don’t make a fool of yourself in a Starbucks you’re Captain America for god’s sake.
It was only after it had seared a path down his throat that he decided texting Nat might be a better alternative to drinking coffee.            Nat:                 Or someone better to do?            Steve:              I’M NOT A SPINSTER NATMaybe he shouldn’t have come out to her, but after a few months of her sporadic interest in setting him up with an exciting variety of women whose names Steve mostly knew, it had been satisfying to say he was bi and watch her backtrack over months of entrenched assumption. She was still the only one who knew.Now he was starting to regret it.            Nat:                 Okay but            Nat:                 [picture downloaded]Dammit. He knew the face, of course. Matthew or Johnathan or someone. From accounts. He was certainly cute – Steve privately thought that freckles on dark skin was cheating and unfair and possibly illegal – but he didn’t know anything about him, not even his name (which might have been Andrew, now he came to think of it). Same as all the rest.            Steve:              No            Nat:                 Why not? Connor’s a nice guyConnor. Close enough.            Steve:              I’ve said about two words to him            Steve:              It’s different when I’m not asking them out, y’know?            Steve:              I meanThe difference was that asking someone out was an opportunity to get to know them better; being set up was an obligation to.            Steve:              nvmSteve made to take another large gulp before remembering just in time. Instead he sipped gingerly at the coffee while waiting for the next text. It was good, and it always tasted better when he drank it in the store, with the warm, rich smell of coffee beans and sugary syrup hanging in this cookie cutter café.            Nat:                 Well have you tried idk actually asking someone out?            Nat:                 What about her?            Steve:              Who?‘Excuse me sir, is this yours?’Steve started. The voice belonged to a green apron wearing a waitress in her late twenties. The first thing Steve noticed was the heavy black lines edging a pair of monolid eyes. The second was the set of elaborate twists and braids tugging the straight black hair from her face. One hand placed a tray of used mugs on the table while the other gestured with a battered black journal.            Nat:                 HerHer nametag said “Opal”.‘Uh, no. It must have been here when I sat down.’Opal smiled, and Steve’s internal monologue kicked in in earnest.
Ask her out. She’s pretty and Nat will be happy and she’s probably nice. She seems nice, and she works at Starbucks so she’ll be able to tell you the secret of the Starbucks misnaming conspiracy.
Opal had opened the inside cover and said ‘It’s got an address in it.’
But maybe she gets asked out a lot at work and is sick of it.
‘I can take it.’ Steve offered.She was still smiling. She had a nice smile, ‘Oh, I can’t ask you to do that.’
And if she rejects me I can never come into this Starbucks again.
‘It’s fine,’ he assured her, trying for a charming smile but not quite feeling he achieved it, ‘I have a free afternoon before I have to go into work. I may as well.’
Am I talking about myself too much? Or am I being a coward by convincing myself not to ask her out?
‘Well, if you’re sure. It’s a Brooklyn address.’
Ask her out. You’ve fought Nazis you can ask a waitress out. It’s not that hard just do it.
‘It’ll be fine.’ he said instead, and she nodded slightly and got back to work.Idiot.His phone buzzed again, obnoxiously.            Nat:                 Good job            Steve:              Shut up            Steve:              Just because I’m bi doesn’t mean I’m into everyone I meetHe’d nearly finished his drink before another thought occurred to him.            Steve:              And stop spying on meThere was a name and address printed delicately on the inside cover, with the neat handwriting that Steve had lear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Modern Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Pansexual Bucky Barnes
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Artist Steve Rogers
History Nerd Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

