Work Text:
Bucky Barnes was not having a good morning.It had little to do with the lack of coffee in his apartment or the button that clattered noisily onto his hardwood floor when he put on his favorite jacket that morning, though both of these things were definitely contributing factors. No, the real reason for his disgruntled demeanor on this chilly October day was currently playing its last seconds on the screen of his iPhone.The screen faded to black and then refreshed to a still shot of a man with blonde hair and a small, sad-looking smile; Steve Rogers, the alter ego of Captain America. In the middle of Rogers’s face was a symbol giving Bucky the option to replay the video; an option that he had no desire to choose. Above the video block was its title: Man Behind the Mask.Bucky gritted his teeth, forcing himself to breathe in time with the sway of the cord to his earbuds which, in turn, moved to the beat of his footsteps as he trudged to the nearest Starbucks. He’d been looking forward to this interview for a month -- an entire fucking month -- and in the end, this was what he’d been given.A clusterfuck. Start to finish, an absolute clusterfuck.Rogers wasn’t the problem. He’d been gracious and patient, gamely answering every absurd question that was thrown his way. And that, really, was the crux of Bucky’s ire. The entire interview had been shockingly and overwhelmingly shallow. It was vain and trivial and nothing like at all like an interview featuring a man of Steve’s background should be. Nothing like the interview he’d hoped for.The problem, really, was that Captain Rogers did not give interviews. The man was as reclusive as a public figure masquerading as a star-spangled superhero could be.Since he’d been taken out of the ice five years ago, Rogers had only allowed himself to be questioned during press conferences held in the aftermath of a global event involving the Avengers. He’d never agreed to an actual interview before and he’d certainly never allowed anyone to question him about himself rather than the latest catastrophe.There was no explanation for why he decided to break his silent streak but break it, he did. Bucky had foolishly hoped that this would be the first of many. After the trainwreck he just witnessed, though? Well. He had a very distinct feeling that somewhere, Steve Rogers was probably regretting his life choices. This was the first and it was also probably the last.That was what upset Bucky the most. He’d never get another chance to hear Steve’s opinion on more than just this month’s celebrity gossip.Needlessly to say, Bucky had lost all respect for a certain media outlet because of this mess. His phone began to rang just as he was contemplating the merits of tweeting nasty things to their official account when his phone rang, temporarily taking the decision away from him.The first thing Bucky heard as the line connected was Sam Wilson’s laughter. There was no need to ask why.“You seen it yet?” Sam asked gleefully. The grin in his voice was overwhelmingly smug and for good reason. After all, they both knew the answer to that question.“I don’t want to talk about it,” Bucky said as he flung open the door to Starbucks.The line, by some kind of miracle, wasn’t actually all that long and Bucky was happy to take his place behind just three other people. The man in front of him was tall and broad-shouldered, wearing a dark baseball cap and a t-shirt that was far too tight, showing off defined muscles. He was hunched in on himself, as if trying to make himself smaller, more invisible, and Bucky spared a moment to feel sorry for the poor guy. Anyone that tall and that muscular was not going unnoticed, no matter how hard they tried.In front of that man was another, sandy-haired man and a red-headed woman.The redhead was much smaller than the surrounding people, dressed in dark, stylish clothing, but it was her posture that drew Bucky’s attention. She was rigid, alert, body coiled to strike at any moment. She tried very hard to blend in and seem normal, but to Bucky’s instincts, everything about her screamed dangerous. He felt immediately on edge, his metal arm whirring quietly as he clenched his gloved left hand into a fist.Stuffing his hand into his pocket, he allowed his fingers to curl around the knife he had hidden there, and took in a slow, deep breath.In, he thought and then exhaled. Out.Just like his therapist taught him.The sandy-haired man was behind her, wearing a pair of sunglasses. He kept looking back at the man in front of Bucky and grinning before leaning forward to talk to the redhead; the three of them must’ve known each other. This second man was, Bucky thought, deceptively carefree. Seemingly oblivious to his surroundings and relaxed, easy-going, but there was something about him - something that Bucky couldn’t quite name - that told him this man was formidable, too. Perhaps not quite as much as the redhead, but close.“Come on, man.” Sam’s cajoling voice in his ear b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Meet-Cute
Starbucks
Shy Steve Rogers
Awkward Flirting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

