Work Text:
He wasn’t snooping. He wasn’t. He respects Steve’s privacy and would never do something as intrusive as rifle through his mail or take a covert peek at his texts. It was innocent. There was a lost sock, a dark recess under the bed, some sleepy, post-coital fumbling while Steve showered and Bucky tried to pull himself together enough to get to class on time. Bucky wasn’t looking for Steve’s porn stash, but there it was in all it’s soiled, wrinkle-paged glory, and who was he to look a gift horse in the mouth (or away from a naked dude’s crotch)?Point is, Bucky’s intentions were entirely honorable when he knelt down, ass in the air, goods dangling, to search for the scattered pieces of his wardrobe, and that is what counts. That he proceeded down a somewhat murkier path—shady even—perusing what was clearly tucked away and definitely not his to peruse, is entirely due the shock of discovering Steve’s somewhat unconventional tastes. Not his fault, Bucky would say with (nearly) unflappable conviction. Once he registered the gift he’d been given, the delightful frivolity of Steve’s secret kink, a battalion of naked sandy-haired lawyers couldn’t have prompted Bucky to drop those filthy magazines and forget he’d ever seen them.So he looked. He paged through image after image, heart beating faster with each turn, cock twitching with surprising interest, ears attuned to the hush of Steve’s shower coming to an end. What he saw, what opened his eyes to a world of unknown possibility, was simply this:Men in panties.Skinny twinks, plump Joes, beefy brick houses—all sorts of men, every color and size, in scraps of lace and satin and silk. Muscular thighs adorned in delicate black garters, happy little cocks wrapped in pink polka dots, firm round asses hugged by fabric so sheer and dainty you might rip it just by looking.And though he was only newly aware of his attraction to men, and that attraction had thus far only extended to Steve, there was something so enticingly taboo about the images that they overflowed the narrow vessel of Bucky’s sensibilities labeled “wrong” and spilled into a glorious pool of “right”. Like everything Steve had taught him the past few months, this too was a unexpected revelation.Did Steve like looking at boys this way? Or did Steve want to be one of those boys? Considering it was porn mags Bucky had found and not actual frilly undergarments, Bucky suspected it was the former. He imagined it for himself, wondered how it might feel to be dressed like that, covered in a tiny slip of silk, strutting around in something delicate and pretty … praised as someone delicate and pretty. Breath ragged, sweaty palms crushing pages, he discovered he liked it. He really, really liked it.He made his decision then, forming a strategy and considering who he might enlist for help. (Because he was definitely going to need help.) Peter was out, for reasons of “Dude, I don’t care what you do with my brother in bed, but I don’t want to fucking know about it.” Nat would be the most knowledgeable, but she’d also laugh her ass off, and Bucky had a strict policy about not providing her with anymore blackmail material than she’d already gathered. Sam would mock him for sure, but his natural empathy would kick in and eventually lead to his assistance. So Sam it was. Bucky jotted off a text and arranged to meet downtown after his classes were through.Once a plan was in place, Bucky knew he couldn’t let Steve see him; his face would give it away, a red beacon of desire (and yes, maybe a bit of delicious shame). So he shoved the secret gift he’d stumbled on back into it’s hiding place and booked it out of Steve’s apartment as fast as he could.“Running late!” he shouted through the door to the bathroom as he pulled on a hoodie and slid into his shoes. “Gonna head out. See you tonight!”How Steve might have interpreted his sudden exit was a mystery as Bucky strode into the brisk air of a new world.…Apparently Sam was an expert in women’s underwear. He was also an asshole and hadn’t stopped mocking him with that gap-toothed grin since the moment Bucky approached him with the request—hushed words stuttered out over coffee—but the man knew the difference between bikinis, briefs, and boy shorts, and that was enough for Bucky. Sam took the lead, heading through the afternoon bustle toward garland-draped storefronts.“We’re not doing Victoria’s Secret,” he said, shutting down Bucky’s initial suggestion. “They make cheap, overpriced shit, and they show no love for the larger ladies.”Bucky agreed to do whatever Sam thought was best, even as a twinge of self-doubt rolled through him. “You think I’m too big to fit?” he said, examining his hips critically. “I thought I was average.”“You’re a skinny white boy with a tight little ass—you’d fit into anything in that place just fine." Sam huffed. "It’s the principle of the thing. I’m taking you to a boutique I know. A place that respects all women, where you can find something that wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
natasha romanoff/sam wilson (implied)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sugar Daddy
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - No Powers
holiday fic
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
gentle dom!Steve
baby sub!Bucky
Light BDSM
Praise Kink
Panty Kink
Blow Jobs
Spanking
Rimming
Anal Sex
Safe Sane and Consensual
Bucky wears panties for Steve
That's it
that's the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
natasha romanoff/sam wilson (implied)

