Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



 
 The only sound Bucky could hear was the loud, rapid beating of his own heart, drowning out the soft hum of the spaceship around him. He tried to maintain his calm — now was not the time to panic — but, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't seem to keep his breaths even. His gaze was fixed on the computer screen in front of him, his fingers flying over the dimly lit controls.He only had about four minutes before an operator would catch wind of what he was doing — six at the most.Bucky knew there was no going back from this. The moment he had locked himself in the cramped control room and sat down in front of the terminal, his fate was sealed.It was now or never.Logging in to the network had been easy, his fingers remembering the username and password even if he had never used them before. Finding the files was a little harder, but only because Bucky wasn't entirely sure what he was looking for. He needed information — anything that would help the Alliance to eradicate HYDRA once and for all — but there were so many folders to sift through.It surprised him that there were no safeguards for him to get past — no hidden alarms or other passwords required aside from the one he had already typed in. Bucky had full access to HYDRA's entire database, either because his account's security clearance was high enough to override them all, or because HYDRA had never considered the possibility of an inside threat.Bucky was fairly certain it was the latter.As far as HYDRA knew, their soldiers were perfectly obedient — mindless puppets meant only to follow orders.All but one.Bucky grit his teeth and began transferring files to the portable drive he had hooked up to the computer. HYDRA would be aware of his betrayal soon enough, even if they probably wouldn't know how or why he had done it. Bucky's memory of the past couple of years was patchy at best, but he knew for a fact that the Winter Soldier had never defied orders before, let alone broken into the network in order to steal sensitive information. That would never even have been an option, had Bucky not been able to wrestle back control over his body.As if sensing his thoughts, the presence at the back of Bucky's mind stirred. Bucky still wasn't entirely sure what it was — he had no name for the sentient, parasitic life form now living inside his head — but he knew it came from the virus HYDRA injected into everyone they captured, be they soldiers or civilians.Bucky had been taken at the tail end of the war, wounded and delirious, and HYDRA had wasted no time before they started the process of rebuilding him. First came the virus, which had burned like ice through his veins and erased everything that he used to be, creating something else in its stead. Then they had given him the arm, made out of cold, ruthless metal that shifted and whirred as he moved. And then, somewhere along the way, that other presence had taken over, pushing Bucky to the deepest, darkest corners of his own mind, helpless and weak.It had taken years — more than Bucky wished to count — before he had regained control.Unfortunately, the presence had remained even after that — like a monster lurking in the shadows, just waiting for a chance to strike. It haunted him day and night, always watching — always keen to exploit his weaknesses.The only reasons why Bucky hadn't given in yet were Steve and his need for redemption. Bucky couldn't even remember everything he had done over the past couple of years — the missions HYDRA had sent the Winter Soldier on and the number of people who had been killed by Bucky's hand — but he knew he had to repent. He knew he had to do something to stop HYDRA before the threat grew to become as big as it had been at the time of the war.No one even knew that HYDRA still existed, since people believed they had gone extinct after the end of the war. No one would see them coming unless Bucky was able to find enough information to expose them — to help the Alliance defeat them once and for all.Bucky kept looking through folders and directories, copying those he thought would be useful, all while trying to ignore the presence at the back of his head. It disapproved of what he was doing. Bucky couldn't say how he knew or why the creature even had emotions, but he had decided not to acknowledge it.He was just about to consider himself done — Bucky had to leave as soon as possible, before any alarms were tripped — that he saw a gathering of files that made his heart stop cold in his chest. Bucky's eyes widened in horror as he scrolled through the list, breath stuck in his throat and a lump of dread settling in his stomach.It couldn't be.Bucky swallowed and quickly transferred the entire folder, forcing his hands to stop shaking. He didn't have time to break down.While Bucky had only been looking for intel that might help them in the future, he had found somethi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Space Opera
Science Fiction
Canon-Typical Violence
Brainwashing
Mind Control
Torture
Involuntary Medical Procedures
Panic Attack
PTSD
The usual Winter Soldier tags
Discussions of Suicide
Multiple Personalities
HYDRA is an ideology spread through a parasitic brain virus
Someone please give Bucky a hug
And Tony too while you're at it
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Happy Ending
But it will take a while before we get there

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

