Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"What's your name?" Tony asked the woman leaning on his car, as he left the Expo. "Marshall," she said, smiling faintly."Irish, nice," he replied. "Who's your friend?" he continued, nodding at the blond man hovering somewhat nervously behind her. He looked like maybe he was a fan. "This? This is Cap," she replied."You two come as a set?" Tony asked, hitching his hip against the driver's door. "Not that I mind, I just need to know if I should double the breakfast order." "Nah. He's going with you," she said, and served him papers, which was cute."Ah," he said, as Happy took the papers and he climbed into the car. "You're here to make sure I attend?" he asked 'Cap'. "There are certain interested parties who want to make sure you don't," Cap said mysteriously. "I'm here to make sure those parties are...thwarted."Tony gave him a grin. "I know I have a reputation for being irresponsible but even I don't ignore Congress. Much," he added, truthfully. "But I'm not a taxi, so, I'll see you there," he added, gunned the engine, and pulled away.Cap moved faster than Tony thought was possible; he caught up to the car in two huge bounds as Tony was still flooring it, got a grip on the corner of the backseat of a speeding convertible, and vaulted inside. Happy reacted because he knew Tony couldn't; braking now would pitch the kid out of the car, and looking away from the road was a recipe for disaster. Tony kept driving as Happy turned and drew his sidearm. "You'll find I'm a determined man, Mr. Stark," Cap said, which was unbearably hot. Tony slowed to a manageable speed as Happy relaxed. "Well, it looks like you're in for four hundred miles of determination," Tony replied. "You got a name aside from Cap, or should I just call you Skippy?"That got him a smile in the rear-view mirror. "Roger. Roger Stevens.""Oh my God, really?" Tony made a face. "And you see why they call me Cap," Cap said. "Marines?" "Army. Ex-special forces.""And now you work for…?" Tony prompted.Cap smiled. "Other interested parties." "Hey boss," Happy said, because Happy was the best and knew where this was going. "Pep's on her way to DC but she's taking the jet. If you drop me at the airstrip I can beat you there, get security set up at the hotel."Tony turned towards the airstrip just outside the Expo. "I want a penthouse suite -- where do I stash my suits in DC?" he asked. "Suite wherever they've got snappy clothes for me. Get the in-house tailor on call too, I've bulked up a little since the last time I testified before the Senate."Happy smiled. Stop showing off for the arm candy, boss. "You got it," he said, as the car pulled to a stop in front of the airstrip. "See you in DC.""Fly safe," Tony said. Happy climbed out, and Cap climbed over the bench and into the front seat. He took out a phone in a tough rubberized case and began poking at it with a single index finger. "Candy Crush?" Tony asked."Reporting in," Cap replied. "That phone's a piece of shit.""It's a learner," Cap said. "I've been out of country for a few years. The things a phone can do now," he added, with an oddly wistful expression. "Anyway, I'm gonna ask for a better one, I saw the new StarkPhone. They let me go to the Expo before we served papers," he added, by explanation. "Saw your speech, too. Nice tribute to your dad.""Sure," Tony sighed. "I like your armor," Cap added. Tony's hands relaxed a little on the wheel. "That's some cherry ride you got, those wings of yours." "Cherry ride? What are you, ninety?" Tony asked. "Sometimes I feel that way," Cap admitted. "Well, let's see if we can't get you aged back down," Tony replied, and laid on the speed. The backseat of the roadster was roomy, and he had four hundred miles to get the twitchy, weary, mischievous man in the seat beside him into it; should be a fun challenge. ***"So," Tony said, once they were on the freeway headed towards DC. He figured they'd pull in right around the time Ben's Chili Bowl was closing, and if they were lucky they could snag a couple of half-smokes and some chili. "How long have you been back in-country?""About three months," Cap said, head tilted back, apparently enjoying the breeze. "Wow, you are fresh out," Tony said. "Enjoying being home?""I guess. I was gone a long time, a lot changed.""You know what I missed most when I was in Afghanistan?" Tony said. "Hot dogs. Oh my god, I would have given a finger for a grilled American hot dog. I mean, my life, all the shit I have and do, and that's what I wanted. Weird the things you miss.""I don't really like to talk about it," Cap said. He still had his head tilted back, eyes closed, but his fingers were tense on his thighs. "Were you POW?" Tony asked, and then winced. Not the way to smooth-talk a man into a night of roadside passion. "No. I had a buddy who was, I'm…grateful it wasn't that, at least," Cap replied. "I hear you were. I know it's hard.""Yeah, well, you make do," Tony said, realizing he didn't really want to talk abo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Fast Cars
Sex in a Car
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Iron Man 2

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

