Chapter 1



        Chapter by cooper_west




Chapter Text
Steve turned 15 and graduated high school in 1933, ten years after his mother died, three years after the Great Depression started and the same year Prohibition was repealed. In retrospect, 1933 would be called the darkest year of the Depression, when 1 in 4 people were out of work and thousands were homeless. The only thing that had been holding the Depression at bay in Brooklyn was the black market booze trade, which was run by gangsters and the corrupt cops but was a very prosperous business, given that the whole world’s economy was in pieces.Bucky had been a runner for one of the speakeasies, and on Steve’s birthday in July the repeal of Prohibition was still five months away so Bucky had money to spend.“Taking you someplace special, Steve.” Bucky grinned, hands in his pockets as they walked towards the waterfront.Steve knew what Bucky had in mind. His best friend was smart and clever but he didn’t have a poker face to save his life. He’d been grinning like a fiend since his own birthday three months earlier, when Bucky’s uncle Martin had taken Bucky to a brothel. Steve figured it was his turn, because Bucky hated it when Steve wasn’t on the same page with him. They had been that way since Bucky had hit a ball through Steve’s open window onto his sickbed when they were six: Bucky forging ahead, clearing the path and helping Steve to catch up. About the only things Steve did better than Bucky were math and art. Definitely not girls.“I don’t know, Buck.”“You’re as healthy as you ever get, you’re fifteen, you graduated high school. I’m taking care of you, Steve.” Bucky wrapped his arm around Steve as they walked, brothers-in-arms. Steve ignored the knot in his stomach from feeling Bucky’s protective strength holding him close. He wasn’t a girl, he wasn’t a fairy, and he didn’t want to feel that way.The brothel was called a hotel and it was small. Bucky charmed his way in, dragging Steve behind him. Looking at the girls all dressed like gangsters’ molls, Steve was mortally afraid that he would never get hard again. Every dame in the place was bigger than he was, and while he was used to being a small guy, it wasn’t something he wanted pointed out to him right then.Mostly, he didn’t want to let Bucky down.The girls played up to Bucky, of course, who was gangly and uncoordinated but still more man than Steve ever hoped to be, and twice as handsome. Steve felt uncomfortable choosing a girl for himself, because he was never going to not be uncomfortable around dames, so he got the soft, curvy brunette Bucky pointed at (because he knew how much Steve “appreciated” Clara Bow).Steve knew all about sex, because growing up in Brooklyn put him in tight quarters with a lot of other people, especially since his mother died and he lived with four of his cousins in two rooms at a boarding house. Sex was simply a part of life, although admittedly one people tried to keep out of sight. Still, it was not an unknown, so the strangest part of the whole thing was getting undressed for it. The girl was named Eunice, and she was pretty, but more importantly she did not laugh at him. He made a stuttering explanation about his health but she shook her head and then held his face in her soft, delicate hands.“You’re very pretty,” she said, and Steve tensed up.“I’m not a fairy.”“No, you’re not, are you?” She smiled knowingly at his manhood, which was making itself known due to the close proximity of Eunice’s bare breasts. Still smiling, she took him to bed. It was amazing, just as incredible as Bucky had promised. Eunice was soft but strong under him, letting him touch her with his fingers and laughing when he asked to look at her, although she wasn’t at all convinced that it was because he was an artist and simply wanted to know. She finally grabbed his dick and stroked it until Steve crumbled into her slick, wet heat and learned how different it was to be held instead of handling himself. Steve swore out loud as he climaxed, thinking about Bucky and trying not to think too much about that afterward.Eunice propped herself up on one elbow as Steve rolled out of bed. “But you are pretty.”“I told you. I’m normal, okay?” He frowned at her as he put on his pants.She leaned forward, whispering. “You said his name.”Steve stalled, panicking, because he thought he had managed not to do that. He got called a fairy all the time because of how small he was, but he was no pansy or flaming queer, he was a guy, and he always fought back when someone poked at him. It did not really change what he wanted, though. One word from Eunice and Steve’s entire world would be destroyed, so Steve held his breath, waiting for her next move, figuring he could arrow out her window if it came time for a quick getaway.“They’re not all fairies, you know. Some some guys are just like you.” She narrowed her eyes and bit her lip, which started stirring Steve’s passions again so he went back to getting dressed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

freeform: 
Sexual Identity
First Time
Multiple First Times
Underage Sex
Backstory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

