Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony breathed deep as he slid down against the bark of a tree. His breath came out in white, warm puffs of air in the chill of the night. Soft orchestra music filtered out through the mansion’s windows.Tony tugged on the collar of his tux. He hated these parties so much. They were so boring. He much rather be home modifying his computer or working on the blueprints of his robot dog. Why his parents forced him along on these parties made no sense to him. No one at these parties was his age, and all the old people ignored him except for a few, and those few always pinched his cheeks or did something embarrassingly grandma-like.Tony rubbed his arm where his dad had grabbed him after he’d told his dad as much. He massaged the bruise he felt forming there and bit his bottom lip. The flesh was still tender.Tony glanced up shyly at the mansion, torn between what he wanted to do and what his brain was telling him he needed to do if he didn’t want to risk another bruise.His dad wouldn’t miss him for another two minutes, right?Tony hugged his knees to his chest, wallowing in self-pity and frustration at his predicament.A faint, high-pitched screech lured Tony’s attention to one of the mansion windows.Tony sucked in a sharp breath as a man with a metal arm and dressed in dark clothing climbed out of one of the windows and swung himself onto the roof. The man landed with the grace and poise of a large cat, his back facing Tony.The man glanced over his shoulders. The movement allowed Tony a quick glimpse of the man’s face. Tony could not perceive the man’s facial features from a distance, but he did see a black mask that covered the lower half of the man’s face.The man continued to survey the area with his back to Tony. He bowed his head and raised his hand to his ear.Images from spy movies played in Tony’s head, and Tony’s heartbeat skyrocketed with excitement and curiosity.A moment later, the man in black sprinted across the rooftop and jumped off the other side, disappearing into the darkness.It was the coolest thing Tony had ever seen. Or maybe the second coolest? That arm had looked pretty groovy. Tony’s fingers twitched with the need to dismantle and prod the arm until he knew all of its secrets.“Tony? Tony, are you out here?” Jarvis hollered.Tony cringed. “I’m here.”Jarvis hurried to Tony. His face was red from running and his hair was in slight disarray, but otherwise he looked as immaculate as ever. “Sir Tony, there you are. You had me quite worried when your mother noted your lack of presence.”Tony ducked his head between his shoulders. “My dad didn’t notice, did he?”Jarvis sighed. A sorrowful expression dragged down his face. “Your father made no comment, but I’m afraid he will notice your absence soon. Mr. Hampenstair is about to make an announcement.”Tony closed his eyes and for the briefest second wished he could stop time. He then forced himself to stand and follow Jarvis back to the party where he’d be forced to feel his life drain away every millisecond that passed.Later that night, Tony and all of the guests were surprised when a piercing scream interrupted Mr. Hampenstair’s speech.Mrs. Hampenstair had been found murdered in her bedroom.
It had been three hours since Mrs. Hampenstair’s body had been found, yet the police still refused to let any of the partygoers leave.Howard paced around the guest room Tony and Maria were in. Tony was seated on the bed with his mom. She rubbed soothing circles into Tony’s back. “Calm down, dear. They will all let us go in due time.”Howard swirled his scotch then downed half the glass. “’In due time?’ They should have let us go hours ago! Do they have no idea who I am? I fuckin’ built their guns.”“Honey, don’t exaggerate.”“You think without my contribution to weapons development they’d still have the guns they have now?”“No, dear, but—”“The police are just looking for information, right?” Tony piped up. He was terrified of his father’s anger, but he was more frightened of what happened when his parents fought. “What if we give them some?”Howard scoffed. “Unless you saw the murderer then there is nothing we can say, which is exactly why we should be allowed to go. Some of us actually do important things with our lives.”“I might have.” Tony sat up straighter. Excitement and realization raced like electricity through his veins. “I saw a man with a metal arm and dressed in black climb out from one of the windows and disappear.”Howard scowled. “What a wonderful imagination you have, Tony. Next time use it to create something useful and not some ridiculous story.”“But I did see a man!”Maria wrapped her arms around Tony and pulled him back. Tony hadn’t even realized that he had half lunged himself at his father.Howard sneered. “Feel free to tell the police your story then. I’d love to see how they’ll react.”“I will.” Tony nodded his head in determination.He was humiliated twenty minutes later when the officer assigned to question his family laughed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
POV Multiple
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 3
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hydra (Marvel)
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

