Chapter 1





Chapter Text
At one point in Tony's life, waking up blindfolded, tied to a chair, and stripped to his boxers would've meant fun, sexy things were about to happen. He's not that lucky now. He has just long enough to ascertain two more facts, that he's tied down with rope and his head is throbbing worse than it did the first time he got seriously drunk when he was thirteen, before fingers slide into his hair and cruelly wrench his head up. He yelps at the pain that shoots down his neck, arching his back to try and take some of the pressure off.
"Now, now, Mr. Stark. None of that." The voice is unfamiliar, but that doesn't mean much: there's tons of way to modify a voice. The grip on his hair tightens, pulling until his neck is aching just as bad as his head and Tony is stretched as far as he can go to alleviate the pain. Just when he thinks that his hair is going to come right off, the hand suddenly lets go. He slumps down in the chair, breathing hard, and the man laughs at him.
"So much for the great Iron Man, the amazing Tony Stark. You were pathetically easy to kidnap. Do you always pay such little attention to your surroundings, or is your security team really that anxious to get rid of you?"
"Fuck you," Tony slurs, closing his eyes. It doesn't make much difference because of the blindfold, but instinct has his eyes straining to focus in a way that's making him dizzy. "I'm not sure what you hope to gain from kidnapping me. Stark Industries won't pay whatever ransom you're planning to ask for, so you're out of luck."
"Maybe they won't, but the Avengers will."
It takes a worrying second for the words to process, but once they do Tony actually laughs. His head pounds, bands of pain wrapping around his temples, but he still spits out, "Oh my god, are you kidding me? That's why you kidnapped me? To get to the team? Sorry, you're barking up the wrong tree. I would say try again, except you'd probably - no, you know what, please do try again. Next time aim for the gorgeous redhead with the green eyes and the collection of knives up her sleeve. I'd love to see what happens when you -"
The man slaps him hard. Tony's head snaps to the side and his ears ring. Over the ringing, the man snaps, "Don't try to lie to me, Stark. I know what this means." He jabs Tony twice with the tip of a knife, once just over his heart and the other on his right shoulder blade. "You expect me to believe that Captain America and the Winter Soldier won't pay to get their soulmate back?"
The words make something in Tony's chest go cold. All amusement drains away, and he says flatly, "That doesn't mean anything. Never has, never will."
And there's too much to go into, not that he'd share his story of woe with this psychopath anyway. There's no point in explaining that Tony's been in love with Steve since he could walk, that Steve's name had formed on his heart when he was only eight years old and hasn't faded no matter how much he claimed to hate Captain America in the following years. Or that Bucky's name appeared, burning and sharp, on his back a scant year after Steve brought Bucky home to the tower and Tony made him smile for the first time.
Or that Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes have been in love for over a hundred years, and they're each other's soulmate. It's the kind of fabled love story that makes women and men alike swoon, because those two soldiers triumphed over everything to get back to each other. And that leaves Tony out in the cold, the idiot who went and fell in love with them both, the outsider who will never get what he wants the most.
"I just warned you not to lie to me." Another slap to the other side of his face, and Tony's beginning to wonder if this is going to leave him with whiplash. "The Avengers will pay to get their beloved teammate back."
"Yeah," Tony says. "They would, if you'd taken one of their beloved teammates. Instead, you got me. Newsflash. I'm the perpetual fuck-up of the group. I don't listen to orders. I'm not a team player. No one trusts me to have their backs. I'm just the guy who makes everyone look pretty and pays for all the damage we do. That's the only reason they keep me around, and guess what? My will means they all get lots of money, more than enough to keep them in upgrades and damages for years. Granted, their upgrades won’t be awesome, but against idiots like you my genius is clearly wasted.” He manages a smirk. “So this time you're the one who fucked up."
"You are Iron Man," the guy says, but he's sounding less convinced now.
“Ever heard of the Iron Patriot? They’ll love Rhodey, trust me. He’s all about following orders. He likes to think he stole a suit, but I had to give him a reason to keep coming around. I keep it up to date on purpose. And it’s not like Pepper will abandon the team. If she can put up with me for as long as she has, she can help them. It’ll be much easier for her to earn her paycheck that way… no pay is enough to put up with me.” His words are slowing do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Romantic Soulmates
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome - F/M/M
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Kidnapping
Torture
Miscommunication
Pining
Mutual Pining
Puppy Piles
Tony Stark Cuddles
tony stark is a special snowflake
he just doesn't know it
Cuddling
Hugging
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Polyamorous Soulmates
BAMF Bucky
BAMF Steve
damsel in distress tony
Fluff and Angst
Tony Feels
Team Feels
Team as Family
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Kissing
First Kiss
brooklyn boys being sweet
flustered Tony
Sleeping Together
Hurt Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

