Chapter 1: Darcy Does Some Digging
    




Chapter Text
“Excuse me, Ms. Lewis, but I would like to remind you that the music you are listening to is over 95 decibels. Which can cause hearing damage with prolonged exposure,” Jarvis spoke to the young woman, censure clear in his voice.Jarvis didn’t expect to be paid attention to. In fact, he was entirely unsurprised when she simply waved her hand in dismissal and continued staring at the almost wall-to-wall holo displays set up in Tony’s living room in the Tower.“Do you believe in love after love?!?” Darcy was shouting, off tune, to the thumping beat of Cher electronic remixes. She had already listened to the best of 2000’s Cher, and was working her way through it one more time. Her hair whipped back and forth, sometimes getting in her eyes but never for long, since she looked back and forth between the 8 holo displays currently flashing, numbers and symbols moving slowly past the screens. In the top left corner, there was a stream of music videos, blogs and her favorite twitter feeds. Just in case the work she was doing inspired her to have a clever tweet.It was currently 4:15 in the afternoon, in the beginning of March, and she had been up long before the sun rose at 6:24am that morning. If she had taken a moment to take a break from the frantic coding she was doing, she would have realized she had missed breakfast. And lunch.Thankfully, Jarvis had sent Dum-E to hand her hourly coffee or diet coke refills, along with meal-replacement protein smoothies that Tony preferred. (Though Jarvis had to replace the kale with spinach, and beets with oranges. Darcy and Tony were similar, but not that similar). Darcy’s manic sprees of inspiration, while not dissimilar to Bruce, Jane and Tony, were fewer and further between. For the most part, she was more of a slow and steady kind of girl.Still, she had her moments.Right then, that was one of her moments. She was elbow deep, metaphorically, in computer code she had made to weed in and out of Shield’s systems. Darcy he had embedded the Trojan program and secretly wrestled a server from within Shield almost two years ago. When Clint showed up at her doors to recuperate from more broken bones than she could count, and Coulson asked her to secure him access within Shield to everything related to Strike Team Delta, she had done as he had asked without reservation. To this day, she still doesn't know what prompted the request. She hasn't worked up the courage to ask.What Darcy had built before was the technological equivalent of a little rat. More specifically, it was an artificial intelligence with a comparable amount of intelligence as a rat. She set it loose in Shield to find specific cheeses, moving quietly inside the walls and holes of Shield’s information network, and bringing back the information to a secure information dumping site in a isolated server that she could access and review at her leisure. In order to be extra secure, the server containing the pilfered information was heavily fortified, and Darcy accessed it sparingly in order to reduce the chance of detection. It would only ever send an outgoing message if it registered somebody important to her had died.It had been incredibly slow going. Her initial coding was done slowly, over the course of months. Darcy had to poke, methodically, at restricted network after restricted network to make sure there weren’t any traps for her digital rat. It would be easy to break through their firewalls, Child’s play, she would think ungratefully. The real challenge was to do it without being detected.For the most part, Darcy had to content herself with recovering fragmented data, using timestamps and drawing conclusions between seemingly unconnected information gathered by her little rat. The only way she had been able to keep track of Coulson, Clint and Natasha, thus far, was because Coulson had her learn their call-signs, time frames of missions, asset numbers and report codes. Anything beyond them, unless it was directly in information she already had access to, was like trying to capture a single strand of smoke in a burning building.Expanding that to all of the Avengers was infinitely more complicated than her original work. A few weeks ago, when she first updated her rat to start seeking information on all of the Avengers, her program had followed a data trail it was hunting on Bruce but hit a wall. A wall that, with the little information the rat did find, she found out was a secure file storage that would cause the physical servers to literally explode if it was accessed without proper authorization. Thankfully, her program operated passively, not actively, so she didn’t trigger any defenses that would have revealed her presence.The further Darcy had started digging in order to learn how to make her program effective in tracking all Avengers related information, the more she discovered that there were redundancies upon redundancies inside Shield. She stumbled across
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson (background)
Jane Foster/Thor (background)

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis Is a Good Bro
Mostly a friendship fic
SHIELD
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Attempted Murder
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. References
Long Distance Slowish-Build (Steve and Darcy)

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson (background)
Jane Foster/Thor (background)

