Work Text:




This was the last safe moment: Steve lying on the bed, cramming his knees and elbows together awkwardly because neither the frame nor mattress had been made for someone his size. Or his species. The experience of trying to fit himself properly on the mattress was literally, he thought, out of this world.The air in his off-planet bedroom was cool to the point of being chilly, and he tugged the blankets over his chin, falling into an uneasy sleep after a long day of diplomatic negotiations. Through his puffy eyes, he could see the sky-shields glisten outside his window. It was so dark otherwise. No lampposts, no lights in upstairs conference halls. Just the city curfew, and Steve's exhaustion siren-singing him away from his own jumbled thoughts.He woke at one point, jerked abruptly by the sound of banging from his door. He swung into motion, sliding out of bed, but his movements felt more automatic than awake. He looked through the peephole and found it blurry, but he could see enough of his late night visitor to tell that it was Tony."Tony," Steve said tiredly when he opened the door, "what's the—"His voice escaped him. Tony looked every bit as exhausted as Steve, hair spiking everywhere, suit rumpled, sweat at his throat — but he was also covered in blood, soaked in it like someone had butchered a pig and he'd been standing right there, helping yank out the entrails. Steve grabbed him by the arm, let go, clenched his fingers, and then grabbed him again, pulling him inside the room and shutting the door. "What happened?" he asked. He knew how sharp he sounded, but that was how Steve dealt with unexpected situations. Take command, assess your options, make a decision."Steve," Tony said. There was blood on his cheek and on his lips, and where had it come from? Steve began scanning Tony's body, looking for wounds, but he couldn't find any with just a cursory examination. Tony's clothes were stained but intact. There weren't any rips and he couldn't see any wounds either. Tony was standing there without effort, gazing at him in a disturbingly steady way, the only sign of trouble being his eyes, which were fever-bright. "Hey Steve," Tony said again, and Steve wanted to tell him to stop mucking about and debrief already, but Tony smelled sour and metallic, and he was rubbing his hands over his eyes. The blood was still wet."Steve," Tony said for the third time. Steve looked at him, quiet and frustrated, waiting. Tony crooked forward, his body turning into a question mark, spilling its lines into the space between them. Tony opened his mouth and licked his tongue over his teeth, grinning madly."Marry me," he said.



 
 There was a t-shirt, somewhere, that said My Planet's Diplomats Took Me To Becknazy and All I Got Was This Lousy Proposal.It had happened, more or less, like this: there was a planet in a neighbouring galaxy, it was called Becknazy, and since they weren't sending maddened Chitauri to destroy nearly half of Manhattan, the U.N. had decided to be friends, if only to have allies the next time Loki got a little stir-crazy. Becknazy had made first contact, sending a few of their higher-ups to Earth, and now Earth was returning the favour.Becknazy had happened, more or less, like this: there had once been a prosperous empire covering nearly the entire planet — which might have seemed more impressive until you realized that 80% of Becknazy was water, and it had only one large, viable landmass. But the Becknazian Empire had been rich once, ruling in an era of sun-blessed gold and moonlit silver. Then an asteroid had hit the southern part of the continent, creating an environmental backlash called the Destruction that nearly destroyed the entire planet's ecosystem.When the U.N. delegation had first arrived on the planet, they'd seen the once-lush fields where crops had grown, had been driven through river valleys now dried and brown with dirt, the skeletons of fish poking through topsoil. The air smelled still and stale, and there was very little wind. The nights were cold but the days were impossibly hot, the humidity rising and rising as the delegation met in talks with the Becknazian ambassadors in Silence, which was the capital city of the Becknazy Empire.Those talks were going to get mighty awkward after this."Va Unda is dead," Ambassador Taliu said, his voice filtered through the electronic translators that they all wore hooked into their ears. Steve tried not to wince at his anger. The Becknazians were extremely human-looking, actually a bit Mediterranean in their features, having evolved from a climate that was a near match for some southern parts of Europe. But that made it only worse: he could actually read the ambassador's body language. Just like he could read Tony's, who was slumped in his chair in the briefing room, half asleep with exhaustion, half drooling onto the table.Steve kept trying to poke him. "Pay attention," he hissed, and then frowned because they hadn't let Tony take 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Marriage of Convenience

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

