Work Text:
Tony "rambled" in his sleep, something Steve frequently got dopey about but Bucky found slightly annoying -- Tony was as manic unconscious as he was during the day, fingers twitching as he dreamed, body restless. It was why Steve frequently got the middle, because Steve found it adorable and also slept like the dead, unmoving, deep and thorough, like he did everything. Bucky sometimes thought that while Tony said a threesome should be an equal partnership, Steve was the foundation, and Tony and himself were built on that. He didn't mind. It was still equal, he supposed, they were all just...different moving parts. 
Steve was dead to the world, which was understandable -- Bucky and Tony had given him a pretty thorough working-over as a welcome home. He'd spent two weeks doing what he called the Old Bond Monkey Dance, traveling the country meeting with various politicians and community representatives to try and build goodwill for the Avengers. He'd wanted to do it, but the timing could have been better, and the weariness clinging to him when he returned had ensured that he was the focus of their attention for the evening.
Tony was shifting and twitching in his sleep, now, making the odd snuffling noises that meant he was probably close to waking, and Bucky lay on the other side of Steve, head on Steve's chest, watching. He saw the moment when Tony's eyes opened, and he smiled as Tony curled further into Steve, mirroring his own position, head on Steve's pectoral.
"Can't sleep?" Tony asked quietly.
"Not really desperate to," Bucky replied. "Just enjoying the moment."
"Mark your calendars," Tony said. Bucky rolled his eyes. "You have to admit, you're not good at serenity."
"Are you honestly saying this to me?"
"Takes one to know one," Tony said, unperturbed. He rested a hand on Steve's bare stomach, the glow of the reactor throwing a long shadow across it. "Steve has a type."
"Sometimes I worry a little about that," Bucky admitted.
"Why? You're it."
"Yeah, but I don't have a type, not really. You do."
Tony frowned.
"Leggy blonds," Bucky said. 
"Are you...I'm sorry, are you worried I'm not into you?" Tony asked, sounding honestly confused. "Because, I mean, first, if it's you or me, he picks you -- "
"What, why would -- no, I don't -- " 
"Second, I don't sleep with people I'm not into, and third, I am the king of driving people away, so trust me, you will get tired of me way before I get tired of either of you."
It was like a tidal wave of insecurity, a tropical storm of all of Tony's issues pouring out at once, and Bucky just sort of clung to Steve and listened in bewildered horror. 
"I am kind of useless at providing intangible things like reassurance and stability," Tony continued, "and I am abrasive and insecure -- "
"No kidding!" Bucky blurted. "Jesus, Tony, where is this coming from?"
"A vaguely traumatic childhood and a history of being the smartest but also the most obnoxious man in the room," Tony said. 
Bucky was about to try and say something reassuring, and probably fail because emotions weren't really his thing, when Steve suddenly rolled over and slung one giant arm over Tony's chest, nosing into his neck. 
"You two could wake the dead with your weird issues," Steve mumbled, one of his legs swinging back to hook under Bucky's and tug him along. Bucky took the hint and crawled over him, settling in on Tony's other side, pinning what little Steve wasn't.
"I genuinely did not think you would need more therapy than the traumatized brainwashed assassin," Steve continued, "but as usual you just have to be the best at everything."
"I'm sort of enjoying not being the most messed up person in this relationship," Bucky added. He glanced at Steve, who was grinning at him. "We make a good team, Steve."
"Clearly he needs it," Steve replied. Tony was staring up at them both with wide, dark eyes. "Go back to sleep, Tony. I'm too stubborn to be driven off and Buck's too tactless to be offended by you."
Bucky curled around Tony as best he could, pleased that Steve's solution to the rambling-in-bed problem was to just hold the man down. Tony seemed pleased too; after a few anxious minutes, he relaxed muscle by muscle, and soon he was sleeping, more still than before.
"You do know how to pick 'em," Bucky said, when Tony was asleep.
"Shut up and sleep," Steve replied. "In the morning we're gonna have a talk about insecure brunets and my attraction to them."
***
Tony woke, feeling thick-headed and inexplicably embarrassed about something he couldn't identify, to the sensation of warmth at the nape of his neck. 
Half-lucid confusion gave way to recognition as Bucky's arm shifted against his bare stomach, the plates sliding seamlessly against each other, so well-engineered that even on the soft skin of his abdomen they never pinched. Bucky's breath against the back of his neck was hot, lips damp, and the pressure on Tony's skin was too intentional to be unconscious. Bucky's knees shifted, thighs pushing Tony's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
Insecurity
Relationship Negotiation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

