Work Text:
"You can't just bring someone along," Tony hisses, sneaking a look over Clint's shoulder at the red-haired girl curled up on one of the recliner chairs wearing a Chicks with Dice t-shirt.Tony had purchased an entire warehouse, converted it into apartments and moved his friends (Barton and Banner) and frenemies (Coulson) in so he didn't have to deal with this exact scenario."Don't have a heart attack, geez," Clint says, looking unrepentant. "You'll like Nat once you get to know her.""That'll be a first because I don't actually like anyone," Tony says, raising in eyebrow. "Especially you right now.""She's cool. She provides a dynamic which we're sorely lacking.""I'm cool.""You're a dick, actually. But that's okay because so am I.""Remind me again why I let you live here rent free?" Tony asks archly."She's into gaming but she hasn't had a regular group for years. She was really interested when I told her about your campaign. She's a little bit scary but in a nice way. Plus, it's always good to have a girl on the team at cons.""Are you implying that her gender will be advantageous when it comes to procuring gaming trophies?" Tony asks, then throws a hand out behind himself to the wall that is basically covered shelves of gaming trophies of all types. "It's because you don't like playing the girl characters, right?""Every game! I get stuck with being the chick in every game.""That's because you're the pretty one.""Please," Bruce huffs, scooting past them into the kitchen, talking around a sherbert straw he's chewing. "Everyone knows I'm the pretty one.""Everyone knows you're the deluded one," Clint throws at him and Tony rolls his eyes, then catches Natasha tossing something from hand to hand."That giant plushie D20 is not regulation!" he shrills."What's wrong with it?""It's got arms and legs.""Relax. We just picked it up from the bargain bin in the Tin Soldier when we were getting her real dice. I got a plushie Cthulhu and a plushie Ebola." Clint holds up something that looks like a fluffy brown worm with big cartoon eyes and bats Tony's nose with it."I'm still vexed.""Who uses that as a word in a real sentence?" Clint asks, shaking his head."Just let her play," Bruce interjects, bypassing them again, this time balancing a huge bowl of popcorn on top of a six pack of cola. "We've had a gap in our team since Steve left and I'm sick of the weird ringers we keep getting lumped with at cons.""We don't even know if she'll want to go conning with us or just wants to come to the Friday nights," Tony gripes, sensing he's losing which he never likes."She'll come," Clint says, grinning. "She was in when I told her our team name was The Drunken Dwarves.""Fine," Tony grits out between his teeth."Cool-""One caveat though. She does her own character sheet. I don't want Phil helping her. He's such a rules lawyer and he's always way too powerful. I don't want two of them."


Art by lutin
Tony works in a little coffee house called Bean Man and while some would think that was a waste of his brain, Tony likes to believe it's a valid life choice. Thanks to a hefty bank balance care of Howard Stark and Stark Industries which he is paid not to frequent, Tony doesn't necessarily have to work for a living.He just likes the routine.He also likes making the angry vein pop out in his boss' forehead because Fury by name, Fury by nature."You got time to lean, you got time for me to kick your ass!" Fury calls from the kitchen, spotting Tony using the counter to prop himself up in the lull between the before-work zombie rush and the mid-morning crazy eyes crowd."I don't think that's the saying," Tony calls back, smirks to himself when he actually hears Fury growl. The bell over the front door tinkles and Tony straightens, slumps again when he sees it's just Phil, looking harried but pristine as usual.No one actually knows what Phil does for a living. Tony would like to think that he puts a suit on everyday to panhandle but that's probably not the case."Coffee," Phil says. "I'll take it in an IV if you have one so it reaches my veins sooner.""Bad day?""I'm a misfiled report away from nuking the site from orbit." Phil nods, scowls when Tony dawdles over to the coffee machine. "Or a slow coffee," he amends and Tony throws him a yeah, yeah hand wave over his shoulder."Hold your horses. Hill called in sick so I'm dealing with everything on my own today." Tony has to grin to himself when Phil passes an incredulous gaze around the nearly empty shop, one booth taken by an elderly gentleman who's nursing a tea and doesn't look to be needing anything else for a few hours at least."Whenever I'm actually away from you I start thinking you're not as bad as all that, then I see you again and am reminded that you are."  Phil's the only one who actually pays Tony rent, his idea. Tony thinks it's just so he doesn't have anything to hold over Phil or stop the insults."Did you get the letter about the upcoming apartment inspection?" Tony asks mildly,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Roleplay
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
dice - Freeform
Cohabitation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

