Work Text:


.1.
It was more than a bit of a kick in the teeth to realize even after four decades of daddy issues, putting aside many of his more selfish qualities, and learning to work as a team and consider the thoughts and feelings of others, Tony was still a really shitty father. That was the only conclusion he could come to after less than three days in the company of his son: Jake Jensen. Tony hadn't exactly believed Jake’s claim at first, but after he found the kid snooping through his servers and basically making a mockery of his security and firewalls, Tony had to give the possibility some serious consideration. The fact that he looked pretty much exactly like Steve cinched the potential for the rest of his story to be true as well.Genetic testing had proven Jake Jensen's story pretty much beyond a shadow of a doubt. Tony and Steve had a time traveling, HYDRA genetic experiment for a son. In Tony's estimation that was cool, but also more than a little bit disturbing. Tony had taken the revelation about as well as he could have, and he had made every effort to try to not suck as a time traveling biological father. Jake had completely ignored his attempts at father-son bonding, however, and had made himself available as a training partner, twenty-first century stuff counselor, and all around awesome son... to Steve.Tony had many secrets, even from Pepper, and one of them was that he really, seriously, actively - in between rounds of super-heroing - thought about having kids. He didn't have any delusions that he would be a very attentive father - he had too many responsibilities for that - but he had thought that maybe he wouldn't suck at it. It wasn't surprising that Steve was the better dad, but that didn't make the confirmation pleasant."How old do you think he is, JARVIS?" Tony asked, glancing over at the monitor as he watched Steve and Jake play a very even round of basketball against each other."Based on x-ray analysis, Captain Jensen is approximately twenty-two years old; however, similar analysis on Captain Rogers estimates him only at twenty-five - even though he is chronologically nearing thirty - even after dismissing all of his time in the Arctic as a hard freeze rather than a cryogenic slowing of biological function," JARVIS answered, of course going for the purely logical response. "Non-invasive observation of Captain Rogers over the past year suggests that his rate of aging is slowed considerably by the serum; Captain Jensen may be similarly slowed, if not at quite the same rate.""So... he could be thirty or older." Tony pulled up Jake's file from the army, which also claimed him at around twenty-three years old - graduated MIT at 19 and commissioned into the Army just afterwards; like fathers like son. Everything up to the commissioning was obviously fabricated by Jake when he'd come to the past, but joining the Army and working up the ranks that the file said accounted for the last four years was clearly true. There was too much documentation for that to also be a lie. "So, I've been his father, in the future, for probably close to twenty-five years and he still runs to Cap straight off. Apparently I’m not so hot with this fatherhood thing.""Sir, every child has a favorite parent. It does not necessarily indicate a failing on the part of the unfavored parent. You have always admitted to favoring your father in spite of his emotional unavailability compared to your mother.""JARVIS, stop being reasonable. I'm sulking here.""Of course, Sir. I should have noticed before." JARVIS sounded completely amused, which wasn't fair, because Tony was trying to have a sulk. "Shall I put on a soundtrack more in keeping with your current mood?"Tony shot a death glare at one of the dozen cameras that made up JARVIS's eyes. "I don't get it. Maybe I suck in the future, but I even offered to take apart an engine with him. He's a geek, he went to MIT, how could he not think that was awesome?"JARVIS had thankfully taken his question as rhetorical and chosen not to answer; he wasn't really in the mood to hear how his overtures might have been considered failure.At least Jake had picked up some style from Tony rather than taking it all from Steve. His hair was cut short and spiky - gelled up in a way that Tony probably could have pulled off when he was that age - and of course he had the goatee that was pure Tony Stark, but that didn't make up for the sinking feeling that Jake just liked Steve more. It also didn't help that Steve was fairly conspicuously avoiding Tony. Not even the assurance from Jake that his conception had been strictly non-sexual seemed to take the hunted look out of Steve's eyes. Tony should have expected that, he supposed; the guy did come from the forties. That didn't mean being treated like he had the plague by his son and his baby daddy didn't hurt.Watching them do wind sprints back and forth across Steve's gym was probably just rubbing salt in the wound.Objectively he could see that J
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Time Travel
Surprise Family
Father-Son Relationship
Happy Ending
Angst
Internalized Homophobia
Alternate Universe - Canon
Character Death
Many Worlds Time Travel
Terrorism

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

