Work Text:
‘Twas two nights before Christmas, and all through the house Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse. But not all there were sleeping, as Darce could attest, For she’d slept on the airplane and needed no rest.
It was driving her nuts, but she made not a peep, For her Grandmother Lewis was famed for light sleep. But then all of a sudden, from out of the blue Her new phone started ringing (at top volume, too).
It was Tony Stark’s ringtone; who else could it be? No one else would be calling at quarter to three. “This had better be good, Stark, so start talking or—” “I just thought you should know that we’re all at your door.”
She ended the call and she pulled on her pants; She prepared to deliver some long-winded rants All about ‘showing up here at this time of night!’ But on opening the door— “You’ve all been in a fight!”
They stood there, all covered in bruises and cuts; Quite frankly, they looked like someone kicked their butts. She sighed, shook her head, pulled the door open wide. “Never mind; you can tell me once you come inside.”
One by one, they came in; Thor, she gave a big hug. “I have missed you, my sister.” “Me too, you great lug.” It was not until Tasha gave her a sly grin That she counted the people that she’d just let in.
She knew five of the group, but she’d not met the last; “Merry Christmas,” Nat whispered as she glided past. “You can’t  give  me the Captain,” Darce hissed, but too late. “Tasha thinks,” Rogers said, “that, well,  I’m  your Soulmate.”
Darcy blinked at the Captain, then sat on the floor. “This is weird. You’re, like, ninety, and I’m twenty-four.” Tasha held out a hand. "Pay up, Stark; I was right." “You’re a cheater who cheats,” Tony said without spite.
“So you still haven’t learned not to bet against Nat?” Tony flipped her the bird and stalked off like a cat. “But what I don’t quite get is why Tasha would think—” “Darcy—” “In my defence, I’d had too much to drink.”
“So you showed her your ‘Mark?” “Well, it  did  have her name!” Rogers laughed, but a voice was then heard to exclaim, “Darcy, what is this noise? Who is this? Who are they? You had better explain!” So she did, right away.
“Well, you know how I told you about Bruce and Clint? I, uh, might have left out… you’ll have seen them in print. Grandma, meet the Avengers; I love ‘em to bits. You guys, this is my Grandma; be careful—she knits.”
Darcy’s grandmother gawked for a minute or less Before sharp eyes went wide and she said, “You’re a mess! Why, what  have  you been doing? Is that—is that  blood? ” After that, ‘twould be easier stopping a flood.
She retrieved a first aid kit and stared them all down; They submitted to treatment with hardly a frown. Soon they all were patched up with—she smiled to see— Some Avengers-themed band-aids and hot mugs of tea.
“She’s like you, only worse!” Barton noted with awe. “‘How to Herd Men and Cats: Things I Learned from Grandma.’ I could  so  write a book about managing you.” “Well you  could, but no one would believe it was true.”
“What? You think that the world isn’t ready to know That when you drink too much, you curl up with your bow?” They continued to sass and Darce tried to ignore Both her new Soulmate’s stare and her father’s loud snore.
She was getting fed up when he quietly said, “I’m the luckiest man in the world—or I’m dead.” “What was that?” she asked, turning and meeting his gaze. Her ‘Mate looked like a man in a bit of a daze.
But he gave her a smile that about stopped her heart. “You are beautiful, sassy, and better yet, smart. I was wondering how I could ever begin To deserve being born with your words on my skin.”
“What? What’s this about words? Darcy, you didn’t say—!” “Grandma,  I’ve only known him for… less than a day!” “More like ‘less than an hour,’” Bruce said into his mug. At their Look, he gave only an innocent shrug.
“But you said you love  ‘them.'”  “Well, it wouldn’t have fit! If I’d said, ‘I love them—except him—all to bits.’” “That’s not an  exact  rhyme—” “You! Don’t break the fourth wall!” “You mean don’t break it  more?”  “Yes! Move on; it’s still small!”
“Well, you’d best introduce us—and  properly, please.” Her Soulmate snagged her hand for a comforting squeeze. “Grandma, this is my Soulmate, Steve Rogers. You might Know his uniform better: it’s blue, red, and white.”
“So you’re Captain America?” “Yes, Ma’am, I am.” “You take care of my Darcy.” “Gran, I can—!” “Yes, Ma’am. Just as long as she’ll promise to catch when I fall.” “Steve, you jump out—” He winked. “Well? You up to it, doll?”
“Uh, remember the part where we just barely met? Maybe start with some coffee; we’ll see where we get.” He just smiled. “Fine by me. I’m not in any rush.” (And if asked, she will say that she  so  did not  blush.)
(Clint’s a liar who lies; don’t believe him. Or Nat. Steve does  not  make her  giggly, so shut up, or scat.) “Moving on! This is Bruce; he does science and stuff.” “Darcy—” “And  he’s the Hulk, if he gets mad enough.”
“I’m Natasha,” the wom
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff and Crack
Christmas Fluff
Poetry
(but if you're looking for Art you should look elsewhere)
(it's not that kind of poetry)
Kidnapping
Breaking the Fourth Wall
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Awed Steve Rogers
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team

