Work Text:
It starts with Natasha bending over. Well, if you wanted to be technical about it, it started around age thirteen when Sally Thompson jumped off the swing and her dress blew up as she fell down. Steve’s puberty kick started in that one moment with a flash of white panties covering a mysterious land. At the time, Steve didn’t understand what exactly was happening in his pants (which isn’t a question you get to ask yourself very often), but he knew that he better spend the next few minutes kneeling until whatever was shifting down there calmed itself down. Which was very, very hard—so to speak—since Sally kept swinging and jumping again and again. And if you wanted to elaborate, it started after the serum, at least in its current, bafflingly cumbersome form. After Steve had returned to the base under the thrift shop with nothing but a dead madman in exchange for Dr. Erskine’s death, Peggy had found him sitting alone in one of the backrooms. No one knew what to do to him. “I’m so sorry, Steve,” she said as she came in. “You knew him better than I did,” Steve said. She gave him a little smile. “I know. That’s partially why I’m so sorry. You should have gotten the chance to know him.”And after a moment’s silence, she crossed the room and hugged him. He was taller than her now. She had to reach her arms up to wrap them around his broad shoulders. His hands flailed for a moment before resting on the small of her back, and they covered more of her than he expected. Her head rested on his shoulder. He pressed her face into her hair. She was soft and curvy against him, and she smelled better than anything he had ever smelled. And this, he quickly realized, was not a good idea. She coughed politely and Steve jumped back, trying to figure out what to do with his hands. He tried to cross them casually in front of his crouch without looking like he was cupping himself. “That was the serum.”“Ah,” Peggy said, a funny look on her face. “There’s been a lot of strange reactions. Not based on anything. I wouldn’t—not that you aren’t a lovely—I respect you as a soldier and a woman.” Steve coughed. He was pretty sure he was the color of a tomato. Peggy pressed her lips together like she was trying very hard not to laugh. “Completely understandable, soldier. Times of high stress can produce strange reactions from the body.”“Exactly,” Steve said. “It’s only because of Dr. Erskine’s death, I swear.”The room was silent as they both thought about that sentence. “Not that I’m into that,” Steve said. “Death, I mean. That’s not. Um. Arousing.”Peggy was losing the battle with laughter. Steve was pretty sure his ears were about to burn off. “I really am sorry,” he said, half turning the lower part of his body away from her. “I normally have it under control. It’s just a lot, a lot bigger than it used to be.”Her eyebrows shot up. Steve should not have said that. He opened his mouth—intending to apologize which most likely would have resulted in him sticking his foot even deeper—when Peggy looked him up and down with a knowingly little smile. “Well, that’s good to know,” she said. Steve’s brain short-circuited for a moment. Peggy took advantage of his stupor to walk to the door. There was a bit more sway in her hips than usual. “The senators are waiting for you, Steve. We need to discuss what happens next. Come out when you’re…” She paused for a moment. “At ease.”The look in her eye as she said that had kept Steve at attention for the next ten minutes. But in modern day—because the past is not a good place for Steve to linger too long—the situation with Natasha starts after team dinner one night when the two of them are cleaning up in the kitchen and she leans over to put a plate in the dishwasher. And Steve just—looks. He doesn’t mean to. His mother raised him right, and Natasha is a teammate and a friend, and ogling women is very, very bad. But he looks. And he looks. And he looks. “Are you alright, Cap?” Natasha asks after she straightens. “Yep.” She glances down at the plate Steve’s clutching in front of himself. “Do you want me to put that away?”“I’ve got it.” He’s pretty sure he’s smearing marinara sauce on the front of his trousers. He leans against the counter and tries to look casual. “I can finish cleaning. By myself. Alone.”She looks him up and down and then straight in the eye and he knows, even though her face is the same, even though she hasn’t said a thing, that she knows. “Oh, Cap,” she says sweeter than he’s ever heard her speak, “I couldn’t leave you to deal with this mess by yourself.” She picks up a dirty bowl and smiles. And leans over. She takes an eternity to load the dishwasher. She does it very slowly, one dish at a time. And Steve just leans against the counter and tries very hard not to have an embolism. Living in the Tower is hard—no, difficult after that. Difficult in a way that life hasn’t been since the first time he hit puberty, because that’s really what this is. The serum started his body anew and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Sexual Humor
UST

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

