Work Text:
“I am positive that you are not supposed to be in the house, sir.”Deadpool did a full body flinch and frantically looked around for whoever had just spoken to him.When he found no one in sight, he said, “What? Who the hell...?”“My name is JARVIS, sir. And I am the house’s AI. I do not have a physical form, so trying to locate me is pointless.”“...Oh...” Wade said. “That...makes sense...or something...”“I’ll return to my previous statement, sir: I am positive you are not supposed to be in the house.”“Right...well...technically, no, I’m not, but! I intend no one any harm here, so how about you just let it slide this time, all right, buddy?”“I am not your “buddy,” sir, and I don’t see why I should do such a thing. You are, after all, sneaking into the house.”“Ever heard of a surprise, JARVIS?”“Of course.”“Well, I’m trying to surprise someone. Hence, the sneaking.”“Who are you trying to surprise, sir?”Wade hesitated.“If you do not tell me, I will have no choice but to inform the master of the house of your presence immediately. You do realize I am giving you the benefit of the doubt, by speaking to you first, instead of telling Mr. Stark without even informing you.”
Was that computer just condescending to us?


I think it was.

“Look, JARVIS. You don’t need to get all snippy with me...I’m here to see Peter.”“The young master? I think I have more of a reason to be concerned now.”“No, no, no, you don’t! I mean no harm, remember?”“I find that hard to believe when you are carrying swords on you back, sir.”“Ah. Well, that’s just part of my job, so...”“And what, pray tell, is your job?”“...I’m a mercenary...?”There was a heavy pause.“I think I’m going to inform Mr. Stark of your presence now.”“NO! No, please don’t! Come on, man, what do I have to do to convince you I’m legit?”“There is nothing you can do, sir.”“JARVIS, JARVIS, you gotta cut me a break!”“I don’t have to do anything for you, sir.”“JARVIS, who are you talking...to...?” Peter rounded the corner and his steps slowed as he spotted JARVIS’ conversation partner. “Deadpool? What are you doing here...?”“Well...” Wade began. Giving an upward glare, he said, “I was trying to surprise you, but Mr. Cranky-Pants-in-the-Ceiling was throwing a hissy fit about it. Just ‘cause I got swords on my back...”“Young sir, this man is not supposed to be in the house,” JARVIS supplied in his defense.“I know, JARVIS. But...just give us a minute...”“Yes, sir.”Peter was eyeing Wade curiously, if not warily.“Deadpool...why were you trying to surprise me?”“Well, because...it’s your birthday today, Spidey. Isn’t it?” Wade raised an eyebrow under his mask out of uncertainty.“Yeah...it is. But how did you know that?”“I, uh...I may have been hanging around and eavesdropping a little...”Peter’s eyebrows shot up.“I’m calling Mr. Stark, now,” JARVIS said, the disapproving tone in his voice clear.

How is that even possible? Computers can’t have tones of voice...


This one can apparently.
“No, no, JARVIS, wait, wait,” Peter said, still looking at Wade strangely. “How were you going to surprise me?”“What?”“How were you surprising me? I mean, were you just going to be creeping in my room when I got home from school or...?”“Well, uh...I was going to leave a present for you in your room. Hopefully before you got home, but again with the annoying, meddling robot house...I wanted to be gone by the time you got home.”“AI,” Peter corrected absently. “What were you going to leave?”Deadpool visibly hesitated.“Deadpool. What were you going to leave?”“Aw, here.” The merc yanked a lumpy package out from behind him and shoved it toward Peter.Peter took it in his hands and gently pulled the newspaper wrapping back. Inside laid an incredibly cute plushie of...“Is this a brain cell?”“Yeah. Isn’t that neat? They make germ microbe plushie things apparently, of like really terrible diseases which is kind of weird, but kind of really cool actually. And what with you being all sciency and all, I figured you’d like something funny and sciency like that, so...there ya go. Have a brain cell. Maybe it can replace some of the ones you’ve lost getting knocked around so much.”Peter gave Deadpool an exasperated look. Then, he looked back at the plushie.“This is...this is really sweet, Wade...thank you.”

He called you Wade!


Score!
 “Oh, yeah, well, whatever...” Deadpool attempted to brush off the sincerity in Peter’s voice.Peter stepped closer. “No, really...thank you.”Wade’s mind almost stopped completely at the look Peter was giving him. It did however kick into fourth gear when Peter smoothly lifted his mask and kissed him.Deadpool’s hands shot out of their own accord and gripped Peter’s waist. He responded to the kiss with belated relish, not expecting it, and certainly not expecting to like it. Deadpool liked the ladies, right?Well. Whoever he liked—he definitely liked this.Peter was actually the first to open his mouth and pry at the other man’s lips, and Wade delighted in how hot the young hero made 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Implied Underage
Superfamily
Implied Superhusbands
JARVIS is perfect

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

