Work Text:
The Winter Soldier was pretty sure it had something to do with the programming from HYDRA, all those electric shocks they pumped into his head to burn away the man he'd once been. It could have also been something about the cobbled-together serum but The Soldier didn't think so. The repeated electric shocks made more sense, considering the damage they had wrought upon his brain tissue. Still, he couldn't know for certain. All he knew was that HYDRA had succeeded. He wasn't the man he'd been before.He hadn't realized it at first, when Captain America, Falcon, and Black Widow finally managed to track him down and drag him back to a glass cage in a tower in New York, Tony's tower. He hadn't remembered that there was someone he used to be, someone before the asset. Rogers would always come down and talk to him about Bucky Barnes, tell him that was who he was, who he could be again. The Soldier seemed to be the only one who understood he would never be that person again. It wasn't until the memories started coming back that he was able to tell what a difference there was between who he was then and who he was now.Bucky Barnes had been friendly, outgoing, enjoyed connecting with people. The Soldier would rather they didn't exist. He didn't see a value to human life, saw them as little more that problems to be solved, variables that could stand in the way of the mission. The Soldier didn't see the point in even pretending to be that person anymore. Until the day he finally met Tony Stark.Rogers had talked about Tony before, of course, but it hadn't interested The Soldier at the time. Rogers's words had turned the fascinating, brilliant man into something made to fit in a box. The Soldier considered killing him for the insult, but it would be hard to get away with. And Tony would be upset if Rogers died. The Soldier didn't want to upset Tony.From the moment Tony had swept into The Soldier's containment area, he'd filled the room with light and energy and warmth. The Soldier, who couldn't remember being warm in even a single one of his memories, felt a rush of heat through his chest. He knew he'd been through heat waves in Brooklyn, had been sent into desert after desert by HYDRA, but this was a heat on the inside. It burned through him like HYDRA's programming, giving him a hit like he hadn't had in so long.The genius had been talking when he'd entered, fending off what were obviously Rogers's protests to his very presence before switching over to a back-and-forth with JARVIS, whom The Soldier had come to know well. It was nearly a full five minutes before Tony actually turned his attention on The Soldier, making him wait for it. His grin poured even more light forth and The Soldier was grateful to have had those minutes to collect himself enough to actually be able to listen to what Tony was saying.Tony had no problems giving The Soldier exactly what he needed. He gave orders, made decisions, and set goals left and right. He gave The Soldier a sanctuary of order when the others had tiptoed around anything that so much as sounded like a request. It'd made The Soldier a bit weak in the knees right from those very first moments and he decided that it was this man, Tony, who would be his new handler. The Soldier wanted to be closer to Tony, to touch and feel and taste every inch of him. Tony's parting promise of, "As soon as you start getting back to yourself, we'll get you out of that fishbowl," was taken fully to heart.The Soldier poured over his memories of Bucky Barnes, paying close attention to every mannerism and quirk. He practiced with JARVIS, and later perfected the mimicry with Rogers and the other Avengers. They irritated him, more than anything else, but they were a means to an end. He was being let out of his cell less than a month later, grinning falsely at the clearly-overjoyed Rogers. Tony had been there, and it was hard to keep his eyes off of the brilliant inventor if only to fake a semblance of normalcy. Bucky Barnes would never had stared so appreciatively at a man.Tony, thankfully, whisked The Soldier away to his lab. Apparently The Soldier's arm was of great interest to him. If that was what he wanted, The Soldier would be happy to give it to him. The Soldier stared at him the entire time he worked, fascinated by his hands, the way his movements didn't hurt the way HYDRA's had. Though Tony obviously noticed the lingering gaze, he said nothing. The Soldier took that as permission to keep doing it. Tony talked the entire time he worked, filling the silence that usually surrounded The Soldier. It was the closest The Soldier had come to feeling content since before HYDRA had burned him out of himself.Tony kept odd hours, The Soldier knew because The Soldier watched. The Soldier was always watching, monitoring. It was actually surprising how long Tony was able to function on how little sleep he got. It took The Soldier nearly a week to slip by JARVIS's security far enough to figure out that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

freeform: 
Developing Relationship
Unhealthy Relationships
Violent Thoughts
Manipulation
Past Brainwashing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

