Work Text:

Natasha:

We’re in a very important meeting right now, James.


James:

Good for you.

Beside Natasha, Steve’s phone buzzed facedown on the table. After the last text, he’d hastily flipped the screen over and stared straight ahead like he’d been caught talking in church. 
Clint nudged him with his elbow. “Better check that,” he murmured. “Could be important.”
Everyone at the table pretended they weren’t looking as Steve hesitantly turned his phone over, blushed so hard his ears looked like they’d been boiled, and slapped it back down again.
Natasha: What I am saying, James, is that everyone knows what you’re texting Steve.

James:

Yeah? He showing it around?


Natasha:

Like he needs to. This is Steve. He doesn’t have a duplicitous bone in his body.


James:

Sometimes he does. ;)

Steve’s phone buzzed again, and he sat resolute for a whole ten seconds before giving in and looking. Bucky was obviously good at what he did; Steve took a sudden, mortified breath and the screen cracked in his hand. Down the table at the StarkBoard, Tony had completely stopped going over the costs of repairs to the Quinjet. Now he was just spouting techspeak gibberish on autopilot to keep up the background noise. 

Natasha:

It’s funny because you mean your penis, just like every other joke you make.


James:

Hey watch him I’m about to send a really dirty one.

Natasha glanced up in time to see Steve cover his mouth in shock, close his eyes and drop his face into his arms on the table. 
“Everyone here knows exactly what Bucky’s doing, don’t they,” he muttered despairingly.
Natasha patted him on the back.
“Didn’t you guys decide no more of that stuff at work?” Sam asked, frowning. “I could swear you decided no more of that stuff at work.”
Steve made a miserable noise. “I didn’t know what ‘sexting’ meant when Bucky asked if it was okay,” he admitted. Sam raised his eyebrows in disbelief. 
“What? What’s Sergeant Barnes doing?” Peter piped up from the far end, and with the mask Natasha honestly couldn't tell if he was unbelievably naïve, willfully blind, or just being a little shit. “What’s going on?”
“Nothing,” Steve groaned.
“I’m not giving you this talk, kid,” Sam told Peter. “Go home and ask your trusted adult.” 
“I’m seventeen,” Peter complained. 

Natasha:

James, you are taking advantage of Steve’s concern for you in order to embarrass him in front of his coworkers.


James:

Everyone at that table except Spiderbaby was drunk in my living room last week, watching Thor belt out ‘Single Ladies’ in his underwear.


James:

I’m not worried.


Natasha:

Point.

“Does anyone else think it’s ironic that Richards calls Barnes, ‘Captain America’s pet monster’?” Tony asked the room at large, “You know. Considering Barnes is the one leading Steve around by the di—“
“We are going to talk about respectful discussion of your teammates’ significant others at as soon as this meeting is finished,” Steve ordered, head still down but pointing a disapproving finger at Tony.
“Is that going to be before or after we talk about sexting during team meetings?” Tony asked sweetly. “I want to make sure I schedule it all in.”
“Is he just sexting words,” Clint asked, “or is he sending, like, snapshots of his junk? Cuz I could see it going either way.”
Steve hit his head on the table a few times.
“I’m pretty sure all they do is hold hands,” Peter assured them, stalwart in both his loyalty and his denial. “It’s probably just close-up photos of Sergeant Barnes’ fingers.”
Tony opened his mouth and Rhodes clamped his hand tightly over it before he could get anything out.
“Nothing else is going to get accomplished here,” Steve told the tabletop. “Meeting adjourned. I’ll check my email on the plane, just forward the notes for everything I’m going to miss.”
“Right,” Sam said, skeptical. “Because you’ll be paying more attention on your vacation, when Barnes is right next to you instead of on the phone.”
Tony snorted. “The seat buckles are never going on in the first place. If they’re not joining the mile high—“ Tony paused as Steve turned, somehow, even redder, “reaffirming their membership to the mile high club in the bathroom for the entire flight, I’ll eat my hat.”
“You don’t wear a hat,” Steve mumbled, unable to refute any other part of it. Tony took pity, for once, and didn’t continue.
“Can I have a quick look at the sexts?” Clint begged, “Not like, at a really dirty one, I just have a bet going about how big—“
“Please go away and stop talking about my boyfriend’s penis,” Steve told him.
“In our defense,” Clint pointed out, “he started it.”
“New plan,” Tony announced, “we need to start making bets about how fast they’re going to accidentally down their own plane. Booze and cards at mine in ten.”
Clint whooped, and everyone followed Stark to the door, clearly pretending they weren’t planning their bet while Steve was still present. 
Natasha glanced over her shoulder on her way out. Steve was still slumped over the table, phone in hand, but he was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Dick Pics
more of them
BROT3
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Sort Of
For a given value
I mean she means well
Peter Parker is very earnest
Steve can smile

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

