Work Text:

Armor
Steve's uniform used to be leather -- good, hard-wearing, durable and tough to pierce, but still just leather. Now he has some kind of bullet-stopping stuff that's really impressive, definitely top of the line...but he can't stitch it up himself like he used to do, sitting around a fire with the Commandos, an awl tucked in his belt, thick twine binding up the rips.For a while he takes it to the SHIELD arms guys, and they give it back to him spruced up and sometimes improved. He doesn't think anything about it until one day Tony asks him, "How's the new armor?""The uniform? I just got the new version this morning, I haven't had time to test it. Why?""I wanted to see if the flex-plating works for you. Let me know if it doesn't, huh?"Which is when Steve finds out that he's been giving his armor to SHIELD and they've been giving it to Tony.It's early on, when it happens. They're not friends yet, but at least they're not at each others' throats anymore. Still, it means that all the times they were, Tony was still taking his armor after every battle, fixing it, making sure he was safe.Steve doesn't know what to think about that. 
Art
Steve met Picasso once. No, honestly, he did.During the war, Picasso stayed in Paris at his studio and continued to work. It was against the law in occupied Paris to do bronze casting, but the Resistance used to bring scrap metal to the studio, smuggle it in, and Picasso would cast his scuptures anyway.Steve was looking for intel on HYDRA, and he was told that there was someone in Paris who could help; the Resistance agreed to get him there if he'd deliver a package for them before going to meet his source. He ended up on Pablo Picasso's doorstep with a box of scrap metal, and the man invited him in for tea.He'd loved Picasso's work even before meeting him; he'd seen it at the Museum of Modern Art in New York back before...before. Picasso was a noisy, energetic, wonderfully funny man, very strange but very welcoming.He's never really managed to warm to much of the 21st century's art. He does like art, in a general sense, he's just picky. Now more than ever, Picasso makes him feel at home -- the disjointed quality of the work is just how Steve feels, all edges and corners sticking out of perspective, ill-suited to the new era in which he finds himself. It's nice someone else once felt that way too."But is it art?" Tony asks jokingly, when he finds Steve standing in front of a heap of rusted metal at MoMA one day. The heap is part of a new exhibit, and his skepticism is probably showing. Steve glances at Tony, thoughtful."You know what Picasso would have done with this?" he asks. "He'd have melted it down and poured it into a mold, cast a sculpture out of it, maybe one of his giant skulls or those wonderful heads he did. I mean, I think that's better art. But this can be art too. That's okay." He pauses. "I think he'd have loved Iron Man.""Yeah?" Tony asks."Well, I think he'd have liked you, and Iron Man is definitely art," Steve says, and walks on.It takes Tony a while to catch up. 
Banner, Bruce
Steve wants to protect Bruce, instinctively, but he knows this for what it is: the same urge Bucky had for him, all those years they were growing up. He didn't welcome it then, and Bruce wouldn't welcome it now.Bruce is nothing like how Steve had been. Bruce is shy and quiet where Steve was scrappy and outspoken, and he's oddly abrupt at the strangest times. But -- Hulk aside -- Bruce is terribly vulnerable, and Steve works hard, harder than perhaps he works for anyone else, to figure out how Bruce will fit into the team.He wants to shield him but he gives him his head, never stops Bruce from going into a fight with them, never questions his abilities. He's sharp with anyone else who questions him, and before he understood that Tony was trying to make Bruce feel welcome he was sharp with Tony for teasing him, too. He's really just grateful that Tony respects Bruce's mind, because he can only imagine the mess they'd be in if Tony went after Bruce in any real way. He's seen him go after Clint, and those two can be immeasurably cruel to each other if Steve doesn't step in. With Bruce, the others are...distant, perhaps, but not cruel."Do you trust me?" Bruce asks him, after a battle."Yes," Steve answers without hesitation."You shouldn't," Bruce replies."Why shouldn't I trust him?" he asks Tony, as Bruce walks away."You shouldn't trust any of us," Tony says, not looking up from the tablet he's working on. "We're all batfuck crazy.""But I do."Tony shrugs. "That's why you're the leader." 
Barton, Clint
Clint was his first real friend when he woke up. He liked Fury and Coulson, but Clint wasn't under mandate to teach him anything or mold him into anything. They could just talk, and Clint would show him around SHIELD. Clint did teach him how to use the television, and stopped him from putting tinfoil in the microwave.Clint spends most of his time on his archery range, but he also love
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Music
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Get Together
breakfast burritos

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

