Work Text:
Deadpool and Spiderman have it out one night; even worse than usual.The fight leaves Peter with an obnoxious black eye that spreads over his nose in an ugly mess of red, purple, and yellow. It looks like it's trying to claim the other eye in its discolored trail. At least he's able to walk, although there's a sprained muscle in his leg that hurts every time it stretches.And, of course, that's the day that Deadpool decides to visit Peter's high school.Who knows what he was doing there; laying low during a pursuit, creeping on some hot teacher, or stumbling in by accident. Whatever the reason, he was standing down the hall freaking some blond kid out so badly he was almost in tears.It was probably the katana Wade was weilding; whipping that thing around like a careless idiot would scare anybody. Or maybe it was the merc's build; he was easily twice the size of the biggest football player in their school. But the most likely reason people were staring at Deadpool in terror was the fact that he was carrying on a conversation with the voices in his head.From where he stood, Peter could hear every word. "Look at all this metal! I know! The zombies woudn't stand a chance against all the bullets we could make melting these lockers down!"Zombies. Melting lockers. What was wrong with this guy? So high strung..."Whoa! Young lady, that is a pretty sick backpack! Let me guess, Shein strikes again!"Peter's shoulders sagged and he wanted to walk into a classroom- any classroom- just to avoid this scene. The sound of Wade's voice made his eye hurt and even though there was no way the other man would know who he was, he still wanted to keep his normal life free of complications.Too bad Wade moved faster than Peter did."Ouch, kid. Who beat the shit out of you?" Deadpool peered down at the brown-haired boy and even though his face was covered, the concern was evident.Hypocrite, Peter thought, daring to glare up into the mask's eyes. "Nobody.""Hm." Deadpool's head went up and down and he seemed to be carrying on a mental conversation because out of nowhere he said, "Yeah, those weren't the best of times. Poor thing." Then, directing his attention to Peter again, "If you want me to kick a bully's ass for you just point me in the right direction.""I can take care of him myself." Gosh, he wished Deadpool would leave already. The other kids were going to think he was even more suspicious. First, the odd facial injury and now talking with Deadpool.Deadpool leaned his head to one side and angled in to invade Peter's space, making the boy recoil in instinct."What?""You sound... Have we met before?"Shit. He knew he should have used voice distortion while in costume. Peter glanced away and said, "I don't associate with super villains.""I'm not a villain. And you don't seem to be pissing your pants like that freckled kid back there so I can only assume you're used to dealing with some pretty nasty people."Annoyance narrowed Peter's eyes, making the bruise sting as a reminder, and he turned his back on Deadpool. Probably not the smartest thing he could've done. "Why don't you go rob a bank or something?"Without warning, his spidey senses went off and Peter spun back around, raising his fists and crouching in a defensive stance. Deadpool's katana gleamed over his head and everyone around them froze.Wade was also still. "Hey, now," He said, "I'm just putting it away. By the way, nice reflexes you have there. Ever thought about a life of crime? I could use an apprentice."Releasing a breath he didn't remember holding, Peter stood and felt his face heat up. "Not interested. Sorry." Why was he apologizing?"Are you sure? It pays extremely well." He's pretty sure there is a smile on the merc's face as the katana slips into its sheath."I have a job. Two jobs, in fact.""At your age? Impressive. You aren't, like, a street walker or anything, right? 'Cause if you are... I mentioned I got paid well, didn't I?"Peter's face went back to its scowl. "That's disgusting. I'm seventeen, you know." Actually, he turned eighteen two months ago, but this guy didn't have to know that. "And I'm not a street walker." That part was true. Spiderman didn't need to walk when he could use his web-slinging action to get around."That's a shame, I'd reserve you for life. Such a cutie!" The normal non-serious Deadpool was back. He reached out to pinch Peter's cheek but his hand was smacked away. Shrugging, the merc said, "Guess I'll catch you later. Money to kill, people to steal. Wait... Well, whatever."Then the black and red costumed man took off like a shot, whooping and jumping around like Sonic on speed. He braced his hand on a row of lockers, shoved himself over to the other side of the hall, kicked against those lockers, and sailed over a group of frightened cheerleaders. Just before he exited through the front doors, he turned and blew a kiss from two fingers.Peter knew he had to be winking under that mask.  After a day full of questioning looks and sneer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Deadpool

freeform: 
Kind of Non-con at first
Peter is a bit of a slut
PWP
Plot does not exist
I broke down and wrote this
Spideypool - Freeform
Accidental webbing when Peter comes
Dry Humping
Peter Parker is a virgin
Deadpool is smarter than you think
But Wade is Wade
Peter has a short temper when it comes to the merc's antics
Top!Deadpool
Peter's really kind of easy
I'll blame it on youth
No Underage Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Deadpool

