Work Text:
The hormone treatments had never been a problem for Tony.The inconvenience of Iron Man being locked in the tower for two weeks was nothing compared to the idea of going into heat in a building with five Alpha Doms. Especially Steve Rogers, Captain Alpha douche himself, the most territorial, dominant, ridiculous Alpha that Tony had ever laid eyes on. Tony’s never been one to resist a challenge, and because he needs the other Avengers to believe he's an alpha, he immediately picks the biggest dick in sight and starts a pissing contest. Rogers won’t actually challenge a teammate, so there’s always that, and Tony’s not going to challenge Natasha, that’s for damn sure, she may not give off the same All American Fuck-You-Very-Much vibes as Rogers, but he’s fairly sure she won’t let a misguidedly wholesome set of moral values get in the way of turning him into a bendy Tony pretzel. “Sir, we have incoming.”“Avengers Assemble,” Rogers bleats over the intercom. Tony rubs his temple with one hand. “Roger that.” Haha, Roger that. I’m such a jackass. He lets the suit assemble around him, sinking into a calm headspace.“Iron Man, what do you see?” Tony locked in on the giant bulbous orbs hovering over central park. “They seem to be spraying some sort of fine powder on everything, Cap.”“What the hell is it?”“I’m not sure. Jarvis can’t get a proper analysis; it appears to be made up of a compound containing alien matter.”“Can you destroy it? I’m reluctant to send anyone else down there without proper Hazmat gear.”“On it.”Bruce cut in. “Make sure you get a sample Tony, we may need it to create a vaccine.”“It shouldn't come to that. It doesn't seem to be having much of an effect on the civilians in the vicinity.”“S.H.I.E.L.D. is still going to seal off the area and have everyone exposed to the compound subjected to quarantine and surveillance for the next day or so.” Steve said.Tony scooped up some of the powder and sealed it in a specimen jar. He began burning the rest with a focused laser. “No adverse chemical reactions to my lasers thus far, I should be able to burn it off. You’re going to have to send someone in.”“I’ll go,” Bruce volunteered, “if anyone can walk away from this, it’s the Other Guy.”“Good man,” Steve clasped Bruce’s shoulder. Tony shook his head. What a tool.Bruce didn’t have much trouble bringing down the gelatinous orbs. S.H.I.E.L.D. immediately hauled them off to a scientific facility for further testing. Tony arrived back at the tower first and hosed the suit down, running to the shower facility before the other avengers could show. By the time he was on his way to the lab, Bruce had grabbed the sample from Tony's kit and dropped it off for further study. Tony ran a few diagnostics to make sure that the powder wasn’t poisonous and unscrewed the lid. Some of the powder drifted into the air. He surged to his feet, stomach twisting as he fought not to lose his lunch. 
Oh god.
“Sir, you need to get to the containment chamber, my sensors indicate that you’re going into heat.”“Hnn.” Tony doubled over, “ well no shit, Jarvis.” His skin felt too sensitive, the metal counters were icy against his fingers. His heart was racing.Steve wrapped a towel around his waist and padded out of the shower. He staggered as he was hit by an overwhelming wave of Omega pheromones.  Bruce was in the locker room, scenting the air, his eyes wide. “There are no unregistered Omegas in this part of New York.” Steve took several deep breaths, forcing himself to remain still, “we should –“
“No, I’ve bonded with Betty. You have to take this one, Steve. Natasha’s still at S.H.I.E.L.D. If there’s an Omega somewhere near the tower, we have to protect them.”“Tony. I’ll get Tony, he’s better at handling this sort of thing.”
“He won’t be if he bonds with an Omega. He’s kind of commitment phobic.”
“Well one of us will have to handle it,” Steve snapped. He muttered an immediate apology.“It’s fine Steve, just go. I need to go seal myself in the containment room for a bit. Contact me when the situation is resolved.”“Sure thing.”Tony forced himself into the corner, trying to curl in to a ball as the heat coursed through his body, demanding and overwhelming.The door slid open, “Tony, there’s – Jesus.” Steve’s nostrils flared, his pupils contracting. He took an involuntary step forward. “Jarvis, I told you to initiate the lockdown sequence.”“I did Sir, but Captain Rogers is on the emergency override list.”God, he really wasn’t thinking clearly. Steve took another step forward and Tony resisted the urge to crawl across the room. He gritted his teeth and snarled “get out, Steve.”“How could you compromise the team like this, Tony. You’re an Omega? How the hell did you fool everyone?” Steve grabbed the nearest counter, bracing himself against the cool Formica. “Not the best time for a chit chat,” Tony panted. “God, you are so not lecturing me in the middle of a heat.”“I came down here to protect you!” Steve’s voice was a combination of command 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Knotting
Dubious Consent
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Sex Pollen

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

