Work Text:
“Okay, you’ve got to admit though - it’s pretty adorable.” Clint said, resting his chin in his hand and actually  cooing  in Tony’s direction. Tony responded by flipping him off with his left hand, since his right was currently petting the hair of the little boy attached to his side. The little boy who had been a full-grown, very deadly assassin only an hour earlier. “Can it, Clint,” Steve snapped, rubbing a hand over his eyes and shooting the child a tired, tentative little smile. Tony felt the boy shiver and press himself more firmly against Tony’s side, the death-grip he had on Tony’s leg increasing. Steve’s face fell, but he shook his head at the apologetic look Tony gave him. “It’s fine, Tony,” he said softly, his features going from concerned friend to fearless leader in a heartbeat as he turned back to address the rest of the room. “Thor, you’re sure this is Loki’s work?” “Aye, I am certain.” Thor said gravely, nodding towards the open box lying in the middle of the common room floor. “It has his signature written all over it, and is reminiscent of similar pranks he once played in our youth.” Steve grimaced, a muscle in his jaw twitching as he glanced between Tony and the box. “Any chance of getting him back here to fix it?” he asked, settling back on Thor. “Of course, Captain. If it can be done, I shall endeavor to find him and make it so. You have my word.” Thor vowed, turning on his heel without another word and marching towards the elevator. Bruce scrambled after him, clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder on his way out and calling after Thor, probably intent on getting more information so the rest of them would have more than ‘Loki played a mean prank’ to work on. “Right, well,” Tony said once they were gone, clearing his throat awkwardly and glancing helplessly around the room. “What do we do until then?” The other occupants of the room either avoided eye contact or gaped back at him, but no one answered his question. The sound of the little boy’s stomach rumbling broke the silence. “You hungry, kiddo?” Tony asked cautiously, pulling his hand back to brush away some of the hair that had fallen over the kid’s eyes. Bright blue eyes peeked back at him, and then the kid nodded, a tentative little thing that was barely noticeable unless you were looking for it. Tony tried to smile reassuringly at him. “Okay, then, how about a bite to eat?” he asked, offering his hand. There was a second’s hesitation, and then, to his surprise, the kid took it and smiled back at him. Tony grinned, and then he was leading a very small, very quiet Bucky Barnes into the kitchen for something to eat. ~X~ They didn’t know why Bucky was so attached to Tony, other than the figuring it had something to do with Tony and Bucky being together when it happened. ‘It’ being Bucky yanking the package Tony had opened out of Tony’s hand just as the contents of the package - a fuzzy teddy bear - had started to glow. Then, between one blink and the next, Tony had found himself on the ground, an armful of tiny, terrified Bucky Barnes sniffling and asking if he was okay while the rest of the Avengers had stormed the living room, yelling and adding to the general confusion. Bucky had then attached himself to Tony’s side like a limpet and remained so ever since, barely speaking a word and practically climbing Tony in his determination to avoid contact with anyone and everyone else. It had been all Tony could do to keep the kid from going into hysterics. Which made the current scene of him sitting in Tony’s lap, eating macaroni and cheese, all the more surreal - at least to Tony, anyway. “How old do you think he is?” Steve asked, chewing his lower lip nervously and watching as Bucky shoveled in mac and cheese, making delighted little sounds that were, quite frankly, adorable. “I dunno… five or six, maybe?” Bruce suggested, his face pinched pensively. “Maybe we should just… ask him?” They all turned to Tony expectantly, who groaned. “Seriously?” “Hey, he’s not talking to us, and he seems to like you.” Clint pointed out, shrugging and twirling the spoon he was holding between his fingers. “You’ve got the best chance of getting an answer out of him.” Tony sighed and looked imploringly to Steve, who shrugged helplessly. “He’s got a point.” Sighing again, Tony shifted a bit and tapped the top of Bucky’s head. Bucky tilted his head back at him and smiled, relaxing against Tony’s chest and offering his full spoon to him. There was a muffled snort of laughter from Steve, of all people, which Tony ignored as he smiled back down at Bucky. “Uh, thanks, buddy, but I’ll eat in a minute. Hey, you want to tell me how old you are?” Bucky cocked his head to the side, his brow and nose crinkled adorably. Someone - Bruce, maybe? - sucked in a breath, and Tony had no doubt it was to contain the ‘aww’ he himself was having to fight down. “You, you know. How old are you? Like, uh, five, or six, or…?” “Old,” Bucky said, startling Tony into nearly droppin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged
De-aged Bucky
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Hugs
Cuddling & Snuggling
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Light Angst
Feels
Tony Feels
Family Feels
Talks of nightmares
Hurt Tony
(but only a little) - Freeform
Tiny Bodyguard Bucky
Gift Fic
Gift Exchange
Holiday Fic Exchange
Winteriron Holiday Exchange

fandom: 
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

