Chapter 1: Erik
    




Chapter Text
Two months after Washington, Raven found Erik in a skeevy motel off the Florida interstate. He’d been renting the room by the week for the past seven weeks. Spent most of his time on the tiny balcony, basking in the hot sun and reading as many newspapers as he could get his hands on during the day, sleeping there at night under sheets stripped from the bed. Instinctively he gravitated away from enclosed spaces and complete silence, seeking out the warm night air and ambient noises—crickets, occasional voices from other rooms or the parking lot, the steady hum of highway traffic—that fell just on the safe side of sensory overload.The television was on constantly. He drank a lot of whiskey. He grew a beard and got a tan and put out food for the cats that skulked around the motel and spoke only to the news agent, the man at the liquor store, and the old woman in #12 whose sink he fixed one day.Clippings of articles about Washington, about humanity’s shapeshifting savior and the ongoing hunt for the nefarious Magneto, editorials about the “rise of the mutant,” started covering the mirror above the dresser, then spilled across the hideous wallpaper. Not unlike the murder collage he’d created during the hunt for Schmidt—though these articles formed a narrative that spoke less of sadistic cruelty and more of political and ideological ambivalence. Mutants existed incontrovertibly, and the American public didn’t seem to know quite how it felt about that.Tentatively positive, it seemed, for the most part. Occasional far-right screeds aside, the general tone was one of guarded appreciation for mutantkind, or at least for its actions. Doubtless periodic reassurances, in public and in the press, from one Dr. Charles Xavier, geneticist, had something to do with that. He had Nixon’s ear, the rumors went, and the President was known for leaning heavily on his advisors.If things were going to hell—and Erik was entirely certain that they were—it was happening quietly, and behind the scenes.Erik would intervene, he promised himself. He had ten years of absence to make up for, and no idea how the cause had fared, if the Brotherhood still existed in any recognizable form, or if they had all gone their own way like Mystique. But even if only a few of his followers remained loyal, they would be searching for him now. He had only to reach out to any one of his old contacts.And he would, just as soon as the thought of speaking to more than one person and planning beyond the next minute didn’t trigger a panic response that ended with him hyperventilating in the bathroom while sympathetic metallic groaning noises were wrung from the pipes in the walls. He just needed a few more days.Then again, Raven had only ever been interested in what he needed when it coincided exactly with what she needed, and this was not one of those times. Opening his eyes to her in her natural form doing the splits above him to avoid breaking his nose after her graceful leap onto the balcony was abruptly derailed by…well, him, was not the most unpleasant way Erik had ever woken up, but it didn’t exactly bode well for the day, either.“What the hell, Mystique!”“What the fuck, Erik!” she shouted back, glaring down at him. “You lunatic, what are you doing out here?”“What are you doing out here?”“Trying to break into your room, obviously. I thought you’d be, you know, in it.”“Why? Come to finish what you started in Washington?”Sneering contemptuously always did go better when he wasn’t half-asleep and wrapped in bedsheets like a naked human burrito. Raven at least didn’t seem particularly intimidated: Erik could feel her rolling her eyes, even with her back to him, as she waltzed into his motel room and made a beeline for the coffee maker.“I’m not going to apologize for that,” she called, briskly scooping grounds into the filter as Erik dragged himself upright and tried to process events strategically, instead of with a vague sense of tired bemusement. He’d slept more in the past two months than he had in the first six months of leading the Brotherhood, but no matter how many times he told himself that he should be bursting with energy after ten years of forced inaction, twelve hours of sleep felt like four and there were days when he woke up still exhausted.“I wouldn’t expect you to apologize for doing whatever it took to achieve your objective. You don’t seem worried that I’ll finish what I started in Paris,” he said, trailing after her. There was a pair of sweatpants on the bathroom floor and he put them on because it seemed polite, not because he had any special pretensions of modesty around Raven.“Oh, please,” Raven said. “If you still wanted me dead we would not be having this conversation. And if I’d really wanted you dead, your funeral would have been eight weeks ago.”“Sparsely attended, I’d imagine.”She gave him a cup of coffee and a raised eyebrow as he came out of the bathroom, which said ya think? more clearly than
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
past Erik Lehnsherr/Raven | Mystique

freeform: 
Post-DOFP
BAMF Raven
Hurt/Comfort
Poor Charles
Protective Erik
physical/psychological torture
Medical Experimentation
mention of Nazism in chapter 14

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
past Erik Lehnsherr/Raven | Mystique

