Work Text:
Darcy’s neck-deep in paperwork when the desktop across from her boots itself up and Sam Wilson appears on the screen. She’s absorbed enough not to notice until he clears his throat. “Jesus!” she yelps, throwing her pen in the air and nearly knocking her chair over. “Hey there,” Sam Wilson says. He is exactly as pretty as he looks in the tabloids she definitely does not read, but Darcy is a grown-up and knows how to talk to attractive betas without being a creep, okay? Okay. “Um. Hi?” she tries awkwardly, attempting to claw her way back to actual balance before the chair collapses out from under her. Ian comes up behind her and grabs it, blessed hero and savior that he is. “Thanks. Um, is something horribly wrong, do you need a rainbow bridge? Because we’re kinda low on those around here at the moment, just for the record.” “Not exactly,” Sam says, grimacing a little. “Dr. Foster’s an alpha, right?” “. . . nnnnno?” Darcy says, leaning in to squint at him and wondering where he got that idea. Ian has to brace the chair again. “Jane’s a beta. Why, what’s up?” Sam curses under his breath, then sighs. “We need a noncombatant alpha who’s Initiative-vetted,” he says. “Uh--Pepper Potts doesn’t count?” Darcy asks, bemused. She cannot even fathom the universe in which Pepper Potts is an option and gets skipped over, personally. “Long story, apparently,” Sam says, shaking his head. “Potts is a no-go, Betty Ross is MIA, Dr. Cho’s on suppressants, every other alpha in the science division’s too damn terrified, and all the remaining noncombatants we’ve got on record are betas or omegas.” “Or us,” Ian pipes up helpfully. Sam frowns. “What?” he asks. “Us,” Darcy says, pointing at herself. “Ian and me, we’re alphas. Are we not vetted? I thought we were vetted. Thor said we were vetted.” “Wait--terrified of what?” Ian asks, belatedly alarmed. Which--fair question, actually, Darcy would like the answer to that question as well. “Also a long story,” Sam replies with a grimace. “Either of you on suppressants?” “No?” Darcy says with a frown, cocking her head. This conversation is taking a concerning turn. Like, okay, people shopping around for an available alpha, that’s not weird, but the “noncombatant” addendum is, and it’s pretty old-fashioned for a beta to be doing it. Like, who’s he even looking for? Also, the “terrifying” part. That part, uh. That part’s a little weird. “Okay, well then,” Sam says with a sigh, rubbing the back of his neck. “What are your feelings on heat-partnering a stranger?” “Er,” Ian says, wincing visibly. Considering the pace their physical relationship moved at when they were datemates, Darcy can’t help suspecting this one might end up being on her. “Maybe?” she says warily. “I mean, I’ve done it before. Uh, some stranger strangers than others, generally speaking, but, like, it’s not outside my wheelhouse. But seriously, though, terrified?” “We . . . may have a super-soldier assassin in heat at the complex,” Sam says, wincing. “What,” Darcy says blankly. Okay, A: the only super-soldier she knows of is Captain freaking America who she’s ninety-nine percent sure is a beta and is by no stretch of the imagination an assassin anyway, and B: that sounds like the exact opposite of a situation that calls for a noncombatant alpha. That sounds like a situation that explicitly calls for a combatant alpha, actually. “He’s traumatized from being brainwashed and imprisoned and can’t submit to an alpha with combat training without either having a panic attack or straight up trying to kill them,” Sam says bluntly. “He’s detoxing off illegal suppressants before we can put him on new ones. Dr. Cho was going to cycle off hers for him, but he burned through faster than we expected.” “So . . . he’s in heat, and there’s nobody around he doesn’t see as a threat?” Darcy summarizes, frowning. “Long story short, yes,” Sam confirms. “. . . and long story long?” Darcy asks skeptically, genuinely unable to help herself. He tells them. “Jesus Christ!” “We can get a ride inbound for you in thirty if you’re still willing,” Sam says, snapping his goggles down over his eyes. “Let us get our toothbrushes,” Darcy says faintly. “I’ll pack the courting gifts,” Ian says, looking slightly nauseous. “Oh god, I don’t have anything to give a national hero,” Darcy groans, dropping her face into her paperwork. “Especially not a brunet one! I gave that gold choker to Sif two months ago, I’m boned.” “The arm’s silver, if it helps,” Sam says, eyeing them a little funny for some reason. Darcy has bigger concerns. “So much for the bronze armband,” Ian says glumly. “It wouldn’t have fit him anyway,” Darcy reassures him. “Super-soldiers be jacked.” “True,” Ian says, and then they abandon Sam and trash the entire lab in search of something presentable to take. Pop-Tarts aren’t gonna cut it, Darcy’s pretty sure. God, what did they even use for courting gifts in the forties, who even knows? . . . aside from Google, obviously. One Google search l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
past Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
mention of James "Bucky" Barnes/Helen Cho
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Ian Boothby

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
post-AoU
Pre-Ant-Man
Fuck Or Suffer Unspecified Health Consequences
safe sex
Safe Sane and Consensual
Fantasy Gender Roles
courting gifts
Nesting
Knotting
Multiple Orgasms
mention of male lactation
mention of MPREG
Alpha Darcy Lewis
Omega Bucky Barnes
Darcy Lewis Can’t Lose
Fuck Yeah Female Alphas

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
past Ian Boothby/Darcy Lewis
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
mention of James "Bucky" Barnes/Helen Cho
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Ian Boothby

