Work Text:
Foggy knew by the look on Matt’s face that he would try to wriggle out of Christmas one last time. And, because Matt was really paternalistic about his self-flagellation, he would try to convince Foggy it was for his own good. For Foggy’s comfort, or convenience, or some bullshit Saint Murdock reason. He had that wet baby bird look he always wore when he was about to sacrifice himself for, whatever, a donut or something — shoulders sloped, mouth a crooked little downward arc, eyes big and tragic behind his glasses, brow dimpled. He stopped in front of the seats Foggy had picked on the Metro North, the corner ones facing each other with plenty of leg room. He propped his cane in front of himself and worried at the handle with both hands.“Don’t even start,” Foggy said, standing to take Matt’s duffle bag off his shoulder. “Sit down and shut up.” He shoved the duffle into the overhead, and when he went to sit back down, Matt’s frown was deeper but he’d lowered his ass into the seat.“I didn’t say anything.”“Yeah well,” Foggy said. “Maybe reading your face is my super power. Can’t even turn that into a good gig; I want my money back.”That earned him a brittle smile, sadder than anything. Foggy clenched his jaw and looked out the window onto the platform. Off-peak tickets cost less and gave them the lack of crowd they liked, but it was shit for people watching. It was shit for using other people’s antics to avoid the way sadness and frustration and apprehension roiled in his belly at Matt’s proximity.“It’s just, I don’t know,” Matt said. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable. It’s your parents’ house.”“Yeah, it’s my parents’ house,” Foggy snapped. “Where we’ve been going for twelve years like clockwork, where you’re basically the Second Coming Amen, and where I’d be subjected to the goddamn third degree if I showed up without you. You owe me this, Murdock. And if you want out because you’re the uncomfortable one, get off this train right now, but don’t sit there and pretend you’re willing to be alone and miserable on Christmas for my sake. Don’t lie and then act like I’m the liar.”Matt’s mouth snapped closed and Foggy squeezed his eyes shut. He could hear Matt swallow. He forced himself to look at Matt straight on.“Sorry,” he said. “If you don’t want to be with my family this year, I get it, okay? I’ll make up an excuse. Just go if you’re gonna go.”“I love your family, Foggy,” Matt said. “I guess I just don’t get why you want me to come if you’re… if you’re so mad at me.”Foggy wondered what Matt was getting off him right now, other than his anger, transparent for months. He was supposed to know, fine, but never bring it up. Those were the rules. Could Matt hear his stomach? Did the way Foggy flushed raise the temperature in the room?  What about the people in the next car, or in the bathrooms, or over on the platforms? Every little thing people hid from everyone else to make the world spin as smoothly as possible — did Matt get all that, too? Just by smell, by taste, by heartbeat? “It would be worse for me,” Foggy said eventually, “to go without you.” He threw up a hand because Matt got that too, didn’t he? Even if he couldn’t see. Shifting air and tiny winds or what have you. “And don’t use that as an excuse to torture yourself, either. Come or don’t based on your own shit, Murdock.” He squared his shoulders and looked at Matt dead on, firing-squad style. Matt tilted his head and faced Foggy’s general direction. Not quite where someone who wasn’t blind would look, even if they were avoiding his gaze, and it was so familiar, so comforting, that Foggy wanted to beat himself up, just a little bit, for finding it endearing.“Of course I want to go,” Matt said. He opened his mouth to say more, but he swallowed it back and tucked his chin inward, lips pursed like a politician who’s sorry he’s been caught. Foggy let his breath out slow and measured. He was so damn tired of these silences, but to Matt they weren’t silent at all, were they? They were louder than any shouting. He turned away to rest his head on the window.

—
They probably would have spent the entire two hour train ride playing conversational chicken if someone hadn’t beefed so loudly in the bathroom that the whole car rattled. A smattering of giggles rose up around them before people could get a grip on themselves, but everyone took their place in the comfortable social lie that farts were not totally frigging hilarious soon enough. Foggy glanced at Matt only to find him smirking, and damned if it didn’t make Foggy smile.Then, the bathroom door slammed open and the flatulent offender exited, only to flee into a different car. People near the bathroom grumbled and moved seats, and even on the other end of the car, Foggy got a whiff — the guy had clearly had Emergency Sewage Ass. While Foggy could feel for anyone with a bad case of ESA, his sympathies were now almost entirely with his own nose and the noses around him. Foggy casually arranged his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Body Worship
Senses
frank discussion of bodily functions
Barebacking

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

