Work Text:

“Why don’t you start at the beginning?”

 

James didn’t respond, staring down at his shaking hands. Blood had congealed and dried along the creases of his palms, more blood becoming especially apparent beneath the torn sleeve of his left arm.

 
“Detective Barnes,” the man prompted gently, but James couldn’t bring himself to look up, hypnotized by the rusty-red decorating his skin. “Detective Barnes.” Bucky startled awake, heart hammering. His hands were trembling as he fumbled to turn on the light. Dimly, he recalled the techniques he’d been taught in therapy, mumbling, “Thirty-seven days,” his eyes flicked to the digital clock, “Nineteen hours, twenty-six minutes.” His hands continued to shake. His lips trembled. “Thirty-seven days, nineteen hours, twenty-six minutes,” he repeated, voice shaking softly. “Thirty-seven...” He repeated the numbers to himself until the shaking subsided, forcing himself to relax into the mattress. Bucky glanced at the clock and smiled humorlessly. “Thirty-seven days, nineteen hours, forty-eight minutes.” Something about numbers was supposed to ground him. Keeping track of time acutely did ground him. The numbers too. Bucky had always been a numbers guy- thinking that way made sense to him in a way that not much else did. Especially now. Bucky felt that constricting feeling rising up in his throat again, but he shoved it away, angrily muttering, “Thirty-seven days, nineteen hours, forty-nine minutes.” He didn’t manage to go back to sleep. Instead, he turned the TV on and pretended to watch a show about weird houses. He only got out of bed to start the day when the clock changed so that it had been exactly thirty-eight days. It was thirty-eight days and counting. 
 Bucky stared at the post-it note on the refrigerator that had been there for eight days, six hours, and eleven minutes. 
Will be sending company. (X) Fury
 Company had not been sent to the small suburban house, and the note hung over Bucky’s head like a bad omen. First of all, Bucky didn’t need company. He was perfectly capable of defending himself. Secondly, Fury could suck his dick. (Although Bucky was fairly certain the scary FBI agent wasn’t into that sort of thing.) Bucky glanced at the mail stacked neatly on the counter, some envelopes addressed to Buchanan Rogers. Bucky had gotten to pick his first name, figuring that no one had called him “Bucky” since he told his sister that it was a baby’s name and embarrassed her into calling him James instead. Bucky figured it was safe to use it here. It was something he’d respond to and wouldn’t lead anyone to suspicions regarding his actual identity. Even if it was kind of a weird nickname, Bucky liked it. During the eight days (six hours, fifteen- shut up) that he’d been in the house, he’d fallen into a rhythm. He’d pretend to sleep, pretend to watch TV, eat mechanically at the correct times, rinse, and repeat. The mandatory therapist that he’d seen for the three mandatory sessions had basically only been useful for her numbers thing. Bucky hadn’t opened up enough for her to give him a proper diagnoses, but it went without saying that he was fucked up. Bucky didn’t need a fancy degree to come to that conclusion. And he didn’t need help. It was even worse after the- After the- The- Well. “Thirty-eight days, thirty-eight minutes,” Bucky whispered. The neighborhood was fine, at least from what Bucky had seen from his limited exposure thus far. His next-door neighbor to the right waved amiably whenever he saw Bucky timidly venture outside to pick up his mail. His neighbors to the left hadn’t yet acknowledged him, but Bucky thought he saw a middle-aged couple with a teenage girl occupying the house. Across the street were the sweet old ladies who Bucky had only seen once when he was watching the street behind the safety of his window. Next to them (diagonally right from Bucky) was another couple that had left cookies on his doorstep when he’d first moved in. The post-it note attached had a little smiley face and read: from Natasha and Clint AKA your best neighbors. On the other side of the old ladies was some guy who Bucky had only ever seen wearing sunglasses- even at night. He’d scope them all out completely eventually. He was just a little reluctant to leave the house for prolonged periods of time at present. Bucky hadn’t realized that he was staring vacantly at the floor for what was probably too long until there was a knock at the door. Bucky startled, pulse sky-rocketing for a moment. He ignored his nerves and tiptoed quietly to the door. Bucky put a hand on the glock in his belt before he opened the door a crack. Outside stood a tall, nicely-proportioned man. (And by “nicely-proportioned,” Bucky meant “a walking wet-dream.”) The flare of the sun made Bucky squint as he took in the man’s chiseled features, all-American blonde hair, and blue eyes. “Can I help you?” he asked warily. The man ducked his head sheepishly, averting Bucky’s eyes for a second before
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Witness Protection
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Fake Marriage
Mutual Pining
Star Wars as a Plot Device
Bucky has issues
Steve Has Issues
Everyone Has Issues
Bucky/Bagels is the Real OTP
bed sharing
Cuddling
Steve and Bucky Play Fake Relationship Chicken
But They're Both Stubborn and Competative
Drugs
Withdrawal
Torture
Memory Issues
Suburbia
criminal organization
Invasive Neighbors Squad
Overprotective Characters
Angst
Fluff
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

