Work Text:
Steve didn’t even hear him arrive. One minute he was going through his usual workout routine, completely alone, and the next he caught a glimpse of something out of the corner of his eye and turned to see Loki sitting crosslegged on some of the equipment, his head canted at a slight angle and something like a smile playing around the corners of his mouth. Steve gritted his teeth not to jump.He looked a great deal better than he had the last time he’d…dropped in. Steve wasn’t so sure that was a good thing. A Loki beaten within an inch of his life he could handle. A Loki eying Steve like he was a particularly interesting insect – he was less sure of. “Good evening, Captain,” Loki said, perfectly calmly. “Evening,” Steve said shortly. “What are you doing here?” He’d never had much patience for the bantering and dodging around things that Tony seemed to like so much. Loki spread his hands in an eloquent, expansive gesture. “Why, I’d think that clear. Visiting you, Captain.”“I wasn’t expecting a visit,” Steve said blandly. He’d almost begun to relax, after their previous strange encounter. He’d felt a twinge of guilt every time Thor worried aloud over Loki’s continued silence, and wondered sometimes if he was even still alive, but he hadn’t taken Loki’s half-threat terribly seriously. Loki’s eyes glittered with naked amusement. “Would I neglect to attend such interesting company?”“Sir,” said JARVIS’s voice from the ceiling, suddenly, “I have alerted the other Avengers to a hostile presence in the tower. Estimate arrival to your location very shortly.” Steve tensed, bracing himself. “Thank you, JARVIS,” he said, and fixed his stare on Loki. “Did you hear that?”Loki’s expression went – no, there was no other word for it – peeved. “Oh, well,” he said, “That is a bother,” and then he was moving, unfolding and taking quick long strides toward Steve and he was fast-Steve braced himself to defend, and then the world turned inside out.Or that was the closest approximation he could make. His ears popped violently and his stomach heaved with the powerful urge to be sick. Then there was solid ground under his feet again, and he was standing in the middle of what looked like nowhere, a small clearing surrounded by trees, and he only realized after Loki released his arm that he’d been holding it at all. “There,” he said, sounding altogether too pleased with himself. “That should give us a bit of time before I need return you.”Steve took a moment to get his feet under him, and then registered what Loki had just said. And realized that his team would probably just see an empty room, the last word being of Loki’s arrival, and they would not be happy in the least.“Take me back,” Steve said with gritted teeth, and Loki looked startled. “Beg pardon?” “Take me back,” Steve repeated. Loki looked slightly more startled, and then crossed his arms and raised his eyebrows. “No.”Steve took a deep breath through his nose. Don’t lose your temper. He hasn’t attacked yet. Don’t give him a reason to. “My friends,” he said, schooling his voice to level calmness. “The team – they’ll come tracking me. Do you really want to-”Loki waved a dismissive hand. “Not a concern.”Steve’s heart felt like it jumped in his chest and he tensed. “Did you – what did you do?” His voice went sharp, worried, and angry, and he only realized it when Loki’s eyes narrowed dangerously in his direction. “I did not touch them.” Loki tilted his head back and managed quite impressively to look down his nose at Steve, despite the fractional difference in their height. “I deemed that a…disservice.”“A disservice,” Steve said flatly. Loki inclined his head. “I have not forgotten your…aid, Captain. However grudgingly and conditionally given. I am well aware that you might have made things…a great deal more unpleasant than you did.” Steve stared at Loki, incredulous. “This is you…thanking me?”Loki’s eyes narrowed again. “Does it not please you?”“Not-” Steve almost sputtered. “No,” he settled on, finally. “It doesn’t.” Loki’s eyes narrowed a hair further, but the furrow between his eyebrows was one, Steve thought, of confusion, not of anger, even as he tensed. “What does not satisfy you? I have not attempted to attack your realm or your shield companions. I have refrained from taking in flesh and blood the price my pride would ask you to pay for witnessing my humiliation. I have not troubled the dreams of any of your friends, nor did I approach any ofthem before speaking to you. And now I come to thank you in person, and you would-”Where does kidnapping come into that? Steve wanted to snap, but managed to…not. “If you really want to show your gratitude,” he said, ferociously calm, “Then send me back.”Loki’s lips pressed together. His eyes narrowed. “That does not suit me.”“Then you’re keeping me prisoner. That’s not much of a thanks.” His heart was pounding, but he held his ground. “Only out of necessity,” Loki said, and he almost sounded – defensive?  “If you had not se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
beating on characters as an excuse for interaction
Awkward Conversations
bonding sort of
Steve is just a good person
Loki's a goddamn mess
still edging toward Steve/Loki sideways
Loki sleeping in other people's beds is a thing now??
what the fuck am I doing
Post-Movie(s)
Pre-Slash
in which Loki rants a lot but Steve is stubborn
Loki's desperate for company
talking to a skull just isn't working out
if by awkward you mean
conversations with a god of borderline sanity
who has more issues than the new yorker

fandom: 
None
