Work Text:
When Bucky gets the call, he's supervising decontamination on 4th Ave. He almost doesn't pick up, but his supposedly crush-proof comm got stepped on by an AIM grunt the approximate dimensions of a gardening shed about five minutes into the fighting, and it's good odds the team are trying to wrangle him for post-mission fajitas.“James,” Natasha says, and the way she says it is all he needs to know.
Fuck.
“Where is he?” Bucky growls, instead of shrieking like an Irish widow.“Stark Medical, Room 12,” she says, and gets as far as “James, listen—” when Bucky hangs up and starts to run.Arriving on the medical floor is like the worst kind of nightmare. Bucky's had that nightmare. There are guards posted at Steve's door, and Happy Hogan is planted like a tree at the far end of the hall, having a fairly impassioned exchange with someone in surgical scrubs. Other than them, the floor is entirely empty, and quieter than the grave. Bucky can't even hear the beep of a heart monitor, and that makes his stomach ratchet right up into his throat.The last time Steve had needed guards, he'd been unconscious while an unidentified HYDRA agent ran amok through the nursing staff, carrying a syringe full of refined neurotoxin with Steve's name on it. Thor had eventually sussed out the spy and winged him so hard that he stabbed himself with his own death stick, and the entire floor was designated a biohazard for three weeks. The whole disaster been, pound for pound, the most putrid twelve hours of Bucky's post-DC life.And now he's looking at it all over again.Guard #2 checks Bucky's Avengers ID while Guard #1 radios in, looking pretty dubious about the blood caked in Bucky's hair and between the plates of his arm. Bucky bites his tongue as hard as he can, trying to psych himself up for what he's got to face on the other side of that door. Steve, shot full of neurotoxin. Steve, burned beyond recognition. Steve, missing a limb the serum can't grow back. Steve, getting his last rites.By the time Bucky rounds the doorway into Steve's hospital room and sees Sam, flipping through a medical file with a thunderstruck expression, he's prepared himself for just about anything to greet him on the other side of that curtain.What he's not prepared for is Steve saying, “Hey, Buck,” kind of sheepishly, and pushing all five-foot-four inches of himself a bit further up the bed. 

☙
 Natasha pushes Bucky into a chair and Sam bullies him into drinking a bottle of juice before they'll explain anything, because (Sam says) Bucky's looking a little vasovagal, and because (Nat says) she'll only talk once he's clean or hydrated, and since she doesn't have a hose, it'll have to be the latter. Bucky maintains that he's not pale, for chrissakes, it's just concrete dust, but Sam is unmoved.He doesn't bother arguing with Natasha.Steve looks...good, for a guy who lost 10 inches and 100-some-odd pounds shortly after getting a building dropped on his head. There's a nasty scrape on his cheekbone that's shiny with antiseptic cream, and his hair is a disaster zone, but it just makes him look more the part—tiny Steven Rogers, fresh from a punch-out and looking for more trouble. The only thing that keeps Bucky from believing that Steve's just been scooped up right from 1939 is the wiry muscle on Steve's skinny arms, and the easy way he's breathing.“But you're okay,” Bucky says, for the third time.“I'm fine.” Steve doesn't quite roll his eyes. “Bruise the size of Texas on my back, if you really need something to mom me about.”“Yeah, Captain Coordination, you're going to have a colourful weekend,” Tony says, swapping Bucky's empty bottle with a protein bar before he's fully registered that Tony is in the room. Tony waves a thick folder, fanning himself. “Bruce still has his nose stuck in your myocytes, so I'm designated gopher.”“Hit me,” says Steve.Fifteen minutes of jargon and obscure pop culture references later, only about half of which he actually gets, what Bucky gathers is this:Some asshole AIM bio-engineer, instead of using his obvious genius to, y'know, cure AIDS or something, decides to spend his weekends developing a machine that nullifies the super-serum. Why Dr. Asshole decided to waste his time doing that when he could have just built a really big gun is anyone's guess, but Bucky's not about to go bother the guy's remains for an answer. Remains, because the stupid gadget exploded on launch, taking out Dr. Asshole, a dozen of his AIM buddies, and the—thankfully empty, except for Steve—building next door.The part of the ramble Bucky really cares about is how the serum and the Vita-Rays did different things. Bucky'd always sort of tuned Howard out, because that's the only sane way to deal with a Stark, and Steve had constantly been Dr. Erskine this, Dr. Erskine that, but apparently the original process wouldn't have worked without both. While the Vita-Rays were supposed to cure Steve's medical woes and build the foundation for his new body, the serum
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
De-Serumed Steve Rogers
avengers fluff
Pining
Crossdressing
Genderfluid Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

