Chapter 1





Chapter Text
No matter what you hear in the press or the tabloids, superheroes aren't as issue-free as they look. Captain America is a fun person, in spite of his losing every freaking bit of connection to a past that, for him, was only a couple of months ago. Hawkeye looks dangerous, but that's just his resting face; inside he's completely capable of pranking you and laughing his ass off the whole time.Don't get me started on Tony Stark. He's nothing but issues.Of all the bunch, you'd think that the most balanced person would be Bruce Banner. After all, the guy has to maintain or morph, right? Turns out he has issues, like anybody else, but the skills he has to manage them is nothing short of brilliant. Like a lot of stuff he does.So, a brainy, brilliant, complicated, *cough* older *cough* PhD with a shabby wardrobe and a low-key presence. And me, former poli sci major and current consultant to SHIELD, young, brassy, and fresh from the boonies of New Mexico. A match not made in heaven, it would seem.Guess neither of us got that memo. We would have laughed our own asses off, eventually.*Actually, we were laughing, at some interview Tony had done where he flirted outrageously with the (male) reporter and then solemnly swore that he and Pepper were Soul Mates Forever and that they were going to get married one of these days. I've never seen a guy get his hopes up so high, so fast, as that interviewer. I only hope nothing else got up that high and that fast while they were flirting."And he came back to the Tower all businesslike and demure," Bruce was saying to me, "but when the interview aired the following night, Pepper was calling everyone's phone to find Tony. She was in Paris and he'd turned his phone off and gone to ground somewhere - even JARVIS couldn't say where he'd gone."I let out a last guffaw and rubbed my teary-from-giggling eyes, and the next thing I know Bruce must have spotted his chance, because he threw an arm around my shoulders and planted his mouth on mine.Wow. I mean, wow. The man's lips look so soft, but when they're having their way with mine - well, complete surrender is the only option. Happily I surrendered and let him storm the castle, which is to say he got past the gate and started marauding the inside of my mouth. He tried to retreat once and I got my hand on the back of his head and indicated my total willingness to continue.Endless minutes later, he was giving me puppy dog eyes that put to shame anything Tony Stark had ever conjured up."Is that okay?" he said, but he looked like he wanted to do more of it whether it was or not."Yes," I said firmly. "Very okay. More than okay."He smiled that crooked little smile of his and said, "Tell me if it becomes not okay."I didn't have a chance to say, "Okay," because once again the tide of his tongue was rising in my mouth and I was sinking. (Sometimes the romance novel cliches are actually appropriate.)When I had a chance, I said, "So, you don't need air to live, is that it?"He laughed and gave me a squeeze with the arm around my shoulders."Not when you're around."I showed my approval of his answer by diving in for more osculation.*Things progressed from there. Not rapidly, because I like a man with a slow hand (sometimes the song cliches work, too) and that seemed to suit Bruce just fine. Mostly we made out on the couch in the common area; I've found this to be a good strategy for keeping your date's hands out of your clothes, because anyone could walk in any time.(Though I can't imagine anybody objecting to Bruce getting some action; the dude got nowhere near the attention from the fangirls that the other guys did.)Fortunately, that didn't stop us from fondling each other over our clothes. Bruce's tend to be so rumpled that no one could tell he'd been groped, and as for me, well, I usually remembered to dress loose and casual for nights when I dropped in at the Tower.Bruce would settle in kissing me and then deploy his hands as thoroughly as possible, while I generally sat back (or hung on) and let myself be ravished. I tried a couple of times to shove him over on the couch, planning to climb on him, but it wasn't much of an effort and when he asked if I wanted him to stop, I left off shoving and pulled him back in for more.So it progressed, from hands on top of clothes above the waist, then below the waist, then full-length hugging and grinding. That's not all we did - I mean, we had dinner and talked and drank and hung out on movie nights with the rest of the gang.Then there came the night I arrived directly from an academic interview. I was wearing something cream-colored that fit really well (my paycheck had enabled me to buy custom clothing, at last) and yes, it did allow for some fleeting glimpses of bra lace.We didn't have any set plans that evening; it was movie night but I didn't know what was showing in the main lounge. I never did find out. Bruce took one look at me, glanced at the door to the common area, gra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Size Kink
Frottage
Oral Sex
First Time
POV First Person
POV Female Character

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

