Work Text:
They were almost ready to go when it happened. More than almost. They were walking out of the door, Peter bundled in mismatched mittens and a pom-pom laden scarf that Wade had picked out for him, and Wade in a cannibalized Santa suit that was really just his normal Deadpool suit with white fur sewn around the cuffs and in a line down his chest as if there were buttons there, and a Santa hat with the fluffiest pom Peter had ever seen. They were stepping out of the door, one foot across the threshold, when a full-body shudder wracked Peter’s body. 
He stopped, and Wade, hyper aware of Peter’s every movement, stopped as well.
“Don’t tell me,” Wade warned, fiddling with the pom of his hat. He worried his lower lip between his teeth.
Peter met Wade’s gaze with an apologetic expression. “Spidey senses are tingling.”
Wade’s shoulders dropped. “Can you ignore it? Just this once?” he asked plaintively, not really believing Peter would.
Peter grimaced. “It won’t take long. Probably. Come with me to help out and I’ll wrap whatever it is up even faster.”
Wade flopped against the wall dramatically. “But Peeeteey! I don’t want to be late for Aunt May’s!”
Peter patted a single green mitten against Wade’s shoulder. “Me too. But she’ll understand, and she’d probably be more upset if she found out that we, you know, blew off saving, I don’t know, a single mother and her child from murderers in order to get first dibs on her spiral ham.”
Wade opened his eyes wide, pleadingly. “But ham, Petey. Ham.”
Peter paused for a moment, examining Wade’s expression, before he broke into a wide grin. “I’ll let you keep the hat on.”
Wade spun on his heel, grabbed his mask from the drawer in the end table by the couch, and was back by Peter’s side in almost no time at all. He pulled the hat off his head only long enough to don the mask before slamming the red velvet back on. 
Wade pointed his Chin at Peter’s chest. “Your turn, baby boy. Suit up. The sooner we get out there and save the universe the sooner we can get to Auntie May’s and gorge ourselves on ham and fruitcake.”
Peter made a face because, ew, fruitcake. And then sheepishly unzipped his parka, revealing his suit. 
“A little over-prepared, don’t you think?” Wade asked.
Peter rolled his eyes. “Considering that something actually did turn up, I’m going to go with no this time. Not over-prepared. Just prepared enough.”
“Does that mean you’re wearing the Spidey gloves beneath your mittens?”
Peter shook his head and unzipped an inner pocket in his parka, pulling out his suit’s gloves and mask. He quickly shed his mittens to put on his gloves and pulled the mask over his head. “Done.”
Wade pointed dramatically at Peter’s blue jeans and his bright red parka. Peter sighed and quickly unzipped and stepped out of his pants, revealing his suit, but looking down at his fluffy, red, parka he made a face beneath the mask.
“But, baby it’s cold outside,” Peter sung, because he didn’t really want to go out there without his warm overcoat. 
Wade chuckled and sidled closer to zip up the parka over Peter’s suit. “Alright Petey-pie, let’s go save Christmas.”

***
As it turned out, that was exactly what they had to do. To an extent. 
Swinging through the streets with Wade clinging to his back like some deranged Santa turned cowboy, (with Peter playing the horse, because why the hell not, right?) Peter realized that he probably should have kept his pants on. It was cold. It wasn’t snowing… yet (dreaming of a white Christmas), but it was the kind of sharp sunny day that was going to leave Peter’s lips chapped even beneath the mask and his ears numb.
But, it was Christmas, and Peter was willing to forgive the chill, and the chapped lips, and Wade clutching to him and yee-hawing, but what he wasn’t able to forgive were the two mean-spirited women, dressed as Santa’s elves, who were robbing an apartment on 8th St. Especially since, as Peter launched the two of them onto the fire escape outside the living room window, Peter could hear the sound of scared children whimpering and crying somewhere in the home.
“There are kids in there,” Peter whispered into Wade’s neck as the man knelt to jimmy the window open.
“Messing with kids on Christmas!? What kind of Scrooge are these chicks? That’s just downright mean!”
Peter took another look inside the building. “Not scrooge. They’re dressed like elves.” He squinted. “Pointy ears and everything.”
“I’m going to deck them right in the halls!”
Peter snorted in surprise. “Misuse lyrics on your own time. Now your job is to focus on opening that window.”
Wade turned and waggled his eyebrows as he silently slid the window up.
Peter let out a huff. “Alright, I take it back. Now get in there and rescue those kids, you freeloader!”
Wade sketched a bow before launching himself through the newly opened window with a “You better watch out! You better not cry (out in pain)! You better not pout (when I punch you in the face)! I’m telling you why.”
Peter took a quick moment 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Christmas
Christmas Dinner
Romance
Fights
Action
Humor
Just trying to get to Aunt May's
Canon-Typical Violence
Fluff
Christmas Fluff
Not copy to another site
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

