Work Text:
There's a week where Clint falls off every damn thing he climbs on or that Tony deposits him on top of, and frankly, Tony's almost a bit surprised that he makes it to Friday, at the rate he's going. And then there's a gap of nothing, nothing, more nothing, alien threat and then nothing again, and then the next time Clint falls off something, he's wearing a collar. He comes back to the rendezvous point snarking at Tony, and is grinning up and back at him, bow in one hand, when Steve catches him by the back of the neck and hooks a couple of fingers under the edge of the collar to check that it's alright and to steer Clint towards the medic for a once-over.And that's the picture the media go with; Clint half-turned and grinning, and Steve catching him by the collar.The public, as the public is wont to do, make a fuss about it. Tony would make a fuss about it, too. Mock Clint like he had never been mocked before, and set a bar for all mockery to come, except that the second after that shot is taken, Clint goes oddly quiet and pliant under Steve's hand and doesn't respond to Tony's ribbing on the way home other than to glance at Steve and slouch further down in his seat.-----Everything's been so chaotic and moving so fast that Steve doesn't even stop to consider who's what on his new team until they're leaving a debrief and Fury says, quietly, not meant to be heard by the rest of them, "A second, Barton. If you will?" And Steve's not used to hearing Fury's sentences end with a question mark, so despite himself, despite knowing that whatever is being said is supposed to be private, he lingers in the hall, just close enough that his enhanced hearing can pick up Fury saying, "Clint," instead of Barton or Agent or Specialist, and following it with, "Been doing real good," and, "but if you need to, you come find me," and, "will send me everything in motherfucking triplicate if I don't keep you in order."It's not the kind of tone Steve would have thought Clint, of all people, would put up with, so he's surprised to hear him laugh, low and friendly, with an ease Steve hadn't known Clint shared with the director. When he says, "Thank you, sir," it's just as soft, but also with a quiet note in it that Steve would recognize anywhere and he feels a bit guilty for doing it, but he glances through the gap in the cracked open door just in time to see Fury card his fingers through Clint's hair in a casual, friendly gesture. It's not possessive in any way, really, but it is telling. Clint is a sub, and somehow Steve hadn't known. Hadn't even suspected. He realizes he's been running under the assumption that the team consists of doms and Thor, with maybe a neutral or a switch thrown in but keeping quiet about it. Considering the work, it's not that unlikely for the team makeup to tend towards doms. Not when there isn't a pressing need to throw any available body into a uniform. Still, he's surprised to be taken by surprise. But then, Clint doesn't kneel, not once that Steve has seen. Doesn't bow his head when people speak to him, unless it's Fury and he's being chewed out, and to be fair, all of them do that, because Fury is a force to be reckoned with. Except maybe Bruce, because no one really wants to yell at Bruce with real venom in their tone. No one is that stupid. For a while after the revelation, Steve watches the team, but they still don't treat Clint like a sub. And it's not that they don't know, because when Tony gets into arguments with him, and it's Tony's sarcasm against Clint's sass, he'll sometimes say something like, "And that's why you don't have a collar, Smartmouth," and Clint will grin and let him have the last word. But Clint won't let anyone have the last word in anything that's not mostly empty banter. Not even Steve, and it's getting to him, because he's honestly worse than Tony with the back-talk, and Steve hadn't thought that was possible.-----For a newly collared sub, Clint doesn't seem that thrilled. In fact, he wears clothing that will cover it. There's a lot of hooded sweatshirts recently, the material bunching around his neck and obscuring the dull gleam of the collar's matte finish. Tony recognizes the make, it's one of his, fancy and code-locked. Elegant like jewelry, the Stark Industries logo stylized and unobtrusive on what Tony thinks of as the buckle section, where the flexible metallic material of the collar slides through to adjust, the length fixable at the lock, a smooth catch with seemingly old fashioned combination tumblers, number faces and an additional blank one, designed to match the rest of the collar and disguise the mechanism while it's being worn. Clint fiddles with them constantly, his thumb clicking through the digits. The thing, when Tony catches sight of it, is always a mess, displaying half-visible numbers, never tidily set to the metal faces that make the collar pretty. Weirder, for a newly collared sub, Clint doesn't seem eager for alone time with his dom, forev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
D/s-verse
Abuse
Non Consensual
I wrote this for the kink meme
Man Out of Time
Hurt/Comfort
maybe domestic violence
traumatic D/s situations
forced collaring

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

