Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
--Charles stares at the numbers on his arm.It’s the first proper reaction Erik has seen in years, and never from someone so young. Humanity suffers from a persistent case of amnesia when it comes to history, which is why it repeats itself over and over again, even the darkest pages.Especially the darkest pages.Charles was born when the war already was a memory. Erik wouldn’t have held it against him, even if Charles did ask him about his unusual choice of ink.But Charles doesn’t ask.His eyes fly up to meet Erik’s for a moment, startled, expecting anything from a shout to a slap. When Erik fails to provide either, Charles’s gaze drops back to the tanned skin of his arm, his fingers tensing momentarily around Erik’s wrist. He leans a little closer for a better look, then brings his free hand up, his thumb following the string of numbers, brushing so very gently.The touch undoes him. Erik snaps, jerking his arm free. Charles gasps, eyes widening in panic. He goes rigid as Erik grabs him roughly by the hip and the back of his neck, pulling him flush against Erik’s front, holding him fast. Charles breathes loudly through his mouth as Erik’s fingers dig into his nape, gripping, ruthless. Erik is so much stronger than this beautiful, clueless boy, who has no hope of winning a staring contest against Erik but keeps on looking anyway, brave little fool.Erik inhales deeply, memorizing the already too-familiar scent – a combination of cheap aftershave, too-jarring lavender laundry detergent, and, most of all, cinnamon from that caffeinated monstrosity he’d spilled not ten minutes ago. Charles lets out a quiet, helpless whimper, terrified that the sound will escape before it even does. A tremor runs through him, sinking into Erik like a jolt of power through the conduit of his fingers, and Erik feels a huge flywheel begin to spin slowly inside of him, uncoiling, inevitable, picking up speed.He will have this. If only just this once, he will.With a growl of triumph, he bites into Charles’s lips, plump and soft like sweet cherries, savoring the pained, shocked moan he gets in return. He tugs Charles’s head back by the hair, adjusting the angle, and kisses him, rude and selfish, the way he’s certain Charles has never been kissed before, careless, airheaded little heartbreaker that he is, with eyes that promise too much to all the wrong people.Erik loses himself in the stinging, slick warmth of Charles’s mouth, tight like a fruit just short of its prime, bursting with too much flavor. Charles’s throat vibrates with desperate little noises that can’t escape as his fingers curl in Erik’s shirt, clawing, blunt nails sinking into skin through the fabric, and oh, what wouldn’t Erik do to him if given half the chance. He moves his hand from Charles’s hip to his ass, and the sound Charles makes slams into Erik, goading him away from sanity like a red cloth in front of a bull.Erik grinds into him, forceful, inconsiderate, the sadistic urge in him to make Charles feel it all – the consequences of his too-bright smiles, of seductive intelligence behind his eyes, of unbuttoned shirt collars and his goddamned freckles. He wants to punish Charles, since he can’t have him. He wants the lesson to linger.“Erik,” Charles rasps, breathless, once Erik tears away for air.Erik grits his teeth and looks at him. Charles stares back, his lashes spiky with tears, his mouth a vivid, bruised stain on the pale oval of his face. He’s still clinging to Erik. He’s shaking.It takes a herculean effort to uncurl his fingers, but Erik does, slowly, his hands heavy as lead.“You should go,” he says, his voice wooden, remote.Charles draws in a breath. “Erik—”“Go, Charles,” Erik growls. “Just go.”Being an idiot, the boy lingers. The touch of his hand is hesitant but torturously warm on Erik’s arm.  “I’m sorry.”His footsteps are rabbit-fast and unsteady, too light, down the steps of Erik’s porch.Erik looks up into the vague haze of the sky, at the bright, taunting grin of the new moon. Hands curled into fists, he walks into the house, shutting the door behind him.--The movers show up on a Tuesday, the last week of August. Erik watches the ugly white van crawl backward into the driveway of the house next to his. Looks like it’s been sold at last.Only the curiosity of a cat rivals that of a writer. Erik pushes away from his typewriter and goes to make tea – black and strong, with slice of lemon. When he comes back, a brick red VW Beetle that looks ancient enough to be a World War II trophy has joined the van. Erik lifts an eyebrow.He sees the girl first. She’s handsome in a healthy, blond-cherub kind of way that went out of style after Twiggy, much to the chagrin of Earth’s male population. Erik stares at the girl’s thighs without remorse – she’s wearing a miniskirt, and he’ll be damned if he doesn’t appreciate the show – and curses both fashion gods and human stupid
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - No Powers
First Time
Age Difference
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Suspense
Plotty
Romance
Drama
Past Child Abuse
Homophobia
Angst
Alternate Universe - Historical

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

