Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I'm not going to make it.”Tony looked up from the project that he'd been pretending to work on.  “Yes, you will,” he said.  He tried a smile, but it was strained.  It hurt.  He held it anyway, because he was used to that.  DJ didn't respond, and Tony's fingers were too tight on his tablet.  “Hey.”  He leaned forward.  “Yes.  You will.”DJ sucked in a breath, and another.  It was labored.  “No,” he said, his voice very small.  “I'm not.”  He scrubbed both hands over his face.  “I-”  His face twisted up.  “I can't get it.  I can't-  Can't-” His back was rising and falling with the force of his breathing, and Tony dropped his tablet onto the work bench, moving swiftly around to the other side.  “Okay,” he said, trying to keep his voice calm.  “Okay.  It's okay.”“Not,” DJ gasped out, one hand scraping at the workbench, knocking a tool to the ground with a mechanical clang.  Tony caught DJ's head between his hands, his grip firm, giving DJ an anchor point.  “We have time,” Tony whispered.  “Deep breath.  Slow.  Inhale.  Hold it.  Exhale.”DJ followed the instructions, conditioned to do as he was told in the midst of an axiety attack.  A few more deep breaths, and he was capable of words again.  “It's Christmas Eve,” DJ said, his voice very soft, and very sad.  “It's...  Not.”  He swallowed.  “Not okay.” Tony glanced at the clock.  “Not for another three hours,” he said.  “And we've got hours after that.  We've got  whole day before official Christmas Present Time.”  He leaned in, forcing DJ's head up.  “Look at me.  Hey.  Look at me.”  DJ's eyes flicked up, meeting his, and Tony smiled at him.  “We can do this.”DJ's mouth went thin and tight.  “Wanted to do it.  Myself.”“Yeah.”  Tony nodded.  “I know you did.  And you-” He glanced at the schematics that filled the air, rotating around them.  “You did.  You did it, Deej.  You're so close.”  He looked back at DJ.  “You just need an extra-”  He stopped, a smile blooming on his face.  “A helping hand.”  He leaned in, pressing his forehead against DJ's.  “Just like I did.”DJ was still breathing too fast, too hard, but he was calming, by steps and by stages.  Tony could feel the tension bleeding out of him, bit by bit.  Tony held up a hand.  “I needed you so badly I nearly killed myself making you,” he said, just to see a smile curl DJ's lips.  “Didn't I?”DJ took a breath.  Let it out.  “You're-”  He swallowed.  “A lousy helper, Dad.”Tony made a face at him.  “Brat.  Fine.  I'm a lousy helper, fine, all you need is someone to hold things for you while you weld, right?  Maybe get the fire extinguisher if things go really wrong.”  He straightened up, his fingers sliding away from DJ's head. “Besides, it's not just me, is it?”Understanding dawned, and DJ's head came up.  Butterfingers and You were hovering next to the bench, and when he looked in their direction, they bounced their arms up and down.  “I do say sir is correct,” Jarvis said.  “There is still time.  There is always time.  Provided we are still attempting to complete our work.  You have missed a deadline or two in your time, but you've always finished your work.”On the bench, next to DJ's arm, Furbro stood up on his back legs, a miniaturized electrical relay held delicately in his teeth.  DJ held out his hand, and Furbro darted into his palm.  DJ held him up.  “We can-” He sucked in another breath, and let his eyes close.  “We can do it.”Tony reached out, ruffling his hair with a rough hand.  “You can do it,” he said, serious now.  “I know you can.  You just need some help.”  He took a deep breath and pushed his sleeves up to the elbow, the gesture an old, comforting one. “And that's what we're here for.”DJ smiled, just a little.  “Thanks.”“Thank me later, when we're done,” Tony told him.  “Okay, we've got one night, and we have a lot of work to do.  Get the helpers in line, and figure out what to do first.”“Brew coffee?” DJ asked.“That's my son.  Jarvis?” Tony asked, waving a hand through air.  “Time for the emergency stuff.  The stuff with a medical warning label on it.  The stuff that Steve thinks was put in the incinerator.”“I shall brew a pot of your best and alert poison control,” Jarvis said.“Keep them on standby, but I think we can handle it.  Righ?” Tony asked, grinning at DJ.  And DJ grinned back, wobbly and weak, but a grin none the less.  “Right.”Tony nodded.  “Let's save Christmas.”*Steve woke up alone.He reached out, his fingers sliding over Tony's pillow, and found it cool to the touch.  He heaved a slight sigh, rolling over.  “Jarvis, did he get to bed at all last night?”“I'm afraid that neither of them have had a chance to sleep,” Jarvis said.  “I've encouraged them both to do so, but my recommendations count for very little when they are in this state.”  He paused.  “Perhaps, if you wouldn't mind, you might intercede?”“Yeah, sounds about right,” Steve said, throwing the covers back.  “What am I dealing with here?”“Difficult to say,” Jarvis said, his voice apologeti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Christmas
holiday fun
In-Laws
Fluff
teenage romance

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

