Chapter 1: The Proposal
    




Chapter Text

June 26th, 2015
It was like watching the Running of the Bulls in Pamplona. These kids sprinting across the steps of the Supreme Court, cheers and screaming off camera, each one clutching a piece of paper like a lifeline. Bucky was entranced, watching it unfold over and over again on his computer.An event that had happened years ago, before Bucky had even come back to Steve, and here he was, hiding out in their office-slash-art room at four o’clock in the morning, watching the damn video loop like it was a live event.True, gay marriage had been legalized in New York State years even before this event, but the significance of it being legalized across the country had Bucky transfixed to this six seconds of history.Because, never in his life had he ever thought he would have had a chance like this. Because there was a reason Bucky had pushed Steve towards Peggy at the first inkling of interest between the two. And yet, here he and Steve both were, more than a lifetime later, and Bucky was watching their chance actually become real on a not-so-live video loop.With a quiet groan, Bucky dropped his head down onto his arm against the desk. How the hell was he supposed to do this?He took several deep breaths to steady himself as panic seized his heart in a vice-like grip.This isn’t news, you idiot. The video wasn’t news, and gay marriage wasn’t news, and everything was commonplace now, and none of this was fucking news.Except. Except for what Steve had said to Sam on the phone earlier that day. Right here in this very room, when Bucky had come looking for him. In a conversation that had pulled him up short.“I don’t know if I can do this, Sam,” Steve had said. “I mean, we've talked about our future, but you'd be surprised how many times those conversations didn't include us talking about getting married. Maybe I was kidding myself about moving forward. What if all of this just turns out to be a big mistake?”Marriage. Mistake. Those words had frozen Bucky to the spot. He’d glanced around, that overwhelming sensation of being caught out making his brain seize up, though no one had been around to witness him overhearing Steve's conversation.  Steve had gone on, completely unaware. “What do you mean, have I thought about it? Of course I've thought about it. I —” Sam must have cut him off, and Bucky’d crept closer to the door. His heart had been ramming in his chest, but he’d kept his breathing controlled. Quiet.“Okay, Sam, just stop for a second. Of course I'm freaked out. This doubt... I haven't felt anything like it since he came back to me, and I was constantly on edge that I was going to spook him and he'd run. And maybe I could very well lose him, but at least... At least then I'd know.”Lose him? Why did Steve think he was gonna lose him?Unable to breathe, the next thing Bucky’d known, he had his keys in hand and was out the door. It was a coward's move, but... All right, fine, fuck, he'd panicked, okay?He’d walked the not-short distance over to Prospect Park and had proceeded to spend the next several hours trying to talk himself out of a legitimate panic attack.Of course, Steve had texted him. Repeatedly. Bucky had only fibbed a little when he’d told Steve that he felt like a bad day was creeping on and had left to get some air. For all intents and purposes, it was true. Steve just didn’t need to know that he was the cause of the sudden bad day.Bucky checked the counter on the old vine video, and was slightly horrified to see he now accounted for almost thirteen-hundred of the loops. Okay, that was bad. He really needed to go to sleep.It took another hundred loops, but Bucky finally managed to crawl into bed. Steve was softly snoring, but that didn’t stop him from shuffling over and wrapping himself around Bucky. He always did seem to gravitate Bucky’s way when he slept, regardless of seasons or temperatures.Bucky ran a hand through Steve’s hair before leaning in and kissing him lightly on the forehead. “I love you, Stevie,” he whispered against sleep-warm skin. “Please don’t leave me.”He wrapped an arm around this man he loved so fiercely, and pulled him tightly in. Held on and willed the ache in his chest to subside. He still had Steve in his arms, and he’d be damned if he was going to lose him over something as silly as a piece of paper that only served to change what they called each other. Not that he thought it would. Boyfriend or husband, Bucky would always just be his. Be Steve’s. That’s all that had ever mattered to him.He cupped the back of Steve’s head and breathed him in — his beautiful man, sleeping so peacefully — and resolve settled over him. He knew what he had to do. He had to propose. Let Steve know he wanted it too, and rid Steve of all those thoughts of leaving Bucky because they weren’t moving forward. Let Steve know that Bucky really did want forever with him.“I don’t know how to do this,” he continued, hitched, overwhelmed. “I don’t know what yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Wedding
Wedding Planning
Proposals
Anxiety
Fluff and Angst
schmoopiness
a lot of it
seriously
there will be toothaches
This is the wedding story you all wanted
for our two giant noodles
There's stupidity
And love
and more stupidity
but trips down memory lane
you'll love it
I promise

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

