Work Text:
Phil stares down at the heavy-lidded eyes and wet, reddened mouth of the man in his bed, and his brain honest-to-god short-circuits. "Please, Phil," Clint Barton says, low and hoarse, white, even teeth sinking into his lower lip before letting it slide back out from between them. "Please, Daddy, fuck me."---
Earlier
"Oh my fuck, did you see that guy?" Marcus squeaks, excited and almost pathetically eager. All Clint can do is roll his eyes and keep his mouth shut, because he's not that guy, he's not the kind of asshole who'll sink to kink shaming. Everyone is entitled to like what they like. Doesn't mean he has to join in, though. There's just the three of them here tonight, all gay as fairies -- they'd bonded over it the first week in their college dorm. Marcus and David are very much into older men, and so they dragged Clint with them to the classiest watering hole they could find -- which, Clint has to admit, is pretty damn classy. Soft lighting, leather chairs and booths, glass and chrome tables, architectural lampshades, excellent bar design -- yeah. Clint can get used to this. He'd put on his best pair of black slacks and a light blue shirt open at the collar, and he more or less fits in, even with his sleeves rolled to midway up his arms -- he hates having clothing over his wrists; it makes his skin itch and feel too small for his body, reminds him too much of what he actually wants there. And though his friends are determined to end the night with a sugar daddy in their thrall, Clint is perfectly content to just soak up the atmosphere and return the smouldering glances he catches every now and again, from men as well as women. It's fun, makes him feel hot, desirable, wanted."Gonna go get a drink," he tells Marcus, who is busy making eyes at an African-American older man with silver in his finely coiffed hair. Marcus waves him off and bats his eyelashes in the guy's direction. Clint isn't even halfway across the room before Marcus has insinuated himself in the crook of the older man's arm, and the latter has his head nearly buried in Marcus's neck. Yeah, he'll be alright. David is at the other end of the room, in a dark corner with a silver-haired man; they look to be doing rather a lot more than talking. Clint grins wryly. It's fine, he's used to being left to his own devices. At least he can get a nice drink, spend a little while daydreaming about really fitting in, not just play-acting like he's doing now -- of one day being wealthy enough, successful enough, good enough to make it in here without having to pretend.The bar is lavishly appointed, with beautifully-executed lighting that conforms to the shape of the room and still manages to throw just the right kind of shadows over the area it covers. As an Architecture major Clint is kind of conditioned to pay attention to these things. It's probably why it takes him so long to notice the man at the bar.He isn't much taller than Clint -- in fact, he might be a couple of inches shorter, but he carries himself in such a way that he looks like he's at least six-feet-plus tall. His hair is thinning a little, but it gives him an air of authority rather than detract from it. Clint slides his eyes over the man's trim body, notes the excellent cut of his suit, the expensive yet tasteful cufflinks, the $500 shoes, the heavy watch on the man's left wrist. All signs point to at least comfortably wealthy, if not more. At the same time, he looks unassuming -- if you didn't note the sharpness of his eyes, the set of his jaw, the curl of his mouth as he watches the room. As he watches Clint.Clint swallows dryly. This isn't like him; he's usually pretty cool around guys, he has no trouble flirting, or sending them packing, or just playing until he gets bored -- but this man, something tells Clint that his usual approach won't hold up here. This is a man who does not suffer fools gladly; who can dissect him with a few well-chosen words. By all accounts, Clint should run for the hills.He walks closer instead, helplessly drawn in, like a moth to a flame. He leans on the bar, mirroring the man's pose, and tries not to feel like a sixteen-year-old with his first real crush, like a child playing at being a grown-up. Something about this man makes Clint feel small, young, in the best kind of way -- because this is a man who can handle that, who, if Clint would let him, is very much capable of taking care of him. The thought terrifies and exhilarates him all at once."What can I get you, sir?" the barman asks, startling Clint from where he has been staring, sweet Jesus, he's better than that."Um, vodka tonic with a twist of lime, please," he says, trying to sound his usual confident self. "Forgive me for asking, sir, but may I see an ID?"Clint sighs, longing for the day when his baby face won't get him automatically carded. He reaches inside his back pocket and takes out his driver's licence, letting the bartender take a good look at it. "Thank you, sir. My apolog
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Age Difference
Explicit Sexual Content
issues of self-worth
issues of self-confidence
emotional hurt/comfort of a kind
First Time
Romance
Falling In Love
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
elements of d/s

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

