Chapter 1



Notes:
This is a gift that I've been meaning to write for a while. This is only the first chapter, but it will touch on a lot of issues later on in the story so please read the tags before proceeding. Thank you!




Chapter Text
The thing was, Tony didn’t remember sleeping with the guy.  He didn’t remember meeting him at the gala, he couldn’t recall making out with him at the bar, or getting in the taxi with him to go back to his hotel.  Tony had no memory of the sex either, but he woke up feeling like it was pretty good.  He was sore, every inch of him screamed as if the activities from the night before had been rougher and more enthusiastic than he was used to.  That was saying a lot.The sex wasn’t really his concern, Tony didn’t care if he had sex with some strange man after some gala for one charity or another.  What did startle him was that he didn’t remember, Tony hadn’t drunk so much that he couldn’t remember the night before in years.  He didn’t want to think of the reasons he had for doing it now.“Last night was great.”  The man next to him said.  Tony hummed in acknowledgement.He felt sick.  He definitely drank more than he had in a long time just based on the hangover.  He was going to throw up, like some teenager just learning how to drink for the first time.  It was ridiculous.  Tony didn’t even think he could get to the bathroom, the thought of moving making him feel sicker than he already was.“We should do that again.”  The man said, his mouth dripping to Tony’s bare shoulder.  “I’m free tonight if you want, or right now.”Tony rolled over, the hotel room seemed nice enough.  The man had money, enough to afford five star hotels.  Five Star hotels generally had incredibly comfortable beds and amazing showers.  The place was comfortable enough, no need to rush himself.  He closed his eyes and buried his face into the pillow, the sun was a bit too bright today.He probably would have gone back to sleep if not for the hands running up and down his back.  The touch was light, soft.  It tickled more than it soothed.  The hands were soon accompanied by a mouth leaving gentle kisses over his back and neck.“Hey.”  Tony said, his voice rough and his throat dry.  “I bet last night was incredible.  Probably had the time of my life.  But I’m hungover as hell right now and not up for another bout at the moment so why don’t you go do something and I’ll pay for the room later.”The man paused, Tony didn’t have the energy to care.  The bed shifted, the movement jostling Tony too much and the nausea almost overcame him.  This was horrible, he didn’t even remember drinking, much less enough to cause him to black out and get the worst hangover of his life.  The man climbed off the bed and Tony could hear his footsteps walking away, tapping against the tiles as he went into the bathroom.This was a nice hotel.  The sheets were soft and smooth, smelled vaguely of sweat and sex and all other things that hinted at what had happened the night before.  He was warm, Tony rolled over so that his back was to the window and pulled the blanket higher around his shoulders.  He could sleep for a while, he had nothing planned for the day.“Hey, Tony.”  The man said.Tony cracked one eye open to look at him.  He was handsome enough, Tony found it easy to believe that he would sleep with him.  His hair was a mess of dark curls and a well-groomed beard, his skin a beautiful, golden tan.  He seemed tall too, from Tony’s point of view lying on the bed.  A handsome man, Tony had taken home worse looking people when under the influence.“Drink this, you’ll feel better.”  The man held out a glass of water and crouched down to help him drink.Tony lifted his head slightly and let the man put the glass at his lips.  This guy seemed nice enough.  Tony closed his eyes as he pulled away and let his head fall back onto the pillow.  He was exhausted, could already feel himself dropping back off to sleep.  When he wakes up he’ll have to head back to the tower, if he puts it off for too long them he’ll just have to think of a better excuse.  The team will ask questions, Tony needed answers.The man pulled back the blankets and Tony felt him climb in beside him.  Odd, but okay.  Tony didn’t mind cuddling.  The man pressed against his back and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist.  His touch was still soft and he was warm, Tony fell asleep easily in the embrace.He didn’t dream.“Shit, are you still here?”  Tony asked when he still felt the weight of the man against him.  He had to have been asleep for hours.  The clock read well past noon and the sun was no longer shining in through the windows.  “Must have been pretty good sex if you stuck around this long for round two.”He still felt sore, his body aching as he moved to try and sit up.  The man helped him, steadying hands keeping him upright.  He was fully clothed now, a tablet lying across his lap.  Even though he waited, it was clear that he was doing something else, keeping himself occup
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Abusive Relationships
Domestic Violence
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con
Protective Steve
Misunderstandings
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Protective Rhodey
Slow Burn
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Tony Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Anxiety Attacks
References to Civil War
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Sexual Coercion
Past Child Abuse

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

