Work Text:
Bucky’s nose twitched at the aromas of coffee and a homemade breakfast that were luring him out of sleep. He’d come in late -- fuck had he come in late -- but Steve had been as generous as always. He’d greeted Bucky with sleep tousled hair and an inexplicably warm blanket that he draped over his shoulders. It made the knowledge that Bucky was going to have one hell of a hangover a little easier to deal with.He hadn’t expected Steve to get up and make him breakfast. Of course, he didn’t really expect a good 90% of the things Steve did for him. Steve was so… so fucking generous that it made it hard for Bucky to breathe sometimes. He had grown up poor, in a two bedroom, one bathroom apartment. It didn’t sound like that big of a deal until you factored in his parents, himself, and his two sisters. Ultimately, when it became clear that the three children shouldn’t be sharing a room anymore (there was a tantrum to end all tantrums thanks to Rebecca and Katie), Bucky had been moved out to the living room. Sleeping on the couch or the floor wasn’t all that bad, and they’d eventually picked up a couch with a proper fold out at a garage sale. The fact that the fold out smelled a bit rank made Bucky stick to the couch most of the time, but the thought had been a nice one. Moving into the dorms had been a step up for Bucky. The dorms gave him an actual bed of his own that didn’t smell like a stranger’s feet. It gave him the ability to close a door between himself and people making noise. The fact that his roommate was almost never there just helped increase the sense of privacy that living in the dorms gave him. And then there was Steve. Shit, what could he say about the man? He was currently stretched out in his King size bed, cozied in more blankets than the man had any right to own. Steve’s apartment was modest, sure, but it seemed downright ritzy compared to what Bucky was used to. He felt like a bit of an idiot, but he’d been wowed by the fact that Steve owned one of the really nice Keurigs that Bucky had seen in offices. All to himself. Not a company purchase, but a personal one. A Keurig shouldn’t have been the Hallmark of success to him, but it Meant something. It meant that Steve had enough money to spend somewhere around $200 on a fucking coffee pot, not to mention how much all the little K Cups ended up costing. Bucky could probably go through the entire apartment and catalogue just how much Steve spent on creature comforts. Sure, he’d come away from the experience a little dumbfounded, but he could do it. Growing up poor meant that he was mindful of expense. He stretched and sat up, wrinkling his nose at the crick in his neck and the pervasive ache that was crawling around in his skull. He probably shouldn’t have drank as much as he did, but he was still adjusting to the whole ability to go out and get trashed without his parents knowing thing. So far, it had worked out for him. Bucky had met Steve while heaving up his guts in an alleyway. Steve had appeared to him like some kind of fucking angel out of the Bible, had cleaned him up and asked him if he needed a ride home. Bucky had somehow gotten the balls to text Steve the next day, and their relationship had grown from there. Bucky was nineteen, and Steve was twenty-nine, thirty in July. The age difference had initially thrown Steve for a loop, but Bucky had brought him around with promises of discretion and the fact that nineteen was “well” over eighteen. All in all, Steve let Bucky lead the pace of their relationship, because he was still afraid of overstepping some boundary. Bucky set the pace of the relationship, but Steve ran the show once they got in bed together. And fuck, did Bucky love it. Bucky hadn’t really expected what he’d gotten out of Steve, but it was a pleasant surprise. When he’d first gotten the older man into bed, he’d anticipated the usual. Some awkward dirty talk, a partially lubed finger crammed up his ass to get him “ready” and some half hearted grunting that lasted maybe two minutes.No. No, what he got was a fucking sexual athlete that actually took the time to prepare him for the endurance trial he was going to go through. Steve had given him a massage -- a massage, who does that?-- and had only started to play with his ass once he’d already felt like a boneless rag doll. He’d rubbed a finger against Bucky’s asshole like it was any other part of him, any other group of muscles that needed to be rubbed out of their tension, and had lubricated him enough that the slide of his fingers hadn’t hurt. Of course, that also meant he’d had the ever present feeling of being slick for days after, even when he’d been sure he’d cleaned himself up. And the actual fucking? He’d felt it in his goddamn teeth. After everything was said and done, Steve had wrapped him up in the warm blankets and had cuddled him, murmuring reassurances and praise to him. He’d expected a cheap lay and he’d gotten the best sex of his life. It had progressed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
Older Man/Younger Man
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Age Difference

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

