Chapter 1: Beware
    




Chapter Text




 "So take aim children take aim The drill sargeant sang With ample perspiration ordered Stop your respiration And end the flow of oxygen to the brain" - "Beware" (Andrew Bird) Darcy was out. Way out. Like, hazy, sepia-tone flashback out.That whole Norse gods, giant metal fire-monster thing was something that she couldn’t quite connect with herself. Like how summer vacation never seems to be real by the beginning of October.Turns out, super-secret government organizations don’t give the intern who accidentally got caught up in world changing events a job, they give her a huge stack of non-disclosure agreements and tell her not to contact Jane again. Ever.That sucked, but what’s a girl to do in the face of a room full of black suits who could probably kill you with their pinky finger? Well, being honest, it was more the look on Jane’s face when she said “I won’t bring you into this Darcy. I won’t. It’s not safe.”So she moved on. She finished her political science degree (finally). Wallowed through a master’s degree and finally talked her way into job as an assistant to a campaign planner on a pretty important senatorial campaign. Things were going well.Which is why Darcy could not quite understand why she had been dragged back. She couldn’t wrap her head around why leaving Senator Selkirk’s campaign office was the last thing she remembered before this cold cement floor, this dimly lit ceiling crisscrossed by ductwork and walkways, and the uncomfortable weight of metal shackles on her wrists.Her head hurt and her mouth felt fuzzy, but she dragged herself to a seated position anyways. There was a clock ticking somewhere. The seconds ticked by like hours, amplified by the brushed cement floor and the heavy brick walls.The building she was in looked like some kind of warehouse. A few yards away there was a heavy steel door that Darcy didn’t have to get any closer to to know that it wasn’t going to be her way out of here. There were no windows, and the only light in the room came from a bare fluorescent panel, humming monotonously against one wall.A hook hung from the ceiling attached to a series of pulleys, like the ones used for packing heavy boxes. Darcy noticed that it was hanging directly over a drain in the floor. Her overactive imagination had just enough time to take her to places that make her break into a cold sweat before the door opened and a man walked in.Two slow seconds passed by: tick, tock.He was tall, broad shouldered, probably in his mid 50s, but the sort of mid 50s that looks like it could kick the crap out of most 20 year olds. There were no weird capes or costumes, no robot appendages. He wore simple, vaguely military, black pants, well shined boots, and a black t-shirt. He did not look like the type to be kidnapping 27 year old PR assistants from campaign offices. Then again, he was also followed by a heavily armed, very mean looking flunky in black fatigues and a beret, so you never knew, did you?“Good morning Miss Lewis,” he said, quite calmly, “I’m glad to see that you’re awake.” He smiled at her in a disarming manner and then made a quick motion to the soldier who had followed him in. She was jarred to her feet, the soldier dragging her manacled hands up in front of her and throwing the chain that linked the cuffs on her wrists over the hook that hung from the ceiling. The other man pressed a button on a wall control and the hook began to rise up with a grinding clank, pulling painfully on Darcy’s arms and leaving her barely able to put any weight on her toes.Tick, tock.“I’m going to be reasonable here Ms. Lewis” he said.And Darcy had to laugh at that as her feet scrambled for purchase on the slick concrete floor and the metal of the cuffs dug into her wrists.“Reasonable is a meeting over coffee,” she said. “This? This is insane.” She was aware that she sounded a bit hysterical, but she was also pretty sure that this was exactly the sort of situation that called for hysteria.“Desperate times, Miss Lewis” he said, withdrawing a wicked looking blade from a sheath that sat against his hip.A deep and unsettling feeling exploded in her belly. She was pretty sure it was panic. “Hey hey hey!” Darcy exclaimed, ineffectually trying to draw away “I can be reasonable here! I don’t even know what the hell you want! Shouldn’t you be asking some questions before things get all…knifey?”“Very astute Miss Lewis,” he said, advancing towards her “But I always find that it is more effective to present the inducement and then ask the questions. It’s a fairly basic negotiation tactic. I will present to you what I am offering and then I will ask for what I want in return. Does that sound fair, Miss Lewis?” He placed the tip of the blade against her breastbone.All that was running through her head, oddly enough, was that he had terrible coffee breath. And then she was suddenly struck by an image of this guy, sitting quietly at his desk, sipping a coffee, telling his wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton & Darcy Lewis

