Work Text:

I Don't Wanna be in Love

There's a reason why Tony Stark is hidden away in his lab, and it isn't because there's a former brainwashed, ex- assassin upstairs, though he's okay with everyone thinking that. He's okay with everyone thinking that he hates James Barnes, though that's furthest thing from the truth. He doesn't hate the man, though he did at first. Then again, he hates everyone the first time he meets them. It was the same with Rogers, though that's no longer the case. Everything is different than when he first met the members of the Avengers, though he denies it to everyone around him.There's a reason why he's okay with the Avengers believing that. For one, he's too damn old for this shit, and he has no interest in them knowing the truth. Besides, if they do, it will only cause trouble and drama, and again, he's too damn old for childish shit. Two, there's the fact that he would look like a fool if they find out, and since he prides himself in not looking like an idiot, he will do anything to prevent it.This is why he spends much of his time in the lab, so no one will learn the truth. He doesn't need them to know that he has a crush—No, not a crush. He's not a teenager girl. He doesn't get and have crushes. He's grown ass man for crying out loud, though he isn't sure what to call it… Fond of? Cherishes? Likes? Tony isn't sure, but he won't call it love. That's impossible. Tony Stark does not fall in love. Love is for children. It's a fairy tale that they tell in order to sell shit.If you ask him, Tony will tell you exactly what love is: a curse. It really is, because it takes over every part of your life and refuses to let go. It controls every part of you, not letting you to think for yourself, and if you try to fight it, it only causes pain and destruction. That's what happened to his late relationship. Sure, he was happy in that relationship—well at one point, but it didn't last, and he can't say it wasn't without its issues. They fought a lot, and though fighting was a part of any relationship, they fought way too much for it to be healthy.Deciding it was best to end it before they lost something more than their relationship, Pepper ended. She ended it quietly, without giving him a chance to fight, to argue this point, to do anything. She left with very little said, leaving Tony alone to his thoughts, which is never a good thing. For a while after that, Tony had locked himself in his lab, refusing to leave unless the world was coming to an end. However, in his line of work, that happens a lot.But again, he's hiding in his lab for another reason, though some might say it's the same reason. But he will refuse that until he's blue in the face. He's not hiding from his emotions….even if it's the truth. He would rather they think he's hiding from Barnes, which the team believes without a second thought. It's common knowledge that the Winter Soldier had killed his father, and even if he did first, the genius doesn't hold anything against the former assassin now. He was brainwashed and all. Can't blame him, even if it was easy to.Yes, Tony did hold it against him at first and was ready to throw the book at him. He was willing and did go to war with Rogers, but that's the past, and Tony wants to keep it there. Those days were bloody, painful times that will haunt Tony's dreams for years. For a while, he had thought the only way to end the war was for one of them to die, and towards the end, Tony had thought it would be him. He was ready in fact as he was the one that the world needed less.Tony isn't sure when his opinion changed on Barnes, but he no longer hates him. If he really thinks about it, how could he hate someone who went through what Barnes had gone through? He went through decades of torture, which no one else can say. So how can Tony judge him? Though his torture cannot compare, he knows how it feels. He knows how it feels to know only pain. He knows how it feels to completely lose oneself and not know who you are anymore. He doesn't know why it took him so long to realize that, but now that he does, he can no longer hold it against Barnes, though that isn't to say it still doesn't hurt. Though he may not have gotten along with his father, it doesn't mean he didn't care for him, because he did—does. He does care, and it hurts.Originally, the only reason why he's hiding is because of Steve Freaking Rogers. It isn't because he hates him as that's the farthest thing from the truth. No, No, No. He does not love him either. Not at all, though he gets that weird feeling in his chest each time he sees him. He isn't sure why this happens as they had always fought like cats and dogs. There is and was never a time that they didn't, but he feels something for the blond, the likes he never knew. However, he refuses to knowledge or speak it out loud. It won't end well if he does.For one, the Super Soldier is currently dating the other Super Soldier in the tower, which comes to no surprise to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Romance
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Tony Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Horny Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Jealous Tony Stark
Mutual Pining
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Jealous Steve Rogers
OT3
Post-Civil War
Self-Denial
Cooking Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

