Work Text:
Steve's a lot bigger now than he was the last time he sat at a desk in a classroom, and he shifts, trying to get comfortable. The teacher, a silver-haired woman wearing a lot of chunky jewelry, smiles at them and Steve smiles back awkwardly, reflexively."Welcome to Introduction to Photojournalism," she says. "My name is Marjorie Kiernan and I'll be your teacher this semester."The classroom door swings open and a lanky young man in worn blue jeans and a gray hoodie stumbles in. When he notices everyone looking at him, he waves, tips of his fingers poking out from beneath overly long sleeves. He smiles crookedly and says, "I'm just gonna--" He points at the desk in front of Steve and throws himself into it, long limbs flailing a little."And you are?" Professor Kiernan asks."Peter. Peter Parker. Hi." He turns and smiles that crooked smile at Steve this time and Steve blinks, surprised at the force of it. Steve realizes they're waiting for him to introduce himself next, so he says, "Steve Rogers." Marjorie beams at him, and Peter's eyes widen, but nobody else seems to recognize him. It's a pretty common name; Steve's been grateful for that more than once.The others introduce themselves, but Steve's attention is repeatedly drawn back to Peter, who's now wrestling with his bag violently enough that Steve's afraid he's going to knock his camera off the desk.  "Are you okay?" Steve whispers, ancient fear of talking in class apparently still in effect. Score one for the Sisters of Charity. "Yeah," Peter says. "Yeah." He grins again, a little manically, as he finally pulls a spiral notebook and a pen out of the bag. "It's all good." He sets the notebook down on the desk and pushes his glasses up the bridge of his nose, marking it with a thin blue line of ink. His fingers are long and there's dirt under his nails, and Steve looks away because he thinks he might be staring.Professor Kiernan starts talking about the goals of the class and hands out a syllabus, and then asks to see the portfolios she'd asked them to bring to class. The rest of the time is taken up with critiquing the composition of their photographs, and though the lingo is a little different from his art classes, Steve's familiar with the experience, and he loses that feeling of awkwardness, enough that, when they're packing up, he's able to say to Peter, "You're good at this. You have a good eye.""Thanks. Lots of practice." He nods at Steve's portfolio. "I didn't know you were a photographer. It wasn't in any of the comics.""Oh geez," Steve says. "Almost nothing in those things is true.""You mean you didn't actually sock old Adolf on the jaw?" Peter asks, grinning. Steve groans softly and covers his face with his hand for a moment. Peter elbows him gently. "My uncle loved your movies. But it's okay. I didn't think that part was true."They walk to the subway together, discussing this week's assignment, and when the E comes, Steve gets on with Peter, even though he'd intended to head back to Brooklyn for the evening. "Why don't you give me your number and we can grab coffee before class next week?" he finds himself saying as the train pulls into 51st and Lex, where he has to get off or he'll end up in Queens. Peter's face lights up with surprise before he rips a page out of his notebook and scribbles his number down.Steve barely makes it off the train before the doors close, and he walks the six blocks back to the tower with his hands shoved into his pockets and a goofy smile on his face.*The assignment is more difficult than he expected, if only because it's kind of awkward to pull out a camera during a fight, and it feels kind of callous to do it after the fight's over. Even so, Steve ends up taking pictures of the EMTs while they wrap blankets around the survivors of a hostage crisis at the World Financial Center. "I don't know why you're taking pictures," Tony says. "I recorded the whole thing.""You've never been the type to take souvenirs before," Natasha says."And these pictures have no strategic value," Thor says, "since the battle is over."Steve takes a deep breath and counts to ten. "It's for a class," he says. He clears his throat. "I'm taking a class in photography.""Oh great," Tony says, "the paparazzi are coming from inside the tower now.""Don't worry, Tony, I have no plans to take any pictures of you." He snaps a shot of Thor, and then one of Natasha, who scowls at him. "Not when there are much prettier things to shoot."Tony flips him off and Steve laughs.*"Photography's not my usual medium," he tells Peter when they meet for coffee the next week. "I'm used to pencils and charcoals. Now I can even afford oils, if I want to paint.""Photography's cheaper than it used to be," Peter says. He inhales the sandwich he brought with him and goes to the counter to buy another. "I spent a lot of my allowance on film and dark room chemicals before I finally got a digital camera. I still like working with film, but my job requires digital.""At
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Schmoop
Kissing
Makeouts
Awkwardness

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

