Work Text:
They often fought in the mornings—nothing serious, really, because no fight over curtains, of all things, could ever be serious.
 
Tony had this ridiculous need for the blackout curtains in their room to be shut completely, blocking out even the slightest bit of light and plunging the room into perpetual night time. For Tony, morning meant dragging himself up off the bed after a very late night (or very early morning, maybe?), forcing his sleep-stupid brain awake with several pots of coffee, getting his bed head, morning breath and pillow creases under control and starting work with some amount of diligence that he just didn’t want to deal with because he was a sub dammit and that meant he should be lounging lazily in his Dom’s bed all day, naked, ready and waiting for his Dom to need him and can’t you see, Steve, that’s a much better use of my time? Steeeeeeeve!
 
Ironically, as the day wore on and turned into night, it would be Steve attempting—unsuccessfully, mind you—to drag Tony away from his office or, more likely, his workshop and back into bed where he was expected to be naked, ready and waiting for his Dom to need him, whereas Tony would be too involved in his latest project to even stop to eat (a bad habit that Steve resolved to break Tony of… soon… maybe… I mean, he was Howard’s son, really, and it was in their genes to be stubborn and over-involved, and you really couldn’t blame Steve for falling prey to Tony’s puppy-dog eyes and pouty mouth, and dammit, Tony, all I want is to take you to bed and fuck you; can you please stop working on that now?). And thus was the cycle of Tony’s day.
 
Steve, however, liked the curtains thrown wide open to let the morning sun in. For him, mornings meant getting an early workout, eating breakfast and having a Tony that kept still long enough for him to draw (his sketchbooks were already filled with pages upon pages of Tony in bed, snuggled around pillows and tangled in bed sheets, and maybe Steve’s favorites were the ones where his sub’s body was bare and his cock was hard, but no one had to know, did they?).
 
Steve got his way more often than not, not because he made it a habit of prioritizing his wants over his sub’s, but because the person who won their “arguments” was the person who was up first to make the changes they wanted. Tony would come in in the evening after Steve had gone to bed, see the opened curtains and shut them in anticipation of the coming morning, but Steve would be up hours before he was and open them anyway, despite the cursing and threatening that was sure to come just as Tony woke and right before he buried his head beneath at least three pillows in an attempt to reclaim his lost sleep.
 
And sometimes, if Tony managed to convince to keep the curtains shut, Steve didn’t really mind the incentive of early morning fucks and blowjobs, anyway.
 
This morning, though, Steve woke to the curtains thrown wide open, yet a pensive-looking Tony beside him. The younger man was on his side and his blank stare was focused on Steve’s bicep as his finger traced abstract patterns over it, the action which stirred Steve awake in the first place. Steve shifted to face Tony, drawing up his gaze. There was a lack of noise and movement for a long while until Steve sighed, pulled Tony toward him and wrapped his arms tightly around him. Tony buried his face in Steve’s chest.
 
“You don’t have to do this, you know?” he said, repeatedly carding his hand through Tony’s hair. Tony mumbled something that was muffled by his chest. “I love you, baby, and I want you to be happy, and if this doesn’t make you happy—”
 
“Stop being stupid,” Tony cut in. “I’m not the only important person in this relationship, you know, and inasmuch as I like it when you want to do things I want, I also want to do things that make you happy.”
 
“Baby, this isn’t as simple as fucking,” Steve pointed out, rolling on top of Tony and looking at him properly. “This is so, so much bigger than that. If we’re going to accept another person into our relationship, it should be something both of us want, not just me.”
 
“I know that, Steve,” Tony answered sharply. “I fucking know that I risk losing you to him the very second I agreed to his suggestion—I risked losing you to him the moment they found him!” His voice suddenly wavered. “I went there last night to—to tell him that I was… I was breaking our bond.” Steve startled badly, and Tony had to glare at him to keep him from talking. “No. Let me finish.” Steve had a grim set to his mouth but nodded anyway. “I was planning on breaking our bond because I knew the time would come that you’d want him because you couldn’t have him and I would be the one kicked out into the cold. I would let you do that to me because I only want to make you happy. So I thought that it would be best to skip all the drama and let him have you and let you have him the way that it was supposed to be.
 
“And when I told him that, he called me stupid and selfish. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Video Sex
Tony is the little brother from hell
protective!Phil
plotty porn
Dom/sub

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

