Work Text:
Phil Coulson is not the Avengers' Matchmaker (Or Their Style Consultant)
 
When Thor was in a really good mood, Tony Stark almost expected small forest creatures to come scrambling out of the woodwork to sing happy songs and dance little dances.
He blamed the cape, really.
“No one should be that goddamn happy when leaving a meeting with Fury,” Tony said to Steve, who was bent awkwardly over a folder of paperwork.  The blonde glanced up, his body still canted forward.  There was a pen gripped in his teeth like the pin of a grenade, and his hair was ruffled against his forehead.
“Maybe the Director had good news for him,” Steve said, bending back over his forms.  
“Fury wouldn't know good news if it bit his ass and called him baby,” Tony pointed out, leaning back in his chair.  He wished it was the old fashioned kind so he could tip himself back on the rear legs, but the helicarrier only had high tech things that were glued to the damn floor and Tony was bored.
“Appealing mental picture,” Clint said.  His booted feet were crossed at the ankles and braced against the wall.  “Really.  Thanks for that.”  He was spinning his pen between his fingers, the gesture idle and easy.  His head was bent over his report, but his attention was on Thor as the man all but skipped towards them.
Thor in full-on skip mode made his cape billow and the hallways shake.
Bruce was sipping a cup of herbal tea, the only one without reports to file.  His job, after a major incident, was to pull himself together and find his balance again.  Right after the Avengers had formed, he'd disappear for hours, sometimes days, into medical or his lab or his rooms.  Tony took it as a positive sign that the man now came looking for them as soon as medical released him.
And if the rest of the team just happened to be within sight, filling out their reports in a nearby conference room, well, that was just coincidence.  
A really, really common coincidence.
So it was Bruce, who had nothing else to occupy his attention, who said what everyone else was determined not to bring up.  “You're in a good mood.”
“Aye!” Thor crowed, giving Bruce a hearty clap on the shoulder.  He did his best to moderate his strength, especially around Bruce, but Bruce still bobbled his tea, grabbing for it before it could end up all over the conference table. “My apologies, I am much pleased this day!”
“Any particular reason why?” Natasha asked him, a faint smile on her face.  She didn't look in Thor's direction, but her pen beat a steady tattoo against her report in time with the words.
“Jane has completed her work in the realm of New Mexico and has agreed to travel to New York!”
Steve grinned at him.  “She's coming to visit?  Or stay?”  Thor's routine trips out west to check in with Dr. Foster had been trying on everyone, but he was happier when he'd seen her, even for a short time.  “That's great, Thor!”
“Aye,” Thor agreed.  “For now, she has accepted a post with SHIELD, and will remain in New York.”  He threw himself into a chair and leaned forward, folding his arms on the tabletop.  He rested his chin on them, looking like a love sick teenager as he stared into space, his grin wide and bright and boyish.
“Sickening,” Clint said, earning himself a sharp elbow in the thigh from Natasha.  “Seriously.  Pull yourself together, man.”
“Just because you have no sense of romance,” Tony told him, stabbing his pen in Clint's direction.  “You do not get to talk.  It's fine, Thor, it's great, where's she staying?  Trick question, she's staying at the tower, I'll have her rooms made up.”  More people were good.  He was getting used to the people thing, and he kind of liked it, it was nice, waking up and wandering around at three am to find Steve in the gym or Clint perched on the roof or Natasha watering the plants.
And there was absolutely nothing wrong with sitting in the lab with Bruce until one or both of them passed out and slept until the centrifuge or the incubator or the computer started beeping and woke them up.
As it turned out, Tony rather liked company.
Thor was looking at him, his face doubtful, and Tony could sense his plans about to be thwarted.  “I will offer, but she is much proud of her independence.”  He sighed, his smile slipping away.  “'Twould be my preference, too, but I have my doubts that she will agree.”
Tony snorted.  “Independence is fine in New Mexico.  New York?  Not so much.  She's not going to be able to afford a walk up in Jersey for what SHIELD pays for a starting salary, and better Avengers tower than the SHIELD barracks.”
Thor frowned.  “I do not know...”
“I've lived in SHIELD barracks,” Clint said.  “Thor, buddy?  Paper.  Thin.  Walls.”
“And co-workers in your personal business,” Natasha added.  Everyone looked at her, and she shrugged. “Not mine, of course, no one would dare, but it's not conducive to romance.”
“Meanwhile, the tower is soundproofed and made to withstand rough handling,” Tony pointed out, and Steve had finally figured out 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Toasterverse
Trouble finds us
Not sure what's going on with Natasha
Humor
Fine Dining
Dates
Author has mental problems

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor

