Work Text:
Steve woke up slowly. He’d never been a morning person and New York winters made it even harder to get out of bed – his nose was already numb from where it had been poking out from the cocoon of thready blankets. The bed wasn’t large, it had been the same bed he’d had as a child, when he’d moved from his mother’s bed to his own, but when he pushed his legs down the mattress to stretch out of the ball he’d curled into through the night, the sheets were colder than ice. Hissing, he drew them back up, and wondered if Bucky would just let him sleep through the whole day. Probably not, he figured. Being Bucky’s roommate had obvious perks – he got to live with his best friend, he didn’t have to pay as much rent as he would have living alone, and between them they always had something hot to eat. But Bucky had ideas about lying in bed all day if Steve wasn’t sick – it wasn’t happening. He’d heard Steve’s mom talk for years about the benefits of exercise, fresh air and keeping the mind active, and he never let Steve sleep past 7am. He sighed, the ever present rattle in his chest not alarming or too loud, despite the cold – and ground his teeth together as he kicked off the blankets in a swift move.The cold air was like a slap to his skin, biting and sharp, and he whined pitifully as he sat up, the bones in his back and joints popping like a concession stand at the cinema. It was still dark, maybe Steve had woken up before Bucky for a change – he could fix up a breakfast and something for his pal to put in the lunch pail he took down to the docks every day. However, the other bed in the corner of the room was already empty, covers pulled tight over the thin mattress the way Steve had made it the morning before – a sign that Bucky hadn’t slept in it at all – he always left his bed with the covers kicked back and the single well-worn pillow thrown on the floor.He pulled on his clothes quickly, gooseflesh causing the pale blond hairs on his skin to stand up almost straight, trying to keep his jaw clenched tight to stop the shivers. Although the apartment was cold in the winter, it wasn’t normally that cold – his breath was a white cloud with every exhale and he was sure he saw the first curls of frost around the glass of the framed picture of his mother.The reason why was evident when Steve pushed open the door of the room at was hit with the full force of ice cold air – the sound of the winter wind howling through the open fucking window. “Jesus Bucky!” Steve yelled, running forward to close the window against the storm that had let in an actual drift of snow, piled up in a white wall against the back of the couch, which was paler than normal as the frost had claimed it.Bucky, a dark shadow in the corner, didn’t move as Steve slammed the window shut in the frame, locking it in place. It wasn’t airtight at the best of times, but Steve felt a little like he was closing the barn door once the horse had bolted. “What the hell, Buck?” Steve said, turning and getting a better look at the drift piled up against the couch. “Are you tryin’ to get us both killed?”The shadow in the corner hadn’t moved, and Steve felt his temper wind up tighter that a spring in a pocket watch. He rarely fought with Bucky, his best friend got a free pass where other guys wouldn’t get a warning before a well-used fist slammed directly into their faces. He’d split the skin on his knuckles so often that they were a mess of silver lines and the pale pink of new skin under scabs. “Are you just gonna sit there?” He snapped, pointing at where Bucky was sitting, chair pulled right back into the darkest corner of the room, back to the wall. “Huh?” He asked, feeling his shoulders jerk with anger. “Bucky said when he got real riled up he looked like a pigeon, bobbing along, hissing like an alley cat. “You even gonna talk to me, huh?” Steve seethed, his anger heating him up faster than even the warmest of blankets, faster than a roaring fire could ever hope to. “This is bullsh-”“This isn’t real.” Bucky said, cutting Steve off, his voice strangely soft. “This is a dream.”“Like hell it’s a dream!” Steve snapped back. “You better hope I’m dreaming, you letting the whole damn winter in here!” He yelled, not even caring if he woke the neighbours. They didn’t have to deal with Bucky being weird. “Have you been drinking?” He snapped. “Is this some kind of… of… of you getting back at me?”Bucky remained quiet, quieter than Steve had ever known Bucky to be. Bucky was active, always laughing, always grinning, a man with friends and arm slung over someone’s shoulder. “Has the cold got to you?” Steve said, looking into the dark corner. “Serves you right if it has. I don’t even care.” Quick as it had come, Steve felt his anger flicker out like a candle at the end of its wick. “Have you been here all night? In the cold?”Bucky still didn’t move, the shadows around him seeming deeper than normal, keeping Steve from seeing him properly. “Buck?” He said, stepping forw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Time Travel
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Blow Jobs
First Time
Dirty Talk
Possessive Behavior
Bucky Likes Steve To Dress Nice
Wet & Messy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

