Chapter 1: It begins
    




Chapter Text
"You go into what?""Heat. I go into heat."The dark haired demigod was obviously not amused. "Is the word so hard to comprehend?" He snapped, the hormones already making him more tense. His pale hands were shaking a little. They did not have limitless time after all."I don't get it." Clint blurted out.Loki would have teased him with that, if he was the only one. But the other Avengers looked at him with the same confusion. And so the trickster sighed. "The Jotnar go into heat once every ten years, for a week." He explained. "It turns them- me -into horny beasts. Alphas will do anything to fuck whatever moves, Omegas do anything to be fucked by whatever moves, and Betas... Normally Betas do not go into heat. But I am not a freak enough by myself, nature had to fuck me over." He mumbles bitterly. "I need both. Since Betas are naturally lower than Alphas I tend to favour the Omega side, but I also have the Alpha desires." He continues explaining to confused faces.Finally understanding starts to dawn upon them."Mmm... Alright. So during this week you need someone to fuck, and someone to fuck you." Steve summarises bluntly, calmly. Perfect."Almost. Not just someone. I need to be constantly stimulated, it's almost impossible for one person to achieve this. I thought I would have to rent out a whore house again, but then we had our lovely escapade with the man of iron, and I realised there is an alternative."Thor, who had kept silent earlier on, leans forward in his chair. "I have helped my brother through this period of time a few times, but it will truly help to... have more hands." He says as he rests a hand on Loki's knee.Steve pulls up his Captain face, as Tony named it, and nods briefly. "I assume you want to fuck Tony throughout your... heat... and have us fuck you taking turns." Steve said making Loki nod seriously and Tony sit there with a lustful glazy look in his eyes."Yes. And the reason I am discussing this now is important. I lose control once the hormones take over my judgement. I am not able to tell you what I like or dislike then. So this needs to be discussed now." Loki said way too calm for the situation, according to Tony who was almost panting. And so the discussion began. Loki told the Avengers exactly what he did and didn't like, while slowly becoming more affected. By the end a thick layer of sweat was coating his forehead and he was breathing heavily.Thor helped his brother up. "We shall begin tomorrow, seeing the symptoms that is when the heat should hit." The blond said.The others nodded and the two demigods left. The Avengers shared a look and all went their own way to prepare for the next day. - * - Tony was nervous and horny as shit. There had been a few occasions now where he was fucked by a few -or all- Avengers, and he had loved every single one of them.It was obvious the others were mostly dominant, and he was their stress relief. Clint and Steve would sometimes get fucked by someone if they were in the mood, but Bruce thought it was too dangerous, and the gods never even mentioned bottoming.And now, according to Thor at least, Loki would turn into a begging mess. They even said he would be worse than Tony, who found that hard to imagine. Speaking of hard, he was getting rather uncomfortable in his pants. When was this heat thing getting started? He wanted to be fucked already.The Avengers entered Thor's chambers one by one, only Steve and Tony arrived at the same time. And Steve had already taken off most of Tony's clothes, leaving him walking around in his boxers.However, when they entered, they froze. They knew Thor would prepare Loki, and they knew Loki would truly become a bitch in heat, but this... no one had imagined this image. (Except maybe Tony.) Mjölnir was standing upright in the middle of the livingroom. The metal set on the floor until Thor would want to move it, the handle however...The long, thick, rigged, metal and leather handle, couldn't be seen. It disappeared up the clenching tight wet ass of the god of mischief. Steve palmed himself through his jeans and sat down on the couch with the others, dragging Tony to the floor by his feet, to watch the insanely hot view before him.Loki's arms were tightly tied together on his back, ropes connecting his forearms together from his wrists to his elbows. It made him arch his back, and it looked both uncomfortable and hot. His legs were folded in and tied in place, ropes grounding them to the hammer he was impaled upon.Tony suddenly realised Loki couldn't move. He couldn't fuck himself on the weapon because he was tightly tied to it. Well shit. Tony was mostly focused on the hard dripping cock that stood out perfectly, he was going to get that inside of him.Fuck yes.Steve however was looking at Loki's face. A leather strap was tied between his teeth, keeping something big in his mouth that was silencing his broken moans. A heavy blindfold was tied over his eyes, and Steve wondered 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Loki
Loki/Mjolnir (Marvel)

freeform: 
Orgy
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Sex Toy Mjolnir
Omega Loki
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Loki
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Consent
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Threesome - M/M/M
Bondage
Female Loki
briefly
Only for one scene
Beta Loki
Aftercare
Foursome - M/M/M/M
Threesome - F/M/M
Sex Toys
Rope Bondage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Loki
Loki/Mjolnir (Marvel)

