Work Text:
The concert starts with the loud bang of drums—two beats, amplified by the large speakers to make the venue shake, like thunder. It’s accompanied by the flicker of lights—like lightning—and Loki is among the first to start cheering. Amora raises an eyebrow at him, clearly amused, but he shrugs in reply. It’s the way The Thunder have begun all of their concerts since they were still starting up, and it’s the first time the venue’s been big enough for it to actually have its intended effect.And okay, maybe Loki’s a little bitter about the fact that the band had to go mainstream for it to happen. Maybe he’s only had bad things to say about them since the deal, since they topped the charts, and maybe he’s declared that the only reason he’s going to this concert is because it will give him ammunition to write the worst concert review ever, but he’s here. Despite everything else he might have to say about the band and about their music, this is all that really matters.The lights come back on, and the crowd starts cheering all over again now that they can make out all five band members on the stage. Volstagg is sitting at the back on a raised platform with his drum kit. Sif is to his left with her bass guitar and Hogun is to his right, his cello held ready. At the front of the stage, on lead guitar with a microphone stand in front of him is Fandral. Finally, on lead vocals, guitar slung over his shoulder, is the frontman of the band and the regular feature of every single one of Loki’s fantasies: Thor.He’s wearing a tank that displays his impossibly muscled arms and a grin that says he’s just as excited as the rest of them. Hogun starts playing the introduction of the first track from their most recent album and the crowd erupts into cheers all over again. Loki stands where he is, right in the front row, clinging to the barricade, and cannot tear his eyes away from Thor. Here, on stage, in front of an entire arena full of screaming fans, he’s like a god in his own domain.He starts singing, and Loki is caught up in the music, feeling every beat of every song travel right through him until he can feel nothing else. They perform new songs, but they also do some of their older songs—the ones that Loki remembers learning word for word at their smaller gigs, what feels like ages ago. He mouths the lyrics to all of them—even the more obscure songs—and Fandral grins when he notices, pointing at him. Thor scans the crowd, clearly curious, and his gaze travels over Loki before snapping back to him. Loki feels Amora elbow him and he elbows her back, not knowing what else to do. He stares in return, until Thor looks away, focusing on another point in the audience. Loki doesn’t know what to think so he just doesn’t, for now. He pushes it from his mind, until the concert is over, Thor thanking them all for their support before playing Loki’s favourite song from their newest album.He walks out of the concert hall with his head still spinning, his heart still pounding. Amora links arms with him, leading him through the crowd and to their favourite all-night diner. She orders food for both of them and then rests her chin in her hand, grinning at Loki.“So are you going to write the most scathing review about how much you absolutely hated that concert? And are you going to mention how Thor was completely checking you out for a while, there?”Loki snorts loudly, sinking back into his seat. “Please. He was completely not. Why would he, anyway?”“Oh, I don’t know. Perhaps he remembers this skinny hipster who has been to every single performance they’ve ever had. I’m pretty sure you have a collection of ticket stubs—”“Keep it down,” Loki hisses, glancing around.“Oh, we wouldn’t want anyone to know that you like The Thunder now, would we?” Amora asks in mock horror. “Just imagine. All your hipster cred, gone.”Narrowing his eyes, Loki kicks her under the table. “You are so funny. I hate you.”“Of course you don’t. You can’t afford to hate me.” Amora smiles sweetly as their food is brought out to the table. “You’d never find anybody else willing to put up with half the ridiculous shit that I do. Besides, if you went anywhere, I’d miss you far too much. Nobody else is as fun to talk to, and you might not tell the truth about the little things, but you’re honest when it matters.”“I’m always honest with you,” Loki says, digging into the basket of wedges in front of him. “Whether  I mean to be or not. You know me so well that you always know what I really mean. I… appreciate that, actually. I didn’t think I’d ever appreciate that somebody could see right through the shit, but there you go.”“Just listen to yourself. That’s so terrible sappy that I’d ask if you’re appropriating lyrics from The Thunder if I didn’t already know every song by heart due to the sheer number of times you’ve played them.”Scowling, Loki kicks her under the table again. “Worst. Friend. Ever.”

 «·»
The following day is good. Loki gets home from the concert and wri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki
Amora/Skurge
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Marvel Universe Big Bang
hipsters only not really
Alternate Universe - Fashion & Models
Alternate Universe - Rock Band
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
Thor/Loki
Amora/Skurge
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

