Chapter 1





Chapter Text




Art Masterpost by chosenfire28

Soundtrack

“What…precisely is going on here?”  Tony makes a vague gesture around Steve’s person as he takes in the set of blue and white striped button-down pajamas that are hanging off Steve’s body.  They’re about a full size too big, which makes Tony wonder how and where Steve even found them.  And if he bothered telling Thor that he’d found a store with off-the-rack clothes made for giants.Steve blinks at him, sleep clearing from his blue eyes with enviable speed.  “Is everything all right?  I didn’t get a call from Director Fury.”  Steve is already near full alertness and his tone is brimming with concern.  Tony could guarantee that if someone had woken him up from a dead sleep at three in the morning, the welfare of others would be the furthest thing from his mind.  “Everything’s fine,” Tony waves him off, pushing past him through the doorway and inviting himself inside.  His shoes click on the hardwood floor.  He glances around, taking in his surroundings quickly.  It doesn’t take long; Steve’s entire place is the size of his childhood playroom.  It smells incredibly clean yet musty, like age is clinging to the wallpaper and can’t really be washed away no matter how many times Steve gives everything a fine military polish.  The rooms are sparse and tidy, bordering on bare.  There’s little furniture, all of it battered but sturdy, handcrafted.  Not the kind of cheap modern furniture put together on the quick; more like furniture bought at an estate sale. Tony grimaces. “Who the hell did you rent this place from,The Honeymooners?”“Who?”“Nevermind.”  Tony wanders further, tapping his fingers across the sill as he passes the window, which is propped half-open to cool the joint down.  The night’s too warm for that to do much good though.  He doubts Steve would want to install an air conditioner, if he even knows what one is.  A few potted plants sit on the rusted metal grating of the fire escape; a short clothesline is strung up, white t-shirts pinned and fluttering slightly in the barely there breeze.  He holds back a snort at the thought of Steve likely cleaning them using a washboard in the kitchen sink.  There’s an array of folders in two stacks on the nearby table and the SHIELD logo stamped across the face of one catches Tony’s attention.  An open folder tops the smaller stack; Tony recognizes a photo of his father anywhere.  The big red deceased marked across the bottom corner of the personnel form is atrociously tacky.  He wonders whose job it is to make that rubber stamp.  He flips the folder shut with a curt flick of his hand and moves on.  “You could really use a sprucing up in here, cowboy.  Or perhaps a complete tear down and remodel from the ground up.  Either or.”  Tony comments dryly as he spots the green pilled fabric on the old-fashioned love seat by the old Zenith radio – radio? – in the corner.  He points to the wooden cabinet.  “Really?”“It doesn’t work,” Steve mumbles.  “You’ve got cash, buy a new one.”  From the look on Steve’s face, that’s a non-option.  “Or here’s a thought, fix it.”  Steve turns and goes to the kitchen, apparently deciding that whatever Tony’s business might be at this hour, it is clearly not Avengers-related and therefore he can, at the very least, stand down.  Tony follows him slowly, stopping to lean against the open doorway between the living room and kitchen.“Hardly seems worth the trouble.  Not as if I’m going to turn the dial and hear what I used to hear.” Steve opens up the white Frigidaire, his tone as flat as Tony’s ever heard it.  The fridge is mostly empty but Steve bends down to look as if he needs to sort through stocked shelves.  As Steve buys time for whatever reason, Tony takes a moment to consider the room. Apart from the teakettle on the stove and the toaster on the counter, the kitchen is unsurprisingly free of gadgets and appliances.  The drying rack by the sink implies Steve’s never bothered to open the dishwasher.  There’s decaying vintage art of the American flag on the pale green wall and Tony suspects that apart from the cross hanging by the door, that’s as far into decorating the place as Steve will ever get.  “Besides, I don’t have a pressing need to hear Lady Gaga and if I did, s’pose that’s what an iPod is for.” Steve turns back from the fridge, carton of milk in hand.  Tony hesitates a moment, pulling himself away from evaluating Steve’s living space and focusing back on the conversation.  “Firstly – it boggles my mind that you know who Lady Gaga is; secondly, who gave you an iPod if not me; and thirdly, why the radio at all then?”“Agent Barton mentioned the lady in passing as a possible alien invader – and yes, I did realize he was joking –” Steve cuts Tony off before he can interject.   “And Agent Romanoff provided the iPod-”“Natasha did?” Tony assumes that’s what’s sitting, most likely untouched, inside the white Apple store bag on the viciously ugly pale yellow linol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

