Work Text:
When Thor enters his tent, he is pleased to see that his prize is already there.Under his father’s orders, Thor has led his men into Jotunheim to collect their oath of fealty to Asgard—with the instruction that he must complete this task, one way or another. The Jotnar are a proud race who would unfailingly choose death over surrender, and once, Thor might have rejoiced at the chance to tear through this realm. But he has since grown and learned the price of war. These giants, barbaric and primitive though their ways might be, are known for their strength and ferocity. Even if Thor’s army would undoubtedly prevail over them in battle, it would be at a significant price. So, when he saw the Jotnar kneeling at the Bifrost site, pledging goodwill and offering their so-called “Jewel” to boot, Thor had found it a most fortunate turn of events.He is pleased and relieved, and he is excited as well: the Jewel of Jotunheim is standing before him now, and Thor cannot stop a smirk from overtaking his face as he appreciates what a fine gift he has been given.This Jotun is unlike the others. He is a runtling, for one, standing half a head shorter than Thor, and while the rest of his kind have rough bodies and menacing faces, this one is a thing of beauty. His black hair falls in luscious waves down to his tiny waist, his limbs are long and slender, and his features are more delicate than those on any maiden Thor that has ever seen.“What is your name, little one?”“Loki,” the creature says, and adding as an afterthought, “my Lord.”He is staring directly into Thor’s eyes, almost defiant. This one is feisty, Thor thinks, and it makes his cock stir.Thor says nothing as he slowly circles his prey. Loki’s eyes are on him, but Thor does not look back—no, he is far too interested in something else. Decorated in golden chains and glittering gems, Loki’s blue skin appears most enticingly exotic. Thor cannot wait to map out every inch of the smooth planes, and he is already thinking of the thousands of ways he can mark the soft flesh as his. As he trails his gaze further down, he sees that Loki is dressed only in a small scrap of a loincloth, the colour of which is an exact match to that of Thor’s cape.“The red suits you.” He is behind Loki now, and his fingers itch to tear away the strip of fabric between the pert cheeks and feast his eyes on what is underneath.“Thank you, my Lord.” His words are sincere, but his tone is mocking.Stepping forward, Thor roughly grabs a handful of Loki’s bare ass in warning and growls into his ear. “You have quite a mouth, don’t you?”“Why, I—” Loki breaks off in a gasp when Thor delivers a violent slap to his rump, and he stumbles from the force of it.Thor rights him with a fist in his hair. “Keep talking,” Thor rumbles, “but know that soon enough you will be incapable of words. You will whimper and moan and scream.”Loki immediately shuts up in a predictable display of contrariness. To punish him, Thor bites down hard into the junction between Loki’s neck and shoulder, while he brings his hands to Loki’s nipples and twists. Trapped within his arms, Loki jolts, but apart from a sharp intake of breath, he is successful in keeping quiet. Thor is undeterred; he tugs on Loki’s nipples, rubbing them between his fingers and scratching them with his nails until they are pebbled peaks. Loki’s breathing has become so laboured that he is almost panting, and he is arching his chest upwards into Thor’s touch.“Do you like this, little pet?” Thor asks, already knowing the answer. He is rewarded with a snarl, and it makes him chuckle. “Do not fret; your body’s reaction is answer enough.”Thor gives Loki’s nipples a final, drawn-out pinch, and then he trails his hands downwards to explore more uncharted territories. Loki’s skin is cool, but not biting as Thor knows it can be, and he is mesmerised by the feeling of it under his palms, for it is smooth as silk even with the numerous ridges swirling over it. Loki is thin enough that Thor can trace each of his ribs, but just as distinct are the lean muscles that speak of a wiry strength. Thor greatly enjoys learning Loki’s torso, but it is not long before he grows impatient for more.Curling one arm around Loki’s waist to pull him close, Thor grinds into Loki’s ass to relieve some of the pressure in his cock. He slips his other hand into Loki’s loincloth, and discovers that Loki himself is hard—but he ignores that for the time being. If the rumours are true, there is something much more interesting further down. There is little room for his hand, but he does not want to bare Loki completely just yet, for he likes that there is still something left to the imagination. With some manoeuvring, he is able to get his fingers below Loki’s cock, to where his balls might be, and—aha.“Do you touch yourself here often?” Lightly dragging the tip of his finger along Loki’s slit, Thor is very pleased to find that Loki is soaking wet.“Of course not! Never in my life—I am not so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Secret Santa
Alternate Universe
Assassination Attempt(s)
War Prize Loki
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Virgin Loki
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Vaginal Fingering
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Sex
Rough Sex
Squirting
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Dirty Talk
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Thor
Dom/sub Undertones
Overstimulation

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

