Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m not the only one who’s wondering about what is it about our lives when going out on Halloween to fight a witch that’s summoning demons from a rift generator and is using an army of flying monkeys and pumpkins to keep us from stopping her isn’t met with any questions beyond ‘where’ and if we’ll make it back in time for our monster movie marathon, am I? Also, where do you just GET a rift generator and why does a witch even need one in the first place? Isn’t that cheating? I say that’s cheating because who ever heard of a witch using science and magic? It’s overkill, it’s what it is. And I want to know if combining science and magic should really be possible.”
“So says the man who has a sentient AI running his house and then goes and makes a sentient toaster.”
“I think we need less chatter on the comms and more minion smashing,” Steve stated, interrupting Tony from whatever it had been that he was going to say in response to Clint’s rebuttal. He tried to keep his voice stern, but Steve knew that any of the team would be able to pick out the amusement in his voice easily enough. Besides, Tony had a point with how ridiculous the situation was and he wasn’t bothering to hide the grin that made his lips crook upwards.
They were fighting a witch on Halloween, during a full moon, who was trying to summon demons and had an army of flying monkeys and pumpkin monster minions to protect her.
It sounded more like the plot to one of the bad horror movies that Clint insisted Steve needed to watch as a means to re-orient himself into modern society, than something Steve would ever expect to have to deal with. However, dealing with it he was and the Avengers were working as fast as possible to make a path through the witch’s minions to stop her from finishing her summoning ceremony. They might not have been exactly sure what it was she was trying to summon, but given the way she had cackled at them and then immediately set her army upon them, it was better to assume the worst. The pumpkins and monkeys weren’t tough opponents, one good punch was all it took to make them explode, but they had claws and teeth and a significant advantage in numbers. The fact that the witch had immediately started chanting just as they arrived was also working to their disadvantage.
“Hawkeye, do you see a way to interrupt the ceremony yet?” Steve had to duck as another monkey took a dive bomb at him and then was sent flying away with a screech as Steve batted it away with his shield. It crashed into a pumpkin and they both exploded in a mess of pumpkin guts and feathers. Steve suppressed another wince, already felt sorry for whoever was going to be on Avengers clean-up duty given the amount and nature of the mess they were making. The property damage might have been minimal and civilian casualties were non-existent at the moment, but they were making quite the mess of the docks.
“If I can get an incendiary arrow to make it to her, it'll interrupt her chanting and that should stop things, but that's if I can get a shot, and right now, there are too many targets in the way,” Clint answers. Distantly, Steve can hear the echoing effect that comes from hearing the Hulk’s roar through his own ears and through Hawkeye’s comm. The roar gives Steve a general idea of where the Hulk’s general location is, and since Clint hadn’t mentioned it, Steve has to assume it means that Hulk can’t help clear a path for the archer to make a shot. Although, the lack of comment from Clint also meant that Steve didn't have to worry about Hulk being any more out of control than he normally was. Given the simple nature of the fight, Steve only hoped that Bruce was actually enjoying a chance to let the Hulk out for some relatively safe smashing.
“Thor? Iron Man?”
“On it.”
“And I shall assist!”
“Black Widow, after Hawkeye makes his shot, take out the witch!”
“Roger Rogers.”
Steve takes a moment to let himself enjoy the grin that came over him and appreciate how well they all could work together now, even going as far as to have entire conversations filled with banter rather than just one-liners. For that, he’d put up with all the ‘Roger Rogers’ jokes they wanted to throw at him. His focus snaps back to the fight as a pumpkin jumps up and tries to scratch his eyes out. Steve's role right now is to make himself into an even bigger target, hopefully distracting enough monsters to give the others a better opportunity to eliminate as many as possible. And Steve can't think of any other better way than make the biggest mess possible out of pumpkin guts and monkey feathers.
The next few minutes are a constant repetition of punching, blocking, and demolishing minions as he makes his way slowly closer to the witch's location. Steve doesn't quite want to admit that he's finding the battle to be a little boring actually. It’s an endless repetition of using either his fist or his shield to impact with the endless number of minions that keep throwing themsel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne
Tim Drake/Kon-El
previous Dick Grayson/Barbara Gordon
previous Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Crossover
NaNoWriMo

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne
Tim Drake/Kon-El
previous Dick Grayson/Barbara Gordon
previous Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

