Work Text:
Steve has read all the files on Stark Industries, on Howard, on Obadiah, on Pepper Potts, and on Tony Stark. When he’d awakened from the ice, he’d had little to do but read while the U.S. Government decided what to do with him, although with the mountain of material he’d been given, it was obvious to Steve that they had at least some idea of what direction they intended to point him in.Even with that, Steve has plenty of time to work out, eat and sleep, although maybe only that last because he doesn’t need very much in the way of sleep most days.He sits in on high-ranking military meetings, most of them regarding Stark Industries, and if he isn’t quite sure why he’s there, he’s not complaining. It beats the two hours a day that someone from technical tries to drum modern-day technology into his head.History is easier. They’ll give him any books he asks for, and some that he doesn’t. Careful comparisons are either terrifying or enlightening. The history books seem pretty straightforward, but the loosely bound folders they give him -- folders that supposedly cover the same years as the books -- tell things differently. Some of the things he understands omitting. Some of them make him sad or mad in alternating waves.The signature on these alternate histories is always the same: Director Nick Fury, S.H.I.E.L.D.Steve can’t decide if he should be grateful to Fury, or if he would be better off not knowing.Steve goes through heavy bags at the rate of three or four a night, but no one complains.No one says anything to Steve at all, really. There is a little interaction when he asks for things, but he eats alone in the cafeteria, and he gradually comes to realize that it’s not because people aren’t friendly. No, it’s him. He’s some kind of top secret project -- he has some experience in that -- but even then, it hadn’t been like this. The only recognition he really gets is from the cafeteria workers, who always seem to know what he’ll like, and set extra food aside for himEven in the meetings with the military, no one solicits Steve’s opinion, and he doesn’t offer it. In his experience, most of the brass doesn’t want to hear the opinion of a lowly Captain, even if he is a super soldier that’s been trapped in ice for nearly seventy years.It’s probably for the best. If asked, Steve would have said that Stark (Tony, that was, not Howard) had no obligation to take military contracts and every reason not to. Steve has seen the reports, he knows about Stane, he recognizes the leap Tony Stark had made from warmonger to technology mogul, and that didn’t even include Iron Man. He gets why the military wants some of that back, but he doesn’t think forcing the issue is the right way of going about it, and that’s what these meetings all boil down to. Controlling the Iron Man suit and forcing Tony Stark to play ball.Or that’s what they boil down to until Steve finally meets the elusive Director Fury.Everyone stands when he arrives, up to and including four star generals, so Steve stands, too. He tries not to be too aggravated that they haven’t even provided him with a uniform yet. Fury is a broad shouldered black man in a leather coat, no insignia, and he’s got a leather patch covering his left eye, scars starring out from around it.“Colonel, we weren’t informed...” someone says -- Steve thinks he’s General Kurt, but can’t remember for sure. All he knows for sure is that for a colonel, Fury seems to be enjoying the attention of everyone in the room. Maybe Director is the key word here. Some things are different now. A Director is in charge of Homeland Security. Maybe this is something like that.Steve hadn’t found out what SHIELD stood for anywhere in his reading.Looking at Fury, Steve guesses something secret, covert in some way, and thus nonexistent to the world at large. While Steve doesn’t actually approve, he doesn’t entirely disapprove either. Intelligence leaks can lose wars, and he’s read enough about terrorism in the new modern age to see why an agency devoted to finding and keeping secrets might be needed.“We’re talking about Stark again.” Fury says. It doesn’t sound like a question. Several generals mumble guiltily.Fury looks at Steve. Looks straight at him, for what seems like the first time since he woke up. “And what do you think about Stark?”“I think he’s a grown man that has the right to make his own decisions,” Steve finds himself saying, flatly and completely honestly. “I think if you want him to make weapons for you, you’re probably out of luck, but I haven’t come across anything he’s said that would indicate that he wouldn’t accept other kinds of contracts. Body armor upgrades. Better targeting systems. Advanced night vision goggles. Satellite communications. Things that would aid our men and women in the field, without killing anyone.”Fury looks at him thoughtfully. “And the Iron Man armor?”“Belongs to him,” Steve says shortly.Fury stares at him for long enough that Steve actually feels like he’s in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark is kind of a dick
possibly dub-con (but not really)
Tony Stark has a filthy mouth
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

