Work Text:
Steve hated bets. Bucky loved them.But this time, Tony came up with one that Steve actually liked - one that proved, it was in fact, possible to make Captain America scream. It was Clint’s birthday party and of course, that meant Tony was throwing a huge celebration for the archer, despite him saying that he, ‘didn’t want anything big’. The Avengers lounge had never looked prettier, bright lights and lamps glowed in the evening light, the moonlight and stars sent down an almost ghostly gleam from the outside. Balloons and decorations had been pinned up, food was served in excess, as was the alcohol and music played in the background.By the time presents and cake had been given, the night had crawled in and it was just the ‘Avengers’ lot sitting around on the sofas. Steve slumped in a seat next to Bucky, who threw his flesh arm around the blond and pecked his temple.“Thank you guys,” Clint grinned, sitting down in the single seat, with Natasha perched on the armrest, her legs tangled in his, “really, thank you.”“Awh, now,” Natasha teased, smirking, “don’t get all soft on us, Barton.”Clint rolled his eyes, chuckling, “whatever you say Nat.”“You’re welcome, Legolas,” Tony laughed, sitting next to Thor and Rhodey, with Happy standing near them, talking to Pepper, Maria, Nick and Phil.“I mean you’re year closer to death now,” Pietro smirked, accent thick and adorable, whizzing past, “gettin’ on a little, aren’t you old man?Rolling his eyes, Clint looked over at Wanda who was sitting on the other sofa with Sam and Bruce, “control your brother.”Wanda scoffed, smirking, “like I haven’t tried.”Tony grinned, handing Steve a beer, “is it true that you really can’t get drunk, grandpa?”  Steve groaned, snuffling closer to his boyfriend’s warm body, careful of the look on Tony’s face, while Bucky grinned, ruffling Steve’s hair, kissing his cheek, murmuring quietly in his ear.“Yes, and stop callin’ me that,” Steve huffed, which made Bucky chuckle, so much so, that the blond could feel the vibration of his chest against his arm.“You wanna test that theory?” Tony smirked.“I already have.”“When…?” Clint asked, interested.“Uh…,” Steve looked down at his hands, and then very quietly said, “back during the war, when…Bucky fell.”Bucky’s arm around Steve tightened protectively, saying softly for just Steve’s ears, “hey, hey, Steve, I’m here now pal. Not gonna leave ya, okay?”Steve smiled, looking up at Bucky with those adorable blue eyes of his and nodded, “I know Buck. I know.”Bucky smiled, leaning down to press a soft kiss on Steve’s lips, one that the blond sighed into, relieved – this was real, this was now, Bucky was here, with him and that’s all that mattered.“Ugh,” Sam groaned, voicing everyone else’s discomfort, crunching up his face, “do you have to do that in public?”Bucky pulled back, laughing as he did, while Steve dipped his head bashfully, blushing all the way to his ears, muttering a small, “sorry.”“Oh my God!” Tony said loudly, “I have it. I think I’ve got it. I just wanted to see if old Steve here could get drunk, but really, I wanna see how long these two lovebirds can go without touching each other. Loser has to take all of my interviews and press talks about the company.”“No –“All right, you’re on,” Bucky smirked, pulling away from an annoyed Steve, who really didn’t like bets, watching as his friends shook hands and placed their predictions.“Awh, don’t pull that face, Stevie,” Bucky grinned, scooting a little away from Steve, “it’s gonna be fun.”Steve hid a small smile at that; oh it sure was, for him, but for Bucky, not so much.
It was safe to say that Steve was finding this a lot of fun.Being the little tease that he is, he was enjoying seeing Bucky squirm and growl at him, whenever he was being particularly teasing.Like for example now, Steve had stepped out of the bathroom, with a towel around his neck, only dressed in a pair low hanging joggers over his underwear, showing off his perfectly chiselled chest, and those damn hipbones that drove Bucky insane.“Hey Stevie,” Bucky said, walking into the bedroom, about to say something else but stopped himself, staring at his boyfriend’s body.Steve chuckled, towel drying his damp hair, “you all right there, Buck?”Bucky gulped, eyes widening, swallowing hard, “…uh, yeah, great, fine. Was just gonna ask what you want for dinner…”“Oh, right,” Steve grinned, breezing past Bucky, not touching him but close enough that Bucky could reach out and pin him to the wall, but he didn’t, no matter how much he wanted to, with trembling fingers.“Oh, God, Steve,” Bucky groaned, watching Steve walk past him, his eyes trailing down the blond’s back, towards his hips, and that perfect, perfect butt of his.“What?” Steve smirked, throwing a grin over his shoulder at Bucky, walking into their small living room, on their floor, “you findin’ it a little hard there, Buck?”Bucky growled, rolling his eyes, “oh, baby, Stevie come ‘ere, please, I gotta –“What?” Steve smirked, turnin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky
Light Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve
Sub Steve Rogers
dom bucky
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Established Relationship
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Inspired by Music
Allusions to Subspace?
I Don't Even Know
Porn With Plot
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
I mean there's some plot
Steve Bottoms
gentle dom Bucky
Bucky Just Wants To Take Care Of Steve
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Safewords
Safe Sane and Consensual
bucky loves steve
Colours
Praise Kink
authority kink
Kink Negotiation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

