Chapter 1: Sick Days
    


Notes:
1/13/16 This chapter has been edited. So. You might want to re-read it.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Steve had always known that he would be too late. Well—that wasn’t exactly true. One of the women his ma worked with at the hospital could tell him all about ‘too late;’ she’d met her Soulmate on the job, and the doctors hadn’t been able to save him.


Really, he was just being melodramatic when he thought that way. She wasn’t in danger, and she wasn’t rejecting him. She had children, yes, but she might be a widow, like his ma. Either way, she seemed to be willing to let him be a part of her life. And if she 

was

 married, or didn’t want to marry again, that would be all right. He could be a friend of the family. He could be Uncle Steve to the kids. 


He’d like that, even if a part of him regretted that he might never be ‘Dad.’

 
 
Darcy hated being sick. She hated every cough, every sniffle, every headache, and every day spent in bed because it took too much energy to get up. 

But even more than being sick, even more than the 

misery

 that was her sponsorship of tissue companies and Netflix, she 

hated

 missing work.


She hadn’t expected to love her job, or even to 

like

 it, really, but she did. She 

enjoyed 

looking after her scientists. She liked cooking for them, snarking with them, organizing them, and generally mothering them to within an inch of their lives. It was 

fun

, but more than that, it was satisfying.


That she regularly got thank-you-for-keeping-Tony-alive presents from Pepper Potts (usually in the form of designer shoes, a spa day, tailored clothing, or a girls’ night out) was an added bonus.


Still, she wasn’t a workaholic, and none of these things, none of these 

perks, 

were the reason why she hated missing work.


No, she hated it because every time she got sick, or had a family emergency, or 

whatever

, her scientists got into trouble. They stopped taking care of themselves; they did sleepy!science. They didn’t listen when people told them that their experiment/project was a Bad Idea, and so they went ahead and did it anyway. 


It had gotten to the point that she rarely left town; if she absolutely 

had

 to, she kept the trip as short as possible and locked down the labs while she was gone. Unfortunately, she couldn’t do the same when she was sick, particularly since her illnesses tended to drag on. She’d tried just going in to work sick once, but somehow her germs had interacted with Bruce’s experiment; the result was an electrified goo monster, which had escaped the lab and started attacking Manhattan. (No one wanted to contemplate the fact that it was probably actually a booger monster, and Darcy 

really

 didn’t want to think about the Avengers assembling to 

literally 

fight her sinus infection.) (On the bright side, it was her shortest sick leave yet; things had cleared right up the moment the goo monster was defeated.)


After that, Darcy was not allowed near the labs when she was sick.


She only left her scientists unsupervised once. 


Jane had opened a portal.


New York had not appreciated the live reenactment of Jurassic Park.


Darcy tried hiring a temporary babysitter.


The woman, who Darcy had 

thought

 had the nerves of steel required to deal with Tony, Bruce, and Jane, was a gibbering wreck after two days. There were three explosions in that time, and Tony had tried to build a telepathic coffee maker. 


A telepathic coffee maker with 

lasers

. 


He’d made nearly twenty prototypes, and they’d all started attacking a visiting Steve Rogers when he said he didn’t want any coffee. (What he’d been 

thinking

 about the coffee makers was anyone’s guess.)


Next, she had tried leaving them in JARVIS’s capable (if virtual) hands.


Tony had recruited the AI, and they’d both helped Bruce make hulk kittens.


Actually, those hadn’t caused too much trouble. They were pretty adorable, in fact. But still. 

Hulk kittens

. JARVIS 

totally

 should have put a stop to that.


This time, she’d just kept an eye on them via tablet, with JARVIS’s help. It 

mostly

 worked, but she was sleeping a lot, and they had no sleep schedule. They’d had a few close calls. But they 

had

 managed to avoid catastrophe. She’d thought—hoped—that they might make it through this illness without any major incidents. But the morning of what was supposed to be her first day back at work, she was woken not by her alarm clock, but by a mauve alert from JARVIS.


Darcy threw on some clothes and rushed to the labs.


She didn’t make it in time. 


She could see it happening through the glass: Tony’s new PA was sprinting for the door; the latest intern had a deer-in-the-headlights look and was staring in shock at a smoking machine; Jane and Tony were yelling at each other, both trying to fix the machine and obviously disagreeing about how; and Bruce was slowly backing away from t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff and Crack
Fluff and Angst
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Baby Iron Man
Baby Jane
Crack Treated Seriously
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Women Being Awesome
Darcy Lewis is a BAM
(complete with terrifying Mom Voice)
Scientist Wrangler Darcy Lewis
Smitten Steve Rogers
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Kid Fic
Kid Hulk
Adorable Hulk
Kid OC - Freeform
Kidnapping
Human Experimentation
Mama Bear Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

