Chapter 1: “I’m going to hurt us both, if you’re willing to take the risk, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
    


Summary:

Tony knows Steve loves him, but he still has doubts.





Chapter Text
The thing is, Tony knows he’s not good at relationships. Sure, people fall all over themselves to get a date with him, or spend a night with him, but one night stands aside, Tony doesn’t have a good track-record on relationships.In fact, the only serious one he’s ever had was with Pepper – and the world saw how that went.So really, he knows he’s not good at this and after Pepper, Tony also stopped trying. Which is why Steve definitely surprises him. It starts out innocently enough, with dinner dates whenever they are free, or post-mission cuddling on the couch to assure each other that they are both alive and whole and before Tony knows it, he has to admit to himself that they are pretty much dating.The realization is so shocking that Tony drops the screwdriver he’s holding and never has he been so thankful for the sacred emptiness of his workshop. He mutters a curse, picking the tool back up and twirls it in his fingers. This… this… thing with Steve, it seems to work. But Tony knows himself and knows that there will come a point where-“Sir, Captain Rogers is on his way down here”, JARVIS announces and the brunet freezes briefly. Speak of the devil… He looks up as the reinforced glass-door slides open and Steve enters, wearing this soft smile that is only reserved for Tony. It makes the burnet’s heart ache a little because God, he wants to see this smile all the time, forever, if possible – but people never stay and they certainly don’t stay with him.“Steve, hey”, he greets, whipping up a smile despite how he feels. “What brings you here?” The blond crosses the distance between them with a few steps, wraps his arms around Tony in a gesture so achingly familiar and Tony’s eyes flutter close at the brush of lips against his forehead.“Hey Tony”, Steve says with a smile. “I wanted to uh, talk to you? And then maybe take you out for dinner – you haven’t had lunch yet, have you?”The brunet thinks hard about this, but it’s true – he kind of forgot to eat lunch. Yet his appetite vanishes when the rest sinks in and he gulps, feeling cold despite the warmth of Steve’s embrace. He tilts his head just enough to look into the blue eyes and mentally prepares himself.“Steve- before- before you do that, let me say something first. About… about us. We’re, uh, we’re dating, right?”Steve’s raised eyebrow asks more questions than a hundred words.“I know it’s kind of late to say this now, considering what we’ve done already and so on, but… I… I don’t- Idon’tthinkthisisagoodidea” Tony finishes in a rush of garbled words, speaking as fast as he can just to get it out without losing his courage. Steve’s arms tighten around him and then, “Slower, Tony, what did you just say?”He squeezes his eyes shut.“I said… I said that this isn’t a good idea. You and me. I’m- God, Steve, you’re you and I’m just- I’m a mess at best, and not capable of having a relationship and I don’t want to break your heart by doing something stupid, so just- Just trust me on this and let’s not-”Steve shuts him up with a kiss and as much as it takes him by surprise, Tony melts into it, a soft little noise escaping him. “Tony…”, Steve starts when they part, his pretty blue eyes incredibly big and painfully honest. “Tony, I like you. I think you know that. But what I don’t know is why you suddenly think I’d just leave you. I stuck with you until now, didn’t I? Even before we started dating” The serious expression on Steve’s face cracks and he gives Tony a warm smile.“And I believe it was you who told me how stubborn I can be. And trust me, I’m certainly stubborn enough for this.”Tony wants so desperately to believe this – but Steve is way too good for him, a better man than he’ll ever be. He shakes his head, biting his lip; not quite denying anything, but unwilling to accept it. Steve sighs, then kisses him again and rests their foreheads together.“If you… if you can’t believe me, Tony, at least let’s try this, okay? Does that sound okay for you?”The brunet wants to try, oh, he wants to try so badly- but Tony knows he’s flawed and even though Steve may not be bothered by these flaws just now, he will be eventually. And that will be the point where he’ll leave Tony. It will probably hurt him worse than Pepper, will leave him to pick up the pieces of his heart… but despite better knowledge, Tony is tempted to believe Steve.He swallows hard, then nods.“But… Steve- There’s something you need to know. I’m not perfect. I’m going to hurt us both- If you’re willing to take the risk, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”Steve looks at him thoughtfully. “I’m more than willing to take that risk, shellhead. You know what they say about me… I never knew when to back down from a challenge, and I won’t start doing so now, either.”That is enough to make Tony laugh, enough to chase the worries out of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
writing challenge
Stony Prompt
prompt
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff
Established Relationship
Domestic Avengers
Getting Together
Friends to Lovers
Love Confessions
Angst
(not yet but it will come)
Marriage Proposal
Dorks in Love
Spiders
Sickfic
Hurt/Comfort
ill-timed proposal
Tony Being Tony
Doombots
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Rating May Change
Wedding Fluff
Wedding
Tony gets married to Steve
Tony Has Issues
Dirty Talk
Arc Reactor
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Touch-Starved tony
Tony-centric
Domestic Fluff
Sharing Clothes
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - College/University
Drunk Tony Stark
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
touch-starved Steve
Jealous Steve Rogers
Kittens
Tony and kittens
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superfamily
Domestic Bliss
Steve and kittens
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Romantic Soulmates
Soulmate Tattoos
Tony Feels
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Porn With Plot
Fluff and Smut
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Tony Stark
Coming Out
Team as Family
Alternate Universe - High School
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Protectiveness
Protective Avengers
Jealous Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

