Work Text:
 Steve sighed happily, as the water from the showerhead hit him, rolling down his body, washing away the stress of the day, the training, all of his aches and pains, trickling down the drain, gone until the next time day cropped up. He stood there for some time, letting the hot water wash over his body. Then, he covered himself in soap and wash out his hair with shampoo. When he was done, he quickly, stepped out and dried himself, changing into a clean pair of boxers, shorts and a baggy top (for once).It was a quiet evening, the night had already settled in, engulfing the city in its darkness, the streetlamps and flashing car lights making the whole place glow, buzzing with energy, the city was always alive, even at night. He liked watching the city from his floor, snuggled on the sofa, with the TV playing in the background. If he closed his eyes, he could pretend he was back in Brooklyn, back when swing music would play and Bucky would force him out on dates, when really the only person he wanted to kiss and hold, was Bucky.He can do that now.He does.They do a lot, but never anything more.Bucky may be unhinged and hardened from his experiences, but his memories are back and he knowshe loves Steve, that’s not the problem. It’s Steve. To be honest, there’s no shame in it, it’s society that makes you think so – if you haven’t had sex by a certain age that means there’s something wrong with you. Well, for Steve, bearing in mind that he was so incredibly sick back then, then he was at war, then he was frozen for fucking ages, it’s no wonder he hasn’t had the time to think, ‘oh yeah, by the way, you wanna have sex with me?’ Not that Steve would ever say or think that – because he’s Steve.The thing is Bucky doesn’t know this. And Steve’s scared, first off for never having taken that step and also worried about either, scaring Bucky off, or freaking him out. Sighing, Steve opened his eyes, it’s no use trying to block the thoughts that haunt him all the time, they find him with or without his eyes closed, it doesn’t make a difference. The door to his floor opened about five minutes later, and Bucky walked in, smelling like cologne and a hint of alcohol. He’d been out with Sam and Natasha for the evening, needing to get out, considering he wasn’t cleared for missions just yet, and with Steve gone, there wasn’t much to do.“Hey, Stevie,” Bucky smiled, flopping down next to Steve on the sofa, kissing his boyfriend’s cheek. Steve managed a half smile, for some reason feeling like an absolute baby. Why was he so hung up on this? Bucky wasn’t the kind to judge, never has been.“Steve?” Bucky asked, now concerned, as he turned his body to face him, “what’s wrong?”“Nothin’,” the blond replied, shrugging, “just tired.”“Bullshit,” Bucky scoffed, rolling his eyes, “you think I don’t know when something’s wrong? C’mon Steve, I know something’s happened. Tell me.”Steve looked up at Bucky then, blushing under his intense gaze, “it’s nothin’, let’s just leave it. I think Tony wanted to –“Steve,” Bucky growled, stopping him from moving, caging him in on the sofa, “tell me what’s wrong.”Steve sighed, “get off me Buck. I said it’s nothin’, now leave it, please?”Bucky shook his head, falling onto Steve’s lap, straddling his hips, with that stupid determined look on his lovely face, “tell me. I’m not movin’ until you do.“You’re kiddin’ me, right?” Steve rolled his eyes, shaking his head, “c’mon Buck, just leave it.”
“No.”
“Bucky –“Steve.”“Bucky I don’t want to –
“Steve.”
Steve groaned angrily, trying to shove his boyfriend off him, but Bucky was relentless. He dug his knees into the sofa, his metal hand holding onto the sofa headrest.“For fuck sake,” Steve grumbled, wanting to smack his stupid boyfriend for laughing at him.Bucky smirked, his blue eyes light in the evening darkness, his short, dark hair lighting up whenever the streetlights fell upon them, “told ya, punk. Now, spill.”“This really isn’t the time to –“Steve, fuckin’ tell me,” Bucky demanded, cupping Steve’s face now, all humour gone, replaced by worry and fear, “what’s wrong?”“I’veneverhadsexbefore!” Steve said, all in one go and managed to slip out of Bucky’s hold, as he went slack, just staring at him.“There, are you happy?” Steve huffed, his voice was shaking, eyes wide and fearful, worried that Bucky would turn and run, “that’s what’s been botherin’ me. ‘Cause, I-I, you know what, forget it.”But before Steve could move away from where he stood, Bucky surged forwards, crushing his lips against Steve’s. The blond stumbled but quickly regained his footing, wrapping his arms around Bucky, pressing his lips harder against Bucky’s. Soon, Bucky had his hands in Steve’s hair, panting into his mouth, sucking Steve’s bottom lip into his, nipping lightly, drawing out the sweetest moans from Steve.“Stevie, you’re so adorable,” Bucky mumbled against Steve’s lips, “you thought that would scare me off? Is that why you’ve been holdin’ back?”Steve blushed, looking down and Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Smut
smut & fluff
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky
Top Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve
Sub Steve Rogers
dom bucky
Dom Bucky Barnes
Stucky - Freeform
stucky feels
stucky smut
stucky fluff
Steve Rogers Fluff
Bucky Barnes Fluff
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Returns
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Avengers Family
Post-Avengers (2012)
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Don't Judge Me
ugh i don't know
Light Dom/sub
Steve Bottoms
gentle dom Bucky
Subspace
Praise Kink
Kink Negotiation
authority kink
Colours
Safewords
Safe Sane and Consensual
Bucky looks after steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

