Work Text:
 “…that we could make forever after all, finding the gold in our darkest moments, watching the roads turning into white roses, roses, and we don’t ever have to leave these walls…”
Steve groaned, his head was spinning and, something, somewhere was bleeding, but for the life of him, he couldn’t, fucking, move. Groggily, he opened his eyes, managing to somewhat sit up. Dust and rubble surrounded him, rocks and dirt, the lighting was so dim in here, he could barely see a thing. Flicking on his torch, he shone it out into the darkness and…well, fuck.He was trapped.Underground.In a bloody cave.“You’ve got to be kiddin’ me,” he muttered angrily to himself, shifting his weight onto to his right arm, tugging his left free from the rubble and managed to pull his leg free, to stand, awkwardly, but nevertheless, off the ground.“Bucky?” Steve called out frantically into the dark, heart pounding in his chest, blood draining from his face, as shivers ran down his back, leaving him cold and afraid, “Bucky?”From somewhere in the darkness, Steve heard a deep groan and stumbling over the rocks, he followed the sound of his boyfriend cursing.“Buck! Bucky – fuck, are you – oh, Bucky,” Steve scrambled over to Bucky’s propped up form, collapsing next to him in a heap. Aside from taking a knock or two, Bucky was all right, just covered in dust, but he was all right nevertheless. His short, tousled hair was streaked with dirt, and he looked tired beyond belief, but he was here, he was all right.He was real.“Hiya punk,” Bucky managed a half laugh, as Steve burrowed himself against him, hugging him tight, his face buried in his neck, “’m okay, ‘m okay, Stevie.”“I didn’t – I couldn’t –“Hey, hey, Steve,” Bucky said softly, and lifted his hands to frame the blond’s face gently, “it’s not your fault. How ya supposed to know they’d rig the fuckin’ place, eh? It’s Hydra. Not you, baby.”Steve nodded, sniffing, “I thought, when it happened and you – you weren’t next to me, and then when I came to and you weren’t – I thought I’d lost you.”“No, no,” Bucky murmured, pulling Steve closer, cushioning the blond on his lap, wrapping his arms around his solid form, “I’m here. Ain’t goin’, ain’t leavin’ ya.”Steve managed a half smile, but a small whine, something close to a broken cry, left his lips and Bucky lost it. He smashed his lips against Steve’s, wanting to, needing to; prove that he was here, that they were both here. That it was them, always them.Sure, things had changed, and parts of them had been lost, some physical, some mental. But underneath it all, down to their very cores, they had the same morals, the same values, the same heart – the same bond.Yes, they were hardened by time and war.Yes, they’d seen and done things they both hated.They knew they’d never go back to the innocent kids from Brooklyn, but even so, they still had echoes of those youngsters in them, just with added dreams, secrets, lies, love, pain, colour and shade. And that’s all right, because even so, after all these years, after everything that’s happened, they found each other again – they always would.  “I’m here,” Bucky murmured breathlessly after their kiss, trailing his lips down Steve’s neck, “I’m right here, Stevie, I gotcha baby, I gotcha.”“Bucky,” Steve sighed happily, practically melting in Bucky’s embrace, as the brunette’s lips ghosted over his jaw, down his neck, stopping to place butterfly kisses just under his chin, then over his Adam’s apple, before sucking over his pulse, “…hmm-hmm, Bucky, Bucky…”Bucky smiled against Steve’s neck, grazing his teeth over soft skin, sucking hickeys that would soon fade, but pleased the brunette nevertheless, “I’m here, baby, I’m right here, baby. My sweet doll, can ya feel this? Eh? I’m here, Stevie.”Steve’s eyes fluttered closed, putty in Bucky’s arms, “Bucky…Bucky, we can’t – not here, someone will –Bucky grinned wolfishly, drawing back to look at Steve’s blushing face, “ain’t nobody here, Steve. No one’s gonna come lookin’ if they think we’re buried under rubble, eh?”Steve groaned, as Bucky began palming and stroking him through his uniform, causing his hips to stutter, “Bucky…”“You wanna Steve?” Bucky smirked, beginning to coax the blond to straddle his hips, “c’mon baby, come ‘ere, look at you. All red and adorable, turn from hero to innocent little Stevie, in a second, don’t ya?”“Bucky…,” Steve whispered, eyes open, hazy and dark, “it’s not…nice ‘ere.”Bucky chuckled, nosing his boyfriend’s flushed neck, “there’s a room through there, seems it was a hideout for those Hydra fuckers. What d’ya say we mess it up a little?”Steve managed a bashful smile and nodded, letting Bucky pick him up and carry him through. The room though a little foggy, but was more or less intact, escaping the impact in the other rooms, due to the enforced walling.Steve moaned, when Bucky set him down, watching as Bucky lay on his back, asking with a soft smirk, “you like what you see?”The blond blushed immediately, chewing his botto
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Smut and Fluff
Fluff
Smut
Stucky - Freeform
stucky feels
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky
Topping
Topping from the Bottom
Sub Steve
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Steve Bottoms
Steve Is A Bottom
Protective Bucky
Protective Bucky Barnes
stucky smut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Safe Sane and Consensual
Praise Kink
authority kink
Body Worship
Fluffy Ending
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Returns
safe sex
Kinks
Kink Negotiation
Safewords
Safer Sex
Colours
Not Use In This Fic
But In Others
Bucky Likes To Top
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Civil War (Marvel)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

