Work Text:

“Could you imagine the taste of your lips, if we never tried to kiss on the drive to Queen’s? ‘Cause I imagine the weight of your ribs, if you lied between my hips in the backseat.”

Steve’s eyes opened slowly, fluttering against the cool breeze that was kissing his cheeks, and running through his short, golden blond hair.“Steve?”Groggily, Steve turned his head to face the person who had spoken to him. Smiling softly, Steve’s blue eyes fell on Bucky, who was sitting in the driver’s seat, taking them out to nowhere.“Hmm,” Steve hummed, leaning over and kissing Bucky’s cheek, then his jaw and neck, mumbling, “sorry, fell asleep.”Bucky chuckled, glancing at Steve and then back at the open road, “you hungry? There’s food in the back. I stopped on the way, thought you’d want somethin’.”Steve shook his head, stretching in his seat, his arms reaching up into the cool, autumn air, “’m okay for now. Thanks Buck.”Bucky reached over and placed his flesh hand on Steve’s thigh and gently began running circles against his leg, and despite wearing jeans, Steve could feel the warmth in his boyfriend’s hand, “remember when we said we’d save up and get a car. Never had enough money, and now…”Steve nodded, sighing happily, leaning onto Bucky’s right arm, taking his hand in his, kissing the brunette’s knuckles, “I know, it’s crazy.”Bucky laughed, “of all the things that are crazy, a car with an open roof probably isn’t even on the priority list.”“You know what I mean,” Steve grinned, rolling his eyes, “I mean…it’s all crazy. And…now, I have you. I thought I’d never…but when you came back I –Steve cut himself off, burying his face in Bucky’s neck, forcing himself not to break. It had been quite some time since Bucky had been back (so much time that they’d faced Thanos and won), and yet, the memory of losing him was fresh in Steve’s mind.“Stevie,” Bucky cooed, keeping his voice smooth but firm, sensing what was coming, before pulling over to the side of the road, hiding them in autumn’s fiery trees and golden sunset, “don’t do that. Don’t, please, don’t, I’m right here doll.”“But –“Stevie, baby, don’t.”Steve shook his head, a small broken whimper leaving his lips, as he snuggled closer to Bucky’s warm body, seeking comfort and love. The brunette unbuckled both of their seatbelts and pulled Steve closer, until he was sitting, nestled comfortably on Bucky’s lap.This happened sometimes. Steve got stuck in his own mindset, trapped in a headspace that made him think the worst of everything. Only Bucky saw him like this and only Bucky could make it better.“Steve, baby doll,” Bucky murmured softly, kissing the blond’s temple, “look at me, darlin’.”A small noise, sounding close to a whine left Steve’s lips. But he looked up all the same. His baby blue eyes were wide and honest, teary and dilated, and immediately Bucky knew what was going on.“’m sorry, sir,” Steve whispered, ashamed, looking down at his hands, “’m sorry I upset you.”Bucky clucked, shaking his head, running his hand up and down Steve’s back, quickly taking on the pressure and anxiety placed on Steve’s shoulders, slipping into the dominant side Steve craved, “no, no you didn’t baby doll. You didn’t do anythin’ wrong, okay, sweetheart?”“I did,” Steve mumbled, curling against Bucky’s chest, burying his face in the brunette’s top, “you told me not to think about it. And I did.”“Baby, look at me,” Bucky said softly, but firmly, “look at me, Steve.”The blond raised his head, peering up at the brunette, biting his bottom lip, “I’m sorry, sir.”  Bucky smiled gently, kissing Steve’s forehead and then began to pepper his face with kisses, in between speaking, “you have nothin’ to be sorry about – kiss – I’m here, okay? And I love you – kiss – I love you so much, darlin’ – kiss – I love you, I love you – kiss – I love you.”Blushing, Steve ducked his head against Bucky’s chest, “okay. I love you too, Bucky.”“Ah-ah, who Steve? Who’s in charge here?” Bucky murmured, his was voice deep and husky in Steve’s ear, knowing that this is what Steve needed. He needed comfort, love, reassurance – that this was real, this was happening, that Bucky loved him, always would.Steve looked up at Bucky then, realising that this was continuing and his eyes widened, dilating again almost immediately, “sir. I love you, sir.”Humming, Bucky smiled proudly, kissing Steve’s cheek, then his jaw, trailing his hands over his boyfriend’s back and legs, “is this okay, Stevie?”Steve nodded, closing his eyes, “yes, sir.”“What do you want darlin’?” Bucky asked, his metal arm, wrapping around his legs, while his flesh one stayed on his back, “want me to make you feel good again?”Steve nodded, hard in his jeans, “yes, please sir.”Bucky nipped Steve’s earlobe, then began leaving open mouthed kisses down the blond’s flushed skin, oven his Adam’s apple, sucking lightly, nipping and biting, leaving his mark. Steve bit down on his bottom lip, trying to keep quiet, not sure if Bucky wanted him to make noise.“Sweet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky
Top Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky
Praise Kink
Body Worship
authority kink
Steve Calls Bucky Sir
Dom Bucky Barnes
dom bucky
Sub Steve Rogers
Sub Steve
Dom/sub
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The First Avenger
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Civil War (Marvel)
Consensual Kink
Safewords
Safe Sane and Consensual
Use of Colours
Green Yellow Red
I don't know
Bucky Checks In
He's Kind
He Loves Steve
It's all fluffy
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
literally smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

