Chapter 1



Notes:
Wow, this is one of my most popular fics! Thank you guys!If you came here from a fic rec site, please let me know, cause I have no idea how else you would have found me!Hugs! x




Chapter Text

Fuck. This.  Shit.
 The second that Loki opened his fingers, letting go of the staff and falling into space, his heart had made the decision before his mind could even think about it.  Happiness was something for others.
It was not part of Loki’s life.  Always tired, the trickster sported that haunted look that spoke of too little sleep and too many glances thrown over your shoulders when walking down a hallway.  The problem was Thor, had been Thor for a while now. Since Loki had turned 17 going into his first, still very suppressed heat and alphas were able to smell his omega status, men as well as women had circled him like sharks a bloody piece of meat, barking at each other when one of them got to close to him, trying to claim him for their own.Loki had not been impressed. Just like any other teen he had been excited about his first heat, being grown-up, entering the fascinating world of alpha and omega and ...sex.
The god of lies had been trained early in life where his place was and where he stood as an omega, that he would need to find his alpha mate and subdue to him or her when the time had come.
He was taught that even though nowadays alpha and omegas shared similar rights, there were still certain rules that he had to follow. But rules did not abide well with the trickster.
They never had.He was not allowed to fight with swords, a typical alpha weapon, or wrestle or show any other signs of what could be read as dominant behaviour. Omega’s were often coaxed to take up healing professions, reading or in his case magic, as it was believed that this would better fit their submissive character. Also, they would be able to bare child in later times, and were therefore too valuable to be lost in battle.Most omegas were happy with their lot as they were in recent times equal members of society, even allowed to partake in discussions and politics, which has not always been this way.
Still, Loki did not like to be labelled, and he especially did not like to be told what he could and could not do. Instead, much to his parents and teachers dismay, it had the opposite effect on him, bristling against society and crossing boundaries and acting out of “omega” character whenever he could.
Fighting with his magic.
Unheard of. But the silver tongue managed to charm him into battles, fighting next to the greatest, always aware that an injury would condemn him to a life behind closed doors.
He was very, very careful. Loki waited impatiently for his first heat, secretly hoping that it would help him fit in and finally submit to his place.
For as it was, all he wanted to do is be free from any restraints, and that was just and simply not possible.
Not as the second prince of Asgard.
Not as an omega.When his first heat hit him, he did not even realize that it had happened until it was over.
He was more interested in sex... more than usual...and he had started to follow the overpowering scents of alphas and omegas in heat, watching their interactions and finally listening at the door that would be closed for days, screams of pleasure audible all the way down the hallway. His heat seemed to be nothing more than the feeling of warmth in his stomach and a sensitive cock and ass, pulsating warmly between his legs.
Loki could feel his genitals rub against his pants when walking, and some of the scents that waved through the hallways made him heady.  A couple of times he was even forced to retreat to his own room to jerk off with a few quick strokes, coming fast and hard, panting at the sharp smell of his own lust that waved of him in a thick cloud. And that was it. It made him different from all the other omega’s he knew around him. No matter how smart or strong or quiet, outgoing or shy, all of them without exception changed their ways when the hormones hit them, whining for a hard fuck, knees shacking, rubbing themselves against any alpha within their reach unless they were already mated, watching them with large, wet eyes. He tried not to judge, but the obvious show of submissiveness disgusted him, and he started wishing that he had been a first-born to be raised as alpha, and not second-born and therefore submissive omega.But instead Loki roamed the hallways, feeling an inner hunger, subconsciously searching for the scent of a potential mate, all his senses heightened, wishing, hoping for something that was missing in his life.
However he realized quickly that the musky smell of the alpha men and women around him was too strong for his sensitive nose, too overpowering, too  crude to trigger any type of lust of need. Loki was almost glad. For there was nothing that Loki hated more than losing control.  Loki remembered the first day that Thor had smelled him as an omega quite clearly.He had joined his brother for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Thor (Marvel)
Loki / Other (to be revealed later)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Dark!Thor
Alpha/Omega
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Sexual Slavery
Bondage and Discipline
Beating
Omega Verse
Explicit Sexual Content
Rape/Non-con Elements
Porn With Plot
Non-Con Thorki
Kind of ok ending
But probably not the way you think

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Thor (Marvel)
Loki / Other (to be revealed later)

