Work Text:
There was music drifting past the door when she knocked. Straining to pick it out, she winced a little when she recognized Bing Crosby's 'I'll Be Home for Christmas'. Was he brooding? Was he reflective? Was he feeling nostalgic? Was it all of the above? So … did she go in with Stark obnoxiousness on full to josh him out of a mood? Or did she try Lewis tact and let him have his space and quiet? Or a little of both until she could figure out the best way to approach him?The chain rattled, the bolts clicked back, and Bucky opened his door, gazing at her with a puzzled frown on his face. "Darcy?" "Merry Christmas, Bucky," she greeted with a grin, hefting the green and red bags in her arms. "Can I come in?""Oh, yeah, sure," he muttered, stepping back. He remembered his manners while she dumped her gifts on the coffee table. "Merry Christmas. I thought we weren't doing dinner for another couple hours?" "Change of plans." She shrugged out of her coat and smiled when the next song was 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas'. Well, at least he was trying for the Christmas spirit. That would make this easier. "Also, I sent you a text like an hour ago that I was coming over. Check your messages."He looked over at his phone, but didn't take it out of the dock, letting the music continue. "Must have missed it.""Hope you don't mind I came over, then."He smiled and shook his head. "I never mind seeing you, doll."Darcy dropped down onto his couch and watched him. He seemed pensive, but not really broody. "How was midnight mass?""Okay. I forgot a lot of it," he said with a shrug, sitting down next to her. "I saw Murdock there.""Oh yeah? How was he?"Bucky frowned and scratched at his jaw. "Looked like he went a couple rounds with me.""Really?""Yeah. His face was busted up pretty good. Said he got mugged.""Damn," she breathed out with a wince and a twist of sadness in her gut. She liked Matt okay; he was hard to get a read on and a little weird, but she had a collection of weirdos already, so what was one more? "That sucks.""Yeah," Bucky said, but his tone was quiet, thoughtful.Darcy raised an eyebrow at him. "You think he didn't?""I don't know. His knuckles were torn up, too, so he got in a couple licks himself, if he was mugged. Not bad for a blind guy.""Foggy told me Matt's dad was a prize fighter.""Oh, that makes sense." He nodded, accepting that, then he waved a hand at the coffee table. "What's this?""These are Christmas presents." Darcy sat forward and picked up the big green bag and tossed it at him. "Open it up."He looked uncomfortable and handled the package gingerly, like it might actually be a bomb. "I didn't get you anything.""Oh, don't worry," she said with a smirk, "I'll get my gift later."His eyebrow shot up. "Is that right?""I feel pretty confident." She bit her bottom lip and waggled her eyebrows at him until he huffed a laugh and looked down at the bag. "Open it, open it, open it," she chanted when he continued to stare.Shoving aside tissue paper, he pulled out a soft, bright red sweater. Unfolding it, his mouth dropped open in shock, maybe, or possibly horror. "What the fuck is this?""It's an ugly sweater." It was also, in Darcy's opinion, magnificent, with repeating patterns of reindeer, candy canes, snowflakes, wreaths, sleighs, stockings, bells, and stars. "Yeah," he agreed, and kept staring at it. "Why?""Because it's the obnoxious thing of the moment," Darcy assured him. "It's kitschy and harkens back to the days when grandma would hand-knit you something you absolutely hated but you had to wear anyway. It's an irritating and horrifying trend and I love it so much, you don't even know. Mostly, I just really enjoy dressing up beautiful people in ugly sweaters. It's charming. You should've seen the look on Steve's face." She snickered at the memory for a second, until the thought brought to mind the other beautiful people she'd dressed up, and then she frowned a little. "Except, somehow Natasha makes hers look elegant. I don't know how she does it. It's like some weird sort of magic only she's mastered. I even got her the ugliest one I could find this year, with eight tacky, sequined reindeer that light up. And, damned if she didn't rock the hell out of it.""People actually wear these?" He asked, still awestruck by the hideous grandeur of his sweater. "Yes." Darcy tugged at her own sweater, a cardigan that was half red and half green with a giant Santa head on one side and a tree decorated with actual tiny ornaments on the other. He closed his eyes and shook his head. "No.""Yes," Darcy pressed, cackling at his horror. "You should totally put it on now.""No.""Steve put his on." After absolutely refusing until Natasha guilted him into it. And then he took it off and 'lost' it an hour later. Oh well, she had a picture. And Bucky didn't need to know all that. "Steve's an idiot.""Come on, Bucky. It's a Christmas tradition.""I'll skip that one," he said, jaw set stubbornly."Fine, grumpy soldier," Da
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Christmas Fluff
Gift Fic
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

