Work Text:
 Surprisingly, Steve is the one to suggest it.“I have something I want to try,” he says in that careful way that always makes Tony prick up his ears and pay attention because that particular tone of voice means he’s talking about sex.Of course, the fact that the three of them are all naked and sprawled out on Tony’s decadently enormous bed is a pretty good indication that the evening was eventually going to be heading in that direction anyway.“Oh?” Tony prompts when Steve doesn’t make with the juicy details quickly enough. “Do tell.”Clint is lying across the foot of the bed on his stomach with his head pillowed on his folded arms. Tony had been pretty sure he was asleep up until now but Clint’s eyes had slitted open as soon as Steve spoke and he definitely looks interested in hearing this.Steve licks his lips and gets that determined look that says he knows he’s going to be teased but is going to say what he wants to anyway. “I was watching this video-” rolling his eyes when Tony crows with delight “- I was watching this video – yes, Tony, it was pornography – and there was something-”“I have so many questions,” Tony can’t keep himself from interrupting, this is too good. “How exactly did you come to be watching this particular blue movie? Did you fall asleep in front of the baseball? Take a wrong turning trying to find a Rita Hayworth marathon? Oh, Steve… you didn’t try to understand the internet again did you?”“No, Tony, I was looking at pornography on purpose,” Steve just rolls his eyes some more and doesn’t bother pointing out that he’s been using the internet without incident for months now. He’s a lot less fun now he’s learned not to rise to the bait. “I was looking for… ideas.”“Wait, you were watching porn for research?” Clint is clearly trying not to laugh and doing a far better job of it than Tony. “Actually for research? Does this mean there really are people who read Playboy for the articles? Because I always assumed that was just an urban legend.”“Can we focus here?” there’s a flash of command voice in Steve’s tone now but he ruins it by stretching out to prod Clint in the hip with his toes. “The important part of what I’m saying is that I saw something I want to try. If you fellas are interested.”“Why would you even need to watch porn when you already have two such devastatingly handsome men at your disposal?”“What did you want to try, Steve?” Clint asks, speaking over Tony and completely ignoring him. Rude. Tony tries to kick him too but Clint just rolls onto his side and out of reach without even looking at Tony. Even ruder.“Well,” and now there’s a touch of colour coming up on Steve’s cheeks and that’s rare enough to distract Tony from searching for something to throw at Clint. “There were these two guys and they were both… inside another fella and I thought that was… I thought we could try that.”Well now. Tony can feel the predatory edge to his own grin. “Ah. You want to try that classic staple of the threesome lifestyle: the double penetration. Well, Captain, I have to say that I’m shocked and appalled and, uh, yeah, let’s do that. Let’s do that right now.”Steve laughs, a pleased and surprised huff of sound, and looking so damn relieved that Tony reaches out and pinches his nipple, laughing when Steve bats his hand away.“So how do you want to do this?” Tony sits up, rubbing his hands together as his mind runs through all the possibilities. “I’m assuming you mean both in the ass because, well, we’ve already played finger cuffs in pretty much every available configuration without you needing any sex tips from gay porn Cosmo. We’re talking one ass two cocks, right?”“Yeah. And I was kind of thinking you and me with Clint in the middle,” Steve is practically glowing already, anticipation and happiness written all over him as he smiles at Clint.Clint isn’t smiling back. His eyes flick between Steve and Tony and his expression has gone carefully blank, not giving anything away.“You’re down with this, right, Legolas?” God this is going to be so good, Tony can just picture it now. Sliding into that ass, nestled alongside Steve’s cock, Clint hot and moaning around them both. It’s going to be so tight, such a tight fit.“Sure,” Clint says although he doesn’t sound very sure. “I mean. I guess? Why me though?”There’s a wary edge to the question. Clint suspicious of this like he always is when he’s singled out for anything or when he’s made aware that people have been thinking about him. Tony’s never sure if it’s a sign of some deeply hidden insecurity or – more likely – something trained into him as part of being a sniper-slash-spy-slash-secret agent for a top secret organisation. Clint’s been a superhero for over a year at this point though so he should have gotten over it by now. There are tee shirts with his face on for God’s sake.“I think it’ll be hot,” Steve says and that look in his eye never fails to quicken Tony’s pulse even if it’s not, strictly speaking, directed at him right now. “W
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
Established Relationship
Double Penetration
Porn
Post-Movie(s)

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

