Work Text:


~*~Tony didn't have off-days.He was never off. No siree, he was like on like Donkey Kong. Hell, he didn't even need sleep to be on. He was on while sleep deprived, he could be on in a coma. Kill him and he'd be on. You just watch. It had stung when he'd been doused in his own coffee pot - yes, the entire fucking pot, he was never going to be not sticky again. But what had stung more was the commentary Clint had to offer as the archer helped Tony put his burned arms - which unfortunately bore the brunt of the pot - into the sink, underneath a stream of cool water."Off-day, Stark?"Tony could've hissed back, and in fact, he did, but it wasn't because he was offended, it was because Clint's giant fucking hands had touched a raw spot on his forearm, and wow, that was painful. Nearly as painful as the notion of Tony Motherfucking Stark having an off-day.Clint sent him a concerned look and carefully maneuvered Tony against a counter. The brunette stood there, eyes teary from the pain (traitors) as the bigger man grabbed some burn cream from the fridge and applied it expertly.Clint's voice dropped a notch, as if they were snobby women at a tuber ware party and he wanted to make sure Tony was okay with forfeiting his figure for a second slice of cake, "Tony, have you been sleeping oka-"Just as Tony was about to snap on the goodhearted archer, he remembered that anger management was something Cap had been trying to inflict among everyone of the team members - excluding Natasha, because damn, that woman was nothing but control.Tony took a deep breath as Clint rubbed the rest of the ointment in, opening clenched eyes; surgery without sedation was something he had already conquered, and the burn really hadn't hurt that bad.Tony's body was built of scar tissue.Emotions? That was something very difficult, something he couldn't make an equation for. Of course, he wasn't overly sensitive. It just hadn't been his day, and the team had moved in less than a month ago and things were too close and people were too close and he couldn't move and he really hadn't slept but he wouldn't tell Clint that because humans were weird and he didn't want them to care because everybody who ever cared about Tony Stark hadstoppedcaringinordertoleavehimbehind. Suddenly Tony found himself gasping for air that wasn't there.Everything was too much.Tony felt the world spin as his body went flimsy and Clint caught him, yelling something inaudible; the genius simply slumped, bottom on the coffee covered ground as his back leaned against cabinets.Then, just as suddenly as the air had left his lungs, Clint was in his face, looking calm and serious.Even those little forehead creases had made an appearance, and Tony would've joked about him being the old one, if he could've spoken, of course.The archer was acting out a deep breath, taking Tony's hand and putting it on his muscular chest. Tony imagined them being in opposite positions, and how he might not have been able to allow the archer to touch him there, not because it was intimate, but because Tony was lugging around some extra hardware.Tony flushed, not from the lack of oxygen, but from the thought of all of his embarrassing insecurities.Falling apart in front of anyone other than his 'bots was one of them.Tony attempted to block out those intrusive thoughts, breathing in and out, his throat feeling less tight, his vision less hazy. Tony kept his eyes on Clint's chest, because he couldn't bear to see the pity that might be laced within the other man's eyes.Sound started to filter back in as his heart beat's erratic solo came to an end, and Tony recognized Clint's raspy tone, soft and calm, like a therapists."Tony? Good job, breathe. Come on. In and out, in and out." Clint kept breathing deeply, thumb running over the back of Tony's hand in what was supposed to be a comforting manner.Tony didn't find it as comforting as it was humiliating.How the fuck did Clint the broody faced child know about panic attacks and deep breathing?Tony would've shrugged if he'd had the strength, maybe the money he'd put into SHIELD was paying off in the form of medical training.Tony shook miscellaneous thoughts away, attempting to suck in more of the oxygen that seemed to be repulsed by him. Clint's lip quirked up and he nodded once, a hesitant show of approval. Maybe Tony was doing better? Breathing correctly? Doing something correctly?Clint had never approved of anything Tony had ever done, Bruce was the only one on the team that had that capability. Of course, they had thought he was brave for the whole drifting-into-a-wormhole-to-save-the-world fiasco, but even then, Steve had done a spiel on self sacrifice for the 'entire' team.The genius had thought it was odd that the captain's eyes had never left his own during the tirade.Abruptly, Tony felt a heat spread across his body. He would never let anyone know how looking into the glorious Final Frontier and nearly dying again had just added another layer o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Panic Attacks
PTSD
Tony Has Issues
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs Sleep
Asshole Clint
Apologetic Clint
Guilty clint
Team bashing on Tony
Poor Tony Stark
5+1 Things
Tony Whump

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

