Work Text:
"C'mon, Stevie," Bucky cajoled. "Just one hint?"Steve scowled and shoved his hands deeper into his coat pockets. "Leave off, Buck. It's supposed to be private."He snorted. "Says Father O'Malley.""Says my Ma and your Ma."Bucky glanced down at his own forearm -- blank to Steve's eyes, but Bucky clearly saw something there because his lips upturned at the corner."Sure is a pretty name," he sighed, then gave Steve a sidelong glance. "You got Edith, don't ya?""No!" Steve yelped, then punched Bucky hard on the shoulder just for good measure. Edith Abernathy had been mooning over Steve since kindergarten -- Lord knows why. She was always bringing over cookies and soup whenever he was sick. She was... nice, but not the one.Bucky ducked his punch, cackling, and Steve's short sleeve rode up on his forearm.ANTHONY showed briefly -- flat-silver lettering to Steve's eyes, like a scar, in big block letters. The rest: EDWARD STARK was still covered by his shirt. He thanked the Lord every day that your soulmate's name wasn't visible to everyone else 'til you touched them. Father O'Malley would probably have something to say about Steve's soulmate being a boy.Bucky returned to Steve's side, still grinning. They walked a few steps, then he blurted. "Natasha. That's her name.""Bucky," Steve tried not to blush. What he was sharing was considered very, very private.But Bucky was undeterred. "You should know, because you're my best pal and if you ever meet her, you can send her my way."Steve swallowed. "Okay." He covered his hand over his own forearm. He didn't share Anthony's name, and Bucky didn't ask again. **** It wasn't the first time Steve laid eyes on Howard Stark. Before, at the World's fair, it had been with a sense of shame. If Howard was a brother or a cousin, would he be willing to introduce him to Anthony? Scrawny, broke Steve who was too sickly to fight in the war. What would Anthony say? What would he think?Because Steve was certain as the sun rose that his Anthony was part of the war effort. He'd have to be. All men even half-able were going overseas -- well. All men but him.Now, Steve had a chance to help his country. Erskine's procedure was tomorrow, and Howard Stark had bustled into medical to take final measurements. The machine he was working on had to be precise.Nearly vibrating tension, Steve waited until Erskine and the MPs had stepped out of view. Then he asked, casual as he could, "Do you know an Anthony?""Hm?" Howard looked at him, distracted, then turned to jot a notation down on his clipboard.Steve swallowed and tried a different track. "You look like someone I knew in Brooklyn. Do you have a cousin named Anthony--?"This time Howard turned his attention toward him, and flashed a smile. "Sorry, kid. I'm the one and only. Now, extend your left arm so I can take the proper length. Yes, there we go."Shoving down disappointment, Steve complied. To push the issue would raise questions, and if anyone knew he had a man's name on his arm, they'd choose Hodge for the procedure. Not him.It's fine, he told himself. I'll meet Anthony when I'm able to serve. I just know it. **** Steve placed his compass and Peggy's picture on the dash in front of him. The windshield view was filled by white ice, with jagged streaks of dark blue ocean water breaking it up.He wondered if dying was going to hurt, or if it was like falling asleep.The ice was growing closer, and the radio had cut to static. His gaze flicked from the window, back to the compass, then to the underside of his arm. Anthony's name.I'm sorry, he thought. For leaving you before we met. For everything.The plane hit. ****  Tony Stark had just turned two years, four months and fifteen days old by his own count. He knew how to read a lot of words -- most of the important ones, in his opinion, but it was a surprise and a delight to discover new, very special words."I know these!" he crowed triumphantly, pointing to a yellowed newspaper clipping on the table.His father started in surprise in his chair, nearly tipping his drink. He hadn't known Tony was in the library with him because Tony had been extra, extra quiet. Sometimes his father yelled when he didn't want to be disturbed.His father was gathering himself up for it now, probably to call Jarvis. To forestall him, Tony pointed again at the newspaper, then at his own forearm where the letters he saw were reflected exactly, only in neat silver cursive. "These are my names," he proclaimed.Jarvis had told him all about the soulmark names, had even showed Tony his own -- which were visible in inky black writing because he had met Anna, his wife.The cigar in his father's mouth drooped, and for a second Tony thought his daddy was proud of him because he wasn't speaking. He just stared.Then, "MARIA! Get in here!"What followed was a lot of yelling, his Momma asking to write down the letters only Tony could see on his forearm, and words from his father that Tony knew he should never repeat.Finally, Howard said
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soul Bond

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

