Chapter 1





Chapter Text




“Fluids are composed of molecules that collide with one another and solid objects. The continuum assumption, however, considers fluids to be continuous, rather than discrete. Consequently, properties such as density, pressure, temperature, and velocity are taken to be well-defined at infinitesimally small points, and are assumed to vary continuously from one point to another.”


Once upon a time there were a bunch of strangers with some freaky superpowers who came together to save the world from an alien invasion. After they were finished saving the world they all went out for shawarma together. And then they went their separate ways.The end.



Or not.



There’s no such thing as the Avengers. Not according to SHIELD, anyway.It doesn’t matter that the news won’t fucking shut up about them. Doesn’t matter that the whole goddamn country is obsessed with them. Doesn’t matter that there are two competing movie projects in development, a toy line that Wal-Mart can’t keep on the shelves, and a Facebook fan page with 12 million “Likes.”SHIELD’s official position is that the Avengers never existed in the first place and they sure as hell don’t exist now. If you can work up the nerve to ask Nick Fury about it he’ll tell you the same thing he told the president: Thor’s back in Asgard for good, Tony Stark’s busy rebuilding that phallic fucking tower of his, Steve Rogers is hiding in a studio apartment in Brooklyn, and Bruce Banner just plain disappeared. They’re not a superhero team, they’re not part of the agency anymore, and they’re definitely not sitting around waiting to save the world again, so don’t go getting any ideas about that.



“You’re both fired,” Fury said.Clint stared at him. “The fuck?” Natasha pressed her lips together and didn’t say anything.“Your termination is effective immediately. In the interest of concluding your relationship with SHIELD on an amicable basis the agency is providing each of you with a generous separation package.” “Are you fucking kidding me?” Clint said.“Your severance is conditional upon you signing a release of claims maintaining confidentiality and a smooth, professional transition.”“What the actual fuck?” Fury glared at Clint with a single, steely eye. “Son, are you gonna shut the fuck up and listen to my termination speech or are you gonna get my boot up your ass?”Clint snapped his mouth shut and crossed his arms stubbornly across his chest.Fury sighed and leaned back in his chair. “Can either of you tell me what your primary occupational specialty is?”“Clandestine human intelligence gathering and counterintelligence operations,” Natasha supplied stoically.“Clandestine operations,” Fury repeated. “You turn on a TV lately, Barton? Your faces are on every channel, including the motherfucking Cartoon Network. My nephew keeps pestering me to get your goddamn autograph. I’m afraid SHIELD just doesn’t have a use for you anymore.”“But we helped save the world!” Clint protested feebly.“And we thank you for your service,” Fury told them, sliding a pair of thick packets across the desk. “Enjoy civilian life.”



“You can’t honestly tell me you’re surprised,” Natasha said, half a bottle of tequila later.After they’d completed all their SHIELD exit interviews and cleaned out their desks and lockers, they’d ended up at a divey Mexican restaurant with greasy enchiladas and a surprisingly excellent selection of tequilas.“Not really,” Clint admitted grudgingly. “Guess I don’t blame ’em for not trusting me.”Natasha frowned. “It’s not about that.”“Bullshit.” Clint downed another shot and set his glass upside down on the bar beside the others, all lined up in a neat little row like toy soldiers. “Coulson—”“Don’t,” Natasha said sharply.“—Dally, Delerue, Fuller, Hobbes, Markovich, McManus, Pang, Ritchie, Turner, and Velazco.”“Stop it.”“Eleven SHIELD agents died in the attack I led on the helicarrier. Eleven. And let’s not even get started on the civilian casualties. Is it any wonder they don’t want me? Fuck, I wouldn’t even want me.”“That was Loki’s doing, not yours.”He shook his head. “Doesn’t matter. I’ll never be clean of it.”Natasha gave him a look that meant she thought he was being a dumbfuck. “Did you actually think you were clean before?”  Instead of answering, Clint signaled the bartender for another shot of tequila.“Anyway,” she continued, “if that’s why they fired you, why the hell did they fire me?”“Collateral damage?” he suggested.Natasha reached for a tortilla chip and thumbed through the packet of papers she’d been given by SHIELD Human Resources. “Managing the Stress of a Job Loss,” she read aloud. “Is this supposed to be some kind of joke?”Clint shook his head. “Fuck this shit. I’m going to Disneyland.”



As it happened, Disneyland was Clint’s codeword for the safe house he kept in Oregon. Natasha had never been there, but she knew it was a cabin somewhere in the woods, someplace very isolated. He only went there when he wanted to be completel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting the Band Back Together
Post-Movie
Team Dynamics
Banter
Domestic Avengers
Science Bros
Team Bonding
Friendship
Constructed Family
Snark
Bickering

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

