Work Text:
He wakes up and everything hurts.It probably says a lot about Tony’s life that this observation is followed by a mental tirade about villains and Mondays and combinations thereof, rather than real panic. Maybe that’s just because he might be concussed, though.“Ah,” someone purrs, fairly nearby but not in an I-am-literally-right-in-front-of-you-and-prepared-to-stab-you sort of way. A couple meters away, maybe. Tony tries to open his eyes, but it’s bright and it hurts and he thinks possibly he’s been blindfolded anyway. “Sleeping Beauty awakens at long last.”“Ow,” Tony manages.“I do apologize for the... blunt force,” his kidnapper says, sounding faintly amused. “It was necessary, I’m afraid.”“Jackass,” Tony slurs, wincing at the throbbing pain in his skull. “There is no goddamn part of this that is necessary.”He shifts and handcuffs dig into his wrists; he starts going through a mental checklist. Aside from his poor, poor skull, his shoulders ache from being pulled back, and he thinks the unpleasant burn and stretch in his ankles is probably because they’re bound together with rope. The rest of his body feels a little bruised and battered, but it’s not terrible. More sore than anything.“Ah, and there you are mistaken.”Tony lets his head loll onto the back rest of the chair he’s chained to. He doesn’t feel like arguing with villains today. He had plans. He was going to actually go to meetings and do paperwork to make Pepper happy, fuss around with upgrades for the suit, hang out in the lab with Bruce. He was going to have a good Monday, for crying out loud, but nooooo. He just has to be kidnapped.“You do realize,” he says, tiredly, when he feels like he can talk without his tongue tying itself in knots. “That Stark Industries has a strict policy against paying my ransoms.”“Oh, certainly,” the man laughs. “No, that will not be a concern at all. You see, we don’t need you for Stark Industries. We don’t need you for money at all. No, you’re... bait.”“For...?”“Why, for the Avengers, of course.”Tony waits for the punchline.“Oh, Jesus,” he laughs, full of dry humor, when nothing comes. “You’re serious. God. Trust me, you’d have more luck with the ransom.”“Would we really,” his kidnapper murmurs.“Yeah, I can pretty much guarantee that,” Tony assures him. “The team? Please. I’m an obnoxious asshole who doesn’t do what he’s told. No, they’ll probably be glad to be rid of me.”“Along with their funding?”“Not dependent on my being alive and present, also, lots of other sponsors, not just me.”“I would imagine other sponsors with your knack for tech might, however, be lacking.”“SHIELD has a list of scientists and engineers who could take over their weapons and tech development in my absence. I mean literally, there is a list. Twenty-five names. I compiled it myself.”“And Iron Man?”“They’ll like War Machine. He actually follows orders and shit, he’s boring like that.”It’s quiet for a moment. Tony’s head hasn’t stopped throbbing, but it hurts more now, and he’s starting to feel dizzy. His vision-- even if it’s mostly just the light filtering through the blindfold-- is starting to blur and fade at the edges. Must have taken a pretty hard hit when they put him out the first time, he thinks absently.“Did you honestly expect this to work? I’m Tony Stark,” Tony laughs again, but there’s no heart in it. It comes out breathy and hurt, which is absolutely not because he hates the truth-- because that’s what this is, it’s the truth-- but because seriously, when he said everything hurt? That hasn’t stopped being a thing. “Nobody’s going to come running to save me. I’m not their special snowflake.”The pain wraps around his skull and squeezes, and he blacks out again before a response comes. He wakes up to the smell of disinfectant and a ceiling so perfectly snow-white it could not possibly belong anywhere but a hospital room.“You complete ass,” Pepper says.“Oh, hey,” Tony mumbles, mouth dry and tongue clumsy. His head lolls just far enough to the side that he can blink woozily up at his perfect, sexy, wonderful CEO. “Sorry? I swear I do not get myself into these things so I don’t have to work, I was actually going to go to those meetings this morning like you asked, I promise--”“Tony, shut your goddamn mouth,” Pepper growls, and he whines when she hauls him upright by his collar, at least until he realizes it’s so that he can drink the cup of water she shoves into his hands. He slurps at the straw eagerly. “I want you to acknowledge right now how lucky you are that I managed to convince your teammates that I should be here when you woke up, and anything else might overwhelm you.”“Very lucky?” Tony guesses, dutifully.“So lucky,” Pepper confirms. She’s glaring at him, but it doesn’t match up with the way her lower lip is trembling. “I do not envy you when you’re cleared to return to the tower. There is a lot of shouting in your very near future.”“Pep-- Pepper, don’t make that face, oh my God are you going to cry, don’t cry, Pepp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Fluff
and sort-of angst?
I have no idea I suck at writing angst
Tony Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

