Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

December 12th, 2015
The apartment lay mostly still, with the strains of a stilted ‘Silent Night’ drifting through the wall between Darcy’s place and the piano teacher Mr. Dobbins’ next door. His student was probably still a week or so away from their Christmas recital, and from what Darcy could hear, he or she would need a little more practice before then.  In contrast, Darcy herself was a flurry of motion as she moved from room to room, flipping pillows, opening drawers, and flopping down on the floor to eye under all the furniture, as she continued her desperate search. “Keys, keys, keys,” she muttered under her breath as she looked under the couch cushions for what had to be the third time. “What did I do with them?” she hissed to herself as she pulled open all the kitchen cupboards and left them open, her eyes flying over them as she scowled with frustration. Logically, she knew her keys wouldn’t be in her cupboards. Jane hadn’t been over since the last time she’d come home with them, and Darcy had never picked up that particular habit from her Astrophysicist boss/friend, but she was running out of logical places to look, and was determined to leave no rock unturned, so to speak. Her phone buzzed in her pocket and the Dandy Warhols began singing, “I am a Scientist.” “Think of the devil,” Darcy sighed and pulled her phone out of her purse to answer the call. “Jane, I’m trying to leave, I promise, but I can’t find my fucking keys.” There was a pause and then, “They aren’t in your purse?” came from the speaker in Jane’s clear, smoky voice. “Nope, that was the first place I looked.” “Well, when did you last have them? Did you retrace your steps?” Jane prodded, her impatience peeking through, though Darcy still appreciated her attempt to hide it. Darcy was supposed to meet Jane in front of the Avengers tower five minutes ago, and she still had at least a half hour long cab ride from Forest Hills, and that’s if there wasn’t any traffic, which, yeah right. Darcy rolled her eyes, momentarily despairing that Jane couldn’t see it, though she probably knew she was doing it anyway. “Of course, I did.” She sighed deeply and pinched the bridge of her nose as she walked over the front door. “I came hope after work, unlocked my door with them, then entered…” she pantomimed the motions, holding keys, unlocking door, turning knob, and then stepped into the small living space that held her couch and television. “I took off my coat and laid it over the back of the couch, dropped my purse on the side table, like I always do, and then kicked off my shoes and chucked them down the hall at the bedroom door. They aren’t in my purse; they aren’t on the couch, under the couch, or under the side table. I even checked inside my shoes, but, no dice.” “What about your coat pocket?” Jane asked, braced for another sarcastic retort. When she received none, she ventured a, “Darcy? You still there?” Darcy picked her coat up off the back of the couch and reached into the first pocket. It was empty. She tried the second, but the extra weight on that side already hinted at what she’d find. “Got them,” she said, trying to push through sheepish and go straight to triumphant. She failed. “Jesus, Darcy, really?” “Yeah, thanks Jane. I’m pretty sure I lifted my coat and looked under it at least a dozen times, but I didn’t think…” she let her words drop off as she swung the coat on and buttoned it up before sliding her purse on her left shoulder. “You’re a life saver, Jane. I’ll be there in… 50ish minutes?” “Tell your cab driver there’s an extra fifty in it for him if he can get that down to 40,” Jane muttered. “I’ll tell Happy to have the doorman time him. I don’t think I can survive any longer than that without you, Darce.” Darcy closed her door behind herself and turned to lock it with her newly found key ring, complete with Mjolnir key-chain. “Geez, Jane, you make it sound like you’re walking the plank, not attending a world famous Tony Stark Holiday Bash©. Just take it easy on the nog, try to avoid that douche bags Richards, or getting into any Science! debates with Stark or Selvig, and I’ll be there ASAP.” “You better, Darce. See you soon?” “Yep, later, bater,” Darcy chuckled and hung up as she made her way to the elevator. When she rounded the corner, she spotted two guys she didn’t recognize leaning against the wall outside 701. It wasn’t too far outside the stretch of possibility to think they were out of town relatives visiting for the holidays, but something about them sent the hind part of her lizard brain scrambling for shelter. She straightened her back and walked a little taller, clutching her keys tightly in her fist and making sure to stick close to the far wall as she forced herself forward. ‘Don’t freak out, it’s probably nothing, don’t overreact,’ she chanted internally as she tried to find a compromise between avoiding all eye contact, and keeping alert and aware of the two strangers. S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
CA:WS Compliant
Avengers: Age of Ultron Compliant
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post Captain America: Civil War
Darcy has a potty mouth
Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron Prelude – This Scepter'd Isle (comic) - Freeform
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers
Slow Burn
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

