Work Text:

In defense of our persons and properties under actual violation, we took up arms. When that violence shall be removed, when hostilities shall cease on the part of the aggressors, hostilities shall cease on our part also. 



Thomas Jefferson.

 
 
He drifts, vague, caught weightless in the undertow of a great ocean. There’s a taste in his mouth not unlike apples.
Awareness comes slowly, reluctantly. Soft cotton sheets beneath his chest and cheek, where he lays on his stomach on a large bed, limbs spread and loose. It feels alien and odd, to be this open, his back to the room, spine exposed. A tingle of unease wants to worm it way cold down his spine, but a swell of calm drowns it.
Apples on his tongue and ink on his nose. And the sheets.
Ah.
“I thought I was going to die,” he says, voice rough like gravel. His throat is as raw as though it’s been rubbed with sandpaper. It aches. Speaking hurts. So does, on second though, breathing. Existing. But then, existing has always hurt for Erik. This isn’t news.
The bed shifts under Erik, weight settling at his side, by his ribs.
“You did, there, for a moment.” Charles’ voice is calm. The hand that alights, feather-soft, on his arm, is steady and warm. The fingers flex, and Erik obeys before his mind can catch up; struggles up onto an elbow, groggily drags his heavy head up and glances at the glass of water Charles is offering.
“I’m not alright,” Erik’s mouth says, and Erik jerks away, shocked at himself.
“I know, darling,” Charles murmurs, and makes no further attempt to touch him. “Please drink some water. It’ll feel good.”
Erik takes a long, painful moment to fumble weakly on the bed until he can sit, and admitting a measure of defeat leans back against the headboard. Moving around this much has him panting and shaking. He is most definitely not alright. He tries to take the glass and hates the way his fingers fail to support its weight. Wordless, Charles helps him drink.
“What happened?”
“You were hit by lightning,” Charles sighs, settling the half-empty glass on the nearby bedside table. Erik looks around. This is obviously Charles’ school, and it’s also obviously not his bedroom. There’s a knife-edge thin sliver of rage at that—if he is to be here, it should be on Charles’ bed.
Erik frowns. “Thor?”
“You had it coming, in his defense.”
“I had it coming?” Erik sneers.
“You called him brainless muscle slab,” Charles says mildly.
“That’s what he is.”
“A brainless muscle slab of a god of thunder, dear.”
Erik wants to tell him don’t call me that and wants to say I want to leave, and he does want to leave, mostly. He also desperately wants to stay. Torn apart as always, then. Some things will never change.
“What happened to the others?”
“Your Brotherhood is here with you, convinced that if I were to be left to my own devices, I would in no time have you either bent over a desk or preaching world peace.” He pauses. “I don’t know if I should be flattered or insulted.”
“I’m guessing those weren’t the exact words,” Erik says, and finds himself too tired to fight off the involuntarily curling of his lips.
“You would guess wrong,” Charles grins, impish and light.
Erik is smiling, and oh. That hasn’t happened in a while, has it. “Raven?”
Charles’ face closes down like a lock on a vault.
“Azazel,” he correct, and his voice is just as calm, just as light, but his eyes have gone from clear-sky blue to ice-slab blue. Damn it.
“So I died,” Erik tries for conversation, and on second thought, huh. That might not be the best conversational starter. Charles grimaces.
“Only for about three seconds. Logan revived you.”
“He what?”
“He claims it was a momentary lapse in judgment.”
Erik eyes him, unconvinced. Charles exhales a long, exasperated sigh.
“No, I did not remotely possess Logan’s body and used it to give you mouth-to-mouth respiration. Hilariously powerful as you believe me to be, my gift does indeed have limits, and several hundred miles of distance go under that list.”
“What about Cerebro?” Erik demands.
“What about Cerebro?” Charles parrots, lips pursed.
“You’re insufferable.”
“And you, my friend, stink,” Charles retorts, eyes sharp with dry amusement. “Up, up. You need a shower and I have to spot you.”
“I’m a sick man. You shouldn’t be trying to get an eyeful,” Erik grumbles, and weakly struggles to get the covers off his legs to stand, wobbly, by the bed.
“I’m certain your flaccid cock is a thing of beauty, don’t get me wrong. But I really am invested in you not splitting your skull open in my guest bathroom. Although on further thought, wouldn’t that be a clean resolution to all of our problems.”
“That would be a really ignominious death.”
“Fancy words, darling, I’m so proud.”
“And I doubt I’m ‘all of your problems,’” Erik adds, giving Charles a dirty look but not shrugging away from the way the man grabs his elbow to help steady him. Erik feels as weak and ungainly as a newborn foal. Too many knees and elbows, too little balance. He looks down at himself as see
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
birthday!fic
Fix-It
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

