Chapter 1: Contents
    




Chapter Text
2. Xavierine - Logan and Charles celebrate New Years in Logan's cabin in the woods.3. Cherik, Xavierine - Mob AU, CIA!Charles goes to his ex lover mob boss!Erik for news of his presumed dead lover.4. Xavierine - Cop AU! Logan and Charles play good cop/bad cop. Guess which is which?5. Xavierine - Animal Lust - PWP inspired by Dwaroxxx's art.6. Xavierine - Relax - PWP inspired by Dwaroxxx's art.7. Xavierine - Merman!Charles, inspired by Dwaroxxx's art.8. Xavierine - Logan risks his life to save Charles, inspired by Dwaroxxx's art.9. Xavierine - More Merman!Charles with Sailor!Logan, inspired by Dwaroxxx's art.10. Cherik, Xavierine - Charles is caught in the middle of an argument between his room mates Erik and Logan. University AU.11. Xavierine - A mysterious woodcutter rescues Charles from a wolf attack. Red Riding Hood AU.12. Cherik - Erik was always watching Charles.13. Cherik - The Xavier-Lehnsherrs pick a theme for their Hallowe'en costumes.14. Xavierine, Cherik - Logan finds a very drunk Charles in the arms of a handsome stranger.15. Xavierine - Post XMA/Logan AU, where Logan becomes an unexpected parent to baby Laura.16. Cherik - There's an unwelcome visitor in Erik's kitchen. Charles has to help remove it.17. Xavierine - Charles tries to prove to Logan that he's old enough for anything.18. Charles/Apocalypse - The Vampire Chronicles AU, with Charles as Lestat and En Sabah Nur as Akasha.19. Charles/Steve - Beowulf au, with Steve as the hero and Charles as the monster.20. Cherik - Arranged marriage au, where Erik develops rather inconvenient feelings for his Consort.21. Cherik - There's a case of mistaken identity at the Xavier's annual Hallowe'en Bash. Erik is not a happy bunny (until he is)!22. Cherik - Space AU, where Charles attempts to shake their enemies by flying into an asteroid field.23. Charles/Steve - Avengers AU, where Steve is injured in a fight and Charles is unamused.24. Xavierine - DOFP AU, where Logan worries that Charles might regret their time together.25. Cherik - Erik travels across multiple universes to find Charles.26. Cherik - Erik is bad at flirting.27. Cherik - Charles and Erik are having an affair.28. Xavierine - Logan has a hard time coping with the android that wears Charles Xavier's face.29. Cherik - DOFP AU, Erik is the one that travels back to 1973.30. Charles/Erik/Tony - Modern AU, Erik has a crush on his boss's bff with benefits.31. Cherik - Post XMA AU - Charles is trapped inside Cerebro. Erik is the one to go in and get him.32. Cherik - Dadneto - Erik argues with Charles about Lorna's first date.33. Cherik - University AU - Erik is jealous of Charles' friendship with Steve.34. Xavierine - 30s AU- Charles seduces the gardener.35. Charles/En Sabah Nur - Royalty AU - En Sabah Nur's Consort is returned to him after a botched escape attempt.36. Erik/Shaw - Modern AU - Shaw is Erik's Counselor at the Mutant Community Center. Age difference.37. Cherik - Modern AU - Erik and Charles meet at a Mutant Rights march.38. Erik&Logan - Canon AU, takes place pre-Dark Phoenix. Erik & Logan as grumpy not-quite friends in Genosha.39. Xavierine - Non powered regency au, inspired by Sense & Sensibility.40. Pre-Cherik - BB!Charles and BB!Erik rescue themselves and Logan from Stryker’s facility.41. Cherik - Omega!Erik agrees to carry a child for alpha!Charles.42. Charles/Raven, Cherik - Vampire AU - Raven brings Charles a Valentine's gift.43. Erik/Logan, Cherik - Vampire!Charles catches up to his prey.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
En Sabah Nur/Charles Xavier
Steve Rogers/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Sebastian Shaw
Erik Lehnsherr/Logan

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Post-DOFP
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Mob
Dubious Consent
Mob!Erik
CIA!Charles
Cop AU
Good Cop Bad Cop
PWP
Anal Sex
Rimming
Bondage
merman!charles
Blood and Injury
University AU
Red Riding Hood Elements
XMA/Logan AU
Age Difference
Vampires
The Vampire Chronicles AU
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Beowulf AU
Arranged Marriage
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Mistaken Identity
Halloween
Modern AU
Powered AU
Space AU
Avengers AU
DOFP AU
Parallel Universes
Bad Flirting
Infidelity
Androids
Friends With Benefits
Cerebro
post-XMA
dadneto
Misunderstandings
1930s
Seduction
Royalty
dubcon
Underage - Freeform
Mutant Rights
Regency
Mind Manipulation
Blood Drinking

fandom: 
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
En Sabah Nur/Charles Xavier
Steve Rogers/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Sebastian Shaw
Erik Lehnsherr/Logan

