Chapter 1: Oh shit
    




Chapter Text
“Would you get the fuck over here?”“Shit, Stevie, hold on. Christ, if I’da known the mouth you had on you when I picked you up -”“Fuck off, I picked you up.”Bucky rolls his eyes. The truth is probably somewhere in the middle but the undisputed facts are that when they met at that party the chemistry had been immediate. Bucky assumes. He’d felt like Steve had been mentally undressing him, but that could’ve been wishful thinking on his part. Steve had looked fucking edible in a rust colored sweater, v-neck exposing sharp collarbones, and his skin-tight jeans left no question as to the perfect ass on the kid. The worst, though (and by worst of course he means best) are the blue eyes that fill with sweet earnestness just as easily as flash with anger...Bucky was a goner from the moment he laid eyes on him.So it’s no wonder he needs a minute, here in Steve’s room, because he’s a heartbeat away from coming just looking at the slender man laid out on the navy bedspread, arching his back up off the mattress and running his hands down his chest to his hips. His hair is already beautifully mussed in a way that Bucky could never pull off, and the desire to get his fingers in it overpowers his need for control, so he stalks over to the bed.“So pretty when you show off like that, Stevie,” he murmurs, and sinks his fingers into the soft locks and pulls, exposing the pale column of his neck. “So fuckin’ pretty.” He bends over and latches on just below Steve’s ear, sucking a mark into the creamy skin. Claiming.Steve moans in that surprisingly deep voice of his and it goes straight to Bucky’s dick. Jerking forward, he squeezes at the base to stave off the orgasm that’s hovering in his spine, tries to calm himself down. Blinking up at him slow and heavy, Steve says, “C’mere,” and tugs him down and over. He’s all velvet skin over sinew-draped skeleton and Bucky’s torn between wanting to bite and lick at every delicate span of skin and folding him in half and fucking him ‘til he screams.He wriggles down a little to prop himself up on his elbows but Steve catches him under the chin and pulls him in for a kiss, sweet and slow. Of course Bucky obeys. He licks into Steve’s mouth then pulls back to slide his own spit-slick lips over Steve’s, who whimpers.“I got you, doll. I’ll take care of you.”Steve watches with hooded eyes as Bucky runs his tongue over Steve’s nipples, clavicle, ribs… He loves that look, loves knowing that he makes Steve feel good. It’s more than Bucky deserves.When Steve is good and wound up, Bucky sits up to roll that slender body onto his stomach then tugs at Steve’s hips, pulling him up to hands and knees. He knows Steve’s impatient, can feel him trembling, but it's been a week since he’s seen the kid and he‘s going to take his time. He brushes flat palms up Steve’s back, hoping the movement covers the way his own hands are shaking, then back down to his ass. “Come on, Buck,” Steve pants and Bucky grins before obeying (always obeying, he'd never say no to this beautiful man), leaning down, pulling the two handfuls of flesh apart and swiping his tongue over the exposed, fluttering hole.Steve makes a fucking unholy sound in the back of his throat and pushes back. He's silk, he's cream, he's too goddamn perfect, and Buck loosens him up, slow and gentle until Steve is just whimpering repeatedly, pleading, and only then does Buck slip a slicked up finger inside him. “Fuck,” Steve gasps. “Yeah. More, please Buck, please.”
“So polite when I’m fucking you,” Bucky teases and Steve glares at him over one delicately-boned shoulder.
“Ain’t fuckin’ me yet,” he gripes. It makes Bucky laugh, head thrown back and shoulders heaving and he doesn’t see the way Steve’s eyes and the corners of his mouth soften at the sight.
“Alright, alright,” Bucky says as he calms down, and eases another finger in. 
“Jeez, don’t make it sound like such a hardship.
They may be fuckbuddies and not boyfriends but Bucky’s pretty fluent in Steve, Steve who puts up a fantastic front of “I don’t give a fuck”, but in reality, cares too much about everyone and everything.
Bucky curls over Steve’s back and whispers, “Not a hardship,” into the skin at the back of his neck.“Then what?” Steve grumps into the pillow.
Bucky’s not much for emotional displays. He’s pretty casual in his day-to-day, jokes around a lot, but something about Steve makes him tender and sweet and he can’t help himself as he says, “Incredible. Overwhelming. So fuckin’ sexy.”
Steve snorts into the fabric, and Bucky noses behind his ear. “‘M serious, Stevie. Ain’t never seen anybody as beautiful as you.”
“Jesus,” Steve mutters, embarrassed, but Bucky can see the flush on the back of his neck, and eases another finger in. Steve arches up off the bed and Bucky catches him, a hand at his sternum, pulling up to kiss him deeply over his shoulder. He can’t help the fervor. Steve’s so fuckin’ gorgeous.
Bucky lets him go only to fuck him open with his fing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Fuckbuddies
Friendship
Love
Fluff
Pining
Mutual Pining
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Switching
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Smut
Domestic
Friends With Benefits
Family
Skinny Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny Steve Rogers
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts
Fluff and Light Angst
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

