Work Text:
He's on the helicarrier when it happens and he goes pale the second he realizes precisely why Phil's been scenting the air for the last half an hour, looking for all the world like he's just been handed a puzzle he thought he'd already solved.
Shit.
"Barton.  Is there something you want to tell me?"
Clint shakes his head dumbly, patting his pockets with both hands; he comes up with nothing in either and he wonders how on fucking earth he forgot his damn pills, but then there was the mission and the fuck-up and then the debrief and another debrief.  In other words: he hasn't been able to get to his dealer in forever and it was only a matter of time before he ran out.
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah, boss.  I'm sure."
Phil gives him a half-wounded look and then pushes, "When was the last time you had a heat?"
He doesn't blush.  He doesn't.  And he certain doesn't mumble the answer.
"That's two decades ago," Phil comments, and tries not to analyze this more than he needs to. "You and I are going to have a chat in the near future.  However, that will have to be after I get you off the carrier."
"Boss?" Clint shifts in his seat.
"There are nearly a thousand agents on-board, most of which are Alphas.  You haven't had a heat in twenty years, Clint—you aren't even in the worst of it yet and I can smell you.  We need to get you out of here before someone does something that will cause the use of a taser."
Clint dazes for a second, a voice in his head whispering things that he hasn't thought about in so long and has to physically shake his head to get it to stop.  "So what do I do?"
"I want you in the ducts.  Do not go into the corridors and stay away from the mess," Phil orders, hoping that the all-business front would hold up long enough to get Clint to a safe place—there's been a low-grade attraction between himself and Barton for years, but Alphas don't tend to last in relationships without a third and Phil's not the sharing type; now that Clint's giving off the pheromones of an omega the attraction is ratcheting higher—to either ride out the heat or get the chance to willingly pick a partner.  "Meet me in the aft hangar."
"Yes, sir," Clint replies, feeling safe with his handler in that moment.
Then Phil speaks again, just as Clint's getting to his feet, and he has to swallow to keep from balking.
"I have to tell Fury.  And Rogers."
He understands why, though he doesn't have to like it and Clint looks down at his boots for a second: there goes his field clearance.  Still, he nods instead of saying anything, because he just doesn't trust himself to not backtalk and Phil's trying to save his ass, literally, so it's better to just do as the man is telling him.
Once he's in the ceiling, crawling through duct after duct and trying like hell to stay away from the science labs lest The Other Guy catch the scent, the quiet and the coolness of the air settle over him and Clint can feel the effects more than he had in Phil's office: his thighs are damp and his skin itches.  There's a buzz in his ears, under the haze of wantneedcrave and terrorcan'twon't and philphilphil.
God.  This is so fucked up.
All he had to do was take his pills.  A simple task and he screwed it up—how hard is it to check supplies and account for all the possibilities?—and goddamnit, this... is why you'll always be nothing more than some Alpha's bitch.
He banishes the voice from his mind, violently shoving it out, then pushes forward, the sweat on his hands making the trek difficult; his earwig crackles to life as he pushes himself into a juncture and takes hold, waiting, listening.
There are three voices that come through—Steve's, Fury's, and Phil's—and no one sounds particularly pleased as Phil tells them what little he knows; Steve makes noises that mean Clint is so in for it later and he really could do without Captain America's motherhenning. (Because if there's one thing Steve holds to it's that Alphas have a moral obligation and a legal duty and blah-blah-blah.  It all comes down to Steve being protective of omegas in ways Clint will never be comfortable with.)  Fury mutters to himself, then tells Phil he needs to get Clint off the boat which, "Already in the process of doing so, sir", and "I need clearance to take one of the jets, sir."
"This isn't the dark ages, Coulson," Fury says after another moment of conversing, and there's something underneath that statement that makes Clint wonder, but he has barely a second to contemplate when he hears someone poking around at the access point.
"Coulson..." he murmurs and takes off.
"Barton?  Status?"
"I've got someone's attention."
"Damnit." A pause. "Can you get away?"
"Yeah.  Yeah, I think I can."
"Go directly to the hangar, understood?  Fury's ordered Bay C emptied.  The only people that will be there are Darcy and Natasha—you get on that jet even if I'm not there yet." Phil's words are heavy, spoken too-quickly and Clint can hear the way his shoes are hitting the deck.  His handler is running to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Background Natasha Romanov/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
First Time
Bonding
possible pregnancy

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Background Natasha Romanov/Darcy Lewis

