Chapter 1





Chapter Text
At first, Tony didn't really understand the full implications of what his words meant. He'd been five years old and so excited to have gotten his words that he ran straight to Jarvis, asking the butler to read them for him. They were scrawled across his lower back and while Tony had learned to read over a year ago, he still struggled with reading anything backwards by the reflection of a mirror. Jarvis had paled upon reading the words on Tony's back but maintained his professional stoicism as he took Tony to Howard's office. That was when, before he even knew what the words on his back said, Tony realized that they couldn't mean anything good. Four little words. It was hard to believe they could mean so much."I killed your parents."Howard had been furious, Maria devastated. Both of them had withdrawn from him after that. It'd left Tony confused, but he figured out their reasoning soon enough. Who would want to be close to a kid whose soulmate was going to kill you? Of course they didn't want anything to do with him. Maria threw herself into her fundraisers and charity events while Howard just grew darker and angrier with Tony's very presence. He told his son that no one could know about the words on his back and the boy swore himself to secrecy. Tony tried to be good, to prove that he could be the son they wanted, but nothing seemed to work.When he was eight, Tony snuck a knife out of the kitchen and attempted to remove the words from his back. Jarvis had stormed into the bathroom before he could get very far and taken the knife from Tony. He'd dropped down on one knee and pulled Tony into his chest, tucking the boy's head under his chin and begging Tony never to try something like that again. It wouldn't have worked anyway. The words came back over the scars. Tony wasn't sure if Jarvis ever told his parents. Neither of them said anything about it.Howard shipped Tony off to boarding school shortly thereafter. An "accelerated program" was what they advertised. Tony was pretty sure it was just an excuse to get him out of the house. He was home maybe six weeks out of the year after that. He had a whole month back at the mansion before he went off to MIT at fourteen. Howard had gotten him into the summer semester so he could start early. Jarvis had given him a tight hug before he left.MIT came with Rhodey, the first friend Tony'd had in years. Tony had attached himself to the older student's side like a leech and was soon being invited back to spend the holidays with Rhodey's own family. Mrs. Rhodes doted on Tony like he was the grandson she'd always wanted, fussing over him more than she fussed over Rhodey's girlfriend the one time he brought her home, too. It was like actually having a family again. Still, though, Tony told no one about the words across his back.When Tony was seventeen, there was a car accident. The police called his cell phone to tell him that Howard and Maria Stark had been driving home from a charity gala when Howard lost control of the car. It'd spun off the road and down a steep incline. They'd died on impact. Tony had hung up on the officer and jumped into his own car, driving four hours to New York and the Stark Offices there. Obie was with a secretary in his own office, but dismissed her at the sight of Tony in his doorway."What are you doing here, my boy?"Obie had always been kind to Tony. He brought him sweets and little gadgets to mess with. He'd even frowned at Howard's constant casual dismissals of the boy. He and Tony had never been exactly close, but he was Howard's business partner. He would have the controlling interest in the company until Tony turned twenty-one. Hell, he might even get custody of Tony himself for the last few months until Tony turned eighteen. He was a powerful man, more powerful than Jarvis was, and that's why Tony had come to him."The police called my phone."Obie's face turned pitying as he crossed the room to pull Tony into a hug."I am so sorry you had to hear that way. I asked them not to call you yet. I was going to drive out in the morning to tell you myself. You deserved to find out in person.""No, Obie. It wasn't an accident."The skin around the man's eyes twitched before smoothing over as he pulled away."What do you mean?"He sounded cautious."The car accident. It wasn't an accident. Someone killed my parents.""You're mistaken, Tony. The police ruled it an accident. Howard lost control of the car.""No!" Tony was suddenly desperate for Obie to believe him. "I can prove it! Look!"He turned around, pulling his shirt up at the same time to expose the words on his back. Silence filled the office for a long moment before Obie spoke again."Tony…Does anyone else know about this?"Tony lowered his shirt and turned around, biting his lip. He thought of Jarvis."Dad wanted me to keep it a secret."Obie nodded and reached for his coat and briefcase."Why don't you come stay with me tonight, Tony? And we'll talk about what to do with this 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Edwin Jarvis

freeform: 
Cruelty to a Minor
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Misunderstandings
Betrayal
Canonical Character Death
Emotional Hurt
Mind Control
Brainwashing
Self-Harm
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Kid Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Edwin Jarvis

