Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy loaded the beat up and well aged guitar case into the trunk of the cab. Everything else she was taking with her fit neatly into two medium sized suitcases and her olive green, canvas messenger bag. Darcy told the cab driver to take her to LAX, and settled into the back seat for the thirty minute drive.While she sat there she fiddled with her phone. She checked her Facebook, then opened her voicemail app, then quickly closed it. She checked her Instagram feed, then reopened her voicemail app, then quickly closed it again. She had a new Snapchat from Jane which she opened -- it was just a close-up of Thor's abs with a bunch of winky face emojis as the caption. Darcy rolled her eyes and closed Snapchat. Her finger hovered over the tape-loop image of the voicemail app, and after about a minute of hesitation she finally pressed it. She held the phone up to her ear as the first saved voicemail began playing."Hi honey, it's dad. I just wanted to see how you were doing, but I guess you're busy right now. Or maybe I've got the time zones messed up again. So maybe you're busy sleeping right now..." there was a light chuckle then, "But I just wanted to say that I miss you. Okay, give me a call when you can. Love you, princess. Bye."Darcy blinked back tears and pushed down the painful gripping sensation in her chest as the next saved voicemail began to play."Hey Darcy, Came Jane's harried voice, "So I got us hired. Well, I got me hired, but I can't go without you. So I'm gonna tell Tony that if he wants me he has to take you too. Oh wait, it's with Stark Industries -- did I say that part? So yeah, Tony as in Tony Stark. What the hell, right? The whole thing is totally nuts. He's kind of an asshole, but I explained my new set of theories from the data we collected from the Convergence to him and he didn't think I was completely crazy. And he said he wanted to invest in my research and give me my own private lab with equipment that actually works without duct tape and rubber bands. So we're moving to New York. Well I am. And I hope you are too, because I need you. That other intern -- Ewan? Ivan? Whatever his name is, he's nice and he's been helpful, but I'm already falling apart without you. And I'll talk to Tony about it." Jane paused, "I hope everything is going okay with getting your Dad's stuff together. Let me know if there's anything I can do." A deep voice said something quietly in the background then before Jane continued, "Thor says 'hi,' and to let him know if he can be of any assistance too. Okay...give me a call and let me know about New York. Talk to you later, Darcy."Darcy sniffled quietly in the backseat and closed the voicemail app. She had pulled herself together by the time the cab had reached the airport, and she paid him, leaving him a decent tip. She loaded her two suitcases onto a curbside trolley to wheel them in to the check-in desk, where she checked her bags and got her printed boarding pass. Then she made her way through the thankfully short security line.Darcy got a coffee which she sipped while she waited to board at the gate. She looked back at her boarding pass.First class.She didn't know quite how to feel about that. Apparently she had been given an upgrade courtesy of Pepper Potts herself. Darcy had never flown first class in her life. Flying first class was just one of those things that she thought she would never do.Every time when she had boarded a triple seven flight, she'd just glanced to the left at the luxurious pod seats with flight attendants bringing around trays of complementary champagne, before turning to the right to her tiny, cramped economy seat. Thinking, as she popped open the tab on her free can of coke and tearing open her package of pretzels, how nice it would be to have money.She had grown up, not poor exactly. But her family always had to stretch a bit to make ends meet. Her father worked hard at blue collar jobs all his life, while also trying to support them the best he could with his music. But after her mom died when she was twelve, her dad had to give up playing to take on another job so he could pay for the funeral and keep up with their mortgage payments.Darcy shook her head slightly. This all was almost too much. Especially in the face of everything that had happened in the last month.
"Jane, seriously. You have to eat something other than Poptarts today. Thor is gonna kill me if you pass out because you haven't had anything other than artificial flavored strawberry jam and glorified cookies for three days."

"No he's not."

"Okay, yeah maybe not. I'm his favorite...I mean, besides you." Darcy grabbed the back end of the soldering iron Jane was hunched over her desk and using, and pulled it out of her grasp. "But he's not gonna be happy, all the same."

"Hey! I was using that!"

"No, really." Darcy deadpanned.

"Darcy, I just have to put together this one last circuit board and then, I promise, I can --"

Jane's promises wer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Family Angst
Father-Daughter Relationship
TaserHawk - Freeform
Smut
Family
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Daddy Issues
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

