Work Text:



~*~
Bruce would've easily been bestfriends with Tony in another life, perhaps the one before the radiation, and definitely the one after.
Really, they weren't that different. Sure, Tony had made more money, he'd had a wealthy family, was definitely more technologically and mechanically inclined, and tended to be a complete smartass (which was something Bruce could do, but refused, because he wouldn't risk the entire proximity around him to get in the last word - it tended to cause a rise in blood pressure), but, in the end they weren't opposites.
No, they were way too close in personality, in drive; eerily so.
Bruce was as cocky and arrogant as the other man; until he flew too close to the sun, of course. He used to be just like Tony, painfully controlled and self aware, then he'd accidentally stripped himself of that, and had fallen into a persona - something safe enough.
That's why the team excluded Tony. He was edgy and dangerous and too smart for his own good. Steve felt threatened by the power that radiated off of him, and that was definitely an issue between the two. The others seemed to follow their brave captains lead, making a trend into hating Tony Stark just for the hell of it.
Bruce was in the clear, maybe because he acted safe enough, or maybe the team despised him to and were simply too terrified to utter a damn thing.
When you got down to the nitty-gritty, the things that made a man run? Well, Bruce and Tony could've been brothers. Both men were fueled by curiosity, by the need to be the smartest person in the room.
The one to press the buttons, the one to take the plunge, and most importantly, the one to stand out; sometimes, looking back, Bruce regretted the latter, because now, he had no choice but to stand out, especially when he turned green and angry and ended up standing dozens of feet above the rest of humanity.
Before he knew Tony - really knew him - he had thought that the other man would drown him out, would make him feel even more inferior than he already felt. Then again, his charisma was one of the best things about him.
That's what drew Bruce to the other man at first, his genius, his control, his fucking arrogance; it was attractive, and it reminded the doctor so much of his old self, it hurt.
Oh, and lets not forget the way he dared to call out Bruce and the Other Guy in a crowded Helicarrier, that was pretty damn new.

"Dr. Banner, your work is unparalleled. And I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster."

Bruce could've swore he'd felt the Other Guy laugh just as Tony offered his hand.
#
Weeks later found the two of them in one of Tony's labs, throwing around architectural ideas; you know, just incase another wormhole decided to dilate again, the entirety of Manhattan's structural surroundings - or wherever the hell chaos (Loki) decided to strike - wouldn't be demolished completely.
"Fortifying the largest cities on Earth is a huge project - a worthy one, no doubt - but I'm just not sure how we're going to get all of it done within a reasonable time span."
Tony grinned, shark-like with a dash of faux confidence, even if Bruce could see the hurt behind his eyes, as if he was tired of people not believing in him. Bruce reprimanded himself, promising that he would support his friend in all of his endeavors.
It seemed like the team were all very ignorant when it came to Tony's genius, as if his immaturity affected his IQ. Tony's false flashy grin receded slightly, and Bruce took off his glasses and wiped them off on his shirt, if only to avoid the shakiness of Tony's mask.
Bruce remembered when he had actually smiled like that; felt it coming back with every minute he was around Stark, his own confidence was building - the complete opposite of what he thought would happen around Stark.
"Don't say 'fortify'. Speak clearly Brucie, so even the most simple minded people will get it into their heads." Tony waved his hand through the air, a hologram following his palm and deft fingers. "Alien proofing." He proclaimed, an air of awe about him. Bruce's lip lifted, for such a smart man he was undeniably childlike. "That's what we need to sell. The world has seen the attack, it's been on repeat on every news station for the last month. People are scared, and that's good, it means their vulnerable; willing to change. This is the time to pitch ideas."
Bruce could only nod, agreeing wholeheartedly as Tony rummaged through holographic files.
"Since when have you been so good at reading people, Tony? I mean, you always seem to push the wrong buttons, like with Stev-"
"Captain Stick-Up-His-Ass is fun to mess with." Tony defended himself.
"Why didn't you try harder with me? I'm positive you'd have fun, fuck, I'd have fun messing with me if it wasn't for the Other-
Tony turned away from his files, looking Bruce in the eye, serious as ever.
"I like you Brucie, I really do, and I would never sabotage a friend like that. I know boundaries, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Insecure Bruce
inner musings
Feelings
Comforting Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Team bashing on Tony
Poor Tony Stark
5+1 Things
Science Bros
Tony Whump

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

