Work Text:
1. 
Clint's never been very good with patience, but he's great at waiting. Pretty much had to be since childhood: the road between towns, the hours between setting up the tent and starting the show, the police deciding he's had enough of a scare and is too young to be kept overnight (again). Waiting for SHIELD to decide what to do with him, waiting for the next mission, waiting to take the shot. These days, it seems that waiting to take the damn shot is all he ever does, more's the pity. He's great at waiting, but he's awesome at running the game.
He's got a lot more to offer than just his skills as a sniper, but after that thing in Budapest, SHIELD rarely lets him out to play on his own. 
He still maintains that it'd have been a damn shame to kill her, though. For all he keeps hearing about 'Agent Romanoff's exploits' and how they're all his fault, SHIELD tends to agree. It had been an interesting mission, at least. 
This mission is dead in the water. It was a mess right from the start, with a handler too set in his ways and a team so used to working with each other they hadn't really known what to do with him. The job was to infiltrate a cruise ship, steal a flash drive from a third-rate arms dealer with possible connections to HYDRA and get the fuck out of there, preferably unnoticed. Now his handler's dead, the team is dead, and Clint's stuck above the amphitheater in one of the few CCTV blind spots, trying to figure out a way to complete the mission and not get shot in the process. At least he's still got his bow.
He's got a few ideas, but since all of them involve jumping overboard at some point, he's not too keen on leaving the planning stage just yet. Wait for an opening. Wait for inspiration. Wait for them to spot him and take him down. Fuck.
If he can get past the boardwalk, through the central park, across the mini-golf course, over the fence and down six levels along the front hull, he might make it to the helipad. Hot-wiring a chopper isn't hard, but… 
But if Clint runs, six people will have died with nothing to show for it. He's too stubborn to let that happen. 
So, yeah. He needs a plan, and he needs it now.  
His radio clicks once. His heart jumps and picks up speed, but he doesn't flinch, doesn't stop watching the amphitheater below.
"Talk to me, Barton." It's a voice he's never heard before. Not their mark or one of his cronies – Clint's heard enough of them through the active team channels before they cut out – but that doesn't mean it's a friendly.
"Who are you?" he murmurs, gaze flicking across the far-too-open spaces below him. A trickle of sweat is inching its way down his nose. This could be a trap. Cole knows he's still on the ship, but if he and his goons want to play cat and mouse they're going to have to do a lot better than this. Clint doesn't play well with others even when he's reasonably sure they're not meant to stab him in the back. If this is a trap, it's a bad one.
"This is Agent Coulson. Your code is Red Iowa Echo Seven Oakley. Give me your status."
Clint licks his lips. It's the right code and the guy's voice is calm as you please. Self-assured. But Clint's handler knew both the code and the most common SHIELD frequencies. Clint's grip tightens around the bow. He hasn't nocked an arrow yet. 
Maybe he should.  
"How do I know you're on my side?" Even as he asks it, Clint knows the answer won't matter. There's no way for this guy to identify himself that Clint's handler couldn't have given up under torture. He's nowhere near far enough up the ladder to know any of the truly meaningful codes. The mission's been compromised, and all that's left for him to do is decide if he wants to trust this guy or not. 
He really doesn't.
"You'll have to take my word for it," Coulson says, and there's amusement in his voice, like he knows Clint is screwed either way. Clint lets out a slow breath. 
Fuck.
"Strike team's down," he mutters. It's clean information, not giving up anything the enemy doesn't know. Not yet. "Perez is dead. Cole still has the flash drive. We're fifteen hours away from the next port." 
"Are you hurt?"
"No." He never got the opportunity to make a difference. Fuck Perez and his idiotic plan, and fuck Clint for going along with it. He might as well have shot the team himself. Would have been kinder, too.
There's a short pause. 
"We still have another operative on board," Coulson says casually, like he's announcing there'll be drinks on the pool deck in fifteen minutes. "We'll engineer a distraction. I will talk you through the decks to Cole's location. Get the drive, then get to the helipad. You'll be picked up from there. What's your position?"
Clint grimaces. This is it, then. He shifts his weight, pulls an arrow from its quiver, and lines it up. 
If they try to take him down, he won't be selling himself cheap.
He takes a breath, tries to stay calm. "Amphitheater."
Another pause. A man in a waiter's uniform ambles along the empty boardwalk, checks for tour
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Marvel Universe Big Bang
Temporary Character Death
Romance
Male-Female Friendship
Angst
Fluff
Pining
#coulsonlives
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

