Chapter 1: Orders
    




Chapter Text




    From the  Journal of the London Society of Natural History
Volume XXVII, Issue 107, pages 334-357

Minutes of the London Society of Natural History quarterly gathering

...it has been further resolved that as no news has been received in over two years concerning the expedition of Mr. Penrose, in which that gentleman undertook to venture about the globe and advance the scientific knowledge of our Planet, that the Society will petition Parliament to send a vessel in search of them. The last known location of the Stella, the ship which sailed under his command, was the port of Sydney, from which they departed in May of 1801. It is the express desire of this Society that a new expedition will be ordered which will search for the lost ship. There is some hope that at least some members of the original voyage yet survive on some far-off shore, watching the horizon with unblinking eyes for rescue...
  ***** Thor had to wonder who, exactly, he had angered, for him to have received this assignment. Every other Captain who had purchased his commission within ten years of him was being sent to war, where he would find laurels and glory in either life or death, and a promotion to Admiral if he survived. But Thor was not being sent to war; Thor was being sent to the South Seas in search of a ship that was almost certainly lost.He was given two weeks to prepare for the voyage. His crew was assigned to him – another irritation, but it relieved him of the guilt of pulling his favoured hands from more laudable opportunities – and on his third day at the Admiralty, while he was engaged in decisions about provisions and supplies, he was informed that the ship was also to carry along an astronomer, a naturalist, a geographer, and their assistants. The Hope would be not only searching for Penrose. They would also be continuing the scientific work of the lost ship. The astronomer would be studying the southern skies while the naturalist conducted an evaluation of the plant life on the ill-charted isles. The geographer would be dedicated to studying the landscapes and improving the cartographic knowledge of those areas they sailed.“Even more time wasted,” Thor muttered.“What was that?” Admiral Borson demanded, peering down his nose. “I don’t think I heard you, Captain.”Thor straightened his back. “Nothing, sir.”The Admiral gave a sharp nod. “I thought not.”Worst of all was breaking the news to Sif. His betrothed was perhaps even more enthusiastic about the war than he was. The dress she had worn to the Christmas ball given by the Admiral’s wife, inspired by the sails of a Man-o’-War, was in turn the inspiration of every dress worn by every lady of Society. The train had swelled as Thor spun her about the room until at its fullest, her flag-embroidered petticoats were daringly exposed. Her conversation was always full of tactics and manoeuvres. More than once, Thor found himself surprized she did not don men’s clothes and run away to the battlefields. The war was not going so well that the enlistment office looked too hard at a smooth chin or a trim foot, and he would have preferred her at his back over many men he knew. He did not love her, but he respected her. It was a sentiment he prized far more highly.He told her his news one week before he was to leave. She did not take it well."The South Seas, for eighteen months? The war will be over and the promotions all handed out, and you will have had none of it!""And you would be no more than a captain's wife," Thor said.She looked at him suspiciously. "Why do you say it so? Why would and not will?""For the simple fact that I cannot hold you to our engagement, now that I have received these orders. You are ambitious-"She opened her mouth to protest and he raised his hand. "It is no bad thing, though others would hold it so. Were things different you would be a General already, my dear, and the army would be all the better for it. But things being what they are, you must have all your ambition fitted into the shape of a husband. And I say these things to tell you that I will not hold you to our engagement, if you wish to be freed of it. I will leave you a letter, testifying to the same, that you shall face no social approbation. If I return to find you wedded, I will be honest when I wish you joy."Sif rose in a crinkle of skirts. She held out her hand. He stood and shook it. "I wish you safe and well in your endeavours. And, Thor – had I but been a man, I should have been proud to serve with you, even in the South Seas.""Had things been different," he corrected."Yes. Had things been different." *****There were no artists in Loki's family. It was a matter of merest chance that his hand had caught the eye of the master he served. He was ten when it happened. He had been sent to clean the grates in the library, and after scraping off the ash and cinders, he couldn't quite help drawing his finger through the pile, making lazy curlicues when
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Original Character
Darcy Lewis/Original Character

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Age of Sail
Class Kink
Pining
Kissing in the Rain
Disguised Gender
Masturbation
Slow Burn
mortal peril
Minor Character Death
non-character death
Hand Jobs
Angst
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Frottage
NSFW Art
Heartbreak
Happy Ending
Alternate Universe - Napoleonic Wars
Separations

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Original Character
Darcy Lewis/Original Character

