Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Foggy’s not completely surprised to find Matt prostrate in the middle of his living room after he gets home. He’d been moody all day, stressed out and snapping and refusing to talk about it, and he skipped out of work after lunch—probably to go threaten a criminal with his manly fists or something. Foggy and Karen had to have a special secret meeting to discuss what they should do if he keeps this up, namely have a serious adult talk or, more likely, get blackout drunk and yell at each other.Apparently Matt has his own ideas, though.“Is this in regards to you being weird and bitchy all morning?” Foggy asks, and Matt doesn’t reply, just huffs a little and raises his hips up. His clothes are folded neatly on the coffee table, and his chest is pressed to Foggy’s floor, head in the circle of his arms, ass in the air.They haven’t really talked a lot about this yet, because they just kind of stumbled head-first into fucking aggressively to avoid addressing their dumpster full of issues, so Foggy’s not completely sure what to do here. Sometimes, he just has to try to operate on Matt rules, which are obscure and confusing and kinda dark—like how when Matt says, “I’m okay,” he really means, “I have at least six broken bones.”Or how when he says, “We don’t have to, I’m just thinking out loud,” he really means, “I want you to slap me across the face until I cry and then fuck me.”Shit’s gotten weird, lately. Not bad, necessarily, but weird.“What am I going to do with you?” Foggy asks, dropping his keys on the kitchen table and walking over to run his fingers over Matt’s back. Matt arches for him, and Foggy slides his fingers up to pet Matt’s hair.Matt makes a quiet, needy noise.“You’re going to have to tell me what you want, Matt,” Foggy says, “because, clearly, you’ve got some kind of idea in your very pretty head.”Matt says, low and strained, “I can’t focus. I need—everything’s so loud, sometimes, Foggy.”Foggy drops down to sit cross-legged in front of Matt, pulling Matt’s head into his lap. Matt moves forward eagerly, slumping down a little and nosing at Foggy’s dick through his slacks. Foggy pulls him back by his hair, and Matt draws in a sharp breath.“What do you need, Matt?” Foggy asks.Matt kisses Foggy’s ankle, mouths at the delicate bone, before he says, “I need to hurt, but I don’t want to go out. I know you’re still mad at me even though you say you aren’t and I don’t want to make it worse, but I need—something to focus on, something other than the noises.”Foggy scratches his fingers over Matt’s scalp for a few seconds.“Get your ass up higher,” he says, tries to keep his voice steady as he digs his nails in just slightly, and Matt shifts away from him to quickly obey, hips raised high and his cheek pressed against the cold floor. Foggy stands up to look at him, walking in a circle around him so Matt blushes furiously, just from Foggy looking at him.Foggy undoes his tie and grabs Matt’s arms to pull them behind his back, tying them at the elbows so Matt can barely move them. At the sound of Foggy slipping his belt off and vaguely snapping it in the air, Matt hisses out, “Yeah,” and writhes like he’s putting on a show.If this were a different night, if they started this like they normally did—Matt taking Foggy’s laptop away from him and crawling into his lap or Foggy nudging Matt with his foot from the other end of the couch until Matt gets the picture—Foggy would work him up to it. Start with a hand, start slow and easy. Matt’s sprawled out and slutty and begging for it, though, dick curved up towards his stomach and leaking onto the floor, and the first hit with the belt is enough to make Matt shout.After the second hit, he gasps out, “Thank you,” and Foggy hits him again instead of replying, making Matt sob and push back to ask for more. He spaces out the hits so Matt can’t anticipate them, so he jumps and gasps and yells.By the time he’s finished, Matt’s crying and his ass is red, might bruise in a couple of hours, but he’s still patiently spread out. He’d keep taking it if Foggy wanted, but Foggy knows better than to use Matt’s willingness as a measurement of when to stop, because Matt spends his free time back flipping between buildings.He grabs the tie to pull Matt up by the arms so he’s on his knees, and Matt instantly leans in to press his face against Foggy’s erection, tries to get at the zipper with his teeth. Foggy slaps him across the face, sharply, and Matt pulls away, staring up in his direction with wide grateful eyes.“Normally I have to ask for that,” he says, and Foggy unzips his pants to pull out his dick and slide it over Matt’s mouth.“I want you to ask for something else,” he says, pulling away when Matt licks over the head to slap Matt’s cheek with it, hard enough that he has to hiss out his own pained breath.“Please?” Matt says, makes himself look nice and sweet and imploring, all smile and eyebrows. It’s how he gets girls—got girls, maybe. They haven’t talked a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Belts
Spanking
Daddy Kink
Face-Fucking
Face Slapping
Kneeling
Praise Kink
Light Bondage
daddy kink but not ageplay
is probably an important distinction to make
Barebacking
Daddy Issues
and the discussion thereof

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

