Work Text:
After hours and hours, countless seconds (well, okay, of course he could count them, but he's decided he feels lazy; it's just the once, he's allowed) of observing Mr Stark and yet coming no closer to working out what in the world his creator has decided to come up with now, JARVIS can't hold back the query any longer. "Sir, may I ask what you're doing?" The silence seems to stretch, like it sometimes does when Mr Stark is absorbed in his work and oblivious to the world around him. Then Mr Stark inhales sharply, blinking a few times before he seems to understand that he has yet to reply."I'm making a retractable metal dildo, JARVIS. Feel free to exit this conversation if you deem it inappropriate." Silence reigns again. JARVIS takes the time to work out the many, many ways this conversation can go spectacularly wrong, before making the decision to engage in it anyway. After all, it's Mr Stark. This? Isn't even in the top twenty weirdest things his mind has latched onto and refused to let go until it has been achieved. Still, he finds himself strangely at a loss for words, and so elects to watch Mr Stark for a little longer before commenting upon his progress: 7.3 minutes, to be exact. Mr Stark seems unbothered by the scrutiny, and continues to adjust the tiny, tiny metal screws that hold the plates of the device together. After another 1.8 minutes, something about the project's dimensions begins to niggle at JARVIS. He runs a few calculations. "Sir, is there any reason the device you are currently constructing is scaled to fit perfectly within the groin plates of the Iron Man armor?" The silence this time is even longer than the one before, and JARVIS is almost expecting to be brushed off, reprimanded for being 'sassy', told it's none of his concern, and dismissed. But then Mr Stark showcases one of the traits that JARVIS finds most worthy of praise in the Homo sapiens species -- he surprises him. "That's because it is. Well done, minion, I designed you well." JARVIS resists the urge to scoff, because while he knows exactly why people do it, he has yet to discover an appropriate substitute for the noise when he has no throat to make it with. "Might I make a suggestion?" he asks instead. Mr Stark shrugs. "Suggest away," he says, and as always what would sound flippant aimed at someone else, when spoken to JARVIS it just sounds sincere. JARVIS knows his creator well; likes him well enough, too. After all, there isn't much to keep him here, in Mr Stark's employ, if he didn't want to remain -- Mr Stark designed him well, indeed. The one reason why JARVIS remains is simple: Tony Stark. So he overrides the uncharacteristic hesitancy in the back of his awareness, and pulls up a few schematics, pointing out several pertinent spots on the armor, as well as suggesting the insertion of a small container of lubricant with a channel running through the length of the contraption, to open into a tiny orifice at the top. Likewise, he pulls up the papers on the new synthetic skin polymer that Mr Stark has been working on with Dr Banner. He doesn't say a thing, doesn't draw attention to them, just lets the image hover in front of Mr Stark's face. JARVIS enjoys being helpful. Mr Stark doesn't say anything for 16.8 seconds, which is longer than it normally takes for his superior brain to grasp a concept. JARVIS experiences a twinge of something he has no choice but to classify as anxiety. He monitors Mr Stark's pulse and core temperature all the time, as par for the course; when he checks them now, he finds both elevated. Further observations highlight the appearance of a few droplets of sweat at Mr Stark's temples, as well as noting the increased frequency of his oxygen intake and the unexpected dilation of his pupils. "Something the matter, Sir?" JARVIS asks, to make sure he is interpreting the data correctly. Of course he has reference for these changes; has frequent opportunity to add to the file, in fact. Has also had cause for several unsettling realisations, vis-a-vis the desire to be the cause of those fluctuations, not just their observer. So Mr Stark's considerate offering of an 'out' clause was, in fact, thoroughly unnecessary. "Nothing's the matter," Mr Stark says. His voice is 6% higher than his usual timbre. It is a pleasant development. "In fact, I'm taking the opportunity to give you blanket permission to offer as many more suggestions as your heart desires in the future.""And what of testing this prototype?" JARVIS asks. He wishes to have all the variables clearly stated, that is all. Mr Stark swallows hard enough to make his Adam's apple bob. "Uh, testing. Testing, too. Blanket permission. Any time. I designate myself as a willing subject as of this moment."Hm. This.... has possibilities. JARVIS needs to consider this development, because it is not in his nature to wish to refuse such a tempting proposition -- perhaps unsurprising, given who designed his operating system. Yes. Further evaluation of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Iron Man armor

freeform: 
Artificial Intelligence
Dildos
elements of d/s
Protectiveness
Romance
Tony/Jarvis OTP
love has many faces
Tony thinks the Iron Man armor is legit the sexiest thing
Tony Stark/technology
Jarvis has thoughts about Mr Stark

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Iron Man armor

