Work Text:


BEFORE GAP YEAR
"I know," Steve says. "I know, I know, I know.""I don't think you do, actually," Peggy says, raising a dramatic eyebrow. Steve knows it's for effect, watched her practice for hours in a mirror. He can't believe she's trying to use it on him. "I just think it would be better if you moved on.""To what?" Steve asks, incredulous. Peggy always has this idea in her head that his life would suddenly be so much better if he moved on. It's her regular mantra. The problem is, even if he moved on he would still be the skinny, geeky kid he's always been. At least he's not short anymore. A totally unexpected growth spurt took care of that one. "Tell me, what glorious things am I currently missing out on because of it?"Peggy bites her lip, eyes him for a beat too long. He would say, ha, see, can't think of anything if it weren't so pathetic. "There's..." she starts gamely but then falters. Steve just stares at her, not willing to help her out, hoping that he'll finally get her to give it up already.She does something he isn't expecting, something worse. She's kind about it. "You wouldn't be such a target, you wouldn't be so there for him."It's like a punch to the gut, hearing it put that way. Steve knows he'd be able to minimise the amount of daily torture he endured if he could just stay away but he's like a moth to a flame.He keeps on getting burned by Tony Stark.

*
Steve was never confused about liking boys over girls. He'd taken one look at Tony Stark laughing and goofing with his friends and decided then and there with the surety of the very young that he was ruined for anyone else. Tony Stark didn't exactly feel the same way most of their high school careers, seemed to take enjoyment instead out of Steve's attention by finding new and interesting ways to embarrass him.That's what Peggy's getting at though, that Steve would probably not be such a victim if he avoided Tony altogether.He doesn't mean to be wherever Tony Stark is, just kind of finds himself in those places, idling and waiting for a glimpse. Tony usually sees him before he spots Tony worse luck, Tony's presence heralded with a shove, a called out name, a shoulder check that almost makes him stumble.His Nana kept telling him that they will tire of it, these bullies, they always do and Steve kept waiting for that, kept waiting for Tony to just stop acknowledging him altogether, have his gaze skip past unseeing. It's like Tony's got as much of an imperative to hassle Steve as he has to be where Tony's going to be though.Senior year and nothing's changed."Just think of it," Peggy says, smiling. "This time next year we'll be lounging around our college campus, being unbearably cool.""I don't think a new school is going to fix me," Steve says because Peggy's been extolling the virtues of college for years, keeps assuring him that everything will slot neatly into place once they're there.Steve thinks maybe he'll become more invisible but that's about all he can hope for."You'll see," Peggy says with a knowing look, trying to pull off imperious. "Get out from under the shadow of this school and Tony Stark and everything will be great."Steve would like to believe her, he really would.

*
"Hey kid."Someone grabs Steve in a head lock when he has his key in his front door. He struggles for a second but then the laugh filters through and he recognizes it and slumps. "Bucky, get off," he grumbles."Boy, you got tall," Bucky says, releasing Steve and stepping away. "I had to almost jump to get a hold of you.""That's why I took the growth hormone, to make it just that little bit harder for you to noogie me," Steve says dryly, but he can't help the grin that cracks his face. He's always happy to see Bucky and Bucky knows it. He sees him less often since Bucky moved away, got all adult on him with his own apartment and a uniform. "How's the force treating you?""Can't complain," Bucky says. He brushes invisible lint from his shoulder and smirks. He looks good in a uniform, Steve would probably be able to appreciate it more if he wasn't permanently ruined by Tony.Not that a crush on Bucky would be any more useful since when he was living across the street he would bring a different girl home every week, tell Steve it was only fair to give them all a shot.The door opens behind Steve and his Nana pokes her head out, beams when she sees who it is. Bucky's parents hadn't exactly been around much when they were younger and Bucky had always come over to be fussed over and fed by Steve's grandmother. Steve sometimes wondered if Bucky was using him for the roast beef sandwiches."James," Eloise says, sounding delighted. "Get in here and give me a squeeze right this second."Bucky huffs and rolls his eyes good naturedly but Steve can see the affection that floods Bucky's face when he leans over and gathers Eloise up in his arms, is overly gentle because these days she's much more brittle. Steve follows them inside, tossing his backpack and toeing out of hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - High School

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

