Work Text:


I.
The incident, Tony would later tell the Professor in his defence, was the fault of sheer logical causality.Even though, possibly, and here Tony was not in any way admitting liability, that racing Warren Worthington deep in the night over the Rockies had started as Tony's idea, but that had been exercise. Besides, what were two semi-disowned young scions of giant corporate empires meant to do on a Saturday night, anyway? And when Tony had seen that blonde He-Man cosplayer attack one of his childhood heroes, was he really meant to butt out of it? Because, Captain America, Professor. Oh yeah. Those pants really left absolutely nothing to the imagination in real life, Professor. And don't even let Tony get started on how incredibly hot the cosplayer was, because seriously, for a moment there, he'd thought that the whole shebang had just some sort of  male beauty pageant gone creative.At that point during the mental debrief, Professor Xavier might have closed his eyes for a moment to take in a long, measured breath.Mission accomplished.Tony liked to break Professor Xavier's mind gently every so often. It kept him on his figurative toes. Right now, the Professor was watching him with long-suffering patience as Tony plastered on his best, shit-eating grin and Warren scuffed his feet awkwardly in a corner, great big wings huddled behind his back, his broken arm cast into a thick white roll, while an expressionless corporate drone with a receding hairline stood with his arms behind his back, next to the Professor. "Thor extended his apologies for injuring Mr. Worthington," Corporate Drone said neutrally. "The Director trusts that you will keep your wards in check in the future, Professor.""Thank you for providing medical aid to Warren and for escorting them home, Agent Coulson," the Professor said wryly, and waited until Summers had escorted Coulson out of his study before eyeing Tony sternly. "No."Sometimes having a mind-reader for a teacher was really shitballs. "I was just going to have a peek.""I understand that your father's been called in to SHIELD to consult on the situation," the Professor said quietly, and that was the other thing about telepaths - they always knew the quickest way to pour cold water on anything fun. As Tony deflated, grimacing, the Professor added mildly, "However, I suppose I should commend the two of you for attempting to intervene, even if the result left much to be desired. Our powers should be used to protect others in need.""Great! So we're not in trouble?" Tony perked up, ignoring Warren's frantic eye-rolling."You're both still grounded," the Professor added pleasantly. "But we were going to fly everyone to the Maldives tomorrow!""Scott can fly the plane. You'll both be remaining in Westchester to mind the premises. Tony," the Professor said gently, "The both of you could have been seriously hurt. It's only a wonder that you were immune to Thor's powers and that his hammer didn't do more damage to either of you. I've been trying to provide all of you with a full set of skills for peacekeeping measures, but you are all terribly young still.""We understand, Professor," Warren said contritely. Traitor."Warren's a traitor," Tony told Rogue afterwards, when he was sulking in the labs working on the holographic platform for the Danger Room project. The Professor had iced even the remotest suggestion of using live rounds for testing and/or science, and Tony had to content himself with BB shot and heavily modified Nerf projectiles. "It was your idea," Rogue replied mildly, perched on the workbench with her feet dangling. "If you're not going to sympathise with me, leave me alone. Go and make out with Bobby or something. Better yet, make out with Piotr. He's hotter.""You're just bitchy because you're grounded," Rogue drawled, though she absently fingered the suppression bangles that Tony had made for her as an afterthought during the first week of her arrival. They kept her powers switched off unless she removed them, and although that had earned him Rogue's fast friendship it had also considerably cooled most of the other students towards them: Tony for even making such a thing, and Rogue for wanting to wear it all the time, and now they were pretty much stuck in their own two-person version of a Kool Kids' Club. Fuck the others. The Professor had recognised the necessity and Rogue had been overjoyed to tears, but… hell. Tony didn't usually like other kids his age anyway. Brats. Rogue would have done better developing her adolescent crushes on people who were at least ten years older, in Tony's opinion.Her sad lack of taste in guys aside, Rogue was actually fairly all right as a semi-maybe-best-friend. She could be talked into anything, she had balls, and when she explained things when dropping into her Southern drawl sometimes even the Professor could be persuaded to let them off the hook."I can fly to the Maldives myself whenever I want.""You'll get lost.""JARVIS has GPS.""
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Tony
Thor/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Slash
Age Difference

fandom: 
Thor/Tony
Thor/Tony Stark

