Work Text:
When Darcy accepts the offer to officially become Jane's assistant, she's presented with a stack of paperwork at least an inch thick. Because they are technically there as part of a public-private partnership with Stark Industries, she has to fill out a bunch of stuff twice, which seems really wasteful. There are the usual W4 and direct deposit forms, one for listing her emergency contacts, and one about her medical history that seems a little intrusive until she realizes who she's working for. There's one that she's only supposed to sign after having read various SHIELD policy manuals but signs anyway, because seriously, when is she going to have reason, let alone time, to read the SHIELD weapons handling manual? There's a pile of nondisclosure agreements she signs without reading, either, because one, she's not a lawyer, and two, she'd have to understand any of Jane's stuff to disclose it, so no danger there. Then she comes to the weirdly specific SHIELD forms for unusual incidents and events. Having made first contact with her taser (not to mention the whole Chitauri thing), she can't scoff at the "What to do in the event of an alien invasion?" form, and given the givens, maybe they really do have a time machine, so she agrees that she will not attempt to go back in time to kill Hitler or otherwise change the timestream without first having direct orders from a Level 10 or higher SHIELD operative.But then there's SHIELD Form 7A WF 83429: Biochemical Warfare, Pheromones, and You. Now she knows they're hazing her, but whatever, she'll get the last laugh. In the box where it says, "If you do not have a significant other or regular sexual partner at the time of the biochemical event, to whom do you grant consent to have sex with you should circumstances require it?" she writes, "Captain America." Because that's a thing that's ever going to happen.She signs her name with a flourish, makes the requisite copies for her own personal files, and then hands the whole package over to the SHIELD lackey who's been standing over her the whole time. She doesn't think about it again.*
Ten months later
After the labs get trashed yet again, this time by aliens that look like giant Rock 'Em Sock 'Em robots, there's a lot of rearranging of lab space, which makes all of the scientists kind of tetchy, and that's not even counting the one who turns into a giant green rage monster. Or Jane. Which is why Darcy's there alone on a Saturday, making sure all of Jane's equipment has finally been moved out of Bruce's lab and none of it's been damaged (well, any more than it already was; Jane's duct tape and DIY aesthetic made Tony kind of crazy when they first met, and he spent a lot of time building her shinier thingamabobs and doodads) in the process.  Darcy's under one of the lab tables, making sure her iPod dock is plugged in, when she hears someone's sneakers squeak against the floor and then a whispered flurry of cursing. The lackeys and interns are all supposed to be at lunch, so she pops up and says, "Hi, can I help you?"The guy turns, startled. It's one of the new interns. He's working on trying to open the safe where Bruce keeps the Hulk's blood samples. She yells, "Jarvis," and when there's no response, she hits the panic button on her phone in her pocket; she can do it without looking, one of the few bits of SHIELD training that's stuck. With her other hand, she grabs her taser out of her bag.The guy curses again and they lunge over the table at each other. He jabs her hand with a hypodermic needle right before she hits him with the taser. He goes down, twitching and gasping like a dying fish and she stares at the needle sticking out of her hand."Oh fuck me," she says, and that's when the Avengers burst in.*Darcy strips down into the t-shirt and scrubs they give her and lets them lock her in a quarantine room until the tests on her blood and the syringe come back. She's breathless and sweating and more turned on than she can remember being in a while. Possibly ever. It's probably the adrenaline, she thinks, but instead of fading away and leaving her tired and shaky, as previous experience has taught her, she just gets more wound up the longer they leave her alone.The t-shirt rubs against her nipples, making her shiver. It feels really good, and she spends a minute or two rubbing the soft cotton against her hard nipples. She squeezes her thighs together and shifts her hips, chasing the sensation. It's good, but she needs more. She slips her fingers between her legs, marveling a little at how wet she is already, and presses in, gasping at how good it feels. Though not as good as it would without the scrubs in the way. She tugs at the drawstring and is about to pull them off regardless of where she is when she hears a click. "Darcy, are you okay?" The voice comes from a speaker somewhere in the ceiling and she jumps, yanking her hand away. She has to curl it into a fist and dig her nails into her palm in order not to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Consent Issues
Bureaucracy
West Wing Title Project

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

