Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was dark. Darcy Lewis hated the dark. For as long as she could remember, darkness held the No. 1 spot on her short list of great fears. No. 2 was running out of coffee.She didn’t know why she hated the dark or how the fear started in the first place. All she knew was she started screaming in her bedroom one night, having thrown away her rocket ship-shaped nightlight that afternoon after Stacey Adams told her only babies had nightlights in kindergarten. Her dad didn’t make fun of her. He loved to tease, but he always stayed away from anything he knew was important to his daughter. So rather than laugh at her tears, he took her to the living room where they built a fort out of blankets and pillows, popped popcorn and watched cartoons until the sun rose, school night be damned. (She also had her first cappuccino the next morning, but that’s another story.) That evening, at dinner, he presented her with a teddy bear that worked as a night light, starting out bright when the lights turned off, growing dimmer as Darcy drifted to sleep. If she woke up in the middle of the night for any reason, the bear’s sensors would note the change and illuminate once more.Darcy loved Beary. (Don’t give her grief about the name; she was five!) She took him to college and New Mexico and Norway and London – not that she remembered any of that. He now had a place of honor on her nightstand in Brooklyn – not that she remembered that, either.She remembered darkness. The dark and the cold. She had no idea where she was, how long she was there or why she was there. They didn’t tell her. They talked about her. They talked over her. They didn’t talk to her. Sometimes they whispered. They argued a lot. Sometimes they yelled; fought. She preferred that over the whispers. She knew something was going to happen when the voices argued. She could prepare herself for it. She had no idea what to expect from the whispers.“Darcy? We’re here, doll.”The voice was so close and yet it wasn’t. She tried to turn her head towards it. She felt like she should know it, but she wasn’t sure. Even so, her instincts told her to go to the voice, to follow it. It was strong. Safe. Warm. The voice wouldn’t hurt her. Not like them.She sniffed. She wouldn’t cry. Darcy Lewis didn’t cry – even when the urge to do so practically choked her.“Sweetheart,” a voice said. It was different than the other one, but just as comforting.She didn’t want the voice to stop talking. She needed something to hold on to, an anchor in the sea of darkness. She wanted to shout, to scream for the voice to keep talking, but all she could get out was a small whimper.“We’re here, Darcy; you’re safe now. We’ve got you.”Safe. How much time had passed since she allowed herself to think of that word? Safe meant warmth and comfort, home and her father. Her father. She strained to hear him, to pick out his voice from those swimming inside her head; the voices she didn’t know and wanted to forget and the two she knew, knew, were important.“Open your eyes, baby; just for a minute. Can you do that for us?”She wanted to, but what if it was a trick? What if she opened her eyes and the voices weren’t there? What if she was still in the room – alone, cold and in the dark?“I promise you, Darcy; you’re safe.”The first voice was cajoling, the second almost commanding. It was difficult to resist either one. She blinked, her heavy eyelids barely peeking before she slammed them shut once more. She felt a hand grip one of hers, the touch strong and comforting. This wasn’t a hand that would hurt her. She knew that.“That’s it, sweetheart. Nice and slow.”She tried again, the brief glimpse of light she got the first time enough of an incentive to force her eyes open once more. This time, she kept them open, blinking quickly to adjust to the bright light in the stark white room, so grateful for the fluorescent light overhead and the sunlight streaming through the large window on her right that it took her a minute to realize to acknowledge the two men watching her. Two extremely handsome men. Like romance book cover handsome.Darcy squeezed her eyes shut and counted to three in her head. Opening one eye cautiously, she watched as the dark haired one of the two smiled, his blue eyes getting lighter as she focused on his ridiculously handsome face. Who knew there were actual people with a chin like that walking around the world? He had a dimple. In. His. Chin. She wanted to poke it. She wanted to kiss it. Darcy closed her eyes once more and took a deep breath before she did something to embarrass herself. She was safe. Maybe she was dead. That sucked, but death was far better than where she was before. It had to be.“Sweetheart, can you look at me?”She opened her eyes, this time focusing on the blond who looked like a Greek god. He had blue eyes, too. They were lighter than Chinny McChinerson, but just as focused as they narrowed on her as if drinking up every single feature before he allowe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Kidnapping
Temporary Amnesia
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Flashbacks
Dates of events fudged to fit the story
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Canon compliant when it suits the story

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

