Work Text:
After Short Stuff, Tony and the robot-making gets a bit out of control.Clint only knows this because he’s in charge of the upper floors of the mansion.Natasha looks after the lower ones.It’s a thing.So yeah, he knows that it’s getting ridiculous because first, it’s Short Stuff invading the first floor like an adorable little Wall-E or something, and Tasha’s cooing over her whenever Steve isn’t (and yeah, what the hell, Clint knows sublimation and projection when he sees it, holy balls is Steve in trouble).And that’s fine. Weird, but fine.But then there are the rest of them.How the hell does Stark build these things so fast? They’re not all the same, either—they’re all distinctly different, in fact.And they skip Natasha’s floors, so he doesn’t have any warning.The eaves of the west wing are dry this time of year, and afford a fantastic view of the rest of Fifth Avenue, and Clint is looking out there, customarily crouched, when—“Jesus fuck!”Chitter, scuttle, and an inelegant bonk.Clint peers over the edge of the eave, heart pounding, because shit doesn’t just sneak up on him, nothing sneaks up on him except Tasha, and she’s not a thing, she’s a terrifying spy assassin. So what…?It blinks up at him. Or rather, its assemblage of small metal parts give off that impression.It doesn’t have a face. Nope. Robots don’t have faces.“The shit?” Clint says blankly.It rights itself with a flaily gesture of several limbs. Limbs that are made mostly of what appear to be amalgams of brushes and wheels made out of…huh.So that’s where those fancy silicon spatulas from the downstairs kitchen went.They don’t make a sound, on the tiling or anything else.“Oh, it is on.”***Two days later, and the robot wars are in full swing.Clint is doing reconnaissance.Pepper gives him some silly speech about how JARVIS somehow makes the robots safe, like that makes any sense at all.“Just think,” she says, “If you befriend a few, maybe they’ll spare you when the revolution comes.”Clint is decidedly not fooled. JARVIS is a pretty cool not-dude, but his creator is Tony Stark, and so the idea that he’s at all immune to the irrational craziness of mankind and all of the viciousness that goes with it is laughable at best.So yeah, Clint is totally the John Connor of New York.“MEEP!”“Cry more, bitch!” Clint says, and readies his slingshot again.There’s a sound off to his left, and he fires before even taking the time to look fully. There’s a fizzle and a slightly pathetic whir that clearly indicates victory for Clint.He allows himself a fist-pump before launching himself back into the ceiling.Except, as soon as he turns a corner beneath the attic, he finds himself face-to-face with Natasha.“Gah,” he says, though very quietly, and mostly out of courtesy, because he’s not exactly surprised by finding her here, it’s just a little off-putting after usually finding more robots around instead.“Tony’s going to kill you,” Natasha says.“Maybe he should stop building so many death bots, then.”“They’re not death bots. They clean.”“They’re a menace. They’re sneaks.”“We’re sneaks,” Natasha points out.Clint narrows his eyes at her.“We’re awesome.”“So are the robots.” And before Clint can muster up a gleeful expression, she adds, “If you tell Tony I said that, I’ll eviscerate you. But seriously, who else is going to clean up after Thor and his trail of poptart remains, or you and your dust bunnies?”“I do not leave dust bunnies—““You are covered in them,” Natasha cuts him off.Clint looks down at himself.Oh.“Point,” he concedes.“They are cleaner bots, and you’re picking them off like it’s Istanbul all over again.”“Istanbul was fun.”“Beside the point.”“Tasha…,” he whines.She just levels a look at him. “I don’t know what your issue is,” she says, “But knock it off.”She slides away into the dark. Clint calls, “I don’t have an issue! I am issue-less.”He can’t tell whether he’s lying to himself or not.***The war continues until, as Natasha predicted, Tony catches him at it.“What the actual fuck, Barton?” he exclaims, snatching one of the littlest ones out of the line of fire. “What are you, a goddamn robot terrorist? Is that what this is?”“For the hoard!” Clint says, because he’s in the moment.“Give me that!” It’s only the fact that Clint is distracted by a second robot that Tony manages to snatch the arrow he was nocking out of his hand, which is just adding insult to injury. “These aren’t just appliances, Barton! They have feelings. Darling, calm down, I’m not going to let the bad man get you.” He cradles the squealing hunk of metal against his chest like a very angular baby. He glares at Clint.“Jesus, Stark, what are you talking about?” Clint says.“They’re AIs, pinhead. They have the learning capacity of cats or dogs. And you’ve been stressing them the fuck out. And breaking them! What the hell is wrong you?”Clint opens his mouth. And then shuts it. “Skynet?” he ventures.Tony jabs a finger at him. “You’re an idiot. Don’t hurt my bots, or I’ll hurt you.”“You coul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
robot friends!

fandom: 
None
