Chapter 1: The Insuperable Mr Lehnsherr and the Insurmountable Mr Xavier (Esq.)
    




Chapter Text





I : The Insuperable Mr Lehnsherr and the Insurmountable Mr Xavier (Esq.)


 Charles is about halfway through his Earl Grey when Emma Frost seats herself across from him at his little table, folding gracefully into the tight corner with her usual poise and sliding off her jacket to hang it over the back of her chair without so much as asking. He glances up at her over the papers he’s marking for a brief acknowledgement before finishing the note he’s writing; the student is thinking along the right lines but needs a little further push if she’s to really excel. Emma, on the other hand, is emitting such an aura of tolerant waiting that she is - as she intends - impossible to ignore.“How lovely to see you, Emma,” Charles says, and lays down his pen with a faint click on the table, looking up at her at last. He waits, patiently, until she tilts her head to the side and exposes her throat in greeting before he does the same. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”“Can’t two old friends meet unexpectedly and share a few words?” Emma asks, the corner of her mouth curling into a wry smile. It’s three o’clock on a lovely September afternoon - one Charles had intended to spend finishing up his grading before getting the beginnings of his next presentation down on paper. It’s no secret that he likes to spend his free time in the corner cafe a couple of blocks off-campus; though the postgrads know where to look, none of the undergrads seem to have discovered his little hideaway. And yet, somehow, Emma knew where to find him.In the small cafe her sleek white dress seems out of place, tailored and crisp against the shabby-chic of the university district. She looks almost like a rich heiress in a movie, come to find her submissive where he’s run from her and win him back - except Charles is no submissive.“A dark roast coffee, black, for the lady,” he calls without looking away from Emma, raising a hand to his chin and tapping his forefinger against his lower lip thoughtfully. “As much as I’d like to pretend we were as close as all that, Emma - and you know I like you a great deal - you may as well own up to whatever it is you’re here for. We can catch up after.”“I don’t need a coffee,” she says, flicking her fingers dismissively at the submissive barista, who looks torn between the two of them, unsure who to listen to. “I have reservations for afternoon tea at The Plaza. I only came here to fetch you.” She gets up from her seat, already swiping at her skirt to remove imaginary dirt.Charles’ chin lifts, his hands coming to rest folded on the table. His voice, when he speaks, is firm and expects obedience, and he backs it up with a flare of telepathy, batting away her attempt at quiet persuasion. “Sit back down or go alone. I have no intention of going elsewhere.”He can feel it when Emma bends, even though outwardly she sighs as though greatly put-upon, sitting back down and crossing her legs so that her skirt rides a little up her thighs. It certainly has an effect on the poor barista, who comes over quickly with the coffee and nearly drops it onto the table before retreating, flushed and flustered. “If you insist, then. I know Raven has been making inquiries for a bondmate for you,” Emma says, reaching for her drink without so much as acknowledging the near-ruin of her clothing. “I have a proposition that I think you might be interested in, though I had intended to make a better show of wooing you with it.”Charles raises an eyebrow, intrigued despite himself. “Then you should be wooing Raven. She’s my proxy.”“This is a little… irregular.” Emma sips at the coffee slowly, eyes never leaving Charles’. “Have you ever met my brother, Erik?”Both of Charles’ eyebrows fly up this time, and he sits back in his chair, surprised despite himself. “Your submissive brother? Forgive me if I’m wrong, but isn’t his nickname ‘The Insuperable Mr Lehnsherr’?”Emma snorts, unladylike and genuine, and her eyes crease up at the corners in a way she would probably hate if she saw it in a mirror. “Pfft. This isn’t a Georgette Heyer novel, Charles. If we’re going to be giving fanciful sobriquets you might as well be ‘the Insurmountable Mr Xavier’.”“Oh, never that. I’m quite fond of a good mounting.”“‘The Intolerable’, then,” Emma says, eyes twinkling. “Despite its origins, this coffee is very good. I shall have to hunt you down more often.”“Let’s go back a moment to the part where I believe you were offering me your brother for my bondmate,” Charles says in his best calm voice, but inside he’s bubbling with a curiosity that he tries to keep damped down. There’s a hot tingle of what he might as well admit is interest in his belly, because for all the socialite scene’s gossiping ways there’s usually a seed of truth to any rumour you hear more than once, and Erik Lehnsherr is generally considered to be one of the most stubborn and unattainable submissives
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub
Arranged Marriage
Engagement

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

