Work Text:
Steve glanced at the clock on his bedside table and saw that Thor was late—late enough that Steve was about to start without him. He didn't have a lot of free time and had even less privacy, so he always took advantage of whatever alone time he could get. Usually that meant an evening spent relieving tension with Thor, but sometimes that meant spending time with his dildo.Most people would probably be surprised to know that Captain America owned a dildo, let alone one that was called "Hoss" by the manufacturer, but that was the beauty of the internet. He would have never been able to make it into a sex shop without having his face plastered all over the tabloids, but modern technology kept things discreet. Of course, it helped that the computer Tony had given him had already had the best sex toy sites bookmarked. Tony had intended it to be a joke, but Steve's sex life was grateful.  Steve opened his bedside drawer and took out a bottle of lube and the dildo, which he had jokingly nicknamed "The Hammer" to mess with Thor. Steve laid them on the bed and grabbed a towel to spread out as well. The dildo was large enough that he was going to have to take a while preparing himself, and there was no reason to get lube all over the sheets if he didn't have to.Once he had everything that he needed, Steve got undressed and laid down on the bed. He took his mostly soft cock in his hand and stroked it a few times before picking up the lube and pouring out a handful. Leaving his cock alone for now, he rolled onto his side and lifted his leg up to make things easier, before reaching down between his legs. He rested his hand near his tailbone and tilted it, letting the lube dribble out into his crack. It was cool against his skin, and he ran his fingers downwards through it. After a moment spent idly stroking along the crease, he gathered what lube he could and began tracing his tight entrance.He shuddered in anticipation as he caressed the rim of his hole, but he made himself take his time. He used soft, teasing touches, letting himself relax enough that he could slip the tip of his finger into his body. It didn't burn—his body was used to taking a lot more than a finger—but it had been long enough that his muscles didn't want to give, and he began to carefully stretch himself. Once he managed to painlessly sheath his entire finger, he pulled out and added more lube before starting over with two fingers.Steve loved the feeling of his hole being stretched, and as he worked a second finger into his loosening entrance, his cock was slowly hardening against his stomach. He used his free hand to lightly stroke the length of his dick for a moment before taking hold of his leg and spreading himself wider for better access as he added a third finger.He tried to crook his fingers to find his prostate, but the angle was awkward. His wrist was just not flexible enough to let him play the way he wanted to. Losing patience with the teasing, he scissored his fingers roughly, trying to open himself up enough for the dildo as quickly as possible.Steve removed his fingers, moaning as his rim fluttered at the loss, and rolled over onto his knees. He picked up the dildo and coated it thoroughly with lube, stroking it the same way he would Thor's cock. The texture wasn't nearly as pleasing as Thor's soft, warm skin, but it still felt good in his hand.Once he was sure the dildo was as slick as he could make it, he reached behind himself and gently worked the head into his body. It took some doing because even though he had thoroughly stretched himself, the toy was enormous. It was actually bigger than Thor's cock, although not by much. Steve knew he should probably start with one of his smaller toys and work his way up, but he wanted the overfilled sensation that only something this large could bring him.There was a stinging sensation as he inserted the dildo that made his cock soften again, but it didn't take long for the pain to fade into a pleasant burn and then into the gentle ache that Steve loved. Once the initial pain passed, he pushed the dildo in further, pausing often to wait for his body to adjust. By the time he had finally managed to take the entire toy, he was breathing hard and felt as though he was being torn in two, but his dick was fully erect and leaking a steady stream of pre-come.Steve twisted his wrist and pulled the dildo out until the head caught just inside his rim. The tug on his muscles had him trembling and he thrust the toy back in. His walls gave more easily this time but other than a light graze, he missed his prostate. He adjusted the angle and tried again, repeatedly plunging the toy into himself, trying to get the pressure right. He was extremely flexible, but it was still hard to get the angle right when he was doing this to himself."Miss me?"Steve let go of the toy and looked over his shoulder. Thor was standing in the doorway, laughter crinkling the corners of his eyes. He probably should have h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Size Kink
Stretching kink
Anal Play
Fingerfucking
Fisting
Dildos
Sex Toys
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor

