Work Text:
   It manages to be funny for approximately eight minutes before it progresses into something more serious, at which point Tony grabs the hand of the Iron Man suit from off the floor and flicks on the repulsor.“Tony,” Bruce says warningly, taking a step forwards.Tony’s hand- which is holding the Iron Man hand- stays in place, but he holds off on shooting to say, “Aw, Brucie, you know I hate that tone-”“Because that tone always means that you’re going to either get us all killed or seriously injure us,” Bruce says, and it’s flatter than usual, due to the recent Hulkage- he’s always pissy when he dissolves back into Bruce, and less than half an hour ago the Hulk had brought an entire building down by falling through it, which has got to be at least slightly emotionally draining.Tony lets his bottom lip pout outwards. “Brucie, I’m hurt by the lack of faith you have in me.”In the corner, Clint folds his arms. “Yeah, well I’m sure we’ll all be hurt by the lack of skin we’ll have on if you-”“Breathe,” Steve cuts him off, looking remarkably calm for someone in this situation.‘This situation’ being waking up in SHIELD medical after both he and Tony had suddenly passed out for no fucking reason, at the same fucking time, in the middle of a fucking battle  with Loki that they had to get carried out of, and then woke up in unison with a red fucking string pulled tight between their little fingers.Tony’s first reaction had been, “What the fuck.”Steve’s reaction had been, “Language, Tony.”Anyway, Steve’s stupidly fucking calm and Tony’s kind of fucking pissed and everything fucking sucks, because they’ve tried untying it, cutting it, burning it, chewing it, and now Tony’s trying to shoot it and nothing works.“If this is your batshit brother’s idea of a prank,” Tony says, turning to Thor, who looks unabashed, “I will wring his neck with this fucking string.”Steve shoots Tony a glare that could make a politician spontaneously combust. “Tony, there is a lady in-”“Fuck, cunt, shit, Mitt Romney,” Darcy talks over him, and her smile turns into an innocent beam as Steve’s eyebrows shoot upwards. “This is only the second time you’ve met me, Cap, so I’m going to do us both a favour and excuse you. And I assume Tasha doesn’t count?”“’Course not!” Clint pushes himself off of the table where an agent is trying to examine a cut on his shoulder- unsuccessfully, because Clint likes being in medical almost as much as Tony does, which is to say not at all, to the point where they’d rather suffer cracked ribs than sign in- and slings one arm around Natasha’s shoulder. “Tasha’s one of the guys.”“Kindly remove your arm, Barton,” Natasha says, “Or I’ll remove it from its socket.”“Speaking of arms,” Steve says, “Lower yours, Tony. We’re not going to shoot at it.”“It’s string,” Tony says despairingly, but drops his arm as he speaks. “We’ve been up against Dr. Doom, Loki, and countless other ego-inflated evil geniuses with daddy issues, and I refuse to be beaten by a piece of fucking string.”“Obviously it’s maaaagic string,” Clint grins, wiggling his fingers in the direction of it- Steve is sitting up on one bed and Tony is on one a few meters away, giving the string a full meter to stretch across.Darcy shrugs, coming to stand in front of it. “Pretty sure that’s our best bet, Hotguy.”“It was funny the first t-”“It’s funny every time, and it totally sounds the same if you say it fast enough,” Darcy says, and reaches out to close a few fingers around the string.A few doctors have done it already, and it has the same result: even though Steve and Tony’s hands are both at their sides, when Darcy tugs it upwards, the pressure stays the same.“Huh.” Darcy pulls it higher, then out towards Steve, then up over her head, pinching it in her fingertips. “Not much slack.”“Not any slack,” Tony corrects her, the yank of the string around his finger just the same as it was before Darcy started pulling.“It adapts. It’s always tight, but even if you loop it around the statue of liberty- and I’m considering trying that, maybe it’ll take pity on Steve’s patriotism- it’s still going to be the same tightness. It can get longer, it can get shorter, but it won’t-” for the second time, he brings his hand to his mouth and shoves the string in between his teeth. “Fucking- break,” he finishes through his teeth, before letting it drop back, sighing loudly.Thor leans Mjolnir on the wall- he’s learned his lesson after breaking countless coffee tables after trying to prop it up on them- and folds his arms. “This does indeed sound like something my brother would bestow on you. Perhaps it gradually becomes lethal as the days pass.”“Thank you, Thor,” Tony says. “Glad to know one of us is looking on the bright side.”     

---
 Over the next two days it doesn’t become lethal, but it doesn’t come off, either.They can go wherever they want- walking around the tower, around SHIELD, etc- but there’s always the string stretched between the two of them, which five people hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
multiple side pairings

freeform: 
mentions of alternate universes
Alternate Universe - Soulmates

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
multiple side pairings

