Work Text:
Before the Avengers Initiative, Phil hadn't had any reason to visit his operatives' homes. They got called in when there was a mission, they stayed on base when they were on alert, and despite their complaints, none of them had ever actually been released from medical before they were safe to be alone. Before medical wanted to release them, yes, but not before they could handle themselves. He'd come close with Barton and Romanoff, if driving them home when they were high on painkillers could be considered close.
The Avengers changed everything. Fury had thought--everyone had thought--that the Initiative would be an occasional, even rare, last line of defense. But Thor had been right when he'd said that Earth had announced it was ready for a higher form of war. Suddenly fending off alien infiltrations (though not whole invasions...usually) and extra-dimensional villains and enhanced humans looking for power or glory became more of a weekly event. 
They couldn't afford to leave the team scattered over Earth and Asgard. They needed them on call. So SHIELD picked up a lot of Stark Industries’ contracts, Stark picked up the Avengers' tab, and Phil started making a lot more visits to what became Avengers' Tower, where Tony gave each member of the team a floor to themselves in deference to the fact that they were eternally on call, since there simply wasn't anyone else to take a shift.
With all the Avengers living in one place, and four of the six of them not otherwise affiliated with SHIELD, it soon became apparent that it was much more efficient to send Phil to see them when business arose than it was to try and wrangle them into coming to either SHIELD HQ or the Helicarrier. Privately, Phil thought Fury was playing a psychological card as well: if they only came to the carrier when there was a potential crisis, just being there underlined Fury's authority.
So whenever the routine things--overdue reports, background information packets, PR and a dozen other concerns--came up, Phil was sent on a field trip.
Stark's floor was immaculate, all open spaces and modern furniture and computer interfaces. It was pretty obvious that he spent most of his time bouncing between Stark Tower's ten floors of R&D and the floor he'd reserved as his own private lab, a stand in for his garage in Malibu. That area was a disaster of projects in progress, snack food, and discarded clothing.
Bruce's space was straight out of a catalog. Literally; he hadn't had much opportunity to accumulate possessions the last few years. That would change, Phil figured, but for the moment his floor was even more devoid of personality than Stark's.
Natasha's floor had to be redone twice to get in all the security upgrades she preferred, but Stark was good, so none of them were visible. Nevertheless, the first half the floor, the half that the elevator opened into, was a complete set of public rooms, bedroom included, that would do a hotel proud. Phil knew, because he had helped design the security, that behind those was a second set of rooms which was Natasha's true personal space. He'd never been invited there; he didn't expect he ever would be, no matter how much she trusted him. Natasha had never had a place that could be hers alone, that she felt confident no one else could invade. Stark had bought himself a lot of brownie points by making a place that even he couldn't peek into.
Thor's rooms were the dictionary definition of opulent. He couldn't bring anything from Asgard, but you'd never know it, visiting him. It was all gilt and plush cloth and deep pillows and a dining room that could host a feast (and probably would, one day).
Phil had thought that Steve's rooms would be a time capsule, a haven from this strange new world. Instead, they were a jumble of stuff from a range of sources that made Phil's head spin. It wasn't just the eclectic range of music and DVDs, it was kitchen utensils off infomercials and an actual game console and furniture from IKEA alongside designer dishes and board games and a dozen other things. Steve seemed determined to absorb as much popular culture as he could as quickly as possible, as if he'd accepted a mission and was going to see it through if it killed him. He spent a lot of time on the social floor.
But though Steve's rooms hadn't been what he'd imagined, Phil had only really been surprised by Clint's home.
He knew Stark had remodeled the floor a little, but he hadn't paid much attention to the details, since he hadn't been called in to consult. Stepping off the elevator onto Clint's floor for the first time, he had to blink. On the other floors, the elevator either opened directly into the living room, or into an antechamber of some sort. On Clint's floor, the elevator opened onto a large foyer done up in grass green carpet and lit as bright as day. Phil found himself looking up for a long moment, puzzled, because the ceilings seemed far higher than the other floors, higher than the infrastructure s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Get Together
Slow Build
Romance
Domestic

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

