Chapter 1: Assistant to the Stars
    




Chapter Text
    “Lissa, Tom has been asking for you for weeks!” growled a scolding voice over the phone.    “Rissa... You know exactly why I haven’t been able to work with him,” sighed the dark haired female as she slowly slid on a formal but beautiful green shirt.    “You really should tell him about how you feel.  You can’t just keep running away every time he goes out with a new girlfriend,” sighed her best friend and co-worker as she pulled on a pair of form fitting, black pants.    “I wasn’t hiding!” Melissa protested heatedly, earning a derisive snort from Marissa on the other end.    “Okay, so I was fucking hiding in the bottom of a wine bottle until he broke up with her; so what?  I have a job to fucking do!  Not only would my reputation be ruined if we started dating, I highly doubt he’d want to date someone like me anyway,” Lissa sighed, pulling up her hair into a ponytail.    “You have  got to be kidding me here!  Have you been ignoring the looks he’s been giving you?  What about the fact that he always asks for you to be his handler?  Before he met you, he never specifically asked for anyone,” her partner in crime pointed out, a triumphant tone to her voice.  Melissa could only grind her teeth in irritation as she put on a pair of black dress shoes.    “I know, I know.  I’ve heard it all before.  I just... I just can’t Rissa,” the twenty-eight year old sighed as she rushed out of her house and locked the door behind herself.    “Is this about Jeremy?  When are you gonna let him go?  That was two years ago,” her friend sighed, her voice sounding sympathetic despite her impatience.    “I can’t let the same thing happen again!  I honestly loved him Rissey!  You have no idea how devastating it was to break his heart like that,” the assistant replied in a pained voice as she got into her t-bird and revved the engine.  The old, black sports car started with a few hiccups and shudders, making dread settle in the pit of the young woman’s stomach.  She had gotten this car from her father long ago and had been able to keep it running despite growing repair costs.  Unfortunately even those fixes weren’t going to be enough.  Soon she would have to retire the reliable vehicle and the thought of it getting junked made her skin crawl.    “You’re the one that left  him  Melly,” her lifetime friend reminded calmly, making her already stressed emotions reach their breaking point.    “We’ve had this fucking conversation too many times to count!  What the fuck was I supposed to do?  They were all over him because of his dating someone so much younger than him.  They were ruining a career he had worked hard for because of me,” Melissa snarled, angry tears streaming down her paper white cheeks as she pulled out of her driveway with a squeal of her tires.    “You could have stayed with him!  You know you don’t leave someone because things get tough!  Did you leave when those pictures of me and Mike got passed around Highschool, making people call me a slut?  No, you called them the liars they were; despite the fact they never believed us!  What about that scandal someone tried to start about Sir Hopkins?  You denied the allegations right by his side, offering some much needed support during a tough situation,” Marissa reasoned, her voice laced with impatience.    “That was different!  None of those things were my fault!  I couldn’t watch everything he worked for get torn down because of me,” the dark haired woman hissed, leaning her forehead against her steering wheel as she came to a stop light.    “Jeremy still asks about you Mels...  You don’t have to see the look on his face every time I have to lie to him and tell him you’re with a client when you’re really in your office.  He hasn’t had a date since,” the red haired female sighed, her head shooting up as she saw Tom Hiddleston come walking into the office.    “And here’s Mr. Hiddleston himself.  Betcha anything he’s here to ask for you again,” the twenty-eight year old chuckled, waving her pink painted nails at the handsome actor.  Sure enough, the tall, lanky male headed right for her; a polite look on his oval face.  His normally short, ginger hair was now brushing his shoulders and dyed a raven black for his upcoming role in Thor: The Dark World, giving him a rather darkly sexy look.    “Morning Mari, is that Melissa you have on the phone there?” he practically purred, his accented voice doing pleasant things to her insides.  Oh, there were definite perks to working and living in England.    “Rissa, don’t you dare,” the emotionally exhausted female on the other end begged, sounding as if she was barely holding back sobs.  Just hearing her normally stoic friend like this made guilt shoot through the redhead in a thick wave.  Melissa was unendingly professional when she needed to be.  Only her close friends ever saw what she was like beyond the mask she wore.    “Sorry Tom, I don’t...,”  the dress wearing assistant beg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Jeremy Irons/Original Female Character(s) (Past Relationship)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe-ish
Fluffy
Angst
Oral
Biting
Dominant Behavior
Claiming
Instinctual behavior
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Pregnancy
graphic birth
Psychological Damage (Pertaining to Loki's Past)
Trust Issues
Possessive Sex
Rough Sex
Light Bondage
A lot of sex later story
expect the unexpected
Bloodplay

fandom: 
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Jeremy Irons/Original Female Character(s) (Past Relationship)

