Work Text:
Bucky went first, because he could see Sam would go too easy on him if he didn't get a chance to realize how much Steve liked it, and even Steve didn't think he could handle Thor right out of the gate. For Bucky it was like something out of a dream. He himself was big and strong, made of metal and muscle and scars; at the same time he had Steve under him, ninety-five pounds of milk-pale skin and prominent bones and a mouth that wouldn't quit."Harder, dammit," Steve snarled.Bucky gave him a kiss that was mostly a bite. He tasted blood and kept going, his hands grinding Steve's skinny wrists into the arm of the couch, his dick plunging into that tight little ass that he'd never completely forgotten. Every slap of skin sounded like a body blow. He didn't last long. Bucky hadn't imagined he could, not the first time. Not with this dream of Steve writhing furiously on his cock, spitting curses every time Bucky let him breathe. He was gasping them while Bucky gave a last few wild thrusts into his ass, coming harder than he had in a long time. When his vision cleared, he looked down at the body below him. Steve's cock was flushed a familiar purple-red, shockingly dark against his pale belly. Bucky remembered the taste of it, the weight and heat of it in his mouth. If he had a mind to be sweet right now, Bucky could get him off in nothing flat."That all you got?" Steve gasped, pushing against Bucky's grip on his wrists. Bucky glanced at the glittering gold wrapped around Steve's left wrist--Thor's contribution to the party, and the reason Steve was looking like his old self tonight. This was what Steve had wanted, blushing nine kinds of red before he stripped out of his clothes and put it on. He had put himself at their mercy, but that didn't mean he was going to ask them to be nice. Just about exactly the opposite, in fact. "That's all you get, if you're going to be a little punk." Bucky pulled free of the clutch of Steve's hot little body without bothering to be careful about it, standing up to look down at him. Bruises were rising on his wrists and hips already, his bitten lips were red, most of his face mottled pink with stubble-burn. His legs were still splayed wide, his hole all pink and wet from the use it had already gotten. Bucky looked over to the end of the oversized couch where Sam and Thor were waiting their turns. "I dunno, Sam. You think you can shut him up?""Oh, I doubt that." Sam was already naked, and he stood to trade places with Bucky without hesitation. His cock bounced against his belly as he did; clearly watching Bucky's turn had given him a few ideas. It only made sense. Nobody would put up with Steve and Bucky for as long as Sam had without liking to see them go at each other. "But I think I can give him something to make noise about."Steve pushed up on one elbow, mouth open on some smart remark he didn't quite have the breath for. He didn't get it out before Sam took Bucky's place, settling between Steve's skinny thighs and slamming home inside him. Steve's head went back and Sam followed, bending his head to bite kisses over his bared throat. Bucky sat down by Thor, who offered him a glass of heavily watered Asgardian mead--just enough to keep a nice buzz going, because it wouldn't do to get too fucked up to enjoy this party. He couldn't help staring at Sam and Steve together; it was honestly a tossup whether he preferred watching the two of them to mixing in with both of them.They made a whole different kind of contrast tonight, not just dark and light but big and small. Sam looked huge, nearly covering Steve completely. Steve was just making helpless noises now--hurting and hot all at once, to Bucky's experienced ear. He wouldn't push back against Sam the same way he did with Bucky; Sam wasn't even holding his hands down, but Steve left them stretched overhead. Sam braced on one hand, and used the other to explore Steve's body. He might just have been marveling at the smallness of him, except that Steve kept making those desperate sounds all out of rhythm with the slamming of Sam's cock, and Steve's pale skin showed everything. Red marks rose in the wake of Sam's fingers, pinches and scratches and little bruises marking everywhere he'd been. When Sam did put a hand on Steve's wrist, it was to knuckle at the marks Bucky had already left. He leaned low over Steve then, his lips at Steve's ear, fucking into him hard and fast. Steve arched under him and screamed, coming without a hand anywhere near his cock.Sam groaned and pushed up, giving him a last few hard thrusts. He fucked Steve through an orgasm that seemed to last forever before they both went still. Steve squirmed under Sam after a few breaths. When Sam pushed himself up he hauled Steve with him; Steve squirmed in his grip, looking wobbly as if he'd been at the mead himself. He didn't even manage to get a toe to the ground before Sam dumped him on Thor's lap. "All yours, big guy."Steve's hand had landed on Thor's cock, wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Magic
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Rough Sex
Spanking
Spitroasting
Sex Toy Mjolnir
other asgardian sex toys
Size Difference

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Thor

