Work Text:
 

~*~
Loki was angry.
How dare Thor? How dare his not-brother call him from his hidey hole to come fix a friend.A friend who happened to be the handsome but infuriating Tony Stark. The same Tony Stark who had outed himself as Iron Man, making him the same superhero who played Manhattan's savior with the Avengers.The same Avengers who had put him away, or at least, had attempted to.Loki shook his head, long locks tied up in a knot on his head. He wasn't in any Asgardian gear. He'd managed to escape from captivity a while ago, and had stayed on Thor's beloved Earth, just to spite everyone who had tried to keep him off.Thor had assisted him in his escape from Asgard under a few conditions:
"Brothe-"

"I am not your brother, Thor. When will that soak into your thick mane?!"

"Loki," Thor rectified, "I will allow you to live on Earth freely-"

"Who gave you the right to rule planet Earth, Thor? I am nearly positive Odin-"

"Watch your tone broth- Loki." Thor collected himself, taking a calming breath and standing to his full height, meeting the angry eyes of his not-brother. "I have a right to dictate your ruling, because it is my duty to protect you and the planet of which Jane adores whole heartedly. You will either agree, or be sent away against your will."

Loki bared his teeth, dark hair falling into his eyes. "Fine, Thor. Do what you will."

"I have some conditions of which must be met before I can allow you to go-"

"Get on with it, you infectious carbuncle."

"Do not tickle my fancy, my dearest brother."

Thor's grin was that of a mischievous child, and Loki had to stop himself from flicking his wrist and raining hell upon the man in the form of that healthy Migardian food the blonde despised.

Loki smiled, calm and mature.

"Of course, I'm so apologetic, my dear Thor."

The blonde laughed, shaking his head, "I believe my shield brother Tony would define this as sarcasm."

Loki's face softened at the thought of Tony. The man was an incredible sight, and Loki adored Stark's personality (probably because it was so much like his own).

The hero thing was a deal breaker at the moment. Loki still had issues concerning the Avengers.

Loki went stoic, nodding once. "I am sure that he would, now, Thor, get on with your conditions."

"Of course," Thor glanced around the top of the tower, where they had met in secrecy. "As you probably know, I will not tolerate any more of your destructive tendencies towards Earth or any of its inhabitants. This includes radical magic that could give off your location to the others."

"Noted."

"And secondly," Thor quieted, which was an odd look for him. "I want to remain in contact with you. I won't have you running off again into whichever realm you please. I need to know that you're safe. I want to reconnect our mind meld."

Loki sighed, flicking his wrist and reconnecting those invisible little strands that used to keep Thor and himself together, the closest of friends - of brothers.

It would be weird to be connected to another again, but if it got him freedom, Loki would do anything.

Eventually Thor had let him go, and by Gods, did Loki ever.

A moment after Thor's arms had crowded around him in a one way hug, Loki had transported himself to a beach off of New Zealand; he had always loved the people there.
New York wasn't as friendly of a place, Loki was reminded, shifting on a bench. He was a block from Thor (and in turn, the other Avengers - Tony included), hidden behind civilians clothing, seated next to a woman who looked older than Loki's actual age (if you can believe it) at a bus stop.Loki didn't let himself dwell on the fact that he was about to step into enemy territory, all because of his not-brother's voice ringing in his head from that bloody mind meld.'Loki, it's Thor-''I know who you are, idiot. Do you really believe that I have allowed another soul into my head?''Of course not.''Well, what is it you want?''I need your help.''Let your beloved Avengers help.''It is for them that I call assistance.''Nay Thor, I will not help the very people who were so joyed at the prospect of destroying me.''Loki, it is Tony.'Loki paused, swallowing down any momentary lapses of judgment that threatened to take over.'And?''And I know that you have feelings for him, remember Loki, I have been in your mind for months now.''I allowed you to do so out of confidence that you would resist temptation and stay away from my thoughts, Thor!''I cannot control the dreams of which you have while I am conscience, it is as clear as a motion picture. All of them involve my shield brother, Tony.'Silence followed Thor's revelation, and Loki nearly cut the cord on their connection, feeling vulnerable and open. The lady next to him looked at him as though he was crazy as he held a hand to his head and closed his eyes in order to speak to Thor.'What is wrong with him?''Magic, not of your doing, of course. We were battling a supernatural foe and the suit of armor that Tony wears was not en
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Feelings
Team bashing on Tony
Tony Whump
Minor Loki/Tony Stark
Deaf Character
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Magic
Deaf Tony
temporary disability
Good Loki
Protective Thor
Big Brother Thor

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

