Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The spring trade winds had set the ice to groaning the day Loki of Jötunheim learned he was to wed the Crown-Prince of Asgard. His mother, Laufey, First Scion of Jötunheim, passed the news in his usual abrupt manner, and Loki had little choice but to obey.He was at his magic when the summons came, tucked in his workshop high beneath the eaves of an abandoned tower. He dismissed the servant, stifling his sudden rush of fear, and took stock. To his knowledge, he had neither said nor done anything in the past week to enrage his liege, but such things could be difficult to predict. Absent any other reason, Loki supposed it was further harassment for his “antagonizing, needlessly attention-grabbing, and shameful” comportment. He sighed and went to see what his mother wanted.For the sake of his experiments he wore an old, ragged kilt, stained and torn, and none of his jewels. It was not fit apparel to see a king—but then, Loki was not a fit prince. He strode with his head held high, bracing himself with studied arrogance, and strove against his nerves. The throne guards opened the doors at his approach. Beyond, Laufey awaited, a shadow in the dimness. Loki came to meet him.Laufey pursed his lips in disapproval at his second son’s appearance. Loki savored it. He had long ago given up trying to please his mother. It would be easier for him to grow six feet upwards than it would be for Laufey to stoop to embrace his son, and at least by needling him Loki was guaranteed a reaction. His hair, caught in a simple plait down his back, seemed to grow heavier beneath his mother’s regard. He twitched it over his shoulder as he made his obeisance, draping it across his chest where it would be impossible to miss."You are full-grown, now," Laufey said, paying no mind to Loki’s insolence. "It is time you considered marriage."Loki’s jaw dropped, all his clever schemes chased away. "Marriage?""Yes, marriage." His mother snorted in irritation. "Come now, child, surely you did not expect to stay unwed for the duration of your otherwise useless life?"Loki gritted his teeth. He had expected no such thing, not with his particular political advantage, but to have it come so soon... "No, Honored Mother. I merely wonder at the identity of my intended, for to my knowledge there are no compatible matches available."The smile that spread over Laufey's craggy face was narrow and sharp. Loki had perfected one just like it, peering into a mirror until he succeeded in making his blood run cold. "Not among our allies, that is true—not even among our Elding cousins. But there are more possible unions than those, child.""I am not a child," Loki said, but despite himself he was curious. It was not often, these days, that Laufey caught the better of him."Indeed, not,” Laufey replied, but his smile vanished into seriousness. "Which is why I have accepted Asgard's offer to discuss your betrothal to his eldest son and heir."Once more Loki was rendered breathless with disbelief. "Asgard! You mean to wed me to Thor?""The same. The... Allfather is willing to sue for peace, the great fool, on condition of marriage. At least among the Æsir your runty stature will be no obstacle."Silence echoed between them, and Loki mustered himself. "Have I so wronged you, that you would cast me aside, thus?"Laufey's face was impassive. Your presence wrongs me, he didn’t have to say.Loki hid his hurt behind a withering scowl. It was an old pain, a deep pain, one he had known since he had asked his nurse why Mother didn't love him, and he had answered, "Because you are tiny, and not fit to be a prince." It was little more than simple truth, for Loki could never rule Jötunheim, land of the giants—but it had stung no less, for it fell on innocent, childish ears.He drew himself up, stiffening his spine with haughty pride. "I assume I am to be given no choice in the matter?""Absolutely not," Laufey snapped, his voice ringing through the icy hall. "This may be our chance to regain the Casket of our Foremothers, and you will neither squirm from nor sabotage the proceedings."A sinking feeling settled over Loki's heart. He could almost feel the Norns clasp their shackles about his wrists. He been an infant when Odin Bölverker had taken the Casket of Ancient Winters from the Temple, no more than three days old. It had been his birth that weakened his mother, caused him to misstep and fall before the Yggr's spear—at least, that is what Helblindi said.Helblindi also said Jötunheim had been great, once. It had taken Loki many years to understand the dark looks his older brother gave him at those times.Loki might not have understood the depth of Jötunheim's descent, but he understood he couldn't deny him this chance. He sneered. How elegant a snare his mother had constructed."Then I await your pleasure, Laufey-King," he said, and bowed. He didn't bother to wait for a dismissal."Show your h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
slowest of slow burns
Animal Sacrifice
spousal abuse
Attempted Rape
Infidelity
Miscarriage
Politics
Gender politics
Fantastic Racism
Torture
Body Horror
Earn Your Happy Ending
Gratuitous Norse Mythology
Questionable Biology
Florid prose
(So many politics)
Fantastic economics
Not MCU compliant
Not comics compliant

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

