Chapter 1





Chapter Text
So it was the day before school started and Stiles was minding his own business at home in the kitchen, his computer open with a fucktillion webpages on werewolves and magic (and okay maybe a porn site in the background, shut up it was soft-core). The house was quiet and Stiles was able to flick between three things at once without having to listen for Dad or the pitter-patter of werewolf footsteps.Just as Stiles decided he needed another sandwich, he heard his father's car pull into the driveway. He had just enough time to pull the newspaper over his sketchbook on the drawing of the latest weird creature in Beacon Hills, lock his laptop screen, and fling himself casually into a chair when his father appeared in the doorway.Father and son stared at each other for a moment. "Aren't you in the middle of a shift?" Stiles asked, unable to keep his mouth shut for longer than absolutely necessary. "Everything okay?"His father rubbed his hand over his face. "You're grounded," was all he said."Dad!" Stiles jumped to his feet, upending his chair and nearly toppling to the floor. "What the actual hell!"He frantically tried to remember what he'd been doing in recent days that might have set his father's law-and-order instincts off. Sure, there might have been a spot of perfectly justifiable grave robbing the previous week, but Stiles and Derek had been trying to save Isaac from a succubus and that totally took precedent."You're grounded forever," Dad said, chopping at the air with his hand. "In fact, we should talk military school."Stiles flapped his jaw, but no words came out. He gestured wildly in what he hoped conveyed, are you insane?His father walked over to the fridge and pulled out the orange juice. Such an innocuous action jump-started Stiles' mouth. "What? When? More specifically, what?"Dad knocked back a mouthful of juice and put the empty container in the sink. "This town is dangerous, Stiles.""Yeah, Dad, I got that memo a year ago," Stiles snapped. "So what?""More dangerous than you know," Dad shot back, leaning against the counter.Stiles highly doubted that, because if there was more shit out there than what he'd already been dealing with, he was just fucking done. Instead, he tried to drag his mind back into normal law enforcement mode. "So, what, new sex offender in town?" he asked. "Serial killer? Is it an election year?"The glare Stiles got was pure Stilinski bitchface, but at least his dad wasn't freaking out anymore. "You need to listen to me. You're grounded until school starts.""Great," Stiles said, throwing his hands wide. "Fine. Sure. Are we done? I need to meet Scott in an hour."Dad huffed, frustrated. "You're not listening to me, this place is-""Dad! It's Beacon Hills, it's the same as it's always been!" And the sad, sad thing was, Stiles wasn't even lying. Beacon Hills had always been full of werewolves and witches and hunters and other crazy shit, even if the people in town refused to see the truth. "I'm fine!"Which also wasn't a lie. He may have spent a year being fate's bitch, his best friend being a werewolf and the whole town a festering cesspool of weird, but that was just Stiles' new normal. He was fine. No big fucking deal.Dad's attention focused on Stiles like a laser-sight, and he was moving across the kitchen, grabbing Stiles' shoulders and pulling him into a too-tight hug, like Stiles was a little boy with a snuffly nose and scraped knees, not the man Stiles was.A short, scrawny, nearly-always terrified man with perfectly justifiable anxiety attacks and more than a hint of PTSD, but still."I need to know you're safe," Dad said against Stiles' hair. "You get that, right?"And Stiles did, because he spent every day feeling the same way about his father. "Yeah, Dad."Dad let Stiles go, ruffling his hair as he did so. Stiles made a face, ducking away."I have to go back to work," Dad said, picking his hat up off the table. As he did so, he upended the concealing pages on top of the drawing of Beacon Hills' latest supernatural visitor. Stiles steeled himself for a question, ready with a quip about his artistic ability, but Dad just gave the drawing a long look, and put his hat back on his head. He cleared his throat. "You be careful," he cautioned."Like a bull in a china shop," Stiles promised. His father appeared unconvinced, but he walked out the door, leaving Stiles once again alone.Stiles waited until he heard his father's car drive away, before slumping into his chair and letting his head thump against the wooden table.What in the name of fuzzy werewolf dreams was that?"I hate you."Scott looked up from the side of the road, looking wounded. "I didn't do this!" he protested.Stile poked once more at the jumble of wires under the jeep's hood. "I'm not talking to you, fur-head," he snapped. "What the hell am I supposed to do with this?""For the last time, call a tow truck," Scott said. "I don't know anything about car engines and neither do you."Stiles pushed a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Secret Identity
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Family Secrets

fandom: 
None
