Chapter 1: Too Many Fallen, Too Many Failed
    




Chapter Text

Soundtrack: Fortress – Pinback

 You and a Test of Will 
Nat was at his apartment door again, dressed in a slinky black dress like she meant to go out. She, unlike Bucky, had probably bathed sometime in the last week. His clothes said something more along the lines of “depressed asshole” in a dingy bathrobe and threadbare plaid boxer shorts.“We’re going out,” Nat said, a decisive hand on one hip, one brow raised in challenge.“Do I look like I’m going out?” Bucky replied. He started to close the door, but Nat stuck her shoe forward between the frame and forced her way in. Bucky had the physical strength to put up a fight, he knew he did, but he didn’t have the emotional will, so he let Nat into his apartment and closed the door behind her, quietly.“We’re going out,” Natasha repeated.Bucky stared at her, flooded by embarrassment at the state of his living space. Dirty dishes and empty beer bottles crowded his kitchen counter and his coffee table. A pile of dirty laundry overflowed from the basket by the door. He meant to take it downstairs to the washers last week…or maybe two weeks ago. Time ran together.“Come on,” Natasha said, “You haven’t been out in like a month. It smells like ketchup in here and you look like you haven’t slept in a year when I know that’s all you’ve been doing. You won’t talk to anybody that can help, so we’re going out. You’re going to meet me halfway.”Bucky sighed. He asked, “Who’s going? Where are we going? Why are you doing this?”Since Natasha arrived back from Afghanistan – several months after Bucky’s arm got blown off and the army discharged him – she made her mission to take care of him, to make sure that he was taking care of himself. They took care of one another overseas, she said, and now she would take care of him here. Already, she was doing much better than Bucky. She went to the VA. Didn’t talk much, so she said, but she liked to listen to the people that did talk. Met a fella at her group. They were taking it slow.Meanwhile, the weight of Bucky’s desire to blink out of existence consumed him.“Just me, Clint, and Clint’s friend.”Clint did three tours in Iraq. He came back minus 80% of his hearing, but with all of his limbs. He seemed all right.“Army buddy?” asked Bucky.“You’ll like him,” Natasha swore, “He’s a lowkey guy, kind of shy.”“Clint’s friends with somebody shy?” Bucky asked.“Yeah, I know. I promise you’ll like him.”“Them’s fighting words, Nat,” said Bucky, but he knew that he had lost. He didn’t bother telling her this; judging by the glint in Natasha’s eye, she already knew.Bucky shed his robe and boxers in the bathroom, unhooked his arm (he could have the thing on if he wanted, but getting soap scum between the plates sucked a fat one), and ducked into his shower. The thing blew hot and cold, so any shower that he took had to happen quick. Five minutes later, he ran a comb through his hair, one-armed, before he took the prosthetic and hustled to his bedroom. Nat didn’t bat a lash as he walked past in a towel with his metal arm clenched in his flesh hand. Nothing she hadn’t seen before. Nat was his best friend – the only one that had ever seen what he looked like minus several layers of clothes and disdain.Thing was, Bucky was scarred up before he went to play war. It wasn’t that he didn’t have a family that loved him, but that he was born with a chemically imbalanced brain, took sharp shit to his wrists and landed in the mental ward more than once. His ma cried about it but never let him see. Bucky promised that he wouldn’t let her see him as bad as he got ever again, so he hadn’t called since he came back from overseas. He texted Becca, but the texts were less conversations and more hey I’m not dead.At eighteen, he cleaned up his act long enough to get his GED and work a couple jobs. Bucky saw an ad to join the army before a movie that he went to see by himself, and he figured, why not? It would be better than working his ass off for peanuts.Two – and part of a third – tours in Afghanistan, and Bucky returned sans an arm and what remained of his sanity. He spent hours sitting for a sleeve of tattoos on his flesh arm so that he wouldn’t cut anymore. He knew if his skin weren’t covered in expensive artwork that he’d cave in and draw blood. He wasn’t healthy – but he was afraid to just give up and off himself.Bucky dried off before he reattached his arm (state-of-the-art, Stark Industries shit) and pulled on a long-sleeved Henley and the first pair of jeans he identified on his floor. When he exited his bedroom, Natasha handed him his wallet and keys.As Bucky laced boots onto his feet, Nat laid a firm hand on his shoulder. She said, “If you need out, just signal me. We’ll go. But at least try, okay?”“Yeah, fine,” Bucky said.“We’re just going to be at the bar down the street. Erskine’s. Steve knew the owner before he went into the service, I guess. I scoped it out for you beforehand. We’ll have a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Amputee Steve Rogers
Recovery
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Tattooed Bucky Barnes
Artist Steve Rogers
Memories
Trauma
tags will be added as needed
Self-Harm
past self-harm
Self-Hatred
Anxiety
Service Dogs
POW Steve
Prisoner of War
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Nightmares
Smut
Blow Jobs
Switch Steve
Switch Bucky
discussion of suicidal thoughts

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

