Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
“This absolutely cannot be the best solution to this problem.” Darcy was well aware that she was beginning to sound petulant as she stood in Phil Coulson’s office with her arms firmly crossed.
“As I have repeatedly explained,” he said, pinching the bridge of his nose with a sigh, “we no longer have the same kind of resources to build covers that we once did.”
“But this isn’t even a cover!” she exclaimed, for probably the fifth time.
“He needs public legitimacy and stability, you need protection. We don’t have the resources to fake that with covers.” Phil’s calm demeanour was beginning to fray ever so slightly at the edges.
Darcy huffed in exasperation, leaning against the wall and pressing two fingers to her temples as if she could make this whole situation go away by pressing hard enough.
“And how exactly does this provide him with legitimacy and stability again?”
“I creates a public record, ties his assets to someone with a social security number that doesn’t raise all sorts of questions, and doesn’t hurt his public image.” This was a rote response by this point.
“And explain to me why I need protection?” at this point, she was well aware she was just spinning out the inevitable.
“Your name was released with the SHIELD files. There are plenty of groups out there who are interested in what you know and will take advantage of your lack of SHIELD training.” At this, Phil looked at her with something approaching sympathy.
Damn him and those scrunchy concerned lines around his eyes that reminded her ever so slightly of her Dad. Oh god, what were her parents going to think?
She sighed heavily and sunk into a chair across from Coulson’s desk.
“Let’s just suppose for a minute that I did agree to this obviously insane plan,” she started cautiously, “what would the first step be?”
She could see Phil try very hard not to look relieved that this ordeal was approaching an end.
“Well,” he said, “Meeting the guy might be a good start.”
“Fine,” she said listlessly, “set it up.”
“To be clear Ms. Lewis,” Phil started carefully, “are you agreeing.”
She let out one more long suffering sigh, “It’s not forever right?”
“No,” he assured her, “Just until things calm down and until SHIELD or the Avengers have the resources to manage this in another way.”
“Then yes,” she said, “I am agreeing, so long as he does too.”
“Sergeant Barnes will follow orders,” said Phil far too casually, “He’s waiting outside, I’ll just call him in.”
“What?!” exclaimed Darcy, but it was far too late. She didn’t even have a moment to smooth down her hair before Phil walked out into the hall and came back moment later towing one of the dourest looking men Darcy had ever set eyes on.
She stood up with a start, almost knocking over the chair and probably earning herself an impressive bruise on her thigh.
“Sergeant Barnes,” said Coulson, “Meet Darcy Lewis. Ms. Lewis, Sergeant James Buchannan Barnes.”
The two of them just stood there, avoiding each other’s gaze.
Coulson coughed uncomfortably.
“Well,” he said after a very awkward silence, “we will start discussing strategy tomorrow. For now, I’ll just leave you to get acquainted, if you like.”
He slipped out of the office with remarkable haste.
There was a long and very uncomfortable silence. Sergeant Barnes was standing ramrod straight, his gaze somewhere over her left shoulder.
It didn’t look like he was about to start this incredibly awkward conversation.
“So,” she said tentatively, tucking her hair behind her ear, “I guess we’re getting married?”
+
+
“Oh my GOD Jane, it was the WORST!” Darcy moaned as she flopped across Jane’s bed. Stark tower wasn’t exactly where she wanted to be right now, as it was apparently where the sad marble statue of a man she was supposed to marry for her own protection lived, but Jane assured her that he was on a different floor and never ventured up to the common space near Jane’s apartment. “He didn’t even TALK to me! Just nodded awkwardly until I left!”
“Thor’s offer is always open you know,” said Jane, rummaging through her kitchen to find glasses for the tequila she had pilfered from Tony’s stash.
“So my options are get married to a stone wall or completely leave my whole life behind and hang around doing nothing in Asgard?” she said in a whine, muffled by Jane’s bedding.
“Yes,” said Jane, “those are your choices.”
“Can’t I just take my chances?” she tried, rolling over on to her back as Jane came in with glasses.
“Absolutely not,” said Jane firmly, setting two shot glasses down on her bed side table, filling them, and passing one to Darcy. “Now take this and tell me all about your fiancé.”
Darcy glared at Jane but pulled herself up to a sitting position, resting beside Jane where she had settled against the head board. After the tequila had stopped burning its way down her throat, she let out a long sigh.
“I get it, I do. I know that this is SHIELD and the Avengers trying to help but its just so...” she made a waving gesture with her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
sham weddings! sham weddings for everyone!

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

