Chapter 1: Family, Meet Gobbie
    




Chapter Text
My first thought was 'Oh shit, no.'  My first action, however, came before my first thought.  I was jumping from the Tower onto a glider with the Goblin.  Okay, that was probably not the best idea, considering I wasn't in costume and I might have done it right in front of my adoptive parents.  Adoptive parents that just so happened   be Avengers.  And in front of Bucky, formerly known as the Winter Solider – ex-assassin of Hydra and Pops' old friend.  From the gasps when I took off, I could tell that I was going to be lectured forever by Iron Man and Captain America (dad and pops).  Yup, I was going to be in so much trouble when this was over.
At this point though, there was nothing in my mind but protecting my family and stopping Osborne from destroying more of my life.
“Didn't want your family to join us, Peter?  That's too bad.” The Goblin cackled as he grabbed my wrists and I struggled to gain the upper hand.  “This is just between you and me, Gobbie,” I countered.  Which was totally the wrong thing for me to say apparently because the Goblin just smirked in a creepy way and replied with his voice dripping in a sweet sounding venom.  “Well then, it looks like I get you all to myself.”
Vaguely I heard my family yelling and shouting at me.  Pops must've been scrambling to get to his shield, while Bucky and Tony were scrambling from their weapons and his suit, respectively.  Bucky was never the type to sit by and do nothing though, so that was probably him who threw the bottle of alcohol at the Goblin, grabbing his attention.  Fuck.  The Goblin let go of one of my wrists in preparation to lob a pumpkin bomb back at the Tower.  Well, there was no way I was going to let him do that.  At least he'd let go of one of my wrists, so I was able to web the bomb to his hand.  Genius, you might think.
Unless you were aware that I was still stuck on the glider with him.  If you were aware, you'd know that was probably one of the stupidest things I could have done.  “Fool!” Goblin shouted in anger.  “Do you know what you've done!?”  The glider spun about suddenly and his grip on my wrist grew painfully tight.  I almost think I heard a loud pop.  “What?  Didn't finish the items on your bucketlist?”  I quipped, ignoring the growing implication that I might not make it out of this. The Goblin growled, hatred and a bit of something I couldn't quite describe.
"Well, well, well Peter, if you wanted to get closer, all you had to do was ask."  And yeah, hearing the Goblin say that creeped me the heck out.  There was no way that I was giong to be able to forget the last time the Goblin grabbed me in my civilian identity.  Yeah, no.  That was how Carnage had first come about.  Fucking Osborne.  There is no way in hell I was going to let Goblin have at anymore.  At least, anymore than I could help it, which was a bit disconcerting.
I kept ignoring that little tingle in the back of my head, because 'duh, I know I'm totally about to get blown up!'  Besides, there was more danger from my parents and the other Avengers.  Mentally I cringed at the thought of that talk in the future.  Although, on the plus side, the bomb was about to explode, so maybe there wouldn't be a future.  ~And that was totally a thought I did not want to have.  I might have been on the edge after the Goblin killed Gwen, but I was not ready to join her when New York still needed Spider-Man.
As if I needed more convincing, I remembered that Matt would kick my ass if I'd let myself die so easily.  Yeah, totally freaking scary.  'Time to get the fuck outta here,' I thought as I ignored the pain in my wrists and kicked my leg out, catching Goblin in the stomach.  Another leg flew up to meet his face, as my elbow fell into the arm still holding my wrist and I felt his bone crack beneath me.  As soon as he let go, I was ready jumping from the glider.  Just my lovely Parker luck that I barely managed to get him to let go and the bomb goes off.  'FML' was my last thought as the fire burned through my clothes and seared my skin, the force of the blast, throwing me back towards Avengers Tower, which I barely registered as my sight went black from shock and pain.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superfamily
Friendship/Love
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Secret Identity
Secret Identity Fail
Peter is Spider-Man
SHIELD
Human Experimentation
Trauma

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

