Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Matt is sitting in his cage at the back of the shop. It’s not a bad cage as things go, tucked at the back under shelves of cleaning supplies. They make his nose itch but it’s better than being in one of the cages near the front stacked four deep. It means he’s less likely to be sold but there’s no point wasting prime selling space on a defective like him. He still appears in the catalogue and on the website. At the last shop they tried marketing him as a specialty but apparently if people want blind slaves, they want to blind them themselves. The shop owner had kicked him a few times in exasperation but then made the best of a bad job and sold him on to make up the numbers in a job lot.
He’s getting close to his eighteenth birthday at which point it becomes legal to put a slave down. Not, of course, that slaves don’t get killed before their eighteenth birthday but it’s kinda frowned upon and shops where it happens too often end up being picketed by the abolitionists which is bad for business.
Being put down isn’t the worse fate he can imagine so Matt isn’t particularly bothered about the encroaching date but lately he’s been thinking it might be fun to escape. He doubts he’d get far but the pleasure of getting this owner into trouble with the government-sponsored Slave Protectionists – it’s illegal to let a slave escape because they might hurt themselves away from their owner’s care, Matt has no idea how they passed that law with a straight face – would make it worth it. He wouldn’t have done it to his last owner, who was pretty decent all in all, but this one, yeah, if there’s a chance Matt can mess him up, he’s going to take it.
He’s not particularly bothered but he still notes the jaunty tring of the bell as a new customer enters. Two of them; one female, older, fluttery heart-beat, nervous, anticipatory; one male, older teenager, heartbeat flopping all over the place. The owner moves forward, heart upticking in excitement. The other slaves shift forward in interest because they think getting a read on a possible future owner will make things easier.
Matt goes back to his doze.
The poke in the arm makes him jump.
“Hey,” says the male customer.
“Can I help you, sir?” asks Matt politely because all the cages are wired to the mains, electric shocks hurt, and he doesn’t trust his current owner not to get curious about how many shocks it would take for Matt’s heart to stop.
“I’m Foggy. What’s your name?”
“What would you like it to be, sir?”
The teenager’s scent sours and Matt’s sorry for it. Previously it was fresh and amazingly free of slave-scent for a purchaser. Almost like sunshine, or as close to sunshine as Matt will ever feel again.
He moves his lips into a smile, “You can call me Matt.” He’d like to be called Matt again. Three owners ago they changed the name on his papers, Tristram is a stupid name.
“Matt,” says the teenager, brightening all over. “Why do you have a bandage over your eyes? Are you hurt?”
“My eyes don’t work and scare off potential purchasers.”
“Oh.” There’s a pause, then, “Can I see?”
Matt shrugs. He’s not supposed to let anybody see his freaky gaze but this was a direct order. It’s one of those times he’s screwed whatever he does, so he does what he wants and wriggles the bandage up over his eyes.
“See,” he challenges, not sure what response he’s trying to provoke.
“That’s not scary at all.”
“I wouldn’t know.” 
“Guess you wouldn’t.”
At the other end of the shop the older woman, presumably his mother, they share the same warm scent, says as her voice grows louder in exasperation,
“And where has the dratted boy got to, Foggy?”
“I’m here Mom. I found the one I want.” And he hooks his fingers through the mesh of Matt’s cage.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

