Work Text:
"You know," Steve says, over his comm line, "if the Goblin spends any more time trying to break into Stark Resilient, I think Mr. Stark will have to start charging him rent.""Pretty sure he's got a solid claim to adverse possession by now," Hill's voice tells him over the comm. "My sweep indicates he's in the twelfth basement level. The heat levels indicate he's burning his way up. Apart from the fall-out, it's a smart plan. Totally bypasses Stark's perimeter sensors.""Copy that. Should I intervene?""Our program suggests the elevator shaft two corridors over should — Hold a second. Wait for new orders. Remain covert. The system's going crazy."Steve resists the urge to snort. He always has to when SHIELD gives him a 'stay covert' order. If they wanted him to blend into the shadows so much, perhaps dressing him in bright blue, red and white wasn't the best direction to go.Steve only minds the uniform when he's trying to hide. In the troubled atmosphere of post-Battle-of-New-York America, and the vigilante superhero culture that had risen after Dr. Selvig's tragically heroic death, the country needs all the reassuring symbols it can get its hands on.Of course, most of the American public seem to think "Captain America" is a string of regular soldiers, taking up the mantel of America's first superhero. They have no idea it's the same Steve Rogers who survived seven decades frozen in ice.The country needs heroes but doesn't believe in miracles. Steve doesn't blame them one bit.He leans against the wall, hoping someone might temporarily mistake him for a flag (it's happened!) while he waits for Agent Hill to get back to him."Four floors up," Hill says, a few moments later. "I did a heat sweep and there's only one heat source with a distinctive pattern. And he's hovering outside Stark's Weapon Development Lab.""Iron Man," Steve says, realising. "On it.""Do you need directions?""This is the seventh time in five years someone's made a hit on Stark's Weapon Lab that I've been called in on. I think I can remember the way.""Copy that. Two patrols are scheduled, regular pattern. If Goblin has mercs on scene, the temp's too cool to register on the scan, so there shouldn't be any group bigger than four as an obstacle.""Thanks, Agent Hill. Comm silence for now. I'll bounce you a signal if I need any extra support.""Be careful, Captain," Hill tells him, and the buzz sounds in Steve's ear to inform him she's disconnected."Always am," Steve responds, telling empty air.The super serum that gave Steve his powers, as well as apparently the capacity to survive decades under deep freeze, also gave him eidetic memory. While there are downsides to that (remembering the face and name of every soldier dead from his command in WWII is always going to haunt him) there are upsides too. And that includes the fact that if Steve's been somewhere once, coming back a second time is nice and familiar.Seven times, and the place practically feels like home.It's much easier to be stealthy when feeling this comfortable with an environment, even though he's curious as to what must be so interesting that it means taking on the paranoid levels of surveillance and security that Stark Tower's owner — the reclusive billionaire, Tony Stark — lathers the place in.Despite Steve's confidence and familiarity with the place, the bland military grey corridors do start to look similar after a couple of minutes, and Steve has a moment of doubting himself until he sees first a scorch mark, and then a couple of unconscious security guards.The first is definitely Iron Man's handiwork. Steve's caught the edge of one of those hand blasts, and even though it didn't hit him straight on, he could definitely feel the heat of it. Iron Man's a lethal weapon — it's easy to see why he's considered a national threat.Also there's the fact he's seen flying around with supervillains from time to time. That's kind of a clue too. One that Steve doesn't exactly like so much. Because Iron Man doesn't always act like a villain around him unless the public's around.Agent Fury says that's probably part of Iron Man's schemes. To get Captain America on his side. Whoever has Captain America, Fury says, has some pretty big currency.Trust a super spy to make Steve feel like a dollar bill.The men are unconscious, not dead. Which is a clue that they're Iron Man's handiwork too — despite the nuclear bomb Iron Man infamously carried during the Battle of New York, which would have killed Manhattan's ten million in one fell swoop, Iron Man seems to have a distaste for spilling blood.Steve looks down at them appraisingly. The men are messily unconscious, blood dribbling down one man's forehead. Iron Man seems to be nicer to employees of tax-paying organisations as opposed to rogues and mercenaries. Iron Man wouldn't knock out his own men, ergo, these are the Goblin's mercs.Therefore Iron Man's working against the Goblin. Not with him. Steve wonders if he should radio this titbit in, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Alternate Universe
marvel-bang
Podfic Available
Comic book office au

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

