Chapter 1: The Widow and the Witch
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1: The Widow and the WitchNatasha was made for a solitary life. Molded into a one woman killing machine by a program that allowed no room for attachments and punished weakness. In the Red Room the girls were taught to be self sufficient- rely on no one but yourself. Helping or being helped by another was the best way to catch a bullet between the eyes. Natasha had not become the most formidable Black Widow ever produced by making friends. No, Natasha wasn’t exactly what you would call a team player.
But here she was. The great Black Widow, part of a team made of super soldiers, gods, and metal men (annoying metal men). When Clint brought her into S.H.I.E.L.D and vouched for her it had been just the two of them for a long while. It took time, but eventually Natasha got somewhat comfortable with Clint watching her back- even trusting him to not get her killed. The second aliens came raining down from the sky and the Tesseract nearly destroyed the world, things had changed. And then S.H.I.E.L.D fell, and she found out that despite her best efforts to make a change, to lie for the right people, she had been stupid enough to be running missions for HYDRA. After that she disappeared for a while. A Black Widow was no good without covers- espionage is about staying hidden and not dumping all of your secrets onto the internet. But somehow she found herself in Sokovia (well part of it), working with the Avengers to stop Ultron. After, when she went to run again, Steve stopped her. He convinced Natasha that she could still be a force for good, more than the assassin that was born out of the Red Room. She didn’t need to disappear or run anymore. Everyone had dispersed, gone their own ways, but Cap had asked her to stay and help train the new recruits.  Now she found herself stuck in a communal lifestyle she was not made for. Luckily Tony had made various floors of the new Avengers facility into living quarters for each occupant.
Now it was up to her and Steve to train the new recruits how work as a team (ironic if Natasha thought about it). Training had been progressing smoothly, but they were still nowhere near ready to save the world from its next disaster. Rhodey and Sam both had military training and knew how to work as a unit. Cap seemed to feel most at home with the two of them. The Vision, well he was an android with infinite knowledge, flight, enhanced strength, and god knew what else- she wasn’t quite sure what, if any, training was required with him. More often she found him regarding everyone with intense curiosity. Often he watched, head tilted, as Sam and Rhodey joked about who was better, taking in and studying their interactions.  He had once told Steve he found human beings to be curious creatures, that he enjoyed observing and learning about all the aspects he himself did not possess.And then there was the girl, Wanda. Natasha had kept her distance-a very large distance. Wanda had turned her mind inside out in Wakanda, reached in and saw things she had no right to see. Since Pietro’s death Wanda’s powers had been erratic, they were tied to her emotions. Natasha saw Wanda was trying to keep herself together, but her intense grief was the cause of her lack of control. Natasha had no desire to get pulled inside out again, that and her anger meant she avoided Wanda whenever possible. Natasha had been unmade, pulled apart and made anew in the Red Room; her childhood and teenage years full of violence, death, control, and the abuse of her mind.  When she voluntary came to S.H.I.E.L.D the Black Widow had agreed to their version of reprogramming. The memories of who she was, what she had done, and who had made her were all still there. But, she had buried them deep and only saw them again in her nightmares. When Wanda had forced her way inside Natasha’s mind she saw the real Black Widow, the woman who hid behind a fake name and a false personality that was malleable to fit any situation. Natasha was a fiction, a creation of hers, there was very little that was genuine about Natasha Romanoff. Hell, even her hair came from a bottle. Deep down she would always be Natalia Alianovna Romanova.  Like she had told Bruce, she had a dream…. a dream that she was an Avenger and that she did good and could maybe wipe out some- even the smallest drop of red that stained her ledger. But really she knew she was kidding herself, that it was all a fantasy- what the witch pulled out of her was the truth; red was her color. From her hair to the blood red painted on her nails, to the brains and blood of countless victims splattered all over the floor- she could never get rid of that much red. All the girl did was remind her of who she really was, who she always would be. There was no running from Natalia and the Red Room. For that she was avoiding the young Sokovian- she didn’t want anywhere near the one person in the facility who knew her better than anyone; who saw 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanoff

freeform: 
Femslash
Oral Sex
Lesbian Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Lesbian Character
Marvel Universe
Pre-Civil War (Marvel)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Fluff
Red Room (Marvel)
Civil War (Marvel)
Infinity (Marvel)
Inhuman Skye | Daisy Johnson
Eventual Happy Ending
Maybe - Freeform
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
Natasha Romanov Has Issues

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanoff

