Work Text:
July 30th10:00 am Summer in New York: hotter than the gates of Hell. Steve shuts the apartment door and stands for a moment in the welcome cool. Then he sets a grocery bag - his reason for braving the outdoors in the first place - on the kitchen counter."Buck..?" he calls softly. No answer, but that's not too unusual. Steve heads for the bedroom.The smell of oil meets him halfway. And when he pokes his head through the door, there's his boyfriend: Bucky is sitting on the bed, electric fan pointed at him full-blast, using a cloth to rub oil into his metal arm. He's been doing a lot of that lately. Sweat and metal do not a good combo make. He gives Steve a glance and goes back to scrubbing."How's it going?" Steve sits down next to him."It's way too hot to be this pregnant."Steve chuckles. It's way too hot for just about everything, really. "Well, I got us some more ice." Bucky gives a noncommittal grunt to show that he heard, and continues scrubbing his arm with a vengeance. "Here-" Steve gently takes the cloth from his hand. He can get the hard-to-reach places. Bucky doesn't argue, just lays back cradling his belly, and Steve goes to work. The fan drones sleepily."...Steve?""Mm?""...I think I'm in labor."Steve stops dead. "You - really??"Bucky's staring at the ceiling, more contemplative than anything. "Yeah. Contractions on and off since last night." he sighs. Then he splays his fingers across his belly, and his mouth quirks up in a half-smile. "We're gonna be parents, Stevie."Shock gives way to a wide grin. "Yeah, we are." oOo1:00 pm The peace and quiet doesn't last long. The contractions are finding a rhythm, and Bucky gets antsy. He gives up oiling his arm to pace the apartment; Steve keeps himself busy by getting things ready and making the necessary calls. One of these calls is to their midwife, a 30-something woman who reminds Steve a little of Natasha (Bucky can't stand Bruce, and he likes hospitals even less, so they decided on a midwife pretty early in the pregnancy). Her name is Ann. Bucky likes her okay, which is good enough for Steve. It's more than Bucky likes most people.And so they wait.The pain isn't quite as restless once it becomes regular. Bucky's able to sit on an exercise ball for a while and even take a bath, although he abandons the latter to claustrophobia pretty quickly. Steve comes back from draining the tub to find him on the ball again, clutching the edge of the mattress in a deathgrip. His metal hand's already torn through the fabric layers. Steve's learned by now how to recognize the contractions as they come, and - if the tension in Bucky's face is anything to go by - they're getting worse. A few springs snap as he approaches. As the contraction ends, Steve gathers Bucky's hair away from his face and pulls it into a loose ponytail. Bucky lets out a slow, whooshing breath and mutters his thanks. Then he slowly releases his hold on the mattress. A sizeable hunk of stuffing and some bits of springs fall to the floor."Damn. Sorry...""Don't worry about it." Steve scoops them up and tosses them in the trash. "How long was that one?"Bucky squints at the bedside clock. "Thirteen minutes. Ish." he flexes his other hand. "Where's Ann?""She said to call when the contractions were at three minutes, remember?""Mm." Bucky flicks a strand of hair out of his eyes, sits up straighter. "Long way to go until then..." brown eyes look up into blue. "It's really happening, though. We're actually gonna meet him.""We are indeed." Steve plants a kiss on Bucky's hair, and feels him smile. It's a nice moment. "Twelve minutes to the next one. Are you good here, or do you wanna move?"Bucky puts a hand on his belly as though asking the baby's opinion. "...Move, I think." he plants his other hand on the bed and starts to push himself upright; when Steve moves in to help, he bats him away. "I got it, I got it." he stands up, scoots the exercise ball none-too-gently out of the way, and sets off.Steve smirks, and trots to catch up. oOo4:00 pm Now Bucky's returned to the bedroom. He's planted in the middle of the room, cross-legged with his palms flat on the floor, just concentrating. His head lolls back; first to one shoulder, then the other. The contractions have narrowed to just under ten minutes. Steve wants nothing more than to just be close to him, try to help him through this. But he also knows his boyfriend. He knows that when Bucky's really stressed he doesn't want anyone near him, much less trying to touch him. So he hangs back and watches. If Bucky needs help, he'll know.After an hour or so of sitting, the contractions have lost another minute. A deep tiredness seems to settle over Bucky. He grabs a throw pillow and lays back with it under his head, and before long he's dozing. That's when Steve finally intervenes. Slowly and cautiously, so as not to startle him (Bucky is one of those who punches when startled), he approaches his boyfriend and lays a hand on his shoulder."Hey." he whispers.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mpreg
Pregnant Bucky
Childbirth
graphic birth
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Steve
Trans Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

