Work Text:
Thinking about it now, Odin should have thought this out a little better.True, the baby was left in a precariously questionable place to leave any chlid in the middle of a battle, and true, the baby did seem altogether miserable and in need, but surely the Frost Giants wouldn't carelessly toss aside a child in the midst of a war. As Odin cradled the young baby in his arms, the Jotun blue faded under the visage, Odin could only just now think of a plethora of different reasons why the Frost Giant runt was left in the ice temple that didn't involve abandonment or sacrifice.Perhaps Laufey thought the temple to be the safest place on Jotunheim and meant to retrieve the baby later.Perhaps the child had a caretaker that left for the most convenient span of the five minutes Odin had entered to tend to other caretaking duties.Perhaps the ice temple for Frost Giants also served as a nursery for royal children. Alas, Odin did not know, and he certainly did not consider these possibilities when he looked upon the baby Frost Giant and promptly whisked it away from the icy realm. In his defense, Odin thought as the baby slept against his chest, the baby was crying up a storm, and if any child was so upset as to wail like that, then surely it wasn't in the most optimal situation. How would the Norns expect Odin to just leave the poor child after taking away the Casket of Ancient Winters when hewept so determinedly in his snowy corner? Frost Giants could not freeze his heart cold enough to do such a thing. Especially when said child was so sweet with his wide-eyed green gaze and chubby fists tugging at the ends of Odin's hair. However, as he stood before the door to Frigga's bedchambers, Odin hesitated. He had, in the most technical sense, kidnapped a child from the opposing nation. The parents could be searching endlessly in the ruins for their son, seeking nothing more but to comfort and nurse their babe. How exactly was Odin supposed to explain himself to Frigga when he returned with a mysterious baby in his arms and the half-baked notion that maybe the baby was abandoned and left to die even though in all practicality the insides of a respected temple that housed Jotunheim's Casket was by far the least effective place for a baby's sweet and speedy death. Nevertheless, the child was now in his arms in Asgard, and not Jotunheim, so Odin braced his shoulders, took in a breath, and stepped into Frigga's bedchambers. And before Odin could explain himself, before he could give his reasoning for essentially kidnapping a Frost Giant baby, Frigga swept little Loki into her arms and exclaimed, "You poor thing, you lovely child!" Yes, Odin thought feverishly, nodding at Loki's toothless smile and round cheeks and those innocent, endearing green eyes and dear goodness he did not inherit those from Laufey if anything. Yes, of course the child was in desperate need and couldn't stay in Jotunheim. Odin was doing the right thing for Loki, taking him under his wing and claiming him as a son of Asgard. How could he possibly resist not protecting the little child from even the cruelest snowflake? Thus, Loki Odinson was born unto Asgard, and became perhaps the most troublesome prince that Odin could ever ask for. Odin should have expected it.  

The first time Loki was whisked away for 'his own good,' it was undoubtedly Thor's fault.For an overprotective older brother, Thor could sometimes be the clumsiest of children, leaving his little brother out in the open where anyone could (and did) snatch Loki under all their noses. Thor was at a laughably young age, who still needed to stand on his father's shoulders to reach an apple of Idunn, but Loki was even younger, a mere toddler who would sooner blubber incoherently before speaking, and thus was the perfect target for Thor's games."I am the greatest warrior in all the lands!" Thor said, lifting a wooden sword in the air in emphasis. Young Sif in her long dress eyed his toy enviously. "I am brave and noble and the bards make music to my name.""Such talk!" said Sif. "What have you done to win such favor?""Why, I'm a warrior," said Thor, lowering his sword. "Why would I not?""You've never been in battle," said Sif. "You've never saved anyone's life yet. Now, what will the bards sing about you? 'Oh, mighty Thor, how courageous is he! Learning his letters is his greatest deed!'""Have care of how you speak," said Thor, his cheeks reddening. "I've done much more than learn my lessons. I've—I'll—I will save a helpless victim from impending doom. Ha!" Thor stabbed an imaginary foe with his sword. "And they will shower me with thanks and praise, and I will have saved their lives.""And who will that poor person be?" said Sif. When Thor turned expectantly to her, she scowled. "I will not be a damsel in distress for your sake. I ought to be the one saving people as well!" "Then who will I rescue if not you?" said Thor. "Fandral will not do it for me. Freyja will only laugh." At that moment, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Odin
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Protective!Thor
Protective!Odin
Protective!Everyone
Loki is unamused
Fluff
Humor
BAMF!Loki
in which Loki is quite clever
and also frustrated

fandom: 
Loki & Odin
Loki & Thor

