Chapter 1: Kate/Clint: How Kate Bishop met the Avengers
    




Chapter Text
 

 Black Widow

She meets the Black Widow in Clint’s apartment. 

Clint’s empty apartment, where Kate’s obsessively watching the news on his tiny tv. She hasn't moved since yesterday, when the helicarriers fell. And Clint’s phone has been off since last month, which usually meant he was on a big assignment, deep undercover.

And with Shield falling, that meant… Kate didn’t know what that meant, but she knew it was something bad. Terribly worried didn’t even start to explain what she was feeling. 

That’s when she barged him. Kate reacted instantly, grabbing for her bow, which was sitting on the coffee table. But she doesn't shoot the arrow, just knocks it and points it straight at the woman’s chest.

Kate sees that she got in with a key, and she sees the bright red hair and the arrow shaped necklace and after she figures it out, Kate lowers her bow. 

‘Natasha.’

‘He’s not here?’, the Black Widow asks, and even though she looks perfectly composed, Kate knows she’s just as worried as she is.

‘His phone’s been off for a month.’, Kate explains. ‘Sent me a text asking me to check in on Lucky, but that’s it.’

Natasha closes her eyes. ‘Shit.’

‘I checked the data you leaked’, Kate goes on. ‘There’s nothing. Or, at least, nothing that I understood. I know you spies have your own slang and whatnot.’

‘Do you have a laptop I could borrow?’, Natasha asks, slowly, determination written all over her features.

Kate eagerly points her to the bar, where her laptop is sitting, and she spends the next minutes wordlessly staring at the Black Widow, who is in Clint’s kitchen, furiously typing away at Kate’s light purple laptop.

Natasha closes the laptop slowly, with a smirk on her face.

‘I got him’, is all she says, but there’s excitement seeping through.

‘Do you need help?’, Kate asks, grabbing at her bow.

‘No, thank you’, Natasha smiles at her, just a bit. ‘I’ll take care of this one, Kate’.

It’s only hours after she leaves, that Kate realizes that Natasha knows her name. Does that mean that Clint talked to her? Chatted with the Black Widow about Kate Bishop? She couldn’t wrap her head around it, so she ignored it.

When Clint comes back, looking worse for wear but fully alive, he says that he has no idea how Natasha found him. Kate’s not even mad about it.
 

 Captain America

She meets Captain America in a coffee shop. 

It’s just after 6AM on a Saturday morning, she hates her life because why the hell did her brain decide she needed to be awake at this hour, and she hates her friends, for drinking the last of her coffee and not telling her.

So here she is, in the little coffee shop around the corner from her apartment. She’s bleary eyed, wearing pajamas and what was at one point Clint's hoodie, and she’s pretty sure she’s wearing mismatched shoes.

Kate doesn’t even notice him, at first. She stands in line (because there’s a line, even as ass o’clock in the morning, don’t these people ever sleep?!), keeps her head down, keeps yawning and waits for her turn.

When it comes, she orders three of the biggest coffee cups they have (one here, and two to go, please), black and with an extra shot of espresso.

The barista asks for names to write on the cups, and she says Kate. And Kate. And Kate. The barista stares at her, but she waves him off, gives him the money and heads to the end of the counter, to wait for her drinks. 

She only notices him because he steps very close to her.

‘Miss, are you okay?’, he asks, obviously concerned, and Kate freezes when she looks up.

‘That’s an awful lot of coffee just for a young woman.’, Steve goes on, like the gentleman that he is.

Kate opens her mouth. Closes it. Takes him in. His eyes are bright even for the early hour, he’s wearing a hoodie that clings to his biceps and a baseball cap. It’s… Kate didn’t actually expect him to carry his shield with him everywhere, but he’s looking too soft, way too soft for how deadly she knows he is.

He puts a hand on her shoulder. 

‘Are you alright?’

She shrugs her shoulder, forcing him to take his hand away. 

‘Fine, Cap’, she says, and he freezes. ‘You know us hawkeyes can handle our coffee.’

That makes him frown. Profoundly. 

‘So you know …’, he tries, but doesn’t finish, looking around at the other patrons of the coffee shop.

‘Your hawkguy? Yes, I know him.’

Steve nods, slowly.

‘Has he never mentioned me?’, Kate tries, lowering her voice. ‘His protege? His better self? Platonic soulmate? The … other Hawkeye?’

Steve shakes his head, slowly.

‘That bastard’, Kate says strongly, reaching over to grab her coffee. 

She turns around to leave, but stops after a single step.

‘You should talk to him, you know, about his life outside of your little party group.’

Cap frowns at that, looking away from her.

‘Clint does have one, you know’, she points out, maybe a bit more forcefully than she should. ‘A life away from you. I’m not saying it’s a good one, but it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Peggy Carter/Edwin Jarvis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Peter Parker & Shuri
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers
Shang-Chi/Katy
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Clint Barton/Kate Bishop
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Peggy Carter/Edwin Jarvis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Peter Parker & Shuri
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers
Shang-Chi/Katy
Druig/Makkari (Marvel)

