Chapter 1: PLEASE Tell me you kept the receipt
    




Chapter Text
"...mom.”

“Look, darling-“

“Mom.”

“If you’ll just let me explain-“

“MOM! WHY!”

“Look, I know he’s blind but he can cook and clean and he’ll even help you study. He’s got a Bachelor’s from his last owner, they had him as a study aid as well as a house slave. He’ll make sure you have clean clothes and are well fed, living on your own.” Anna Nelson gives Foggy a hopeful look that gives her son an immediate toothache. Something she said caught his attention, though, because -

Foggy looks up from the ownership papers with a frown. “His old owner paid for a degree but sold him?”

That was unusual. Not the degree itself - there were slaves out there with PhDs, why not train them for six figure jobs when you didn’t have to give them a cent of it? Companies saved millions training slaves these days. But even though slave tuition was cheaper, it wasn’t that cheap and it was odd to have one just as a study partner and not keep them for the eventual income they’d provide.

His mother smiles. “Their loss is your gain, darling.”

“I’m not taking him!” Foggy snaps, angry again. “Mom, did it escape you that I hate the slavery system? That I'm becoming a lawyer specifically to help people in that situation?"

“And you can do all that when you actually have your degree darling,” his mother says in the unmoved tone all mothers learn to employ, and that informs their kids they’d have more success yelling at a brick wall. “The papers are in your name already,” she adds, “And I’m not going back to the market, so you either take him or sell him yourself.”

Foggy’s hand clenches around the stupid documents and his mother gives him a victorious smile. They both know he loathes the slave markets. And his mother has probably guessed, correctly so, that between owning or selling, he would choose keeping a slave as the lesser of the two evils.

Foggy wonders how many slave owners started like that.

He sighs.

“What’s his name?”

His mother’s smile is infuriatingly triumphant. “Name him whatever you want, darling. He’s yours now.”All Foggy had actually asked his mother for had been a StarkPad. Goddammit.xxx

The most-decidedly-not-a-StarkPad is still standing in the living room where he’d been left after Foggy had dragged his mother into the hall to find out why exactly he'd been presented with a goddamn freaking person as a graduation present. Foggy approaches wearily – the slave is clad in the grey jumpsuit people – people! – are usually sold in, including worn-down shoes. He is also wearing a pair of rickety, taped-together sunglasses that make it hard to get a read on his expression. Foggy tries to collect himself. Okay. He can do this. He just happens to be a slave owner now, something he never wanted to be, and is responsible for the well-being of another person, absolutely NO problem at all.

(Foggy tries not to remember that he managed to accidentally kill his pet cactus in primary school.)Foggy swallows.

“Uh, hey. Do... do you have a name?” he asks and then immediately wants to hit himself. Who wouldn't have a *name*, after all. 

“You can call me whatever you wish, sir,” the slave replies immediately, with a small bow of his head, the padlocked metal collar around his neck clinking softly.

“Okay... what if I wish to call you what you want to be called?”

The slave’s mouth twitches slightly at that and for a second Foggy thinks he is going to smile but it’s gone just as quickly.

“My previous owner called me Dean.”

Foggy almost rolls his eyes but stops because he thinks it might be a little rude. Then he internally rolls them again at that thought, because, blind.

“Do you want me to call you Dean?”

He expects another evasive non-answer (that slave might make a good lawyer too) but is pleasantly surprised when he tilts his head slightly and says, “I like ‘Matt’.”

“Matt it is, then,” Foggy announces. “Sounds, uh, nice. Good name." 

The slave looks surprised and for a second Foggy thinks he'll get an actual smile, but after a moment he simply bows his head again.

“As you wish, sir.”

Xxx

He remembers the day they locked the heavy metal collar around his neck. The day Matthew Michael Murdock ceased to be and slave number 10-4-1964 had been registered.

He became Rory shortly after. The small daughter of his first family had named him. She had been nice, her father less so. They’d sold him after four months, when the wife got too jealous.

Then Dean. For four years, during his time as a study aid, when he was owned by Mark - who was actually a sort of decent owner. He treated 'Dean' like any of the other things he owned, he gave him orders, locked his collar to the wall when he left him alone, lent him to his friends if they need a helping hand and occasionally fucked him or used him for a quick blowjob.

Mark was also never cruel. 'Dean' was only beaten if he disobeyed or made a mistake, and when he was sick Mark took him to the doctor and let him r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Hurt/Comfort
Matt still is Daredevil
slave!Matt
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Humor
Foggy really sucks at this slave-holding thing
Aaaaalll the discussion about
Consent Issues
Enthusiastic Consent
if only you weren't cockblocked by your own sense of ethics when you LITERALLY OWN SOMEONE
BAMF Matt Murdock
Foggy is a good person and doesn't deserve any of this
Community: daredevilkink
Slow Burn
Collars
Plot
Matt is the worst slave and needs to be freed ASAP
Identity Reveal
Identity Porn
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
not as dark as it sounds
Recovery
College
Friends to Lovers
Master/Slave
Or it would be Master/Slave if Foggy didn't find the concept horrifying much to Matt's annoyance
Power Imbalance
attempts at
emancipation
Medical Examination
Fandom-Blind Friendly
Season/Series 01
Pre-Canon

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

