Chapter 1: Goo, you say?!
    




Chapter Text
"Oh baby boy..." There was a grunt from beneath the pile of blankets, and Wade couldn't help but grin. {We could jump on him.} [DO IT DO IT DOIT!] Wade tapped a finger against his chin, then grinned even wider and, with a wiggle of his butt, jumped up and onto the bed. There was a rather immediate responding flail, and Wade whooped, letting one hand flail into the air. "Ride 'em Spidey!" he crowed, though the words trailed off into a squeal as he was suddenly flipped over and onto his back on the bed, left blinking big eyes up at a rather ruffled looking Peter Parker. "Was that really necessary, Wade?" Peter asked, raising an eyebrow and giving him a look that bordered on a glare. The merc nodded frantically, and then grinned widely. "Totally necessary. Your pancakes are getting cold!" Peter blinked, and then chuckled, shaking his head faintly as he sat up and stretched his arms above his head, cracking his back in the same motion. Wade made a low sort of purring sound at this, wriggling his hips a little, moving Peter where he was perched atop them. "Though, we could always stay here..." "Hmm... nope." Peter said, grinning before hopping off of Wade's hips and pulling on a pair of sleep pants. "Aww, but Petey-pie!!" Wade whined, getting up and moving after him, one lip out in a pout. Peter grinned over his shoulder. "Nope, you were the one that said the pancakes were getting cold. And we can't let that happen, now can we?" He then left Wade sputtering, moving into the kitchen and settling at the table where there were stacks of lovely golden pancakes waiting for them. The pouting lip was soon too much for him though, and Peter sighed before rolling his eyes. "Oh come here." There was an immediate little 'yippee!' in response and Wade bounced closer for a kiss before plopping in his seat beside Peter, digging into his own ridiculous stack of pancakes. Peter couldn't help but watch this with a soft look on his features - he loved seeing Wade like this, feeling free to be himself and not self-conscious. He was even without the mask this morning of his own violation. It had taken Peter years of work to get to this point though, and he didn't regret a bit of it. When he'd first met Wade - Deadpool - all those years ago, he'd been hard-pressed to spend time with him. He found the merc overwhelming and altogether too much for him, but as time went on he'd actually gotten to know him and realized that he wasn't all that bad. Of course, he'd been the catalyst for that - he'd once told Deadpool that if he was going to continue killing that he wanted nothing to do with him, and from that day on he'd stopped. Peter had been shocked at first, considering what he'd heard from so many people about Deadpool, but sure enough, there wasn't a person after that day that had died due to his guns or blades. He had even stopped taking mercenary jobs that required the target's death. Peter had confronted him not long after that, asking if he was playing a game, and had been surprised when Deadpool had blinked at him as though confused before grinning visibly beneath his mask. "Well I want to spend time with my baby boy, so of course I stopped. It's boring sometimes, but it's worth it!" Team ups had become rather common from that point on, and before long it was a regular sight to see the two around the city together. Peter had taken the time to help Deadpool learn better ways to fight, causing less pain and eventually even being considered a hero. The day that he'd revealed his face for the first time [You mean the best day EVER] hadn't been long in coming, and while it had taken a while, eventually Wade had begun to trust him with his as well. He was still self-conscious at times, and Peter had to beg him to remove the mask, but he was getting more comfortable as time went on. Five years after that first day, they'd both been asked to join the New Avengers, and now had a rather cushy apartment and a floor in Avengers tower because of it. At first a lot of people had found it strange that they were a couple. After all, they were both Alphas, which wasn't something that you saw often. Two Alphas tended to clash, especially in close quarters, though there were the occasional outliers. Tony Stark and Steve Rogers, for example - Tony was all Alpha, and Steve was the epitome of the perfect specimen. But they had a rather special situation, of course - before the serum, Steve had been a Beta, and still retained some of those characteristics despite his Alpha appearance. And Peter had to admit that they were well matched. It was adorable sometimes to witness them together. But Peter and Wade were one of those weird couples that just worked, even if they were both Alphas. And Peter loved Wade dearly, eccentricities and all. He even had a fondness for the boxes, which some thought was weird, but he didn't care. They were a part of who Wade was, after all. "You're staring, baby boy." Peter bli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe
Sort Of
Mpreg
Alpha Peter Parker
Omega Wade Wilson
I know right?
I Don't Even Know
Don't Judge Me
Deaf Clint Barton
Established Relationship
talk of miscarriage
Violence
Descriptions of gore
Blood

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

