Work Text:



 
~*~
The first time Bucky met Tony Stark, he was suit less and dying on the sidewalk.
(Bucky had found it morbidly poetic, a man who was usually suited in red was now surrounded by it, drowning in it.)
"Hey," He crouched down near the man, noting that he was more handsome in person; Steve was right about that. "you're Steve's fella. Howard's son, right?"
Tony had only moaned in response, eyes clenched tight in pain. Bucky paused, unsure of what to do. He pressed on the thing in his ear that Steve had called a communication device and heard some static on the other end.
This was also the first time Bucky had spoken to static, or, had remembered it, at least.
"Captain? You there? I've got an issue on the field."
(Bucky had to resist the urge to call him punk or Stevie, but the man had said they used nicknames on the field to keep their personal lives private from prying eyes. Bucky was sure that the entire team used it in a different way, a way that they refused to talk about, just as he had.
They all separated themselves from their actions. It kept them humble and guilt free.)
Steve's voice was grainy when it came back, but it was responded immediately, "What's going on Soldier?"
"You know that one fella that's been away at that convention with that lady named after a fruit? Howard's son?"
"Yeah, Pepper, and Ton- Iron Man? What does he have to do with anything?"
Bucky listened as Steve's shield whacked into the creatures they were up against, they looked like tiny beavers with fingers for mouths. The only intimidating thing about them was the way their phalanges could wrap around and extend onto things, sending electric jolts of energy into their victim.
(Bucky would have to say sorry to Steve for making fun of his gloves, because they were the only thing keeping him from turning into BBQ with his shield as the conductor.)
"He's here."
Bucky could hear Steve sputter on the other end, "Here, here?!"
"That's exactly what I said."
"Bucky, where?"
"Here, with me. On twenty first street. I need a medevac."
"He's hurt?!"
Natasha cut in on the coms, grunting a bit, "Captain, that's what a medevac is for. Calm down, I'll go check on them."
"Widow, hurry." Steve pleaded, fear in his eyes as he fought off another colony of beavers.
Who would've guessed that the first time Steve's boyfriend met his best friend one of them would be dying?
#
The second time Bucky met Tony he was far more conscious and definitely sneaking out.
Bucky had been in the communal kitchen, sipping on some tea that Bruce had taught him to make. He was tired, but couldn't sleep, a familiar dilemma that nightmares tended to birth.
Usually he'd be with Steve or Natasha, but Steve hadn't left his boyfriend's side after he'd been released from SHIELD's medical department a few hours earlier - even if, a few hours after settling into their bed, Tony had no qualms about separating from Steve; Bucky could understand, Stevie had always been an overprotective man; with what happened, it was understandable.
(Tony had come back from his convention early to fight and had ended up on the ground with a bullet hole in him - friendly fire from a probie SHIELD agent, you can guess how pissed Steve was. Tony wouldn't fight with the suit - he figured it would simply create a full body conductor for the arc reactor, because of the whole electricity thing, which left him susceptible to the inexperienced field agent who had shot him. The electric beaver creatures took advantage of human stupidity and shocked the living hell out of the Iron-less Iron Man.
The glowing thing in his chest - which Steve had told Bucky to be very gentle around and to always keep illuminated - was out.
Bucky hadn't had the nerve to let Steve know that over the coms, so Steve was kind of (really) pissed at him later. Lucky for Bucky, Steve was angrier at Tony for risking himself, and fortunately for Tony, Steve was furious with the SHIELD agent who had shot his boyfriend.
Everyone was hateful towards the evil beavers from hell; it had been a really bad day.)
Nat was somewhere with Phil, gathering the few baby agents still employed. Bucky was sure they were torturing them with lectures, even more training, and maybe actual torture.
Bucky was alone, and he was okay with it. He enjoyed the quiet, enjoyed being home.
And apparently, so did Tony.
(Seriously, medical had to knock him flat on his ass with painkillers just to get him to settle down and sleep. Even then he was muttering about better care at the tower.)
Bucky could hear feet padding softly on the floor above. Moments later the elevator was being beckoned upwards. He smelt Tony before he saw him, simply because he still reeked of a sterile hospital.
Tony was humming something as he walked in, oblivious to Bucky, who was shielded by the shadows, lurking where he felt most comfortable. Steve's boyfriend was still very pale and sickly, and Bucky had the urge to go let Stevie know; surely the captain didn't allow Tony to get ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
stuckony

freeform: 
Team bashing on Tony
Tony Whump
fixing it
Threesome
stuckony - Freeform
Team as Family
Poor Tony
Accidental Relationship
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Bucky Loves Tony
So He Steals Him From Steve
Tony-centric
middle Tony
worried steve
Protective Steve Rogers
First Meetings
Hurt Tony
bullet wounds
Arc Reactor Failure
Tony Is The Team Mom
Steve Is The Team Dad
Clint is confused
Natasha Wins Bets
Plot Twists
she loses
Bruce Has No Comment
Thor Loves Relationship Names
Angst with a Happy Ending
Crack and Angst
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
stuckony

