Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



Erik




Erik gets home from his latest mission well after midnight. The long driveway to the mansion looks picturesque in the daylight, but when it's pitch black and illuminated only by the headlights of his car it's more spooky and foreboding than anything. The mansion looms dark and silent above him, only a few windows showing light inside. He leaves the car by the front door instead of bothering with driving around to the garage and unlocks the door with a wave of his hand. It squeaks loudly as it swing open; he should probably fix that.


He's already stripped out of his coat by the time he gets to the bedroom he shares with Charles, tired enough that he's contemplating just crawling into bed fully clothed and dealing with everything in the morning. The mission had been a failure -- he and Raven had gotten there too late and found an abandoned lab and two dead bodies left behind, the other mutant prisoners already whisked away to the next hidden facility -- and Erik feels weary down to his bones.


He drops his coat and bag just inside the door, kicks his shoes off, and nearly collapses onto his side of the bed before he realizes that it's already occupied. Erik catches himself before he falls on top of David, noticing as he does that David is already awake and watching him. He's probably been awake since before Erik opened the door; David's always quiet like that.


"What are you doing in here?" Erik asks, voice barely a whisper. A glance at Charles confirms that he's still dead to world, sprawled on his back with an ice pack wrapped around his head.


"Daddy had a migraine," David whispers back.


Charles must have been using Cerebro again. Too long spent with his mind stretched out across the entire world always leaves him a bit high off the pure energy of touching that many minds, which then turns into a debilitating migraine after he comes back down.


"That doesn't explain why you're in here," Erik says. David has a long habit of crawling into bed with them in the middle of the night that they've been trying to break him of. 


"I had a nightmare," David says. "There was a man in my room."


"There’s no one in your room," Erik tells him. "Come on, let's get you back to bed."


He starts pulling David out from under the covers. Charles stirs a bit, but doesn't wake, and Erik hefts David up onto his hip to carry him back to his own room. David clings like a limpet, his weight warm and heavy and his chin digging into Erik's shoulder. Erik opens the door to David's room with his power and carefully navigates the minefield of discarded toys to make his way to the bed. He should probably tell David to clean his room tomorrow; there's no way Charles could even get his chair in here right now with the mess.


Erik drops David onto his bed with a bounce, reaching for the covers. David squirms as Erik secures the blankets around his shoulders, fighting his way free of them as soon as Erik's tucked them in. "The man was hiding in the closet," David says, pointing.


"There's no one in your closet," Erik says.


"You didn't even look."


Erik opens the closet door with a wave of his hand. In the dim light from the window, it looks like a dark, gaping void in the wall. "Look, no one there."


David still looks skeptical, so Erik gets up and flicks on the closet light, making a show of checking every corner. "Nope, no one here. It was just a dream."


"You're sure?" David asks.


"Positive," Erik says. "No one gets past me."


David's still frowning, but seems to accept that. Erik leans down to smooth his hair back and says, "Go to sleep, schatz."


David burrows down into his blanket, rolling over onto his side and still watching the closet carefully. Erik leaves the light on but closes the door until there's just a crack of light showing through. He waits until David's closed his eyes and his breathing has turned slow and steady before standing up and heading back to his own room.


He stops to crack open Lorna's door and finds her sprawled out on her stomach, snoring lightly.


Charles is still exactly where Erik left him. Erik strips off his shirt and pants before crawling in behind him, wrapping an arm around Charles’ waist and being careful not to dislodge his ice pack. It's mostly melted, but still cold.


"Did David go to sleep?" Charles asks, voice barely audible and rough with sleep.


"Out like a light," Erik says. "Go back to sleep."


"Mmm," Charles murmurs, twisting onto his side before settling back down. Erik tucks his knees up behind Charles' and presses his forehead against the back of Charles' head, curling around him.


He's asleep within moments.


---


Erik's only been gone for a week this time, but in that time he appears to have missed Lorna becoming a teenager. She slides into her chair at breakfast, shoves a spoonful of cereal in her mouth, and then asks, "Can I dye my hair?"


Befor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Mpreg
Past Mpreg
Kid Fic
dadneto
Domestic Fluff
Sex
Kidnapping
Violence
Mind Control
Canon Disabled Character
Ableism
Angst
Happy Ending
eventually
Erik is not a Happy Bunny

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

