Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Thinking back, Steve realises that he probably shouldn’t be that surprised that there are other people out there with superhuman abilities. He was the first superhero, granted, but there’s no way Clint and Natasha’s skill set come across as vaguely human—and that’s what they are, and then there’s Tony erratic genius with his metal armour, and Bruce, a huge green hulking thing, and Thor, who is actually a god. He isn’t quite sure why he’s never stopped to think that there are more people like them exist in New York, or at least, the world. Maybe it’s because when the Avengers are called in to save the city, there usually isn’t anyone else fighting alongside them. So when he’s battling robots against a certain Victor von Doom, he stops after a solid punch to a Doombot’s metal jaw to stare at a streak of flame bursting through the sky. At first it seemed like a fire projectile of a bullet, but when the thing lands he realises it’s actually human. Steve doesn’t get his questions extrapolated because another doombot creeps up from behind him and nearly sticks a jagged pole into his right rib. He’s just wishing that someone would find the actual Victor von Doom amidst the chaos because the doombots get more creepy with every face he hits. As he maneuvers, he notices Widow taking out another bot with her famous thigh hold crush move, and Hawkeye up on the roof of a building taking out stray bots trying to sneak past the perimeter he had called earlier. Iron man zips past them occasionally with his repulsor blasts in random bursts cursing the trail of bots hanging to his feet, and Hulk does what he does best; smash. They’re containing the destruction well, but they will get tired if someone doesn’t find the power source to all these robots. Then out of the corner of his eye Steve sees a lady in a blue suit standing between the debris. A doombot comes up from behind her, and Steve tries to reach her in time. Oddly enough as he’s running, the lady shouts at him to duck—and he does—and a ripple of force blasts from her hands like a sonic wave. The force causes a rather loud impact that leaves a ten feet clear perimeter around them. “M’am?” Steve carefully adjusts his shield as he stands up. “It’s dangerous here. I would suggest that you evacuate to road twenty nine down the street.” The lady opens her mouth to answer, but a shout from the other side catches their attention. “Sue? A little help here!” Steve grips his shield tighter when he sees a human wrapped around several robots like a rubber band, and he stares and stares because it’s just so strange. The lady beside him suddenly vanishes, and then the robots in that rubber human’s hold drop like flies one by one. When the man stands up, he looks normal, and the lady reappears again next to him. It’s oddly quiet all of a sudden, and Steve looks around. The doombots further off also lie unmoving on the floor like dolls—someone must have taken out whoever’s been controlling them. “Hey, did no one see that?” It’s Iron Man, failing his arms in the air to catch attention several feet away. “I fucking blasted that son of a bitch like a pro—seriously, did no one see that?” Natasha shoves Tony aside with an eye roll and peers at the blackened mess of metal. “It’s not him. Another doombot.” “Who cares?” Clint hops up to them. “It’s over. I was running out of arrows.” “Someone tell the big guy that,” Tony quips, pointing to a green blob further away from their little group who is smashing two lifeless doombot bodies together. “Hulk, stand down,” Steve says into his intercom. “We’re done.” The Hulk emits an affirmative growl, but not before tossing the metal bodies hard unto the concrete. “Stark.” The rubber man Steve had seen earlier nods his head towards Iron Man with a look—one that Steve thinks is half irritation and half admiration—and it also reeks of familiarity. “Reed,” Tony—it’s Tony, not Iron Man, because he’s lifted off the face plate. “What’s you and your little blue gang band doing here?” he doesn’t even give the other man a chance to answer. “This is all your fault, isn’t it?” he accuses, but he’s grinning wide. “You finally stabilised that equation for interdimensional travel—that’s where these terminator babies keep coming from right? I’m willing to bet your boyfriend stole your machine and hid himself in some other fucking universe and—“ “Stark,” this time it’s the lady, and she’s glaring. “Shut up.” “Oh hey, Sue! I never did ask,” Tony grins wider. “Does every part of his body stretch? Like—“ “Hey, she never answered me, so why the hell should she answer you? Steve is just staring at how someone on fire—literal fire—comes flying up to them and drops with a jog, the heat around them all suddenly flaring up a notch and dissipating when the flames disappears, revealing a younger man in a tight body suit. “Because I’m Tony Stark,” Tony answers like i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Johnny Storm
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Awkwardness
Angst
Almost death
Pining
Cussing
Flirting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Johnny Storm
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

