Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Anthony Edward Stark was one of the most formidable people on the planet, and scant few could match up to him in any single way that defined him. He was intelligent. With an IQ that was well within the top 1 percentile of the population of the entire planet, he’d entered MIT at fifteen, graduated with master’s degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science by nineteen and earned two more master’s degrees in Business Management and Political Sciences in the succeeding five years, during which time he had also taken over as President of Stark Industries from his late father. More than that, most of the products generated by Stark Industries in the last twenty years, especially those that were most successful: bombs, missiles, military paraphernalia, cellphones, computers, cars, green energy, had been conceptualized, designed and built by him thereby launching the company into the forefront of most industries and directly contributing to the modernization of the human race. He was rich. Stark Industries had become a household name after retiring from weapons manufacturing when they entered into communications technology. Among other successful products, they engineered many of the newest and most in-demand features of cellphones, making Starkphones some of the most sought-after products in the world and putting them well ahead of competitors like Apple and Nokia that had been in the industry for decades. And with the latest clamour for environmental consciousness, Stark Industries is also the leading pioneer of green technology, from industrial arc reactors replacing nuclear powerplants, to household appliances that consumed less power than ever before. As the majority stockholder, Tony reaped the benefits of SI’s success. He was charismatic. Some would argue that he was nothing but a drunk, playboy, capitalist scumbag and would lambast his name to any who would listen and devalue his contributions to society. And while they would have been right once upon a time, it was clear that they had never met Tony Stark because he could, with a simple smile, have any hapless fool swooning on his or her feet, with a handshake, have businessmen and senators alike making promises they would do everything and anything to keep and, with a word or two, have the devil himself selling his soul to him. He was Iron Man. He built a miniaturized arc reactor in a cave with a box of scraps while his chest was gouged out and his heart hooked up to a car battery. He created the most advanced armour the world has ever seen with scavenged bits and pieces while under the guise of making missiles for terrorists. He jetsetted around America (and sometimes the globe) with a ragtag group of superhumans to save the lives of helpless civilians from forces the local government could not handle on their own. He was the brains, the money and the face of the group that had captured the hearts of millions of people the world over. He was a superhero. He was a saviour. He was… He was… He was an action figure, for Chrissakes! “Look, I understand the whole… you know… thing you’ve got going on here because I mean, yeah. Tony Stark,” he said as the men around him secured the perimeter, made sure the ropes around his feet and wrists were done up well and tight, and ignored him—oh, that just wouldn’t do. “No, seriously, what is it? Are you holding me for ransom? For my brains? For my body? It’s ransom, isn’t it? Yeah, I bet it’s ransom. But you’d do better with the brains bit, just so you know, because hello? I’m still speaking, and you should know that if you’re going to kidnap Tony Stark, the first thing you should do is gag him because I could talk anyone to death. Really. Literally.” He paused. “Well, not literally. That’s still debatable, but Clint has a going bet that I could talk someone to death. There hasn’t been any chance to test it out, you see, because we’re superheroes and aren’t supposed to go killing people for fun, but he’s pretty damn sure of himself, and it wouldn’t be a good idea for you if he was right. It wouldn’t be good for me either because he’d be unbearably insufferable. And why aren’t you listening to me? Hello! Genius speaking over here!” All he got from the kidnappers was silence, so he readied himself to launch another spiel until someone took to notice him because maybe that way he could do something about it rather than sit around and wait for his rescuers to arrive, which was probably the worse option because Clint would be so insufferably smug about his getting kidnapped the one time—the ONE time—he elected not to have his suitcase armour on him. Stupid stupid stupid! Before he could speak, though, another person cut him off. “It’s everything but ransom, actually, Mister Stark,” said person drawled, and Tony had to twist his neck to see someone saunter down the stairs from a doorway cloaked in shadows. It was so unbelievably clichéd that Tony was sure this villain had time travelled fro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark/many
OT7 - Relationship
Everyone/Everyone

freeform: 
Human Experimentation
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome - F/M/M
Foursome - M/M/M/M
Foursome - F/M/M/M
Moresomes
Orgy
Non Consensual
Dubious Consent
Mpreg
Knotting
Felching
Pegging
a whole lot of other kinks
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Steve
omega!Tony
spoiled!Tony
whump!Tony - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort
Light D/s

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Tony Stark/many
OT7 - Relationship
Everyone/Everyone

