Chapter 1: Prologue I - The Ides of March
    


Summary:

The Death Anniversary



Notes:
















            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Prologue:
The Ides of March

March 15, 1990
Every sound, every noise rang in his ears. The quiet hiss from the air ventilation… the continuous hums of his computer… the pitter-patter of the relentless rain against the windows… the smooth slosh of the golden liquid moving in his glass. They were such seemingly inaudible sounds, yet they reverberated through his ears deafeningly. The noises rumbled through his brain like incessant church bells. He didn't want to hear any more of it anymore. Someone make it stop.He released hold of a glass of whiskey in his hand and covered his ears tightly. He shut his brown eyes close, trying to block the dark view of the Pacific, engulfed in a thunderstorm. The waves crashed and the wind howled. The sky grumbled and brought strikes of lightning onto the wild sea. He would give anything in the world; he'd sacrifice anything in his power for just one second of silence. All he wanted was silence."Someone stop the bells!" Tony roared, throwing the glass in a fit of fury and defeat towards the cream white walls of his living room. His eyes flinched close as the shatters of the glass echoed throughout the room, causing more noise in his state of entropy. "Please," he murmured softly. Gold whiskey stained the walls and the taupe carpet. There was glass everywhere. Broken and neglected…as he was… again.
Every fucking year... I hear those fucking bells.
Funeral bells. Tony has always heard them, he has always hated them. Every year, as the calendar stops at the Ides of March, it would always ring in his ears.It would echo.It would boom.It would explode.The deep, earsplitting clangs of the bells reminded him of everything that happened that day, five years ago. It was such a worn-out day as he remembered cringing at the sound of the news. He was only seventeen, already spending his third year in college when he received a call from Stane, informing him of the accident:
March 15, 1985: Howard and Maria Stark died on impact on the roads of Malibu, California.
The drunken man, driving the cargo truck would've been severely punished if he didn't die too. His flawless memory acted as a curse as he remembered everything so vividly, as if his memories were made into a film, perpetually on loop. He remembered the police coming to fetch him from his workshop asking him to identify the bodies. He remembered Rhodey's warm hands on his shoulder. He remembered Stane, assuring him that everything will be okay. He remembered the faces of the people who came up to him in the funeral the very next day, offering him their condolences and sympathies. He hated those people. He didn't even know their names. However, he was completely aware of the fact that those people knew how to kiss ass when the heir of Stark Industries have been placed on the throne, vulnerable…weak.
Kiss-ass fuckers from their half-ass companies...
He loathed the day as much as he loved women. Everything had always been in his control. He had life on a leash. It was a chess game where he knew all the pieces would fall. He planned his moves, and predicted the consequences. But at that day, everything fell apart. Disorder and chaos filled the voids of his heart and threw him off-balance. He planned everything in the palm of his hands. He planned that he'll get a degree in engineering, physics, chemistry, calculus. After that, he predicted that his dad would finally announce his pride in him. He planned to work with him. He planned for a better future."Tony, a Stark must always have iron in his backbone," his father would always tell him. But any hint of iron in his body has been stripped away from him that day and it became an annual curse.Tony worked his hardest to get back on track a year after their death. He locked himself in his workshop for three months, and allowed Obadiah Stane become CEO for a while. He acquired doctorate in mechanical engineering and drew a new blueprint of his life, without the help of Howard Stark. During those three months, he created the most complex machinery imprinted with unprecedented intelligence. There was that one night, after two bottles of vodka, and classic rock drowning his ears, DUMM-E was created. Although he perceived the robot as failure, he couldn't bring to destroy one of his creations. He also took the time to wire his very own electronic butler, a program with artificial intelligence named JARVIS, who in return became his trusted companion. The genius chuckled at the thought of having a computer programmed with human-like reactions and emotions, more at the idea of having one as a friend. But who knows, maybe it will be something more than just a computer. A man like him was already so far ahead.He also improved Howard Stark's design of the arc reactor, which powered his mansion, and every nook
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Pepper Potts
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark has a daughter
Parent Tony Stark
Family Secrets
Pre-Iron Man
Boarding School
How it all began
Darcy's Childhood
Pre-Thor
pre-avengers
Pre-EVERYTHING
I tried writing
Don't Judge Me
okay
Darcy Stark
Darcy Lewis-Stark
TONY HAS A FREAKING DAUGHTER
AND IT'S DARCY

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Pepper Potts
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Peter Parker

