Work Text:
1.
Steve spends three days with contract specialists at SHIELD, going over notes Tony had made to the contracts he’d signed -- the amount of money these contracts are worth is absolutely staggering, and Steve reminds himself ruefully that whatever else happens he probably doesn’t actually have to barter for contracts with his body. New contracts are printed with Tony’s stipulations added, and both the Army and SHIELD spend two days doing nothing but pestering Steve for ideas. They haven’t missed the fact that most of the things Tony had signed had been things Steve had suggested in the first place.
It sends Steve into a three day, deeply analytical study of the conflicts in the Middle East. He had known most of it already, but only in general terms. He’s put in touch with Colonels on battlefields, Warrant Officers, the people who really know what they need and what they want and the occasional thing that they’d do anything for. Steve is familiar enough with war to be able to guess most of what might work, but the terrain is different, and the guerrilla fighting style that seems to prevail requires a rethink of what might work and how.
He has no idea when he might see Tony again. He thinks that either Tony or Fury will call. But he’s decided that if it doesn’t happen in the next few days, Steve is going to make the call himself, with full understanding of what he’s doing and why.
He jerks off every night, sometimes just once before crashing into sleep, sometimes as many times as his body will let him, figuring out how to finger himself -- not anything close to as good as Tony doing it -- and he thinks, the whole time, he remembers, he imagines -- probably also not close to as good as what Tony could imagine -- until he collapses, shuddering with raw pleasure and exhaustion, and waits for his knees to be steady enough to clean himself up.
Then he gets up again and spends the day trying to convey the kinds of things he thinks will be effective in the field to people that don’t have any idea of what it’s like to be in the field.
2.
When he can’t stand it another day, he snags a sketch pad and makes his way down into the city, where he walks until he finds a cafe with a view he likes, and just spends the day putting what he sees with his eyes down on paper. Even then, his attention flags toward early afternoon, and he finds himself outlining a drawing of Tony with heavy eyes and the bare suggestion of a smile. Just seeing it makes his body respond, and he closes the sketch pad without finishing it.
He buys three hot dogs from a vendor, wanders around a little more until he’s got his bearings, and then sets off toward home.
His phone rings in his pocket while he’s still a few blocks away. Steve considers not answering it. He can’t get used to the way people talk on their phones in public. It seems unbearably rude. But he checks to see who’s calling, because it could be important.
It’s Tony. Honestly, if it had been anyone else, Steve probably would have waited until he was home and called them back. But.
Instead he ducks into a less populous side-street and answers, “Steve Rogers speaking.”
“I was at your apartment, today,” Tony says without preamble. “Good lighting, a decent place. A little old fashioned in the decorating department, but I can see how you might like the clean lines of it.”
“It came decorated,” Steve says. He’s torn between asking how Tony had gotten into Steve’s apartment and asking why he had felt the need to do so. Before he can, Tony continues.
“Of course, there was no you in it, so that kind of defeated most of the purpose.” That’s either sweet or utterly self-involved. Steve thinks that Tony might actually have the ability to be both at the same time.
“Why did you visit?” Steve asks calmly, though he’s actually a little alarmed. There isn’t anything in the apartment that would give him away, except for the shield, of course. Steve had insisted. And though the shield is in a concealed lined safe in the floor of the bedroom all the way under the bed, he doesn’t doubt that if Tony had been looking for something specifically, he would have found it, and would have likely made short work of the security involved.
“I wanted to see where you lived,” Tony says. “I wanted to see if you were home.” He sounds like he’s ticking things off on his fingers. “I wanted to take you out to dinner. I wanted to offer you an executive suite in the tower, if you wanted it. But mostly I wanted to fuck you.”
Steve is surprised into a chuckle. “I don’t want an executive suite in the tower,” he says, smiling.
“Ah, but you don’t mention how you feel about dinner and fucking.” Tony sounds triumphant. Steve can hear him grinning.
“I just ate dinner,” Steve says. “Are you still at my apartment?”
“No,” Tony says, sounding just a little bit disappointed. “Is that a deal breaker? Because I’m pretty sure I can get back there in half an hour, forty minutes tops.”
“What are you doing now?” Steve asks, suspicious.
“Oh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark has a filthy mouth
BDSM
Dom/sub
Kink Negotiation
Breathplay
Steve knows what he wants
Clever Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

