Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Let Me SeeSpider-Man ran out the way.He aimed his wrist high; it took a second to get the webbing to hit the building, but only a second more for the Rhino to strike him. There was no pain at first. He simply felt himself spun through the air and cast aside, so that he landed like a rag doll on the pavement, and – as he rolled onto his back – he felt something wet and warm over his suit. The material clung to him uncomfortably; it was like a second skin, but it stayed still even as he moved, and it tugged at some fresh wound on his side. The pain ripped through him.There were too many sounds to decipher. He heard a woman scream in the distance, followed by sirens and car alarms, and laughter was added to that in a weird cacophony of noise. He tried to block it all out and focus on getting to safety. The ground vibrated underneath him. He began to feel dizzy and nauseous, as his mouth ran dry and tasted like iron, but people were running all around him and shots were being fired, no one seemed to want to stop.Spider-Man raised a hand upward, but it shook in the air and felt heavy. The energy it took to brace it against a wall was too much, especially when it was such a struggle to focus as things stood, but – even as the world moved around him – he pulled himself up into a sitting position, as he leaned back against the brick wall. He felt the blood drip down his side and onto his thigh, before it trickled further down onto his groin, and he suddenly felt his head grow light and felt unable to stay awake. The Rhino was just a distraction, something to hide from the explosions in the distance. He needed to warn them.“Spider-Man, stay calm, help’s on its way.”The voice was familiar. It was feminine, rather low and a bit deep, but comforting and authoritative, like maybe Black Widow’s or some other heroine. The pressure on his wound was agonising. He barely recognised the scream he let out, let alone could make sense of anything that went on around him, and he realised that it wouldn’t be long until he passed out from the pain. It was hot and loud and coursed through him. It was too much.“Stay awake now, okay?”It was terrifying. He couldn’t see anything except a screen of colours and shapes, like the worst migraine of his life, and he could feel his organs tense and pulsate, as if every orifice sought to expel every ounce of liquid it could. It was horrifying . . . excruciating . . .“Don’t close your eyes. Listen to me, S.H.I.E.L.D. is on its way.”“I – I can’t . . . I’m s-sorry . . . I feel too –”“Spider-Man? Spider-Man!”* * *‘ - secondary mutation?’
‘No, he – he’s not a mutant, Tony. That’s not –’
‘Possible? Yeah, well, you and me both know that a lot of things aren’t possible. Look, let’s just get Strange or someone on the line, alright? This is got to be a mutant thing. If it’s not, I’ll walk down Main Street wearing nothing but a smile.’‘I’m pretty sure you already did that one.’ Someone laughed. ‘Listen, I know you want this to be something . . . well . . . “normal”, but there isn’t really anything normal about it. Even if he were carrying the X-Gene, any natural mutations would be repressed due to the environmental mutations. You can’t be both a mutate and a mutant. It’s not possible.’
‘That’s assuming this works like a mutation, though. What if this is just a biological thing? It could be like webbed feet or a third nipple. Maybe lots of mutants get it, but it’s like independent of their powers or something. How many would even find out or notice?’

‘In the history of mankind, you don’t think one mutant would notice?’

‘Why not? I barely notice how it hurts like f-’
* * *Peter woke up to a strange room.It wasn’t home, that much was for sure. The walls were a startling shade of white, while the windows were absolutely huge, enough that they reached wall to wall and floor to ceiling, and the view was unlike anything he could ever remember. He could see the entire city before him; it was beautiful, so much so that he could see how alive it became at night, and the millions of lights glistened as if they sought to greet him personally.There wasn’t much else in the room worth note. The room was larger than he entire apartment, complete with what looked like a door to an en suite, but there was no real furnishings aside from the king-sized bed. It was comfortable, that much Peter could be certain, but it lacked the lumps and bumps of his bed, along with the gritty and rough sheets, and he even missed the way that the spring on the bottom corner poked him in his foot any time he rolled over. He wasn’t used to luxury, especially unknown luxury.“W-where am I?”Peter pulled himself up into a sitting position; the sheets slid down to his waist, where he quickly realised that he was naked and bandaged. The bandages were wrapped professionally around his waist, from just under his nipples to just above his hip bones, and his body was pale enough that he looked as weak as he felt. It was then
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Romance
Male Slash
Extramarital Affairs
Past Miscarriage
Mpreg
Self-Hatred
Self Confidence Issues
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Friends to Lovers
Eventual Happy Ending
Sexuality Crisis
Canon-Typical Violence
Discussion of Abortion
Past Rape/Non-con
Psychological Trauma
Past Abuse
Phobias
Cheating

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson

