Chapter 1



Notes:
German Translation by Mystery7




Chapter Text
“A werecat?” Bucky repeated, voice deadpanned.
Steve scratched the back of his neck.
“A werecat,” Bucky repeated more firmly, trying to get it through Steve’s thick skull what a terrible idea it was to have him meet Tony without entering a shouting match with Steve.
“Yes,” Steve hesitated to admit.
“Steve,” a bit of anger leaked into Bucky’s voice, so he paused to cull it back. “Tony is a werecat, and you really want the two of us to meet?”
Steve sighed, his shoulder dropping. “Bucky…”
“No!” Bucky bit back a bark. “Steve, I’m a werewolf, in case you have forgotten. Canine weres and feline weres do not get along well.”
“I’m a werecanine and Tony and I get along fine.”
“That’s not what you were saying last week.”
Steve’s cheeks pinked. “Okay, our relationship isn’t perfect, but we’re friends, and he is part of the team. You two are going to have to meet at some point, and you’ve had a lot of good weeks recently, and Tony has some free time today to come down to the facility. It’s just going to be for an hour.”
“You’ve never seen a dog maul a cat to death, have you, Steve?”
“Bucky!” Steve snapped, his blue eyes turning steely. “You’re not some wild animal that’s going to attack Tony, and I’ve made it perfectly clear to Tony that he is not allowed to bait you. Just be on your best behavior. I know you can do this. You never had trouble in the past.”
Bucky gritted his teeth. That was the problem: Bucky wasn’t the same person he was in the past. He always had to remind Steve of that, but either because he was just too stubborn to let go of the past or because he truly believed Bucky was a lot more like his old self than Bucky thought, Steve always reminded Bucky of what he had once been and argued Bucky could be that way again.
Bucky’s stomach churned with dread and doubt. “Well, it will be Tony’s funeral if something goes wrong. Unless he’s got that fancy metal suit on for protection.”
“Bucky!”
Bucky sat in the front office of the SHIELD facility. He shifted in discomfort in the overly plush chair that did not suit the military atmosphere of the place. Although, he supposed, even for military the facility was rather grandiose and upscale. It certainly was a step up from Hydra headquarters, but then again, a dumpster filled with used needles would be better than Hydra headquarters.
A receptionist/guard manned the front desk. She stapled papers together and stamped documents in a tirelessly rhythm that relaxed Bucky.
What little ease he gained though was soon lost as he heard Steve’s voice nearing him, accompanied by a voice Bucky only knew through news reports and a couple of videos Natasha had taken on her phone of Tony Stark.
“Listen, I’m just saying, it may not be the best time for this. I am stressed, Steve. Look at this.” There was some shuffling. “I am not in control.”
“Please, Tony. You’re already here, and Bucky has his own reservations about this meeting. If you cancel today, you two might not meet until the next big attack on a city or town.”
“That’s how you and I met, and that turned out fine.”
“Tony,” Steve reprimanded.
“Fine, fine. Just don’t blame me when this explodes in our faces.”
“What are you—”
“Trying not to make it too obvious.”
“It’s still very obvious.”
“Shut up, Steve.”
The door opened with a swish, revealing Steve in his Commander uniform and a shorter, dark haired man in gray dress trousers, a matching striped vest, a rolled up white sleeve shirt, a tacky furry belt, purple shades, and a gray fedora.
The fedora caught Bucky’s attention.
He may have never met Tony before, but he’d seen enough pictures of the billionaire to know the man didn’t run around wearing hats.
“Bucky.” Steve grinned and waved Bucky over to Tony. “Meet Tony.”
Bucky slowly rose from his chair. He reminded himself to smile—normal people smiled when meeting others for the first time—and extended his hand in greeting.
Tony turned slightly away from Bucky, eyeing Bucky’s hand while keeping his own shoved in his pockets. “I don’t like being handed things.”
Bucky’s nerves twinged with irritation. He didn’t even want to shake Tony’s hand, but at least he had offered. “I’m not handing you anything. It’s called a handshake, dumbass.”
Tony’s head snapped and he hissed, showing off canines that were slightly enlongated.
Bucky growled, the hackles on his neck rising.
Steve stepped in between them and put a hand on each of their chests. “You two just couldn’t make it through the greetings could you? Bucky, stop growling, and Tony, put your fangs away.”
Bucky cut off his growl, but grumbled. His instincts warred inside him. His decades in Hydra combined with Steve’s leadership caused a part of himself to curl up internally and back down, but another part of him recognized his wolf self as stronger and more battled-hardened than Steve’s Labrador self and refused to show submission to Steve. It didn’t help that despite his foggy memory, Bucky could vividly see a skin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Creatures & Monsters
Were-Creatures
Werecat Tony
werewolf bucky
Avengers Tower
SHIELD Facility
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe- Shifters
character focused
Thin Traces of Plot
very little plot
Complicated Relationships
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

