Work Text:
“Tony, you know everything is going to be fine. Of course Steve has every right to be angry with you though, I can’t imagine how unpleasant the experience was for him,” Bruce said with a sigh as he brought Tony a glass of water from the kitchen.The genius was a complete wreck; he’d been sleeping at Bruce’s small Manhattan apartment for the past three weeks, and almost every day of that was spent completely wasted. Tony didn’t want to think about the horrible rift he’d caused in he and Steve’s relationship, and he felt less and less hopeful that they’d get back together. He was so disgusted with himself that he’d broken two of Bruce’s mirrors after he saw his reflection in them, prompting Bruce to cover the remaining four in his house with black garbage bags.“No shit he can be mad at me! All I wanted to do was make him feel better about being a delicate little flower and he spins it into this. It was an accident for fuck’s sake, and now he won’t even let me see him! Bruce I think it’s over!” Tony wailed as he slapped the glass of water out of the scientist’s left and proceeded to chug the remainder of the fifth of Absolut resting in his right hand before tossing it against the wall, shattering the glass.Bruce took several long, deep breaths, keeping himself relaxed and calm as he grabbed the genius by the arm and led him to the guest bedroom. He helped Tony lay down on his side, brought a medium-size, black trash can next to the bed for him to puke into and then quietly left the room. As he heard Tony retch violently into the garbage, Bruce picked up his cellphone and dialed Steve’s cellphone number. Even though Tony was his best friend, he was growing tired of taking care of him and trying, unsuccessfully, to keep him sober.“Hello, this is Steve Rogers,” Steve answered calmly, waiting patiently for Bruce to respond.“Hey, Steve. This is Bruce. How are you feeling today?” Bruce asked casually, hoping to himself that the blonde had returned to his normal state of affairs so he could take Tony back.“Still small, but I should be back to normal in another week or two. I’ve been meaning to ask you, have you seen Tony? I felt good enough today to finally talk to him, but when I looked around for him in the tower I couldn’t find him. I tried to call his cellphone, but he didn’t answer,” the blonde asked, his voice laced with worry and fear.“Steve, he’s been staying with me the past three weeks. I know you two are fighting, but… Wait. You didn’t know Tony was gone?” the scientist asked, completely taken aback by Steve’s ignorance.“He’s been gone for three whole weeks?!? Jarvis, why didn’t you tell me!” Bruce heard Steve yell shrilly over the phone, causing him to almost drop the phone in surprise.After what seemed like an eternity of bickering between the A.I. and the skinny soldier, Steve got back on the phone.“Sorry about that, Bruce. You see, a while ago Tony and I were using Jarvis to spy on each other and now he won’t really tell us anything… Anyway, is Tony okay?” Steve asked breathily, and Bruce could tell that his friend was already exhausted from the menial activity.“Well he’s passed out right now from drinking too much, but he should be okay in the morning. Do you want me to keep him here until tomorrow, or do want to come and get him?” Bruce questioned as he walked back into the bedroom to look at his friend, who was snoring loudly as a few drops of vomit dripped out of his mouth and into the trashcan.“I’ll have Happy come and pick him up. You shouldn’t have to deal with our mess, Bruce,” Steve answered apologetically, and he could hear the blonde sniffling; he either was trying not to cry or he had a cold.“Thanks, Steve. He’s really sorry about whatever happened between you two,” the scientist responded, and right before the other line went silent he heard the blonde burst into hysterics.The next day, Tony woke up on their living room couch with arguably the worst hangover in his entire life. He slowly sat up and rubbed his temples in a gentle, circular motion, hoping it would relieve some of the pressure. As he regained consciousness, he looked over towards the door and saw his super-soldier leaning against the doorframe, fast asleep.“Steve?” Tony whispered as he carefully got up from the couch and hobbled over to his tall, muscular lover and tapped his shoulder.“Huh? What? Oh… Hey Tony,” Steve snapped awake and looked around until his eyes settled on the train wreck of a man standing in front of him.“Well, now that I’m back home, you’re back to normal and you let me back into the house we can just pretend this whole thing never happened,” the genius muttered as he tried to sneak past Steve, but he was grabbed by the back of his shirt, preventing him from moving any farther.Steve looked up and down at himself and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that he returned to his tall, buff state once more. Now that he was back to his strong, intimidating self, he could finally exact his revenge on T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Doctor/Patient
Roleplay
gape
Fisting
Anal Sex
Punishment
Enemas
Feminization
Steve gets even
Revenge Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

