Work Text:
When he opened his eyes, Tony groaned, not because of the light (which was harsh and sent his head into throbbing waves of pain) but because he was tied to a chair and it was not how he wanted to wake up.
“Mr. Stark,” said a man with a deep voice that sounded rather like how Tony imagined an oak tree would sound if trees spoke. “You’re awake again.”
“Again?” said Tony, eyes squinting, mentally going through the events that led up to him awakening in the chair.
It came back in flashes and with the flashes came the pain in various parts, again causing a groan to escape, this time because he just knew he was going to be stuck in bed for at least a week when he got out of it. 
“Now smile, Mr. Stark,” said the man, pressing a button on the video camera he had set up.
“Now I feel cheated,” commented Tony. “That’s not even a good camera. That’s old. What, does it still run on tape? Seriously, you kidnapped me, Tony Stark, you at least could have invested in a phone and use that camera. That quality would probably be better.”
“Would you shut up?” snapped the man. “I’m trying to steam this ransom video and you’re not helping.”
“Who are you streaming it to?” asked Tony.
“You team,” said the man.
“Hi team!” called Tony.
“Shut up!”
“Oh bite me! No wait, you might actually do that.”
The man came into view of the camera and backhanded Tony but Tony couldn’t find it in him to care because he got what he wanted, the team had an image to work with. If anything, JARVIS could run a trace and match it to cameras leading to his whereabouts. All he needed to do was wait.
“Now, Avengers, listen up,” said the man, turning back to the camera and man this man was truly stupid if he thought he was going to get away with it. “I have Tony Stark. I want-“
“I want a cheeseburger,” said Tony. “Also I would really like a milkshake.”
“I want –“
“And while we’re taking orders I would like a –“
“Mr. Stark if you do not shut up I will put you back in the water.”
He made good on the threat, too. On camera. And for a while Tony held out pretty well, but then the water and repetition and oxygen deprivation took over and sent him down the rabbit hole of panic.
When the Avengers burst into the room, the man was holding Tony under the water. They wasted no time in taking the man down, Clint keeping an arrow trained on the man while Steve and Bucky took care of Tony, dragging the billionaire out of the water and into the air.
“Tones, you’re okay, it’s okay, I’ve got you,” said Steve, sitting back on the ground with Tony against his chest, coughing up dirty water and trembling.
“That’s it, deep breaths,” said Bucky, crouching in front of Tony, blocking the rest of the room from view. “You did so well. He can’t hurt you anymore.”
“Bruce!” called Steve, looking around for the team doctor. 
When Tony managed to open his eyes again it was because someone was trying to pull him away from Steve – he knew it was Steve holding him because he smelled like Steve. He latched on to Steve with a soft cry.
“It’s okay,” assured Steve. “You’re all wet, darling, it’s just a blanket. I’m not going anywhere.”
But the blanket smelled strange – like starch and old cucumbers – and Steve smelled way better even though Steve smelled like sweat and gun powder, he still smelled like Steve and not old water or pain and that nasty blanket that someone – probably Bruce – kept trying to wrap around him.
“Tony, come on, you’re freezing,” sighed Bruce. “If you’re not going to let me check you yet then you at least need to keep your body temperature up.”
“Smells bad,” protested Tony, trying to both burrow closer to Steve and throw the blanket off for the seventh time.
Bruce sounded like he was about to protest, drawing in a deep breath to explain the logic behind his statement but he was drowned out by Bucky taking off his own leather jacket and wrapping it around Tony’s shoulders. Tony settled with an inaudible sigh while Bruce shot a grateful look to the ex-assassin. 
By the time they arrived back at the Tower, Tony was calm enough to let Bruce tend his wounds. The billionaire sat patiently, leaning back against Bucky who sat behind him on the bench to keep him upright. Bruce asked questions but it was nothing like being at medical of any sort; Bruce was patient and didn’t take it personally when Tony flinched at needles unlike most of the doctors Tony had worked with. The genius had a way of infuriating every doctor but Bruce, either with his words or actions. Bruce had told Tony that he would try not to send him into a panic attack and Tony in turn promised to actively try not to make Bruce Hulk out while working on him, an amicable agreement if there ever was one.
“So do you want to talk about it?” asked Bruce as he wrapped the last of the tape around Tony’s wrist to keep the gauze in place over the stitches. 
“Not in the slightest,” replied Tony. “I want to be cuddled and have coffee and sleep for a week and pretend this never happened.”
“Well that works out well sinc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Implied/Referenced Torture
Waterboarding
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve
Protective Bucky Barnes
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Cuddles
Nightmares
Good Boyfriend Bucky Barnes
Good Boyfriend Steve Rogers
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

