Work Text:

...
 It starts out as a joke. Rhodey – fresh from some super-secret military mission of some super-secret description and in need of a few Tony-specific repairs to War Machine Iron Patriot – takes one look at Tony and Harley tinkering with and squabbling over a piece of tech and demands, only half-jokingly, "Since when do you have a kid?" Harley glances up at Rhodey and then back down to the miniature robot he’s working on and says casually, without missing a beat, "He impregnated my mom ten years ago and then left her to raise me alone. He's a horrible person. I had to track him down and everything before he’d see me." And Tony – Tony has to reign in his amused snicker, because he and the kid are totally on the same wavelength here, and this is going to be fun. "Excuse you, ungrateful spawn –” he says to Harley in a tone of Great Offence “– who, exactly, is currently standing in Tony Stark's workshop as part of an all-expenses-paid trip to New York?"  “This is a guilt-holiday,” Harley says, playing it up as he pulls a wire out of the way so he can ease a screwdriver underneath it and start twisting. “I’m only here because you feel guilty about neglecting me my entire childhood.” “Entire childhood,” Tony scoffs, and hands the kid the tiny screw he needs to complete this next section. “You’re like, seven. You’ve got years of childhood still ahead of you.” “Ten,” Harley corrects, and pokes his tongue between his teeth as he focuses on the wiring. “And recent American studies have proven that kids these days are growing up way faster than old people had to, so, you know. I don’t actually have that many years left before I’m – you know. Old.” “You make it sound like you’re dying, sheesh, being an adult’s not that bad, calm down. You get to do shit like drive cars and drink alcohol and go places without a constant parental accompaniment.” “Yeah, but I’m also gonna be expected to wash and iron my own clothes when I’m an adult. Have you ever ironed anything? I bet you haven’t. You probably wouldn’t even recognise a clothes iron if you saw one. Well my mom’s made me iron before, and it’s torture. I think I might prefer death to having to iron my own washing, actually. Can you see the flathead screwdriver anywhere?” “It’s behind your ear, and wow, you are so dramatic. Has anyone ever told you how dramatic you are? Because you are exceedingly dramatic.” “Because you’re, you know, not dramatic at all,” Harley returns, trading out the tiny screwdriver in his hand for the one that had indeed been perched behind his ear. “In actual fact, I am a paragon of – hey, Rhodes, what the hell’d you do to my suit?” Rhodey is still standing just inside the entrance to the workshop, his eyes wide and jaw slack as he stares at Tony and Harley with something akin to horror. Is that horror? Yeah, Tony’s pretty sure that’s horror. Rhodey’s staring at the two of them with a face of appalled horror, and Tony has to bite his cheek to keep from laughing. “You – ” Rhodey starts, and then stalls, and Tony leaves Harley at the bench (nothing in the vicinity can explode; he’ll be fine unsupervised for a few minutes, and look at Tony being all responsible, wow, he’s --- kind of weirded out by that, actually) and propels his wheelie-chair over to War Machine Iron Patriot to poke the suit in the leg. “Jeez, Rhodes, this isn’t a dodgem car, seriously – what did you do to it?” Rhodey’s still staring at Harley with a slack jaw, Tony can see out the corner of his eye, and it’s a real effort to school his expression back into “emotionally-attached-to-his-work scientist whose tech has been damaged” before the Colonel looks back down at him with huge eyes, but he manages it. “Ten?” Rhodey asks, sounding – strangled? Yeah, strangled. Hee. This is great. Tony’s enjoying this too much, possibly. “Yeah, ten,” he says casually. “And a hell of an attitude for a pint-sized kid from Backwater, Tennessee, I tell you what.” The indignant “Hey!” from Harley is entirely expected and entirely ignored, and Tony snaps his fingers in front of Rhodey’s eyes. “My suit, Rhodey, focus. What did you do to my suit.” It takes a second for the words to register (because Rhodey’s stopped staring at Tony and is back to staring at Harley instead) but Tony sees the moment the words penetrate. “What did I – ” Rhodes says, blinking and looking back down at Tony. “You know I can’t tell you that, man. It got dinged up, it needs fixing, you’re the only man for the job – come on, you know this drill by now.” While he’s speaking he reaches down and grips Tony by the arm (with his still-suited hand, mind, which – ow) and starts dragging him over to the set of benches where suit repairs or alterations usually take place. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he demands in a hiss as he tugs-slash-drags Tony along with him. “Tell you when, exactly – you’ve been off missioning for months, and I only found out about him like a month ago,” Tony replies, casual, and reaches out to flick a switch. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & the Avengers
Thor/Jane (mentioned)

freeform: 
Harley comes to stay at the tower for a few days
he and tony might accidentally give everyone the impression that he's tony's kid?
it's totally an accident though
then a bad guy happens
and tony is protective
also
harley is one crazy kid
nothing will ever happen that will phase that child
except maybe nat when she quotes sherlock holmes
Sherlock Holmes References
(thanks nat)
it's nearly 1 am i shouldn't be tagging someone stop me
also bucky barnes is sweet soul who needs to be protected
harley adores him
and buck kind of adores the kid back
but mostly tony
tony pretends not to but he adores harley
and harley doesn't even bother hiding how much he idolises tony
but they are NOT ACTUALLY RELATED and tony is surprised he has to spell this out to everyone
misunderstandings are had
and then resolved
this is 23 pages of snark and accidental pranking
Irondad

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & the Avengers
Thor/Jane (mentioned)

