Chapter 1: Yesterday's Just a Memory
    




Chapter Text
Yesterday's just a memory, tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be. - Bob Dylan She sat up with a start, immediately aware of the biting cold and not much more.The street she was looking at through swirling snow was profoundly unfamiliar. She kept expecting the haze to clear and the memory of where she was and why she was here to rise in her mind.After a few long moments, she realized that it wasn’t coming. Her breath started to come in short unmanageable gasps, never bringing enough oxygen to slow the spinning in her head.She tried to take stock.The heavy boots and thick socks she was wearing were unfamiliar. The laces were worn and the toes, which she cautiously tapped against each other – steel reinforced, were scuffed. They felt worn in and comfortable, but the weight of them was an unaccustomed pull on her ankles and she was sure she had never seen them before.The long black pants fit well. The thick canvass-like material stretched ever so slightly across her thighs. She felt the gentle weight of something in the cargo pocket against her right hip.The jacket she wore was dark green. Like the boots, the jacket felt heavily made and well worn. The thick down lining was protecting her well against the freezing weather and the fur lined hood was pulled up around her ears and over a black toque covering her braided hair.She put a hand, covered in a thin leather glove, into the right pocket of her pants. She came up with a passport and a thick wad of Euros.This review did nothing to calm her racing nerves.She shoved the cash and passport back into her pocket and cast around herself frantically for any clues as to where she was.She could see a large building across the street from her through the stinging snow, roman columns lining the front. Was she in London? She thought maybe she was in London.She stood up, immediately stumbling to catch herself on the arm of the bench she had been sitting on. Her body felt…wrong; off, somehow. Had her legs been so thickly muscled before? Had they had this kind of power?She took a few wary steps and then jogged across the street until she could see a sign at the front of the building.Нацыянальны мастацкі музей Рэспублікі БеларусьThe Belarusian National Art Museum? How did she get to Belarus?
When did she learn to read Belarusian?
She was shaking, standing frozen in place. A woman in a long black coat with a brilliant red scarf wrapped around her neck and a fur cap pulled low over her ears stopped in front of her. The woman looked at her with a steady gaze that betrayed nothing.“Darcy Lewis?” She spoke in English, only a hint of question in her tone.“Yeah, I…who are you? What’s…” She could barely manage to get much out through a clenched throat and chattering teeth.“My name is Natasha,” she said in a low voice, looking around as if afraid of being overheard, “I am a friend of Dr. Jane Foster.”“Jane?” It felt like a rush of relief to hear something that her mind connected to. “We were in London…and then…is she okay?”“Dr. Foster is fine,” the woman, Natasha, said in a reassuringly confident tone, “I can take you to see her, if you want to come with me?”Something in her rebelled against going anywhere with a stranger. Her right hand twitched against her hip in a way that felt familiar yet utterly strange.“Why should I trust you?” she said in a sharp tone that she hardly recognized.Natasha raised one perfectly groomed eyebrow. “Dr. Foster’s favorite pop tarts are the cherry flavored ones,” she said, “but you can’t stand them.”“They taste like cough syrup.” The words slipped out of Darcy and she found, once they came out, that they were true. She let out a little sob. “I want to go home.”“I can do that,” said Natasha in that same unshakable voice “Let’s get you inside.”In an alley across the street, a man dressed in black watched the two women walk away. Only when the figures had disappeared into the grey-white cloud of snow did he turn, his shoulders hunched and hands shoved in his pockets, and trudge away in the opposite direction.++Natasha sat her down in a small attic apartment on the top floor of an old brick building and placed a cup of steaming tea into her still gloved hands before she spoke again.“Listen,” she said, looking at Darcy with reassuringly clear and calm eyes, “I will tell you everything that I know, and I’ll do it before I call in so they can’t tell me not to.” This hint of insubordination made Darcy feel better about the woman in front of her than anything else had so far. “But first I need to know what you remember.”Darcy nodded and thought carefully. “You’re SHIELD, aren’t you?” she asked.Natasha tilted her head to the side curiously, but nodded.“I remember being in London,” Darcy said, “After we destroyed, like, an entire city block. SHIELD was there for the cleanup and de-brief. Jane left with Thor eventually. SHIELD offered me a job in New York, and I remember going to the airport. I think…I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Memory Loss
Espionage
badassery

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

