Work Text:
So, if someone told Bucky he’d be spending his weekend in the hospital for one of the most embarrassing occurrences of his life, he’d probably laugh in their face and tell them to go fuck off. He knows what he’s doing. He’s been– quite literally– training his ass since he was a teenager for this kind of stuff.But here he is, scrunched up uncomfortably leaning back on an ER bed and keeping his ankles tucked up under his ass. Thinking back on it now, he’s surprised at how calm he’d been when he’d walked into the hospital, bow-legged and teary-eyed. He absolutely meant to get it that far up there, but he’d been smart! He’d threaded the damn thing, but when he went to pull it out, the small hole he made through the meat and wrapper strained against him pulling the thread and pop went the string out and up the salami went.That’s right.Bucky Barnes is currently in the hospital because he has eleven inches of cold, thick salami up his ass.“I’m gonna die like this,” Bucky blurts to absolutely no one. He is surrounded by nothing but a monitor (isn’t even on), a rolling stool doctors liked to sway in when they talk to patients, and a curtain that gives him some semblance of privacy. He can hear the people around him, scuffling around and mumbling– broken sobs from people bleeding out on the ER floor (okay not that bad, but Bucky has a flair for drama). He wonders if the nurses are laughing at him. He wonders if the doctors are laughing at him. Probably. Probably everyone is laughing at him. Who shoves salami up their ass?Bucky does apparently.He adjusts his weight, gasping when the salami moves inside him, warm up against his insides now and pressing awkwardly into his intestines. It usually feels good to be so full– to feel the girth slip right up into his intestines and stretch out his rim so tight it’s like smooth velvet. But right now, right now he can’t stop thinking about the mortification he’ll feel when he sees his doctor finally.He’s been checked in by a medical assistant who clearly decided Bucky was way above her pay grade. Honestly, he doesn’t blame her. Who’d want to deal with some idiot gay kid who likes shoving rather strange objects up his ass? Truthfully, Bucky’s surprised he’s not had this delightful experience before. He’s used plugs that’d make a woman see cross-eyed, anal beads that were so long he’s pretty sure they slipped right up into his intestines and danced along with him when he swayed his hips to the rib-shaking beat at the clubs, he’s used cucumbers, eggplants, carrots and anything remotely resembling a dick.But there was some kind of unspoken challenge by the eleven inch long and one and a half inch in diameter salami that he really wanted to try out. It felt good, going in. Filled him up so nice, making him feel tighter than a fucking blushing schoolgirl before prom night. It’d slipped in so easily and his cock was throbbing, begging to come just from the sensation of that chunk of meat reaching back further than his canal went, the soft dip it slipped up into and then…And then it started to hurt.And then he’d pulled too fast.And now here he is.The pain is tolerable at this point, sometimes if he breathes in a bit too deeply he gets a little twang of pain but other than that, it’s a dull pressure deep within his body. He slams his head back against the bed, staring up at the florescent lighting. It’s mocking him, laughing with its blinding luminosity that casts no shadow against his shame. He wouldn’t be so shameful of his little hobby when it’s just him and the dog at home if he hadn’t panicked.The thread would’ve held if he’d just pulled it out nice and slow. Like he’d practiced. And he had practiced. He isn’t an amateur at deep anal insertion. If you’re going to be an idiot at least be smart about it (and look how well that turned out).“Okay Bucky!” a man with an auburn beard chimes happily as he’s eyeing Bucky’s chart. He’s got the prettiest shade of blond atop his head and his muscles barely fit in those blue scrubs.“You my doctor?” Bucky asks, already wanting to dig himself a hole and just die in it. Salami deeply penetrated into him and all.The man smiles. It’s kind and his eyes sparkle like some God damned love-interest in a soap opera. Bucky can’t decide if he wants to punch him or kiss him (probably both).“No. I’m a nurse. Name’s Steve.”Bucky tries to smile but he shifted his pelvis and the salami is moving downward a bit. Bucky gasps, biting his lower lip. He can feel the salami still in his rectum– just barely out of reach for his fingers but still pressing into him like a damn cock ready to pound him senseless.“How’s it goin’?” Steve asks, a knowing smirk on his bearded face with his twinkling blue eyes and those red fucking lips and okay Jesus, Bucky wants to kiss him.“I’ve got eleven inches of salami up my ass. How’dya think it’s goin’?” Bucky grits out.Steve’s brow raises but he doesn’t say anything. Just merely jots down something on his clipboard.Bucky bite
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Hospital
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Nurse Steve Rogers
Grad Student Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Smut
Inappropriate uses of medical equipment
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Daddy Kink
Anal Fisting
Double Anal Penetration
Deep Anal Penetration Kink
Rimming
Cock Warming
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Crygasms
Prostate Milking
Aftercare
Massage
Daddy kink is pretty light
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Sassy Steve Rogers
Brat Bucky Barnes
Sex Toys
Fluff and Humor
Bearded Steve Rogers
Beard Burn
Nail Digging and Teeth Biting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

