Work Text:
Thor is impatient in the next room although he never complains, so Loki lingers in the dressing chamber before the full-length mirror.Loki stares at himself, and Thor's gift. Thor's latest gift, the newest bribe: a seal fur cape swallowing him up in the gigantic mirror's reflection. It is exquisite: plush and rare beneath his fingers and heavy on his narrow shoulders, and he must pull the front edges together or else it won't hide how heavy with child he is.He is a very pretty slut.His cock twitches at the thought; maybe it excites Thor as much as it does him. The implications: being loose; well-fucked; a base whore, knocked up by someone undeniably beneath him, perhaps even someone worthless. A prince bearing the child of a wastrel. What shame upon the House of Odin.That Thor is associated with someone like this.But Thor never gifted him a luxury house in Vanaheim with a full staff of servants before, so.If Thor were a different man, he might try to force Loki to stay this way: lock him up in his chambers with barricades and seidr, fuck a babe into him every year, humping him like a beast in rut until he's certain he's filled Loki's womb.That lust was always there in his big brother's eyes, but he kept his hands to himself—until Loki's present state proved an exception for Thor's self-control. Did his old self do this with Thor?Loki doesn't know and no one mentions it; he is content with that.He leaves the bedroom, the seal fur forming an inky, velvet train behind him like a stain.Thor is sitting on the bed, resting his elbows on his knees as he gazes absently into the fire. He looks up when Loki enters, the glazed look in his eyes melting away, only to return when Loki releases the edges of the cape and exposes himself. Thor swallows audibly, his gaze rising and falling over his form, and he takes a deep breath, his mouth hanging just slightly open; still regal, but his composure fraying at the edges.When he draws close, Thor does no more than lightly lay his fingertips on Loki's thighs. Reverent, respectful, tender. As though Loki is not heavy with child because he is a whore.Thor, his larger than life big brother, still afraid of trespassing, as though he has not done it with relish before. “Are you going to claim me today?” Loki asks smoothly. He entwines his fingers beneath his belly, cupping it, framing the evidence—of his fertility? His mistake? His recklessness? His moral desolation?Thor's eyelids flutter shut, but his hold on Loki's thighs grows tight; Loki exults in his power to make the hero tremble.“You are too young to lie with me,” he answers.Loki takes his hand and places it on his belly; the thick, callused fingers immediately conform to the curve to cup and stroke and feel.“I am also too young to have children,” he replies sweetly, indulgently. He leans in so his bare, rounded stomach presses against his brother's flat, sculpted one, and whispers in his ear, “Do you want to pretend it's yours?”He feels Thor's shaky breath gust out against his shoulder. “It's not mine,” Thor retorts weakly. “I have no claim over you or the babe,” he whispers as he slides one big, callused hand up his little back, over the spine he could snap in two—if Thor could bear to harm his baby brother.“Yes, you do, brother,” Loki coos, “You got me this way; now everyone knows I'm a debased, little slut but no one knows it's yours. It's our secret: You, the golden prince, you lost control and fucked your little brother, when he was barely old enough to have hair on his chest. You saw and you lusted and you kept spreading me, mounting me, until you knew you'd gotten what you wanted.“You kept pumping my little womb full of seed, slavering like a beast at your fantasy. Yes, you fantasized about doing this wrong for years; but you do not do things by halves, brother—it was not enough to dishonor a milkmaid or a princess, but your own brother! You wouldn't ruin the reputation of a noble maiden, but you were happy to ruin your dear brother,” Loki murmurs sweetly into his ear. Thor is shaking as he wraps his arms more tightly around Loki's hips, keeping him close as he nuzzles and licks at Loki's neck. But Loki wants to break him, to make him the villain he longs to be: the shameful demon inside unleashed and rutting between his baby brother's thighs, at last utterly lost to his conscience.“You dreamed of it. You prayed I wouldn't ask questions of what might happen when you tumbled me in bed, for you knew I'd tell you to stop; you stayed silent, hoping I wouldn't think twice until after you'd gotten your babe inside me. Hmm? Is that about right?”Thor seizes him and bites deep into the side of his neck with a groan. He grinds his hips against Loki's thighs and belly. “You're tiny,” Thor rasps, as though this is new. “Makes you look so tiny.“I would have given you children, if you'd only asked,” he continues shakily as his hand wraps around Loki's cock. Thor is clearly lost to it now, and Loki smiles in wicked satisf
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Adult!Thor
Teenage!Kid Loki
Age Difference
Mpreg
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Size Difference
Thor has a Smallness Size Kink and Loki is Le Tiny
unknown father
Temporarily Intersex Loki via Seidr
Anal Fingering
Vaginal Fingering
Frottage
Masturbation
Mentions of Cum-Stuffing
Porn with Feelings
Loki is a precocious little shit
Incest
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

