Chapter 1: Two Brothers
    




Chapter Text
Clint Barton was beginning to regret his offer to host this year's Barton Thanksgiving Dinner. Or, rather, this year's Barton Thanksgiving Week Long Festival, because that's truly what it was. The Barton Clan took this holiday very seriously. Typically James hosted (his eldest brother - James Bond), but, well, considering the way Skyfall Manor had been blown to smithereens a few months prior, that wasn't a viable option. No one else had a large enough house, either - Jason's diner being the only place large enough to even fit them all in for the famous Thanksgiving Dinner. Of course, the one year that Jason had hosted, he insisted on cooking for everyone. Let's just say it did not end well. Jason wasn't a bad cook, per say... he just had an interesting idea of what ingredients went well together and what ones didn't.
 So, Clint was the only one who had space enough to host, seeing as he'd been living in Stark Tower for the past few months. It's just that... well, he hadn't really gotten a chance to ask Tony if it was okay. Or any of the other Avengers, for that matter. In fact, he hadn't even gotten a chance to tell them about his (very, very large) family. Actually, that wasn't entirely true. Natasha knew, seeing as she'd been his plus one last year. 
That was another part of Thanksgiving: everyone was allowed a "plus one." Of course, it hadn't always been like that. Originally, it was a purely family event, a chance for Clint to celebrate with his seven (yes, seven) brothers - a chance for all of them to catch up and keep in touch. It had been John's idea, as all of their family ideas seemed to be. It hadn't even been a real get-together, John had just called all of them on Thanksgiving day to check in and make sure everyone was doing okay.
This was after the car crash, you see. Both their mother and their father had died in a drunk driving accident. Clint hated the word "accident." He never really thought of it as an "accident." His father didn't "accidentally" drink all that alcohol, and he didn't "accidentally" go out for a drive. Maybe he didn't mean to wrap the car around a tree, but Clint had always thought of it as more of a bad decision than an accident. Not really an "on purpose" but certainly not an "accident." (He knew everyone else agreed with him. His brothers, at least.)
Either way, whether "accidentally" or "on purpose," all nine of the Barton boys ended up in an orphanage, with no next of kin in sight. At first Clint thought it might not be so bad, the orphanage. There was no more drinking and no more screaming and everyone had enough to eat. It was just him and his brothers. Clint liked that idea. He liked that idea right up until James, John, and Aaron got taken away. He'd screamed and cried and fought even though he knew it was useless, as the orphanage director tried to explain to him that James and John couldn't stay at the orphanage, that they were going to a different orphanage because they were teen-agers. 
He knew why Aaron was being taken away, though, and that scared him even more. He'd heard the hushed conversations before with words too big for his seven year old mind to really understand. He didn't need the nurse to explain to him that Aaron was different - he knew that Aaron wasn't very smart. He knew how people looked at Aaron and how Aaron had trouble understanding things. He knew that people called Aaron things like "retard" and "stupid." He also remembered how it made Aaron cry, how James and John had to hold him and tell him that everything was alright, how John had said that he wasn't stupid, just-just sick. 
John didn't have an answer when Aaron asked when he was going to get better. 
Losing Aaron hurt. Losing John and James hurt. But Clint knew that everything would have hurt much more if John hadn't made the Thanksgiving phone calls. John was nice and smart and it really was no wonder that he got adopted right away, even if he was already fourteen years old. The Watsons were nice people, Clint had actually met them once, long after he was grown up and gone from the orphanage. They had moved to England only a year after adopting John, but the distance didn't feel that large, considering his only contact to John was through the phone anyway. Amazingly, James got adopted too, by another British family. Clint always liked the sound of the name "James Bond." 
The hard part, though, was when Will and Jason were adopted. Will and Jason were always the calm ones, the smart ones. They took after John. (Clint never referred to any of his siblings as to taking after his mother or father. It was always John or James.) Maria Walsh was a nice woman, Clint supposed later on, but to his eight year old self, she was the devil incarnate for taking away his brothers. 
(When Clint cried to Barney about it later, Barney just snapped at him and said that he'd probably get adopted next, because people liked identical twins. Identical twins were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Brian Gamble/Jim Street
William Brandt/Ethan Hunt
Aaron Cross/Marta Shearing
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Allison Beaumont/Jason Walsh
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James Bond/Q

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Mention of Mental Retardation/Intellecutal Disability
Thanksgiving
Holidays
Fluff
Self-Esteem
Sextuplets
Crossover

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Brian Gamble/Jim Street
William Brandt/Ethan Hunt
Aaron Cross/Marta Shearing
Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Allison Beaumont/Jason Walsh
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James Bond/Q

