Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The card simply said, “Happy Father's Day!”Tony studied it, a faint frown on his face.  “Well, that's random,” he said, flipping the thin card over.  The paper was delicate, a fine linen more associated with a high class wedding invitation than a card from a mall shop.  There were no other identifying marks, just the black script printing.  “Not to mention completely out of season.  Jarvis, where did this come from?”“It was with today's mail,” Jarvis said, and Tony reached for the envelope.  His name and the address was printed in the same elegant script, but there was no stamp, or return address.  He turned it over, considered the back, where a red wax seal had held the flap closed.  He'd broken it when he opened the envelope, but as he pressed it back together,  he could make out the elaborate seal that had been pressed into the hot wax.  It wasn't familiar.“And that is our weirdness of the day.”  Tony tossed the card and the envelope onto the counter and reached for the coffee pot.“How many cups of that have you had today?” Steve said from the doorway, and Tony occupied himself with pouring a cup and getting out of reach before it was taken away from him.“How are we defining 'today?'” Tony asked, scooting back and away, his hands wrapped protectively around his coffee mug.  “That is not a good answer,” Steve said, but he was grinning, his eyes dancing.  He collected the nearly empty pot from the machine and frowned into the dark depths.  “Have you eaten?”“Yes,” Tony said, because he was pretty sure he had.  At some point.  He seemed to recall a smoothie of some sort being pushed into his hand.  Maybe that was yesterday.“Did you eat anything that required chewing?” Steve asked, dumping the dregs of the coffee down the sink and rinsing the pot.  Still dressed in his morning running gear, a simple pair of grey sweatpants and a white t-shirt that should've been illegal, it was so tight.  He looked positively edible.  Tony leaned back against the counter, enjoying the view.  Steve glanced in his direction.  “Tony?”“Food, yes.  Yes, I have consumed food, it's fine.  Absolutely-”  He dodged as Steve made a grab for his coffee cup.  “Hey!  Hey, I am a grown man, I can, you know what?  I resent this, this is just unacceptable-”  He gave up on trying to talk his way out of the situation and just chugged the coffee before he was relieved of his cup.  It was too strong and too hot and he didn't care.  He finished it in two quick gulps and nearly choked on the last drops.  “Ha!”“How, exactly, did you survive this long without someone taking care of you?” Steve said, taking the empty cup out of Tony's  hand with a shake of his head.  He leaned in for a kiss, and that, Tony surrendered with a grin.  Steve's lips tasted like orange juice and the press of his body was familiar and comfortable.  Tony slipped his arms around Steve's back, letting his hands rest on the curve of Steve's ass.“I am a fully functioning adult,” Tony said, when Steve finally relinquished his lips.  Tony grinned, feeling the heat of Steve's breath against his mouth.  “You'd be dead if it wasn't for Jarvis.”“And I made Jarvis, so, got it all under control!” Tony gave Steve's ass a squeeze, just to watch the man blush.  It never failed.  And it never failed to amuse.  “I'm fine, you're fine, everyone's fine, I'm gonna make another pot of coffee now.”“Breakfast, Tony,” Steve said, and he leaned in for another kiss, sweet and gentle and affectionate.“We could go back to bed,” Tony suggested, arching away from the counter and into Steve's body, making Steve's breath hitch.  “C'mon, the entire team's out of the tower this morning, how often does that happen?  Let's go have sex somewhere inappropriate.”“No,” Steve told him, but he didn't move away.  Grinning, Tony slid his fingers under the waistband of Steve's sweatpants.  “Tony...”Before Tony could do anything they'd both regret, like pants Steve in the middle of the kitchen, an alarm sounded.  They jerked apart.  “Jarvis, what's happening?” Tony snapped.“Intruder alert,” Jarvis said.  “The workshop has an unauthorized occupant.”Tony's stomach bottomed out.  “How the-  Lock it down!”“Tony, wait!” Steve yelled after him, but he was already running for the door.*The workshop was empty.  Through the glass doors, they could see two of the bots hovering over one of the largest workbenches.  Tony reached for the keypad, and Steve caught his wrist.  “Not a chance,” he bit out.  “Jarvis, what're we looking at here?”“Threat is minimal.  No weapons detected.  Intruder is not a physical threat.”  There was a pause.  “Sir, the situation is outside of normal parameters.”“Yeah, what isn't, around here?”  Tony keyed in his code, and Steve bit back a curse.  Before Tony could object, he slipped between Tony and the door, providing him some cover.  “Steve...”“We're not having this discussion,” Steve said, his hand on the door, holding it shut.  “Stay behind me, or no matter how low of a threa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Domestic
Family
Kidfic
Magic
Everything's okay in the end
Suddenly parenthood

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

