Work Text:
Steve sees him, sees him strung up by his arms and legs spread wide, sees his flesh bulging between the tight, tight grip of those appendages holding him, sees one more tentacle-like appendage of Amphitretus—the marine biologist who had an unfortunate accident (because wasn’t that how all villains got their powers?) that merged his DNA with that of the octopus he was studying—wrap around his neck and another wrap around his chest, avoiding the arc reactor and squeezing, squeezing, squeezing.
 
He sees Tony gasp and struggle and struggle, to no avail. He sees Amphitretus smirk and caress the arc reactor as though a lover before slipping his fingers into the catches that would release it. He sees Tony try to protest, but all that comes out is a labored gasp because another of the bastard’s tentacles slips between his legs, caressing his flaccid, naked erection as it went, and slides itself in him, slowed only by the suckers that leaves perfectly round hickeys on Tony’s thighs. He sees the bastard press a kiss to Tony’s throat as he pulls the reactor from its cradle, slowly but with no hesitation.
 
He sees all this and tries valiantly to stop it, hindered by the bonds that kept him kneeling on the floor. He yells invectives at the bastard. He begs him to let Tony go and take him instead. He swears to kill him and he means it. And then Tony is gasping and jerking, telling, telling and terrifying signs that he’s succumbing to the loss of the arc reactor, and Steve screams.
 
And then Steve sees himself grabbing Amphitretus by the neck and snapping it easily, quickly and without hesitation, and he sees himself take the arc reactor and plug it back in. He sees himself cradling and caressing Tony and murmuring and coaxing him and sees himself hug Tony when he jerks back to life and sees himself burying his face into Tony’s chest in relief.
 
He sees all this and cannot understand why it’s so because he’s still struggling to free himself from the unbreakable bonds that hold him.
 
“Steve,” is Tony’s hoarse gasp. He lifts his hand and strokes the other Steve’s cheek, displaying his arms decorated with hickeys and bruises. The other Steve chokes out a half-laugh, half-sob and presses his forehead to Tony’s, his tears falling rapidly on Tony’s cheeks. “Steve, why are you crying?” Tony asks, and the other Steve just gasps some more of those laugh-sobs before they finally devolve into just sobs, and he’s crying into Tony’s neck.
 
“I lost you,” he sobs. “I lost you.” And Tony looks confused while he pets Steve’s hair.
 
“It was a close call, Cap. Not one I’d like to repeat, but I’m here. You haven’t lost me,” he explains tenderly. Steve just shakes his head and lifts it back up to look at Tony, stroking his face and neck and hair as though he couldn’t get enough of him, couldn’t believe he existed.
 
And then he’s kissing Tony.
 
“Let go of him!!!” Steve suddenly screams from where he’s still tied up. His confusion is overcome by rage, and he resumes his struggling anew. Tony pulls back suddenly, as though burned, his eyes flickering rapidly between the Steve that held him and the Steve on the other side of the room. The Steve that held him looks annoyed and sympathetic and apologetic all at the same time as he glances at the bound Steve. “Let him go,” Steve repeats firmly and, surprisingly enough, the other Steve does just that, gently setting Tony down on the floor before moving to help him out of his bonds. Steve, free now, slams the other Steve up against the nearest wall. “Who are you?” he spits.
 
“Later. Get Tony to medical first. Please. I’ll answer all of your questions,” the other Steve promises. Steve presses his forearm harder against the neck before him before letting him go and walking toward Tony. He refuses to take his eyes off the other Steve as he picks his teammate up.
 
“Walk. And don’t try anything,” he warns the other Steve. Tony was still looking between them, mightily confused and just a little bit alarmed. Steve can’t say he didn’t share the sentiment.
 
……………
 
“I came…” starts Steve, the imposter, then pauses. “I—I don’t really know how to explain this without sounding stupid. I came from the future, a few months ahead of today.” Around him, the entire Avengers team, Nick Fury, Phil Coulson and Maria Hill surround him, looming ominously. His eyes flicker to Tony. Often. The other looms less ominously and more curiously than his teammates, but Steve is only happy to see him safe and sound, albeit a little banged up. He tries not to feel jealous of the way his past self partially shields Tony from him.
 
“The future?” It bothers Steve that Tony’s voice is still hoarse hours after.
 
“Several months, yes. We were… unsuccessful in containing Amphitretus then, so I asked for the assistance of Odin to send me back here and contain him.” Thor perks up at the sound of his father’s name.
 
“And the Allfather granted it?” he sounds dubious. Steve pauses, then nods.
 
“You helped me persuade hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Selfcest
(like incest but with yourself)
Time Travel
Implied or Off-stage Rape/Non-con
Rape/Non-con Elements
tiny bit of tentacle porn just because

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

