Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 “He's a danger to wildlife” Bucky declares, showing up in the communal kitchen first thing in the morning, covered in blood and a dead pigeon clutched in his metal hand.Steve shrugs and flips a pancake “Well, at least he's not a danger to human life anymore. It's progress.”“Don't undermine wildlife, you insensitive fuel-burner.” Bucky says and, in a show of utter hypocrisy, throws the dead bird in the trash. “We have to give him something to do. I feel like he's about to get out of hand again out of sheer boredom.”Steve frowns “You can feel it? Really? That's new”Bucky hands him a piece of napkin, slightly spotted with blood and scribbled over with a blue pen, “I'm bored. Give me a mission or next time it's not going to be a pigeon.” Steve reads and scrunches up his nose. At least the note is in English. “Well, that's pretty straightforward, and you gotta give him credit, he wrote it in pen and not in pigeon blood.”“Apparently it's not as easy as it sounds. There were at least dozen failed attempts scattered around my room. I think he got frustrated.”Steve grins, obviously not taking the situation as seriously as he should, and motions for Bucky to get washed up for breakfast.“What's up, buttercup?” Comes Tony's voice as he strides in, business suit on, the tie thrown over his shoulder and hair chaotically styled. He graciously waltzes around Bucky and steals a pancake from the plate Steve's been stacking them on.“Well, aren't you unusually chirp for ass-crack in the morning?” Bucky asks, cleaning his hands. Damn blood, always so hard to wash off.“Well, today's R&D meeting is with our green engine division. It's an experimental territory and I can't wait to see what my boys and girls came up with to show off to the boss.” He points at Bucky's hands “pigeon?”“How did you know”Tony snorts “Eeh… he dropped by last night. Gave me one too. Because you know, that's what any man needs to be charmed. – Fuck diamonds, dead birds are all the rage this year Valentine's. – Then proceeded to drag me over to a couch and sing to me until I pretended to fall asleep. Then stayed there staring until I fell asleep for real. See?” He leans into Bucky's space pointing under his eyes. “No bags.”“He manhandled you?” Bucky dries his hands with a towel and then flops his palm over Tony's face to push him away. This is getting out of control. Winter's puppy-crush on Tony had been mostly innocent until now, just some longing staring from a distance and a number of inappropriate gifts left when Tony wasn't looking. But he never made contact so boldly before.Well, it's not like it was the first time Winter refused to follow a pattern. Apparently he got some sort of twisted satisfaction from weirding people out with his behavior. When Bucky first came to live in the tower there were quite a few precautions and a whole complicated alarm system in place for when Winter (as baptized by Clint) took over their body. They served their purpose well for the first couple of months, but Winter showed to be more than a mindless killer when he realized that:1. There were no more missions or handlers.
2. If he wasn't being forceful towards other humans nobody hurt him.
3. If he didn't try to sneak around nobody restrained him.
4. His other identity was among friends and felt safe, which meant Winter, as inhabiting the same body, was safe from them too.And after he injured his metal arm by, basically, being a dick to the elevator, Tony didn't even think twice (or hadn't had enough self-preservation instincts left after a two-day engineering binge) before pushing him into the couch and fixing it without causing any pain at all. Except that when he was finishing up he dropped the screwdriver and had to climb under the shelves to fetch it. After at least two minutes of staring at his – conveniently presented – hindquarters Winter came to his final realization.5. Tony Stark; aka Iron Man, known enemy of his former handlers, was competent with technology, took into consideration Winter's comfort, and had a really cute butt that should be cherished and appreciated.That was the first time he voluntarily made contact with Bucky. And it was a single paragraph in Russian entirely dedicated to the beauty of Tony's ass.Bucky never replied.In addition to his creepy stalking Winter would also watch a lot of British TV, glare and snarl at everybody, and sometimes harm gym equipment and furniture. He never spoke, but ate all the food in the fridge and then sat nearby, waiting for Clint to come in looking for the leftovers only to find them gone. He also sometimes wandered out of the tower and came back with food for himself or flowers/baked goods/lingerie that one time for Tony. The first time it happened everybody lost their shit, but they soon realized that the worst thing he did was leaving without paying. After a long scolding from Steve that accomplished absolutely nothing Tony gifted him with a credit card and made him promise to us
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Winter and Bucky are different people
but it's chill
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Tattoos
BUCKY'S PINK HAIR
Alcohol
Polyamory Negotiations
kinda???
Loki is scheming things
Humor
Sexual Humor
Fluff and Crack
Team as Family
Bucky Barnes-centric
Tony isn't as emotionally constipated as everybody thinks he is
meddling Steve Rogers
Tony's perky bottom
now with art

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

