Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In hindsight, you should have known that something was wrong when your father presented you with the gown. It was a beautiful silken thing, a rich emerald color that didn't match your eyes, necessarily, but did make them stand out somehow. There were intricate designs embroidered in gold thread along the bodice, and they caught the light with each tiny movement. It was soft and beautiful, and unlike anything else you'd ever worn, and that should have been a clue. Your clothes were cheap and perfunctory, at this point more patch than original fabric, and there was a reason for that. Your father was cheap and he only spent what he absolutely had to—and certainly never on anyone but himself. You should have run while you had the chance, before the carriages showed up at your door.Three men and a woman stood outside, their clothes bearing the crest of the royal family. At first you thought they had come for your brother. He was an idiot, and really not suited for much work in the military beyond the front line, but he was solidly build and could probably take a dozen bullets before falling. But then the woman caught your eyes almost pityingly.“Are you ready, my lady?” she asked. Upon your bewildered expression, she elaborated. “The ball. Are you ready? We are here to escort you.”The pleading look you sent your father did nothing, as he refused to look at you. He handed the box containing that cursed gown to the lady, and two of the men came to grip your arms firmly. They led you to the carriage outside without a word.In the past, “going to the ball” was the polite euphemism that families used when their daughters were kidnapped and forced into harems at the palace. These girls would never return to their families: they would serve as whores for the king or the prince, or even any visitors to whom the royals granted permission. When they grew too old, or fell pregnant, they were either turned into palace servants or simply killed to prevent a bastard from interfering with a rightful heir.Today, the balls were supposedly more civilized. The outcome was the same, of course, but now many girls were invited to the palace for dinner and dancing before the king or the prince selected his favorites. It was touted as an honor now, and many girls grew up believing that it was. You knew several girls who had been dreaming about this day since the first time they heard the stories. You had been dreading it. You told yourself that you were too poor, too plain, too stupid to ever be summoned, let alone chosen, but now your last hope was that you would not attract too much attention from His Majesty's eyes. Your family would, of course, be handsomely rewarded if your company were...desired, which would explain the gamble that your father had taken on that dress. You settled back against the plush cushions of the carriage and tried to ignore both the weight of the box in your lap and the churning in your stomach. It would be mortifying to vomit all over the inside of a royal carriage—though you could not deny the small trace of glee that your small protest would bring you.“You were not told.” The woman sounded sympathetic. As though she had any idea what this was like. The temptation to cross your arms and simply ignore her was great, but it was childish and could easily get you into deep trouble with the king. So you shook your head and swallowed hard.“No, m'lady. But I...accept my summons gratefully.” The words tasted sour, like bile, and you had to swallow again. “May I ask who has invited me?” You could only hope that it would be the firstborn, Prince Thor. He was known to be just and honorable. He would not take someone unwilling, not with a room full of girls begging to be chosen. There was nothing preventing the King from building another harem—unless you counted his wife, of course. Queen Frigga was unlikely to allow such a thing. The woman glanced at the box in your lap and smiled grimly at you.“My lady, does the green and gold of your dress not tell you?”Loki. The younger brother of Thor. He had always struck you as the worst kind of royal (not that you personally knew of many): bitter about his place in his family and drunk on what little power he did have. He did not make many appearances with the rest of his family, but when he did, the differences between his brother and him was always jarring. He was, without a doubt, the kind of man who might create a harem made up entirely out of unwilling women for the simple pleasure of breaking them, exerting control over them. Suddenly, you felt even sicker, and it didn't help that the carriage jolted to a halt outside another house.Soon, there were half a dozen other girls in your carriage, all giggling and jabbering excitedly about the ball and their chances of being selected. It was easy to fade into the background of such a din, but it was impossible to forget where you were going.***By the time you arrived at the palace, the small room the g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Asgard
Castles
Royalty
Alternate Universe
Captivity
Dubious Consent
POV Second Person
POV
Beauty and the Beast Elements
Redemption
Nobility
Past Child Abuse
Character Development
Falling In Love
Rags to Riches
Hate to Love
Growth

fandom: 
Loki/Reader

