Chapter 1: (Part I - "I'm With You...")
    




Chapter Text
For all that Steve had been waiting and hoping and praying for this moment – since he'd woken up in a hospital room with the knowledge that Bucky had been the one who'd pulled him out of the Potomac – he hadn't given a whole lot of thought to what came next.  Six months of searching, of following far too many dead-end leads, of sleepless nights and wasted days, and here he was.  Bucky was sitting across from him, seventy-odd years in the future, impossibly alive.  Not a ghost-voice in his head or a too-bright memory of the life he used to have or an insistent throb of if only you'd tried harder, reached further, done more, you might have saved him.If only if only.  This was real.  This was happening.  The impossible made possible by some unholy miracle of evil scientific genius that Steve couldn't quite bring himself to abhor.  Not if it meant Bucky was still alive.  Alive and well and mostly whole – face scruffy and dark hair almost to his shoulders, most of it hidden by a ball cap pulled down low on his forehead.  Wearing comfortable looking, worn clothes – soft t-shirt, frayed jeans, and a thin jacket that mostly hid the silver shine of his left arm.  Blue eyes clear and looking at him in recognition, not clouded with pain or confusion or anger.  Lips curved into a small semblance of the easy smile Bucky used to pull out all the time.Bucky.  Alive.  It was all Steve had ever prayed for.But now that Steve was here, the miracle sitting just a table's width between them, the chasm seemed impossible to cross.  He had no idea what came next.  No idea what to say, how to act.  He had no plan of action, or any plan at all.  For the first time in his life, he was at a loss for words around the man he'd known his entire life.Bucky was the one to finally break the silence.  "You just gonna sit there looking at me all night or you gonna say something?" he asked."Uh, yeah."  Steve shook his head, offered an apologetic smile.  The last thing he wanted was to make Bucky feel uncomfortable around him.  "Sorry.  Woolgathering."Bucky's brows drew together in a frown. He didn't look convinced.  "If you say so.""Look, it's just…this is a little weird for me. That's all."  Which had to be the understatement of the goddamn century.Bucky let out an unamused laugh.  "Welcome to the club.""Yeah, you're right."  As crazy and weird as this was for Steve, it had to be ten times worse for Bucky.  At least Steve knew who Bucky was.  "Well, um, I guess I just..."  He stopped, unsure of what it was he was even going to say.  What he could say?  The most important conversation of his life, and he was having it in a sleepy little diner in some small town in Texas over homemade pie, of all things.  "You guess...?" Bucky prompted, twirling a finger in a 'come on' motion."Um, well...look.  Have you got a place to stay tonight or...?" Steve wiped clammy hands on his jeans.  "I mean, I'm not trying to – I've just. I've got a room.  I mean, if you wanted a place to crash. Or shower. Or –""I make you nervous." Bucky cocked his head, a curious look on his face.  "Why?""I...I don't know."  Which was both the truth and a lie.  He'd never been nervous around Bucky a day in his life, but these weren't exactly normal circumstances.  And Bucky wasn't exactly Bucky these days.Bucky made a small noise and went back to his pie.  Steve waited a beat for Bucky to say something else, then lifted his own fork when it became clear that Bucky wasn't interested in adding to the conversation.After a couple of minutes of silent eating, the only sounds the hum from the refrigeration units in the kitchen and the slight squeak of the fans overhead, Bucky glanced up through lowered lashes.  His face was still mostly shadowed by his ball cap.  "A shower would be...nice."Steve tried very hard not to sag in relief.  It was a step in the right direction, at least.  "Okay," he said, with what he hoped was a reassuring smile.  "Okay, I can do that.  Give you that.""You said you wanted to help," Bucky said, after another minute.  "Is that true?""Yeah, of course."  Steve leaned in, eager, willing.  Just give me something to do.  Give me a task, a mission, someone to fight, anything.  "Whatever you need.""Tell me what you remember.""About you?"  At Bucky's nod, Steve wiped a hand over his mouth.  Let out a muffled, mirthless chuckle.  "Jesus, are you kidding me right now?  I remember everything.  You, our childhood, our friends, our families, hobbies, dreams...all of it."  Bucky was grafted in Steve's bones, as much a part of Steve's DNA as his own.  "Then tell me about him."  Bucky gestured at him with his metal hand.  "This Bucky of yours."This Bucky of yours.  Like they were talking about some stranger.  But, in a way, weren't they?  The man in front of him wasn't Bucky.  Not yet, Steve reminded himself.  Maybe not ever again.  But if Bucky wanted to know who he was and where he came from, then Steve would be ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
POV Bucky Barnes
POV Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Bucky & Thor Friendship
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Slow Build
Friends to Lovers
Bucky Barnes Is Not Your Damsel
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Dark Steve Rogers
Road Trips
Self-Discovery
Self-Destruction
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Flashbacks
Awesome Howling Commandos
Bearded Steve Rogers
Awesome Peggy Carter
Minor Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Peace Is Not Linear

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

