Chapter 1: Introduction
    




Chapter Text
Steve knew this was a very bad idea. His first mistake was agreeing to meet with his parents this weekend at their summer vacation home in the Hamptons. And second, he should have asked his girlfriend, Sharon Carter, to join him. She was his girlfriend only technically since they were secretly dating. Steve made sure to emphasize that he wasn’t good with commitment and stuff. He liked to sleep around but she was something closest to girlfriend to him. He knew he was a douche but he liked to keep thing this way.Third, he should have trusted his instincts, which had told him that something would go wrong at this family gathering. He shouldn’t have come because he knew his parents would invite their best friends and long-time business partners, the Romanov family.That meant meeting his lifelong archenemy, Natasha Romanov, who he hadn’t seen in a very long time. Oh, he hate   d   her so much. The mere thought of her left a bad taste in his mouth.When his Aston Martin pulled over to the curb of his house, his parents, Joseph and Sarah Rogers were waiting for him--- along with the Romanovs.A certain redhead caught his eyes immediately.She was definitely not the one he remembered the last time he saw her. Yeah, that was also the last vacation he’d ever had with the Romanovs. It was a nice summer vacation at this very house when their parents had told them to have a little time alone on a sailboat.And Natasha “accidentally” got thrown overboard. She got a huge cut over her stomach that Steve was sure would leave a nasty scar. The trip was cut short and he had to take her back to the shore and rush to the hospital. The Romanov were furious to see their only daughter get hurt and Natasha hadn’t talked to him since because she knew he had done it on purpose. His parents had to repair the damage he had done. Steve never once joined them on a vacation again.He couldn’t stand her. She was more beautiful and sexy now than she had been as a kid. It didn’t change the way he felt about her. He had always hated those piercing green eyes or the way she seemed to know every damn thing that was going on in his head. He definitely hated her for the way she always won every damn games they’d ever played together when they were young. He hated her so damn much. Period.The butler took Steve’s luggage from the trunk as he threw his keys to his parents’ driver. Greeting his family and the guests, he put on the face and got the show going.“Ivan,” Steve shook hands with the tall man with grey hair before turning to the small woman with blonde hair next to Ivan Romanov. “Aliana,” he kissed her hand.“A pleasure to meet you again, Steve,” Ivan noted. “We haven’t seen each other in quite sometime now.”“Yes, sir. It’s been almost ten years now.”The last time he’d met them, Steve had been only twenty years old. Now he was thirty and in fact, the hottest bachelor of New York City. The sole heir to the Rogers fortune. He owned a building in New York and also took care of his family charity foundation in place of his mother.“I’m sure you can remember our daughter,” Aliana Romanov said as she pushed her daugther forward.Steve smiled as he saw his archenemy stood in front of him. Memories from the good old day came back.  Oh, it will come back full circle.  “Nice to see you again, Natasha,” he greeted but he was sure as hell he didn’t mean that at all. 
 Natasha had just come back from her business trip to LA, sent there by her father to finalize the deal. Her plane landed and she thought that she might finally get to stay home and enjoy her summer in New York City when her parents summoned her and told her that the three of them would spend the rest of the summer in the Hamptons with the Rogers.“No, mom!” Nat shouted at her mother. “You know why I don’t want to go there.”“Darling, it’s been so long since we last spent the summer with the Rogers.”“He will not be there, Sweetheart,” Ivan reassured his daughter. “I just checked with Sarah. Steve has business to attend to.”Natasha cooled down after she heard that. She hated Steve Rogers to the bone. She didn’t want to see him ever again, even after all this time and even if he had changed. She just didn’t want to see him and risk the possibility that he would trigger the bad memories he caused her.So she packed her bag with a relieved heart. It might be nice to finally meet the Rogers (except for their son) again after a long time. They had been so nice to her and had always treated her like she was their family. Maybe it would be great to spend summer there since most people from her circle would be there. She missed the Hamptons.This vacation would be great. She was pretty optimistic about it.Once they were there, Sarah and Joseph welcomed them to their home. They spent their time reminiscing about when she was a little child. Natasha could tell that the Rogers avoided mentioning Steve.Her life here was fine until the second week of her stay.Then everyth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Forced Marriage
Forced Relationship
Enemies to Lovers
Shameless Smut
Alternate Universe - Swan Princess (1994) Fusion
Bathroom Sex
Bedroom Sex
Cunnilingus
Oral Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Shower Sex
Unprotected Sex
Hate Sex
Angry Sex
Rough Sex
Window Sex
limo sex
Cockblocking Moms
Making Love
Dysfunctional Relationships
Mildly Dubious Consent
Drunk Sex
Daddy Kink
Blindfolds
Light BDSM
Dom Natasha Romanov
Dom/sub
Bottom Steve Rogers
Chair Sex
Light Bondage
Gags
Cock Rings
Quiet Sex
Wedding Night
Wedding Sex
reception sex
Bedding Ceremony
Sexual Roleplay
Uniform Kink
mile high sex
Airplane Sex
bar sex
Body Shots
Honeymoon
shower blowjob
Orgasm Denial
Orgasm Delay
Anal Sex
Handcuffs
Ice Play
Food Fight
Food Sex
Kitchen Sex
BoobLuge
Spanking
Breathplay
Choking
creative use of kitchenette
Vaginal Fingering
Mutual Masturbation
Masturbation to porn
Outdoor Sex
Rooftop Sex
20 questions game
Draw Me Like One of Your French Girls
Artist Steve Rogers
Nude Modeling
Asshole Steve
Interogation Kink
Anal Plug
Role-Playing Game
Collars
Aftercare
Pet Play
Master/Pet
jealousy sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

