Chapter 1





Chapter Text
CHAPTER ONESpiderman watched from the night shadows as Osborn turned and moved purposely in his direction. Long strides took him past the interloper’s enclave and out of the distinctly immoderate office. When the sound of footsteps had faded to nothing, a masked Peter Parker shifted out of the shadows, muttering bitterly to himself, “If only my apartment was half as large as this monstrosity.”Not only did the room take up most of the top floor of Oscorp Tower, but it was decorated in an expensive, gaudy Baroque style. There was a huge, ornate wooden desk, as well as a meeting table, with hand crafted vines along the legs. An overweighted chandelier hung over the table, flanked on each wall by two decorative frames, one with heavy mirror and the other with a large oil painting. Spiderman took a moment to look at the latter: a darkly colored portrait of a Norman Osborn, complete with threatening aura and expression of condescension.  A loud, animated voice interrupted his observation, “Now that is a crime against good taste if I’ve ever seen one!” Spiderman spun around, adrenaline spiking at the unwelcome novelty of someone actually being able to sneak up on him. “Deadpool.” That did explain the sneaking. The merc could move with surprisingly subtlety considering his size and motor mouth; even Peter’s spider sense rarely picked him up. This was not, unfortunately, the first time Spiderman had run into him in the last few months. The costumed menace had popped up several times while he patrolled the City, seemingly at random, and with only the flimsiest of excuses.  Deadpool pranced through the door that Osborn had left through mere moments before, decked from head to toe in red and black leather. Then he did a little twirl and bowed low, “The one and only. Howdy, Spidey!”“SHHH!” Spiderman hushed, unnerved at the other man’s presence and volume. He quickly went to Osborn’s desk, determined to do what he had set out to do before the situation inevitably blew up in his face. Entropic decay tended to speed up in Deadpool’s presence, and the outcome was usually everything turning to shit. Spiderman plugged a USB drive into the desk computer, and then quickly and systematically began searching the drawers. “So whatcha doin’?” Deadpool sing-songed, voice so close behind him that Spiderman had to quash the impulse to rear back and head butt him. “Getting some dirt on Oscorp. What’s it look like?” he answered with irritation. His mission was a little more specific than that, but he certainly wouldn’t be sharing with the unhinged mercenary. “From my pee oh vee? Looks like you’re playing Shadow Dancer in full spandex, actually. Your ass looks awesome, bee tee double-yuh.” Spiderman flipped through a couple of files he had found, ignoring the large creep for a moment. The info would probably be transferred to the USB drive, but just in case he pulled out a miniature camera from his backpack and took pictures of the hard copy. When he looked over, he saw Deadpool dismounting a small frame from the wall behind the great desk, where they both apparently knew Osborn’s personal safe was located.  “What’re you doing here?”Deadpool cocked his head slightly to the right, suspiciously still and quiet for a moment before mumbling, “Shut up, I can’t tell him that.” Then, louder, “Acquiring some personal spending money? It’s hard out there for a pimp.” He punctuates the word hard with a little thrust of his hips.  “There’s not too many people with a shit ton of cold hard cash on hand these days. No one keeps it liquid anymore.” Spiderman replaced the file carefully in its drawer, mind extrapolating the logical next step, “No one but the bad guys.”He retrieved his drive, and as he put it away in his backpack with the miniature camera. As he looked up, he saw Deadpool draw a small explosive block from out of a pouch on his belt, at the same time that his enhanced hearing picked up the faint sound of voices from outside the room. Borderline panic triggered Spiderman into action, immediately seizing the painting and replacing it on the wall.“Excusez -moi?” Deadpool drawled in exaggerated French. Spiderman quickly spun towards him and grabbed his wrist in a confident grip, using his shorter stature to bodily herd the red and black bulk of muscles. “Whahhh…?” Deadpool practically stumbled backwards, but went with the manhandling. “While I really like where this is going –”His back hit the wall next to a door, which Spiderman speedily opened and then shoved his companion through. Then he turned halfway and sidestepped inside, drawing the door closed behind them and trapping their bodies against each other. The supply closet made for very close quarters, and Spidey’s entire side nestled into Deadpool’s bulk. “Again, I like where –”“Sh!” Spiderman hushed, short and sharp. He barely had time to note the sculpted pecs pressed against his shoulder, and the hard thighs on either side of his hip, before Norman Osborn an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Character Study
Developing Relationship
Kink Exploration
Relationship Negotiation
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Suicide
But it's Deadpool
Disturbing thoughts
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mild Kink
Erotica
Also Lots of Talking
Slow Build
Dirty Talk
Cultural References
POV Alternating
Human Experimentation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

