Work Text:
It had a very long, very hard battle. Put an extra emphasis on long. For three days solid the Avengers, the X-Men, and the Fantastic Four had been dealing with the results of one of Reed’s experiments. Steve still didn't know what the hell Reed had been doing, but all he really cared about was the portal that had been pouring thousands of cockroach-like aliens into downtown New York. Aliens that, when killed, exploded a sour, rotting black substance all over the place.Steve sighed as he stepped out of the hastily constructed decontamination showers and donned the shirt and jeans handed to him by a SHIELD agent. The portal was finally closed, the cockroaches had been dealt with, and it felt good to be clean again. It would feel even better once he got to see Tony, the rest of the team, ate, and slept. In that order.He sought out Coulson, who was standing with an arm around Clint. Clint had been through the decontamination showers too, and was dressed in a similar shirt and jeans. Steve gave him a cautious smile, because things were still a little unsteady, and was surprised when Clint actually smiled back and reached for him. He accepted the hug gladly, more than willing to indulge any little’s need for comfort, especially after such a physically and emotionally draining battle.“Tony’s over there,” Clint whispered in his ear. “I think he needs you, Cap.”Steve hadn’t realized that Iron Man had returned. He and Thor had spent most of the past three days on the outskirts of New York along with the X-Men, working to keep the aliens from escaping the city. He looked around for the trademark gold and red armor, but didn’t see it. It wasn’t until Clint gently tapped his arm and pointed that Steve spotted Tony and the gunk-covered armor.Tony was standing by himself, watching while the armor was housed down by SHIELD agents. His arms were tightly folded across his stomach, like he was hugging himself, and his head was lowered. A casual observer might have thought he was half-asleep, but Steve could see the tension in the way he was standing. It was a struggle Steve was starting to get familiar with.He squeezed Clint’s shoulder in thanks and jogged over, eyeing the SHIELD agents who were handling the armor. It looked like they were being cautious, so he set a hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony stiffened further, relaxing a tiny bit only when he realized who it was. Steve had to duck his head to get a good look at Tony’s face. As soon as he did, he knew that it was a damn good thing he’d rushed through his decontamination shower.“Hey sweetheart,” he said, keeping his voice soft, intimate. “Are you tired?”Tony shook his head, biting his lip. He looked like he was two seconds from sticking his thumb in his mouth. “Because I gotta say, you look pretty tired.”Again, Tony shook his head. “How about hurt? Are you hurt anywhere?”For the third time, Tony shook his head, though it was slower. He shot Steve a quick glance from under lowered lashes, a glance that spoke volumes. “Okay,” Steve murmured, edging closer until their shoulders were pressed together. He suspected that Tony was on the edge of his little headspace, but fighting it tooth and nail because they were in public and he wasn’t comfortable with that yet. It wasn’t a fight Tony would win; not when he was exhausted, in pain, and hungry, not when his caregiver was standing so close.They stood there together until the armor had been as cleaned as the agents could make it. It took a long time. Steve’s stomach growled a couple of times, but he ignored it. He didn’t care how long it took; he wasn’t going anywhere without his little. Slowly but surely, the weight against his side grew heavier. By the time the armor was finished and had been loaded up to be shipped back to the tower, he was supporting most of Tony’s weight. The agent in charge nodded nervously at both of them, seeking approval. Steve nodded back, granting it, and watched them disperse. Then he shifted a little, turning slowly towards Tony, until Tony fell into his chest with a startled sound. Steve seized his advantage and scooped him up, supporting Tony with an arm under his rump and another hand to his back. Tony’s knees hooked over Steve’s hips instinctively even as he grumbled a complaint.“Dun need to be c’rried,” he slurred.“I know you don’t, but you’re sleepy,” Steve said. He also knew that Tony adored being carried as much as Steve enjoyed carrying him. Finally, a use for his strength that didn’t involve punching people in the face. Tony mumbled something, more asleep than awake, and his thumb started to gravitate towards his mouth. Steve grabbed his wrist to stop him. He didn’t care if Tony sucked his thumb, but Tony hadn’t been through the decontamination showers yet. He’d spent most of the past three days in the armor, but god only knew what he’d touched outside of it.“Don’t do that, sweetheart,” he said. “Your hands are dirty, okay?”“Not,” Tony mumbled.Steve smiled to himself and carried hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
non sexual age play
Age Play
Infantilism
non sexual infantilism
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Pants wetting
Wetting
Diapers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe
alternate universe - littles are known
Pacifiers
Cuddling
Hugs
Decontamination Showers
Bathing
Little Headspace
tired tony
Carrying
overwhelmed tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

