Work Text:
“Wait, no way. So you can make whoever you’re having sex with orgasm however many times you want?” Tony’s jaw dropped to the floor. “What are you, like an aphrosidiac?” Thor looked troubled. “I was not aware this was an unusual thing. Asgardian mating rituals last for days, so naturally both parties can reach orgasm multiple times. When I had a relationship with Lady Jane, she also reached her own peak multiple times, so I thought it was normal.” “Days?” Tony repeated, his jaw still dropped. “Fuck, Barton.” He said, “Aren’t you lucky.” -- “So?” Natasha said, once she and Clint were alone. Clint raised an eyebrow. “So…?” Natasha rolled her eyes. “Don’t play dumb, Clint. How’s the sex?”Clint punched her shoulder. “I wouldn’t know because I haven’t had any yet.” Natasha’s eyes narrowed at his response, and he held up his hands. “I mean, okay, it’s me. I know I’m usually a sex fiend, but one day we were sort of just fooling around and he got hard and – well, fuck.” Clint flopped down on his bed. “He’s huge. Couldn’t even fit him in my mouth, I dunno how that’s gonna fit down there.” Natasha didn’t look impressed. “You’ve gotten fisted before.” Good old Natasha, Clint thought. She didn’t know the meaning of ‘too much information’, and he enjoyed sharing their sex life details. In literal details. But he was still regretting telling her about the fisting incident where he was bedridden for three days. It had the unfortunate consequence of her asking if she could try it on him, though the demand had stopped since he started to date Thor. “Yeah, except he’s bigger than that. Like the size of my entire arm, okay?” When Natasha merely cocked her eyebrows at him, he sighed. “I promise I’m not making it up. I mean look at him. You don’t think he’d be proportional?” He could see that she was taking it into serious consideration. Except now that she was taking it seriously, her answer was, “Okay, so we go shopping for big dildos. Problem solved.” -- Maybe it was the way Tony kept asking about the potentially infinite orgasms. Or maybe it was the way Natasha kept asking if he was preparing himself yet. But the next time he and Thor were sort of just snuggling up in bed and then the snuggles turned into more sexual touches, Clint shoved his hand down Thor’s pants. Thor chuckled and held him closer as Clint fumbled with it. He’d never fumbled with cock before, sort of prided himself on it, but Thor was so fucking huge it was hard not to. He managed to pull Thor’s pants down and coax it to life – it didn’t take much, and Thor was gently rubbing his cheek, urging him on. “Are we doing this?” Clint laughed shakily. “Only if you wish to.” Thor replied honestly, and Clint laughed again. He couldn’t even get his hand around the entire thing, god damn it. He cupped the base with both hands and licked a wet swipe across the head, drawing a throaty moan from the thunder god. Clint fit as much of his mouth onto it as possible – he managed to swallow the head, but anymore and he was literally going to choke. So he sucked earnestly on the head, feeling Thor’s large hand grip his short hair as he used his hands to pump the rest of the shaft. Thor let out a growl and shoved his hips up, pushing his cock deeper into Clint’s throat. Clint almost choked for a second, but he managed to force his throat to relax and his mouth to slacken to accommodate to the larger girth. But as soon as he was able to, a bitter, hot liquid hit the back of his throat. Which wouldn’t have been a problem, because Clint was used to swallowing. No problem. Except he wasn’t nowhere near prepared for the volume. He ended up choking and spluttering on it, and Thor pulled his head off his cock and shot his load all over his face. When he was done, there was actually semen dripping down his chin, his cheeks, his nose. “This is like fucking Japanese hentai.” Clint groaned, swiping a finger across his cheek. “Only in comics is there ever a bucket load of cum like this.” Thor took his chin. “This is not much, actually.” Thor said, watching as Clint rubbed out the semen from his cheeks and chin. “Is this abnormal in Midgard?” “This isn’t much?” Clint stared as he wiped his hands on the sheets and then crumbled the soaked sheets away. “You pretty much poured a bucket of semen in my face and down my throat. This isn’t much?” Thor looked amused. “I suppose,” he said, “that I’ll have to see how much Midgardians do.” Before Clint could say anything, Thor had flipped him on his back and grabbed Clint’s already hard cock. It looked pitifully small in Thor’s gigantic hands, and that was seriously sad because it wasn’t even like Clint was tiny. Just like Thor was fucking huge. Thor’s hands were surprisingly gentle as they fondled his balls and tugged slightly, taking his cock in his mouth. Clint groaned, and Thor didn’t bother holding him down as Clint’s hips bucked. It didn’t take Clint too long to come, with Thor fondling his balls, sucking at his dick and pressing his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Thor

freeform: 
Multiple Orgasms
Marathon Sex
Rimming
Size Difference
Object Insertion

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Thor

