Chapter 1: Take It Out On Me
    




Chapter Text
Peter wants to help Wade. He does.Sometimes, he looks over at his very unexpected, very unlikely friend, and he knows what he sees. He knows what he'd like to see instead.Wade holds himself down when he thinks no one is looking. Sure, Deadpool is a bucket of laughs and jokes, and sarcasm for days. If he could batter and fry his own sass, Deadpool would have died from cardiac arrest years ago, healing factor be damned.But there's Deadpool, and there's Wade Wilson.Peter finally understands they are two different people come together in one tangled, twisted soul.Where Deadpool is outlandish and snarky, Wade is reserved and soft. In a situation where everyone is on their deathbeds after an intense battle, Deadpool is the first person to start poking bruises and asking if they can feel all that blood because, my god, there is so much blood on your face. Is that all yours? In a moment where Peter has stubbed his toe on the corner of his door because, Jesus, his apartment is so damn cramped everywhere but the studio bedroom, Wade is the person rushing in to find the source of Peter's sudden scream, panic flaring in his voice and hands pawing comfortingly on everything but the problem toe.Peter loves Deadpool, and he loves Wade. If he couldn't handle them both, he would have missed out on so much in his life already because, hey, he may have been an intruder that first night he showed up in Peter's studio, arrow through the head, crying about Chimichangas, with Clint Barton--Hawkeye, of all people, Peter was so thrilled--explaining that no one else was in town and he didn't know if he should pull it out or leave it in, but he had become a dear, dear friend.After, of course, Peter railed on Clint for bringing Wade to his apartment, in which, on that night, Deadpool learned Spiderman’s secret identity.“I thought all the Avengers knew!” Clint shouted.“He’s not an Avenger! He’s a creep who pops up outta nowhere and tries to get me to eat pizza with him!” Peter snapped back.“PIZZA’S TOO GOOD FOR YOU, TWINK!” Wade screamed. “I WANT A DOUGHNUT. GET THIS ARROW OUT OF MY THINK TANK--POR QUÉ, DIOS, POR QUÉ HAS HECHO ESTO?!” Wade paused, stumbling forward, cupping Peter’s face with his hands so he could lean in terribly close to whisper, “you're pretty…”It was a long fucking night.But it didn’t take long for Peter to get acquainted with the reality of knowing Wade Wilson and living with that acquaintance.And, sure, the pranks were childish and awful, and Peter was tired of putting salt in his coffee or pulling his briefs up to find that Wade had cut out his crotch--underwear aren't friggin' cheap, Wade!--but it beat coming home to an empty apartment without a rubber chicken or two hiding away in sock drawers or pink hair dye in a bottle of shampoo.It hadn't taken long for Wade to warm up to Peter. Initially, he had only ever seen the anti-hero on a smattering of Avenger's missions, where he was 'honorary' and 'somewhat needed'. These instances were very rare before the assassin had become his roommate, but after, he started tacking himself onto Peter's 'missions' as he sometimes did with Clint. He'd go with Peter as often as he could, almost as often as he went off alone.Despite his strong self-conscious reservations about his scars, Peter watched in deep respect and something akin to adoration when Wade would lift his mask just high enough to flash his mouth for Clint to read his lips. He would stay like that for whole missions, sometimes, even with the other Avengers about. And despite being a usual solo artist, he fit into the gang quite well on the odd occasion. He adored Natasha, and there was something about the way he flirted with Wolverine that made everyone question his already questionable sanity. He even managed to ruffle Thor's proud feathers, and seemed to be desperate to make Bruce Banner choke him out without the assistance of the Hulk. He would tease James about his metal arm, saying, 'At least yours is sexy. Sexy Bucky. And it's just an arm, I mean, c'mon, you can never get tired jackin' off with that thing. Am I right, Steve-o?'He had even gotten accustomed to taking his mask off in the shared quiet of Peter's apartment. Peter would catch himself marveling at the striking color of Wade's eyes. By god, they were so bright and clear, like polished blue diamonds. The first time he'd seen them, he had come into the kitchen to find Wade at the tiny tiled table, saying something about the food pyramid while he twirled a fork through some cup Ramen. He looked up and Peter was nearly knocked over by the intensity of those eyes; especially the deep golden lashes framing them, somehow grown back uneven and spiky despite many burns and horrible accidents.And it wasn't just his eyes. Wade was beautiful. His jaw was so strong, his brow soft, and his cheek bones smooth. His mouth was lightly scarred, but it still looked delectable and pink, full lips in a curious pout. Ben
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spideypool
Deadpool/Spiderman
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Stucky

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Friends With Benefits
sorta - Freeform
Kissing
So much kissing
Sexual Tension
Bad Puns
Wade Has Issues
mostly canon
Avenger Deadpool
Avenger Peter
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Explicit Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
First Time
Loss of Virginity
hell yeah
Multiple Orgasms
Porn with Feelings
dubcon
Mildly Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
Headspace
Violent Sex
I'm Sorry
I'm Going to Hell
Blame Slade
Mental Health Issues
Mental Instability
Wade's screws are loose
Crossover
ish
so we stop splitting hairs

fandom: 
Spideypool
Deadpool/Spiderman
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Stucky

