Work Text:
If you'd asked Clint two days ago, he'd have said that hell would freeze over before all six Avengers, plus Pepper, Jane, Darcy, Tony's buddy Rhodey, Coulson, and Sitwell and Hill would end up sitting on the floor of Stark's giant living room, drinking and playing Never Have I Ever.God bless Tony Stark.Okay, really, it probably had more to do with the fact that all of them had been up for nearly forty-eight hours containing a swarm of over a thousand insectoid baby aliens while Jane found their home so that Thor could go fetch their parents. Thank God Thor had recognized the race immediately, because the thought of what could have happened if they hadn't known the swarm was just a bunch of panicked kids turns Clint's stomach. But Thor had recognized them, and though containing the swarm had been a challenge that called for every available SHIELD agent and every favor they could call in (hence Rhodey and Pepper, who had helped with containment and logistical support, respectively), they'd managed it without injury to either alien babies or freaked out regular law enforcement.Clint has money on the NYPD instituting an alien-slash-metahuman orientation session for all recruits inside of a year. Coulson's holding out for three years, on the grounds of bureaucracy.Anyway, after that they're all feeling pretty punchy. The kids' parents had closed their portal, and silence had fallen over the street. Then Sitwell had said, with feeling, "I need a fucking drink.""I'm not letting you lot destroy a bar," Hill had returned.And Tony had said, "So we'll go to my place."And here they are.Clint blames Darcy for the Never Have I Ever. Really, what else was going to follow a comment about this being suspiciously like a slumber party?Maybe 'blame' is the wrong word. Maybe he should say 'credit' because fuck, Coulson's jacket and tie and shoes have been discarded, and he's got his sleeves rolled up. Hill is in a pair of Pepper's sweats, and Sitwell had produced a go bag with a smirk and changed into a t-shirt and track pants. Seeing the three of them in civvies at the same time ought to be a sign of the apocalypse, but Clint's had a couple of beers and everyone is sitting on the floor and laughing and he thinks if the world ends right now, that's fine with him."Never have I ever," Rhodey announces, raising his beer and looking around the room, "had sex while flying.""That's targeted!" Tony accuses, but he takes his drink. Thor asks if 'while flying' requires an airplane and when they agree it doesn't, he drinks, along with Natasha, Clint himself, Darcy, and, to Clint's surprise, Hill."Do tell, Hill," Clint says, pointing at her with the neck of his beer bottle.She rolls her eyes. "I was a field agent before I became Deputy Director," she says. "I've got a few stories. This one time--""Ah, ah, ah!" Sitwell chides. "My turn. Never have I ever..." he grins at Coulson "...jerked it thinking about Captain America."Steve groans as Tony, Pepper, Clint, Natasha, Jane, Darcy, Rhodey, and Hill all drink. "Why me?" he demands."Face it, Steve, your propaganda was tailor made for sidekick and rescue fantasies," Rhodey says, laughing. "You wanna get your own back, your turn is coming up soon."Tony raises both hands. "Hang on, hang on." He waves for them all to shut up, then stabs a finger at Coulson. "You didn't drink, Agent. Bottoms up, we all know it's true."Clint sighs and picks at the label on his beer bottle. Of course Steve is Coulson's dream man. He's so goddamned perfect that Clint can't help but like him even though the shining light of all that fucking goodness casts Clint's shadows too long to overlook. He just wishes the others didn't enjoy pointing it out so much.But Coulson laughs. "Sorry, Tony, but you've got it wrong this time.""Phil," Sitwell says, as serious as he can get with a few shots in him. "You remember that time you dragged me home for Christmas because my family was all on a fucking cruise? I snuck into your childhood bedroom. I have seen the posters. You cannot lie to me. Drink."Coulson rolls his eyes. "I didn't want to have sex with him, Jasper, I wanted to be him. Cap's really not my type." He catches Steve's eye and shrugs, a little sheepishly, but Steve waves it off.Rhodey shakes his head in disbelief. "I thought Steve was everyone's type, if you're even remotely attracted to men.""Not mine," Coulson says easily."So what is your type?" Tony asks, leaning forward intently."Isn't it Thor's turn?" Coulson casts Thor a hopeful look.In vain. "I would know what sort of man stirs your imagination," Thor declares.Coulson lets his head fall back to rest on the edge of the couch. "Oh my god, why is my sex life so interesting to you people?""In my experience," Bruce offers, "the best way to make people curious is to refuse to talk about something. Drop a few casual details and they'll make their own assumptions; clam up and it drives them crazy wondering."Hill snorts. "That explains it. Spill. It's for your o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Ridiculousness
Never Have I Ever
Fluff
Get Together

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

