Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The shower is cold.
Water taps a comforting melody around him. Matt follows each drop as it plunks on the plastic floor, splitting open. The scent of soap and chemicals surround him. It’s better than the blood.
He can’t remember why he’s here.
His body shudders. It’s a constant thing. The cold, he remembers. He’s shivering because the shower is cold. He’s been shivering for hours.
He takes a deep breath, flavoured with water, rust from the pipes, shampoos, conditioner, every type of soap he owns. Under it all there’s still the tang of blood.
Taking a shower after a night protecting people. That must be it. That’s why he’s here. And all his hot water is gone. It’s been gone for a while. He’s cold so he needs to get up, dry off, go to bed. He understands now.
He presses a hand to the floor, barely feeling the rough dots on the bottom of the shower. His fingers are numb. How long has he been here?
It’s disconcerting not to know the answer. He left the office yesterday. He remembers that. He made a joke before leaving. It made Foggy laugh. He can’t remember what the joke was, or why it was funny.
Pushing himself to his feet, he almost falls when the pain grips him. It stabs at his ribs, cuts up his insides, wraps a vice around his shoulder and squeezes. He makes it. He doesn’t know how. The water pummels his face and shoulder. Each drop is like a fist. Reaching out a hand, he turns it off.
So he came back from the office and went out patrolling. He scrabbles for the memory, and can’t find it. But that must be what happened. That’s why he hurts.
The towels are where he expects them to be. Grabbing one, he wraps it loosely around his waist, then grabs another. It’s a difficult operation only using one hand, and he can’t use the other because…because…it’s curled up to his chest. It doesn’t want to move. Fear pricks the back of his throat when he thinks about making it move.
Chilled air greets him outside the bathroom. A breeze. He left the window open when he came in? Why? He always closes it.
Every step sends a jolt of pain through him. It’s like a gunshot from the base of his spine to the back of his throat. It hurts. It hurts so much. Dismissing the idea of closing the window, he trails the wall to his bedroom. Silk sheets, soft mattress. Relief.
Breath escapes his lungs in painful gasps by the time he makes it to his bed. His body shivers with cold, quivers with exhaustion. Searing heat coils in his belly, stabbing him with every movement.
He collapses onto his mattress, then gasps in pain. Bright agony flares up his insides. He can’t breathe. He can’t-
“Foggy, Foggy, Foggy.”
Matt startles. The sound blares next to him. The phone. He’d set it on the bedside table before he went out on patrol. What is Foggy doing calling so late? It must be important.
He bites back another gasp of pain as he fumbles for the phone. His ribs flare. His insides tell him that every position he sits in is the wrong one. The world is tinted with agony. Why didn’t he call Claire? He always calls Claire if it’s this bad.
“Hey Matt. Are you even there?”
His body lists against the pillow. The phone is to his ear. He gets the feeling Foggy’s been talking for a while.
“Foggy?” The word leaves his mouth as a horse croak. It doesn’t sound like his voice.
“Jesus Matty, you sound terrible. Did you wake up with a cold?”
A cold, no. He is cold, still shivering, but he’s not sick. Is he sick? “No.”
“You sure bud? You sound like death.”
“I-” he wants to say he feels like death, but Foggy would worry. He should work out what’s wrong before he tells Foggy. Maybe Claire will know. “Why you calling? It’s late.” It hurts to talk.
A pause. Too long. “Matty, it’s nine thirty in the morning. I called to ask why you weren’t at work yet.”
Nine thirty. That’s impossible. He’s usually back from patrol by three. A quick shower, then a few hours of sleep before work. How long was he in that shower? “I-I-I can come.”
“No buddy, you stay right there. OK? Don’t move. I’ll be there in twenty.” Concern floods his friend’s voice.
Matt tries to gather up words that will make that concern go away. He can’t find them. All the words are gone. Then he registers the line is dead.
Water drips from his damp skin. He shivers. Clothes. He should get dressed before Foggy comes.
It’s like moving underwater. He scrubs at his chest with the second towel, legs, head. Pain dances along the left side of his skull. The towel drops to the floor. Blood fills the air again. For a moment he just breathes.
He stumbles into the sweatpants, pulling them up with his one hand. The undershirt is harder. He coaxes his curled up arm through the hole first, then his head, then his good arm. It’s only when it’s on that he realises he should’ve just slid on his zip up hoodie instead.
“Jesus.”
Matt snaps his head around. The scent of strawberry shampoo and Foggy drifts from the doorway to the bedroom. He hadn’t noticed him come in.
“Hey Matty.” Foggy walks close. His heartb
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Angst
Friendship
Hurt/Comfort
Recovery
Medical Inaccuracies
Mental Health Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Speech Disorders
Panic Attacks
law inaccuracies
Clint is a Walking Disaster
but he tries
Sam stress bakes
Team as Family
Mutism
Stimming
Self-Harm
Rape Recovery
Bucky and Sam are Bronies
grown men cuddle
ptsd assistance dog lucky
possible autistic Matt
Not Season 2 Compliant
Matt has Sensory Processing Disorder
Bisexual Foggy
But that's background
Natasha has strong feelings about books
science / computer nerd Bucky Barnes
drugged Matt conversations
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
matt murdock gets so many hugs
Suicidal Thoughts
fear wetting (chapter 45)
possible psychological regresson
parts could be read as ageplay
possibly
AU - Avengers use therapy and communicate
Realistic outcomes of trauma
Childhood Trauma
Look Matt has a lot of issues
Eating Disorders
Psychological Regression

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson & Karen Page
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

