Chapter 1: Day One - Just The Beginning
    


Summary:

Clint gets handed over to Tony. Tony predicts that they'll both die  in approximately two hours.



Notes:
I procrastinated so hard on A Handful Of Burns (my current GotG fic) I wrote a whole new story! Congrats, me. You've reached a whole new level.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"Uh, no," Natasha says firmly, placing two palms flat on Little Clint and pushing him away. "I don't do kids.""He's your partner-in-crime!" Tony shouts incredulously from across the room. "Your other half, your cuddle buddy, your boyfriend. You two are the Spy Bros to Brucie and I's Science Bros. He's been turned into a kid. If anyone should deal with him, it's you.""We didn't exactly plan for this," she informs him. She's still eyeing Clint carefully, like he's going to bite her. It probably isn't helping that he wails louder and louder the closer he gets.Tony says, "I'm 57% sure that that plan, had you had one, would involve you looking after him."Phil decides to chime in. "No, Clint values his life." He turns Clint around in his hold and raises an eyebrow expectantly at him. Tony wonders if maybe he thinks Clint is going to pipe down, say sorry for hurting everyone's eardrums, and then pinky-swear not to cause any trouble. "Natasha and kids really do not mix. Last time she held a child for five minutes alone she dropped it three times and almost dropped it another seven.""In my own defense, I had broken ribs," Natasha points out, vaguely petulant. "I did better the time before."Tony decides to gloss over that first bit. "Better for the amusement of your colleagues, or for the baby in question?""For the baby," Natasha deadpans. She shoots him the patented don't mess with me I could remove your gall bladder with a clock look.Tony half-grins. He loves that expression. Sometimes, if you look right, there's a begrudging respect for having the guts to tease her.Stepping forward with a polite smile, Clint outstretched, Phil says, "So, logically -"Tony hopes his face isn't paling like he thinks it is.Natasha snickers: no dice."- if Natasha isn't going to do it, then the responsibility is yours, Tony."He lifts his hands, tries for cheerful apology. "Uh, no thanks, I'm good. Maybe try Bruce?"Phil's lips lift into a tiny smile. "Bruce can't do it, Clint might set off the Hulk," he says. "You know him better than we do, but even I could tell you that he's going to refuse on principle.""I'm refusing on principle," Tony protests. He's completely ignored.Natasha decides to join in. She ticks off on her fingers: "Steve's on a mission. Thor's on Asgard. I'm terrible with kids. Phil is too busy. Clint is, obviously, incapable of looking after himself."They all startle when Clint speaks up. Tony hadn't even noticed he'd stopped crying. "L'be fine on my own," he says, voice not so much small as heartbreakingly tiny. "Won't be any trouble."Phil sets Clint carefully on the floor when he squirms. Tony crouches to be on his level without thinking about it. "Buddy, it's not that we're doubting that. It's just that this place is dangerous, and you need supervision.""What kind of dangerous?" Clint asks, after a long pause of staring at his bare feet. They'd managed to find a t-shirt and trousers for the kid from God-knows-where, but no shoes or socks."Explode-y dangerous, missile dangerous. Weapons dangerous," he supplies immediately. "Kids-need-supervision-sign dangerous."Clint weighs this up. "Do I get to choose who?""Sure thing, kid," Tony says, brightening. Nat's gonna have to buck up her ideas about childcare -Clint has finally tilted his head up to look at everyone. He's looking at Tony."You," he says, confirming all of Tony's greatest fears with one word. "You tell the truth. S'far s'I can tell, anyways."Both of the spies in the room manage to somehow radiate smug without him even needing to look. Tony takes half a step backwards. "Me? But I'm . . . terrible with kids."Clint's voice shifts back to tiny. "Sorry," he says. "Dunno what a Holk is, but. I pick him then."Tony's been guilt-tripped before, he knows the deal. How to fake crocodile tears, or at the very least a crocodile expression - but Clint's face has turned that special kind of angry-frustrated-sad of a kid who's trying desperately not to cry, and as soon as he realises it's genuine he can feel his defenses start to melt.He closes his eyes. "Alright."///Tony takes Clint down to his workshop. The kid is visibly excited, nearly vibrating as he looks over all the holoscreens, all the projects abandoned halfway, but reins himself in and sits twitching at Tony's side instead. The feeling of having someone sat next to him, entirely silent, reminds him too much of Stane looking at his work over his shoulder, and so after not even fifteen minutes of putting up with it thinking, he sighs. He is absolutely not paid enough for this."You can talk, you know," he mutters.Clint's head come
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
de-aged Clint
Tony Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Clint Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Clint Needs a Hug
they both need a hug okay
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Tony Can Parent
Tattooed Tony
Tony Has Tattoos
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Disney Movies
Pillow & Blanket Forts
Coffee Addict Tony Stark
Tony needs coffee like people need air to breathe
Clint has nightmares
but so does Tony so it's okay
Tony has nightmares
Protective Tony
Team as Family
Families of Choice
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
a little bit of UST
Pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark UST
The Avengers Ship It
They ship it so hard
Hurt/Comfort
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Beta Read
Scars
YOU MEAN BATTLE WOUNDS MY BRETHREN
Sorry My Hand Slipped
No AOU
So many tags
Star Wars - Freeform
Tony has smile lines from laughing
fight me
Obie Wan Kenobi
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
no civil war
Palladium Scars
Arc Reactor
Laughter
a seriously concerning amount of hot chocolate

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

