Chapter 1: The 11th
    


Notes:
This darling titlecard comes from Awkwardnormalcy (tumblr and AO3). You should go check her out!




Chapter Text
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Be near me now,
My tormenter, my love, be near me—
At this hour when night comes down.
Be Near Me, Faiz Ahmed Faiz

 

Chapter One: The 11th

The number 11 is a good number for Darcy Lewis,
She had her first kiss on the 11th. She got her first pet on her 11 birthday. She met Jane on the 11th. Shit, she even won five hundred bucks in a bingo game once, the clincher being – you guessed it- the number 11.
Eleven is her number. Her lucky number.
This benevolence for the prime number is in no small part thanks to the elegant, ruby red writing that wraps itself around her right wrist like an intimate bracelet, its secret zealously guarded. Even so, it’s no secret to those she’s closest to that she has a tendency to up her eyeliner game and actually curl or straighten her hair properly on the 11th of every month.
She’s one of the fortunate ones, after all. Darcy Lewis is one of the lucky few with at least some semblance of an idea of when she’ll meet ‘the one’. So forgive her if she’s maybe a little more invested in her appearance. She doesn’t want to disappoint.
The day Jane’s doodad machine malfunctions is not the 11th. It’s not even 11am.
Go figure.
-----
Darcy remember an intense heat and an insistent and obnoxious beeping noise. She remembers the familiar feeling of tools in her hands as she tries to fix a machine she has only a shaky understanding of. Most of all, she remembers the agony of being torn apart and put back together again and again and again. She tries to scream, but there’s not enough air in her lungs for even a whimper- she’s barely even sure if she haslungs anymore.
It lasts an eternity. It lasts barely a second. Darcy knows nothing- is nothing.
And then it all just
Stops.
She’s something, she’s Darcy. She’s thrown to the ground with a thump that rattles in her chest. Aches in her throat. She gasps. Groans. Smells pine needles and wet earth. Tastes wood-smoke and the remnants of coffee. Hears confused and startled shouts.
“Fuck me.” She gasps, throwing what she hopes is still her arm over her eyes. Everything hurts. She’s going to kill Jane when she gets back from wherever the fuck she is. If she works it out, which with Jane is a possible no, but she will have the help of Tony and Bruce and possibly Heimdall.
Darcy hopes.
“Miss? Miss, are you alright?” a man asks. He sounds familiar. She lets her arm flop to the ground. Looks familiar too.
“… Steve?” she breathes. The man’s eyes widen and he flinches. She wishes she was still wearing her glasses. His shape grows indistinct, “What’re-” she tries again, words too slurred for her to even understand. “Wht’re y’dwan ere-” the slurring fails to stop. Darcy makes a soft noise of frustration, and a warm hand touches hers, but the face that grows closer grows no clearer. Stupid glasses.
Vaguely she remembers, as the black rises around her, that she’d been wearing her contacts today.
-----
Darcy wakes with a start, with a splitting headache and handcuffed to a canvas cot to boot. She knows this because she almost strangles herself with the arm stretched across her chest and neck when she tries to sit up.
“Jesus fuck!” she hisses at the pitched roof of her makeshift prison, flopping back down onto the stretcher, pride smarting more than anything, “Jane, I swear to Thor, if you manage to fix whatever clusterfuck your machine has gotten me into, I will wring your skinny fucking neck. And I do not care what you actual god golden retriever of a boyfriend looks like, so help me I will leave you for dead in your lab, surrounded by the carnage of your stupid fucking machines. Just give the interpolator a whack, Darcy. Just fix it with some duck-tape, Darcy. It’s fine, Darcy. I do it all the time, d-”
Somewhere to her left, a man coughs.
Darcy’s incensed mutterings cut off abruptly, blood rising to her cheeks. She turns, and just knows the blush is growing more pronounced.
A young man is staring at her, trying hard not to grin at her in amusement.
Idiot, Darcy berates herself. Should have checked out the tent first, before launching into an angry rant.
She studies him- around her age, with the kind of handsome face that would have had her mother swooning over. His dark hair looks as though it may have passed as neat two days ago, and the three day old growth on his face tells the same story, but his eyes are bright and intelligent, sparking with ill-hidden amusement. He looks familiar, she thinks, but she can’t quite pin down who he reminds her of. But what’s most striking is the well-worn military uniform he wears, circa WWII.
Darcy blows out heavily through her nose, “Well fuck,” she says, brain-to-mouth filter once again failing her spectacularly, “please tell me I’ve just stumbled into an impromptu LARPing event in Central Park. What’s the date, Mister Handsome Army Dude?”
The amusement sl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
background Jane Foster/Thor - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Heavy Drinking
Road Trip of Justice
Slow Burn
WinterShock - Freeform
CaptainFalcon
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Darcy & Sam: Brotp
Darcy & Steve: my other Brotp
Darcy Lewis' A+ Driving
Kidnapping
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Human Experimentation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
background Jane Foster/Thor - Relationship

