Work Text:
It had taken nearly two weeks to find Tony.  It was two angst-filled, exhausting weeks the Avengers spent exploring every possible lead, trying to find out who had taken their most obnoxious and very crucial teammate.  Tony would laugh in their faces if he could see them chasing their own shadows all across the Eastern seaboard.  It’s true what they say: you don’t appreciate what you have until it’s not there to insult your taste in music.Tony had stepped in front of Natasha, shoving her out of the way to take the brunt of the weapons blast against his armored chest plate.  He’d fired back and disappeared into the sky, robotic monsters on his heels.  Twenty minutes later the enemy was mostly destroyed, Thor and Hulk were rounding up the stragglers, and Tony was missing in action.  The enemy robots didn’t seem to fight as hard once Steve couldn’t raise Tony on the comm.  Once they figured out where he was being held, mostly by good luck and a few pointed tips from Air Force intelligence, they’d launched a full-on recovery mission – Operation Motor Mouth.  Or, as Clint so aptly put it: Operation Bring Stark Fucking Home.They’d busted in the entrance of the dilapidated warehouse, less tact and more brute force because they’d been sitting around doing nothing and finally they were going to take back what had been stolen from them.Of course, because Tony Stark was Tony Stark, he was stripped down to a dirty, grease-covered tank top, enemy combatants unconscious and restrained in the corner, and bent over a jury-rigged repulsor device.  “Oh, hey.  You guys made it.  Awesome,” Tony says.  He waves a filthy hand in their direction, eyes never leaving his fledgling creation.  “Bruce, once you de-Hulk yourself, you wanna help me with this?”He’s thin, thinner than normal, skin stretched over bone and sinewy muscle.  His eye is bruised, right hand swollen, and his normally immaculately trimmed goatee is growing into a fully-formed yet splotchy beard.It’s nearly a standoff, a far more impressive one than when Tony brought his captors to their knees using a couple of paper clips, a fountain pen with no ink, and some broken stereo equipment, until Steve agrees that Tony can take whatever he’s building with them, and finally Tony goes willingly.  He slaps Steve on the back and smugly says, “I knew you’d see things my way.”  Steve wonders what the appropriate time length is before he can wring his lost and now recovered teammate’s neck.Tony hadn’t taken his suppressants, because his being an omega is not common knowledge, and only Bruce was smart enough to bring them along.  Tony eyes the vial in Bruce’s hand, eyes shifting between his work and the medication.  Tony dismisses him with a simple, “Later,” and continues fiddling with the equipment in his lap.It’s less than an hour before they reach SHIELD headquarters and it stings that Tony was being kept so close this whole time.  If they were that hard up, they could have walked to get him back.  He only agrees to a medical check because Steve is being particularly mulish about it, and with Thor and even Clint (the traitor), backing him and conveniently blocking all available exits, Tony goes.  It’s clear he’s doing it under extreme duress if the ruckus he’s kicking up is any indication.Tony is dressing down the nurse – who doesn’t look a day over twenty – and her lack of basic blood-drawing skills with words that are sharper than Natasha’s favorite knives.  It’s not the first time Steve wishes Tony was bonded.  No alpha would allow this, not when their omega was hurting and there was a chance of greater injury.  Steve tries to step in, as an alpha, as the team leader, as whatever it would take to get Tony to tone it down for five seconds and let someone verify he’s not actually going to keel over in the next five minutes.When the nurse misses his vein on the third attempt, Tony jerks his arm away.  “All right, you’re done.  Three strikes and you’re out.”“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, but if you’d–”“Are you blind?  It’s big, blue and currently gushing deoxygenated blood through my circulatory system.  How can you not see it?  Here, give me the damn syringe and I’ll do it myself.”  Tony grabs for the needle, his other arm curved protectively over his stomach.“Tony,” Steve starts, squaring his shoulders for a fight.The door to the medical unit bangs open and Colonel James Rhodes strides through, gaze flashing from the nurse to Steve and finally landing on Tony with keen interest.  “Okay, what’s going on?”“Rhodey,” Tony says gleefully, already pushing out of bed.“Lie back down,” Rhodey says, quickly taking stock of the situation, and Steve is more than marginally impressed when Tony does. “Blood draw?” he surmises promptly when he sees the empty tubes on the table next to Tony’s bed.  Tony holds up his arm, three tiny punctures marring the crevice of his elbow.  “Send someone who’s competent, please,” Rhodey says.  He’s polite, but it’s nothing less than an order and the you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
BAMF!Tony

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

