Chapter 1: Unmasking the Trickster
    




Chapter Text
Thor was walking through one of the large hallways of the S.H.I.E.L.D. helicarrier when the familiar bright light of the Bifrost appeared in front of him, beckoning him back to Asgard. It puzzled him at first since he had not called for a transport to his homeworld. And since no one was coming to Midgard from it, the only other explanation was some dire emergency that needed his assistance. Not thinking any more about it, he allowed it to take him back. His heart skipped a beat when he arrived at the gate and found a wounded Heimdall in front of him. Thor immediately ran to kneel at his side. Not wasting time, the gatekeeper quickly explained to him what had happened and what he had seen, and told him of the suspicions he had.
Thor nodded solemnly. “I see. Are you quite sure, Heimdall?” Thor looked his friend over, a deep crease in his brow, noting the man’s many wounds.
The dark-skinned man nodded gravely. “I stake my life on it. It is the trickster in guise of the All-Father. He had me locked away beneath the palace along with Sif, Fandral, Volstagg, and Hogun. I went to them because you were still on Midgard. They are still locked in the dungeons below; the guards attacked me when I tried to escape…” Heimdall’s gaze fell to the ground. “I did my best to not kill any of them, but I know not how successful I was.”
Thor grimaced. “Rest, my friend. I will take care of Loki.” Thor turned, hastily whipping his hammer in an arch and thrusting it towards the palace. Within one jaunt, he landed heavily in front of the marble steps as he straightened, storming purposefully towards the audience chamber.
There, sitting on the throne, he saw what appeared to be his father. Thor’s jaw tightened as he tried to reign back his emotion. He had to see how Loki would react and where his father, Odin, was being held. He must have succumbed to the Odinsleep as Loki was no match for their father. Loki would tell him one way or another, of this Thor was certain.
Loki watched as Thor quickly approached the throne. A twinge of fear coursed through him as he wondered why his oaf of a brother was back, and what he wanted. Couldn't he just stay on Midgard? It had to have been Heimdall's doing. Curse the guards for letting him get away! He'd done all he could to try and cover that over with those who were unsuspecting, and it still came back to bite him. Who would have thought Heimdall would go to Thor?
Loki's first instinct was to turn and run before Thor reached him, but he had to keep himself together and stay in-character. He was now the All-Father Odin to everyone, even Thor. His brother didn't know it was him sitting on the throne, so why should he be afraid? He almost cracked a smile at that thought, but he suppressed it. He had to be very careful. One tiny slip could cost him dearly.
"Back already?" Loki said in the voice of Odin. "Have you changed your mind about taking the throne? Or is there something else you've come to see me about?"
Thor’s face was stony, and as much as he wished to use deceit in a manner to grill Loki for the truth, he was not his brother; this was not Thor’s way. Thor sized up the man in front of him, noting details previously that he had missed. Of course, how could he have been fooled so easily? Thor moved up the small set of stairs to address his ‘father’, responding curtly, “Drop the act, brother, you and I both know what you’ve done here.” Thor did not waste time as he quickly closed the gap between them, using the element of surprise to snatch the trickster up by the tunic, so he would not be able to evade him. Pulling the lighter form into close proximity, Thor growled, “Now you will tell me where our father is.”
Loki absently let his grip slip from Gungnir, the precious spear falling to the floor with a deafening, heavy clang that resounded into every corner of the room that was sure to bring any nearby guards running. The whole incident took him by complete surprise and almost made him lose his illusion and ruin the charade. He struggled to keep the illusion in place as he twisted in Thor’s iron grasp.
Fear surged through Loki even more as he peered into Thor’s eyes and realized the reality of the situation he was currently looking at. If he couldn’t outwit Thor in the next few minutes and convince him that he was indeed Odin, all would be lost. His plans would be a failure again, and he’d probably spend the rest of his life banished to some horrid and forgotten hole on Niflheim where even Hela herself feared to tread. How did his brother even figure out that it was him? His thoughts came back to Heimdall. He was the only explanation. Everything started unraveling after he got away. It was then that Loki knew he should have done something differently with the all-seeing sentry.
“What is the meaning of this, Thor? Have you gone mad?” Loki managed to blurt out, still maintaining his Odin form. “Unhand me at once! I am your father! Whatever
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
spank
Spanking
Over the Knee
Hurt/Comfort
Family
Non-Consensual Spanking
Disciplinary Spanking
Parental Spanking
Non-Sexual Spanking
Warm and Fuzzy Feelings
Loki Feels
Brothers
Action/Adventure
Siblings
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki-centric
loki needs cuddles
Loki's poor bottom
Humor
Sick Loki
Hospital
Injections
Mortal Loki
big baby Loki
Motherly Jane Foster
Thumb-sucking
Non-sexual cuddling
Non-Sexual
Loki gets a shot
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
AU
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Alternate Universe
Sickfic
Medical Procedures
Male-Female Friendship
Non-shipping
Platonic Relationships
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Family Feels
Friendship
Slight non-sexual age play
Needles
Birthday
Birthday Party
Birthday Spanking

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor

