Work Text:
“Peter Stark!” Came a booming voice, causing said brunette to almost jump out of his skin. Peter whipped around, eye's, hidden behind a spandex mask, blown wide as he found his father staring him down, well, one of them. “Where do you think you're going, mister?” Steve asked, receiving a mix between a groan and cry in response.“I know I'm grounded but pleeeas?” Peter pleaded, hands clasping in prayer, making sure not to set off his web shooters in the process. “This is Wade's last night in town before leaving for a two-week mission. Besides, It's almost my birthday.” He reminded, hoping to gain a few points thanks to the annual event. Steve stared down his vigilante son, arms crossed and scowl on his face before letting out a sigh.“Fine, you can go.” Peter's face lit up, though it couldn't be seen behind his mask, as he raced over to give his father a quick hug.“Thank you!” He cheered before turning away and proceeded to jump out of the nearest open window, giving his parent a small heart attack as it always did.“God.” Steve ground as he tried to calm his racing heartbeat. “I'll never get used to that.”“Used to what?” Came the familiar voice of his husband. Steve turned to find Tony in only a housecoat; hair still wet from his recent shower.“Peter jumping off high places,” Steve answered, causing the inventor's lips to turn up in a smirk.“He's been Spider-man for almost five years, and you're still panicking?” Tony asked as he drew closer to hi husband.“I can't help it. He's still our little boy to me.” Steve defended, barely ever reacting when the younger slipped his arms around his waist and pulled them together.“I know how you feel.” Tony sympathized. “But he's almost 20; he's pretty much a full grown man now.”“My god, where did the years go?” Steve asked as Tony took one hand and grabbed the blond man’s left wrist.“Spent them in bed with me.” Tony joked, receiving a huff from his husband. Tony's smirk only grew as he planted a light kiss atop his own name that was carved into the inside of Steve's wrist. Tony laid the side of his head on his lover's chest so he could both hear and feel the light rumble of the captains pleased hum. “A week and a half, then our Peter will get his name. You think it will be Wade's name like he's hoping?” Tony eventually said, having gotten a bit lost in some memories for a moment.“Probably not,” Steve admitted with a light frown. “He still has his whole life ahead of him, who knows who he will meet down the line. I, for instance, would have never predicted the turn my life took when I first got 'Anthony Stark' on my wrist back in the thirties.”“True. I'll admit I wasn’t exactly thrilled about getting a supposedly dead guys name on my 20th. I mean it all worked out for the best, but it wasn’t what I was expecting.”“I just hope Peter's not too disappointed when the time comes.”+Time Skip+Peter slipped through the ever unlocked window of Wade's apartment and was met with silence, a very uncommon and unsettling thing when it came to the merc with a mouth.“Wade?” Peter called as he ventured further in, slipping off his mask and gloves, then tossing them onto a side table. “Wa-” The brunette was cut off by his own yelp as he was suddenly tackled onto the nearby couch. A wrestling match then broke out, quickly turning from forceful pushes and shouts to tackles and subsequent laughter.“That's not fair!” Peter declared as he let his hands be pinned together above his head. “Using the fact that my Spider-senses don't work on you anymore against me.”“Well, it's not my fault. Your powers should know your booty's never safe when I'm around.” Wade declared as he leaned in close. Peter chuckled lightly before lifting his chin up to meet his lover's lips half way. By the way,” Wade sat up, though he still kept the younger's hands and legs pinned down to the couch. “Your late Mr. Stark.” He pointed out with an exaggerated, disapproving pout.“I know. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to take your job.” Wade's mouth fell open in mock hurt, his free hand coming to rest atop his chest.“Are you sassing me, mister?”“Now that one is my job.”“Well then, looks like my sassy Spidey is gonna have to be punished,” Wade said before putting on a devilish grin at the brunettes responding expression.“What? H-hey!” The mercenary tucked his fingers under the bottom edge of Peter's spandex top and proceeded to lift it, revealing the brunettes toned stomach. The younger instantly began to squirm, catching onto his boyfriend's plan. “No Wade, please.” He begged but to no avail. Before Peter could use his superhuman strength, Wade placed his lips over the youngers navel a blew, causing the brunette's body to jolt at the ticklish sensation. Peter let out a shrieked that soon devolved into laughter as he thrashed his legs as best he could under the older man’s weight. Wade gave the brunette a couple more raspberries before showing mercy and returning to his sitting position, this time releasing the younger's han
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Superfamily (Marvel)
Spideypool - Freeform
Stony - Freeform
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Angst
Fluff at the beginning
Peter is 19/20 and Wade is late 20s
some may see it as underage so I thought I'd warn you all

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

