Work Text:

There was a clack at the window, something like a rock hitting against the brittle pane. A minute passed before another hit rattled the glass in its frame. Jimmy slid off the top bunk with a scramble of awkward limbs, landing with a quiet thump. With a cringe he pushed open the creaking window to peer down into the alley below.

"Ah, geez, Barnes!" he whines just under his breath, hoping the fool below would hear him. "You tryin' to get a guy in trouble or somethin'?"
At the sound of his friend's name, Steve threw off his own blankets and tumbled from his bed. He was at the window in moments, something fluttering eagerly in his chest at the sight of the dark mop of hair and mischievous smile flashing in the streetlight. After reading the balcony scene from Romeo and Juliet in class just a few days earlier, the thought came to mind easily as he looked down. Steve was thankful for the cover of night, hiding the heat in his cheeks. "Hiya, Bucky," he smiled, leaning out the window to wave. 
"Hey, Steve," he stage whispered back, not bothering to acknowledge Jimmy even as he was still standing there. 

"What're you doin' out so late, anyway?" Jimmy grumbled. "Your pop kick you out again?" 

With grace like an alley cat, Bucky scaled the fire escape with barely a groan of the metal under his weight. "As a matter-of-fact, he did," Bucky said easily as he squat down on the landing outside the window. "Not that I really care. How you doin, Stevie?"

Steve leaned on the window ledge, forgetting Jimmy was even in the room. "Alright, I guess."

"Just alright?" Bucky asked, and Steve could see him grin in the faint moonlight falling between the buildings, the only light to see him by at five floors up.

"The best now, really," Steve laughed softly. "I got my best pal here. You got a place to stay tonight?"

"Not yet, unless you're offering?"

Jimmy groaned. "We're gonna be in so much trouble again..."

Bucky ignored Jimmy completely, eyes on Steve. Steve, who could never say no. At least, not to Bucky.

"I'll take all the blame, Jimmy. Just say you were sleeping and didn't know."

"Aww, Steve," Jimmy whined again. "Don't let this guy get you in trouble again! It's every time--"

"He doesn't have a place to go, Jimmy," Steve said, looking at his bunk mate with pleading eyes. "You know I'd do the same for you."

"Fine, I don't know nothin'." And with that, Jimmy climbed back up onto the top bunk.

Bucky didn't waste any time slipping through the window and shucking off his clothes down to his undershirt and shorts. Thankful the darkness hid his grin, Steve scrambled into his bed and held the blankets open for Bucky to follow him in.

"They need to get you a bigger bed, punk," Bucky said, curling up along Steve's back as Steve faced the wall.

"This one is plenty big without you crowding it," he murmured back. "Now go to sleep, jerk. The Sisters come by early, and you gotta be outta here."

Steve's just at the edge of sleep, just ready to slip out of this world into one of dreams, when a very quiet whisper tickled the hair behind his ear. "Thanks, Steve.... maybe one day, you'll be able to stay with me..." He couldn't work the words of a reply past his tired tongue, but he managed a smile.


* * *
If his posture was anything to go by, there was an obvious struggle, since he wasn't strapped into the harness and the IVs were attached after the fact, wherever they could be applied to the frozen skin without doing anymore damage. He was hunched, curling in on himself like he was trying to ward off the cold while attempting to force his way out. The bitter twist of his lips and the anguished tightening around his eyes showed he was desperate to get free and probably felt every bit of the freezing process."This isn't Red Room," Natasha breathed. "They believed in knocking him out before putting him in. He fought less, so less damage done.""Had some of the best looking into it," Agent Sitwell said, flipping through a file. "Seems CIA left out a few pages. The inside terrorist attack in '02 was a cover-up. Three agents dead, 17 wounded. Don't think they were prepared for him to be ready to go right out the box.""Let's not make it a habit of underestimating frozen soldiers," Fury said. "Widow. You've seen this before. What can we expect?"She ran her fingers over the casing. "Disorientation. Aggression. Incoherence. They probably tried wiping his mind before they turned him over, so there is no guarantee he'll recognize me at all. Sedation usually doesn't work; he has some sort of high tolerance to medications. High tolerance to pain, as well. His shoulder is a disaster; he lived with constant pain and showed no signs of it unless he caused further damage to it.""Initial examinations sent over from the CIA show that his shoulder was shattered at one point, and replaced by a poorly designed metal join. No known evidence as to how they managed to save his arm as well, but it's still intact for the most part," Sitwell flutte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Ambiguous or Implied Pairing
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
discussions of characters previously being dead
discussions of major injuries sustained by off-screen violence
Canon-Typical Violence
Threesome - M/M/M
Internalized Homophobia
Homophobia
Coming Out
Flashbacks
Memories
Established Relationship
Break Up
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Mildly Dubious Consent
First Time
Language
embarrassing pubescent moment
Voyeurism
Jealousy
Selfishness
Trust Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
Polyamory
please read the notes
V-type polyamory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Ambiguous or Implied Pairing
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

