Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bruce and I had been sleeping together (among other things) for about a month when I met the Other Guy. It was love at first sight. I think.
Bruce and I had been in the lowest level of a parking garage when Bad Guy Of The Week decided to use the building for target practice, a random act, apparently, and fortunately no one was hurt.
(The concert hadn't let out yet - we'd snuck out around the seventh-inning stretch, by which time the excruciatingly 21st century composition had made Philip Glass sound like Muzak. Guess I'm more traditional than I thought.)
Once the roar and the dust settled and we realized the exits were blocked, we kind of groped our way over to my little Smart Car and turned on the radio and heard what (or who) had caused the collapse. The garage had been half-full of cars, the few cashiers were evacuated safely, and the Bad Guy had been smacked down by a couple of the Avengers and Natasha. Thanks to the always amazing Stark tech, I discovered that I could still get cell reception under a pile of demolished cement and steel.
"Tony? Hi, it's Bruce. Yeah, we went to that modern music thing at the - yep, you dodged a bullet there, pal. Not your kind of thing. Anyway, you know that garage that was knocked down by the guy you collared? Well, Darcy and I are stuck in the basement, and..."
I couldn't make out the words Tony was shouting, but I totally admired Bruce for waiting so patiently for the noise to die down.
"Tony, we're okay. I didn't - change, I don't know why and I don't care. We're all right, but all the exits are blocked. Where are you?"
More listening, then he spoke up again. "Are you sure everyone else is accounted for? Well, if you and Cap can dig us out, I can concentrate on protecting Darcy from anything that might fall on us. Are you kidding? Of course, that'll bring it down the rest of the way. It's a miracle we're not flattened already. Okay, stand by."
He hit the mute button and turned to me, looking kind of grim.
"This wouldn't be a problem if it were just me," he started. That didn't make me feel any better, but he went on, "The guys could keep everyone else away while the Other Guy dug himself out. As it is, they can bore a hole through the wreckage to find us - but chances are that would cause further collapse."
"I think I see where this is going," I said.
Bruce nodded. "If I let the Other Guy out, he can protect you while Tony and the others are digging us an exit. This space isn't very big, but if he curls up around you it should work."
I guess I looked like the proverbial bilgesnipe in the headlights, because his expression got worried and he said, "Darcy? This is the safest, quickest way to get us out, but if you don't want to be stuck in here with - well, I understand."
Grabbing his hand, I said, "Wait, wait. I can do this. We can do this. You've - let him out before, on purpose, right? And he could recognize who was a threat and who wasn't?"
"He did, that time," said Bruce. "I haven't tried it since. You and I - he *should* remember that we're together. I can't guarantee anything, though."
I took a deep breath. "What's the worst that could happen?"
"He loses it and smashes his way out of here, bringing the rest of the building down on your head." Now he looked miserable.
"What's the best that could happen?"
"The Other Guy sees you as someone he needs to take care of, you tell him what the team is up to, and he hunkers down like a big shield for you until you can both get out."
"Okay, then," I said. "Think happy thoughts. And tell Tony it's okay with me."
Bruce almost dropped the phone as he hooked a hand around my shoulders and pulled me in for a kiss. Then he said into the phone, "Tony? We're going to try it. Remember, he can't control when he turns back into me, so once he's out, you'll have to deal with him."
He listened for another minute or so, gave Tony a rough idea of where we were trapped, and handed the phone to me.
"Keep them posted," he said and started to - take off his pants?
"Hell of a time for a strip tease, honey," I said, forgetting the phone was in my hand. I could hear Tony snickering.
"Hey, I might need these later," said Bruce calmly, folding up the pants and starting to unbutton his shirt. "I'm not crazy about a lot of things the Other Guy does, one of which is ripping apart my clothes and leaving me buck naked in the middle of nowhere when I come around."
He kicked off his shoes, handed me his button-down shirt and folded pants, and stood there in his tighty whities. If I'd had time and privacy I'd have ripped those off him too. To hell with privacy - I'd have done it in Macy's window if our lives hadn't been at stake.
"Take a picture for me," said Tony, breaking into my lusty reverie.
"Oh, shut up," I muttered, then remembered who I was talking to and added, "Mr. Stark."
"Don't call him that, it just makes his head bigger," Bruce said. "Ready?"
Tony relayed that they were ready outside, I said I was ready (as I'd ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Size Kink
Humor
Rimming
Podophilia
Cunnilingus
Masturbation
Wet & Messy
Come Shot
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis

