Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Iron Man Yes, Tony Stark...Not Recommended


 
Them moving in is actually more than a little awkward. It’s not like Tony hadn’t already been planning on it, the single A left perfectly at the top of the tower, none of the other letters of his name surrounding it, is as close to an omen as he’s ever likely to see. When he remodelled and redecorated he created space for all of them. He was however, waiting for Bruce to calm down enough to come back from whichever part of India he’s holed himself up in. Bruce is the only one Tony really had a rapport with, and Bruce got on well enough with the others and would likely smooth the way a bit with his mild mannered routine, and if his mild mannered thing wasn’t enough, the suggestion that he might get angry if they didn’t all bake team building cookies together or something might work. If Bruce had taken a while to convince himself that living somewhere were SHIELD and the military and the combined governments of the western world was not completely inconceivable, Tony might have moved them in when Thor got back. He’s already making plans to get Jane Foster on Sis staff, they could use brains and lateral thinking like hers and Tony is not above bribery, and if Thor was there this would all be easy because everyone likes Thor. Even Fury likes Thor. He’s still in Asgard though, as remote and unreachable as Bruce’s Indian location. So Tony had been waiting, he is, occasionally, capable of demonstrating patience and restraint.All of which is why it’s so awkward when, at one of the post clean-up debriefings Fury makes them go to after making them help with rubble removal in their full gear so the press can identify them doing it, the man barks, “Stark. You’ve got space at that tower of yours? You can all stay there then. I’m sick of the media camped out around my supposedly top secret base trying to snap a picture of Captain America in his long johns.”Steve blushes and says, “Yes sir,” before Barton, who’s already opened his mouth can object.And that’s that really, Fury’s always been a demanding bastard and Tony can hardly say they’re not invited. That’ll just make him look like a dick later when he invites Bruce to move in, and contrary to expectations Tony is not actually a complete bastard. Not most of the time. Some of the time at least. Besides, the tower is too quiet ever since the night Pepper tearfully confessed that she just couldn’t take the stress of not knowing if he was going to do something dangerously heroic like fly a nuke through an alien portal without any warning and had left him to go and clear her head in Malibu, get some space. Tony hadn’t even tried to stop her. He’d always been willing to give Pepper the world when she cried. “Give me a week to get some rooms ready,” he says instead, tiredly running a hand through sweat sodden hair.“Three days,” Fury barks.Tony sticks his tongue out at him when he turns his back. It doesn’t get the laughs he expects, but he already knows that Rogers is a stick in the mud about authority and Barton and Natal- Natasha might know something he doesn’t- like he rips out stuck out tongues with pliers. Whatever.Tony’s always worked well under pressure though, and the three days he spends delightedly getting their rooms ready are some of the most fun he’s had in ages. So fun that it doesn’t even occur to him to miss Pepper, and her absence has been like a raw burn in his chest.Forget rooms, he has designed them whole floors and he actually has the plans ready to go, so it’s simply a case of throwing enough money at various contractors to get them to appreciate that this really is urgent and that he won’t be standing for delays for part delivery. He orders them everything he can think of, and some other things besides, decorating a reasonably sized and functional kitchen, bathroom, living room and sleeping area on each floor as well as providing each of them with extra spaces suited to them. He turns a large room with huge bay windows into an art studio for Steve, having always treasured the doodled sketch Auntie Peggy had given him during his Captain America fanboy phase to rival Coulson’s own. For Barton he turns the whole west end of his floor into a shooting gallery. He doesn’t have time with Fury’s insane deadline to design any really amazing target programmes, but he has a few left over from when he was first learning precision shooting with his repulsors and he has JARVIS make sure these are accessible. And Natal- Natasha, god, he’s still getting used to that. Well, he knows she’s deadly and more dangerous than most of the things he expects that they will end up fighting, but she’s also almost ridiculously beautiful and in his not inconsiderable experience with women, he knows she’ll have stacks of clothes and shoes and will want to collect more now that she’s got a full time living space so he provides her with two enormous walk in closets, and an armoury so she doesn’t think he thinks
[starting tags]
relationship: 
team ensemble friendship

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
unintentional bullying
angsty angst fic of doom
there will be a happy ending promise
seriously it's not intentional
but it does get mean in places

fandom: 
team ensemble friendship

