Work Text:

As soon as he entered the kitchen, Steve could just tell that something was wrong. Call it...paternal instinct. His eyes fell on Tony, who was sitting alone at the table, and he watched him quietly for a moment. He observed the way Tony had one hand on the table, fiddling with the end of his sleeve, and had his other hand tangled in his dark hair. 

Trying to self-soothe in the most subtle way he could.



Steve walked from the doorway up to where Tony was sitting, allowing his footsteps to make noise so Tony would hear him coming, because if he was aware that Steve was in the room he didn’t show it. Steve gently put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Hey,” he said in a soft voice, and Tony leaned into his touch. “What’s going on? You’re up here all by yourself, you must be lonely.” Tony shrugged, just the tiniest movement that was almost unnoticeable. Steve knelt down so he was at Tony’s eye level. He chose his next words carefully and maintained his gentle tone. “Tony, how old are you right now?” Again, Tony shrugged and avoided making eye-contact. Ever-so-carefully, Steve ran his fingers down Tony’s cheek and under his chin, lifting his head and looking into his brown eyes. “Tony?”


Tony looked back at him as tears began welling up in his eyes. A small whine escaped his throat and he held his arms out to Steve. Steve immediately pulled Tony into him and began rubbing little circles into his back. He felt his shirt dampen when Tony nuzzled his face into his shoulder and a few tears found their way out.


Steve shushed him before he could start really crying. “Tony, sweetie, it’s okay.” He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. “Baby, I promise I’m not mad, but can I ask why you didn’t come find me or ask JARVIS to get me?” Tony didn’t answer, because he didn’t really know why he didn’t get Steve. He knew that Steve didn’t like him to be by himself when he was little, but he didn’t want to be a bother, and he thought he could handle himself, or will his headspace away to the back of his mind. Steve sighed and hugged Tony a bit tighter to let him know that it was alright.


Steve stood up carefully, holding Tony close to his chest. Tony had his arms around Steve’s neck and his legs wrapped around his waist.


“Do you wanna go lay down for a while?” Steve felt Tony nod against the side of his neck. He carried him into the elevator and they rode in comfortable silence up to Steve’s floor. Steve figured that the rest of the team was either out or preoccupied in other parts of the tower, because if any of them had come across Tony in the communal kitchen they would’ve let him know right away. They were all capable (and willing) to comfort and take care of Tony, but Steve was his main caregiver. Steve couldn’t be certain, but he was pretty sure that Tony had been in the kitchen for one reason or another when he found himself drifting into his headspace. The way Tony explained it once when he was big, his little headspace could sometimes creep up on him out of nowhere.


When the elevator reached Steve’s floor, the doors quietly slid open and they stepped out. The lights were dimmed, and Steve didn’t bother turning them up because he could tell by the feeling of Tony growing heavier in his arms that he was more asleep than awake. Steve carried him through the living room and into the bedroom. He carefully laid Tony down on the bed and settled him into the middle of the king-sized mattress. Steve climbed in next to him and pulled the covers up over both of them. Right away, Tony was cuddled up at his side with his head on Steve’s chest. Steve couldn’t see Tony’s face from where he was lying, but the soft smacking  sounds he was making told him that Tony had slipped his thumb into his mouth and was sucking away contently. Normally Steve would’ve tried to find one of Tony’s pacifiers that were always scattered throughout the tower, because who knew when the last time Tony had washed his hands was, but Tony was already sleeping peacefully and Steve didn’t have the heart to wake a napping baby.


---------


Before he even realized that he’d fallen asleep, Steve had been woken up by the sound of sniffling and a warm wet spot on the side of his thigh. The second his sleep-heavy mind registered that Tony was crying, he sat up and turned to his baby. Tony was still sucking his thumb, though harder now, anxiously, and he had curled in on himself. His eyes were squeezed shut like he was trying to stop the tears from coming out and he was burying his face in a pillow.


Steve reached out slowly and tousled Tony’s hair. Tony tensed for a second and then melted under the touch, and his tears streamed down his cheeks. Steve spoke softly, “Tony, it’s okay. You’re alright, I promise.” Tony sniffled and nuzzled himself as close to Steve as he could get. “That’s daddy’s fault, huh? I should’ve gotten you changed before we laid down. I guess I was being silly and didn’t think about that.” Steve said with a hint of light-hearte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
Little!Tony
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
Caretaker!Steve
Diapers
Wetting
Bed-Wetting
Thumb-sucking
Pacifiers
bottles
Fluff
Cuddles
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
washing
Little/Daddy Dynamics
Team as Family
Teddy Bears
Age Regression/De-Aging
Non-Sexual Age Regression

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

