Chapter 1: Neverland is Home to Lost Boys Like Me
    




Chapter Text

Part 1: Neverland is Home to Lost Boys Like Me 
            Matt Murdock was 10 years old when he ran away from the orphanage.He didn’t mean to run away; this was not a premeditated desertion. He woke up that morning and braced himself for the proverbial ‘one day more’ (if you know your Les Miserables, which at that time 10 year old Matt Murdock did not). He closed his useless eyes and clenched his little fists and tried, tried, tried to make the world make sense again through the endless screaming cacophony that seemed determined to batter him from all sides.Heartbeats. He counted them. Seven other boys in the dormitory, all sluggish and steady in deep sleep. Two nuns in the hallway, their pulses the light pitter-patter of waking hours. More nuns elsewhere, one, two, three, four, five… ten total minus the ones in the hall. All awake, all working. All content. Nine heartbeats thrumming along in the girls’ dormitory across the yard. There used to be ten, but 3-year-old Gretchen got adopted last week. The nuns had given her a small going-away party; there was cake and Matt couldn’t eat more than a bite or two because he could taste the chemical wrongness of the frosting and the other boys made fun of him and Sister Constance called him wasteful when he scraped it off.Breathing was much the same. The same body-count as before. Sister Mary Catherine’s asthma was acting up, Sister Claudia Sophia’s cold had gotten a bit better overnight, Sister Elizabeth was carrying something heavy, he could hear her huffing and puffing. Her steps were heavier too. She was too far away for him to be able to tell what she was holding. Maybe laundry. He could smell the soap in the air. A sister would come in soon and tell them to get up and strip the beds before breakfast; it was time to wash the sheets again.Matt’s nose wrinkled involuntarily. He hated laundry day. The sheets would come back reeking of the abrasive detergent the nuns favored, the fabric harsh with unnecessary starch. A whole week devoted to making the bedding soft again, making it smell familiar and comfortable, only for another Friday to come around and the whole process repeated over again.Matt rolled over and buried his face in the pillow, only to pull away gagging when the conflicting scents of harsh soap and old pillow and his own shampoo assaulted him.A new nun out in the hall, her feet a brisk clip-clop on the floor. Sister Abigail. A sharp crack of sound as the door opened and a simple command to get up and make sure they strip the beds and carry the sheets to the washroom before washing up for breakfast and morning prayer.Matt squirmed out of the cocoon of blankets he’d made to insulate himself against the world, already on his feet and moving as his bunkmates began to stir, their sleepy grumbles aggressively loud to Matt’s sensitive ears. He dressed with brisk efficiency and stripped his bed, trying to force his brain to only focus on the sheets, the feel of their edges, the snap they made when pulled off the bed in one smooth motion. The babble of the other boys was a rising tide behind him, like ocean waves trying to swamp a beach.Sheets. Just focus on the sheets.He’d gotten his bed stripped, the blankets in a neat pile at the foot, when the other boys’ usual morning chatter suddenly spiked. Voices raised, sharp and piercing, the sound of scuffling feet and the bang-bang-bang of adrenaline-fueled heartbeats rattled around and through Matt’s skull as he tried to orient himself relative to the fight. And fight it was. He could hear the familiar wet thump of flesh striking flesh. He could smell blood in the air and wondered if this was what sharks felt like.
The Murdock boys have got the Devil inside them. 
Do they, Dad? Do they?Matt could feel his fingers curl tighter and tighter around each other, a messy tangle of sweat-salt-skin.No, keep the Devil locked up. Keep the Devil inside.Matt forced his fingers to uncurl; forced himself to reach for his cane like this was any other day. He didn’t have a stake in this fight, it didn’t matter to him, it wasn’t important. He just wanted to hit someone, hit something. Make someone pay in blood for everything that was wrong with his tiny, dark, inferno of a world.He could feel the cool material of his cane against his palms. It was grounding, a steady point of focus in a mad, mad world.He should have heard it coming. If he wasn’t so preoccupied keeping the Devil inside, keeping his senses under control, keeping the nearly-ever-present headache at bay, he might have. As it was, when the knot of fighting boys slammed into him, he was surprised enough to let them take him down with them. They hit the floor. There were two boys, more focused on pummeling each other than him, both older and bigger than he was, and they were heavy and as soon as they hit the ground they were rolling, dragging him with them in their vicious tangle. Matt’s ears were 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Found Family
Families of Choice
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock Friendship
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Adoption
Parent Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Joins SHIELD
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Young Matt Murdock
Family Feels

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Matt Murdock & Natasha Romanov

