Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The boxes are arguing again.[If we do this, Spider-Man may very well web-shoot us to his ceiling like last time.] Yellow Box gently chided, an edge of exasperation seeping into Deadpool’s thoughts./Promises, promises/ leered White Box, /That’s practically foreplay and the big guy knows it./“How’d you manage to turn that into something dirty?” Deadpool wondered admiringly, grinning in approval and anticipation./Well, I am you./“Good point.” He muttered, feeling immensely proud of himself.And why shouldn’t he be proud? He’d just scaled frickin' Spider-Man’s swanky new apartment building under ice cold conditions through battering gale-force winds without even dying once, may he add. Or being apprehended by some overprotective Avenger. He was like some kind of sexy, gun-toting Romeo on a mission. Or like that douchebag, loser vampire who sparkled and stared a lot, or something less lame and more totally fucking awesome. And horny. And really, if Spidey didn’t want him to barge into his bedroom at night, he could at least make it harder. Like shut the window. Okay, lock it. Alright, lock it better. Fine! Deadpool was breaking and entering. But he did it so well.It’s not as if his intentions aren’t completely honourable. There’s this new monster-thingy on the news that Spidey definitely should check out. It’s 100% real and not at all based around some questionable found footage discovered online that sort of looks like someone’s taped a cat to the back of a big dog, then used forced perspective to make it look ginormous. Who’d be that desperate to get Spidey’s attention?!/Is the big guy even fooling you dumbasses?/[We are deeply ashamed…]“Shush!” And I can literally feel myself growing a vagina by even thinking this, but why can’t you be more supportive of my dating life choices? He internal monologued whilst crawling in through Spidey’s window like a nimble, pervy ninja.[This isn’t a date, this is stalking…]/This is madness…/ White box set up.“This is Sparta!” It wasn’t nearly as satisfying whispering it, but the sight of a sleeping Peter Parker more than made up for it.[Oh we’re gonna be on the news] moaned yellow box with sad inevitability, whilst white box seemed to be muttering something about ‘ass, ass, grab the booty, ass…’Deadpool clasped his hands together, cocked his head to one side and practically curtseyed at the adorable sight before him. Gently curled round on his side, a shirtless, bed-headed Spidey, all snuggled into his pillow, covers puddled messily around him, just waiting for a big, strong merc of a man to-[No! Stick to the plan boss…The terrible, terrible plan.]Deadpool let out a dreamy sigh, like a dazed schoolgirl. He rubbed his hands together in a slightly unnerving fashion, practically giddy with excitement. Should of worn my best dress over the top of lucky red…“Fuck the plan,” He murmured, before padding over to the bed.And quietly slipping under the covers.[Abort! Abort!]/Ass, ass, grab that booty, ass…/Hell, he was cold. Peter, and his bed wasn’t. It had been a long, chilly climb. Spidey was his reward, his Everest peak if you will. Now climb that mountain!The merc formally known as Wade lovingly took off his weapons and placed them gently on the floor. The katanas, his beloved boys, the big guns. Waking up next to a red spandex-y leather wearing creep would be alarming enough but at least he wouldn’t be an armed red spandex-y leather wearing creep. He slipped in slowly, so as not to wake the boy up. He slid closer to lie on his side next to Peter, not even touching, mirroring his position and relishing the heat of his body. Peter’s steady breath didn’t even hitch as Deadpool - Wade Wilson, Soppy Romantic Extraordinaire – shuffled ever closer.Peter was just so damn cute. Wade felt like a preening teenager. Such a young face, unlined – so unlike what lurked behind his own mask. Dark hair stuck up like a halo, and his lashes were so long. Damn he’s so pretty I could cry. Peter wore a little frown of concentration like a grumpy kitten, even in his sleep, still looking responsible. Incredible his narrow shoulders never crumpled under the weight. Full lips a perfect pucker with every exhale that made Wade picture doing all kinds of filthy things with. And to. He was beautiful in a geeky - and okay, hot - kind of way. And then there was the knowledge that although he looked like an edible love muffin, there was all that strength and raw power hidden within that wiry frame. Peter could pin Wade down no problem if he’d let him (and boy would Wade let him). Plus he was quite the little boffin, with his special made web shooters and running his own business and the like (got rich without killing people and all – imagine!).He was just so intrinsically good. Good people were usually so boring to Wade, but not Peter. He was endlessly fascinating, hard to understand how he always uses those powers t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
mild dub con
Wade talks to his boxes and is beautifully insane
feelings and naughty times
Spideypool - Freeform

fandom: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

