Chapter 1: A Different Approach
    


Notes:
DISCLAIMER: I own nothing and no one from Spiderman. I am just a poor college student who also happens to be a Spiderman fan. I make NO money from this. Please don't sue.Extended summary: Spidy has constantly refused to become one with Venom and the alien is tired with it…. So the symbiote decides to use the teen's body for something else. Explicit adult topics, tentacles, noncon, etc. Also I should mention that this fic sort of has brief Mpreg in it… well it's more like brief ovipositioning… if you don't know what that is you'll quickly get the picture as you read. Let's just say it has to do with eggs. Now, on to the tale:PS: Just a note, this story is the same 'Alien and It's Boy' from Fanfiction.net and I'm the same author so please don't think I'm plagiarizing.  I'm just moving the story here so I  don't have to worry about it being deleted for containing explicit content.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter blinked his eyes open then groaned and shielded away from the seemingly blinding light around him. Oh god my head is going to split open. He moaned weakly and, trying to ignore his pounding headache, opened his eyes again to look around.
What the…? Where am I? Peter squinted around at what looked like… the sewer system? How the hell did I get down here? He tried lifting his arm to shield his eyes so he could get a better look around but it was… stuck. The brunet glanced up in confusion then his eyes widened and a spark of fear flickered to life within him. His arm was trapped against the wall with webbing. His kind of webbing. Shit, there weren't too many people around that used the stuff. Peter could practically name them off one hand and besides himself, none of them were good news.
The teen tried to pull his arm out of the sticky stuff, but it wouldn't budge. His eyes were starting to adjust to the light around him and he quickly realized what he had thought was bright light was actually gloomy and dim. Dammit I must have a migraine or something. Peter glanced over to his other arm and down at his legs, but they were all stuck to the wall with the same webbing… and the pounding in his head just got worse. He closed his eyes and swallowed hard with a grimace. Oh god I'm going to be sick. He couldn't even remember what had happened before he woke up and he was getting seriously nauseous now. All he wanted to do was go back to that wonderfully peaceful, painless darkness of unconsciousness, but the fiery pounding in his head made that impossible. He moaned miserably. How could things get any worse?
"Are you awake little sssspider?"
Peter's head jerked up with a little gasp. Shit, he knew that voice. That was not a good voice. He glanced around trying to find the speaker. "Venom…? What-?"
"Ssssss…" The symbiote had somehow appeared in front of Peter from the darkness of the ceiling, startling the boy, and was currently holding a clawed finger to the brunet's lips. "We are ssssorry we had to be sssso rough. You did not make it easssssy," the alien said almost gently, moving it's hand to stroke a claw down the boy's cheek.
Peter barely suppressed a shiver at the things' touch. That's it. Venom must have knocked him out… but then why did it drag him down here?
"We did not mean to make you ssssleep sssso very, very long. We almosssst got tired of waiting," the symbiote smiled toothily as it continued and leaning forward. "But now you are awake and we can have fun!" The alien lean in even further and licked it's victim's cheek.
Peter jerked back as much as he could in the web-like restraints, grossed out. What the hell? Was this some sort of dream- no, nightmare? But then why did his head hurt so much? "Venom what are you doing?" the brunet demanded, his stomach twisting into knots, somehow already knowing he would not like the answer.
The symbiote stepped back and smugly crossed it's arms across the white spider symbol on it's chest, looking very pleased with itself. "We have decided," it said with a certainty Peter did not like to hear. "Ssssince you will not join with usssss, we will breeeeeed with you."
"Huh?" Peter blinked, confused for a second. Damn this headache was making it really hard to think. Then Venom's meaning hit the boy and his head jerked up. "Wait what?"
"We find you an acceptable hosssst for our sssspawn. We will breeed you," the symbiote repeated, matter-a-factly.
Peter gapped at Venom for a second. It took longer than usually for the brunet's mind to remember to pick his jaw up off the floor. "The hell you will!" the boy sputtered in outrage and a touch of panic. "Let me down from here NOW!" Peter yelled, yanking at his arms, trying to break the webbing. "I mean it! Let me down- ah! Nnngh..." The throbbing in his head spiked sharply making him want to curl up and just sob. He squeezed his eyes shut. Shit! It was like somebody had started banging on his skull with a steal hammer. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Venom

freeform: 
Alien Sex
Symbiote x Human
Tentacles
Anal
Loss of Virginity
Brief MPreg
Eggs
Biting
Choking
Kidnapping
Pain
Multiple Penetration
Forced Orgasm
hunger strike
Licking
Bonding
Evolving Relationship
Intense Emotions
Running Away
Illness
One-Sided Attraction
Shifting Power Dynamics
Rape/Non-con Elements
Oviposition
Oral
Urethral Penetraition
Denial
Masturbation
Captivity
Regret
Difficult Emotions
Escape
Near Death
Recovery
Protectiveness
lonely

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Venom

