Chapter 1: Tony
    




Chapter Text

Hello, Mr Stark.

Tony had had those words written along the inside of his left wrist since the moment he was born. It wasn’t something he had ever thought about, it was just a part of him. Just like his mother’s ‘What do you wa- Well hello there.’ and his father’s ‘Oh for heaven’s sake.’ He took it for granted, and never really thought too hard about what, exactly, it was or what it meant.
Then he started school, and he was surrounded by other kids who were fascinated by their soulmarks. Girls would sit in giggling groups secretly showing each other their wrists which were usually covered by the usual soft leather bracelets for people who hadn’t yet met their soulmate. Boys would brag that they knew exactly how they’d meet their soulmate. Teachers had to play constant interference with persistent kids who kept trying to steal each other’s bracelets, trying to sneak a peek at each other’s soulmarks.
That was when Tony realised that the words on his wrist were important, that they were how he would recognise the person who would be his equal and opposite in all things. He clung to the knowledge that there was someone out there who loved him, or would love him, when they finally met. As he became more and more aware of his father’s distance and his mother’s weariness, he held onto the meaning of his soulmark like a lifeline.
And then, when he was almost six, he woke up one morning with another set of words scrawled around his right wrist. Desperately confused, because he’d never heard of anyone having two soulmarks before, he went to his father because his father was the world’s best scientist and scientists were the people who asked questions and figured things out. Maybe his father could figure this out, too.

Excuse me, Mr Stark! I need to- I really need to speak with you-!

When he showed his father, however, all he got was a vaguely dismissive hand wave as his father went back to his work. “That’s normal.” He said absently.
Tony scowled up at him in slightly panicked, indignant confusion. “No it’s not! No one has two!” But Howard wasn’t listening anymore. Feeling horribly betrayed, and like it shouldn’t surprise him anymore even though it did, every time, Tony had kicked him in the shin and run to find his mother.
She, at least, had been more understanding. “Oh, sweetheart.” She’d sighed, with that tired, fond exasperation she always had whenever Tony complained about his dad. “Your father’s just bad at explaining things. It’s not normal for most people, but it is normal for Starks.” She told him, pulling him up onto her lap.
“What?” Tony questioned. “But Dad doesn’t have two.”
Maria flinched. Tony didn’t understand why, but he was distracted by her next words. “He used to. We- we both did.”
“Where did it go, then?” Tony wondered. Maria didn’t say anything for long enough that Tony started fidgeting. “Mom? If you had two soulmarks before, why do you only have one now?” He pressed. Then he saw the tears in his mother’s eyes. “What’s wrong? Mom? I’m sorry! I won’t ask again.” He babbled, not knowing exactly what he did wrong, but panicking all the same.
“No, no. It’s- it’s ok, sweetheart.” Maria assured him, smoothing a hand over his hair. “It’s just… sometimes soulmates die before you get to meet them, Tony. Sometimes, their words just disappear before you get a chance to hear them. That’s what happened to your father and me. We lost them before we met them and it-” Maria sighed. “Things have never been the same since.” She sighed, more to herself than the boy in her lap.
Tony was staring up at her in horror. “I don’t want mine to die before I meet them!” He cried. “Mom, I want to meet them now! That way I can make sure they’re safe! We could do that, right? Like Dad has all those guys watch me to make sure nothing happens, we could do that for them, too, right?!” He babbled.
Maria pulled him into a hug. “Oh, Tony, baby. It doesn’t work like that. You’re going to meet them when you meet them, and nothing’s going to change that. Not even all the wishing in the world.” She sighed.
The tantrum Tony threw that day was one of his worst, and he refused to speak to either of his parents for another week after that. Only Mr Jarvis was permitted to converse with Tony, and that was only because Mr Jarvis was being helpful. He told him there were clues hidden in every soulmark, that there were ways Tony could begin to look, if he wanted. He told him that if a person was born with their soulmark, it meant their soulmate had already been born. If it appeared later, that was the day their soulmate had been born.
Tony got in a lot of trouble with his father that evening for sneaking into the offices, hacking into government records and printing off the names and locations of everyone that had been born in the US over last night. Tony was furious that nobody but him and Mr Jarvis seemed to care that his soulmates were out there, somewhere, unprotected.
Over the next year, Tony drove 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Shapeshifter Loki
Genderfluid Loki
Lady Loki
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Sigils
Asgard's sexist culture
Smartarse family
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's son
Peter Parker is Loki's Son

fandom: 
Loki/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

