Chapter 1: Freedom is a sweet lie
    




Chapter Text
A little truth from a liar
Part 1, freedom is a sweet lie
Asgard and Jottenheim had been at war for as long as time. Prince Thor had been born into it, it was war that had raised him. And as soon as he was old enough to take up the mighty Mjolnir in his grasp he joined his men in battle. Raging into Jottenheim with his father’s troops, following his father’s march, hoping with every death to bring an end of the vile monsters of Jottenheim’s tyranny. As much as Thor took joy in fulfilling his duty to protect his home every second spent in the frigid climes of the frost giants wore against his soul. It seemed there was no pelt in all nine realms to keep out the chill of Jottenheim. It was because of this that when Thor did enter Jottenheim he was known for his brutality, he struck fast and hard hoping to leave just as quickly. There was little plan to his assaults, but then the golden prince was known as a man of deed and not of thought. It was on one of these raids that Thor and his group of most trusted warriors came upon a tower of ice. They had mapped the area some months ago but found no such landmark. For a moment they thought the blinding white of their surrounding had made them misstep, but every other tree and river told them that they were on the right path and it was the tower that was lost. 
“Perhaps King Laufey seeks to set eyes against us?” Fandral mused staring at the tower.
“And from where do these eyes stare? There is not a hole a mouse could name a window in all the tower.”Sif pointed out.
“His reasons matter not.” Thor declared. “This is some act against us, and we shall meet it. Whatever dwells within the tower shall fall.” He swore taking Mjolnir in his hand. They walked towards it cautiously but they were met with no defence. No arrow flew from the highest peeks, no clink of guards broke the silence as they drew in near. There was only peace. There was no door but Thor’s mighty hammer shattered the ice to create an entrance, strangely winding steps met them leading upwards. Sending a warning glance to his companions the prince of Asgard ascended the steps. They led to a room, this one with a door. A huge door of gold, oddly yellow against the blue and white of the ice tower. But even gold was nothing against the swing of Mjolnir. With one crack the door surrendered and they entered. 
The entire room was clothed in gold. The walls sparkled in the light they let in. There was little inside, only a bed and a small neat area to wash in. The bed was huge and took up most of the room, easily big enough for six grown men to stretch themselves across. The posts swirled up to the lofty ceiling and right into the iced roof, even the sheets were woven from gold. On the bed was a figure. On their entrance the figure sat up and looked at them. It was Jotun, but not like any that Thor had seen before. For one it was a good deal shorter than any frost giant should be. Perhaps just a little shorter than himself. Its skin was blue and cut with the markings of its birth and its eyes were red as blood, but that was where it’s relation to their enemy ended. There were no horns on its brow, instead a shock of raven black hair fell down to its shoulders, and it was clothed not in a loin cloth and armoured with ice but a dark green robe slung over it and opened enough down the front to show the flat chest of a male. Just under its eyes, draped over the bridge of its nose, it wore a golden veil. 
“Name yourself and your purpose!” Thor demanded, the creature just blinked at him, those piercing red eyes shining in all that gold. Angry, Thor crossed to it, noting for the first time that it was tied to the bed with a long golden chain, but the figure did not even flinch away from the Asgardian. Thor held its face hard in one hand, but it made no move to try and escape. “Speak, you vile creature.” Finally the creature sighed through its noise, a dramatic gesture, before tapping twice against its shielded lips with one elegant blue finger. Angry Thor ripped the veil off its face and then the entire party took in a deep breath. It was obvious that the creature had been beautiful at some time, its nose was so noble and straight, its cheek bones high and well cut, but now it looked twisted. Threads of gold looped over its lips sealing them shut, red blood crusted over them, turning black at the holes. Thor took a step back horrified. “By the Norns what has been done?” He breathed in unwanted sympathy for the creature. A look of mild amusement crossed its face and it moved to climb back under the covers of its bed, as if it expected the team to just leave. 
“What do you suppose this creature is?” Volstagg asked. “Never have I seen a Jotun of this ilk.”
“Tis a small and pretty thing.” Fandral agreed blandly.
“Perhaps this creature is kept for King Laufey’s pleasure?” Volstagg suggested.
“Its mouth bound shut to keep out the screams.” Fandral added with a pitying frown
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Loki Does What He Wants
Jötunn Loki
Alternate Universe - Thor Movies

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

