Work Text:
Steve Rogers is assigned the Avengers as his team on a Monday morning in February.  He flips through their dossiers, accepts that this team will be no different than the last, and goes to do his job.

*
When the military redrew the Disciplinary Guidelines Manual in the late 90s, there had been doubt as to whether the research showing that Special Ops groups would react better to the punishment of their leader than of the individual committing the action in question was accurate.  After the first few public whippings, however, the other team members forced to watch, it had proven itself so efficacious that nearly every government agency had adopted the practice for tight-knit, specially skilled teams.Years later, when the Serum-Enhanced Soldier (SES) program finally admitted defeat due to pervasive inability to control the subjects, almost all of those who had survived the experimentation were either terminated, or given the choice of becoming unit commanders to elite units.  Steve has never been able to explain why they even bothered presenting a choice, but he suspects they were simply loathe to completely waste the invested time and money if there was some, any use for the remaining products.In any event, Steve took the second choice.  To this day, he thinks it was probably the wrong one.

*
In their three years as a team, the Avengers have been assigned over ten team leaders.  None have lasted more than a few months, all have been reassigned to what are called level-one teams, or teams showing a predisposition to be low disciplinary concerns.  Steve is the first SES to be assigned to the Avengers, which is surprising, but the military commander in him suspects nobody has wanted to add another to a team of already superhuman players, regardless of his role.Steve is smart enough to wonder what changed their mind, and too much of a soldier to ask.  Instead, he packs his belongings and reports to Stark Tower, where he is greeted by absolutely nobody.  He can’t find it in himself to feel surprised.  They don’t want him here, he knows.  It’s almost better than welcoming him with fake smiles.  A voice from absolutely nowhere speaks up, “Captain Rogers, I believe.”“Yes…sir?”“I am JARVIS, I control precisely 98.2 percent of all the Tower’s functions.”Steve thinks back to the dossiers; Stark’s thick and as full of awards for technological advances as warnings about possible clinical narcissistic disorder.  He suspects the latter came from a cadre of well-meaning but severely frustrated psychological professionals.  The former, it seems, is just plain fact.  “Nice to meet you.”“Master Stark has…asked that I show you to your quarters.”Steve wonders if he’s imagining the wry undertone in the computer’s voice in his choice of verbs.  He says, honestly, “I appreciate it.”Ominously, JARVIS responds, “We shall see.”

*
Steve knows the room he’s led to was meant to be an insult.  In a tower that soars into the air, his quarters are on the sixth floor.  In a building lined with windows, his room has a scant two, floor to ceiling though they might be.  Steve smiles to himself, because the insult falls far short of the mark.Even when Steve’s mom was alive, he’d spent most of his childhood in and out of shelters, later group homes, and finally, barracks.  The quiet of the space, the full-sized bed and en-suite bathroom are probably the sweetest things he’s ever been given.  He’s not sure if it’s the right thing to do or not, but his mother raised him with manners, so he says, “Thank you, JARVIS.”There’s a moment before the computer says, “You are welcome, sir.”  And another before it says, “If you need any navigational aid, do feel free to speak up.”If Steve didn’t know better, he would think the computer was hesitant in offering its help, as though it might be punished for doing so.  In any case, Steve’s entirely certain he will need the help, so he says,  “Perfect, thank you.”Steve doesn’t have much.  It doesn’t pay to as a surviving SES.  Steve only knows of two others at this point, and one of them has stopped even bothering to buy clothes, just wearing his fatigues full time.  Steve, however, has never lost the need to have something to cling to, if none of his unit mates are going to be that something.  He doesn’t let himself think of the Howling Commandos, of active service and a time when discipline meant a kind 200 push-ups and a week of cleaning the barracks.  Mostly, Steve doesn’t let himself think.  It’s best.He folds his few shirts into a drawer, pants in another, undergarments in a third.  He places the few books and pictures he has on the desk.  After that, he lays down on the bed, sinking into its impossible comfort, and allows himself an hour or so of sleep before he has to meet his latest team.

*
The first meeting goes about as well as can be expected.  Stark refuses to even acknowledge Steve's presence except with snide comments at Fury about test tubes and science labs.  Steve isn't entirely cer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Whipping
Corporal Punishment
Caning
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
None
