Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Again?” Tony asked, dropping the precision groover with a dull thud as Pepper’s heels clicked across the floor of the Tower’s workshop in what he’d already determined to be her version of high-fashion annoyed stomping.
“I don’t know why you don’t just have your lawyer or, I don’t know, a former CIA wetworks team handle this.  This time it was, and I swear I am not making this up, a one-armed man who told me that, and I’m quoting, “If Stark wants Stevie to sign something so badly, the---uh, okay, well, I’m not quoting that part, but, basically, you---can drag his ass out of that monstrosity of his and come down here and say it to him in person,” and then slammed the door in my face,” Pepper replied, bristling at the memory. 
Tony winced, mouth flattening into a thin line.  “Ah.  You’ve met Barnes, then.  Still has the same charming personality, I see.”
“Your ex, or soon-to-be-ex or whatever he is, has quite the collection of…of…defenders to say the least,” Pepper agreed, slumping into a chair and tossing the folder of paperwork onto one of Tony’s workstations.  Tony stared at it for a long minute.  This stupid snafu should’ve been over and done with weeks ago.  Hell, this whole thing was supposed to have been over and done with years ago, he thought, rubbing the heel of his hand into his forehead. 
“Last time, it was a redhead yelling at me in Russian,” Pepper continued.  She leaned her head back in the chair, swiveling it a bit back and forth with the toes of her shoes as her fingers dug small circles into her temples.  “I don’t know what she said, but she definitely meant it.  And the time before that, some enormous body-builder with better hair than me telling me this “unworthy task was beneath me.”  Who are these people?” she demanded, throwing her hands up in the air in a gesture of exasperation.
“His friends,” Tony replied.  My friends, too, once, or he’d thought they were.  But that had been a lifetime ago.
“Look,” she began, waving off the question.  “I don’t know why these people are up in arms.  I mean, you both wanted the divorce, right?  You said your father paid him some kind of alimony settlement, so it isn’t like he can claim fraud or anything.  No court is going to let a filing error suddenly give him rights to anything you’ve built, Tony.  Why not just go down there yourself, talk to the guy, explain what happened and be done with this?”
“I don’t want to see him,” Tony said, looking away from her too-direct gaze.  I don’t want to see him.  I don’t want to talk to him.  I don’t want to think about him, and every time I think I might actually be able to do that, there’s a smell or a taste or something just out of the corner of his eye, and he’d end up thinking of that crappy closet of an apartment with the mattress on the floor, a thin, stringy towel tacked up over the window, and a toaster oven with a couple of burners on top making the world’s worst curry and rice, and it would hurt.  Hurt so damn much, because he’d been happy, for once in his miserable life.  Deluded and completely played, sure, but happy, and it was almost worth ignoring the first part for the latter.   Almost.  It shouldn’t still sting this much, but here it was again, years later and Steve Rogers was still fucking up his life.
“Okaaaaaay,” she said after a beat, drawing out the word.  “How is it you were married to this random guy, and I didn’t even know about it until now, anyway?”
“Howard kept it out of the papers,” Tony replied quickly.  “Got some judge friend of his to seal all the records.” One thing they’d ever agreed on, Tony thought dully.  Howard hadn’t wanted anyone to get wind of just how easy a mark his son was, and Tony hadn’t wanted anyone to know exactly how much of a naïve idiot he’d been.
“That wasn’t what I asked,” Pepper pointed out, but didn’t press, just let the question hang there, her expression going strangely soft.  Tony supposed he owed her something of an explanation, considering what she’d been dealing with on his behalf the past couple of weeks.
“It was a long time ago,” Tony finally settled on.  “I was doing my grad work at MIT.  He worked there.  Janitor,” Tony explained.  He hated how his voice sounded, strained and trying too hard not to be. “Cliché, right?” Tony asked around a huff of air.  He didn’t want to talk about this, particularly not this part, the part where everything had seemed so good, and there had been this amazing future in his head that for the first time in his life made him actually look forward to it. 
“Were you…was this about Howard?” Pepper asked carefully.
“Getting back at the old man with a little petty revenge fling?  No.  Good call, but no,” Tony admitted, sucking in a long breath and letting it out slowly before continuing.  He felt a phantom chill run through him, and remembered waking up groggy and cold, stomach churning and completely disoriented to find bright, blue eyes staring back at him in what had seemed like genuine concern 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - College/University
Divorce
Post-Divorce
Alternate Universe - Sweet Home Alabama Fusion
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Fanart
Post-Break Up
Breaking Up & Making Up
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Movie Fusion
Getting Back Together
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

