Chapter 1: The Great Gatsby
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Alright, alright, I promise this is the last one. Just hear me out.” Sam spread his arms wide, already grinning. “Movie nights.” Steve sighed in exasperation. “The last time we tried that, we ended up watching the same three movies over and over again.” Sam smirked. “No way. Which ones?” Steve gave Sam a helpless look. “The Captain America movie I was in for war propaganda,” Sam snorted gracelessly, “The Princess Bride, and Die Hard.” “Holy shit- does anyone know about this? Does the world know that the Avengers are all complete dorks?” Sam laughed, and Steve couldn’t help but quirk a tiny smile. “What’re we talking about?” Natasha asked as she breezed into Steve’s new apartment. Steve hadn’t given her a key, but he wasn’t anywhere near surprised that she had gotten in. Steve scowled, crossing his arms and sinking low into the couch. Sam glanced at him and collapsed into giggles. “Steve’s vintage ass is having some trouble,” he explained, grinning. Natasha arched an eyebrow at Steve. “Don’t listen to him,” he grumbled. “I thought you were adjusting nicely,” Natasha said, vaguely confused. “I helped with your stupid list and everything.” “History is one thing- history’s easy to learn,” Sam said, more serious. “Cap’s just feeling overwhelmed with pop culture.” “It’s been two years,” Natasha said, glaring at Steve. “How do you still know nothing about pop culture?” “I know some,” Steve said defensively, shooting Sam a dark look. Natasha scoffed. “You poor sweet summer child,” she muttered. “I’m going to fix this for you.” Steve looked slightly panicked. “Please don’t try another fucking movie night thing.” Sam laughed so hard that he fell off the couch while Natasha placed her hands on her hips, glowering. “I’m thinking something with more structure, actually.” “What’s that supposed to mean?” Steve asked warily. Natasha lifted a shoulder, inclining her chin defiantly. “Just trust me. I know a guy who knows a guy.” “We were talking about Steve’s uncultured ass,” Sam said, “not hiring a hit man.” Natasha rolled her eyes, but her lips twitched upwards for a second. “You have no faith, Wilson.” “Guilty,” Sam said. “So, how’s the new place feel, Steve?” Natasha asked, turning to him. Steve shrugged. “It’s fine.” “Brooklyn feel weird?” “A little.” (A lot.) “Good-weird?” Steve smiled hollowly. “It’s home.” Natasha managed to return the smile with the same amount of bitterness. “How’s wherever the fuck you’ve been?” Steve asked mildly. Natasha shrugged, her smile turning sharp. “It’s home.” “That just doesn’t make any sense,” Sam grumbled in the background. “Two fucking idiots trying to be clever and cryptic. I fucking swear...” Natasha and Steve pretended to ignore him. “I saw Clint on the news,” Steve told Natasha. “Budapest?” Natasha nodded. “Yeah. We’ve both got unfinished business there,” she said vaguely, and Steve didn’t ask. “You seen him since the fall of SHIELD?” Steve asked. Natasha frowned slightly. “No.” “That sucks.” “Eh, it’s okay. A little time and space never changes our dynamic too terribly.” She abruptly turned to Sam. “How are things at the Tower?” Sam lit up. “We have five star meals every day.” Steve huffed a small laugh, rolling his eyes. “I’m not even joking.” “I know. Steve and I have both lived there,” Natasha said, amused. Sam smiled and got to his feet, stretching. “As much as I’d love to stay and chat about how awesome my life has become, I have dinner plans with Thor.” Sam looked heavenward. “I swear, dude. When did this become my life?” “When Steve decided you were going to be the next victim of his asshole personality,” Natasha noted. Steve frowned. “Sam likes my asshole personality. And so do you.” Natasha rolled her eyes. “Whatever,” she muttered, which was basically a glowing affirmation in her book. Steve offered her a tiny smile, and she scowled at him, but her eyes were fond. “Well, I’m off,” Sam said. “You two have fun painting each other’s nails and gossiping about cute boys.” “We gossip about cute girls too,” Natasha said. Sam clapped Steve on the back and made finger guns at Natasha before he left. “Have you still not told Sam that you were trying to flirt with him the day you two met?” Natasha asked when he was gone. Steve wrinkled his nose. “No.” “You’re shit at flirting. I should teach you.” “No.” Natasha held up her hands. “Fine. Wanna watch a movie?” “Will I understand any of it?” “Maybe,” Natasha said. “I’ll explain as we go.” Natasha opened Steve’s laptop, logged into his Netflix account, and clicked on a movie, curling into his side like a cat. “Comfortable?” Steve asked dryly. Natasha smirked at him. “Could be better. Massage my feet, will you, Rogers?” “Ew.” Natasha snorted inelegantly and pointed at the screen, elbowing him. “Okay. This is important.” Steve understood like fifty percent of the movie. But that was really nothing new.  
  NAT: we r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Bucky
Bucky is a History Professor
Steve is still Captain America
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Literature
cinema
Steve's Therapists are a Bunch of Dead Authors
Steve is so Uncultured
Steve Has Issues
Bucky has issues
Healing Through Books and Movies
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Angst
Fluff
Happy Ending
Discussion of Past/Minor Character Death
Discussion of Suicidal Idealation
Drunk Steve is in Love With Thor
Clint Ships It
Violence
Injuries are Definitely Inaccurate
Glorified Movie Marathon and Chill

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

