Chapter 1: i need you (so much closer)
    




Chapter Text
 

I need you so much closer So come on, come on Transatlanticism - Death Cab for Cutie 

It'd become routine in the weeks and months that followed the defeat of Ultron. The take out containers on Steve's coffee table, the empty beers and some movie or show on the tv - either one from his list or something random that peaked either of their interest while browsing Netflix - and Natasha's legs parked comfortably in his lap as they watched. It felt normal somehow - like the past year hadn't done something weird to them in the space between their farewell in the cemetery and regrouping the Avengers.The team had disassembled and rearranged in the wake of Ultron. Steve and Natasha weren’t just teammates anymore, they were partners again - more than that, co-leaders. It wasn’t quite them against the world, but it was close somehow. They’d regained some of the closeness that had fallen to the wayside - they seemed less determined to hold each other at arm’s length. Steve knew a big part of it was the absence too of Bruce - it's the kind of thought that left him feeling a bit like an asshole. He knew what was different, they both did, even if they didn’t talk about it. He hated that she had gotten hurt, and he knew it was anything but fair, but it was easier to be in her space when he didn’t have to try to compartmentalize the jealousy he had felt at her growing closer to Banner.He was a bit lost in the thoughts, his forearms rested comfortably on her legs. They’d had a crazy couple of weeks with a mission and continuing to train the team, the downtime actually felt nice after all that. Though he was sure if it lasted more than few days he’d be itching to get back out there. He’d barely been paying attention to what they had put on and it was only when Natasha shifted a little that he pulled himself from his thoughts. Natasha raised a brow as the argument the couple on the movie that was playing turned into something else. She titled her bottle to her lips and took a drink. “Well, I didn’t need that reminder that it’s been forever and a day since I got laid,” she said dryly and huffed a small laugh.“Try never,” Steve muttered, still half distracted by his earlier thoughts, and then immediately stiffened as he realized he’d actually said it. He definitely hadn’t meant to say that.Natasha looked at him, brow perked in surprise. “Wait, what?” She asked as she sat up and folded her legs under her, turned to look at him. “Never never, or it’s been since 1945 and it might as well be never, never?”Steve shifted where he sat and fiddled with the label of the beer still in his hand. He debated telling Natasha to just drop it, something he knew she would do if he asked. Still though, he found himself shaking his head a little and glancing at her beside him. “Never never,” he answered and shrugged sheepishly. “So do with that what you will,” he added and huffed a short laugh.Natasha furrowed her brow a little as the revelation sunk in. She supposed it made sense in a way. Steve was Steve - he had a sense of morals that most couldn’t even fathom. Still though, she knew under all that was a man that wasn’t nearly as uptight and prudish as the world at large tended to think. She knew that while he might let a “language” slip in the middle of a fight he was still a little punk kid from Brooklyn who was more than capable of being a little shit when he wanted to be. “Why?” she asked after a minute. “I mean if you don’t mind me - asking - “ she amended. “Are you waiting?” It seemed like such a foreign concept to her, but Steve had been raised dramatically differently. Catholic and in a different time, she knew soldiers back then had been notorious for finding the comfort of a woman when they could but it was still not unheard of for men and women to wait until marriage.Steve shook his head a little. “No, not really,” he answered, and his tone betrayed that he really wasn’t even sure about it anymore. “Back when my Ma was still around I knew she’d kill me if I got a girl in trouble and the thought of disappointing her never seemed worth it,” he started to explain, “besides it wasn’t like the girls were exactly lining up for me back then,” he tacked on with a bit of a self deprecating smile.“Well, the girls back then were idiots,” Natasha chimed in and looked up at him. “You were adorable.” She offered him a smile when he looked at her like she was just placating him. “I’m serious, Steve, you were - and you were still you, they missed out.” She held his gaze for a moment before she glanced down at the bottle in her hands, a sudden warmth spreading across her cheeks. Too much, she chided herself, too honest. “So what about after? During the war?” she asked after she took another quick drink of her beer.Steve took a moment to regard the question. He leaned forward and put his bottle down. “Then I was waiting,” he admitted as he rested his forearms on his knees, hands clasped to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Porn with Feelings
Porn With Plot
Eventual Relationships
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
Steve and Natasha are idiots
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

