Work Text:
 Tony Stark is the most manic superhero on the planet, and Bucky Barnes is the idiot who let him have a go at his bionic arm. In his defence, Steve had said Tony was the best there is at basically everything except people, and Bucky had trusted Steve.In retrospect, trusting Steve has led to Bucky jumping into burning buildings so clearly that isn’t one of Bucky’s smarter decisions in life. Still. Bucky wants to stress that this is all one hundred percent, absolutely and forever, Steve’s fault. Steve’s the whole reason that Bucky’s arm is vibrating and Tony’s working away on removing it from the human being attached to it. Tony’s built a new arm and wants Bucky to try it on for size.  They’re currently inside the New Avengers Training Facility. In Tony’s personal lab, to be specific.  Tony only visits the facility over the weekend, but that’s enough time to warrant a private lab. He may not be an Avenger anymore — a fact that Bucky knows Steve hates — but that doesn’t stop him from throwing money at the Avengers Initiative. Steve didn’t have to tell Bucky that, any idiot could figure that part out, amnesiac or not.Bucky only came home — home being Steve— a few months ago, but that’s still twelve weekends of working with Tony in the lab. Twelve weeks of watching Tony build and build and build, and sometimes accept Natasha’s offer to come to movie nights. For the most part, Tony makes wondrous things for everyone on the team, and then hides away in his lab until it’s time for him to leave. Bucky may be new but he’s not unobservant.Tony Stark is a lonely man with a gigantic heart.Tony is a man who is used to people wanting to spend time with him for his money, but not just to spend time with him. It’s obvious in the surprise that he’d quickly masked on his face the first time Natasha had asked him to come up for movie night. Bucky knows how that feels. He was equally surprised the first time that the Avengers had invited him too. That had been the first step from being just Steve’s boyfriend to becoming their friend.  And it’s the memory of that shared feeling that makes it so easy for Bucky to open up. It’s why Tony knows about the first time Bucky kissed Steve — ironically in a closet while hiding from Rikki and his cousins. It’s why Tony’s the only one who knows that Bucky remembers teaching a little red-headed girl by the name of Natalia. He doesn’t know why, but after a while, Tony opens up, too. When Bucky had told him about his mother, Tony had told him about his butler, Edwin Jarvis. When that had triggered the memory of a car wreck and Howard and Maria, it was Tony who’d laid Bucky in his lap and ran fingers through his hair until he stopped sobbing and apologising.The point being: Tony.Tony is a maniac, and Bucky doesn’t actually regret asking for help with the damaged arm, except for the fact that Bucky knows Tony loses sleep working on ideas for it. He’d feel worse if it weren’t for the fact that if Tony weren’t working on the arm, he’d be designing new wings for Sam or weapons for Natasha. Tony’s method of showing that he cares is by designing new things to keep them safe. And despite his eccentricities, the truth of the matter is that Bucky is glad to call Tony his friend.“Are you staying the night? The snow’s coming down pretty hard,” Bucky says. It’s Christmas Eve; Bucky and Steve had been hoping for snow. They’d even considered calling Thor back to make some weather magic. Well, Natasha had — Steve had shot down the idea despite the look on his face suggesting he’d been considering the same thing. It’s Vision’s first Christmas, and they want it to be perfect. They’d invited Tony to stay, but he’d declined. Steve had still put presents labelled ‘Tony’ under the tree.Steve’s optimistic, and Bucky doesn’t like to deny him things. Even the little things.“No, I’ve got the suit, I can leave the car and fly back,” Tony replies. He doesn’t say home. He hasn’t called the Tower home since the amicable if highly-publicized break-up with Pepper, who’s been running Stark Industries from Miami for the last three months.“Or you could stay. That invitation is still valid. It’s Christmas, Tony. You should be here, with us.”“I’m an atheist and Christmas was never a big thing in the Stark house. Here we go,” Tony says, finally pulling the arm out of the socket. “Jesus, that’s heavy. Alright let’s dump this Neolithic piece of crap in the garbage and never speak of it again.”Automatically, Bucky looks at what’s left of his arm. He rolls his shoulders and it pops multiple times. He’s not sure how to react to this. According to his records, Hydra has removed the arm from repair multiple times. Bucky doesn’t remember the exact events, but he remembers the pain. Tony had made sure to use an anaesthetic first. Unfortunately thanks to Hydra’s version of super serum, the anaesthetic was already wearing off.“Oh that’s gross, do you have to do that?” Tony asks with a grimace. Bucky replies by cracking his spine. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
established stucky
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Snow Angels
Domestic Avengers
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Christmas Fluff
too many Star Wars references
An alarming lack of plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

