Work Text:
There is always a sense of nervous awe and faint incredulity whenever the Avengers hold a press conference for something other than Saving the World. Unlike Stark, who has to hold a conference every other month for one thing or another, the press don’t get much face-to-face time with the other Avengers. Thor is usually AWOL, Hawkeye suspiciously absent and Black Widow too intimidating to approach. No-one bothers Banner. Falcon, at least, is all gentlemanly grace, and willingly stops for selfies and high fives, but remains just as tight-lipped as his teammates. Iron Man talks too much. And the Captain, well – Amy flashes her press badge at the door and follows the sidling crowd into the presentation room, where people are settling into purposefully uncomfortable fold-out chairs in front of the long raised podium. It’s a bright, long room, and the Avengers are a shock of colour at the end of it, all bold blacks, blues, and reds, and they’re not even in uniform. Everyone is showing various degrees of amusement or boredom, given the reason for the conference. Widow and Hawkeye are huddled at the end of the table rapidly tapping away at their phones. Thor appears to have recognised one of the reporters from the front room and is bellowing away at him, shaking his hand so hard Amy wonders if it is going to fall off. “—the time with the Half-Elf!” He is yelling, gesturing to the man, who is turning rapidly red. Falcon is nodding complacently, but also looks ready to jump in and perform emergency CPR at any moment, which seems to be his usual state in these situations. Iron Man, the little shit, is handing out cake at the side of the room. It’s shaped like the American flag. And that’s the real reason they’re all here, gathered today. Captain America himself, in a slim-fitting blue button-up that does him wonders, is standing by the podium looking as though the assembled reporters were a firing squad, and he’s the last damn rebel to go down in the flames of glory. Or, whatever, Amy isn’t projecting. That shirt is really tight. Someone clears their throat quietly. It might have been Widow, but Amy isn’t sure. Regardless, the general murmuring (and in Thor’s case, bellowing) dies down pretty quickly, and someone wheels out a projector, photos at the ready. “I’m sure you’re all wondering why we’ve brought you here, today,” Stark announces seriously. “Tony, shut up,” Captain Goddamn America hisses, and steps up to the podium, “they know why they’re here.” We sure do, Amy thinks, flipping open her writing pad and setting her phone to record. The projector flicks to the first image. And there, in beautiful technicolour, is a photo of the Winter Soldier punching an unfortunate businessman in the dick.  
   Rewind. “Wow, Hydra staging a full-blown offensive assault on the CBD,” Natasha remarks drolly at the front of the jet, where she’s leaning over the driver’s seat, “not their most graceful effort.” “If you hold on really tight I can write DESPERATE in the sky,” Clint offers. “Absolutely do not do that,” Bruce calls from the back, head between his knees. The funny thing is, Natasha isn’t wrong. Steve tries not to get his hopes up too much, but such a public, disorganised mess of a move is – civilians in danger or no – a good sign for them. Cut off one head and another grows back, maybe. But they’ve been charring head stumps wherever they go, and it looks like the burns are starting to show. Bruce isn’t even with them to hulk out, just to be on hand in case the Hydra goons break out something unexpected and also to keep James company while they wait for the other Avengers to finish Cleaning House. Or in Thor’s case – violently Rearranging and Redecorating House. Speaking of. Steve finishes suiting up and turns to smile at his shadow, slouched behind the bulkhead in a significant Sulk, as much as bulging muscles, leather and Kevlar can sulk. “Oh, come on,” he prods, “this time isn’t even bad. No aliens, robots, or weapons of mass destruction anywhere in sight.” The Sulk continues. “Yeah, come on, Barnes,” Tony offers from the side, Iron Man helmet off and phone clicking away between his giant metal gauntlets, “punching Nazis in the face is like a stroll in the park for Steve. If the park was in war-torn Germany. And full of Nazis.” “I can punch people,” James protests hotly, words still curling rough around unfamiliar English, “I’m pretty good at it.” “The best,” Natasha affirms, in a rare show of comradery. “From experience I can certainly say you hold claim to a mighty swing,” Thor agrees. “You can have me under the scope,” Steve says gently, even as the jet prepares to land and James curls to his feet, crowding into Steve’s space. He ignores Steve’s automatic flush, looming hot and heavy against him as if his weight alone will keep Steve away from the landing pad. “I won’t go anywhere you can’t see me.” “With your sniper rifle,” Tony agrees genially, “your deadly, deadly sniper rifle.” James smiles at him, mak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Fluff and Crack
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
courting
Press and Tabloids
the winter soldier wooes steve rogers
how steve rogers lost the cold war
(the cold war is his virginity)
Possessive Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

