Chapter 1: Every Inch of My Tar-Black Soul
    




Chapter Text
Mid-September, and the night was dry and cold. Freezing, actually, but that had the happy benefit of numbing Tony’s split lip, slowing the steady drip of blood to a sluggish ooze. The deep bruising on his arms and ribs wasn’t so serendipitously affected, but it was pain he could ignore. The tight knot in his stomach - panic; betrayal; cold, dead fear - was a much bigger problem.Tony sauntered confidently as he could up to the main entrance of a tastefully upper-class apartment building. It tried to blend into the neighborhood’s run-down background, but no amount of somber brickwork or plain wrought-iron filigree could hide the fact that the building was practically dripping with ill-begotten money, a nexus of power and wealth just outside of the law. The tell-tale sidearm bulges under the doorman’s uniform were additional, more obvious clues. Tony flashed the guard a winning, somewhat blood-stained smile and waltzed over to the resident call-box. He wasn’t bothered - it wasn’t the first time a place like this had seen a beat-to-hell socialite, and it certainly wouldn’t be the last.He pushed the button next to the “Rogers, S.” nameplate and waited. The doorman continued to glower, and Tony continued to radiate charm and good-will right back at him.Faint static and a sleep-rough voice diverted Tony’s attention back to the intercom. “Rogers. Who is this and whaddya want?”“Rogers, darling!” Tony forced as much carefree delight into his voice as he could, though it ended up sounding quite a bit more like panic. “It’s Stark- Tony Stark, of course, because we both know dear Gregory would never deign to consort with, ah, independent entrepreneurs like yourself. I’m in a spot of trouble and was wondering if you might find it in your heart to hear me out?” Was he babbling? He was babbling.The intercom stayed quiet for a long moment, which didn’t do much for Tony’s mood. When Rogers did finally respond, he sounded much more awake but not much happier. “Not something you can talk about in public, then?”“Not as such, no.”A deep sigh, like the concession was physically painful. “Fine, I’m on floor 26. This had better be good.” The intercom cut off.Tony was well aware that Rogers was being as polite as he could manage, but the terse invitation - and extremely thorough pat-down from the doorman - didn’t exactly help endear him. The interior of the elevator was all mirrored panels, and Tony took the opportunity to straighten himself up. He’d started the day dressed impeccably as ever - designer suit, silk tie, loafers polished to a shine - but it turned out getting assaulted by hired thugs and chased out of ones own home on threat of death resulted in some wear and tear. He’d lost his jacket in the scuffle, which had made the hike over uncomfortable, and the defensive bruising on his forearms was starting to turn purple, but the swollen split lip was thankfully the only place they’d drawn blood. Even after he pulled his sleeves down, it was more weakness than he felt comfortable showing in front of someone like Captain Steve Rogers, but he didn’t have much choice. Maybe Rogers would take pity on him if he looked like something the cat dragged in out of the cold. Or maybe Rogers would take one look at him and kick him back to the curb - Rogers did love his charity cases, but Tony wasn’t exactly an underprivileged inner city kid.The elevator dinged quietly and slid open, revealing a minimalistic entrance foyer done in soft woods and warm colors. Classic Rogers, no taste for modernity- but now wasn’t the time to critique interior design. Tony knocked on the front door of the penthouse, which opened almost as soon as he touched it.“Stark.”“Cap’n.”Rogers did not look especially happy- but then, he rarely did. The handsome lines of his face and jaw seemed permanently set in a scowl, and his faintly crooked nose gave him a thuggish air. A pity, Tony considered, because the man had some seriously impressive physique, which was fortuitously on display. Apparently meeting Tony rated pants and double chest holsters, but not a shirt, which was fine by him.“So what’s your problem?” Rogers took in the black eye, the split lip, the way Tony curled ever so slightly around his ribs, with a soldier’s keen appraisal. “Sleep with someone’s wife again?”Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes; Rogers’ distaste for his playboy lifestyle was well-known, which was part of the reason he’d come to him for help. No one would ever expect a respectable up-and-coming mafioso like Steve Rogers to spare a second thought for some rich, eccentric debutante like Tony Stark. “Please, I’m much more discreet than that.”He waited for a retort, some of their semi-normal banter, but Rogers just stayed irritable and silent, possibly because it was 3 in the morning but also possibly because Rogers had no joy in his soul. Fine, he wanted to cut to the chase? Tony could do that.“We should get married."Tony
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mildly Dubious Consent
Marriage of Convenience
Serious Injuries
Porn With Plot
Mafia AU
Gift Fic
Work In Progress
Torture
Murder
Mild Gore
Terminal Illnesses
Drug Use

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

