Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Sir, Captain Rogers is requesting entry,” JARVIS informed the engineer in a monotone, automatically lowering the volume of the classic rock music blasting through the amplified speakers. Tony sighed once, still staring hard at his StarkTablet as he finalized the specifics on his latest project.“I thought I said no interruptions,” he reminded the AI, ignoring the holes burning in the back of his head. He kept his back turned to the entrance in an effort to discourage visitors. Most of the team cooperated with his tendency to seek isolation, but a certain super soldier and a redheaded master assassin seemed determined to include him.“I’m afraid he’s insisting. He’s threatened to break through the doors if not permitted to enter,” JARVIS replied dryly. With a scowl, Tony closed the numerous holographic files displayed around him, and turned the music off completely. After marathoning AC/DC for a few days, the absence of sound left a dull ringing in his ears. He pinched the bridge of his nose, squinting against the slight pressure in his skull.“Fine. Let him in,” Tony surrendered, spinning around in his office chair. The glass doors slid open with a low gust of air, and the Captain strode in leisurely, his bright blue eyes fixed directly on the engineer. Tony tried not to register the unwelcome flutter his heart gave at the very sight of Captain Steve Rogers. It began a few weeks ago, and he hadn’t acted on it, just tried to avoid him and stay down in the lab. But either Steve or Natasha always sought him out.“Natasha made breakfast. We’re waiting for you,” Steve told him by way of greeting, and Tony discreetly marveled at him. His blond hair was slightly ruffled from sleep, and he wore a soft-looking gray t-shirt and sweatpants that hung low on his hips. Tony idly wondered how the Captain managed to look so good after he had obviously just woken up. He dismissed those thoughts, as they were completely ridiculous, and obviously would not be welcome.“Busy,” Tony managed shortly, and swiveled back around to continue working, or to have something to do with his hands. All he wanted was to run his fingers through the Captain’s hair, which he imagined was very soft. He heard Steve exhale.“Come on. How long have you been down here? Did you even go to bed?” the soldier pressed, and Tony’s lips twitched. It took all of his self-restraint not to make some crack about bed and all the things beds were good for besides sleep. Before, he used to always throw sexual innuendos at the Captain, mainly because it was too easy making him blush. But when he realized that he might be a little serious about some of his suggestions, he toned it back a bit.“I’m working, Captain. Either say something interesting or get out.” He kept his eyes trained on a screwdriver on the table, trying not to look at Steve. It occurred to him that he wasn’t being very nice, but Steve’s constant monitoring of his sleeping and eating patterns-or lack thereof- was grating on his nerves. Maybe because he knew that the only reason Steve nagged was to ensure that he wasn’t a danger to the team. Was it really so bad that Tony just wanted someone to care about him, with no other agendas?“When’s the last time you ate, Tony? When’s the last time you saw the sun?” The Captain fired off, pulling Tony from his bitter thoughts. Why couldn’t Steve just leave him alone? The engineer stood, turned, and forced a smile that really turned out to be more of a grimace.“I had a delicious red starburst not two minutes ago,” Tony drawled, nodding his head at the half-empty bag of starbursts on his desk, “and you’re my sunshine, Cap.” Steve blinked, and Tony was amused to find blush rising on those perfectly sculpted cheekbones.“Excuse me?” Steve asked stupidly, and Tony laughed, preparing to deflect attention off of what he had just said. It wasn’t that infrequent of an occurrence that Tony’s mouth worked faster than his brain, and the repercussions tended to be less than desirable. Like the time with Pepper where he unthinkingly revealed his aversion to water, resulting in a steady stream of questions that ceased only when he told her about what had happened in Afghanistan.She had wisely dropped the subject, but he still hated the pity in her eyes when she looked at him after that. He supposed that this wasn’t as bad as that particular instance, but the endearment could perhaps tip Steve off that Tony’s interest in him was more than friendly, and that could never happen.
Fortunately, when his brain caught up, he was generally able to redirect attention off of what he’d said with a witty remark, inappropriate joke, or, more often than not, an insult. The latter seemed most apt for serving his purpose in this particular situation.“Yes, you’re a burning pain in the ass and hard to look at,” he replied, less than a second having passed for all those thoughts to have raced through his brilliant mind. Both a blessing and a curse. He felt Steve inspect h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts
Rhodey/OC
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Past Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Justin Hammer
Loki/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Bottom Tony Stark
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Obadiah Stane - Freeform
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Clint Is a Good Bro
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Thor Is a Good Bro
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Everyone is a good bro
Natasha is way too invested
Slow Build
Violence
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Whipping
Torture
Past Brainwashing
Past Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Obadiah was a little shit
Plot Twists
Romance
More angst
Did I Mention Angst?
Getting Together
Friends to Lovers
Dorks in Love
tony is an idiot
they're all idiots
Recovery
too much angst
too many tags
Loki Needs a Hug
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Winter Soldier happened

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts
Rhodey/OC
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Past Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Justin Hammer
Loki/Wanda Maximoff

