Work Text:
As the team (minus Tony naturally) sat down for their debriefing at S.H.I.E.L.D. after another surprise visit from Loki, Steve eyed Fury as the director paced back and forth before deciding to address the team. If anyone else thought this behavior was strange, no one said anything.
“It appears that we have come across a problem concerning Tony Stark.”
Steve sat back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. Clint snorted.
“How do you mean, sir?”
Fury looked over at Steve and then the rest of the team.
“He came back to town several hours before Loki returned. I can only assume this is why it did not seem to bother you that he was not present for the battle.”
The rest of the team exchanged uncomfortable glances.
Clint spoke up. “Has he been compromised?”
At this Fury grinned slightly. “In a manner of speaking, yes. Unfortunately, cognitive recalibration is not going to fix this problem.” He gave Natasha a pointed look. She arched an eyebrow and gave a slight shrug.
“So how bad is it?”
Fury cleared his throat, and Steve suspected it was to cover a chuckle. “Let’s just say that he’s yours to deal with and it’s hard to say when this will be reversed. Until such a time, Iron Man is on the bench...for obvious reasons.”
The team waited in silence and Fury opened the door for Maria Hill to enter. She was holding the hand of a child. A small child with shaggy brown hair and a look of utter boredom. He couldn’t have been more than five.
Clint’s eyes widened rather comically. “Please don’t tell me that’s Tony. Holy shit.”
The child gave Clint a glare that erased all doubt that they were looking at Tony Stark. Fury looked down at Tony for a moment. “Our best guess is that Loki got to him before he even attacked the city. He seems to have no actual memory of his time as an adult, so he will not recognize any of you.”
Well this was not good. Steve frowned. “What makes you think he’d want to go with us?”
Tony turned his wide eyes toward Steve and his face lit up. “You’re Captain America.”
The soldier couldn’t help but smile at this because Tony did look genuinely excited. “Yeah.”
The smile fell from the child’s face and he tilted his head thoughtfully. “My dad keeps saying that you’re dead, but maybe if I tell him I found you he’ll be proud.”
Steve quickly inhaled and glanced over at Clint and Natasha. They were staring at Tony, and for once, appeared to be completely clueless as to what they should be doing. So he looked back over at Tony and gave him a quick smile. Tony looked as if he were analyzing Steve and walked toward him.
“My dad talks about you all the time. He thinks you’re the best. And he always goes on these trips to try and find you.”
The soldier smiled nervously. How do you tell a small child that his parents are dead? He was going to ask for them sooner or later. “Is that so?”
Tony nodded and moved even closer to Steve. “I think you’re cool. I have my very own Captain America costume and Jarvis lets me wear it whenever I want to. I told my dad that I wanted to be just like you and he told me that’d be impossible.”
“I uh...”
Tony just continued to talk. Apparently this was something he has always enjoyed doing. “He said that you have a special serum that made you strong and that it can’t be made again, but I think he is mean and he doesn’t listen to me anyway. I told him I could be like you anyway and he said that would never happen.”
Steve huffed, his forehead wrinkling. Tony seemed to misunderstand this because his face shut down, and how did he already know how to do that?
“Is my dad right?”
Steve shook his head. “No, Tony. He’s not, but you should be Tony because you’re good at being Tony.”
Tony shrugged a little. “My mom tells me I’m just like my dad. It’s ‘cause I’m smart.”
The blonde did laugh at this and reached out to ruffle Tony’s hair without even thinking about it. “Yes, I know. You’re very smart.”
The boy beamed at Steve. “Maybe I can show you what I made. I make a lot of things.”
Steve rested his arm against his legs and leaned forward so he was closer to Tony’s eye level. “I’d love that. I bet you make amazing things.”
“They’re not very good. Not yet. My dad said they’ll be good one of these days if I keep trying, but what if they’re not?”
“I’m sure they’re just swell, Tony.” He sat up as he remembered the rest of the team was in the room still and they were all watching Tony and Steve intently. “So, who wants to go home?”
Tony was suddenly looking down at his shoes, fidgeting nervously. “Can I come? Can you take me with you? I think my dad will want to see you anyway.”
Steve searched his brain for what to say. “Of course you can come, but...well, we can’t take you to your parents. We’re going to Stark Tower though. Do you want to see it?”
“Stark Tower? Did my dad make a tower too?”
Clint cleared his throat. “No, your dad did not make it. Someone he knows did, and he let all of us live there. It’s really tall, buddy. You’ll love it.”
Tony looked from Clint to Steve for verif
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Written for SteveTonyFest on tumblr
De-aged tony
He's a cute kid
Sorry this sucks!
Some angst
Some feels
Some Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

