Work Text:
When the invasion started, Betty was in Bethesda. She was actually in a clean lab at a local biotech firm she was consulting with, working with virus samples, when someone knocked on the glass partition and made the universal sign for "get the hell out here right now."In the fifteen minutes it took her to go through decontamination, she caught only glimpses of a television, everyone in the lab crowded around it. She could see the skyline of Manhattan and smoke in the air, and sudden fear rose up in her. She'd been twenty-three when the Twin Towers fell, well old enough to witness not just the act but the fallout from it. She could remember, dimly, a time when you could wear your shoes through airport security. When she emerged, however, she found it wasn't terrorists. The was something in the sky.She watched with the others, uncertain and afraid, for about five minutes. Then she saw Iron Man's repulsors leaving a trail of afterimage on the television cameras, and below him, a blur of green. She backed quietly out of the room, left without telling anyone, and went to her car. ***The drive to Manhattan was startlingly easy. Nobody was going towards the city; the roads out of it grew more and more crowded the further she went. Towards the end, as she passed Staten Island, people had actually begun to pull onto the northbound side of the freeway and were driving south on it, a few being chased by police cars. She stayed alert, turning down the radio still giving reports of the devastation, and by the time she hit Newark both the north and southbound sides were empty. She met her first obstacle on the Newark Bay Bridge, where there was a military checkpoint. Her lab identification and her military dependent's card got her across the bridge, and through two more checkpoints in Jersey City. At the entrance to the Holland Tunnel, they made her pull off the road and get out of her car. She worried, for a moment, that she'd come as far as she could, but when she'd climbed out and presented her identification to the young soldier who stopped her, he nodded."No civilian cars from here in. Pretty near everywhere's blocked somehow," he said. "You'll have to go in with the next troop transport.""When's that?" she asked, as close to panicking as she'd come. Bruce was there on the other side of the water, somewhere, probably alone and confused -- or worse, Hulk was there, angry and lost and in need of someone to calm him. "About fifteen minutes. Talk to the sergeant over there, he'll get you on the truck. You got any bags you need to bring in? We'll have to search 'em.""Just my purse," she said, and he dutifully sorted through makeup and wallet and tissues and keys and the rest of the junk in the bottom of her purse, then handed it back with a nod."On the other side, the chain of command switches," he said. "SHIELD's in charge."She sucked in a breath. "SHIELD.""Strategic Homeland -- ""I know what it is. Why SHIELD?"He shook his head. "Sorry, doctor, that's above my pay grade."***Going in, riding in the open back of a transport truck carrying her, two other doctors, and fifteen soldiers, they passed two transports full of survivors coming out. Wrapped in identical green emergency blankets, there was little else they could be."How many people are left in the city?" she asked the private sitting next to her."Don't know. Middle of the workday, middle of the city, reckon a few million," he said. "Power's out to most of the island. Water's not drinkable," he added, kicking one of the crates of bottled water that was going with them. "Brooklyn Bridge is closed. Tunnels are under military checkpoint. Downtown's pretty thrashed, so I heard." "If I wanted to find someone...""You got family in the city?" he asked, face creasing with concern."A friend.""Well, they got signboards up and they're processing everyone they can through Central Park. Hang a sign, check the survivor rosters, never know your luck."She nodded."Doctor," he said, leaning in. "They're saying Iron Man brought a team in. The Avengers, calling them. Weren't many fatalities.""Seriously?""The cops moved in and people got underground pretty quick. New York's Fucking Finest, they've earned the name. Cops and Fire did awesome, guess 9/11 paid off. Look, my patrol's got orders to sweep the tunnels. What's your friend's name?"Betty swallowed. "Bruce. Bruce Banner. Tell him Betty Ross is looking for him. I guess...I guess I'll be at Central Park.""Betty Ross, looking for Bruce Banner," he repeated. "I'll pass the word.""Thank you," she replied, and they rode on in darkness and silence. ***They unloaded at Washington Square Park, the soldiers mustering into neat lines next to a few makeshift tents where more survivors were gathering. A smaller transport took her and the other two doctors north through a ghostly but undamaged city, at least until they hit 38th Street. Then wreckage began to appear, dead bodies of horrific aliens, rubble in the streets, overturned cars
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Film
Disasters
Reunions
Happy Ending
mention of 9/11

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

