Work Text:
"I told you this was a foolish idea!" Loki grunted as he ducked the swiping paws of… whatever manner of beast this was. Something large, and predatory, and apparently extremely territorial, given the way it had attacked them the minute Volstagg had leaned against a particular tree stump covered in claw marks."You always say that!" laughed Fandral, leaping over another fallen tree to try and get behind the creature."Because it's always true!" There was a wailing, undulating cry, and then an entire pack of the creatures came and joined the battle. "You see?!"Thor only laughed and swung his axe, catching one creature across the jaw but only managing to stun it for a moment; before he could finish it off, another of the beasts leaped over its back to topple Thor to the ground. Thor, the great oaf, only laughed harder. Of course."Thor, we may have a problem," called Sif, putting her back to Volstagg and slicing her blade through the air so fast it sang. As hard as she swung, the weapon only managed to wound the beast attacking her, a long shallow cut along one shoulder. A moment later, that creature ducked back and another took its spot, moving even faster than Sif could follow. "There are too many of them!""You sound like Loki," Thor called, rolling one dead beast off of him only to be bowled over by another."Maybe that's because Loki is actually paying attention," she grunted, but Thor didn't hear her. Louder, she called, "Look how they move. They're smart!""Aye," cried Volstagg, "they fight nearly as well as men!" Then he cried out again as his arm was bloodied, switching his weapon to his good hand to continue the fight."And yet no man fights as well as we!" said Thor."Even we can lose sometimes," said Loki. He flung a dagger into the eye of the creature currently bounding off a boulder toward Thor's unprotected back; the beast screamed and fell dead, but its momentum carried it into Thor and made him stagger anyway."You whine like a woman!" said Thor, and Loki growled and spun away from him."Watch your tongue," said Sif. The beast she was fighting fell dead also, but its death cry seemed to be a summons for even more of its fellows to come and join the attack. They were surrounded now by over a dozen large, angry, intelligent predators, had only managed to take down three of them, and were growing tired quickly."Fandral, come take my right—Fandral?" At the sound of Volstagg's voice, Loki looked around and saw Fandral collapsed face down at the side of a boulder, with two of the animals working together to try and drag him off. Loki's eyes grew wide, and with a bolt of magic, he blasted them both off of his friend, sending them tumbling.Sif grunted and staggered into him, nearly knocking them both down. He turned to glare at her and saw her face pale, and blood streaming from a blow to the side of her head."Thor, get over here now!""I'm a little busy—""So are we, don't be an idiot!" When there was no answer, Loki spun around and got two more daggers off at the beast Thor was engaged with; one missed, and the other didn't wound the animal very badly, but it still gave Hogun room to grab Thor by the collar and start hauling him backward so that they were all grouped together instead of scattered across the clearing."What do you think you're—""I'm getting us out of here, now shut up!" He hated this spell; hated using it, hated the aftereffects, and especially…There was a lurch, and darkness, as Loki gathered the threads of seidr, wrapped them around his friends, and yanked.The world spun out of control, but Loki held, held, held, found a place that said safe, and let go the threads, tumbling them all out onto the grass."Loki! Why did you do that?""Ugh, my head, I swear you do that on purpose—""Bah, to run away from a handful of dumb beasts, what sort of—"…especially hated the reaction it got from the overbearing, bloodthirsty, thoughtless imbeciles he was unfortunate enough to call friends.Ordinarily, Loki would grit his teeth and just tolerate their supposedly good-natured teasing, but not today."Shut. Up."They were all so shocked—those who were still conscious, anyway—that they actually did."That handful of dumb beasts, as you put it, Volstagg, was actually over a dozen highly intelligent predators, who were continually calling more of their kind to their aid. You said yourself they fought like men. We were unprepared for battle and they ambushed us—""We would have been fine," Volstagg started to bluster, with Thor nodding emphatically, but Loki sliced a hand through the air and they both went quiet again."Volstagg. You're bleeding. Sif is barely conscious. Fandral isn't conscious, and they were dragging him off somewhere to store up a tree so they could eat him later! Thor thought it would be a greater challenge and more fun to come here without Mjolnir. We were outnumbered and outfought, and nearly died, but if you want to stand there and yammer like, like bickering fishwives because I've once aga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Prompt Fill
Community: norsekink
Proving I really can still write one-shots

fandom: 
None
