Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki’s skin crawled as he led Thor, Sif and the Warriors Three toward the city. It was not unlike Asgard, truly, if one were to look at things objectively, but it had more silvers than gold. Perhaps it was the similarities of the two races, rather than their differences, that had led to their many conflicts over the years. A guard, a woman of course, met their party at the outskirts of the city. She had dark hair cut short around her shoulders and an expression that showed her displeasure at their mere presence in this place. They did not belong.“We know of your reasons for being here, Aesir. Do not think you will simply be able to demand what you want and receive it. Your power means little here. Here, you must trade for what you seek.”Loki bowed to the woman, showing her the respect her position earned her, in this society. None of the others in his group bothered to do so. Loki doubted they even bothered to learn the customs of a society that had long been thought their enemy.“We would expect no different,” he spoke soothingly. “Nothing, after all, is nothing and nothing is for free. Is that not the edict of the Angels?”She did not smile, but her eyes shone with approval.“Angela is awaiting you at the training grounds. You seek to barter for her property so it is to her whom you must give your fancy words, Silver Tongue.”“Lead on then,” Frandal spoke before Loki had the chance to reply. “We haven’t the time to waste.”Loki wanted to sigh as the guard sent Frandal a glare. Just once, he wished he could travel without his oafish brother and the Idiots Four messing things up with their boarish, repulsive behavior. But that wasn’t a possibility anymore, not since Thor had destroyed the Bifrost to thwart Loki’s attack on Jotunheim. The All-Father had deemed it a fit punishment for Loki to be responsible for its repairs. He was one of the only magic users powerful enough for the job, but he was also the only one who could travel between realms. They would need many things from other realms for their mission to be successful. This was just the first piece of the puzzle. Without this, there would be no point in the rest.They trudged through the city, passersby staring after them in fascination, fear, or contempt. The women largely outnumbered the men, as was the way of the Angels. Most of the men they passed were dressed in flowing, decorative garments that seemed to boggle the minds of Loki’s companions. If they could even be called that. Loki imagined they could hardly fathom a society where the women were the providers and the warriors while the men tended to their mistresses with utter devotion. Things were certainly not thus on Asgard.“Look, Loki,” Volstagg chuckled, and Loki knew instantly that whatever words came next would not be anything he liked, “it seems like we’ve finally found somewhere that suits you.”He gestured to a man sauntering by with a low slung wrap around his hips and a gossamer tunic that left little to the imagination. His lips were shiny with gloss and his eyelids painted with color as he winked at their escort. Loki scowled. He had dressed as a woman once in order to save them all from what was sure to be a painful death, but his ‘friends’ never seemed able to forget it. He pressed his lips tightly together to keep from allowing acerbic words to spill forth. He refused to give them any excuse to cause a scene before they had even reached their destination. Everything was riding on Loki’s success here. This was his only chance for freedom.The training grounds were similar to those at Odin’s palace, with packed dirt and soldiers scattered about. The guard who led them guided them through the area to a section in the back, slightly set away from the rest of the commotion. A woman with long red hair was doing swordwork, her movements excruciatingly slow as he concentrated on the precision of each stance. Her eyes nearly glowed as she finished a form and turned to face them, sheathing her sword, and red lines traced across her face. Her armor consisted of little more than a golden brassier, scant fabric covering her nether regions, and a wide leather belt. She had gauntlets and boot of metal so form-fitting and thin that Loki was somewhat doubtful it was even metal at all. Off to the side, perched on a wooden bench, a man watched the proceedings. He was the first man Loki had seen since stepping foot on the training grounds. They weren’t usually allowed here, as far as he knew.“Aesir,” the woman spoke in a grave voice.Her expression betrayed nothing. Loki bowed just in case, lower this time. He wanted there to be no risks of anything going wrong.“Angela, I presume? I am Loki, of Asgard, and this is Thor, the crowned prince. With us are the Lady Sif and Lords Frandal, Volstagg, and Hogan. It is an honor to meet one as accomplished as yourself. The tales of your skill are known far and wide. I have heard even our own Weapons Master praise that which you have accompl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Angela
Angela/Tony Stark
Angela/Tony Stark/Loki
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sera (Marvel)

freeform: 
Lifedebts
Angelic Possession
Slavery
Prompt Fill
Loki-centric
Loki Feels
Angela Takes No Shit
Tony Being Tony
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Does What He Wants
Tony Wants Loki
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Pre-Slash
loki deserves better
Unreliable Narrator
Emotional Hurt
Panic Attacks
Worldbuilding
Odin's A+ Parenting
mentioned genocide
Violence
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Loki
Magic
Oblivious Thor
Bot Feels
Hidden Bots
Background Relationships
Asexual Character
Pansexual Character
Indecisive Behavior
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
bamf angela

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Angela
Angela/Tony Stark
Angela/Tony Stark/Loki
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sera (Marvel)

