Work Text:
Tony is building each of them their own floor in what remains of the Stark Tower. Clint’s counting down the days until the renovations are complete. His room on the Hellicarrier grows more claustrophobic as each day passes (the walls close in every time he dreams), so he spends as much time at Tony’s as possible, looking at the plans.He makes sure that he’s in Tony’s workroom when the others stop in to look at their designs. They ask about the dimensions of the space, about the facilities, about how much it’s going to cost. Thor’s getting a fireplace, Bruce’s floor is reinforced to a redundant degree, Steve’s getting a ‘retro’ theme, and Natasha’s has a meditation room.Clint doesn’t think he needs any of those things. He can’t think of what he does want, though. Tony’s already giving him a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen, and a living room. (Coulson’s house, Clint knows, from the few times he’d visited, had had all of that. Coulson’s house had also had a study, but Clint’s books are too small and too few to fill up more than one shelf.) So he listens when the others talk, and keeps track of what he might want for himself.He stops by almost every day. He starts his mornings in the land-based SHIELD headquarters, steals breakfast from the cafeteria, and spends his days walking around. He hits up libraries, museums, various rooftops with nice views. When he gets tired, or lonely, he heads to Tony’s. Tony threatens to kick him out sometimes, but he hasn’t done it yet.Clint’s starting to get invested in the apartment Tony’s building for him. He’s never really had a space of his own before—not like this—and he wants it to be nice.When he shows up on Thursday, Tony’s already working, grease in his hair and two half-full coffee mugs stacked on top of each other on the table in front of him. Clint pulls the wheeled stool he’s appropriated over to an unoccupied desk and asks JARVIS to pull up the plans. He likes JARVIS. The plans for Clint’s floor come up right away, just like usual. He pans over to the living room.“Hey, Tony—that rectangle’s gonna be a couch, right?”“Yes.”“Yeah? What kind of couch?” He spins the graphic in a circle. “Can it be grey?”“It’s green,” Tony says, pushing Clint’s stool away and flicking away from Clint’s floor on the display. Clint reaches over his shoulder and flicks it back. “And it’s already been ordered.”“Yeah? When’s it getting here?”“Friday.”“What time Friday?”“I don’t know.”“Don’t you have to be here when they drop it off?”“That’s why I have JARVIS. And a multi-billion dollar company, which comes with people who do things like wait for deliveries.”“What are you going to do if they don’t bring it on Friday?”Tony lets his head fall forward onto the table. The coffee mugs teeter precariously.Clint opens his mouth to say something, but stays quiet; he doesn’t feel like apologizing right now. He’s not even sure what he’s done.In the entirely of Clint’s life, there are four places that he’s stayed for more than five consecutive months: his parents’ apartment before the accident, the orphanage, the Swordsman’s trailer, and his SHIELD barracks (which barely count; he gets shuffled between different bases each new mission).He and Barney had shared a room in their parents’ apartment. The door hadn’t locked but there had been a little nook in the closet—set high up in the wall, high enough that Barney had to boost Clint to get up there—where Clint could tuck himself into when things got bad. Barney would hoist him up there and slip out the window. Barney had friends he’d stay with when things went bad. Clint would stay, waiting for the yelling and screaming to stop. Sometimes he would stay hidden until the morning, when Barney usually came back for him. Other times he lowered himself down, his fingers white-knuckled, fingernails digging into the wood, holding his breath until he dropped to the ground.They were shuffled between three foster homes after their parents’ accident. They always got kicked out pretty quick. Their first placement had been nice, but short term; he hadn’t needed to hide.The second house was huge and old and Barney said that it had ghosts. After the first week, when their foster mom started asking them to spend time alone with her, Clint found a new way to hide. He loosened the screws on the vents using an old quarter and hid there when they came looking for him. Barney just grabbed a knife and started yelling. They were gone within a day.In the third house there had been nowhere to run. Eventually he and Barney raised enough of a fuss—screaming, yelling, calling their social worker nonstop, complaining in school—and got taken out. The social worker took pictures of them when they were removed from the house. Clint knows that Coulson has those photos of pale skin and dark bruises tucked into some old file marked Barton, C.After that their social worker gave up on trying to find them a family that would put up with them and stuck them in a shelter. They had their 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Insecurity
Foster Care
Developing Relationship
Fix-It
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

