Chapter 1: everything turns quite leisurely from disaster
    




Chapter Text

Words like violence break the silence  Come crashing in, into my little world
Silence used to be peaceful for Bucky. These days it makes him feel like he's waiting for something, like he's listening for the warning sounds of predators approaching.Now silence means he's waiting for the other shoe to drop.Mornings are usually quiet in their apartment. Bucky never sleeps well and he's normally up before his boyfriend, sitting curled up in the bay window while he drinks coffee, smokes a cigarette, and tries to wake up. He sleepily watches the traffic on the street below and makes up stories about people in the cars, about where they're going and what they're doing with their freedom. About how they can see anyone they want and change their mind on a dime if they choose.He snaps out of his reverie when he hears Brock coming out of the bathroom, looking gorgeous and scruffy from sleep in the way that still makes Bucky's heart jump even after all their time together. The appearance of his boyfriend makes his stomach flip in a treacherous, less pleasant way too, hand tightening unconsciously around his coffee cup until his knuckles are as pale as porcelain, because the next few minutes will determine how the rest of the day pans out. If Brock wakes up in a bad mood then Bucky might as well kiss a calm day goodbye.He chews his nails nervously and lights another cigarette as his boyfriend shuffles into the kitchen, ignoring Bucky in favour of finding caffeine and a painkiller for his hangover. There was a time when Bucky would follow him, wrap his arms around Brock's waist and hook his chin over his shoulder to breathe him in while he's still blood-warm from the bed. It still happens sometimes, but only once he's confirmed that Brock isn't mad at him for something he did in a dream. Or mad at the coffee for being too weak, or the kitchen for being too bright, or…Bucky snaps out of his head again when Brock comes into the living room, greeting his grumpy-looking boyfriend with a sunny smile. His mind wanders more and more lately, drifting into fantasy at inopportune moments when he really should be paying attention. Anticipation is key, and he can't predict moods when he's got his head in the clouds. Drifting might make things easier in the long term, but in the short term it means he's less likely to notice when he needs to move before something moves him.He doesn't flinch when he blinks and Brock is suddenly in front of him with all his lean muscle and tightly-coiled strength, Bucky knows better by now. He's pleasantly surprised when Brock leans down to kiss him softly, his whole body flooding with relief. Bucky almost feels shaky when Brock pulls back, now the anxious adrenaline that had been building up in his veins has nowhere to go because Brock is smiling at him."Mornin'." Brock's voice is always rough in the morning, sends that same tingle down Bucky's spine that it had when he first heard it. He cups Bucky's face gently and rubs a thumb over his stubbly cheekbone in a rare gesture of tenderness. "You sleep okay?""Bad dreams." Bucky nuzzles into his hand like a cat, sighing softly when Brock sinks down to sit on the window seat beside him and pull him into his arms. It's so warm there, with the morning sunshine on their backs and Brock's arms closed firmly around him to hold him through the dissolving anxiety, that Bucky almost wants to go back to sleep right this minute.The heartbeat against his ear, the sound of Brock breathing and the quiet whisper of his fingers running over Bucky's arm, it's all so much calmer than the threatening silence had been. Bucky feels stupid for getting pent up and nervous in the first place. Brock presses kisses to his messy hair and drinks his coffee without seeming bothered that Bucky's practically purring into his shirt. At times like this, Bucky feels like a total idiot for thinking that anything could go wrong this morning at all.Feeling stupid is familiar, lately. Once the anxious adrenaline rush of anticipation has worn off and there's nothing to do but deflate and realise he worked himself up into a panic for nothing, that is. He hasn't mentioned it to Brock, who already has enough on his plate dealing with the job he hates (he wasn't designed for an office, comes home every day thrumming with energy that doesn't get spent sitting behind a desk all day) without Bucky piling more crap on top for no good reason.Bucky just needs to learn to enjoy the silence again without acting like it's the calm before the storm, that's the problem. And it's his problem, not his fiancé's. "Hey." Brock sets his empty coffee cup on the wooden floor and drops a kiss to Bucky's temple like he's apologising for the movement when his boyfriend is so comfortable. "Wanna get in the shower with me?""Mm." Not particularly when he's still a little sore from last night (morning shower doesn't mean shower), but Bucky has s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Artist Steve Rogers
Writer Bucky
Abusive Relationships
Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Manipulation
Daydreaming
Fantasizing
Domestic Violence
Recovery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow

