Chapter 1: Sex Will Lead You Back
    


        Chapter by katiedidarchive, phoenix_173


Notes:
Ok. So this is the brain child of wanting to write porn. Like, all the porn. So, yeah. This happened. Also, all chapter titles are song titles, but instead of the word 'LOVE' we substituted 'SEX'.    ENJOY ALL THE PORN!    <3 Katie and Nix

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Chapter One: Sex Will Lead You Back
 
 
 Steve Rogers would do anything for Bucky Barnes. He invaded a Hydra base on his own back in 1943 in order to save Bucky Barnes. He was willing to be beaten to death on that helicarrier in 2014 in order to bring back Bucky Barnes. He had torn the fabric of his team apart and engaged in warfare with friends in order to protect Bucky Barnes. And he had called in favors to bring in Charles Xavier to bring back Bucky Barnes’ memories. The results had been less than inspiring.  Apparently, reintegrating seventy years of memories, painful, bloody, awful memories into Bucky’s fragile mind had been more than even Bucky’s super serum enhanced system could take. “Buck?  Can you hear me?”  Steve whispered as he stared at the man lying in the hospital bed in front of him. Bucky had been stuck in a waking vegetative state for twelve days.  His eyes, once full of sparkling life and laughter and blues and grays and humor and love were now slate gray, unblinking and cold.  He didn’t acknowledge Steve’s presence.  He didn’t acknowledge anything that went on around him.  Xavier had warned that this might happen before restoring Bucky’s memories.   Bucky had insisted it was worth the risk. Bruce was hopeful that eventually, the serum would kick in, and Bucky’s accelerated healing would eventually bring him back.  But he had warned it wouldn’t be any time soon.  MRI’s of Bucky’s brain showed extensive damage.  If the same had happened to Steve, the healing would take years.  For Bucky and the bastardized serum that ran through his veins, it could be even longer. “I’m going to find a way to help you, Bucky,” Steve promised.  All of his team, even Tony, were looking for a way to help.  “I’ll do whatever it takes.” Bucky blinked.  Steve nearly jumped in his seat at the slow movement of Bucky’s eyelids dropping down and then opening again. It was progress.  Slow, but sure.  And Steve was sure that between all the brilliant and otherworldly people currently in his life, they would be able to come up with a faster solution. Steve Rogers was willing to do anything to help Bucky Barnes. He had no idea that Thor was on his way through the Bifrost with a remedy.  A remedy that would test Steve’s devotion to helping Bucky Barnes to the fullest.   “You’re going to have to repeat that, Big Thunder.” Thor leveled Tony Stark with a furrowed brow as they sat together in Tony’s workshop in the new Avenger’s Facility.  Tony had been methodically wiping his hands the entire time Thor had explained the remedy that the healers of Asgard had provided him with for the Captain’s man.  It was a simple enough concept, and Stark was too clever to not understand. “The remedy is relayed through an intermediary,” Thor began again. “OH...believe me, I understood that part,” Tony chuckled, throwing the rag on a nearby bench.  He clapped his hand together and said, “I’m having trouble understanding what role you need me to play in this.  You seem to have the...ah... intermediary  position filled.  And believe me, I am so past being able to fill that intermediary position.  Even if I wanted to.” “I have someone who could relay the remedy to the Captain’s man,” Thor nodded stiffly.  “I look to you for the solution of presenting the opportunity to her.” “And let me guess,” Tony heaved a heavy sigh.  “When you say presenting the opportunity, you mean, offering a financial incentive.” “She is not a whore,” Thor said decisively. “She’s the exact  opposite of a whore,” Tony rolled his eyes. “I believe that if the remedy is presented to her as a business transaction, it will protect her heart,” Thor said softly.  “As much as I care about easing the pain for the Captain, I must protect my sister above all else.” “Alright...okay,” Tony nodded.  “She’s in Selvig’s lab first thing tomorrow morning.  I’ll pull her in for a meeting.” “I thank you, Stark,” Thor nodded, placing a vial on Tony’s workshop bench.    The shimmering liquid inside was iridescent, the color wildly shimmering between pinks and purples and blues.  Just one small vial, maybe a tablespoon of liquid and Thor promised that if given to Bucky the correct way, it would quickly mend his broken and fragile mind.   The correct way...only Asgard would make its medicine in such a way that it couldn’t be taken orally or intravenously or heaven forbid even topically. No.  Asgard’s cure-all was delivered via virgin. “FRIDAY?  Can you call up Pepper for me?  I need her advice on how to handle a business transaction.”   “Coffee and donuts, tiny minion scienti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crack Taken Seriously
Porn With Plot
magical lady cave
Steve Rogers is emotionally constipated
Bucky Barnes deserves a hug and also some lovin'
Darcy Lewis has a magical vajayjay
Natasha goes undercover for a tiny bit of time and you managed to get into WHAT kind of trouble?
Asgardian medicine is a helluva thing
pornytags will be added as porny bits begin happening
first times with an extra set of hands
praise kink and exhibitiony kink and voyeuristic kink
magical hand jobs
all aboard the porntrain to smutville
have we mentioned that Steve is emotionally constipated?
he's working on it
Captain Caveman
Bucky Barnes is never wrong
Natasha Romanoff is better than everyone
Mild BDSM
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Car Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

