Chapter 1: Jasper Sitwell
    




Chapter Text
Jasper Sitwell has known Phil Coulson for three years now, give or take, and has formed some Opinions on the man. 
He’s one of the best agents to have next to you in the field. He's pretty good company off, which is rare for their line of work. He's maybe a little cool and direct at times, maybe a little dull for some people's taste, but he has a decent heart and a calm demeanor and that's enough for Jasper, who gets more than enough excitement from both his job and his family and doesn't need more of it from his colleagues. On good days, he'd even go so far as to say he considers Phil a friend.
And as a friend, he can recognize a couple of flaws. He drives a little too fast, and coming from Jasper, that's saying something. The Captain America thing borders on obsessive and can get pretty weird. And the man is much too possessive about his food in the mornings. The last person to try what the newly recruited renegade circus act is about to do ended up flat on his ass in five seconds flat, and that was before Phil'd had his coffee. 
Maybe he should be warning him. If it were anyone else, he would be. But in all honestly, Jasper thinks the kid could do with a good ass kicking, and it's been kind of a slow morning, so he sits back to enjoy the show instead.
And it's quite a show: Jasper'll give him points for stealth, for moving without making a sound, without seeming to move, almost, inching behind Coulson till there's about a hair's breadth between them, and waiting till Phil's distracted to snatch the chocolate glazed donut off of his paper plate. Or trying to, anyway. Because one second, Phil's eyeing some dry-looking cantaloupe on the far side of the table and reaching over in that direction, and the next his hand is wrapped around Barton's wrist.
"Good morning, Agent Barton," he says, all pleasantness and start-of-the-day optimism, like he'd greet any coworker at the breakfast table, which is technically what's happening. Barton grimaces, but from the surreptitious tug seems to realize he's not escaping just yet, so he adjusts.
"Morning," he mumbles, ducking his head. Phil smiles and lets him go. 
"Are you hungry? There's plenty to go around." Barton flashes him a borderline homicidal look, but it softens into something else based on Coulson's expression, which Jasper can't fully see. There's a moment where the two of them seem to be sizing each other up, and then Barton reaches around him, close enough to actually touch this time, the whole of his front pressed to Coulson's side, his hand low on Coulson's back for a split second, while he grabs a pastry of his own. Then he whirls around and stalks off, like he's been personally offended by the interaction. 
Coulson shrugs, completely unconcerned and apparently not confused at all, which makes one of them. 
"Kids these days," he says as he walks by, and Jasper nods, because sure, why not.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
UST
Touching
chili dogs
obligatory hospital scenes
Post-Canon
Rooftops
Resolved Sexual Tension

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

