Chapter 1: Declare War
    




Chapter Text
------Anthony Edward Stark was not popular. No, that was an understatement. He was so unpopular he was damn near hated. There we go. That was more like it. 
‘But Anthony! You’re rich, intelligent, handsome, and charismatic! How could you be so unpopular?’

 
Well, glad you asked! Yes, he was rich. But once it became apparent that he wasn’t going to bend the hell backwards and start throwing cash at people to make them like him (superficial assholes), they called him stingy, spoiled, and self-absorbed. Yes, he was intelligent. But because of said intelligence, he was two years younger than everyone in his junior class. And it often manifested itself in a sort of sarcastic asshole-ry, so people thought he was a dick. He was a bit of a dick when you thought about it. So no, that didn’t help either. He was above average as far as looks went, at least for his age, no acne or anything, but he was short and gangly, and he wore glasses because they were less time consuming than contacts. He’d rather sleep after an inventing binge than swear up and down at stupid, flimsy plastic lenses. He wore them for social events though, because Howard wanted him to look his best. Dick. That’s probably who he inherited it from. And his charisma only worked on stock-brokers and businessmen. High schoolers were superficial; they saw a short, skinny nerd with glasses, and no amount of personality would paint a better picture for them. But they could go straight down to hell. He was a proud nerd, and he would stick his tongue out in a fit of childish smugness as he passed them trudging to pre-calc. He did that shit at five.  So he wasn’t popular at all, to Howard and Maria’s dismay. The billionaire socialites had taken him out of his boarding school and into a public school to earn his diploma, and were shocked when he didn’t immediately grab the school population by the balls and drag it along behind him (they didn’t say that, but he just knew they were thinking it). Instead, he was dragged by the ear by either his two best friends Virginia ‘Pepper’ Potts and James Rhodes for skipping class to tinker in the Engineering or Computer Science classes (“Pep, you don’t understand; I’m building an A.I, and it’ll be revolutionary, I don’t need art, come on Pep, that shit’s useless to me, why do I need to know how to draw fucking fruit?”), or by the Dean of Students Phil Coulson for blowing up a Chemistry lab again (“Owowowowowow-Sorry! It’s not my fault this time! My blowtorch was on the lowest setting, anyway! How was I supposed to know that someone hadn’t wiped down the counter of all Sodium Chloride? Why isn’t Bruce in trouble?”). But it all went swell and fine, as far as he was concerned. His parents ignored him, and he got unlimited funds to build whatever shit he chose, in peace. He earned funding for the school through competitions? They let him tinker in peace unless it became a safety concern (like the his first time blowing up a Chemistry lab; that shit had gone so far south, but he met his Science Bro Bruce Banner in the process, so he counted it as a plus. What the hell was he even doing there to start with?). He earned a reputation as an eccentric, nerdy freak whom explosions followed daily? Well, most people left him in peace. 
 
See the trend? Peace. He just wanted to invent in it. Until the day came when his life went to shit by the hands of two incredibly hot young men. Let’s take it from the top, shall we? -----Tony tightened his scarf, and cursed under his breath. He had promised Rhodey that he would watch him try out today, but the chill was starting to get to him. He swore that when he got older, he was going to move to Malibu or something to avoid this shitty weather. He waved to Rhodey, who gave a much less enthusiastic (ugh, rude) wave back. Whatever. The sport of football never appealed to him anyway. He wasn’t interested in watching the thick-as-bricks jocks knock what few brain cells they had left in what was essentially using your body as a battering ram. But Rhodey was trying out for varsity, and so he would sit his ass on this cold bench and watch because he was nice like that. Seriously, they couldn’t invest in some cushions or something? He pulled out his phone, and became immersed in it. Whatever. They were only stretching anyway.-----Steve rolled his shoulder. Try-outs had been brutal this year. It seemed like Coach was trying to break them slowly, running them until they were exhausted both physically and mentally. He smiled. But he couldn’t complain, because as a freshman, he couldn’t have even dreamed of being out there like that. But once he, as Bucky so eloquently put it, “came back from summer vacation built like a brick shit-house”, his social life had taken a turn for the better. He wasn’t sure how he felt about that, and he emphasized that their interest was solely superficial. Buck had just rolled his eyes and told him he needed to get laid. Steve had p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Humor
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Steve
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Jealousy
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Fluff
Courtship
wtf is this even

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

