Work Text:
Fury calls Steve early Friday afternoon. Steve hasn’t slept -- he had painted all night -- and then had taken his customary run in the morning. He had felt it -- subspace, according to Tony -- strongly for at least three hours, and then it had subsided slowly into normalcy after that. Nevertheless, Steve doesn’t feel like he’s missed any sleep. He isn’t sure that has anything to do with the subspace, though; since the serum, Steve is usually fine with missing a night of sleep.“When can you be here?” Fury asks without preamble.Steve considers this for a few seconds, pondering the time and the traffic, and eventually says, “Twenty-five minutes or so, depending on traffic.”“I’ll see you then,” Fury says, and hangs up.Steve looks thoughtfully at his phone. He has no idea what Fury wants, but his voice hadn’t been any gruffer than usual, so he isn’t exactly worried about it, either. The fact that Fury wants him at SHIELD rather than talking to him over the phone definitely means secrets, but Steve isn’t confused or surprised by that, either.He doesn’t change clothes. He’s wearing jeans and the cream colored shirt that had come with the suit. He figures that if Fury had wanted him in uniform, he’d have mentioned it. Besides, Fury is apparently in a hurry.Steve’s bike is parked on the street. At least three of his neighbors had mentioned that it might not be a good idea to do so, one of them giving him directions to a secure parking garage a block and a half away, but Steve hasn’t really considered moving it. He likes having it close enough to be able to get to it easily.The traffic isn’t bad. He turns into the parking garage for SHIELD’s headquarters in New York with three or four minutes to spare. He has his own parking spot, and has had it since he’d bought the bike. One day he’d bought a bike, the next day the spot had appeared. Steve had tried to politely decline; no one had listened. So he parks in his allotted spot and makes his way to the security checkpoint. It takes a couple of minutes to get through -- Steve always has to do the retina scanner at least twice, as he can’t quite keep himself from flinching away at the first pass of red light -- and then he’s walking inside with no particular idea where he’s going.He’d lived on the base for the last few months, but he’s still only seen Director Fury twice, and he’s never been near his office or command center or whatever it is he uses. Until he’d been assigned to liaise with Stark Industries, Steve hadn’t even actually realized that it was a SHIELD base rather than an Army base. His movements had been limited.Agent Coulson falls into step at one side of him about fifty feet in, and says, “Director Fury’s waiting for you. If you’d come this way?” Coulson is apparently one of those rare men that can lead while staying directly in step with someone, so Steve doesn’t end up feeling like he’s trailing along behind him. He doesn’t try to make conversation, either, which Steve appreciates at the same time that it makes him feel even less like he’s one of them. He doesn’t exactly feel like a part of the U.S. Army any more, either. In fact, the only time like he feels like he’s comfortably where he’s supposed to be is when he’s alone with Tony Stark, and isn’t that something SHIELD and the Army would love to hear.Steve doesn’t realize he’s smirking a little until Coulson throws an unassuming but inquiring look in his direction.“Just thinking about how strange my life is,” Steve mutters with a little shrug.“If it’s any consolation, this morning I had to write a report on the effect of bio-engineered flora on human sexuality. With video attachments and footnotes.” Coulson’s voice is wry.“Seriously?” Steve asks, brows arched.“Seriously,” Coulson says. “I’m not saying your life isn’t strange; I can only imagine what it must be like for you. But, like I said, if it helps, your life isn’t the only one that’s not what you were expecting.”Steve gives Coulson a small smile. “It does help, actually,” he says truthfully. “Thank you.”Coulson flushes faintly as he nods; Steve pretends not to notice, because he’s a gentleman. Coulson stops in front of a door. Distantly Steve can hear the murmur of other people speaking in quick, insistent tones. He assumes that way lies what passes for a command center here. The only thing about the door they’ve stopped at that distinguishes it from other doors that they’ve passed is that there is a cartoon drawing of a man in an eyepatch stomping up and down on the spine of a supine man in a suit. There are a series of symbols stringing out in a cartoon bubble that Steve recognizes as stand-ins for swear words.“And he doesn’t mind that?” Steve asks curiously. The drawing has yellowed a bit and curled at the edges. It’s obviously been there a long time.“He snarls every time he sees it,” Coulson says. “But he never takes it down.” His face is perfectly bland, but his voice has a very slight smiling tone. Steve raises his hand to knock, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark has a filthy mouth
BDSM
Dom/sub
Impact Play
Sex Toys
Fury knows everybody's business
Iron Man Suit Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

