Chapter 1: Close Encounters.
    




Chapter Text

Peter darts across the street, giving a twitchy wave as a car slows to let him pass. He bounces over the gutter on the other end of the street, slowing to a walk as his tattered vans hit the pavement, tucking his skateboard under his arm.

The chilly autumn wind kicks up and scatters crisp brown leaves underfoot, and Peter pulls his woolen beanie further down over his ears, pushing his glasses up on his nose. He really doesn't need them, actually, not since being bitten, but they've always been there, and Peter's not fond of change.

He's tired, to say the least. At nineteen, working as a biomedical intern for Tony Stark was one thing. But, interning, taking pictures of Spider-Man for The Bugle on weekends, balancing his upcoming first semester of college in a few months after a gap year, putting on a hero suit every night to protect the city, and managing to hide being Spider-Man from Tony-fucking-Stark?

It's kind of bullshit, to be honest. Sometimes he's so exhausted after patrolling that he just webs himself a little hammock on some abandoned roof, falling asleep with the starry sky as his blanket. Yet, even so, Peter doesn't want it any other way, not really.

He slips his Stark Intern ID badge out of his pocket and clips it to his waistband, nearly approaching the security gates to the Tower.

Tucking his hands into his jacket pockets, he teeters forward on the balls of his feet as he stands in front of the electronic check-in connected to JARVIS, brandishing his ID. “Good morning, Mister Parker. Tony and Bruce are in the Lab.” JARVIS greets cooly but merrily. Peter thanks the voice, still unsure where to actually direct everything he says to the software.

JARVIS is an incredible piece of technology, programmed to Tony’s liking, even incorporating a wry sense of humor in his answers, which is unsurprising.

“Y'know, you can call me Peter, JARVIS. I'm nineteen.”

“Alright, Peter. If I may, it appears you've grown thinner as of late. I don't mean to pry, Peter, but are you well?”

He scrunches his nose, looking down at himself. He's lean, sure, but not...

skinny.

 “Huh. Guess living off instant noodles just aren't cuttin' it.”

He'd like to think that JARVIS would chuckle at that if he could. “You're a growing boy; you should be eating at least 2,400 calories per day, even more since you're fairly active. And your metabolism is astronomically fast, from my initial scans of all Mister Stark's interns,” JARVIS presses, and he wonders if JARVIS has any idea that he's actually Spider-Man. “I'll try harder, JARVIS. Thanks.”

Moving past the check-in, he stands and waits for the elevator, agents and top-secret businessmen and women alike darting across the lobby to get on with more important things, the bustle and noise never seeming to end as it all gets hurled at his heightened senses.  

The first elevator is full, packed with men and women in dark suits and high-clearance ID badges, speaking a jumble of things that surely must be important.


I could literally scale this entire tower right now in thirty seconds flat, 

he thinks, blowing out a breath as he waits for the next elevator, his back toward the wall of windows in Stark’s lobby.  

In a split second, his body goes rigid, a shiver going through his spine and pounding into the base of his skull. He feels eyes on him, tension suddenly thick in the air. He tightens his grip on his skateboard, narrowing his eyes and listening intently.


Something’s wrong.


“Pretty boy! Heads up!” someone shouts. Before he can even whip his head around, the windows shatter with a single gunshot, shards falling to the floor and ricocheting into the lobby. Immediately, there’s a wild flash of red, and he's tackled to the ground, the breath rushing out of him as he collides with the hard linoleum floor. His head knocks back into it.

As soon as he's down, a full round of deafening shots go off, civilians and SHIELD members alike shouting and ducking for cover.

The shots ring closer to him, ringing in his ears, and the figure above him ducks his head in the crook of Peter's shoulder, using his forearms to cover his head. His body straddles Peter tightly in the same way Spider-Man does to protect civilians. It’s unnerving. He grits his teeth, squirming under him for leverage. He resists the urge to use his strength and push the larger man off. But he doesn't, because, if he didn't know better, these assassins were trying to shoot at 

him

.

The shots are coming out less frequently now, more precise and closer to the two of them. He looks down at Peter, and Peter's decidedly shocked. Dumbfounded. His mouth opens and shuts, brows furrowing. 

“Deadpool,” 

he says lamely.

As Spider-Man, he’s spent a considerable amount of time with Deadpool, the most recent being only three weeks ago. Even worse, they've actually grown 

close

 after several years, a strange sort of inscrutable bond.

Spider-Man and Deadpool are fri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sassy Peter
Wade Has Issues
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Avengers Family
Avengers Tower
Self-Esteem Issues
Action/Adventure
Feelings
Canon-Typical Violence
Humor
Sexual Tension
Flirting
Scars
Secret Identity
Peter Has Issues
Pansexual Character
Hurt Peter
Hurt Wade
Romance
Wade Saves Peter
Immortality
Fourth Wall
Breaking the Fourth Wall
The Author Regrets Nothing
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Eventual Smut
Peter is an adult
no minors
Peter Parker is NOT a damsel in distress
Past Sexual Assault
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
in the past and in a dream sequence

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

