Work Text:
HYDRA's scientists had been delighted to find their serum-reversal procedure had worked. Well, mostly worked. Partially worked. Worked to a biologically and statistically significant degree, pending further analysis and peer review. Enough for a publication in the online Mad Sciences annual supplemental issue of Experimental Physiology and maybe some conference travel, if they made a good enough pitch to the funding review board.Their jubilation was dampened by the discovery that Steve's smaller self might no longer be Captain America-sized but was still 100% Steve Rogers, and Steve Rogers was now mad enough to spit nails. A minor oversight in the design of the containment area meant that smaller-Steve had simply wriggled out of the now ridiculously-oversized restraints like an angry ferret escaping a paper bag, and punched the nearest technician in the nuts. Chaos ensued. Smaller-Steve decimated the ranks of HYDRA's front-line laboratory technicians. The supervising scientists hastily retreated behind locked doors to regroup and figure out what the hell went wrong. Either his strength and speed had only been partially reduced by the serum-reversal, or Steve Rogers had always had the agility of a greased weasel and a surprising willingness to fight dirty.It took six guards to drag Steve down a hallway and toss him into the most secure holding cell in the building. They chained Steve to a wall by one leg. One of the guards went for Steve’s other foot, and Steve dislocated his shoulder with some kind of twisty wrestling move. Another one left for the infirmary with vicious purple-red bite marks running up one arm. The guards gave up on the other leg.Steve shouted a stream of inventive curses at the survivors as they regrouped. They looked deflated. Their comms crackled, demanding an update.Spurred on by the imminent arrival of their boss, three of the guards managed to pin Steve for a second while the fourth risked his fingers to jam a metal object into his mouth. Mechanized metal straps burst out of the mouthpiece, and wrapped around Steve’s skull. There was an ominous click as it locked behind his head. Enraged, Steve made a noise that sounded like "Mmargh!" and kicked the fourth guy in the kneecap before clawing at another guard’s eyes. The chain kept him from reaching too far, but if they were dumb enough to get close to him again ...The guards must have come to the same conclusion, because they collected what remained of their pride and backed out the door. The biggest of the four risked kicking Steve in the ribs one final time. He got a solid fist to the nose for his trouble, and slammed the cell door shut behind him in a trail of blood. Steve glared at them through the bars, fuming to himself in gag-imposed silence and trying to figure out the mechanism that would release the lock.Steve had got one guy in the eyes real good. He was still screaming, and a couple of medics showed up to take him away. His three buddies stayed behind to pace back and forth in front of the door to Steve’s cell, trying their hardest to look menacing. Steve watched them, unimpressed. It was B-minus menacing at best. Steve had been more effectively menaced lining up for brunch in Park Slope.Ignoring their posturing, Steve spent a few minutes taking in his new surroundings. It wasn’t the worst cell he’d ever been locked in. He was sitting on a thin mattress shoved up against the wall, and there was a toilet and sink crammed into the corner. The walls were the institutional puke-green that the prison wardens of the world must have gotten a bulk discount on. It was utterly forgettable, impersonal and cold -- except for the little stack of beat-up paperbacks piled next to the head of the bed. That, and the toothbrush in a cup by the sink, suggested this cell was already occupied.Huh.Steve picked up one of the paperbacks, more to rile up the remaining guards than out of any real interest. The cover showed a short-haired girl in scaled armour riding what appeared to be a giant green grasshopper while waving a laser rifle. Baffled, Steve flipped the book over, but he couldn't read the Cyrillic text. The book underneath it had a plain black cover with a white line drawing of a satellite or spacecraft of some kind, also in Cyrillic. The toothbrush, at least, was a straightforward plain blue.Neither the books nor the toothbrush were particularly useful weapons, and a quick search under the mattress revealed only a chessboard and a battered cardboard box full of chessmen. Maybe he could jab someone with the pointy end of a bishop, but -- Steve frowned. The door was heavy, with a barred window too small to squeeze even his skinny frame through. He had a sinking feeling about the kind of HYDRA prisoners who read Russian science fiction novels and needed to be locked behind four inches of solid steel.As if Steve had summoned him with his thoughts, he heard the tread of heavy boots down the hallway. Steve swallowed. Just through th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Size Kink
Rimming
Come as Lube
Canon-Typical Violence
Minor Character Death
Dubious Consent
HYDRA Made Them Do It
Happy Ending
HYDRA Trash Party
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

