Chapter 1: Nov 2004 - Oct 2006
    




Chapter Text

November 2004
Tony Stark leaned back in his chair, looking up at the ceiling through his sunglasses, waiting for the printer to spit out the results that three, maybe four, people were eager to see. He wasn't even supposed to be in the office today, he had called a personal day for himself, nursing a hangover from the night before that he had been hoping to not encounter by still drinking in the privacy of his own home.Virginia "Pepper" Potts had called him after 10am, (still too early in his book), saying that he had an appointment, and it wasn't something that she could field for him. Pepper managed to trick him into getting there ten minutes early, telling him the appointment was an hour earlier than it actually was. She was starting to know him too well, maybe he should start thinking about hiring a new PA.What Tony had not been expecting to walk in the door was a woman that looked vaguely familiar. When he lifted his sunglasses a little, he remembered her from nearly a year ago, but it was her honey colored eyes, and the brown hair that had been curled around her shoulders when they first met. He was pretty sure that his nearly drunken brain at the time thought it would be a good idea to sleep with someone that looked like him, you know, if he was a female.This wouldn't be the first time that one of his one-night conquests had made their way to his office; he was Tony Stark, everyone knew who he was by now. No, the surprise had been in the way of the small infant in the car seat that she had brought with her. Before Tony said anything, Pepper had called for a DNA test kit, (and he was glad that those were held on retainer in the building), and now they were waiting. The woman, Mary, hadn't argued about letting the lab downstairs process the DNA, saying they had better equipment than any other hospital or lab. The office was nearly silent, except for the occasional sound from the one month old. It seemed that he had been about to take a nap, and Tony was grateful. He was trying to will away the pounding in his head, and he's pretty sure that if there had been a wailing baby, he might have done something that even he would have regretted.The printer suddenly jumped to life, and Tony rolled over in the chair, grabbing it before Pepper could. The two women in the room watched him eagerly, both awaiting the results, and Tony looked at the paper, at the words and comparisons of the DNA. He of course had been thinking about what would happen with either result. If the results were negative, nothing would change, except that Pepper would probably put a couple more security black suits on him. This was the third paternity claim this year alone, and he could practically feel her glare when Mary had first walked in. And maybe this one they could keep Obie finding out about it, keep it from the tabloids this time so they wouldn't have to pay to have it not run.If the results were positive,... Well, he wasn't actually sure. They would probably try to pay her off, enough money both Mother and baby would be set for a good many years. He was 27, the CEO of a Weapons Manufacturing Company, he traveled when he wasn't out on his own, he spent long hours in his workshop at home, and in the R&D labs at the office, and just generally wasn't responsible enough for a child. Also, two hours was not enough to make a life decision, while nursing a hangover."Tony?" Pepper had moved a little closer, pulling his attention. He looked up at her, then folded the paper in half, shaking his head. She nodded once to him then turned to Mary. "I'm sorry, but there's nothing that we can do for you. I can have someone from Security-""I'll walk out with her," Tony said suddenly, standing up from his chair, pocketing the paper. Pepper looked at him, raising an eyebrow. "I was going home after this anyway." He grabbed his jacket, sunglasses still on, and slipped it on as a silent Mary blinked, picking up the diaper bag and car seat. He gave a little wave to Pepper, holding the door open for Mary, (he wasn't that much of an ass to not get the door for the new mother), and left walking next to her, hands in his pockets."Did that paper really-" Mary started before Tony interrupted her, quietly."Where do you live?" He asked as they walked to the elevator, the doors opening as soon as he pressed the button. He glanced down at the carrier, holding the small baby, eyes closed as it slept. He hadn't even asked for the baby's name."Why does it matter?" Mary asked him, eyes narrowing a little. Tony took the paper out of his pocket, handing it to her."Because, I'd like to come over, and talk about this without someone from the company there." Mary looked at the paper, then back up at him, but he was looking forward at the elevator doors as they moved down to the first floor. "So, uh, what is his name?""Your sons name is Peter."
 Tony took the town car that Happy usually drove him around in to Mary's apa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Mary Parker

freeform: 
Superfamily
Dad!Tony
Pre-Iron Man 1
Not Iron Man compliant
Not Iron Man 2 Compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Peter is Tony's son
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Slow Build
Alternate Universe
PTSD
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
because they're not fun
but everyone has them
or else it would be a fairytale
Tony Needs a Hug
Compromised Tony
Steve Needs a Hug
Angst
family fic
Light Swearing
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Fluffy Angst
Getting Together
Pre-Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Mary Parker

