Chapter 1: Stone Floors, Stone Walls
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Are you sure you don’t want to call the Avengers, Tony?” Mechanical arms whirred around him. “Pepper, for the last time, I can handle this.” The usual closeness of the suit closed in around his limbs, joints screwed securely in place.           “It has the same readings as the last portal.” The helmet closed around Tony’s head as Pepper Potts stared up at him, a mixture of annoyance and concern showing plainly on her face.           Tony answered in his usual flippant way. “It’s probably just residual from the last one. Besides, I nuked the place. There shouldn’t be anything left.” The mask clanked down over his face, the screen flickering to life. Automatically, Jarvis ran through the usual diagnostics of the system and the Iron Man suit. Tony looked down at Pepper. Even through the digital image, she looked annoyed. Tony sighed. “If I’m not back by dinner, call the director.” Diagnostics complete, he engaged his thrusters and left his assistant-slash-CEO-slash-on-and-off-girlfriend behind, the brightness of the sun bouncing off the tall buildings of New York City taking her place in his field of vision.           The computer butler’s voice spoke clearly to Tony. “Should I make that an appointment, sir?”           “No need. Bring up the readings again, Jarvis.” Numbers flickered on the screen, steadily rising as he flew closer to the roof of the newly rebuilt Stark Tower. The air above it wavered with energy. “Bingo. Jarvis, calculate the exact wavelength and the counter-wavelength so we can cancel this mess out.” The screen flickered as he moved closer to the wavering air.           “Wavelength calculated, sir. Reconfiguring arc energy in the suit.”           Tony raised his arms towards the portal energy. “Alright, engage.” His repulsors powered up, and the suit went dark. That was not supposed to happen. Tony felt himself fall, and then he was hurtled skyward, though nothing gripped him. In his small view through the eye holes of his mask, he saw only darkness. He was falling… up? If Tony did not know better, he would have assumed that antigravity was taking effect. “Jarvis, give me readings.” No matter how he tried, he could not keep the nervousness out of his voice.           “Systems failing, sir.”          “Boot the backup,” Tony insisted, rapidly moving eyes staring into darkness.           “Backup failed, sir.”           “Reboot.” He was running out of options.           “I’m afraid I cannot, sir.”           “Well, what can you do?”           “Eject.”            “Wait- what?” A jolt of fear ran through him. At this rate, he would be too high up in the stratosphere for there to be air to breathe. Then there was the small issue of falling to his death, if he indeed was falling up.           “Ejecting now, sir.” Jarvis’s voice was as calm as ever.           “No, wait-!”           Before Tony could even flinch, he was hurtled bodily from the suit. Flailing in the darkness, it was all he could do to not yell. Instead, he wrapped his arms about himself, trying to maintain a sense of- a sense of what? Not falling? Nope, he was still falling. Through space, dimensions, who knew what? His journey came to a sudden end when his shoulder struck a hard surface and he rolled to a stop. He finally opened his eyes and was met with more darkness, pure and complete.           “Well, shit.” Pressing up on the cold surface, Tony pulled himself to his feet, wincing as a sharp pain shot through his bruised shoulder. “I don’t think we’re in Kansas anymore, Jarv.” There was no response from his butler. In truth, he had not expected one. He turned towards where he thought the suit would have landed when a sudden blinding light stopped him dead in his tracks. When his eyesight cleared, he found himself surrounded by the bioengineered lizard-like creatures that had tried to invade the Earth: the Chitauri.           “Well, shit again. Hey guys, sorry I blew up your-” The blunt end of one of their spears was thrust into his gut, making him double over in the shock of the pain. A bag was thrust over his head and tightened around his neck.           Tony’s heart raced, fear sparking red behind his eyes. The last time a bag has been put over his head, he had been a prisoner of war in Afghanistan. No good memories there. He had already had a lifetime of bags over his head. He was bound, hand and foot, all the while struggling for freedom. He was without his suit, feeling vulnerable as a snail without its shell. Pure adrenalin aided his strength, but he was easily overpowered without the added power of the suit. A sharp pain arced through the back of his head and a brilliant, but brief array of stars dashed across his vision.           He woke in a chair, head pounding and limbs bound tight. He opened his eyes, thankful that the bag had been removed. He quickly took in his surroundings, but what he sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Confinement
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Avengers (2012)
Enemies to Lovers

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

