Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony doesn’t notice it at first. He’s still remembering “It seems to run on some form of electricity!”, has labeled Steve as an old-fashioned good guy without a good grasp on science and then promptly written that part of him off – except for the occasional joke. To be fair, that’s not all his fault – he’s Tony Stark, he has important people to do and things to see, he can’t spend all his time speculating about his new team mates.Then, Steve and the rest of the Avengers slowly take residence around him, and Tony still doesn’t notice. Okay, so he has to eat that remark about Steve being confounded by electricity when Steve proceed to use his (unnecessarily complicated – it amuses Tony to see people fail) microwave with ease, but he still doesn’t notice. Not until he and Bruce are discussing a hypothetical physics question Tony stumbled over online and Steve helpfully chips in about how, the last time he checked, they had to take relative rotation into account for that to work.Bruce is left explaining to Steve that their scenario is happening in a hypothetical reality while Tony gapes, because no one told him the serum gave Steve brains as well. (The trouble he was in before is nothing compared to this.)*It makes perfect sense, of course. The serum gave Steve the perfect body, so why wouldn’t it also give him the perfect mind? In the quietness of his own mind, Tony can admit he’s a little stung Steve didn’t tell him, but he’s not really surprised.Steve doesn’t think it’s a big deal at all. “I learn faster,” he says with a shrug when Tony finally asks him about it, “It’s come in useful a few times.”“I’ll bet you it has,” Tony says. He immediately thinks of German and quick thinking behind enemy lines – he’s not sure whether it’s Steve or himself who doesn’t let Steve lose the persona of a soldier. “How does it feel?”“Faster,” Steve repeats with an amused curve to his lips. “Everything makes sense faster.”“Interesting,” Tony hums. It does explain Steve’s relative ease, adjusting to the 21st century – Tony has been quietly impressed by how well he’s doing, and he’s not the only one. Steve maneuvers cell phones and computers much better than first assumed, and Tony spent a good few hours lamenting how he can’t teach Steve technology if he already knows it. (He had some choice ulterior motives in mind, of course, but that’s nothing new.)*A few days later, Tony gives the SHIELD and the rest of the team a debriefing on his and Bruce’s recent discovery, a stretchy pair of pants they’ve all been awaiting. Seriously, if Tony had a dime for every time he’s been inadvertently flashed Hulk-junk, he’d be rich twice over. He gives them all the Simple English version for the benefit of all save Bruce – and, if he reads the light in Steve’s eyes correctly, Steve.He’s right – Steve finds him later, looking shy but determined in that unique way of his. “What would I have to read to understand the long version?”“You want to learn to make Hulk-pants? Really?” Tony asks with raised eyebrows. “Well, Cap, I wasn’t going to say anything, but you have been coming down pretty hard on Bruce’s cupcakes lately.”“Shut it,” Steve says. He’s not quite smiling, but he’s stopped reading malice behind Tony’s joking barbs – it’s a step in the right direction. “I’m serious.”“Well, that could – and has – filled a library,” Tony says. “Hold on, though, I’ll cough up some books for you.”*Steve returns the books two days later. Tony doesn’t bother hiding his surprise. “Not for you?” he asks, absurdly disappointed.“No, I finished them,” Steve says, looking embarrassed. “They were— they were easy.” He says it like it’s a secret, like it’s something vaguely shameful, and Tony thinks, oh.Steve has never been dumb, was probably too smart for his own good even before the serum, and he’s registered the changes the serum’s had on his cognitive abilities – but he hasn’t been brilliant before, not like this, and his limits have yet to be re-defined.Tony’s lips stretch into a smile. “Feels new, huh, Cap? Tell you what—” he takes the books out of Steve’s hands and puts them in the trash, the only reason he got dead-tree versions in the first place was because of Steve, “—I’ll explain this stuff to you, ‘kay? That’ll go faster.”“You—” Steve blinks. “You’d do that? Really? You aren’t too busy?” He looks around the workshop, lit up like a Christmas tree with projects.Tony huffs, and clears the holograms off his workspace with a wave. “Too busy to teach Captain America physics? Never.”Steve smiles.*None of the Avengers sleep much. Their reasons vary – Bruce is used to waking at the slightest footsteps, ready to escape out the back door and into the night. Steve doesn’t need to sleep much, a side-effect of the serum; Natasha and Clint are seasoned SHIELD agents, and Thor enters this occasional hibernation stage. Tony’s never slept much, has to exhaust his brain before he can rest properly, so altogether, they usually average out at four or 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
smart!steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

