Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry had always been a survivor. As a child growing up with his relatives he had learned to keep it all in; the hurt, the feelings of being worthless. And the aching pain of being alone.He had never lost hope, though.He had always dreamed of the day someone would come to his cupboard and take him away. But that dream had died with Sirius.Even after that, he had held out hope. Not in the dream of a family who cared for him, but in the belief that he wasn't alone. A hope borne from his faith in his friends and that they were all the family he needed.But the war was terrible and every bond was tested. The loyalty between classmates, family and friends became strained when everything went to hell.The Ministry refused to believe in Voldemort's resurrection and fell easily to the Death Eaters. Without Dumbledore, Hogwarts fell as well. And he, Ron and Hermione ran. As the world tried to tear them apart, they held on so tightly to each other that it almost hurt.And Ron left, and that nearly broke them, but he came back and they were a world of three again and they couldn't afford feeling hurt or betrayed or sorry because they were the Golden Trio and together they hunted down the pieces of Voldemort's soul, even as they were hunted themselves.At seventeen they knew war. All three of them knew it so intimately that it also felt like it had become a part of them. And Harry, who had always been dancing around with Death came to know him too. He had stood before Voldemort willing to die. Wanting to die, because he now knew that that had always been the endgame, from the very moment he was a newly orphaned baby marked by his parent's murderer.Instead he lived. A survivor once more, but not really because he had died and he knew Death and he knew that throwing away the Resurrection Stone and the Elder Wand couldn't change that, but he did so anyway, trying to purge the scent of Death from his soul.And the war was over.People started picking up the pieces, a new Minister rose with Voldemort's fall. The damage was repaired and the dead buried.Except for him.Friends and family drew back together as if their previous distrust was nothing more than a bad dream and even Ron and Hermione managed to shake off the pain, the blood and the fear and slowly retook their place in the sunlight.But even as Hermione encouraged him to come back to Hogwarts with her and take his N.E.W.T.S or Ron asked him to join the Aurors with him, Harry couldn't shake off the shadows. They followed him, clinging to his skin and he couldn't wash them off.Even standing in the bright sunlight, being awarded the Order of Merlin, First Class, and hailed as a hero, the darkness of the war still seemed to cover him completely. Their words of honour and heroics couldn't silence the screams of those he had witnessed tortured or dying. The expensive clothes couldn't hide the shaking of his limbs from feeling exposed on the stage, too easy a target.For everyone else the war slowly faded. It became a memory of a few harsh years in their lives. The losses remained, but the horror and sharp sting of grief was soothed by family or lovers as they rebuilt their lives.For Harry the war with Voldemort was his life. It had always been a part of him: it was the reason he grew up unloved and it haunted his steps every part of the way when he entered the Wizarding World. It had been his life and his death. Beyond that, what else was there?It was too much.The memories, the feelings, the nightmares.He had always been good at keeping his feelings in, but it was just too much. Now that the war was over and their Golden Trio was once again a group of friends instead of a world of three fused together he had to bear these things alone but he couldn't.The memories wouldn't let him be and his feelings were tearing him apart. He was stuck in the war and in death and it was driving him mad.It was a remembrance of Sirius that saved him.His godfather had spent twelve years in his own hell and had managed to survive.So with Hermione's help he learned. Obsessively he studied the animagus transformation. And though Hermione cautioned him, he didn't give much thought to going slowly so that he could get used to the animal's instincts. It took him no more than three months to fully change into his animal form for the first time.Harry Potter became a Griffin.Hermione and Ron where the only two witness to his transformation, and a month later, they were the only ones he told that he was leaving the Wizarding World, and Britain, for a while.He still felt hunted. And the attention everyone paid him when he went anywhere didn't help. So he left the adoring fans and persistent reporters behind and took a plane to America.But his pursuers didn't let up. Instead of Death Eaters or Snatchers, there were only shadows following him and they had no trouble keeping up with him.His animagus form helped a lot. He had read, of course, that one should slowly become accustomed to t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crossover
Griffin!Harry
Friendship
Comfort
SHIELD
Animagus
Steve Feels
Harry Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers

