Work Text:
Logan was having an okay day. In training the kids were dumb, as usual, but lucky, also as usual, and he figured they’d be as ready for the next fight as they've been for the last one. In Modern History everybody was asleep, so that went well. He smirked. Until the Midterms at least. Ten more days. He always found the second part of the semester so much more interesting. It was entertaining to see how scared everybody was for the first two weeks, asleep until the midterm, and then to terrified for the next half of the semester.
“Logan?” Rogue asked.
Logan put down the beer on the table to show that he was listening.
“There’s somebody looking for you. He said he's an ‘old, old, young-looking bub'?” Rogue's nose was wrinkled in confusion. “He's in the conference room with Professor X.”
Logan blinked. Something was… off. He didn’t get visitors because he had no friends… And, okay, the few friends he did have, everybody either knew them, or they wouldn’t be caught dead at the school. Logan shook his head, and followed Rogue.
“Why are you coming?” Logan asked Rogue as soon as he realized that she didn’t need to show him around. Maybe the kids weren’t the only dumb ones.
Rogue shrugged. “’m curious.”
“That’s not a reason,” Logan replied, though he was more amused than anything.
“It’s the only one you're gonna get,” Rogue said, smirking.
 “I told you not to get in my head,” a voice playfully said.
“Deadpool?!” Logan rolled his eyes. “Why didn’t you just say so?”
Rogue was taken aback. “I know Deadpool, suga'. It’s not him.”
“It was unintentional,” Charles was saying. “I’m only picking up surface thoughts. “
“I guess if you don’t want to be screaming in pain, you'll figure out how to shield,” the voice said carelessly. “Very hurt, very much foul.”
The voice was not exactly like Deadpool's, but it had the same inflexions; the same theatrical quality, the same comical highs and dramatic lows. But Deadpool’s voice was a tad rougher. Logan shook his head, and then cocked it to the side.
“I can help you,” Charles said soothingly.
“Where would the fun be in that?” the voice responded as if he were insulted.
Logan got to the door.
“Fucker,” Logan said, amazed.
Because in front of Logan was Wade Wilson. The original Wade Winston Wilson. The one without the scars. Logan didn’t actually remember, but had found a picture of in an abandoned Weapon X training facility. In it, with neat little labels under each one, there was Wilson, alongside Sabertooth, a John Wraith who was dead, and Logan himself. He had never told Deadpool about the picture.
“Yeah,” Wilson said, and there was a ‘duh’ quality to his voice that Logan didn’t appreciate. “The question is which fucker.”
“You don’t know who you are?” Logan asked, confused and grimy because of it.
“I do. Do you?” Wilson paused. “Or is it: ‘Do you? I do.’ Do-do-do.”
Logan rolled his eyes. “I think I got it.”
“I’ll leave you two alone,” Charles said. “Mr. Wilson. Logan.” He nodded.
“Ah!” Wilson yelled. “You outed me. I am now unmasked. Wait, I came unmasked. Never mind, you can leave.”
Charles blinked twice, and made his way out the door.
“Bye, maple syrup,” Wilson cooed to Rogue.
“Sugar.” Rogue nodded smiling, and followed Charles.
“Better with spice,” Wilson quipped in true Deadpool fashion, and winked. 
Rogue gave a last smile before she disappeared.
“She is going to be pissed if she finds out who she just smiled to,” Logan observed.
“I’m not wearing another face,” Wilson said, shrugging. “Just a healed one. But I’ll give you this: it's going to be interesting if she finds out. I think I can actually die.”
Wilson was playing with his lip… which was bleeding.
“Can you?” Logan asked with some trepidation.
“I’d try to find out, but if it's confirmed I hear the consequences are permanent.”
That was big. Deadpool got his healing factor from Logan in a Weapon X experiment. Deadpool wasn’t exactly sane, and whatever version he heard, it was clear that the healing factor was a part of it. There was the chance that Logan still felt guilty about that and that he had reacted badly. By badly Logan meant the sight of Deadpool drove him into an anger so intense it was close to rage. Everything Deadpool did rubbed him the wrong way. Starting with the fucked up name, which reminded Logan that enough people had died to make the techs gamble on the survivor.
But there was now the possibility that Wade had lost it, and Logan didn’t know what to think about that. On the one hand, he was relived. No more factor, no responsibility. On the other hand, Deadpool wasn’t the most stable person, and even if Logan repeated to himself that it wasn’t his problem, he still felt like it was.
“Can you heal at all?” Logan asked.
“At snail's pace.” Wilson frowned. “Wait, that’s the way normal people heal. I heal faster. At the pace of a turtle, maybe. Or a slower snake. After she ate.”
Against his better judgement was Logan was amused. He also didn’t know how much of Deadpool's behavior was Wilson, and ho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Loki/Tony Stark
Logan & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Suicidal Thoughts
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Pre-X-Men: Days of Future Past
POV Outsider
POV Logan
Established Relationship
Secret Relationship
Chronic Pain
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Loki/Tony Stark
Logan & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

