Chapter 1: Your Heart Is Black As Night
    




Chapter Text
"Your Heart Is As Black As Night" ~ Melody Gardot"White Flag" ~ Dido  If James Buchanan Barnes was disappointed that Steve Rogers didn't say his words the day they met, he could be forgiven. Words or not, Steve was always gonna have a claim on his soul. Other than his family, there was no one in the world Bucky loved better, or with more honesty. Though it had never quite wandered into romantic territory, they flirted along the edges of the idea for so long, he couldn't imagine spending his life with anyone other than Steve by his side. His soulmate would just have to get used to sharing, because him and Steve? They were together 'til the end of the line, one way or another.
Holy shitkittens, did I win the soulmate lotto or what?
The words had appeared on Bucky's twelfth birthday, scrawled across his ribs in loopy, swirling writing. He took a lot of guff from Steve and the other Commandos for the cute little heart under the question mark. Pretty Bucky, they teased, Bucky the ladies man. Despite the ribbing, he was secretly pleased by the words, the admiration in them. When he was alone, he'd draw his shirt up over his stomach and stare at it, sometimes brushing his fingers over the thin black marks. The incongruity of the creative cussing and the sweet, tiny heart intrigued him. He guessed, if there had to be someone else out there with his words other than Steve, it was good that at least it would be someone interesting.At least it wasn't as confusing as Steve's Don't you say it, don't you say it! His soulmark could be taken several ways depending on inflection, most of them not... great. Bucky knew his friend worried over the blocky typeset marching down his forearm, especially once the Howling Commandos were formed. He was always uneasy around the new guys until they'd exchanged their first greetings. During the war, Steve always made a point of only taking guys he already knew into battle, nervous his brush with fate would happen on some battlefield, his soulmate bleeding out in his arms.So when Bucky recovered his memories after the events in DC and came to live at the Avengers Tower, it was with relieved amusement that he listened to Steve tell the story of how he and Sam met. And if there was a little jealousy burning deep inside at the warm glances the two men exchanged, sitting so close on the couch in Steve's quarters that their sneakers touched, he could again be forgiven.All through the decades, as Bucky and as the Asset, he'd never heard his words.Before HYDRA, the situation was frustrating, an itch he wanted to scratch and couldn't. But after the ice, he realized he didn't want to hear them anymore. With his scars, blackened past, and snarly head, there was no way what he'd thought would be admiration wasn't actually going to be horrified sarcasm. No sane person would want to be tied to a man like him for life. There was only so much disgust and terror a person could take, and he could take a lot, but hearing it in the words meant to change his life would be too much even for the man who used to be the Winter Soldier. The fated other half of his soul could destroy him in ways HYDRA only dreamed of.He'd rather take a knife to the gut than meet his soulmate now."Yo, Bucky, helloooo." Sam snapped his fingers in front of his face, concern wrinkling his brow. Bucky blinked, refocusing on the pair in front of him. Steve had that pinched expression on his mug, the one that said Bucky had drifted off in the middle of a conversation again."Sorry. Guess I'm more tired than I thought," Bucky mumbled, rubbing one hand across his forehead. It had been a long day; a flight at dawn, a mandatory medical check-up by the Avenger's doc on call, Helen Cho, intense meetings with Stark and then several members of his staff. And a hurried lunch somewhere in the middle of all of it, but that had been a long time ago, his stomach reminded him.Steve laughed at the rumbling sound, pushing off the couch to tower over them."Hungry too, looks like. That we can fix, at least.""Chinese, Thai, or pizza?" Sam asked, pulling out his phone. They settled on pizza, though Bucky wasn't sure anything would be able to compete with the memory of the place around the corner from his and Steve's Brooklyn apartment.All in all, it turned out to be not half bad. He liked the invention of stuffed crust. One thing about Americans, no one could say they weren't up for adventure, especially on the culinary front. His furtive visit to the state fair last month taught him that. Bacon cheeseburger donuts, Jesus H Christ.Full of pizza, Bucky crawled into the bed in Steve's guestroom and tried not to think anymore. He was so tired. Tired from all the months spent running, spent hunting, spent struggling to stay awake because the nightmares wouldn't leave him alone. Tired of trying to keep himself apart from Steve, so he wouldn't tarnish the amazing thing his childhood friend had going her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
soulmate fic
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Darcy Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky Barnes is kinda an asshole
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Eventual Happy Ending
WinterShock - Freeform
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Pepperony - Freeform
Freebird - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

