Chapter 1





Chapter Text
”And this room is yours.” Bucky pushed open the door and turned around in a quick spin to catch Steve by the hand, dragging him into the room.Which was actually more of a suite, if Steve was honest. There was a small front room opening up for them first, with floor-to-ceiling windows of the kind Steve was getting used to seeing around this place by now, even though the view was still mind-blowing. An elegantly curved sofa on front of a TV that seemed to cover most of the wall, a coffee table between the two, and an armchair by the windows. Double doors led into the bedroom beyond, with a wide bed and more of that spectacular Manhattan skyline view. The colours were soft – warm mocha, caramel, and nougat. It almost smelled like the colours, too – sweet and cinnamon. The ensuite bathroom was all polished, yellow stone, sand, and sunshine. Like being on a beach somewhere.When Steve came almost stumbling back out into the bedroom, overwhelmed and not sure what to say, Bucky was sitting on the foot of the bed, ankles casually crossed, and leaning back on straight arms. Grinning at him so wide Steve could have sworn he saw every single one of his sharp, white teeth.”I can't afford to stay here”, Steve said. Because there was no way he could. He'd sought Bucky out because he was broke. And his friend figured this was a good place for him to live?Bucky just waved that away, smoothly standing from the bed and walking over to Steve. He reached out in his usual languid, almost lazy movements, and wrapped his arms around Steve's shoulders, pulling him into a hug. Which solidly planted his face right by Bucky's clavicles. The guy shouldn't be allowed to be so tall. It was ridiculous, really. Even if an argument could probably be made that Steve was the one who was short...”Don't worry about that, kid”, he said, kissing Steve's blond hair before pulling back with a pleased smile. ”I've got this covered.”With narrow eyes, Steve stepped back and crossed his arms. ”How, exactly?”Bucky blinked at him innocently, smiling beatifically, which was always a sign that there was something truly suspicious going on. ”Now, what kind of question is that?””Last time I visited, you were still living on Sam's couch. And now you have a place that's an entire floor, so high above Manhattan we might have to duck when the sun passes.” He raised an eyebrow. ”So excuse me if I'm worried.””There really is nothing to worry about”, Bucky assured him, dropping the fake innocence and sounding much more genuine. ”I haven't done anything illegal, no-one else is doing anything illegal, it's just fine.””But then...” Steve gestured around himself. ”How?!”With an exasperated noise, Bucky threw his hands up. ”Fine! I should have known you wouldn't just accept a good thing.” Now it was his turn to cross his arms over his chest, looking almost defensive. ”I have a... friend. Who owns this place and lets me stay here. For free.” There was something challenging in his eyes when he said the last part.Gritting his teeth, Steve shook his head. ”There's no such thing as free, Bucky. You know that.”All he got for a response was a pointed look under an arched brow.”Oh my god”, Steve groaned, understanding dawning along with a sense of dread, and dropped his head into his palms. ”You can't be serious!””I'm dead serious.”Steve reaised his head again to stare at him. ”But... no... you... Buck! You were supposed to be an artist! This is... this isn't right!”Bucky rolled his eyes, reached out to snatch up Steve's skinny wrist and tugged him unceremoniously out of the suite, clear across the floor-wide apartment, to a huge room, bathed in daylight. There were three easels spread out on the floor, shelves full of brushes and colours and any kind of art supplies Steve could imagine. Leaning against the walls all around them were finished artworks in Bucky's signature style, all stark contrasts of light and shadow; bright colours and shining metal against dark winter nights.Stopping in the middle of the space, Bucky tugged Steve in, clamping his strong hands around Steve's shoulders and placing him with his back against Bucky's front, so he could be sure Steve saw what he saw. He leaned forward and spoke directly into Steve's ear: ”Who says I'm not an artist, punk?”And that was when Steve gave up and gave in. Because, honestly? He didn't have much choice.He had left New York after they had both finished their studies in art together, going off in the search of success. And he had failed, miserably. So he had returned, broke and starving, and Bucky had welcomed him with open arms. But not to Brooklyn, where they had both grown up and gotten through their years of school in a tiny flat above a diner that always smelled of grease and garlic, but in a modern, bordering on futuristic, tower in the middle of Manhattan.(It wasn't very pretty, though, if Steve was honest. At least they had a great view of the Chrysler Building – Steve loved that old skysc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Omega Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rutting
Light Dom/sub
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
Artist Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Trust Issues
Misunderstandings
Enthusiastic Consent
Cuddling & Snuggling
Secrets
Teasing
Humiliation kink
Aftercare
Pack
eventual polyamory
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Alternate Universe - No Powers
No Arc Reactor
No Iron Man
Rimming

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

