Work Text:
Steve followed the sound of music into the kitchen and stopped short. A woman—short and curvy with dark hair pulled back into a messy bun—was standing at the sink, swaying back and forth and humming along to the music as she rinsed the dishes. As he watched, she half-walked, half-danced the short path between the sink and the dishwasher.When she twirled back towards the sink, she spotted him, and her eyes lit up. To his surprise, she kicked the dishwasher closed and hastily dried her hands, then dashed up to him, grabbing one of his hands and dragging him into the kitchen just as a new song started playing.It wasn’t one he recognized, but it sounded more like music than the noise that passed for it nowadays, and the rhythm was familiar enough that he caught on quickly when the brunette started leading him into a swing dance.Once he realized what she wanted, he took the lead, and she followed him with a delighted grin. Steve didn’t know any fancy steps, and he hadn’t had  any  practice since the serum, but he remembered the basics. He was able to lead her in a dance around the kitchen without too much trouble, throwing in a spin every now and then to hear her gleeful laugh.The song came to an end, and Steve lowered her into a dip, which made her giggle. When he pulled her back upright, she stood on her toes and kissed his cheek.“Thank you. That’s been a fantasy of mine for—I don’t even know how long. That was perfect. Like,  literally  the only thing that would make this more like a daydream come to life would be you saying my words.”His eyes widened slightly; he shook his head and laughed. “Beautiful, your wish is my command.”She jerked back half a step and looked him up and down.  “No way!  Seriously, there is  no way  I am  that  lucky!”He smiled and reach out to tuck a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “I think that’s my line, doll.”Her cheeks colored and she shook her head. “No, this is—I fell asleep, or someone’s got me on the good drugs or…” She pinched herself and winced slightly. “Huh.”“Well, while you’re deciding,” he said, and reached for one of her hands, “would you like to dance again?”She glanced at the sink. “I should probably finish the dishes…”“You wash, I’ll dry?” he offered. “Or vice versa.”She shook her head. “I’m just rinsing them and sticking them in the dishwasher.” She looked up at him, considering for a moment, then nodded decisively. “All right, one more dance. And you’d better dip me again.”Steve smiled and echoed the song playing in the kitchen. “You’re the boss.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff
Swing Dancing
Meet-Cute
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

