Work Text:
I. 
Darcy is thirteen when the news breaks. 
THE SOULMATE GENE, the newspapers blare. GENETIC LINK TO TRUE LOVE FOUND. ALPHAS AND OMEGAS BOUND BY FATE. Yeah, it's only alphas and omegas that carry the gene, leaving betas to wander around, hoping to find love the old-fashioned way. Sucks for them.
It's all anyone can talk about for the whole school year, because they're teenagers and romance is all they care about. Her friends, or at least the ones who've already aligned as alpha or omega, spend a long time dreaming about The One, and how they'll just find each other like something out of a rom-com, and how amazing it will be once they're together. Darcy spends a lot of time rolling her eyes. She isn't so hot on science, but she does get statistics, and these are basic: six billion people in the world, only a handful of potential soulmates with compatible genes or hormones or whatever, and it's not like it's guaranteed that said compatible genes are going to show up in the same place, or even the same continent. Chances of actually meeting your soulmate are a trillion to one, and Darcy doesn't care much for those odds. Anyway, it's not like it matters. Darcy's a beta; she hit puberty years earlier than anyone else she knows, which is around when your alignment shows up, and by the time she's in tenth grade she's wearing a D-cup and being mistaken for a grad student when she walks around town, with nary a heat or a rut in sight.
Figures that in this one, stupid thing, she'd be a late bloomer.
You know how in Judy Blume books, the teenage girl has her first period in class and has to run to the nurse to get those retro belt-pad combo things? Well, that's how Darcy figures out she's an omega.
It starts the night before. She's itchy and restless and feels feverish, but her mom checks her temperature and tells her that she has to go to school tomorrow even if she has a chem quiz, no faking sick allowed. Even though she hasn't done that since middle school. Darcy steadfastly ignores her mom when she points out that middle school was two years ago. Whatever, Darcy thinks. Two years is forever.
So she goes to school, feeling weirder and weirder with each hour, and it all comes to a head in fourth period gym. She's in the girls' locker room, changing into her running shorts and baggy t-shirt, when she catches the eye of Heather Cortez, who's popular and really hot and hasn't spoken a word to Darcy since they were both in Mrs. Archer's fifth grade class, and something in Darcy just breaks. Later she'll remember that omegas in heat give out pheromones so alphas know they're fertile (even though the thought of having babies at her age is just ew), but at that moment, Heather Cortez is pressing her against the lockers with her tongue in Darcy's mouth and her hand on Darcy's boobs and Darcy is gasping and quivering under her hands, and the gym teacher has to pry them apart while the beta girls in their class gawp at them.
In the nurse's office, two shiny pink pills are dumped in Darcy's palm, and she's instructed to take them and go stand under the cold shower until she feels okay enough to walk home. That takes a while. Then she goes home, her mother takes her to the doctor, Darcy gets her very first prescription for heat suppressants, and she and Heather Cortez continue their established trend of not speaking to each other.
"And that's it," Darcy says, waving her hand with its precariously balanced shot glass in the air. "That's the story of How I Found My Alignment, by Darcy Lewis. Please, hold the applause, I already know I'm a great storyteller."
"I don't know how you deal with it," Jane says, fascinated, and matches Darcy shot for shot. For such a tiny person, Jane sure can hold her liquor. "Going into heat and everything - I mean, I'm sexually frustrated enough already, and I'm a beta."
"It isn't that bad," says Darcy, feeling a need to defend her kind despite how she always complains about it. "What's the statistic, one in four is aligned alpha or omega? That's not, you know, insignificant, and we manage all right."
"Yeah, but…" Jane shakes her head, then her eyes get all bright and she asks, "So have you thought about meeting your soulmate?"
"Yeah, I've thought about it." Darcy pours them another round of tequila, and reminds herself that there's two steps on the way out of Jane's trailer, not one. Just in case. It's not like she's planning on getting wasted or anything; that's definitely Jane's job tonight. "I think it's bullshit, is what I think."
"Darcy! It's not just a hypothesis or, or a theory, it's a proven fact," Jane insists, and Darcy snorts.
"Okay, first off, I don't even want a soulmate. I mean, it's stupid, right, expecting someone to be perfect for you just because their genes match up with yours, because they could be totally awful and you just don't know. And secondly - " She holds up an imperious finger, then hastily rearranges that to two. "Secondly, not only are there the six billion 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
soulbonding
Knotting
Porn With A Side of Worldbuilding
Mild Dom/Sub Dynamics
Biting/Marking
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Consent Issues

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

