Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Hot summer nights, mid July
 When you and I were forever wild

The river had always been the boundary of their world. The boundary between their world and the world of others, of danger and kidnappings, of people who “are not like us” their mother had always said.
So of course, the river had gained near mythical status in their minds and crossing it had become a test, a dare thrown in the heat of each summer. Their bare feet balancing on wet stones peeking up among the frothing water, and on the logs and flotsam caught between the rocks after the spring floods.
Bucky had been first to touch the opposite bank when he was eight, which was right and correct because he was the eldest, so by rights should do things first. Becca had not been far behind, her deft and sly sever-year-old hands groping greedily at the wet moss of the bank, shoving it in the pocket of her apron to take with her, as a keepsake, a spoil of war back to their own side.
That first touch of the unknown had been years ago, to Bucky’s twelve-year-old mind it felt like a lifetime. Now the other side was almost as familiar to them as their own. Last summer they had shot an arrow across the chasm of the river to suspend a rope between two oaks that reached for each other across the water like friends trying to grasp hands.
The rope was still there, now turned greenish brown from algae and dirt. Becca pulled on it, putting her weight on it, testing the knot on the other side. She smiled wolfishly and suddenly Bucky wanted to be first again, feeling an ugly twist of jealousy.
“I’ll go first!”
Bucky shoved his sister aside, who in turn shoved back making Bucky loose his balance. They had always roughhoused, their mother shaking her head at Becca, sighing, “she’s more like a boy” under her breath, but this spring Bucky had felt something shift in his sister. Some raw power was waking in her, taking root in her legs and arms and chest. A power that Bucky feared he would not be able to match.
He landed on his side on the grassy bank, breath pushed out with a whoosh. Becca, still standing by the rope, looked on in surprise.
“Well, go then!”
He chucked a stone towards her legs, angry and petty and afraid.
“No, you go Bucky.”
There was fear in her eyes and she shook her head, slowly backing away from the rope. It swung in the air, swishing in the wind.
“Please, Bucky.”
He wanted to shout and shove at her. It twisted his stomach, that maybe the power he saw in her was not so welcome. Maybe she was even more afraid of herself, more terrified of what she was becoming than he was. The gentle Becca who loved to cradle the newly hatched chicks and run her fingers on the soft underside of their puppy’s belly was forever changing, becoming something else.
Bucky shook himself, dusting his trousers and grasping on the rope. He swung his body onto it, sticking his tongue out and yelling:
“You were always a scardey cat!”
“I am not!”
Becca yelled in outrage as he started to make his way across, but Bucky could see the gratitude in her face while she carried on yelling:
“You’re a stupid head!”
“Princess Barnes!”
That one had always gotten her good and angry.
“Toad face!”
She shook the rope, making Bucky swing wildly above the rushing water, her voice bellowing across the distance.
“Horse ass!”
Bucky hollered back as he scrambled off the rope onto the branch, pulling himself along into the canopy, and suddenly came face to face with a set of wide blue eyes and a mop of blond hair. The boy was sitting with his back against the tree trunk, legs dangling, straddling the branch. He had a small notebook in his hands and stubby charcoal.
Bucky straightened himself up, straddling the branch as well, grinning at the other boy.
“Hi! I’m Bucky.”
The boy smiled a little, the left side of his mouth pulling up.
“Ste-.. I’m Stevie.”
Bucky eyed him a moment. The boy was skinny, bony arms and long spindly legs. He did not look like anything dangerous or different. Just a boy like Bucky.
Suddenly the branch shook vigorously, making Bucky clench his legs to hang on.
“Ah, horse crap! Move up, it’s my sister.”
He shooed Stevie to the next branch and Becca made her way from the rope into the tree. She eyed them both with suspicion as she shimmied up the branch on her front.
“Becca, this is Stevie.”
Becca wrinkled her nose in a way that always made Bucky think of an angry piglet.
“Are you here to kidnap us?”
Stevie stared at her owlishly.
“Because if you are, I feel that I need to tell you that I will kick you in the privates and that will not be very nice for you.”
Then she smiled, wide and gap-toothed where one of her front teeth hadn’t come in yet. Stevie laughed at her then, his eyes crinkling in a way that made Bucky feel a bit funny.
“I’ll keep that in mind if I ever want to kidnap you.”
They all found their own spots in the tree. Becca mostly hanging upside down and pulling out leaves and bark with her fingernails. Stevie returned to his seat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Historical
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha!Steve
Omega!Bucky
Alpha!Becca
Protective Siblings
Angst
Body Horror
Dubious Consent
Violence
Arranged Marriage
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

