Chapter 1: The First Date
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers checked himself in the mirror once again for maybe the 8th time in the last hour, smoothing his already set hair over. He wanted everything to go well. This was going to be his first date in  decades .It had been months since he awoke in the 21st century. Everyone at SHIELD had been helpful, he’d admit, but sometimes he couldn’t help but feel out of place.That is where the friends he’d made came in. There were four of them that stood out the most; Natasha Romanov, Clint Barton, Richard and the-soon-to-be Mary Parker. They all worked for shield and had their demons, but that wasn’t what defined them. Clint was a marksman, a hell of a good one, and he definitely knew it. His best and oldest friend was Natasha. She was equal as deadly and just as badass. Mary and Richard were engaged to be married; they were also high-level shield agents. Mary and Richard worked alongside Clint and Natasha in several missions, which is how their bond had developed even beyond work.It was all by luck, in Steve's mind, that he was assigned to the four of them for one of his first missions since he was found. They didn’t treat him like the legendary Captain America or anything special as the other agents had. To them, he was just another special agent doing his job. It was wonderful. They went out for drinks afterward and just hung out, talking. Steve can only describe the atmosphere as warm; warmer than he had been in weeks.This is probably why he had trusted them when they had set him up with someone on a blind date.Tony Stark was his name. It wasn’t exactly a blind date, he was known as the Iron Man and owner of Stark Industries. His face was plastered everywhere, there was no escaping it. This just made Steve all the more nervous. But he agreed to it none the less.Steve sat on his couch. He played some music to calm his nerves. Tony Stark was late; two hours late. Maybe he wasn’t coming at all? Maybe it was for the best, he had never gone out with a man before, not that he was opposed to it, he just didn’t know what to do (two men didn’t exactly go on dates openly in the 1940’s). It probably wasn’t any different from any other date he had been on before…not that all of them went well in the first place.Finally, there was a knock at the door.Steve quickly shut off the music and went to answer. Steve took one small calming breath and opened the door.There he was; Tony Stark. In person. He was shorter than Steve had expected.He seemed to have just been finishing up a call. Tony put his phone in his back pocket.“Hey,” he said, stretching out a hand, “Stark”Steve took and shook his hand, “Steve Rogers.” He said trying to give a more polite response than one he just got.“Am I, am I late?” Tony Stark asked, finally realizing this apparently.Steve put on a small fake smile, “oh no,” he closed the apartment door and locked it behind him, “Just 2 hours.” He added in a lower voice. Tony probably had heard him, he could feel it as they walked to the elevator. “Which is okay, Nat told me that that might happen. I just didn’t think she was serious.” He laughed nervously.Tony Stark pressed the button, lighting it up with a downwards pointing arrow. “Yeah and Richard had told me you were this way.” He said entering the elevator.Steve had no idea what he meant by “this way” and he wasn’t sure that he liked it, but Steve tried to move past that comment for the sake of the date.Thankfully, he lived on the third floor; it wasn’t that long on an elevator ride. He followed him out to Tony’s car. It was an expensive black car, even if Steve didn’t know what type, he could tell it was a luxury type car.The driver opened the door for them and Tony got in first. That did bother Steve a little, a gentleman would have let him in first, but again he wasn’t going to dwell, it didn’t matter. Steve went in and the door was closed.“Where to boss?” the driver asked.They both looked at each other with the same expression. Expectation.Okay now Steve was getting annoyed, “Let me guess,”“Hey” Tony said defensively, “I thought you were the  ‘ man with a plan  ’.”Steve hated it when people brought that terrible song and almost embarrassing campaign up, but again he tried to keep a level head. “I,” He paused for composure, “I have been alive in this century for 6 months. How am I supposed to know the good and bad things to do around here?”Tony sighed, and did what Steve could have sworn was an eye-roll. “Do you like sushi?”“I’ve never tried it. But I wouldn’t mind to.”Tony nodded, “Take us to the usual place.” He relaxed back into his seat.They sat quietly. Steve looked out the window at the life passing by him. This isn’t how he’d imagined this date to go. The thought maybe they’d get dinner and he’d get to see 21st century New York through a new set of eyes. Not from the back of these eye’s car. He turned around to face his date once 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Mary Parker/Richard Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Eventual Relationships
Baby Peter
Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
life as we know it - Freeform
Alternate Universe
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Stony - Freeform
Superfamily (Marvel)
Bickering
Parenthood
Fanart
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Mary Parker/Richard Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

