Work Text:
Wade was still healing when he woke, which was massively inconvenient because the thing in pieces this time was his head. He could feel his brain and skull regrowing, working out the tinier bits of debris he was splayed across that were stuck in the gore before his bones could close around them.The sun was bright and hot and nearly boiling him alive in his suit, and the sky cloudless above him, and he let himself breathe deep and relax in the sudden silence of his mind. The only interruption to his peace was a painfully strong urge to sink both his teeth and his cock into something, immediately, which he decided to be the first thing he remedied as soon as he was whole again. He only got a few minutes of reprieve before the healing completed and brought the voices back.

[Man, you should go for some poon. Or eight. Eight poon.]


{Nah, food first. Chimichangas specifically. Like, twenty-two. And some tacos. And some nachos. Maybe a burrito.}
"Take two and call me in the morning," Wade groaned as he sat up and surveyed his suit, ripped all to hell with his mask disintegrated, and the utter ruin of the building surrounding his previously unalive corpse."Head shot, eh? Bet you didn't count on the bombs I planted before you got me, did ya," he snickered as he pulled another mask out of his dedicated mask pouch. "Deadpool's da bomb wit' da bombs da bang a dang diggy diggy diggy said the boogy said up jump the boogy," he sang as he skipped his way out of the rubble."Restock."
{Refood.}


[Rewhore.]


Restocking went as could be as expected. A little fighting, a little blood, and a little flirting, and Wade was full up on ammo for his guns and his Mary Poppins pouch was renewed on its grenades and bombs.Refooding went great. The only Mexican joint he'd found in South Africa so far was still open, and stayed that way until he was full. His last client had paid in rands, and he tossed the one mom-looking lady a stack of twenties before he left, waving off the near-hysteric "Dankie! Dankie!"s as he walked out the front door.Rewhoring went terrible. His jaw ached like he needed to sink his teeth into skin (in a sexy way, not a cannibal way), and his dick ached like he was going into rut. But no matter what prostitute - boy or girl, alpha or beta or omega - he sniffed as he ambled past, they all smelled terrible. Well, not terrible, they smelled okay, but they weren't right. And it wasn't just that one block. He tried every street in the red light district with the same result.By the time he was breaking back into his motel room an hour later (because he was always losing the motel keys), Wade was a Bob-omb of sexual frustration. The sensation was heightened by the unshakable feeling that something was missing. Which was absurd because a quick check proved that he had all his limbs, he was still wearing his suit and spare mask, all of his weapons and unused ammo were accounted for (more or less), his phone and money were pouched up, and if he was missing any organs, his healing would take care of that. Nothing was missing.Nothing was missing, but something was wrong.It wasn't until he got in the shower that he realized that his knot was half-swollen and his fangs were extended, like he was actually going into rut. Which was impossible. Ever since Weapon X, anyway. He might forget a lot of things, but that was the kind of thing Wade was fairly certain he'd remember, faulty memory or not.The feelings of missing and wrongness followed him through one out-of-realm mission, two off-world ones, and thirty-four across Earth. Oh, and seven suicides, all of which he went through with just to get a breather from the ever-building strain of constant need and constant anger from the way he couldn't even bear the thought of sticking his dick or his fangs in anyone long enough to get them to chill the fuck out. When even the boxes started going nuts, Wade decided, on a whim, like all of his decisions, to enact a full-frontal assault on a Hydra base, just to relieve the tension and aggression.No exact reason why a Hydra base, other than the fact that they were generally shitty people who kept not hiring him for all the cool jobs because they had their pet cyborg that Cap spent two movies rescuing. Oh and there was a like a million of them (Hydra agents that is, not cyborg assassins) so there was plenty to kill. Which turned out to be more fun than he'd expected because all that killing kept exciting and sating his bloodlust in turns which turned out to calm his stupid and unending almost-rut just the tiniest bit. And okay yeah fine maybe it was the station Bob was stationed at so he got to kidnap the guy for some quality bro time for a week or two before he got bored of Bob (Bob was a boring guy and teasing him only provided so much entertainment) and dumped him somewhere (Djibouti maybe?).As much fun as he had throughout the whole mini-vacay, what with the killing spree and more Bob-time than it turned out he could handle,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Omega Verse
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Angst
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Wade Has Issues
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Amnesia
Established Relationship
Protective Wade
Canon-Typical Violence
Feral Wade
Self-Mutilation
Insecurity
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Flirting
Hallucinations
First Kiss
sorta - Freeform
Biting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rimming
First Time
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter
Anal Sex
Knotting
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Jealous MJ
Minor Mary Jane Watson/Harry Osborn
Masturbation
Mutual Masturbation
Marking
Come Marking
Anal Fingering
Dirty Talk
Angst and Porn
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Daddy Kink
Embedded Images
Art
Graphic

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

