Work Text:
Tony is no stranger to love and, more importantly, to the act of love, making love, of fucking until you can’t breathe, until you don’t remember your own name and have no inclination to muster the energy it takes to even try.  He knows the smell of sex, when it’s so strong it takes more than just a quick wash in the shower to remove it.  He’s no stranger to different positions, to different kinks experienced with every gender and race.  Been there, done that, done it damn well, and he’s got the tee shirt and pictures to prove it.  Sex is something Tony Stark is good at, as he can tune someone’s body as well as the intricate armor in his lab.  Intimacy is another matter entirely, and for reasons that don’t need to be divulged at this juncture or at any other juncture, Tony forgoes intimacy in favor of fucking because that’s something he can understand.The Avengers gravitate toward each other, a relationship borne of close calls and sacrifice, and that’s something Tony struggles to understand.  When he was dying, he opted for booze and sought a quicker death on his own terms, laughing in the face of his demise, yelling ‘you can’t fire me, I quit!’  To die by his own creation, by the one thing keeping him alive, was fitting in a fatalistic sort of way.  That didn’t happen, though, because Tony Stark is a genius and because, if Tony believes that sort of thing, it was not his time to die. He’s used to having his own back, to depending solely on his own strength, his own mind.  He’s a one-man army, the man who privatized world peace for the short amount of time that lasted.  The idea of having a team to depend on is a foreign concept, and not entirely unpleasant despite the time it takes to get used to it.  Even Tony can see the merit of having a team – despite his accepted reputation of working alone – consisting of assassins, a super soldier, a demigod and a brilliant scientist who happens to turn into a hulking green rage-monster.  He’s not going to be standing in front of a pep rally giving the all-for-one speech just yet, but what they have, it’s good.  They’re fighting monsters and taking down bad guys that would be nigh on impossible to do alone.  Fury, in all his fractured, eye-patched glory, was onto something when he pulled them together.When the team moves into the Tower, it’s such a gradual process that Tony nearly misses it because he’s updating the armor in his lab.  One day he’s in the kitchen pouring himself a cup of coffee and Clint stumbles in, bleary-eyed and hair sleep-mussed and asks for Tony to pour him a cup.  He takes it, closing his eyes as he breathes in the rich aroma, before nodding his thanks and wandering out the door back to wherever he came from.  Tony watches him depart and, with a shrug, returns to the lab.  He doesn’t remember when the rest of them move in, only that one day around dinner time, he stumbles down to the kitchen to eat his first meal of the day, and everyone is there.  Bruce tells him to pull up a chair because they’re having Thai, and that’s the end of that.

*~*~*~*
The first time it’s because Natasha was kidnapped.  Clint was ready to spit arrow tips, only Cap’s steady voice keeping him from taking off after her without a solid plan besides get her back.  She was missing for over forty-eight hours, and before they could even formulate a viable extraction plan, she’d sashayed back to them, smirking, with telltale blood underneath her fingernails and a few more bruises than she’d started out with.  She was still beautiful, though, sensuous curves and deadly edges.Clint nearly dropped to his knees in relief when he saw her, only uttering her name, “Tasha.”They’d disbanded immediately, all opting to return to Stark Tower.  Happy had driven them in the limo, with everyone piling into the back like a group of teenagers on prom night.Now Natasha is sitting between Clint and Thor on the couch, leaning heavily against Clint’s side as he runs his callused fingertips along her pale bicep.   She exhales softly as she drops one leg over Thor’s lap, drawing him closer.  He rests his fingers over her ankle with possessiveness, a challenge to anyone who might try to take her from them.  It’s so casual, so easy, that if you didn’t know them, you’d think this is every night behavior.Tony watches from the chair, a jibe on his tongue that never leaves his lips as Clint offers his hand to Natasha.  She takes it, pressing her palm flat against his as he gracefully pulls her from the couch.  She lifts her eyebrow and Clint nods once, an agreement that doesn’t need words.  She turns and extends her hand to Thor.  He accepts with a gracious incline of his head.  Words aren’t needed; tonight is for feelings, for remembrance:  they are alive.  They are whole.  They will live to fight another day.The warriors depart, and the only word on Tony’s tongue as he watches them go is victorious.

*~*~*~*
They finally find a magical creature that can injure Thor, and if that’s not a cold
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
OT6
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Team Bonding

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

