Work Text:
“He’s back again,” Steve said, handing an order to Bucky.“Who?”“One-date Wonder.”Bucky grunted and took the order, staring down at the long list of food—every expensive dish on their admittedly dive diner menu. “Guy doesn’t learn, does he?”“I dunno,” Steve said, glancing over his shoulder to the booth. One-date Wonder was leaning over the table, trying to maintain eye contact with a girl who was completely wrapped up in her phone. He was grinning and talking, eager to please, but she was mostly nodding and grunting. “I kinda admire his persistence.”“You would,” Bucky grumbled, turning to grab the fixings for their house salad.“Maybe we should get him a different nickname. ‘Gofer Goatee’?”“Shut up and get ‘em their coffee, Rogers.”“Not a coffee,” Steve said, shifting over to the malt machine. Bucky glanced up, raised an eyebrow, and shook his head.“She’s gonna be out’a here like a shot the second that gets there.”“Nah. She’ll stick around long enough to humor him. She looks like one’a those.”While Steve started up the churner, Bucky glanced over at the booth again, taking the girl in. She didn’t look mean-spirited, just disinterested. One-date Wonder was talking a mile a minute, his grin wide and his eyes huge and hopeful, but this girl was still really not paying attention. Under the table, Bucky could see the guy’s hands twitching. He’d brought a gift for her. No ifs-ands-or-buts. Guy just didn’t seem to learn.Steve finished up the malt and brought it over while Bucky sprinkled candied walnuts into the salad. He glanced behind him to where Nat was working the grill and fryer, two steaks already searing. Nat was wrapped up in her work, seasoning with all the fine expertise their greasy spoon demanded. Bucky sighed and put out the salad, ringing the bell. The moment Steve picked it up, Bucky turned to the cooler and dug out a slice of pie. They were gonna need it. “—and so that’s the story of how I wound up in Miami without a sweater.”Across from Tony, Janice was still staring down at her phone though, and he groped for a topic.“Here’s your malt,” their waiter said, dropping the tall glass on the table, and popping in two old-fashioned candy-striped straws. Janice glanced up and her eyes widened; Tony’s heart thmped a little. Maybe this had gotten her attention.She looked down at her phone and then smiled at Tony and his heart sank back down, its cheerful tattoo slowing to a death march. “I’m sorry, but I just got a text from my mom, Tony. Family emergency. I’ve gotta go.” She was already gathering up her purse and coat, slipping out from the booth.  Tony stood too, his grin sheepish.“That’s a shame. Maybe we could try again next week.”“Maybe,” she said, buttoning herself in. She wasn’t even looking him in the eyes.“Can I walk you?”“Don’t be silly,” she said, waving her hand. “You already ordered. You should eat. See you, Tony.” And just like that she was out the door, their little bell jingling jauntily in her wake. Tony watched her walk away, and took note that she didn’t look back. With a sigh, he sank back into the booth, staring mournfully at his malt. After a few seconds, his waiter sidled over, surprisingly quiet despite his bulk.“Shall I pack up the other steak to go?”Tony sighed into his milkshake, trying not to let the sting of humiliation get to him too badly. “Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.” Listlessly, he worked his way through the salad and steak, barely tasting a thing. Outside, snow started to fall and he thought that was fitting. Lonely flurries. Lonely night. Some poetic shit like that.Caught in his reverie, he didn’t notice there was someone standing next to his table until the guy cleared his throat. Tony looked up and saw a guy he’d noticed in passing every time he came into this diner. He had shoulder-length hair pulled back in a tiny bun, though a few strands escaped to frame his perpetual five o’clock shadow. He was always back in the kitchen with the redhead, wielding knives like he was born holding one. Before Tony could say anything, he set a plate on the table.“On the house,” he said, and then turned away.Tony stared down at the plate, at the perfect slice of apple pie, and then at the guy’s retreating back.“I don’t need pity,” he called, couldn’t help himself.The guy looked over his shoulder, eyes sharp and hard. “No. You need pie.”And then he was gone and Tony was left with the pie. He hated how fucking delicious it was. “Gofer’s here,” Steve said around a huge yawn. They were thirty minutes from close and normally he’d be cleaning up, but with a customer, there wasn’t much he could do. From the dish sink, Bucky looked up.“And has One-date Wonder brought another date?”“I told you we needed to give him a better nickname.”“You told. That doesn’t mean I gotta use it.”Steve glanced over his shoulder, assessing, and then he put his arms on the order counter, looking conspiratorial. “I think it’s a date. With a guy.”Bucky’s eyebrows lifted at that. “Wonder-boy’s bi?”“Lookin’ that w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Peggy Carter/Angie Martineli

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Polyamory
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Non-powered AU
Sort Of
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Established Relationship
Dating
Taking someone in from the cold
Stony Bingo
Bottom Steve Rogers
Blow Jobs
Threesome - M/M/M
Anal Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Peggy Carter/Angie Martineli

