Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry took in the rather bare room, the famous muggle inventor/billionaire - or so he'd been told - by his side, the guard by the door and the tall, trenchcoat wearing man with an eye-patch who confidently took a seat opposite them.A silence ensued between the four of them after everyone had taken their seats as the one-eyed man across the table seemed to be either trying really hard to use Legilimency on him, or trying to reduce him to a pile of ash with his stare.The Gryffindor couldn't help but wonder how in the world he ended up in situations like this.Maybe there was something to that whole 'penchant for trouble' thing that people insisted he had after all…"Harry James Potter," the man who was clearly in charge started, drawing out his name and, even while seated, managing to loom over him in a manner that was probably meant to be intimidating."Born to Lord James Potter and Lily Potter nee Evans. Your parents were killed when you were a baby and you were raised by your maternal Aunt and Uncle. At age eleven you were sent to a boarding school in Scotland from which you graduated at age eighteen. You gained control of your father's wealth and stayed in Britain for only one more year before leaving, travelling around the world until you ended up in India.""…is there a reason you're telling me my own life-story?""Oh, I'm just curious," the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D answered, with no hint of curiosity in his voice or stance whatsoever, "how does a man, as filthy rich as Stark, end up in the middle of nowhere co-incidentally befriending someone like Dr. Banner?""There's nothing wrong with being filthy rich." Tony Stark couldn't help but comment, shooting a smirk at the annoyed Fury.The man in question ignored him, though, and turned his gaze back to the unexpected complication in front of him."Who I befriend isn't really any of your business," was all the wizard had to say about that, a small frown on his face."It is when said friend can turn into a creature with the destructive force of a dirty bomb." Fury's one visible eye narrowed in suspicion at the seemingly unsurprised person in front of him "…but then you already knew that, didn't you?""We travelled together for three months," Harry said with a shrug, "and what with your people trailing us everywhere and the stress of moving immediately at the drop of a hat, it was bound to happen sometime.""And that doesn't bother you?" Fury probed, mockingly. "It doesn't bother you that Dr. Banner, your friend, turns into a large green monster when he gets angry, attacking anything and anyone around him?""Hey, now that's not really fair." Tony exclaimed "The man can't help it!"Fury shot the other man a sharp glance to shut him up.The man was not deterred. "It's not like he purposefully destroys everything around him. There are plenty of people who do. If you're really such a hot-shot super spy, you should know that. Shouldn't you be bothering them instead?""Stark, if you don't shut up right now I will make you." The Director's growled threat succeeded where his glare failed and the billionaire shut his mouth with one last sarcastic remark: "Shutting up now."Fury sighed and Harry absently wondered if the man thought he had made a mistake in allowing Tony present at this meeting so that Bruce would stop insisting to be here himself. Bruce had become rather good at reigning in his temper after all, and Tony Stark seemed to annoy the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. a lot. Maybe it would have been better for the guy's blood pressure to just have Bruce present instead of Tony? Harry considered the possible consequences of Bruce turning into 'the other guy' on a flying muggle airship and decided that perhaps Fury was onto something here after all."Not really." he answered the man's earlier question, drawing both of their attention back to him. "But if it bothers you we could just leave…?""Funny," Fury answered with a glare that signified it was anything but. "Since you refused to remain behind in India you are with us now." His expression showed just how pleased the man was about this."You will stay out of the way. You will not go anywhere alone. You will stay here, by your friend's side at all times and keep him calm," the Director firmly laid down his law, his tone brooking no argument. After a moments pause, Harry just shrugged and silently nodded his agreement. He was planning on sticking by Bruce anyway."Congratulations Potter, you have won yourself a stay on my Helicarrier as a constant companion to a ticking time-bomb. Enjoy." With that last dig, the Director resolutely stood and his guard opened the door."Well… I think that worked out well," Tony cheerfully commented before standing up to leave as well.Harry sighed as he followed the two out of the room, and resigned himself to spending the rest of this current crisis on board of a humongous muggle airship.From what he could pick up, something very dangerous was going on and it was a danger to a l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossover
Friendship
SHIELD

fandom: 
None
