Work Text:
"Agent Barton!"  Clint stopped short several feet past Phil, his body as tense as one of his bowstrings.  His hands clenched and unclenched, but he didn't turn around.  Phil sighed internally and gritted his teeth as he closed the distance between them. "Agent Barton, with me," he commanded as he drew even with Clint."Yes, sir," Clint spat at his back, falling in step behind him.Everyone they passed in the halls either avoided their eyes entirely, or took one look at them and turned away.  Clint was still wearing his field uniform, and the black and maroon fabric was stained with blood and dust.  Because the idiot avoided medical whenever an injury wasn't life threatening, the ragged, shallow gash on his forehead was still slowly weeping blood.  Phil's Dolce suit was ripped and bloody as well, with enough concrete dust sprinkled on it that his jacket looked more grey than black, and his face was smudged with dirt from where he'd wiped the sweat away with filthy hands.  He imagined the two of them looked like a fearsome pair, even before one got a good look at their paired murderous expressions.Phil unlocked his office door and opened it, stepping back to usher Clint in before him.  Clint stepped into the room, avoiding Phil's eyes, and flopped sullenly into one of the guest chairs, rather than his usual perch on the soft couch.  Phil walked around the desk and sat in his computer chair, not saying a word, letting the silence linger until Clint felt compelled to fill it."I had the shot, I took it, the end," Clint said, finally.Phil sighed, determined to keep his emotions out of this conversation.  "You were ordered to stand down, Barton.  You chose to disregard a direct order from a superior officer--" Phil held up his hand to quell Clint's immediate justification, "and that is insubordination, no matter which way you slice it.  Considering your lengthy history of such actions, I would be well within my rights to have you suspended from active duty until such time as I see fit to reinstate you."Clint glared up at him from his slouch.  "Are you going to suspend me, Agent Coulson?" he asked, emphasizing the title.  It made Phil's chest tighten; in the field they were still Coulson and Barton, but since they'd bonded during Clint's last heat, everywhere else they were Phil and Clint.  Phil was using Clint's title and surname in the hopes that he would understand this reprimand wasn't personal; Clint seemed to be using Phil's to show him that he was definitely taking it that way.After another long stretch of silence, Phil sighed.  "I should," he said.  "It was pure dumb luck that your insubordination didn't get someone killed, Clint.""I had the shot, Phil!" Clint spat, straightening in his chair and leaning forward.  "You know I had the shot.  I never fucking miss, Phil, never.""This isn't about whether you could make the shot or not!" Phil shot back, slamming his fist down on the desk.  "This is about things you couldn't possibly see from your vantage point, that I, as senior agent in charge, could! This is about intelligence you weren't privy to, that I, as senior agent in charge, was!  You thought you knew better than I did, so you went off-script, and that's dangerous, Clint.  I know you don't give a damn about your own safety--""I was fine!""--but you're not the only one who is affected by your actions," Phil continued, ignoring Clint's interruption.  "When you fired that arrow, the target's bodyguards took action, and the only reason Hansen and Wright aren't full of bullet-holes right now is because those guys apparently can't hit the broadside of a barn!  Your stupid recklessness nearly got our people killed, Clint!"The silence after Phil's last statement was thick and tense.  Phil could feel Clint's hurt and anger like a tangible thing, a sharp pain in his own chest, and it took all of his willpower not to reach for Clint's hand, beg for forgiveness, and kiss him until he was breathless and wanting.  He sighed and cradled his head in his hands, unable to look at Clint's face.  "Maybe... maybe I should talk to Fury about you working with a different handler," he said softly.  "Maybe being together and working together is a bad idea."He couldn't look up as he heard Clint stand, his movement slow and controlled.  "Maybe that..."  Phil squeezed his eyes shut against the well of emotion as Clint's voice hitched, and he took a breath before continuing.  "Maybe that's something you should look into, Agent Coulson," he said, voice flat as he walked over to open the office door.  "You obviously would be happier with an omega who follows orders without question."  With that final jab, he slammed the door behind him, leaving Phil alone with the echo and an aching heart.Phil scrubbed his hands over his face, praying that Clint would be in their room later, after they both cooled down.  He hoped that they could talk this out, that Clint hadn't finally realized he could do better than a balding, control-frea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Established Relationship
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Possessive Behavior
Jealousy
Topping from the Bottom
Scent Marking
Marking
Biting
alpha!Phil
omega!Clint
Translation Available

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

