Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

 

P R O L O G U E
 :i:
One year ago. The Xavier Estate, Westchester.
 The first time Charles meets Uncle Tony he is five and it’s his birthday.In a fit of motherly regret, Sharon Xavier had arranged a party; a summer evening drenched in sugar and cake for her only child. It’s the first party he’s ever had, and Charles isn’t sure he likes it all that much because there are too many voices inside too many heads, a constant overlapping stream that makes him feel a little nauseas. They live out in the country for this very reason – or so his mother often says, and she doesn’t care enough to hide the resentment that flickers beneath the surface of her thoughts. It always lingers, an aftertaste at the back of Charles’ throat and it would be a few years before he realises that it resembles alcohol. Charles knows his mother likes the city, and misses the parties, but his father says Charles is too young to cope with living near so many people right now, so they live in the country estate.He’s been standing by his mother all evening dutifully, smiling (because it was his birthday) and shaking hands (because the adults thought it was precious). He mostly tried to block all the voices from his head, and ignore the ones he couldn’t un-hear.His father rescues him from a lady with too much lipstick, who seemed intent on pinching Charles’ cheek until he bruised. Charles felt the warm, reassuring hum of his father’s mind winding its way through the crowd of chattering legs (Charles was too short to see above much else). But this time, he was accompanied by someone with very loud thoughts.“Charlie,” said Brian Xavier, laying an affectionate hand on top of Charles’ hair. His mother winced. “This is Mister Stark – he’s your Godfather.”Charles tilted his head back so he could see Mister Stark’s face, blinking rapidly at the barrage of inner-monologue that became even louder as the man’s attention narrowed in on Charles.
Oh look he’s short, got puppy eyes – adorable really – looks like his mother. Godawful mini suit I remember being dressed in those, fucking bowties it’s always with the bow ties granted they do look cute but honestly overkill what is it with mothers and bow ties and their five year olds it’s like a disease we can’t cure maybe I will put JARVIS on that, right after I buy that kid a comfortable hoodie, cute kid, not bad, probably a snotty brat though – 
His mother, fingers pinching into his shoulder with a small shake.“Charles.”Charles blinked hard, realising he must have zoned out. He gave his mother an apologetic look, before holding out his hand.“Sorry,” he said. Then asked, “Are you family?” because there seemed to be a lot of distantly related relatives in the photo albums upstairs and Charles could never remember.The man staring down at him had bright eyes, a neatly trimmed goatee and a bright, shiny watch on his wrist. His suit was the colour of the wine in his glass, deep burgundy red. He seemed like someone Charles should try to impress.“Nah,” said Mister Stark, “Just a good friend.”“I’m Charles,” he said carefully around each syllable, “Thank you for coming to my birthday.”
Aww fuck, he’s even got that accent. 
‘Mister Stark’ dropped down to balance on the balls of his feet, and took Charles’ hand in his own.“Hey Charles. Call me Tony, okay?”Tony had a smudge of lipstick at the edge of his mouth. Charles could see the red mark, faint. He tried to concentrate on the little visual details to help block out Tony’s thoughts, but it was like seeing double – and it made his eyes ache.“Okay,” he said.“Great,” said Tony, brightly, then pulled a large, square box out of nowhere and shoved it into Charles’ arms.Charles blinked in surprise. He hadn’t needed to open any of the presents before already knowing what was inside of it. But Tony hadn’t even been thinking about the present. In fact, he was thinking loudly about a strawberry frosted doughnut, bright red with jam filling and colourful sprinkles –Charles’ eyes widened, and he sent out a tentative tendril:
Can you….?
Tony Stark gave him an exaggerated wink.
Yeah kiddo.
!!!!! sent Charles.“Go on, open it,” said his father. But Sharon was frowning, giving the box a suspicious sort of look.“I don’t know, perhaps you should put it with the others and open it later when – ““Nah,” said Tony, waving his glass, “Open it now! Trust me Charles, this will beat all your other shitty presents.”The disapproval from his mother was bright and loud in Charles’ head, making him wince.It was certainly a very colourful present; wrapped in violently gold paper, which was so shiny, Charles could see his own face reflected back in the foil. Tony Stark sat down on the parquet floor, expensive suit and all, before patting his knee.“C’mon kid. This kind’a flat surface is best for it anyway.”“Best for what?” asked Sharon, looking faintly alarmed now. “Honestly, this isn’t appropriate – Brian you tell –““I’m sure it won’t be terribly destructiv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
David 8/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
David is basically Erik
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canonical Character Death
Kid Fic
Grief/Mourning
Adoption
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Domestic
Kidnapping
Abduction
Artificial Intelligence
Childhood
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Bot Feels
Child Neglect
Parent Tony Stark
Superhusbands
Telepathy
Betrayal
Torture

fandom: 
David 8/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
David is basically Erik
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

