Work Text:
“Wish me luck.” Foggy sighs, stooping down to grab his bag and sling it over his shoulder. He’s hoping to break his back somehow while bending down so he can skip the exam. Alas, Foggy’s vertebrae are far stronger than Foggy’s mnemonic devices. He’s going to fail this thing. ”Buena suerte.” Matt mumbles, voice muffled. Foggy blinks and glances back at his roommate, who is facedown in his pillows and waving a hand lazily in his direction. Matt is not a morning person—total night owl, probably beats up early birds before dawn and then steals their nests to nap in. “Was that Spanish?” He asks. Matt hums in agreement. “Dude, that is so cool.” There is a brief pause, and then Matt slowly turns just enough that Foggy can see his face, sleep soft and relaxed. “You’re easily impressed.” He teases, only half-awake at best. Foggy shakes his head. “No, it sounded really cool. Say something else.” Matt sighs, pulling the blankets further up over his chin. ”Tu aerodeslizador está lleno de anguilas.” Matt mutters. It’s such a long phrase, but so perfectly uttered. It rolls right off Matt’s tongue, only a little rough from sleep. Foggy beams. “Oh, man.” He enthuses. “What was that? What did you say?” One corner of Matt’s mouth quirks into a smirk. “Your hovercraft is full of eels.” Matt tells him matter-of-factly. Foggy laughs, startled. “The Dirty Hungarian Phrasebook. You just Monty Python-ed me! Matt, that is awesome.” He breathes, genuinely impressed. “And you can just do that when you’re half-asleep?” Matt hums in agreement. “I can’t even speak English when I’m half-asleep.” He mutters, put out by this stark difference in eloquence.  “I know.” Matt agrees, annoyingly smug. “It’s encantador.” “Encantador.” Foggy repeats slowly. “It sounds like a spell from Harry Potter. What does it mean?” Matt opens his eyes at this, grinning. “I’m not telling.” He says, amused. Foggy waits expectantly, but Matt just shakes his head, rubbing it into the pillow. “Guess.” “No, come on.” Foggy groans. “I’m horrible at Spanish. I had to switch to Punjabi because it was easier for me. Punjabi, Matt.” Matt snorts, eyes closing again. “I thought you switched to Punjabi because you wanted to ‘study’ something other than a textbook.” He points out with sleepy wryness. Foggy smirks. “The cram sessions were legendary.” He confides. “But my point is, I can’t do Spanish. So you should translate.” Matt says nothing. “Matt. Translate.” Matt ignores him. “Matt. Matty. Matty Patty Cake.” “Charming.” Matt finally groans, desperate and defeated. “It means ‘charming’. Which you are not anymore. Don’t call me Matty Patty Cake.” Foggy swallows, and he knows he’s blushing. Thank goodness Matt can’t see. Charming. Matt thinks—thought—Foggy was charming. That’s… “Gracias.” Foggy says hesitantly. “That’s a thing, right? Gracias, el amigo?” Matt looks grumpy for another second or two, but his lips are twitching. Finally he smiles and opens his eyes once more, and it’s fond. “Mi.” He offers kindly. “Mi amigo.” Foggy beams. “Got it. Double gracias, Matt.” Matt’s fond smile widens to a grin. “De nada, Foggy.” He replies, and that has to mean ‘you’re welcome’. Probably. Foggy thinks he heard that somewhere before he suppressed his traumatic experiences in Spanish class. “You need to get to class, don’t you?” Foggy yelps, glancing down at his watch. “Damn it.” He curses, sprinting for the door. “Uh, adios?” He tries, and Matt laughs. “Adios, amigo.” Foggy finds himself in a very good mood for the exam, still happy from his strange morning conversation with Matt. Maybe that’s why he does so well—he’s in the zone. He finishes early, and he gets to leave with the smart people crowd, the ones who are usually done when Foggy’s less than halfway through. There’s a cute girl in the smart people crowd that Foggy’s never had a chance to talk to. She’s quiet, keeps to herself and leaves as soon as she’s done, but Foggy left early this time and he takes the plunge. “Hi. You’re really smart, huh? That’s cool.” He tries smoothly. He wants to slap himself a moment after. This is why he doesn’t talk to girls. He just smiles awkwardly and hopes they eventually ask him out, either from pity or from a strange attraction to awkward smilers. The girl blinks at him, and then she smiles back, not awkwardly at all. “Thank you.” She says quietly, and she seems amused but not unkindly so. “You sit behind me, don’t you?” Foggy nods eagerly. “I do.” He agrees. She noticed! To notice someone behind you, you have to turn around on purpose. Maybe she was looking. Or passing back a study paper, yes, but she might have been scoping him out while she was doing that. “Um, would you maybe want to get some coffee? At some point? Because we’re in the same class, you know. We could compare notes or maybe just talk, although I’ll clearly need talking lessons before then because I’m horrible at this.” He’s babbling by the end, but the girl doesn’t seem to mind. She nods, still smiling, and hold
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Fluff
Language Kink
Bad Spanish
Mutual Pining
Oblivious

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

