Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It wasn’t something Peggy regretted, but she regretted how it happened.She regretted that her job wouldn’t let her be with her little boy the way a parent should be there for their child.  She regretted the times that the boy was brought into–where having a child out of wedlock would most likely damage her position in the career she’d fought so hard for.  She regretted that she took out her grief with sex and alcohol, instead of in a more positive fashion.  She regretted that it was with Howard of all people, but it was just one of those nights, and there were very few things to do on one of those nights.So they fell into bed together.  Just once, only once, but once was enough.And while she knew she could keep the baby, she knew it wasn’t right.  With no husband and nowhere near the funds that Howard had, she knew the child wouldn’t grow up right, wouldn’t grow up properly.And perhaps that was a mistake on her part–she knew Howard, knew him as one friend knew another friend, but how could she have known who the man was behind closed doors?At least the boy had Jarvis.  Thank God for Jarvis.  But, when she held her child in her arms for the first time, staring into his soft brown eyes, how could she have felt regret?—-Howard refuses at first.  She isn’t surprised.  “Why can’t you take care of the damn baby?  You’re the mother!”And you’re the father Peggy doesn’t say, biting her tongue as she took in a stiff breath.  “Yes, I know that Howard, but what am I supposed to do when I’m halfway across the country?”“You don’t think I–?!”“Of course I know that you travel, Howard, but where as I have no nanny, you have the money to hire fifty.  You have Maria, and as I’ve already talked to her, I know that–”“You talked to my fiance without–”“–she is more than happy to raise the child…she’s always wanted one, and as you know…”At that, Howard’s jaw clamps shut as he stares at the ground.  Peggy almost regrets bringing up Maria’s infertility, but she knows she had to.  She knows that somehow, this is the right thing to do.At least she hopes.“He’s going to be your child too,” Peggy says, softer this time.  “And I know it’s not ideal, but I really do feel it would be better than him growing up in a broken home.”Little does she know.“…You gotta let me think about it, Peggy.  I know Maria and I have been together for only months, but we’re getting married, and this is something we need to think about together.”Peggy nods.  It’s only fair.—–Peggy gives birth a month later.  Maria was kept out of the public eye enough that she can pass the baby off as hers.—–Peggy is busy, away on work more than she was home, and she really feels that it was the right decision.  Tony is four now, already famous for building his own circuit board.Peggy doesn’t know what she would have done with a child like that.  She prays that Howard knows what he was doing, and that he knows how to treat the child well.  She knows, of course, that he was barely home anyway, and if he was, he was constantly buried in his work, in his company.  Maria was better, she knew, taking Tony to Central Park for picnics, taking him out to the movies when she could.  Jarvis was there the most, however, and she wondered if Jarvis just would’ve taken the kid in himself, if she asked.But how could she have asked that of her friend?  Of the boy’s father, sure, but not of her friend.It pained her, it really did, but she knew she couldn’t offer her son what he needed.  She visits, of course, as often as she can (not often enough).  It makes her heart ache, at how happy he is to see her, how bright his face lights up when she walks through the door.  She tells him stories, mostly.  His favorites are about Captain America.  That pains her, too, but it was more of a dull roar, now.—-When Tony is eleven, Peggy tries to take him back.“He’s afraid of you, Howard, I don’t know what the fuck you did, but–”“I haven’t done anything!” Howard screams, his bottle of whiskey dropping to the ground and splattering with a crash, the amber liquid bleeding across the wooden floor.  Peggy narrows her eyes, stepping away from the alcohol crawling towards her.  Howard, however, isn’t done.  “Do you know what a PR nightmare that’s going to be?  The kid’s already famous, and if they found out Maria wasn’t his mom…do you know what a clusterfuck that would be?  The mess I would have to clean up?”Peggy takes in a sharp breath, fists shaking at her sides.  “Is that all this is about to you?  You and your goddamn image?  Your fucking company?”  At that, Howard says nothing, he simply steps out of the room.As the tears well up in her eyes, Peggy told herself that it would be alright, that Tony would be alright, that her son would be alright.  —-At seventeen, Tony’s parents die.  It’s Peggy who picks him up at MIT to bring him home, and to the funeral.  Neither of them say anything on the ride down the highway and into New York, just a stiff, sad silence that cloaks over the two 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peggy Carter as Tony's mom
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Sad Tony
Sad Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Jumps to Conclusions
Angry Steve
Happy Ending
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Canonical Character Death
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

