Work Text:
"Don't be nervous," Hank says. "He's just another political opponent." "I know, Henry," Charles says. He's lost count of how many times he's repeated that, now. "Eyes on the road." Hank's attention snaps back to street, both blue furry hands on the wheel as he navigates through the crowded, rainy New York streets. Charles was perfectly happy hiring a car, but Hank and Scott had insisted one of them act as chauffeur. "Magneto's a terrorist," Scott reminded him. "His group has killed people.""Rumors," Charles said dismissively. "And they're very much against mutant-on-mutant violence. I'll be fine."None of the others, of course, had seen it his way. He sometimes fears that they've forgotten that the kindly, wheelchair bound professor is as much an affectation as Magneto's ridiculous uniform and helmet. Charles can easily take care of himself, but he allows them this concession and thus has been tuning out Hank's good-natured encouragement from the moment the heavy gates of the school swung shut behind them."You know how these things go," Hank continues. "It's all political. It might as well be scripted. They just want ratings because of the Genetic Nondiscrimination Act. They'll probably ask leading questions. They probably won't even let you really speak to each other. There's no way it will be an actual debate, no matter what Malcolm said to get you to agree to this.""Now that would just be inconsiderate of them," Charles says. They're inching closer to their destination, and despite the traffic, they're hours ahead of schedule. He's rather sure that Hank and Scott and the others are more nervous about this than Charles is himself. "They did promise an actual debate. And Malcolm is usually rather good about keeping his word.""I'm sure the network is too busy salivating at the prospect of having you and Magneto to care much about Malcolm keeping his word," Hank says. "When was the last time Magneto even did an interview on location?""The Genetic Nondiscrimination Act is a significant accomplishment," Charles says, mostly because he can't remember seeing Magneto ever do an interview on location. By phone, certainly, and several taped or live from an undisclosed site, but never in a studio. He spent a not insignificant amount of time trawling YouTube last night to refresh his perfect memory, but it was as he thought.It's an interesting twist, as is the fact that Magneto is losing the ridiculous cape and helmet at Charles' request. Well, the helmet was at Charles' request--Magneto is all for mutant rights, after all, and once Charles had his people communicate through the network's people to Magneto's people that asking Charles to debate a man in that helmet was equivalent to asking Magneto to debate with a blindfold and stoppered ears, acquiescence had come back quickly enough. No helmet, no uniform, just two men weighing in on what could be the biggest legislative accomplishment for equal rights in decades. It's a bit exciting. Certainly one of the most thrilling things to happen to Charles in longer than he'd like to admit. He'll get a fair bit of press for this, maybe a bit more awareness for the school. They're not hurting for donations, but there's always room for growth, and this is likely to both bolster his base and maybe sway some of the more liberal anti-integration people to his side. If the bill passes and the choices are Magneto's camp or Charles' own, mutant curriculum in schools is going to look much better than Magneto's more hostile plans for mutant revolution.Magneto. He really should call the man by his given name if he's going to be debating him on live television.Charles has always thought that "Magneto" must be mostly a product of urban mythology. It's not exactly a secret that Magneto was born Erik Lehnsherr and lived a fairly unremarkable life before he reached university. The details are sketchy--he kept to himself and his family was fairly transient. His parents were human and died in a house fire in Germany when he was seventeen. Between seventeen and twenty-one, something happened, though no one knows what, and Magneto emerged, already spouting border-line revolutionary mutant rhetoric and gaining followers. He's a brilliant speaker, Magneto--Lehnsherr--and his ideas are awful, but Charles can see how they're appealing to a certain segment of the young mutant populace looking for an outlet for their anger. His hardline anti-integration stanch has won him many allies, especially among the bullied and ostracized youth in urban public schools.It certainly won't be boring, and Charles is looking forward to a bit of excitement. The summer was full of school renovations and midterms were hellish this year. It's been too long since he was able to face a worthy opponent and have some fun."It will be something to see, if nothing else," Hank says, shaking his head."Indeed it will," Charles says.Hank manages to find a conveniently located handicapped spot once they reach the studio, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Politics
First Meetings
Flirting
Television
Chess
Canon Disabled Character

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

