Work Text:
SSR Allied Headquarters was an underground bunker in the heart of London, but there was a building above it, a squat four-story box with no real design and no decoration. Steve hated the outside of it, thought it was ugly and pointless, but he didn't mind the roof -- high enough to see a few streets, with a wall that was wide and low, good for sitting on and thinking when the bustle underground got to be too much.It had gotten to be too much pretty quickly, Steve reflected ruefully.It wasn't so much that he didn't like it, but for the first time he was supposed to be a part of it now. They had him drawing maps of the area around the Hydra base where he'd found Bucky and the others; they had him writing reports, endless reports about the five-day trudge back to camp afterwards. How everyone stayed fed, how they got the wounded through, how he'd kept four hundred men from being noticed by the enemy as they crossed the front. It was all logistics, really, and Bucky and Dugan had done most of the heavy work as the only surviving sergeants. It didn't feel right to take all the credit, to keep saying I did this and I did that.So he'd turned in what he hoped was the last draft he'd have to do of the damn thing, and he'd come up here to escape for a little while. To think about this new life he was finally finding -- being a real soldier, getting Bucky back, and the way Colonel Phillips didn't sneer quite so much now when he mentioned Captain America. The way the men he'd brought back looked to him as a leader.And about Bucky. And Peggy.  "You playin' lookout?" a voice asked. Steve turned, glancing over his shoulder. Bucky was in the stairwell doorway. "Mind if I join you?""Pull up a brick," Steve said, and Bucky settled in next to him on the wall, legs dangling over the edge. Steve put one hand on his jacket and tugged him back slightly."Aw hell, you just did that because you could," Bucky complained."Should've known you'd come find me," Steve answered, not quite looking at him, smiling nonetheless."Yeah, well, I been put on Steve watch," Bucky replied. "Something on your mind?"Steve shrugged. Bucky huddled in close, seeking warmth; Steve didn't dare put an arm around his waist, but he leaned in too, sharing the body-heat. He always ran hot now anyway."Steve, come on," Bucky said. "Is this about that dame? Carter? I saw you say hi to her before you did your disappearing act."Steve nodded."And 'bout me?" Bucky pressed, sounding like he already knew the answer.Well, there wasn't any good time to say it."I dunno what I want anymore, Buck," he said quietly. Bucky studied him, then turned to stare out at the city, still dark in the wake of a bombing drill. "I'm just so damn glad to have you back, and -- I don't know what to do, I don't know..." he groped for words, then shrugged. "Sorry. Hard to think clearly.""Lemme ask you something," Bucky said. Steve braced himself. "You and me. Back when, in New York. When we..." he glanced around -- even on a rooftop, you just never knew. "Well, you know."Steve did know. Sharing a bed for more than warmth, the slide of bodies together, the way he felt sheltered with Bucky. The way no matter how many dames Bucky threw at him or took out himself, at the end it was Steve and Bucky together against the world."Yeah," he said. "Back when.""Were you settling?""Settling?""For me."Steve snorted. "No. Always thought you were settling for me."Bucky ignored that. "Why'd you come get us?""You know why, Bucky.""Sure, I know why. I want to know if you do. Disobeying orders, risking your life. Wasn't for the hundred and seventh. You came to get me.""Mostly," Steve allowed."Agent Carter. You like her?""She's swell. Of course I do.""And she likes you.""Guess she does. I don't know.""She does. Take it from me," Bucky assured him. "Look, you and me, that's solid. That's for good, no matter what. Doesn't matter about, you know...other stuff. You got a dame, I got my eye on a few -- ""A few," Steve said, amused."Well, gather ye rosebuds," Bucky said philosophically. "Won't change us. We'll always be there.""Bucky -- ""We're friends. You're my Captain. That won't change, but this is the smartest way. You know it is. So I'm saying it's done, that part of us. It was good, but it's done now. Go after your girl. You know it's what you want."Steve glanced at him. "I don't want you hurting.""I'm not. Still got you." Bucky's eyes swept down from his face, over the uniform, and Steve flushed. "I wouldn't mind trying the new model out though. Just once. For curiosity's sake.""Yeah?""Sure."Steve gave the city a thoughtful look. "You know I have a room in the bunker. It's all underground, walls are...oh, a foot thick. Can't hear anything once you're inside."Bucky grinned at him.***Half an hour found them ducking into the bunker, the hot smell of crammed-together soldiers closing in around them. Colonel Phillips barely spared a glance for them as they passed through."Strategy meeting?" one of the clerks 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
History
Unprotected Sex
Attempted Kidnapping
Hacking
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

