Chapter 1: The mysteriously-pregnant champion cuddler
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Chapter 1- The mysteriously-pregnant champion cuddler
Steve stopped in his tracks when he saw her face for the first time.Expressive blue eyes...  Full, pouty lips... A gorgeous, lively smile…Sweet laughter warmed him through as the feisty brunette batted at Clint, protesting, “No!  No one is gonna jump out and yell ‘it’s all for you, Damien…’ and I do NOT want to watch ‘Alien’ again…” Clint hugged her firmly, interrupting her attack while cuddling closer and snickering.Smiling smugly at Steve, Natasha raised a brow.  “See something you like? I’ve known her since she and her boss caught SHIELD’s attention, and she’s awesome.  You’ve probably heard stories about her from Thor. Her lovesick puppy of an intern isn’t with her, so, maybe he’s out of the picture now.”  The redhead stepped further into the Tower penthouse and her eyes narrowed.  “Wait.  Hold that thought, Cap.  There’s… something you ought to know… I think…”The beautiful girl turned to look at them.  Beside her and clinging to her tightly, Clint chortled and patted her pronounced baby bump.  “Surprised, Nat?  So’s the Virgin Mary, here…” The girl’s creamy skin suffused red. “Stop!  No angel visitations here, not a one...” She put her hands against her cheeks, as though to hide the blush.Clint shrugged.  “No.  But you haven’t ever had sex, either.  If it’s not a miracle, then maybe it’s a curse…”  He muttered to himself, “like ‘Rosemary’s Baby’, but virginal…” Her large blue eyes gleamed with sudden unshed tears, prompting Clint to stammer an apology.  He wasn’t quite fast enough to stop Natasha from smacking him in the head and cursing his careless tongue.  He protested, “Hey! Before her latest mood shift, she was laughing at jokes like that.”Natasha dodged around the couch quickly and knelt in front of the girl.  “I knew you were hiding something when we touched base online a few weeks ago. I didn’t guess this, though. How far along are you?  Are you well?  Who’s the father?  Someone in London? Do I need to hurt someone? Take someone out for you?”Steve heard more sweet laughter through tears as the brunette reached out to HUG Natasha.  He stilled.  People didn’t hug Natasha.  It just wasn’t something that many people thought to do.  But, Natasha didn’t resist or hold back.  She… absolutely melted against the other woman.  Natasha Romanoff, hardened assassin, moaned with unabashed need, “I have missed you so much.  Oh!  Hugs, and cuddles, and touch! Oh my…”  Natasha’s grin was giddy as she fairly sang the words.‘Lions and tigers, and bears, oh my’ from ‘The Wizard of Oz’… came to mind as Steve listened.The beauty laughed and shook her head as she ran her hands up and down Natasha’s strong, slender back.  “I didn’t want to worry you.  You’ve had so much on your mind since D.C., and then… other stuff. The past few years, since we met in New Mexico really, have been crazier and crazier. I AM well.  I feel better than I ever have, as if pregnancy is a cure-all for me.  I swear, my vision’s better now and my allergies are gone, too.  As sweet as your offer of homicide is? Sorry.  He’s already dead.  Hit by a helicarrier at the Triskelion, or crashing parts of the building itself, or something. Apparently my SHIELD-issue gynecologist knocked me out and… sort of knocked me up. He artificially inseminated me, I mean.”  She put out a cautioning hand, expression serious. “He didn’t… rape me. But, he was less SHIELD issue and more Hydra, and apparently sci-curious about my uterus for reasons beyond me.  There was something in his notes about my blood type, some insulting observations about the span of my hips, and way too much interest in my lack of experience, which he actually labeled a ‘lack of prior contamination,’ if you can believe it! So, now I’m carrying a mystery Cracker Jack prize baby.  I can’t have amnio.  My mom miscarried really easily. So, I just- can’t…”Natasha sat back on her haunches, holding the girl’s hands tight.  “Is someone pressuring you to keep it?”The girl shook her head.  “No.  In fact, everyone tried to make me NOT keep it.”  She swallowed hard and shifted in her seat with restless discomfort and a plea in her voice. “But, I was a few months along when I figured out that my lack of periods wasn’t just a stress thing from evading Dark Elf universe-ending and murder.  Like I said, I feel fantastic. And then I heard the heartbeat, and…”  She blinked back tears and gulped a slight sob, then laughed helplessly. “You should have seen the intern I was dating run out the door like a cartoon!  Vroom!”  Quick hand gestures matched her words, and her facial expression shifted again.  “They say I’m crazy, but I feel different.  I started feeling flutters earlier than should be possible; feeling like it was part of me.  I swear.  I can feel the baby.”  She gave Natasha a rueful, apologetic smile an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fluff
pregnant Darcy
cuddles and hugs
Steve Needs a Hug
happy fic
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Holidays
baby kicks
Eyelashes
Birth
More Fluff

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team

