Work Text:
Nine times out of ten, Tony doesn't have a plan for this sort of thing. It's not that he objects to plans, it's that he's good at winging it. Really good at winging it. So he didn't plan on standing in the middle of his office at ten to ten on a Wednesday night with his tongue in Steve's mouth and Steve's dick digging into his belly, but he is way more than willing to go with it.When he starts backing them towards the couch, Steve says something that sounds suspiciously like, "You've got a meeting at nine," but obviously can't be because one, no one would ever schedule a meeting they actually thought he'd attend for nine in the fucking morning, and two, why the hell is Steve even trying to talk."Okay," Tony says, mostly so Steve won't think he's being ignored. "But keep kissing me."Steve's laugh is warm and Tony bites playfully at his chin. The swat Steve aims at his ass in retaliation is equally playful, but like a switch tripped Tony's brain flips from light-hearted fun times before they head home to wanting something that'll keep them both working late.Rising up on his toes, he nuzzles up to put his mouth close to Steve's ear. "Do that again."Another laugh and another swat, both gently indulgent, and it's a good try but not good enough. Tony locks his arms around Steve's neck, body stretched out long and pressed snugly to Steve's front. "Do it again harder," he clarifies.Steve's head shifts a fraction, not enough space for him to actually turn, and there's a moment of silence that says he's thinking about it. "How hard?"That wasn't the question Tony had been expecting. His pulse kicks up a notch. "Just harder."It's not a great answer and Tony doesn't really figure on Steve going for it, so the noise the slap of Steve's hand to his ass jolts out of him is pretty much all surprise. The angle's awkward, the difference in their heights making it hard for Steve to really reach the meat of his ass. He rocks up high on his toes just in time for the next one to land square on one cheek, loud and only a little stinging."C'mon, back up," Tony says, his lips grazing the pulse jumping in Steve's neck. "Put me over the couch so you can really give it to me."Backing up one step, then two, Steve says, "You're serious.""You're always saying I can be a brat sometimes." The couch is right there but Steve doesn't move. "So haul down my pants and spank me like one."The hitch in Steve's breath isn't quite a laugh. As hands settle on his hips and Steve sits down, Tony's still pretty sure the dirty little fantasy playing out in his head isn't going to come true. Almost one hundred percent sure right up until the moment Steve unzips his slacks and pushes both them and his shorts straight down past his knees. He toes off his shoes and wriggles his way out of his socks in a hurry, ready to fling himself right over Steve's knee. "Not like that," Steve says, sinking lower against the cushions and catching him before he can stretch out. "Straddle my lap so I can touch you."Tony's insides do a fancy three-point twist as he braces a hand on Steve's chest and settles down. "Sounds good to me," he says, and gathers up his shirt and jacket to tug them up out of the way as he drapes himself over Steve's shoulder. The slight pressure against his ribs and the wide spread of his knees does almost as much for him as a good round of foreplay; the graze of Steve's palm over his bare ass sends it rocketing straight past the bar.He's so caught up in the anticipation of the smack of Steve's hand that his skin is already tingling long before it lands. It even stings this time and he sucks in a breath that's more of a laugh. "I'm good," he says, before Steve can ask. "Go again."Steve's mouth brushes his side, light and ticklish. "The same or harder?""Little bit harder," Tony says as he tries to scoot closer. He jerks forward as Steve strikes him again, letting loose with a moan when the head of his cock catches on the soft cotton of Steve's shirt. There's no time to tell Steve that's the way he wants it before another crack rings loud in his ears, half a second delay between it and the burn that sparks to life on his skin. Anybody else would be working overtime to get in a swing half as hard as that in a position like this, but of course Steve can pack a wallop either way."You'll have to tell me when you've had enough," Steve says, pausing to rub away the sting before another slap brings it roaring back.Tony nods, wriggling a hand down between them to fist his cock. Pure pleasure shoots through him at exactly the same moment Steve goes again, and it's like the smack knocks his nerves completely out of whack, pleasure going right off the rails. He bites at the meat of his forearm, not trying to stifle his groan but needing some extra way to let everything rattling around inside him out.He hears Steve asking him something but he hasn't got a clue what. It's the same thing every single time he gets Steve to do something Captain fucking Americ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Spanking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

