Work Text:
Clichés tend to have some measure of truth in them, and the one clinging like a burr to the inside of Steve's head was the more things change, the more they stay the same. Tony's garage was home to a car from nearly every era, the smooth curves of a classic Austin-Healey sitting proudly between a sleek modern Audi and the reengineered Flathead roadster, each one as different as the year they'd been built.But as much as cars had changed, Steve's love of them remained, and his fascination-from-afar with technology's advances steadily shifted into a particular, slightly embarrassing sort of appreciation.He blamed Tony."And this one here," Tony said, pointing at an insignificant looking thingamajig, "along with about seven hundred and fifteen others, ensures I don't look like I'm trying to pull off a really crappy robot dance."Crouched at Tony's side, Steve squinted at the dozen of tiny parts, trying to puzzle out exactly which one Tony meant. "I'm not sure I even know what that is.""What, the Robot? That street popper on the Boulevard-""No, not that," Steve said, rapping a knuckle on the shiny red plates opened up on Tony's thigh. "This.""Oh, that." Tony waved a hand. "That's sheer genius. Pretty much all you need to know."Steve's hand lingered a little too long under paper-thin pretences. He snatched his fingers out of the way just in time as armoured plates shifted back into place. A quick upward glance revealed Tony's unapologetic grin, the corner of it caught between straight white teeth.As Steve straightened up, it melted into a silver-screen smile, heavy-lidded and utterly salacious. Tony's arms draped heavily over his shoulders, metal-plated fingers gliding smoothly through the short hair at his nape. "So," Tony said. "Ready to take me for a ride?"Snorting out a small laugh, Steve settled his hands low on Tony's hips. The suit's smooth curves, the dozens and dozens of metal plates that allowed Tony to move so easily, flowed almost seamlessly beneath his palms. His fingertips found a ridge and followed it down to the slow rise of metal moulded perhaps a little too accurately over Tony's ass.Tony rocked up onto his toes, sending Steve's hands skidding a little further down as he said, "I love it when you grope my suit. Gives me this warm tingly feeling." He wriggled a hand between them, armoured fingers digging into Steve's gut and then splaying wide, slipping low and cupping Steve's cock with that bold and shameless glint in his eyes. "Right here."A wry quirk to his mouth, Steve said, "I thought you were going to show me what it's like to fly.""I can so do that right here," Tony said, and lewdly licked his bottom lip.Rolling his eyes and steadfastly ignoring a tiny twitch of interest, Steve gave Tony's hip a solid pat and went to haul on his gloves. It wouldn't do to encourage Tony's cheesier inclinations any more than feeding him the occasional line (which amazingly enough Tony still believed to be completely accidental). His outfit felt a little strange without the weight of a mail shirt but it would provide decent enough protection from the biting wind."Earmuffs?" Tony said, a bright red fuzzy pair dangling from the tip of one finger. "If you give me five minutes, I can even put little wings on them."Both brows lifted high, Steve tugged his cowl a little further up, tucking the lining over his ears. "How long have you been waiting for a chance to pull those out?""April." Tony tossed the earmuffs aside with a sigh. "They were going to be a Christmas present. I got a little ahead of myself. It happens." He tilted his head a fraction to the side as one of the bots helped to fit his helmet in place, the faceplate clanking down a second later. "Five seconds to lift-off, Captain," he said, his voice instantly shifting to a familiar metallic echo as his eyes flickered to bright reactor blue.Forcing the hitch out of his breath, Steve went to stand by Tony's side. The suit's sleek lines didn't offer much in the way of a handhold. "How do we do this?""With wild and crazy abandon," Tony said, and grabbed him around the waist to yank him close like a black and white picture hero. "Hold on tight. I'll need my arms free to stabilise us at first."Steve sized up the skyport cut straight up through all three levels of Tony's designer home. Tony's chin lifted, Steve's imagination filling in the lopsided grin hidden beneath it, and a low shivery laugh burrowed its way under Steve's skin as he looped his arms around Tony's neck."Nice." Tony's hands slid slowly up over Steve's back. "Now, how about a kiss to christen the maiden voyage?""You've flown this suit a dozen times before, Tony," Steve said, but still leaned down to give it. A moment later, when Tony's face remained hidden and a strange, giddy tingling started up in his gut, so much like the first time they had kissed, he pressed parted lips to the suit's hard-edged mouth. He cupped the back of Tony's head in one palm as if it were a real kiss, as if he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Costume Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

