Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"You are on mDate?""Yes," Emma says, cocking her hip and leaning forward so he can see a dangerous amount of cleavage. She's wearing the white lacy camisole again, the one that Erik feels is highly inappropriate for his Campaign Advisor cum Office Director. But if he's learned anything by now, it's never to critique Emma's clothing. So instead he focuses back on her face and asks again. "Seriously, you? Online dating?""Don't knock it. Lots of people meet online these days. It's a good way to weed out all the creeps without taking the time to meet them in person. And, anyway, I like the attention.""I'm afraid to ask what your profile picture looks like."Emma smiles. "I'll show it to you if you make an account.""No way.""Come on, you don't have to put your face up or anything. Just use it to search around a little, think about dating again. Baby steps." She's getting a dangerous look; the one she normally only gets when she's talking about party strategy. "Look, let me login, you can borrow my account and try it out." She elbows him out of the way and pulls his keyboard closer, quickly typing in the address."Emma," he grumbles, trying to get the keyboard back. She swats his hands away and takes over the mouse as well."See, you can limit the search to only Genoshans, or even people within a certain mile radius. There’re all kinds of filters too, like body type, interests, powers… gender," she adds, quirking an eyebrow slightly. "Maybe you can find someone on the electromagnetic spectrum.""Is your screen name seriously 'Cold_as_Ice'?""Hey now, I may only have one schtick, but it works for me."Erik sighs. "Why are you pushing this so hard?"Emma tilts her head at him. "You know why, you've seen the same poll numbers I have. Our base is the most radical ward in Genosha, and even they're starting to wonder who they elected.""I still have a ten-point lead on any hypothetical challengers.""For now. But your hardline stance is squeezing out all the independents. Not because they disagree with your message, but because they're afraid you're not all there." She taps a finger to her forehead to illustrate."And joining a dating website it supposed to convince people of my sanity?""No," Emma says, speaking slowly like he's being exceptionally stupid. "Dating will, preferably seriously. It'll soften your image. You need to look more stable and settled, more of a family man and less like a crazy preacher waving your End is Nigh sign."“Preacher?” he asks.“You know what I mean. You’re the Nostradamus of Genosha, the sky is always falling, the UN is always on the verge of invasion, humanity is always conspiring against us.”“Those are perfectly rational—they are conspiring against us! The only thing the Security Council as a whole can agree on is how much they hate mutants.”“I know, dear,” Emma says, giving him a pitying look as she starts entering a new search. “All the more reason for you to find a pretty wife and start popping out the next generation of mutant soldiers to guard our vulnerable shores.”______________Emma leaves eventually, as she actually has work to do that doesn’t involve harassing Erik about his love life. He's determined to forget that the entire conversation had ever happened, but unfortunately the most pressing thing on his plate right now is an incredibly boring piece of legislation from his Teleportation Subcommittee. It’s actually a somewhat important bill since the current licensing laws are woefully inadequate, as demonstrated by a recent debacle in which an eleven-year-old teleporter in Ward Four had stranded his entire elementary class on the roof of a twenty-story building after his friends had dared him to move their school bus. Erik had actually helped introduce the bill after the Bilocational Alliance for Mutant Freedom had approached him. Not that this personal investment makes it any easier for him to get through the deadly dull model legislation they'd drafted. Erik’s tolerance for legalese has improved somewhat over the past two years, but he still has his limits.He also seems to possess a surprisingly strong curiosity about the love notes Emma sends over mDate. After about twenty minutes and one careful check that Emma is otherwise occupied yelling at the interns, he reopens his browser window and starts shamelessly snooping in her inbox. As it turns out, most of her messages are of a shockingly pornographic nature, to the point where Erik finds himself blushing and wondering how closely the Assembly IT department monitors their internet traffic.Out of self-preservation he starts browsing profiles instead, only to find that those aren’t particularly work-appropriate either. Not that there’s any real nudity—there must be some decency rules in place—but there’s certainly a lot of mutant flesh on display, and some surprisingly frank statements about how to see more of it.Out of shock more than anything else he ends up clicking on one of the more provocative pictures
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Politics
Genosha
what political system is this anyway
Mutant Politics
Canon Disabled Character
Online Dating
Background Darwin/Alex
gay mutant West Wing
Finished WIP

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

