Work Text:
It starts off innocent enough. These things usually do. 
The early morning slap to Bucky’s ass as he leaned over the counter begging the coffee maker to brew faster doesn’t really make him think anything other than Steve Rogers is an asshole who isn’t considerate enough to wait for him to have his morning coffee. Bucky grunts in response and maybe grumbles something about Steve being an ass, and Steve smirks -- bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. 
Funny thing is, Bucky used to be the morning person. Not that he particularly enjoyed getting up early. But after a stretch and a yawn and sometimes a few morning strokes, he’d get out of bed and just get the day started while Steve would huff and gripe -- sometimes until Bucky would literally toss him over his shoulder to get him up. It’s the total opposite now, and there’re times Bucky finds himself over Steve’s shoulder. How the tides of turned. No one ever said war and supersoldier serums and brainwashing wouldn’t change a few things. 
“Morning, sunshine,” Steve says cheerfully when Bucky ambles over to the kitchen table with his trusty ‘I-heart-NY’ mug filled with coffee and about a pound of sugar added to it. “Sleep well?”
Bucky plops down and first takes the last strip of bacon on Steve’s plate and stuffing it in his mouth. He ignores the look on Steve’s face. 
“Okay,” he answers with his mouth full. “What’re we doing again today?” 
“Uh, tactical meeting in an hour.”
Bucky groans. Tactical meetings -- any kinds of meetings really -- are the worst. In theory, they should take about an hour. In reality, they take at least three. In Bucky’s opinion, they feel like six. 
“Can’t we just skip it?” Steve just shrugs to that and then rises from the table to bring the rest of the dishes to the sink. “Is that… a yes?” 
Doubtful. Steve never lets them skip out on meetings even though he was the little scrap that used’ta leave early when they were in school together. 
“No,” Steve replies, just like Bucky suspected. But then Steve turns, and that’s when Bucky catches the sparkle in his eyes and the smirk on his mouth. “We’re going to the meeting.”
No one else would notice it. Or, if they did, they’d attribute it to Captain America’s wholesome and happy attitude. But… that’s all Bucky needs to see to know that slap from early wasn’t as innocent as it seemed. 
Bucky normally sleeps with his eyes open during meetings. Not today. Today, he’s way too on edge. Steve hasn’t said or done anything unusual, but Bucky can always tell when he’s in a mischevious and frisky mood. And that look he gave him back at home said it all. Which means, when Steve’s hand comes to rest on his thigh, every muscle in Bucky’s body pulls taut. 
Still innocent but… Steve just leaves his hand there and Bucky knows, damn it, he knows that Steve is fucking with him. Even though his expression has remained neutral and all he does is casually gives Bucky’s thigh a soft rub every now and then. That doesn’t stop the air from getting too hot and Bucky’s heart from pounding and by the time the six hours -- three, but it still feels like six to Bucky -- are over, Bucky’s hard as a rock. 
“What’s wrong?” Steve asks when Bucky throws himself into the elevator. 
He needs to get home. Fast. Now. Yesterday. And Steve, the little shit, is still watching him with that too pure look of his. 
“You know what’s wrong, Steve,” he grunts. 
That smirk dances on Steve’s lips again. “I do?”
Stepping up closer, Steve backs Bucky into the corner and slams his mouth into his. The second he grinds against him, Bucky is whimpering. Instead of having the elevator take them down so they can go home, Steve asks JARVIS to bring them to their suite right here in the Tower. Fucked if Bucky cares. He just needs to get off and get off fast. 
When the doors open, Steve grabs Bucky by the front of his shirt to pull him out with him, leaving their lips together as he goes on to palm the bulge trying so hard to get out of Bucky’s pants. Steve drags him to the bedroom and shoves him down on the bed. Bucky’s already pulling his clothes off cause if he doesn’t get Steve all over him now he might burst. But Steve… Steve just stands there once Bucky is naked. 
“What…” Oh… this isn’t good. “What’re you doing?”
“Lay back,” Steve murmurs. “And just relax. We’re gonna have some fun.”
Which usually translates to Bucky begging and pleading and sobbing while Steve keeps the glorious torture going more and more. 
Bucky whimpers, but lays down for Steve anyway and doesn’t argue when Steve pulls out the ropes. Asgardian made. A chill runs down Bucky’s spine. If Steve is bringing that out, it means whatever he has planned is going to have Bucky tugging long and hard and Steve doesn’t want him to break out like he can with other restraints. It also means that whatever Steve has in mind is something that’s going to make it impossible for Bucky to keep from not breaking them. 
Once Steve gets Bucky’s wrists tied to the bed, he knots the rope around his ank
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Aneros
Toys
Light Bondage
Teasing
Orgasm Denial
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Begging

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

