Chapter 1: Guitar Song
    




Chapter Text
Equilibrium
Chapter 1: Guitar Song
The cold, gray skyline of New York loomed out the windows of the common room as Darcy settled the old wooden guitar in her lap, her legs neatly folded on the soft leather couch.  Days like this, a light rain pattering against the towering windows, that moment when summer was well and truly over, the leaves turning brilliant colors and fluttering to the ground, days like this were the hardest.  She settled her hands over the cold strings, her left hand curled around the solid wood of the well-worn fretboard, the body of the guitar soft from hundreds of hours of being touched, polish worn dull.  She could almost feel her mother’s hands ghosted over her’s, strong hands with long graceful fingers, holding Darcy’s as she showed her daughter how to curl her fingers into the notes.
Darcy hit the play button on the well-loved iPod, thank you Agent iPod Thief, the deep smoky voice of Sharleen Spiteri cutting through the silence of the empty tower, as she let her hands begin to wonder across the stings, thankful for the earbuds that concealed the flat notes of the old guitar that was in serious need of tuning, the strings frayed and too loose, strings she couldn’t bear to replace, and wouldn’t tighten.
A soft ping in her ear alerted her to the presence of the only other occupant of the tower.  The dark figure reflected in the floor to ceiling windows was no surprise, he wasn’t trying to hide, not that Friday would let him.  He couched in plain view on the upper level, decked out in full gear, his lower face covered in his black mask.  Hiding in plain sight.
Tony had been nervous about leaving Darcy along with him.  “Darcy, sweetheart, he’s not right,” Tony pinched the bridge of this nose.  “I don’t like that the Cap is leaving him here in the first place.”
“Friday’s keeping an eye on him,” She said, coolly.  Darcy rolled her eyes, Tony had known about her for five minutes, and already he was trying to pull this concerned dad bullshit on her.  “Steve wouldn’t leave him here alone with me if he thought he’d hurt me.”
“Cap’s stupid when it comes to this guy,” Tony told her.  “He could level a city block, and he’d bring him home, he’s like a dog that’s been hit too much, you don’t know what little thing’ll set him off.”
“I won’t do anything stupid.”  Tony left it at that, but set up for Friday to ping Darcy’s earbuds anytime he drifted into her vicinity.Darcy wasn’t going to let his presence ruin her ‘me’ time.  The sad strains of the guitar helped her drift into her own mind, the cold dark presence at her back, his icy gaze tripping against the back of her skull, faded into nothing as her mind wondered to days in her old house, sitting on the old thrift store couch in front of a warm fire, singing the rain away.
The Soldier slowly came down the metal steps of the common room, the earbuds blocked out all sound, but she doubted that he made any.  She took a deep breath and closed her eyes as the couch dipped on one side, and she felt him cross his legs, always at attention.
Darcy let her voice drift in and around the beautiful refrain as her fingers danced over the worn strings, careful not to strum too hard.  When she opened her eyes an hour later, the fearsome Winter Soldier was fast asleep, his mask dangling from his fingers.  She pulled the soft, thick afghan from the back of the couch, and tucked him in, before padding over to the kitchen to put a pot on to boil.
It was a week before he said anything.  He’d drift into the common room whenever Darcy was there, padding quietly to the couch, sitting on the opposite end, and curling up.  He’d watch whatever she put on the television, or listen to her play the old guitar, the end result was always her pulling the blanket down around him while he slept quietly.  She wondered if he ever slept at night.  
She had Pirates of the Caribbean on the big screen, her feet up on the coffee table, when the soft ping sounded.
“Worried I’ll jump out and say ‘boo,’ Doll?”  His voice was deep and gravelly from disuse, and his face was as cold and stoic as ever, but the words themselves had a hint of self-depreciating teasing.
“You don’t scare me,” She smiled at him and patted the sofa.  “Pull up a cushion, Soldier, this is a classic.”
“I’m not a soldier,” he said quietly, but sat down on his side of the couch and looked toward the big screen.
“I don’t know what to call you,” Darcy said to the screen, watching Captain Jack Sparrow ride his ever sinking ship into the harbor.
“Steve calls me Bucky,” he shrugged.
“Is that what you want me to call you?”  She peeked over to him, his legs were curled up on the couch, and he had his arms around his knees, the servos in his metal arm were spinning a whirling, like he couldn’t hold still.
“James,” he said.
“Okay, James,” Darcy said, listening to his arm settle down.  She filed away his tell, and smiled at him.  “You’re in for a treat; this is one of my favorite movies.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Artist Steve Rogers
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

