Work Text:
Steve Rogers shivered in his chair, toeing his foot nervously against the smooth, grey carpeting. The air conditioning was turned up far too high, even for someone with extraordinary cold tolerance, even for the sticky-hot summer in New York City, hotter and more humid than any summer he remembered from boyhood. The flatscreens recessed into the chrome walls were all displaying different video clips, clips of colorful cartoons and fast-paced action films, and the cacophony of music and voices made it difficult even for him to concentrate. His throat was dry, but he didn’t dare ask for a cup of water; he got the sense that the woman at the desk didn’t like him very much. He had been tapping his fingers against the portfolio he was holding across his knees, until she'd shot him a glare, and now he was sitting as stiffly and as uncomfortably as possible. The chair was too small for him—all chairs were, really—and he felt bunched up and a little cramped. The door in front of him slid open with a breezy, popping sound, startling him a little, and a tall redhead, with bright orange freckles smattered over her cheeks, strode into the room. “Mr. Rogers?” She asked, raising one pale orange eyebrow. She gave him a sort of quizzical look, as if he wasn’t what she was expecting. Tall on her own, her heels were impossibly high, and when Steve stood to shake her hand, she came to his full height— unusual for men, even rarer for women. He rubbed his palm on his slacks— his hands were clammy from the nerves— and gripped her hand firmly. “Welcome to Timely Comics. I'm Pepper Potts,” she said. “I—”“I know who you are,” he answered, his heart skipping a beat, and he had to remind himself not to gape. “I mean, ah. Your run on Midnight Racer was fantastic. Top-notch. Ah— It’s an honor to meet you, Miss Potts.”“It’s Pepper, please,” Miss Potts—Pepper— said, cheerfully. “And that's what I like to hear,” she said cheerfully. “I loved your portfolio.”Steve felt himself go breathless for a moment. “You saw my portfolio?” he asked, his voice uncharacteristically raspy. “I did,” Pepper answered eagerly. “Very retro, so classic;  You’ve got this kind of early-Caniff-thing going on with your inks. Like, early Terry, before he got more into brushwork.”Steve tried not to gape. “You really think so?”   He chuckled, a little nervously, and ran his hand through his hair. “I grew up on that old stuff,” he explained.“Good,” Pepper said, nodding enthusiastically. “Not too many people even bother with it anymore; I can't blame them, it's sometimes a little hokey, but... it's where we come from, you know?”“Yeah,” Steve agreed with a laugh. Pepper had no idea how close to the truth she was. “Yeah, I do.”He glanced around, unsure what came next; he had assumed he'd be meeting with an editor, not a writer, and certainly not with the formidable Pepper Potts herself. “I, ah. I met you once,” he admitted. “You did?” Pepper asked interestedly. “At New York Comic-Con, this year,” Steve explained, suddenly wondering if he was coming off as too giddy. His hands felt hot; he was shifting on the balls of his feet. “You did that panel, on, uh—”  “Not the Diversity in Comics one, I hope,” Pepper said, rolling her eyes. “Oh, no, no,” Steve said, feeling faintly embarrassed. “I mean, I went to that one, too, but…”“Someone needed to shove a sock down J. Jonah Jameson’s throat?”  She tossed her red hair over her shoulder; it fell in a curtain of glimmering copper. Steve snorted. “Only after about the fifteenth time he said ‘menace?’”Pepper chortled. “I get that he’s a titan of publishing, but dear god, someone needs to stop him from talking in public.”  “Ah—”  Steve nodded. “Yes. But, the other panel.”  He swallowed, trying to regain his composure, certain his cheeks must be pink at this point. “The one on, uh, breaking into comics. That one.”“Oh!” Pepper exclaimed, looking relieved. “Yes, that one was much—”  She frowned, and squinted at him. “Are you the guy who asked the question about making a career change?”  “Yes!” Steve said, feeling relief wash over him. “That’s exactly it.” “I remember you,” she said cheerfully. “I was gonna say, when we saw your work, I couldn’t believe you’d come out of nowhere— I haven’t seen you at cons, haven’t seen you online— someone would have picked up stuff this good before now. What were you doing before this?” Steve shrugged. “Ah. I was in the service.” “Yeah?” Pepper asked interestedly, and she gave him a considering look, as if she were sizing him up. “What branch?” “Army,” he answered easily, on firmer ground with the truth. “Served three years, got wounded, discharged, decided I wanted to try something different.” “Oh, that explains your—”  Pepper grinned. “You see so many guys who come through here, they have no idea how to draw guns. They’re too big, they have handles, who knows. Your stuff...it looks authentic. Your combat scenes, too. There’s something visceral about them. I figured maybe you had good referen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Fluff
Humor
Angst
Minor Hurt/Comfort Elements
Canon-Typical Violence
Silver Age
Modern Era
Alternate Universe -- Minor Canon Divergence for Plot Purposes
Mild Injury
Mild Unconsciousness
Knockout Gas
Comics Nerdery

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

