Work Text:
November 03, 1943Outside LeningradThe room was dim. Not dark; nurses needed to be able to move from bed to bed with ease. A field hospital never saw anything darker than a sort of twilight glow. Every now and then someone would groan, but other than that, silence prevailed. Steve's fingers ran over the curved edge of his shield as he leaned back against a wall, keeping watch for any sort of disturbance.Keeping watch for Her.Everyone knew about her, the Lady that came at night. They spoke about her in whispers, when they did at all, grown men embarrassed to be talking about boogymen. From the lowest private to the top brass, they all knew her, though no one would admit it. Even when Captain America had been briefed, it was in hushed tones, the Major's eyes daring Steve to call him insane while he explained. Seventeen patients who should have lived, dead overnight. Two gone missing altogether. Many, many more men who might have made it, also gone. The numbers were staggering, far off from what they should have been. And the only link between the deaths was sightings of a woman, dressed all in white. Bullets didn't touch her, and the only man who had been able to lay a hand on her had been found the next night in the roof rafters with his head half removed.It wasn't the sort of assignment Steve was used to being called in for. Leningrad was still under siege only miles away, and there was plenty of work for him on the front, even though they'd gotten supplies through. Three nights of bare-bones guard duty had him itching for real work. He was starting to think that whatever was going on was something in the water. He could have been put to better use closer to the action, even if he was just waiting for the next set of orders. But things had gotten bad enough that they needed to be stopped, before a spook turned into a bigger problem. The winter was deadly enough without men shooting at shadows.None of the nurses looked up, not even when the winter wind blew cold air directly over their desks. She glided; sending her hips rolling in ways that Steve wasn't completely comfortable with. Every step sent her dress fluttering behind her, like something from a dime store romance. She wasn't really dressed in white, but the blue was so pale that it could have been, next to her golden skin and dark hair. The dress wasn't made for the harsh winter, being too thin and short-sleeved. The woman should have been frozen blue with cold, but she moved as if she were on a California beach in June.She turned her head and met his eyes through the shadows. Her eyes were light brown, almost amber, and as completely emotionless as a doll's. He couldn't move. Even breathing took thought. It was like being a mouse caught in a snake's gaze. If he tried to escape, she'd strike."Good evening, Captain." Low, warm tones rolled over his skin in silky smooth French. "They told me you would be here. Stay there, will you? I'll be only a moment, and then you may raise the alarm and collect the leftovers."Steve forced himself to step forward, though every instinct in him said run. It was like wading through a fast-flowing river, every footstep slow as unacknowledged fear tried to drag him off balance. He gripped his shield so tight that the leather straps were cutting off the feeling in his fingers. "No one's dying tonight."She smiled, sweet and innocent, reminding him of Gail for a fleeting moment before he saw the sharp teeth that glittered against her painted lips. Her eyeteeth weren't much longer than normal, not long enough to look unnatural, but they had the same evil glitter as the edge of a knife. "I am Death, Captain. I will take whomever I wish this night. You cannot stop me.""Bet your life?"Her smile turned to a snarl, a hiss like steam escaping her. He didn't get another warning before she launched herself over the sickbeds. Steve crouched down, lifting his shield overhead and bracing for the impact. She came down onto its face with enough force that his shoulders almost gave way and trapped him under her. He gathered his knees under him and heaved, tossing her into the wall with a sickening crunch of broken bones as she dropped to the floor.By now, nurses and patients were waking up from their stupor, screaming in terror, shouts of gospodi pomilui ringing in the rafters. The ones who could move were scrambling out of their beds, while the ones who were trapped did their best to take cover, or to help those who needed it. Nurses were flashes of movement in his peripheral vision as they scuttled around, some of them bodily lifting patients from their beds. Other than taking note of them as obstacles to avoid, Steve ignored them.The woman pulled herself to her feet, limping on broken legs. Steve kept his eyes firmly on her as he stepped forward, shield raised. Blood matted her hair to her forehead and ran into her eyes. Her fingers left gouges in the wall where she clung. "That almost hurt." Confusion lifted her voice, making
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
OFC/OFC

freeform: 
Vampires
Torture
holy shit what's happened to Tony?

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
OFC/OFC

