Work Text:
"My brother has always been… lost," big, blond and muscular is saying when Tony enters the conference room. "Untethered."Tony ignores the faint sting of that, how familiar it feels, and says, "Aren't we all."Everybody in the room startles and turns towards him. There is big, blond and muscular, Nathalie- pardon, Natasha, SHIELD Agent Clint Barton, Dr. Bruce Banner, big, blond and muscular version two (Tony feels a vicious satisfaction at demoting Captain America merely to second place), and of course Fury. Tony smiles sweetly. "Nicky, I'm so disappointed. You're having a party and didn't invite me."Fury scowls, displeased but not surprised – topside they probably already told him that Tony landed aboard. "What are you doing here, Stark?" he bellows as Tony strides into the room as if he owns it.Tony rolls his eyes. "When will you learn that it's pointless trying to keep me from the action?"One visible eye narrowed, Fury snaps a helpless threat. "Sooner or later we'll catch you in the act.""You mean you will try," Tony condescends, dropping into a chair and putting his feet on the table with perfect insolence. "As you've been trying for the past what, two years?""What's going on?" big, blond and muscular version two asks with confusion.Fury sighs and rubs his forehead, resigning. "This is Tony Stark aka Iron Man. Apparently he's now part of the team."Tony smiles angelically. He has absolutely no interest in being part of a team, but he has even less interest in letting Fury forbid him from anything. "Such a pleasure to meet you all.""It's a pleasure," big, blond and muscular version two says tentatively, dubiously glancing back and forth between Tony and Fury. "I'm-""I know who you are," Tony interrupts. "And you, and you, and you," he continues, nodding at Natasha, Fury and Hill. "You, not really, but I don't care." He nods at Barton. SHIELD agent, Tony doesn't expect much there, no matter how brilliant at shooting. "And of course you, Dr. Banner. I read your work on anti-electron collisions, it was breathtaking, and I must say, I'm a big fan of how you turn into a huge green rage monster."Embarrassed, Banner ducks his head, glancing around the room as if he's worried anybody's going to be surprised and judge him for the Hulk thing. "Uh, thanks."Tony smiles at him, considerably more honest than any of his previous smiles, but it turns fake again when he turns to the last guy of the round. "You only showed up an hour ago. Thor, was it?"Big, blond and muscular nods. "I am Thor Odinson of Asgard.""And the guy you put in a glass cage is your brother? And I gotta say, rarely have I encountered something so beautifully metaphorical, and so breathtakingly ironic considering how completely unaware you seem of the irony." Of course, with that he's referring to Fury and SHIELD, not Thor, he has no idea about Thor's circumstances. He's not impressed by Thor letting this glass cage thing happen, though."That is my brother, yes," Thor says after a moment of hesitation during which he tries to detangle Tony's sentence. Tony is used to that sort of thing."Sweet. So why did you lock him up? Just because he messed New Mexico up a little? Because there's some other people who've done that and I don't see them locked in a literal glass cage." Tony just can't get over that thing. He'd known of it before, of course, but seeing a person actually in there apparently changes things a lot. Part of him finds it funny, the irony of it, but something about seeing the guy in there makes his hackles rise."My brother is dangerous," Thor says earnestly.He doesn't look like it. Tony has seen the security footage; the guy looks like an animal in a cage, walking in circles, eyes hunted. In addition to the complete exhaustion on his face it looks less like a reasonable precaution and more like cruel paranoia. It makes Tony's teeth grate, he doesn't know why, but the image of the guy in the cage was the last drop; it's why he put on the suit and joined the party."Right, so are the rest of us. Apart from hearsay, Nicky, what do you have?""How about a destroyed town in New Mexico?" Fury asks sweetly."The town where nobody died?" Tony returns, just as sweet. "Some property damage, a couple of injuries mostly resulting from people fleeing recklessly. Same with your cute little base, and that's entirely your fault for trying to capture the guy." Only Thor's arrival had allowed SHIELD to actually capture him. Tony isn't sure what he thinks of Thor yet, but putting his brother in that cage… really doesn't reflect well on him."Seven of my agents are in intensive care," Fury grinds out."And yet, they'll pull through." Tony abruptly sits up. "You know what, I'm obviously not getting any answers from you, I'll ask the guy himself.""You should not-" Thor says, alarmed, but Tony is already off. The others scramble to follow him, he's well aware, so he keeps a brisk pace."You should be careful," big, blond and muscular version two says, voice tigh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Sentinel/Guide
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Bonding
Love at First Sight
Alternate Universe
Possessive Behavior
Tony won't take no shit from anyone

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

