Work Text:
He doesn't recognise Steve. He smiles woodenly and speaks with a soft accent, like he learned English watching movies, and he signs the papers Coulson gives him (green card application? Steve isn't sure how that works in the future) with his left hand, and he doesn't recognise Steve.~'This is not my fault,' Tony lies. 'It was supposed to be a joke! Christ.''Thanks to your joke,' says Coulson, 'we now have a code three-four-delta, with the variable being a Russian immigrant. We're checking his background right now, but it might take a while. Meanwhile, I suggest you civilian-proof the Tower. If any SHIELD intelligence is compromised, I will hurt you.'Tony takes a step back.'I can just move back to Brooklyn,' Steve says. 'We don't have to stay at the Tower.'Coulson smiles. 'That won't be necessary, Cap. No concessions on your end should be required. Mr Stark and I will do everything in our power to make your honeymoon as smooth and enjoyable as possible.' He gives Tony a meaningful look, and the threat in his voice is pretty obvious.~'So you work for the government,' prompts the man who is not Bucky, whose visa identifies him as Dmitri Nikolayevich Zimin, who only smiled crookedly when eight complete strangers nearly broke their tongues trying to pronounce that. 'That's pretty cool.'They're at Starbucks, the one Steve always passes on his way from the Tower to HQ. It's the most awkward date of Steve's life, and that's saying something: he's got a lot of awkward dates under his belt. Is it even normal to have a date after you're married? But the team decided since this guy travelled all the way from Moscow to make an honest man out of Steve, the two of them should at least give it a try.Steve doesn't even know where to start. His conversation points are kind of limited to: you do realise this marriage is a practical joke, and you bear a striking resemblance to my best friend, who died in 1944.'It pays the bills. So to speak,' he says instead.There are probably undercover SHIELD agents stationed all over the place, undoubtedly authorised to shoot to kill if Steve lets slip any secrets, like for example oh, hey, did I mention I'm Captain America. But Steve is pretty good at keeping secrets: he managed to convince everyone that the shock, the solid five minutes he spent staring at his-name-is-not-Bucky in mute disbelief, it was all because, well. Mail-order spouses, goodness gracious. And if Steve is pretty good at keeping secrets, then he's amazing at playing the 'dumb 40s guy' card.'What did you do back in Russia?' he asks, trying not to look like he's hiding behind his cup of coffee. 'Before — I mean, how did you — I mean…''You're asking how I ended up here,' his-name-is— Dmitri says. He shrugs with his right shoulder. 'I'm not even sure any more. I wanted to get out of the country.''By getting married to a stranger?'Dmitri shrugs again. 'You seem like a good guy.'Steve drops his eyes to his coffee.~He doesn't know what makes him take Dmitri to Brooklyn on that first day, and then to Coney Island. The whole time he's looking for a spark of recognition, anything, anything at all. He's out of luck on that front. Dmitri takes it all in, impressed but blank, somehow. He doesn't talk like Bucky and he doesn't laugh like Bucky, but the shadows in his eyes are the same.Steve watches him like a revelation or a cypher, but he thinks he manages to be subtle about it. Dmitri doesn't move like Bucky, but there's something familiar about it anyway. A scarcity of gesture, a sharpness, like he's calculating each move, each step, without even thinking about it. He reminds Steve of Natasha, of all people. Everything about Dmitri seems careful. Measured.But when he smiles — and all his smiles are small, lopsided — he's honest, Steve knows. He can tell.~'There's a spare bedroom,' Steve says that first evening, when they're back from Coney Island and trying to get warm again. 'I'll help you set it up.'Dmitri snorts. 'Yeah, no, that's not how it works.' He shrugs out of his coat and curls his fingers in the front of Steve's hoodie, and pulls Steve to the bedroom, and kicks the door closed.It's probably the most morally dodgy thing Steve has ever done in his entire life, but he doesn't say no. He doesn't say no, because a part of him is half-convinced this isn't even really happening. How could it? Bucky is dead, has been for almost seventy years, and this man who is not Bucky must be just a figment of Steve's broken, grieving mind.Except it sure as hell feels real.~He wakes up alone, but when he steps out of the bedroom Dmitri is sitting cross-legged on the couch, hunched over an enormous mug of coffee.'Hey,' he says. He lifts his right hand in a mock-salute.'Hi,' says Steve, trying to breathe.~When Steve walks into the briefing room that morning, there's a moment of stunned silence from everyone at the table.'Wow,' Bruce says, trying to hide his smile.'This is it,' says Tony. 'I'm done. I am officially done, nothing wil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

