Work Text:
Sam glanced down at his tablet. His weary expression suggested that he'd already had a hell of a day and he wanted to get through this with the minimum amount of fuss, but he didn't think that was going to happen. "Okay. Reception at the Latverian embassy. Tony, you need to go and play nice with Victor von Doom. Get those plans."
Tony squinted at him. "How nice?"
"You know. Nice." Sam waved a hand; behind him, Redwing chirped. "Be your charming self."
Tony had an uncomfortable feeling about where this was going. "Hey, hey, just because the world thinks I'm--" He stopped because he couldn't really find an adjective he wanted to brand himself with and he wasn't willing to say a man-whore at a team meeting given that most of the rest of the team had an average age of, like, twelve. "Anyway. I didn't join up to be the Avengers honeytrap. Jesus Christ, Sam."
Sam sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "No one's saying you have to sleep with him."
Miles' hands came up and covered his ears. "I think I'm too young to hear this."
"I am definitely too young to hear this," Sam -- Nova, the other Sam -- said.
Kamala wrinkled her nose. "I don't ship it."
Tony made a mental note to add a few more fanfiction pairings to his personal killfiles because there were some things he just really didn't want to know.
"Look," Sam said. "All you have to do is charm him. Smile. Put on a suit. We all know you clean up real nice, Tony."
Tony let his eyes widen. "Why, Captain America, I never."
Sam snorted. "Yeah, yeah. Save the flirting for the former Captain America."
"What?" He felt like maybe something was going over his head here. "What the hell does that mean?"
Sam smirked. "I'll tell you when you're older."
Tony glared. "Okay. Fine. I'll have a lovely night slow-dancing with Victor, and my nonexistent boyfriend Steve will be so terribly jealous."
His life was ridiculous.
"Mr. Stark!" Doom said, with an incredibly handsome smile on his incredibly handsome face. "What a pleasure to see you!"
Someone who wasn't Tony could probably have written odes about the glorious, unearthly beauty of Doom's new face. Tony being Tony, the best he could come up with was "hot," and it was probably better to stop that train of thought right there before Tony's uncomfortable and inappropriate feelings turned into uncomfortable and inappropriate feelings in his pants. Tony had done enough humiliating Latveria-related things in public to be able to rank them: a hard-on at the Latverian embassy was clearly better than, say, that time Tony never, ever wanted to talk about again, when Wanda had magicked him into being drunk at the UN and he'd threatened to kill the Latverian ambassador. On live television. Just because this was better than that only meant that that had been fucking awful.
It didn't mean this was a good idea.
Doom held out his hand.
Tony shook Doom's hand and smiled.
"I had no idea you cared so much about the plight of starving Latverian children, Stark," Doom continued smoothly, because he was, of course, still an asshole; with him it wasn't so much a backhanded compliment as a backhanded everything.
Tony bit back the automatic retort I was pretty sure you didn't either, you maniac dictator, gritted his teeth and kept smiling. This was his job. Tony Stark: greasemonkey, cash-strapped Avenger, and professional liar.
Come to think of it, he hadn't thought Doom had the dictator job back. Maybe the money he was raising was to put down the rebellion.
"Of course I care about children. I think you'd be surprised what else I care about, though," Tony returned. He stepped in a little, let the smile tilt up, sharp at the edges. "What will it take for you to call me Tony?"
Saying it made him want to peel off his skin, because his entire body appeared to think this was a Very Good Idea even as his brain actually still had some sense left in it. He paused, waiting for a sneer, another riposte, a cruel barb.
But Doom's smile was unexpectedly earnest. "Mmm," he breathed, and the sound had an abstracted air, like he was in the middle of some complex calculation. "Let me know if you want to find that out, Stark," he said, and he drifted away.
Tony was left staring, open-mouthed, at the empty space in front of him, and wondering if Victor von Doom was actually hitting on him.
Well.
That was... different.
He didn't usually play wallflower at these kinds of events, but tonight, Tony had a reason for it. He ran a finger around his collar, stepped back toward the edge of the ballroom, and took another look at the crowd; most people were mingling, though there were a few couples dancing next to a string quartet on the far side of the room.
The goal here was to get the plans, and the plans were probably upstairs; he had to find some way to get into the private area of the embassy and do a better scan.
That way was probably going to be Victor von Doom.
And then he nearly squawked, because Doom was at his elbow.
"Are you not enjoying yourself, Stark?"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Victor von Doom
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crack
Jealousy
Espionage
De-Serumed Steve Rogers
All-New All-Different Avengers Vol. 1 (2015)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Victor von Doom
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

