Work Text:
The question was simple enough, and definitely one Steve should have seen coming. But he didn’t, and now he’s wildly unprepared to answer it. It was only a matter of time until Bucky wondered about his orientation. “Steve?” Bucky questions when the silence stretches out too long. “Is that… wrong?” He shakes his head like he’s confused himself. “It… doesn’t feel wrong.”“No, you’re…” Steve takes in a steadying breath which does nothing to calm him. “You’re right. You… you tested submissive. You’re registered. But, Buck, that’s not… that’s not why…”“I know,” Bucky interrupts. “I’m a submissive. That doesn’t mean I didn’t fight against Hydra.” His expression darkens. “Is that what people said? Because I was a registered sub I just…”He doesn’t go on with his question. He doesn’t need to. Steve can remember the first headline that splashed the papers that suggested such a thing. That Bucky had been easily manipulated into the vice grip of the Winter Soldier because of his orientation. Articles that questioned the “liberties” of submissives, yet conveniently left out all the torture and brainwashing and abuse that Bucky suffered at the hands of Hydra for seventy years. Some traditionalists used it as a campaign to reinforce old, long-since-abolished laws that would reduce and restrict submissives to little more than glorified slaves. Steve wasn’t hearing it. Wouldn’t let Bucky’s name -- or the group of people he then represented -- be tarnished by some ludicrous, outdated thinking that subs were too fragile to handle themselves on their own. The Avengers had been in full support of Steve’s rally against it -- as if Steve didn’t already have a full plate tracking down dead ends and dry leads trying to find Bucky. And Tony, as one of the world’s most successful and famous subs, stood in the frontlines to help. As luck would have it, Bucky turned himself in. Began an intense and remarkable recovery. The articles slowly came to a stop. And after two years of hard work and setbacks and relapses, Bucky’s now a welcomed and celebrated Avenger. It’s taken so long and so much perseverance to get this far, and Steve is not going to let some old-fashioned set of thoughts hurt Bucky now. “We took care of it,” Steve says. “You don’t have to worry about what a group of fanatic traditionalists have to say.”Bucky twists his lips and scoots a little bit closer to Steve on the couch. “I… wasn’t. I wasn’t worried about that. I…” He stops and Steve can see the slight flush to his skin. “You were…” Steve’s stomach clenches. “You were… my Dom, Steve. I was your sub. Right?”There’s this nervous, but hopeful grin tugging at the corners of Bucky’s mouth, and Steve’s belly falls to his feet. “Well, yeah… you… were… ” Steve clears his throat. “But now…”The words dry up and shrivel away when Bucky’s face falls. He looks at Steve like Steve’s reached into his chest and crushed his heart. Leaving it between his ribs for him to try to fix and mend himself. “Did you… you terminated our contract?” Bucky’s voice splintered and falls away.That wouldn’t be the most unusual thing. Bucky, as far as Steve and the entire world was concerned, was dead. Death is one sure way to terminate a contract. But that’s not what Bucky’s worried about, at least, Steve doesn’t think so. Contracts cannot be changed without both parties present except in the case of death. All those years ago, they signed a contract to be just with each other -- a monogamous pact.  Steve can see the thoughts running through Bucky’s eyes. Names and faces going through his head. Did Steve terminate their contract so he could sign with someone else? Before letting Bucky’s thoughts get away from him, Steve rests a hand on his shoulder.“No, Buck,” he says. “I didn’t terminate anything.”Eyebrows pulling in, Bucky glances down at his lap. “Then… why…”“Bucky, I don’t think it’s a good idea.”“What’s not a good idea?”Steve pulls his hand back. “It’s just… it can’t be good for you anymore, Bucky. After everything Hydra did to you and all the things they made the Winter Soldier do? I just wouldn’t feel right.”Silence stretches between them for a long time. Longer than Steve is comfortable with, but he can’t bring himself to say a word. Not while Bucky has the chance to play with what Steve’s just said to him. Once again, Steve can see the wheels turning. Bucky’s expression going from confused to blank to… angry.“So am I just supposed to pretend to be something I’m not?” Bucky snaps. “I can’t help who I am, Steve.”“I know that, Bucky, but--”“Is that what you want me to do?” he interrupts. Face burning and breaths starting to back up on him. “Are you… are you mad at me?”“No!” Steve exclaims. “No, baby, I--”“Then what?” Bucky growls. Tears fill his eyes. They don’t spill over, but they’re there. “I’m not just gonna change. You know I… I…”“Bucky, please, please, hear me out,” Steve implores. Takes hold of Bucky’s hands as they curl into tight fists. “I don’t want you to change. I know you ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Alternate Universe - BDSM
mentions of torture
Past Abuse Mention
Fluff and Angst
Love
Explicit Sexual Content
Bondage
Punishment
Blindfolds
Vibrator
Rimming
Anal Sex
crygasm
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Pet Names
Top Steve Rogers
Dom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Sub Bucky Barnes
Subspace
Collars
Spanking
Praise Kink
petting
crawling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

