Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Jane missed the alien invasion.
She was in Norway at the time, and instead of looking at the stars, she was in a basement laboratory getting caught up on someone else’s data. All night. When she came out in the early morning, everyone else was huddled around a television watching news footage from an assortment of weird angles.
She stared at it a while -- her heart nearly stopped when she saw a shot of Thor, hair and cape flying, almost whited out by the lightning strikes around him -- and finally croaked, ‘A wormhole opened up over New York City and nobody told me?’
She came to regret that about ten minutes into the round of apologies for forgetting she was there. Fortunately it petered out as all of them re-glued themselves to the TV. (The best apology was a few minutes later, from the equipment tech who tore herself loose during a segment they’d run earlier and brought Jane a cup of coffee and a banana. Jane almost hugged her.)
It was stupid to be disappointed that Thor hadn’t come to see her. He had been a little busy. It was a bit ridiculous in a different way to be disappointed that she didn’t have any data on the wormhole, even if her voicemail did keep filling up with calls from people who remembered she was interested in them. She very nearly missed the one from Erik Selvig, and very nearly had a heart attack when they finally managed to meet (with a disturbing level of SHIELD-related security) and he told her what had happened to him.
A month later, Jane was still being pestered, but she knew slightly more because Erik had persuaded SHIELD that she was the perfect person to make sense of what wormhole data they actually had. She was staring at a SHIELD computer screen and thinking it was really ungrateful to miss the starlight when she had a wormhole to analyse, when a deep voice from the doorway said, ‘Hello, Jane.’
She spun around so fast the swivel chair nearly went over. ‘Thor!’ It was him, in the flesh -- and armor, and cape, and bright blue eyes. ‘Thor. It’s -- it’s good to see you.’ She looked around. ‘What are you doing here? --Keeping in touch with SHIELD?’
He laughed. ‘Aye, but also with you, I hope.’
Jane grinned at him helplessly. ‘Sounds good to me.’
It had been a long day already and she felt no guilt whatsoever about taking off for a fantastic evening. They bought takeaway for dinner and Thor flew them off into the winter night, away from city lights to where they could really see the sky while they ate it. (Jane wound up wrapped in her coat and his arm and sitting on his cape for protection against the chill of the ground. It took her half an hour to feel really warm again once they went back indoors, and it would have been longer if Thor hadn’t spent the time rubbing her arms and sharing a very large hot coffee with her. She wouldn’t have traded for anything.)
The conversation turned serious, after that. Thor listened to her talk about her work and worries, and he told her more than SHIELD had, perhaps more than SHIELD had known: discovering signs of Loki’s power on Earth, but not his person; Heimdall combing universes and straining his vision for the prince they suddenly knew to be missing rather than dead; locating him at last and hearing the bargain he made with his rescuers/captors. Gathering the dark energy (Jane desperately wanted more detail on that and bit her tongue not to ask yet) to retrieve him, and changing destination, with barely enough for a one-way trip, when he went ahead to Earth.
As they watched the sun come up, Jane with bleary eyes and resting her head on his shoulder more because it was too much effort to move than because it was a nice shoulder (though it was a very nice shoulder), Thor asked, ‘Will you visit Asgard with me?’
Would she travel to another planet with an alien after they’d spent a grand total of less than a week together? ‘How could I possibly say no?’
Actually arranging the trip took a few days. Clearing things with SHIELD, clearing things with Culver University (which she was technically on sabbatical from anyway), alerting Erik (‘You be careful up there. If they offer you a golden apple you should probably say yes.’), explaining to her family, listening to Darcy bemoan her exams (Thor promised to try to get her a chance later), packing. Thor explained that the Einstein-Rosen... rainbow bridge was still broken, and perhaps she’d enjoy watching the repairs, so they went by twisting a tube-shaped device with the tesseract in it. Jane stared at it and thought about sufficiently advanced technology, and her pulse pounded in her throat. Part of her despaired of ever understanding it and part of her rejoiced that there was so much to find out.
Then the twist, the bright raging blue-white light with a sense of endless dark just beyond, rather like giving a talk to a darkened room, and when she blinked away the orange afterimages they were standing far too close to the end of a multicoloured crystalline bridg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster & Loki

freeform: 
Friendship
magic/science
Mental Health Issues
Bifrost

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Jane Foster & Loki

