Chapter 1: In which Tony is Tony and there is a disproportionate amount of smash.
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Bruce
"What's this?"Bruce looked up at Tony's voice, and only then realised how long he had been standing in the same pose. His back ached from hunching over, and his eyes felt raw from peering at the screen for hours on end. "Dopamine, norepinephrine and synthesised oxytocin suspended in a base of..." he began, and then cleared his throat. His mouth felt full of sand. He wondered what time it was."Normal people are content when they're expert in one field, anyone ever tell you that 'scientist' doesn't mean you have to master all the sciences?""Normal people. Right," Bruce mumbled. "Uh, so the idea here is to create a sort of antithesis, a - a neutraliser, so dopamine to increase attachment, happiness, relaxation, oxytocin and norepinephrine-""Yeah, got it, adrenaline-suppressant, the anti-steroid, natch, but what is it for?" Tony sauntered around the desks to hoist himself up onto it, sitting on half of Bruce's papers and thrusting a mug at him. "Drink that."Bruce sniffed at it. Coffee. "Uh, caffeine isn't the best idea for...""It's nine am, in case you're wondering. Just 'cause, you looked like you were wondering. Now, here's what I'm wondering: Were your ancestors part-hedgehog, or is the hair deliberate?"One side of Bruce's mouth quirked as he drawled, "I'm one-eighths hedgehog, you wouldn't like me when I'm prickly.""Is there a Nobel for biochemistry and sass? There should so be a Nobel for biochemistry and sass, I nominate you," said Tony, waggling the mug before him. "Look, Coffee. Nice coffee. Take the coffee, one can't hurt, and you're doing a good thing by encouraging my benevolent impulses with positive reinforcement. Pepper will bless your name.""Actually, the effects of caffeine on an empty stomach...""Would be a wonderful, nay, delicious thing. Bruce. You haven't slept, you look like someone punched you in both eyes, and you're humouring my hedgehog jokes. Desperate measures, my friend. A cup of coffee isn't going to turn you into the Kool-Aid man's grumpy cousin. Drink it."Bruce obediently took a sip."So? What's this cocktail for?" Tony leaned forward and snagged the mug back, taking a sip as well."I think if we can combine this with the original level of gamma exposure, I might..." Bruce began.The click of the mug being set down was disproportionally loud in the empty lab."Bruce," Tony said quietly. "He's not a disease.""But Tony, look, it could work," he almost begged, before swivelling the screen to show his friend.Tony didn't even glance at it. "And I thought I had self-destructive tendencies.""He is not  me, why does everyone think that," Bruce said hotly, before taking a calming breath and tapping the screen with his forefinger. "Right, so see, I've mimicked the levels that JARVIS was able to measure last time but using the reverse hormones, so adrenaline and testosterone are neutralised by..."Tony interrupted yet again. "Bruce, he is you. You're him. The same guy, only bigger and greener and less into biochemistry and radiation and particle physics and more into uh, practical physics."Bruce pulled off his glasses, folded the arms. "No.""For Christ's sake, Bruce...""He's not me,  Tony.""He's part of you! He's part of what makes you who you are!" Tony slid down off the bench, and pushed his face right into Bruce's. The silly fool never did care much about his own skin."I'm not like that." Bruce could feel his heart rate begin to pick up speed, and carefully wrapped the feeling in his own, ever-present anger.He might not be like that now, but he was a changeable guy, after all. Famous for it."Uh, yeah?" Tony put his hands on his hips. "You are? Hello? That's you. Green and pink and curly and angry all over.""I'd never do what he does, what he... thinks." Bruce's lips tightened. He always saw but never heard what the Hulk was thinking when it was his turn to drive. The thoughts came through later, in blurred snatches at the edges of dreams, in that grey smudged space between waking and sleeping."Those are your thoughts, big guy, hate to be the one to break it to you," Tony said implacably. "That's you having a fat day. You with PMS. You with 'Roid Rage.""I don't do what he does; I don't think that way," Bruce said, trying to fight down the sense of revulsion."Newsflash, pookie, we all think that way now and again." Tony shrugged, before leaning his hip against the bench in that arrogantly careless way of his and snagging the coffee once more. "You think I haven't wanted to punch Fury until his stupid eyepatch is the thing holding his head together? You think I haven't wanted to bash Cap's head repeatedly against a wall until he stops calling me 'Stark' and starts calling me Tony or dickwad or toots, like a normal person? You think I haven't wanted to blast my wall dow-oh, wait, I did that. Still. Proves my point furt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Handwavy Marvel Science
Science Boyfriends
Steve is patient as hell
Bruce is a mess
So is Hulk
Yes the title is a divorce joke
Tony's foul mouth
Slow Build
Banter banter banter
ALL THE FEEEELS
Hulk is a big angry confused kid
BAMF Natasha
BAMF Bruce
BAMF everyone
Tony is a genius and an idiot
For Science!

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

