Work Text:
Bucky is lounging on Tony’s bed, pillow wedged between his back and the wall, a softly snoring Tony’s head in his lap as he lazily flicks through Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Stevie’s second self-published comic book and, simultaneously, part of his application for art school.It’s real good, and Bucky isn’t saying that because he was the inspiration and model for Cap’s best childhood friend. Well, not only because of that.He startles when the front door crashes open–-no one but Jarvis the butler is usually at home when Tony brings Bucky around to his house--followed by stomping footsteps coming down the hall, and an impatient, “Anthony!”Which is enough to rouse Tony, whose face goes ashen as his eyes dart from Bucky to his bedroom door and back before he jumps up, and starts straightening out his clothes just in time for a man to barge into the room.“Da-- Dad,” Tony stammers, causing Bucky’s eyebrows to shoot up in surprise because if he didn’t know better, he’d think Tony was scared. “I thought you were coming back tomorrow? Sir.”“The last lecture got cancelled,” the man says absently, not looking at his son, his gaze fixed on Bucky instead. “Who’s this?”Tony swallows hard, Bucky can see it even from his position on the bed halfway across the room. “Bu-- James, sir. He’s a-- a friend.”“A friend?” Tony’s dad snorts derisively, finally shifting his attention back to his son. “Where did a good for nothing punk like you find a friend? You paying him?”When Tony doesn’t reply immediately, the man’s expression grows thunderous. “Answer me!” he growls, making Tony flinch back before he catches himself and straightens his back, wobbling chin lifted stubbornly.“No, I’m not. We met at school, he’s in my--““Workshop, three minutes,” Tony’s father interrupts, apparently having lost interest in Tony’s explanation already. “Let’s see how much progress you’ve made on your projects. Not that I’m expecting much.”With that, he’s gone, leaving Tony and Bucky in stunned, uncomfortable silence.It takes Bucky a few moments to compose himself and process what he’s just witnessed, but the instant he does he’s on his feet and pulling his trembling boyfriend into his arms, nose buried in Tony’s hair as he strokes a firm, soothing hand up and down his spine.He doesn’t ask if Tony’s okay since it’s pretty obvious that he’s not. What he does want to know is, “Is he always like that? How often does this happen?”Tony stiffens, his voice oddly detached when he speaks again. “He’s having a bad day, that’s all. It’s fine, I’m fine. Everything’s fine.”Bucky doesn’t believe a word of it. “Tony--““You should probably go,” Tony insists, talking right over him. “Dad’s waiting for me. I’ll see you tomorrow.”Bucky wants to protest, ask more questions, shake the truth out of Tony, but he knows his boyfriend, and the way he’s hunching his shoulders and refusing to meet Bucky’s eyes means he’s going into defensive mode. And there’s no getting through to him when he’s like that, withdrawn and distant, so Bucky nods, albeit reluctantly, cupping Tony’s face between his hands.“I’ll call you tonight,” he decides, not budging on that point, and presses a soft, lingering kiss against Tony’s lips. “I love you.”The smile he gets in reply to that is small and weak, but genuine. “You too,” Tony says, standing up on tiptoes for another quick peck.When they skype later, after dinner, Tony is quiet and unfocused, losing the thread of conversation more than once. The next day at school, though, Tony skips up to Bucky and links their fingers as if nothing had happened, chattering away excitedly about the physics paper they’re supposed to get back during third period.Bucky accepts the behaviour for what it is, a desperate attempt to pretend that everything is all right, and goes with it.But from now on, he vows to pay closer attention.

* * *
When Tony turns up for school with a black eye two weeks after the incident with his father, Bucky is conflicted. Tony insists it was an accident in the workshop involving DUM-E and a fire extinguisher, and Bucky knows that is an entirely possible scenario.Tony isn’t clumsy per se, but he isn’t especially careful, either. Bucky has seen him walk into doors when he’s too busy talking to pay attention to his surroundings, has had to escort him to the nurse’s office more often than he’s strictly comfortable with because of chemistry lab mishaps, and has been a victim of DUM-E’s uncoordinated flailing himself before.Bucky can’t prove anything, so he lets it go. Tony looks incredibly relieved, which makes Bucky think he might have made a mistake after all.

* * *
They get back a French literature quiz a couple of days after that, and Tony freaks out.“You got ninety-seven percent right, dude,” Clint points out, incredulous, holding up his own piece of paper with a big, red fifty-three and a frowney face stamped onto it. “What’s your deal?”“I’m not stupid,” is all Tony manages to choke out through his increasingly pan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Teenagers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Child Abuse
Child Neglect
Self-Esteem Issues
Self Confidence Issues
Eating Disorders
Good Boyfriend Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Family
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

