Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text


Paved with Good Intentions


 

 

Prologue
“It was good of you to come Captain.” She settles into a chair and looks up at him where he is standing at parade rest on the far side of the room.Steve gives a short nod. He’s only met Maria Hill once, and he’s not there out of the goodness of his heart. Orders are orders, even after all these years. Colonel Philips would have been able to tell Fury that he had never been all that good at following them, had always done what he believed was right instead, but now they soothe him somewhat, something familiar to cling to in a world so new it might as well be a different planet. There is very little else here that he knows, but military expectations change very little.She seems happy to accept what he knows is a bordering on insubordinate silence, and spreads a few folders on the table in front of him. “The creature known as Loki is far stronger than anyone, anything else, you’ve ever encountered Captain,” she states in a clear, uncompromising tone.He doesn’t argue, he appreciates her crisp work ethic and manner, simply nods again. He doesn’t doubt that she knows his past missions as well as he does. He’s a legend now, so they tell him.Realising that he is not going to start defending an inflated ego, or macho pride, a hint of a smile lightens her face and she carries on, “By our estimates creatures from his world are approximately eight times stronger than human norm. That makes him five times stronger than you. I’ve put together the files of the people we’ll send with you to apprehend him.”Steve feels a sinking sensation in his stomach as he looks at the folders. He feels as though the very air of the room is crushing in on him. More people depending on him, more lives in his hands. He settles himself in the chair on the other side of her desk, steels himself, and flicks open the first folder.“Natasha Romanov,” Maria Hill states, fingernail tapping the profile picture at the top of the page, “One of our best Agents. She’ll be your liaison with us, not in a formal way you understand, but she knows our habits, knows our protocols. She’s an incredible fighter too,” she eyes him beadily, perhaps expecting him to object to a woman in combat.Steve does not touch the picture, though his fingers twitch slightly in his lap. He can see Peggy in the glint of this woman’s eyes, the curl of her hair. “I don’t doubt it,” he says, skimming over the information, assassin, spy, master in several disciplines of hand to hand combat. She’ll be an asset in anything he has to do to apprehend this creature requiring stealth, and she’s probably used to thinking on her feet, an asset in any situation. He pulls the folder closer for more in depth perusal later. “Next.”She taps another folder, “Bruce Banner, but it would be better for you to see the footage we have of him to really understand. She flips another folder open so he briefly catches a glimpse of another photo, “Barton. He’s our compromised man. If at all possible, bring him in alive.” She stacks that folder on top of Banner’s. “And finally,” he takes the final folder, opening this one himself.Inside is a picture he’s already seen, Howard’s boy. Anthony. He feels his heart stutter in his chest and has to look away from the strong features and Howard’s dark eyes in a different face. He cannot curl into a ball and whimper and cry because he’s lost everyone he has ever known, everything that has ever mattered to him. He’s Captain America, that is all that has survived of Steve Rogers, all these people know him as, and Captain America doesn’t give into such weaknesses. And besides, it would be the height of selfishness. He’s not the only one to lose everything, not the only one to be alone. Bucky had been an orphan, Peggy had lost her parents and both her little sisters in the Blitz and had been the last one of them, outliving all her boys, no one left who knew what they’d done and faced. But still, he can hardly bear to look at the face of Howard’s boy, tantalisingly almost-familiar, a mockery of what he truly wants. “I’ve read it.”  “This is the full version. Stark can’t hack into this to change it.”“Hack?” he asks, in the weary way he has adopted when questioning new, unfamiliar words.“It means to use a computer to break into someone else’s computer.”“And he can-? Is that legal?”“No.” She shuffles some papers briskly together, “No it is not, but Stark is...” she hesitates, bites her lip and looks away.”“Ma’am? Stark is..?”“I don’t want to...I know Howard was your friend.”Steve keeps his tone absolutely level, “He is not Howard.”She nods once, the same economy of motion in her gesture that had been in his earlier, “Very well Captain. Stark is brilliant, a technological genius. He can build things you can’t imagine, that we can’t imagine. He can do anything you can think of and then some with a computer. If it exists digitally – that means on computer – if Stark wants to read it, he can. Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve POV - Relationship

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
even Steve Rogers isn't perfect
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
Protective Steve
happy ending I promise
Steve POV

fandom: 
Steve POV - Relationship

