Work Text:
When Steve was old enough to read, but still too young to know better, he inquired why Mommy didn't have Daddy's name on her wrist.Fortunately he asked Sarah, who ruffled his hair and said, "We don't all find our soulmates, Sunbeam, no matter how hard we look.""Don't you love Daddy?""You can love someone who isn't your soulmate," Sarah said, but she sounded sad, so Steve climbed into her lap and wrapped his skinny arms around her neck. "I wanted to have a family. This is worth it."It wasn't until he was older that Steve thought to wonder why his mother had a woman's name on her wrist, and by then he'd learned not to ask about that kind of thing.
One night, when his father was very drunk, he told the story of the name on his own wrist, Elsie Taggart, an old woman who'd formed a brain tumour the size of Joseph's fist when he was still a teenager. He said that he'd sat with her as she passed, and that the glow of love had been like every song he'd ever heard."I love your mother, and I love God," he said, bracing himself on the table as he stood, "but sometimes I think the bastard has a sick sense of humour." Then he stumbled off to bed, collapsing next to Sarah, who let him pillow his head on her chest.The blasphemy made Steve blush, but he didn't disagree, either. It didn't seem fair.More unfair still, when Joseph Rogers' eyes started to turn yellow and his mind wandered, and the doctor they couldn't really afford said he had something wrong with him that Steve couldn't work out how to pronounce. When it took his life a year later, Steve hoped that Joseph found his Elsie in heaven.
The soft, persistent scratch at the window dragged Steve out of a sound sleep. When he was awake enough to recognise the pattern, he waved a hand at the window, silencing the noise, then checked Sarah's cot across the room. No movement there. She'd worked herself into dead exhaustion again, and wouldn't stir until Steve shook her awake an hour before dawn.The moon was just enough past mid sky to throw a bit of light though the grimy window and cast a grotesque shadow of Steve's visitor across the floor, its body intercut with washing lines and railings. It stepped aside when Steve pushed up the sash and slipped out onto the fire escape.Arnie Roth throw his own jacket over Steve's shoulders before he could even rub his arms against the brisk spring air. Steve shrugged into it, knowing there wasn't much point protesting. Anyway, he liked how it was warm from Arnie's body and how it smelled of paprika and vinegar from Mrs Roth's cooking."Thanks," Steve whispered. "What's up?"Arnie didn't say anything, just grabbed Steve's arm and pulled him up the two flights to the roof, where he checked for loiterers and nesting couples before saying, whisper matching Steve's, "My mark's come in.""Oh!" Steve said, and instinctively reached for Arnie's wrist. "What's it say?" They'd both been expecting it, but of course Arnie had been first. He always came in ahead of Steve, but he always shared what he had too, so it made sense that he'd run across the neighbourhood in the middle of the night to show Steve first.Only he didn't seem to be showing Steve. Instead, he was cradling his right arm against his chest, like he'd broken it."Arnie," Steve said, more carefully, "What's it say? Who is it?" For a second he wondered if the name would be his, but no, they'd have figured that out by now, wouldn't they? Weren't you supposed to know, even as children?Steve turned his hand over and held it out, palm up. "Come on."Slowly Arnie reached across the space between them, pushing up his sleeve as he did, and turned the pulsepoint to Steve. Even by moonlight, the writing was clear: Michael Bech, in solid round cursive, neat as a grammar book's."Ah, Stevie," Arnie sighed. "What am I gonna do?"Steve considered. He thought about his mother, and her choices, and about the trouble that came to the young men who risked walking openly with a sway in their hips and bright ties in elaborate knots. "I dunno," he said, and Arnie tried to pull his arm away again. Steve held on, closing his hand over the letters. Arnie stilled, waiting. "You make that E a little taller, and add another one the end–" he fished though Arnie's jacket pocket for a pen, and eventually had to scratch what he meant on Arnie's wrist with the corner of his fingernail. "If you did this in ink or something... there, see?" He asked, having outlined a passible Michelle, albeit one with very little space before the Bech."I'll smear.""Keep your sleeves buttoned, dummy."Arnie was still frowning at his wrist, but said doubtfully, "If anyone asks, I can say it's an Italian, and I don't want Ma to know." Abruptly, he looked up and grinned at Steve, an expression to warm even the coldest night. "Yeah. That'll work." He dropped to dangle his legs off the edge of the roof, pulling Steve down beside him. "Do you think he's a fairy?"I dunno," Steve said. "He doesn't have to be, does he?"Arnie shrugged. "T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
New York City
Great Depression
Canon Backstory
Angst with a Happy Ending
Everyone Is Gay
except Bucky
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Remix

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

