Work Text:
It would have been considered rude if it was anyone else but it wasn’t, it was Tony Stark and he didn’t fit the norm. He always kept his sleek black wings tucked back against his back, ignoring all social etiquette that demanded he use his wings as greetings and displays of emotions. Because he kept such control over his wings and always wore scent blockers no one knew if he was an alpha, beta, or omega – not that it mattered (he was Tony Stark after all) but still, it would have been nice to know for sure. But no one knew and no one asked and it didn’t matter until the team got stranded in the wilderness and his wing got broken in a nasty fall.They could smell his distress – which should have told them more but they were too distracted by the fact that they could smell anything from Tony to comprehend what it meant.“What hurts?” asked Natasha, kneeling next to Tony, who was curled up and whimpering.“Go away,” gasped Tony, teetering on the edge of panic.“I think his wing is broken,” said Bruce, ever the calm beta, reaching out to touch the oddly bent appendage.“Don’t!” cried Tony, thrashing out of reach, distress spiking sharply in the air.Bucky was there in an instant, pulling Tony into his lap so they sat chest to chest, guiding Tony’s head to the crook of his neck, one of the places where Bucky’s alpha scent was strongest. The familiar scent calmed Tony in increments, though it did nothing to ease the pain radiating from his wing through the rest of his body.“So Tony’s an omega,” said Clint when no one else spoke. “Nat, you owe me fifty bucks.”Natasha rolled her eyes.“Hurts,” admitted Tony into his best friends neck.“I know,” said Bucky softly, running the hand on Tony’s head through his sweaty hair, trying to quell the pleased alpha within who preened at having Tony – the man he’d had a crush on for ages – so close. “Bruce and Steve are going to splint it to help until we get out of here. Just stay still, I’ve got you.”Staying still was easier said than done. Bruce and Steve were as gentle as they could be but splinting the wing meant touching the already sensitive appendage. Bucky ended up wrapping the rest of Tony’s body in a firm hold, leaving Clint to try and soothe the omega and Natasha to stand on watch.“Finished,” declared Bruce twenty-seven stressful minutes later, sitting back on his heels, his own dull green wings drooping tiredly behind him.“You did so well,” praised Bucky, soothing the trembling man in his lap. “They’re finished. Just breathe.”“Never ask me to do that again,” whispered Steve weakly, looking a little green for all his human perfection. “I can’t hurt him like that again.”“It had to be done,” said Bruce.“We need to find a better place to hunker down for the night,” said Natasha, looking almost apologetic.It took some discussion but eventually it was decided on that Bucky would carry their injured teammate; Tony walking on his own held the probability for him falling and further damaging his wing. The genius only whined a bit when Bucky stood with him in his arms, face still buried in Bucky’s neck. Tony was too busy fighting off the pain and shock to protest. Later he would be disgusted with himself for his stereotypical omega behavior – seeking out one of the families alphas for comfort and protection – but at that moment all he could think was hurtshelpneedalphahurtspainmakeitstop. Tony knew he was part of the pack, the family, that the Avengers had formed but he always saw himself on the outside. The others let him stay because he provided them with a home but it was clear he didn’t trust them since he hadn’t stopped wearing scent blockers, something only doctors and people without families or mates wore. He knew what the others were – Bucky and Steve were alphas, Bruce, Clint and Natasha were betas, but Tony hadn’t told them and for that he wouldn’t allow himself to become a part of the group, even though they were willing despite his resistance.“Tony?” asked Bucky softly. “I need you to look at me, come on.”It took several minutes of cajoling but eventually Tony looked up at Bucky. The pain and confusion were evident in his eyes but they were clearly trained on Bucky, so that was a small win.“How are you feeling?” asked Bucky.“Hurts,” whispered Tony, not quite up to forming full sentences.“Okay,” said Bucky reasonably. “Clint found this cave, it’ll due for tonight but I need to set you down. Okay?”Tony nodded although he was not at all sure it was okay. And when Bucky set him down he knew for sure that it was not okay but he tried to clamp down on the panic because Bucky needed to help secure camp. Tony put out one wing – the uninjured one – out behind him for balance and wrapped his arms around his middle.“Bruce?” whimpered Tony after several minutes of sitting alone.“What’s wrong, Tones?” called Bruce from where he was crouched by a bundle of sticks, trying to spark a fire.“Never mind,” whispered Tony, looking at the ground, suddenly very aware how pathetic and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wingfic
Alternate Universe - Wings
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Omega Verse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Bruce Banner
Beta Clint Barton
Beta Natasha Romanov
Omega Tony Stark
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Bonding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

