Chapter 1





Chapter Text
[Spidey sleeps, like, all the time. Seriously.][[Don’t be stupid. We’re the freak that sleeps three hours a night. Or not at all.]]It was almost nine in the morning, and Deadpool was bored out of his mind. He’d already been awake for hours, in which time he’d watched Spidey sleep, vegged in front of the telly, popped out to the all night McDonalds, sat in front of some more bad telly, and now was back in bed watching Spidey sleep. He really liked that last activity, even if he wasn’t particularly well suited to it in terms of tranquility and patience. Still, he often spent time studying Peter’s features, cuz of his adorable pouty lips, of course, and laughing eyes highlighted by sharp eyebrows, and his thick luscious hair, and all the other reasons that he was so gorgeous and too good for Wade; but also because it was an amazing gift that Wade was allowed to watch his boyfriend sleep at all. People always felt uncomfortable when he looked at them too long, which was usually anything longer than a quarter second, and that was true with or without the mask. Yet perfect Peter had given him permission to gaze his fill, and every time he did, he felt a profound happiness. He felt both cared for and trusted, and both swollen and tender inside from the strength of his own feelings for Spidey.   Alas, Deadpool was naturally too restless to lie around for long, and even profound happiness usually started getting boring within a quarter hour, twenty minutes tops. Then he would either get up and leave Peter to sleep, or follow Whitey’s inevitable call to masturbate. The rules they had established were relatively simple but had two variants. At under six hours of sleep (for Peter, obviously), Wade could look or touch himself, but should do nothing to wake his companion. At over six hours of sleep, Wade could touch Peter too, as long as (1) it did not involve any penetration, (2) Wade did not wear a mask, because Peter did not want to wake up to that, and (3) Wade was prepared to make waking up early well worth it.  On this particular morning, Peter was approaching ten hours of sleep. He’d been dead tired when he came home late last night, which Deadpool had picked up on but had been too eager for attention to respect. Instead, Deadpool had kept him up significantly later, possessing and occupying that fine ass until Peter came twice and finally passed out from exhaustion. Even now when Wade studied his face, he still looked a little tired. Which is why Wade had been letting him sleep, but nine plus hours was an awfully long time for him to keep his hands off.[Someone needs to check that Spidey hasn’t gone into a coma or something.][[Don’t be stupid, he’s fine. Rules still apply. If we’re gonna wake him up, we need to make it worth his while.]] “Would you believe it if I said I’m not feeling a hundred percent horny right this second?” he murmured quietly to himself. His dick wasn’t even a little hard.[No.][[Yes.]] Wade cuddled carefully up to Peter’s naked body, feeling his warmth and power through his civvies, though he’d taken off his mask as required. He propped himself up on his elbow so he could serenade properly, if quietly, “♪♬ I don’t want to close my eyes, I don’t want to fall asleep, cuz I’d miss you, and I don’t want to miss a thing. . . ♪♬”[Good choice to start, going with the sleeping theme. Plus, if it ties into the plot enough times, it can be, like, “our song” with Spidey!]Peter’s fingers twitched on his left hand, but that was the only sign of life. So Wade kept going, voice rough, but gentle and in tune, “♪♬ I want to laaay you down in a bed of roses. For toniiight I sleep on a beeed of nails. ♪♬”[Everyone loves Bon Jovi!]This time Peter’s head twitched towards the pillow, but then he stilled again, so Wade continued to croon, “♪♬ Once more you open the door, and you’re here in my heart, and my heart will go on and on. . . ♪♬”[[A little Celine Dion, thank you, to prove we have a pussy.]][Fuck you, buddy. I love Celine. You know we love Titanic, you fucking cried at the end, bi-otch! You totally identified with Rose, being the lonely survivor and all.][[Of all the things you have to remember, seriously?!]]While the boxes prattled on in the background, Peter had shown voluntary movement, curling slowly into his pillow and blankets, and moaning quietly. Wade smiled affectionately, and sang with just a tad more passion, “♪♬ Please believe me, every word I say is true. Please forgive me, I can’t stop loving you. ♪♬”“No,” Peter groaned, voice faint and hoarse with sleep. “Anything but Bryan Adams.”[Traitor!]Wade grinned, leaned a little closer, and then belted out epically like he was fucking Whitney Houston, “♪♬ And I-I-I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOUUU! ♪♬”Peter grabbed him then, unbalancing him so that Wade rolled on top of the other man in a tangle of limbs that magically matched their lips together. Then they made out slowly, with uncharacteristic tenderness, fighting their own smiles.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Character Study
Relationship Negotiation
Erotica
Light BDSM
Talking
Feels
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

