Chapter 1: I Want to Hold Your Hand
    




Chapter Text


BILLY

He was so happy he swore he’d float straight up into a cloudless New York sky…if Teddy Altman weren’t there to hold his hand.And wow, wasn’t that a crazy thought? After everything they’d been through—pining and hoping and having and losing and, hey, why not?, yet more pining—here he was, lips still warm from Teddy’s kiss, skin throwing off sparks from Teddy’s shy smile, hand going embarrassingly clammy clasped in Teddy’s fist.
Their fingers were even threaded together, thumbs brushing with every step like they just couldn’t help themselves; Billy was in love.
He winced at that thought and looked away from Teddy’s curious glance, hoping to hide the blush that crept its way up his neck. Yeah, no. No, it was way, way too soon to think like that, right? There were— He was pretty sure there were steps to this sort of thing. Hanging out and hooking up and going steady or, or, something. Some kind of progression between Hi, I want to make out with your face to Hi, I want to spend forever making out with your face.
At least, Billy was pretty sure there were supposed to be steps, but it seemed like he was always tripping blindly around, still in the closet to pretty much everyone but Jamie and holding Teddy’s hand as they walked from the park toward his house.
To hang out. Maybe in his bedroom. A bedroom with a door that locked and a bed and an anxiety-inducing golden opportunity to kiss and kiss and kiss some more.
And give Teddy a first-hand view of what a complete dork Billy really was.
And maybe meet his parents. And brothers.
Oh God.
“Oh God,” Billy moaned quietly. This was going to be a disaster.
Teddy cast him another glance. “Everything good?” he asked.
“Sure,” Billy said too-quickly. The clasped fingers that had been so incredible a few seconds ago now felt awkward. Not wrong, but not natural, either. It suddenly seemed as if everyone they passed was looking at that point of contact and thinking…what? That he was gay? That he was seeing Teddy? That he was in the first blush of his first relationship, where even twining his fingers through another boy’s was enough to send his heart racing? None of that was wrong; why should it bother him to let them think it?
But it did. It made him feel weirdly exposed, as if he’d left practice wearing nothing but his tights.
He glanced down at his feet, watching their clasped hands out of the corner of his eye—hyperaware of the way their fingers fit together like dovetailed wood. Teddy’s hand was so much bigger than his, broad and strong where Billy’s was slim and dexterous. It shouldn’t have been such a perfect match.
But then, Billy mused on a shallow breath, that could be said about so much between the two of them.
Teddy lightly cleared his throat. “So, uh,” he said, breaking the increasingly heavy silence. “You say everything’s good, but I’m not exactly sure I believe you. Not that I’m calling you a dirty liar or anything,” he added quickly when Billy looked up. His expression was so carefully relaxed that it had to be a front—Teddy was nothing if not a master at cloaking his thoughts, feelings, angst, but Billy had spent the last few months learning to read him with the devotion others spent picking up a foreign language.
Maybe it was a foreign language, in a way. It was Teddy’s language. And even if he wasn’t fluent yet, he knew that subtle shift of his gaze, the faint twist of his mouth. Teddy was freaking out, too. Billy just wasn’t sure whether Teddy was freaking out because Billy was freaking out or if Teddy’s freak-out was completely divorced from Billy’s utterly ridiculous freak-out. Or, you know. Whatever.
Either way, Billy had to say something. They hadn’t gone through everything they had just to stand next to each other and work themselves into a sea of doubts, and fear and…
And deep breath and go.
“No. I mean, yes: I was being a dirty liar,” Billy said. He squeezed Teddy’s fingers tighter when it seemed like Teddy might pull away. Letting go was for quitters, and Billy had fought too hard to get to this moment. “I was just…hands. You know?”
“No,” Teddy said slowly. His eyes never left Billy’s face. “I’m afraid I’m not following, but, um, I’d like to. Maybe we could start with complete sentences?”
God, Teddy was perfect. Sassy as all hell, but perfect. Billy swayed toward him, letting their arms knock together all the way up to the shoulder. An elderly woman in a pink track suit smiled as she passed them, eyes dropping down to those conspicuously clasped hands before she met Billy’s eyes again.
“That,” Billy whispered, glancing at her over his shoulder. The word JUICY was splayed in big block letters across her rear. “That’s what I mean.”
“I could let go if you’re not comfortable.” Teddy’s offer was low and earnest, but Billy just gripped his fingers tighter, shaking his head. That wasn’t the point. “Or not. I can not. You know, I’m starting to think it’s good I’m the one with super-strength r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

freeform: 
First Love
First Time
POV Alternating

fandom: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

