Work Text:
    Peter woke up with a groan. His head ached, and his brain wasn’t fully functional because he couldn’t remember why he was lying on the concrete floor of a warehouse that looked abandoned and smelled like a toilet.    “Jesus on a pogo stick, what the fuck?”    Peter rolled onto his side, blinking at the familiar voice. “Deadpool?” he croaked.    “Spidey! My main man! Not that I’m complaining, but when did you change? Totally digging the cat ears – you look even more adorable than usual!”    Peter blinked. “Cat ears?” he repeated blankly. What was Deadpool on about?    A huge hand reached for the top of his head, and Peter jerked away automatically, limbs working flawlessly to push him up and away.    At least, they tried. But his feet got tangled with something and he collapsed into a decidedly ungraceful heap only a few feet from where he’d started.    “Holy hell, Spidey – you have ears and a tail! Am I dreaming right now, because I think I’ve had several fantasies that started out just like this!”    “Do your fantasies usually start out in abandoned warehouses?” Peter asked without thinking, staring at the sleek black limb tangled around his legs. “I have a tail.” He looked up at Deadpool. “Deadpool, why do I have a tail?” He blinked and rubbed his eyes. “Also, why do you have a tail?”    “I have a tail?” Deadpool screeched, whirling in a circle as he tried to catch it.    Deadpool’s tail was nothing like Peter’s. For one thing, the fur was longer. For another, his tail was golden yellow as opposed to Peter’s coal black. He didn’t have ears (that Peter could discern from beneath his mask). If Peter had to guess, he’d say Deadpool’s tail belonged to some kind of dog. A very big, very friendly dog.    “Spidey, I have a tail. It has fur. Feel it, feel it!” Deadpool danced over to him before shoving his ass into Peter’s face.    “Get your butt out of my face,” Peter spluttered, moving back on reflex again. This time, he managed to make it two steps before his tail wove between his legs and tripped him up.    “Ya know, I thought cats were supposed to be graceful,” Deadpool said, a grin visible beneath his mask. “Not that I’m complaining, but you’re spending an awful amount of time on the floor.”    “Shut up,” Peter grumbled, absently webbing the merc’s mask. Thank god he still had his webs.    Deadpool pulled off the webbing. “Spidercat, Spidercat, does whatever a Spidercat does. Hey, can you still climb walls?”    “Wade,” Peter said, frustrated, “I can’t even walk right now.”    What the fuck had happened? Peter’s mind was still a blank, and Deadpool wasn’t volunteering any information, so Peter assumed he didn’t remember either. Peter wanted to tug at his hair, but with the mask on and Wade not knowing his secret identity, he couldn’t do it. He settled for glaring at the tail.    “Guess that means I’ll just have to carry you,” Deadpool announced gleefully. The next thing Peter knew, he was lifted by powerful arms and settled against a muscular chest.    “Wha – no – Wade! Put me down!”    “But you just said you can’t walk,” Deadpool pointed out. “So be a good kitty and don’t scratch.”    Peter flushed. “Let me down! I just need to figure out how to control this stupid thing,” he gestured wildly at the tail that was now curling around Deadpool’s arm, “and then I’ll be good!”    “It doesn’t look like your tail is agreeing with you,” Deadpool said, glancing at Peter’s tail. “Don’t stress – I’ll put you down once we get to my apartment. I’ll stay in the shadows and everything. I can be stealthy.”    Peter grumbled in protest but let the merc carry him. The two men remained quiet – something unheard of in Deadpool’s case. The silence ended the moment the two stepped inside Deadpool’s apartment.    “What’s that smell?” Peter asked, covering his nose.    Deadpool tilted his head as he placed Peter’s feet onto the ground with startling gentleness. “You were here yesterday. You didn’t complain about the smell then.”    Peter stumbled a few steps forward, suddenly aware his tail was lashing from side to side. “It didn’t smell like this yesterday,” he maintained.    Deadpool shrugged, uninterested. “Guess you’ll just have to deal with it until you can Spidercat crawl your way outta here. Want a beer?”    “I don’t drink,” Peter replied distractedly, not mentioning that legally he couldn’t drink for another year. “You know that.”    Where was that horrible smell coming from? Peter pulled his hands away from his nose, grimacing beneath the mask as he took in a long, purposeful breath. His head jerked to the left, towards the living room. Had something died in there? Had Wade – Deadpool – killed someone in there?    Peter moved without really thinking about it, his steps almost silent even to his own ears. He peered into the room, apprehensive. But it was empty of any bodies, so Peter relaxed a little. He sniffed again, stepping over the discarded pizza boxes that littered the floor.    Wade’s – Deadpool’s – fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spidercat
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Little bit of angst
reference to suicide
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

