Chapter 1: 1st Bite
    




Chapter Text
1.
The first time that Harry met Tony Stark he was just about to close his little bakery shop, Bite Sized. The shop was located just outside Grand Central Station in New York City so it had its fair bit of customers who only come in for the coffee and the tourists that come in for the baked goods. There were of course the dedicated customers who came in just as the doors opened at one to get their cup of coffee and their muffins. He had even been told once by a customer that he had rearranged his lunch time in order to get the muffins just as Harry opened the doors.
Stark, on the other hand, didn't come to the shop just as he was opening the doors; he had just stormed into the place just as Harry was going around the counter to lock everything down. He had on a nicely tailored grey suit and his hair was floppy on one side and flat on the other, a pair of sunglasses in one hand, though the sun hadn't been out in a week due to the horrible weather, so the sunglasses were completely useless. Not to mention that it was ten at night so the sun wasn't even out.
"Coffee! Tell me you have coffee," he demanded as he slammed his hands on the counter and leaned forward to get in Harry's face.
"We have coffee, yeah," Harry said, with a cautious nod. "Though I sold the last cup a while ago, mate."
He made a noise in the back of his throat that had Harry taking a step back. "Can you make another cup?"
"I suppose," Harry answered and looked over to the just cleaned coffee machine. "Are you willing to wait ten minutes for it to be done?"
"Sure, sure," he nodded, his hair flopping to and fro. He seemed to notice the hair and looked at himself on the glass of the display cabinets to fix his hair. "Hey, what's that there?"
Harry turned around at the question while he made sure that the coffeemaker was plugged in. Stark was pointing at the tray of remaining baklava and had his head cocked to the side in confusion. "Baklava. They have pistachios in them so if you're allergic to nuts I wouldn't suggest eating them."
"Are they good?" Stark asked, his nose was pressed to the glass that Harry had cleaned ten minutes beforehand. "They look good."
"They're sweet," Harry shrugged. "If you're not going to sweeten your coffee, they're good."
Stark spent half an hour at the bakery eating his baklava while Harry cleaned up around him and finally switched the open sign to closed humming all the while. Harry didn't think it was humanly possible to drink an entire cup of coffee that hot with the speed that Stark shugged it down, or to ask for more when he was done. By the time he was finished with the baklava he was on his third cup of coffee and making contented noises under his breath.
"This is really good coffee," he commented as he stood from his chair and wiped at his mouth with some napkins and leaned against his seat contentedly.
"Thank you," Harry smiled brightly. He took the dirty plate and cup and put them on the back counter to clean later while making sure that things were unplugged and that he could finally go home. When he turned around to ring up Stark there was a fifty on the counter and Stark was nowhere to be seen. He frowned and gave a deep suffering sigh at the ridiculousness of busy people before checking the money wasn't counterfeit and taking out the small notebook by the register to note that Stark paid with a fifty and didn't get any change back.
2.
The second time Stark came to the bakery he brought along a pretty redhead that had a phone stuck to her ear and seemed to be trying to placate someone on the other end of the phone. This time the man's hair wasn't in disarray but was stylishly slicked back with some type of hair product.
The pretty redhead put her phone down and smiled brightly at Harry. "Can I get a caramel hazelnut macchiato, please?"
Harry blinked at the request and then looked back at the two coffeemakers he had in his tiny shop. One was for regular coffee and the other was for decaf. He wasn't much of a coffee drinker, but when he did have it he had it with a little milk and that was about it. He was never sure when a little milk was too little or too much so he usually left the sugar, milk, and other little add-ons on top of the counter for the costumers to help themselves.
"Ah, I only have regular and decaf," he said slowly and then pointed to the tray with the add-ons carefully. "If you want to add something it's usually on this tray. Sorry."
The redhead's nose crinkled slightly and she looked over to the grinning Stark skeptically. She picked up the container of vanilla sugar and the container of regular sugar with a raised brow.
"I guess I'll have a large regular, then," she said.
"Make that two," Stark added from beside her. "I want mine with whipped cream on top." He looked at the display case of small cakes and muffins and stepped forward slightly. "Oh, oh, are those blueberry muffins?"
"Yes," Harry answered as he put the two takeaway cups in front of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

