Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis strolled home from the corner store at four am on a Wednesday night, clutching her paper bag full of provisions tiredly. She’d stopped by there quickly on her way home from work, and was almost regretting the decision as her feet dragged and her eyes threatened to close of their own volition. Her work Tending the bar a block away wasn’t the best job she’d ever had, but it sure as hell wasn’t the worst. And while she missed Jane and hated 95% of the clientele, the hefty tips from horny men were a damn sight better than the nothing she'd been getting in the science world. She was mentally budgeting with the amount she’d received that night when golden light exploded all around her and she felt herself disintegrate from within.She landed on her knees, which hurt like a bitch and made no sense if she’d done the disapperating thing. Though she didn’t get to think too hard about physics and gravitational pulls or whatever before two bracelets materialised on her wrists. not her favourite way to receive jewelry. “What the ever loving fuck?” Her groceries fell to the floor, which she belatedly noticed was a brass colour. Her eyebrows crossed as she stood shakily, realising she stood in a circle of about seven foot radius with runes carved around the outside. Damn thing was glowing with a sparkling golden light, acting like a force field or something. Whether it was to keep her in or others out she couldn’t determine. Her head snapped up and she got a general impression of a crowded room. It had a lot of gold going on. on people, on the roof, everywhere. Place was huge. And there was a pirate. “So is anyone going to explain what the fuck is happening or am I just your mortal entertainment for tonight?” She drawled, wishing for her bed.“Volva, would you care to explain, please?” The pirate asked, Darcy had a sneaking suspicion that she knew who he was, too.“AllFather,” got it in one. “This is the Keeper the Fates have chosen for the Thrall.” Darcy eyed the woman who was speaking. She was the only really old person in the room. Sure, there were people who looked like they were in their forties, and Thor’s dad could be like, sixty, but he was what, five thousand years old? This woman looked like she could be ten thousand or more, you could feel the years radiating from her in a way not even Odin could match. Darcy decided that she wasn’t going to cross this one.“This mortal?” the AllFather looked at her like she was dog poop on his fancy brass floor.The woman looked at him like he was looking at Darcy. “Well yes. Did you see anybody else wearing the bracelets?” Darcy liked her snark. By all accounts other than Thor’s, the AllDaddy was a bit of a dick. This lady was probably the only one in the galaxy who would talk to him like that, and Darcy liked her for it.  She looked down at her wrists again. The cuffs were gorgeous, made of a metal like platinum, titanium, or whatever Mew Mew was made of maybe. They were chunky, but not heavy. Beautifully engraved with flowers in foliage, bees and one pretty butterfly rendered exquisitely. There were also runes, which she had a sneaking suspicion weren’t just there for decoration. They were seamless, and Darcy had no inkling of how she would get them off. She guessed that was the idea.“This girl? Look at her! Little more than a child and in the tattered garments of a lowly servant.” She looked up defiantly at the AllDaddy, sitting on his pimped out chair with his tricked out eye patch. Then she shrugged and snorted, a little grin pulling at the side of her mouth. She was in a faded black t-shirt, the v-neck just low enough to give customers a titillating view of the lace of her forest green bra without showing too much off. The shirt had been through so many washes that it draped softly over her curves, again, showing off just enough to get the tips. Her burgundy lambs wool cardigan had a few holes, but it was her favourite. Her highwaisted jeans were torn and very tight, her vans were stained with beers and spirits and tracked with whatever ended up on a bar’s floor by the end of the night... she could guess at who these people were and had a good idea about a few of the things they would be thinking. She cocked her hip to one side and leaned back, not letting their judgment get to her.A familiar voice spoke up. “The Lady Darcy is a fierce protector and skilled at the hearth. She is brave and strong, though I do admit that she is young.” Darcy’s eyes chased the voice to see Thor. He was up by Odin, she just hadn’t noticed in all the excitement. she smiled. His notoriously boomy voice really fit the vibe going on here. it was good to see him at home. He didn't even look that big at that moment.“This girl, though she is little more than a child to our eyes is a princess of her realm, and owed a debt by the one on trial today.” The oldest woman said and Darcy raised an eyebrow.She chocked on a laugh. “Uh, I’m pretty sure princesses don’t have 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Tyr

freeform: 
seriously Marvel purists don't tread here
Loki is a thrall
OCC Loki
at the beginning anyway
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Strong Language Warning
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Darcyland
Dr Jane Foster isn't someone you want to mess with
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Sex with Friends
Friends With Benefits

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Tyr

