Chapter 1: Initiate Operation Wings
    




Chapter Text

Chapter Soundtrack - Mikky Ekko - Who are you, really?
 
oooOOOooo
         The Soldier is confused. His usually blank, focused mind is betraying him with each new thought. He wasn’t supposed to have thoughts. The Handler does that. Not him.        And then there were the images. Flashes of…something. Someone. A boy. Small and…fragile. Weak.        No. Not weak. Never!        He wants these visions to go away, because they bring…feelings. The Soldier doesn’t have feelings. But he can feel something now. And he doesn’t like it. He’s used to pain. That, he understands. But this is something else and…and he doesn’t know how to deal with it.        Listening from where he’s sitting in the cold Chair, it looks like his Handler and Mechanic don’t know either.“It is not the Chair’s fault!”        “He’s rebounded on the last three missions, Zola! The…upper management is getting restless. They want the Winter Soldier to be a success and so far they are not impressed.”        “If we wipe him after every mission, the chances of the programming becoming corrupted will be too high! The Chair is not the problem, it’s the programming. It fails to respond to triggers that lead to associations with Barnes’s memories. One battered poster of Captain America was enough for Barnes to push through the cracks of the programming and almost regain control.”        “Fix it then!”        “It is not an easy fix. Even if there was one, the host’s memories would still be too intrusive. You see…the brain works in mysterious ways and we barely scratched the surface of what it is capable of! The Wipe is a temporary measure at best. It doesn’t erase his memories, it merely subdues them, puts them to the furthest shelf of this huge library. As long as they are there, the Soldier will always be in danger of falling prey to them.”      “Then destroy them! Make them inaccessible somehow.”        “Yes, yes…I have given it some thought and I think I might have found a solution. With the right conditioning, we could integrate the memories into the programming! Accessible only when a specific event is triggered! In this case, by something so improbable it will never happen. A number of improbable scenarios…two decades worth of memories should have multiple triggers, for convenience…yes.”        “You are rambling now, Zola!”        “It is going to be a very…very ambitious project. But if it succeeds, I can guarantee Hydra will not be disappointed in the result!”        “Better get to work then.”The Soldier would soon forget this conversation ever happened. He knows, because he somehow remembers what the Chair is supposed to do. It will bring back peace to his chaotic mind. Through pain and suffering. But it will bring peace. And the Soldier welcomes that.        Something inside of him doesn’t though. Some…one?        “Well then, Soldier. How about a new mission?”        A mission! Yes, the Soldier can handle a mission.        “Ah, good, I see you approve. Project…Wings. It’ll be our little secret, yes? Our very own secret mission. One you will never get to start or complete.”        It made no sense to the Soldier, but he is not here to question his handlers. Receive missions, complete missions.        “We should start with the innermost trigger then. No more calling you Soldier. It brings back…unnecessary memories. From now on, you are going to be the Asset. And once I am done with you, you will be nothing more but the Asset. Forever.”        No!        His own inner voice surprises him, but he has no time to wonder where it came from. Or from whom if not himself. The Chair is activated and his mind slips into a painful haze of nothingness. 
oooOOOooo
         After many days spent with the Mechanic, the Soldier - no! - the Asset no longer feels like…the Asset no longer feels. And it pleases his Handlers greatly. So much that they no longer put him to the Chair after every mission. The Chair is the only thing the Asset can remember from before Operation Wings took effect.        Operation Wings. A Top-priority Mission. Objective: Unknown. Orders: Unknown. Mission deadline: Unknown. Handler: Unknown.        The Asset is confused by the lack of information he has about this assignment, but he must not show any sign of such thoughts.        The Asset obeys, without questions. Otherwise it’s off to the Chair.        So that is how the Asset operates, for how long he doesn’t know. He is given a mission. He completes it. He returns to his Handler. He is put to the ice. Over and over again. Only his Handlers change. Them and the world around him. Handlers get older, the world gets…newer. Guns more efficient, cars faster, phones smaller.       A part of him is both scared and excited by the fact. A part of him that remains silent, like it’s hidden somewh - Operation Wings. A Top-priority Mission. Objective: Unknown. Orders: Unknown. Mission deadline: Unknown. Handler: Unknown.               Until o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Hurt/Comfort
loosely based on Tsubasa Chronicles
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Winter Soldier needs no hugs
protective winter soldier
HYDRA is Screwed
Slow Build
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark's potty mouth
BAMF Tony Stark
bamf winter soldier
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Kidnapping
Angst
Fluff
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

