Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s movie night, and Steve loves movie night. Specifically, Steve loves movie night with Sam Wilson. He’s tried movie night with the Avengers, and for a band of superheroes, they can all be surprisingly immature when it comes to talking, popcorn, and horror films.Sam, however, takes movie night seriously. Tonight, he’s ranting under his breath about how Steve deserved better than SHIELD’s bullshit method of cultural and societal education after Steve told him he hadn’t seen any of the new Batman films even though he's been awake a few years now. This time he’s telling the truth, but sometimes Steve lies about not having seen movies just to get Sam’s goat because Sam is a die-hard movie buff.Sam is also a veteran and a full-time counselor at the local Veterans Affairs office, which is how the two of them met. At some point, Steve realized that a veteran was a veteran, even if one of them served in a war that occurred over 70 years ago, so he went one day and hasn’t regretted it since. Sam happened to be there facilitating group, and Sam is normal and opinionated and not as starry-eyed about Captain America as most people, and Steve likes having a mostly normal friend.Sam eventually finds the movie he’s looking for and puts the DVD in before plopping down unceremoniously next to Steve on the couch. They’re in the middle of a very explosive—literally— action scene involving giant robots and monsters when Steve’s phone starts ringing. The only people who ever call him are involved with SHIELD, so he pulls it out of his pocket while Sam presses pause. It’s Tony, so there’s a pretty high probability that it’s not important, but Steve answers it anyway.“Rogers.”“Put Sam on the phone,” Tony says without preamble.Steve sighs. “Tony, how do you even know I’m with—““There’s GPS on your phone, Steve. Get with the twenty-first century. Now, Wilson. Put him on the phone.”“Why don’t you call his phone, then?” Steve snaps.“Because it wouldn’t be nearly as fun.”Steve closes his eyes and counts backwards from five before calmly saying, “I’m hanging up, Tony.”“Don’t hang up! It’s actually important!”“Really? Because your non-important phone calls and your important ones start in the same manner.” He grits his teeth. “You have ten seconds.”“Remember that favor I did for you? Yeah, well, I have a patient of Sam’s here, and things were going well, but then he woke up after we hooked up a new arm, and he’s maybe possibly losing his shit and I need Sam to help.”Steve’s eyes widen. “What?”“Your ten seconds is up. I need you to put him on the goddamned phone, Steve. Now.”Steve hands the phone to Sam without explanation, but Sam must have overheard at least some of it— his couch isn’t that big, and Tony is definitely that loud— because he’s definitely in work-mode when he says, “This is Wilson.”Sam listens for a few seconds, his forehead creased with concern, before he stands and starts pacing the living room. “Don’t you have a psychologist on staff?” Sam closes his eyes as he listens to Tony, and as the seconds tick by, it looks more and more looks like he might punch the TV. “Banner isn’t that kind of doctor, man.”Steve has to cover his mouth to stop himself from laughing, not because he finds the situation funny— quite the opposite— but because he’s heard Bruce say the exact same thing to Tony dozens of times.Sam sighs. “Yeah, I understand. He had a rough time at the hospital after the accident, so I’m not really surprised this set him off. I can drive and be there in three hours if I break the speed limit. Can Avengers get rid of traffic violations?” Sam pauses, and then his eyes widen. “Wait, what? Of course I’m not afraid of flying. I was a paratrooper, for God’s sake. Jesus. Okay, okay. I’ll be ready.”“Well?” Steve asks once Sam hangs up and offers him back his phone.“Iron Man is sending a jet,” he says, then pinches himself. “That hurt. This must be real life. How is this real life?”Steve laughs. “Well, that’s Tony for you.” He sobers up a bit and stands, placing a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Is everything okay?”Sam smiles and nods. “Yeah, it’ll be fine. At least, I think it will be. James is a tough cookie, but these kinds of things are hard for him. I think it will be good, though. He’s not one of those vets who’s coped well with losing a limb, and this is the best shot he’s got, so it has to.”“Do you need me to head out while you get some stuff packed?”Sam’s eyebrows shoot up. “Oh, no. You’re coming with me.”Steve blinks. “What?”“Two reasons,” Sam says and holds up one finger. “First, I educate you culturally and feed you home cooked food on the regular, so the least you can do is act as a buffer when I get thrown into your crazy world of famous people. Second—“ He holds up another finger. “—Tony Stark just said to drag you along so you can try on your new uniform since you keep tearing the crotch.”Steve can feel the blush spread across his cheeks.“Don’t shoot the messenger, man,” Sam says and then
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Pre-Slash
Avengers Tower
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Captain America Steve and Modern Bucky
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
First Kiss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

