Chapter 1: Hero Complex
    




Chapter Text
The day he transferred, Tony decided to get to school early for the first time in his life. It was a big day for firsts with him. It was his first day to get to school early, first day to walk instead of being driven, and first day to go to a public school. Previously, he had been privately tutored but Howard needed the positive publicity and sending his son to slum it with the peasants was the perfect way. The school was unlocked and Tony easily located his locker. He put his belonging inside and sat down with a book.Slowly, the halls filled with people, most of whom ignored Tony while he studiously did the same. Several stared at him but only whispered to their friends with all the finesse that teenagers possess about the new kid and one thought he would try his luck with him."Out of the way, shorty," said the boy who looked to be about five inches taller and 250 pounds heavier than Tony's slight frame.Tony rolled his eyes but said nothing, uninterested in the boy."I said, move!" yelled the boy, shoving Tony out of the way, throwing his book across the hall for good measure."You're joking, right?" said Tony, jumping to his feet and glaring at the boy who towered over him. "What, do you want my lunch money while you're at it? Or wait, did you not think that far ahead? Was that too much for your tiny brain to handle? Because if I'm basing your intelligence off of the brute force and lame name calling-which I am- then I have to assume that you were lost after my initial comment of if you were joking or not."Tony would have said more, but it seemed the other boy was tired of talking and simply tackled the smaller boy. While he was actually a decent fighter, Tony was far outmatched by the sheer size of the other and could do little more than protect his face and get a precious few punches in as well. But then the boy was gone."Pick on someone your own size," said a new voice as Tony scrambled to his feet, ignoring the biting pain of his left ankle where had somehow managed to get stepped on during the scramble."What, like you?" said the boy.The newcomer punched the boy once, causing the boy to go down hard and not get back up."Hey, are you okay?""I had it covered," snapped Tony."I'm sure you did, I was just hurrying things along so you wouldn't be late to class," nodded the boy with an almost too kind smile. "I'm Steve, by the way."Tony ignored him and stalked off in the direction of his first class of the day, art. Steve followed."Leave me alone," growled Tony."I'm glad you're so full of yourself that you think I'm following you, but I have art first period," replied Steve with that easy smile of his."Whatever."Tony continued on. Once in the room, he found a spot at the very back at one of the many large black tables. He sank down, looking even smaller than he actually was. The problem was, he wasn't quite fifteen yet but he was in all senior level classes. Being already small for his age, being stuck around seniors made it worse and he knew he wasn't big enough to fight back every time. It was going to be a long year."You're in my seat, asshat," said one boy, glaring down at Tony."You're friends are over there, Nick," said Steve, setting his things opposite of Tony."Always protecting the weak, aren't you Steve?" snarled Nick, who moved on nonetheless."I don't need your help," hissed Tony."I always sit at the back," shrugged Steve. "You're the one who's new.""Hello Steve," boomed a boy even larger and more blonde than Steve, almost crashing into the seat next to Steve. "Who is this new young fellow?""I don't know, he's just sort of followed me here," laughed Steve."He's sort of scrawny," commented the new boy."But feisty," said a different boy, this one with sandy hair that was cropped short and more brown than blonde."He's also right in front of you," said Tony, grumbling out of habit because, quite frankly, these guys were starting to grow on him with their good nature and easy distance. "And his name is Tony.""Greetings, Anthony," boomed the largest of the blonde crew."It's just Tony," said Tony."Thor likes to use full names," said Steve as a way of explaining. "He's a bit dramatic and feels that if he has to be called Thor because his parents are super mythology buffs then everyone else has to suffer with him with their given names.""You're only okay with it because your name is Steven," snapped Thor."The thing is, it's really just Tony," said Tony, lying through his teeth because he hated anyone calling him Anthony; it had too many bad memories."Lucky bastard," muttered the other blonde. "I've been trying for years to get Thor to just call me Clint like everyone else but he insists on using my full name.""How old are you?" asked Steve. "You look kinda young to be a senior.""I'm 18," lied Tony.Being young was dangerous, as Tony had discovered. Also, his father had lied about his birth to the media. Wanting an heir had driven him to creating a fictional one, so 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Obi is a creep
Young Tony Stark
Kid Fic
Protectiveness
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Avengers Family
Alternate Universe - High School
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Rhodey
Kid Avengers
Bucky adopts everyone
Coffee
Coffee Addict Tony Stark
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Cuddles

fandom: 
None
