Work Text:
Lehnsherr never talks about himself, which is weird.It wouldn't have been weird at the last couple places Alex worked--he's found that science nerds tend to fall into one of two camps: super chatty about their weird shared interests or anti-social to the point where you can hear a pin drop in their work spaces. Alex was stuck in the second type of office for a few years and if he met Lehnsherr there, it would have been par for the course. This place is different, though. Their survey department is small, just Alex and Darwin and Sean, with Lehnsherr in the lead, but everyone's pretty chatty. Sean plays different kinds of music on and off throughout the day, talking about bands as he works and Darwin tells them about all the weird jobs he's had to work to make his way through school. That's what gets Alex to open up, really--Darwin's totally cool and he doesn't judge, and he assures Alex that Sean won't either, so one night after work Alex tells them the whole deal: the crash, the group home, the foster families, juvie, and pulling himself out of it all when it looked like Scott was on the verge of following his example.It's nice, really, to be open with these people. To talk and to have friends. To spend all day doing something he's weirdly good at while talking to people he actually likes.And then there's Lehnsherr.Lehnsherr has an office, the door to which is in the corner of their shared workspace. He sits there all day with the door closed and the blinds drawn on his tiny window. He doesn't complain about the music or the talking, but they're all quiet when he comes in, anyway, like they've been doing something wrong and they're afraid of being caught. He'll wander out a few times a day looking at plans or predictions or reports, usually so he can shout at them for being wrong. Once they look suitably chastened or Darwin promises they'll fix whatever he has a problem with, he disappears back into his office. He never comes out for drinks with them. He never comes to department parties. He doesn't look much older than Alex's twenty-five years--he's maybe in his early thirties. Alex has a working theory that he actually lives in the office, a robot that the janitors boot up every morning before they arrive. When he first tells the guys on one of their nights out, it makes Sean nearly shoot beer out of his nose and even Darwin laughs, shaking his head and dropping his arm across the booth behind Alex's shoulders.(Darwin also made it clear pretty early on that he was gay, which actually made it harder for Alex to tell that part of his own story without stuttering. Alex doesn't normally blush, but sometimes when he's around Darwin, he feels like he's going to anyway.)"He wears a ring," Darwin points out. "That means he's probably got at least one person waiting for him at home.""Lots of people wear rings," Sean says. "Maybe he just wears it to keep people from hitting on him or something.""Maybe his creator put it on there to make him seem more likeable," Alex suggests, and then they're all laughing again. Still, robotic tendencies and anti-social nature aside, Lehnsherr's not bad as bosses go. He mostly communicates via sharp remarks, but that's because he really only communicates when something's wrong and the rest of the time he lets them do their damn jobs, which Alex appreciates. He's generally hands-off, though every once in awhile he'll spend a few weeks on end being extra snippy, critiquing their grammar in reports or fighting with them over font choices in presentations. It's sharp but not malicious, and weirdly doesn't even seem to be directed at them, but rather a frustration with the universe in general. Alex can let that slide--everyone has shit going on in their lives. When Scotty has trouble in school, Alex can be an asshole, too, and Sean bitched non-stop for a week when his band lost some audition they were gearing up for. Shit happens, and it's not Alex's place to tell Lehnsherr to stop muttering to himself just because his batteries didn't get fully recharged over the weekend or something. Lehnsherr keeps his shit to himself. That's his prerogative.So it's weird, actually, the day he wanders in during the middle of one of Sean's lengthy odes to the groupie of the week."I just, you know, I feel it," he's saying, spinning around in his chair while Alex and Darwin shoot each other knowing smiles from their stations. "In my heart. I feel those feelings that you feel when you--""Feel it?" Darwin suggests innocently and Alex tries not to laugh."It's love, guys," Sean says, in reference to maybe the fifteenth girl he's dated since Alex started working here.Lehnsherr, on his way to the color printer in the back corner of the main workspace, makes a pretty condescending noise.Sean quiets. Darwin sits up a little straighter. It's possible that the noise is in reaction to Sean's whining in general, but this is the third time Lehnsherr's darted out of his office to pick something up from the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Established Relationship
Married Couple
Hurt/Comfort
Backstory
Actors
Families of Choice

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Armando Muñoz/Alex Summers

