Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky squints at Fury, sitting coolly behind his desk in front of the large plate glass windows looking over the city.“You want me to babysit.”It’s a token argument and they both know it, but Fury does him the kindness of not bringing it up. He sighs, like he was expecting this but is still disappointed. “Integrating Captain Rogers into the 21st century is imperative if he’s going to be leading my team on missions. And the sooner he’s cleared for duty the better.”“And since I have nothing better to do you thought I’d be a good babysitter?”Of course Bucky’s going to do it. Get to work with Captain fucking America? The man is an honest to god war hero and a living legend. Becca’s going to shit her pants when he tells her.And truthfully he doesn’t actually have anything better to do. He’s barely clinging onto the lower rungs of the S.H.I.E.L.D. ladder, filing paperwork for other field agents in his own personal level of hell. Being entrusted with arguably the most important asset in S.H.I.E.L.D. history is a huge promotion. Especially given his shaky psych evals.The explosion had him out of commission for two months in the hospital, in a drug-induced coma for almost half that. Sixty days in a hospital bed, staring at the plaster ceiling when daytime soap operas became too much to bear, reliving all the things he could have done differently.The next two months at home were hardly any better, recovering as best as a body can on four hours of nightmare-addled sleep each night and being fitted for the most high-tech prosthesis Stark Industries had to offer. Learning to use the contraption took another two months, before he was even able to feed himself with it, let alone go back to work. Spending so much time with Tony Stark is enough to make anyone a little crazy, except zen master Pepper Potts.He’s a highly trained covert operative, and he’s been sitting in a fucking swivel chair filling out reports at a desk for four months now. He hates fluorescent lights. Cubicles. He wants to be useful again.But he’s also terrified of that responsibility. The last time he was entrusted to a team, two of them ended up dead, and the other left fieldwork permanently.“You’re a valuable member of the team, Barnes,” Fury says, looking like his patience is running thin. “Plus you have the right security clearance.” Bucky slouches a little more in his chair.“I just want you to admit I’m babysitting.”“Will you do it or not? You know Romanov would jump at the chance.”Bucky makes a face. He’s not going to leave poor baby-face Rogers to Natasha. She’d eat him for breakfast.“When do I start?”
Fury had helpfully provided him with a prospectus for Captain Rogers’ intro to the future and to S.H.I.E.L.D. It’s remarkably detailed, almost down to the hour for the first month. It includes basics like U.S. and world populations, historical social events such as the Civil Rights movement and current international conflicts.Captain Rogers has had access to the S.H.I.E.L.D. library and the Internet since waking up, but has hardly touched his laptop. According to his activity, the Captain was connected to the Internet for all of 20 minutes, long enough to do a Google search and read a couple articles about Agent Margaret Carter. He hasn’t so much as opened his laptop since.Bucky knows about Steve Rogers. At least, as much as everyone else who took a history class in high school. Of course, he looked at the black and white picture in the textbook with interest, everyone did. But it didn’t go further than that, for him. Some of his classmates mooned about it, photocopied the book and taped the picture up in their lockers. Some of that infatuation had been renewed amongst the hipsters after the Captain had been found alive, with T-shirts and hats depicting the iconic red, white and blue shield.Bucky read about them finding him in the ice online, along with the rest of the world. Natasha wouldn’t tell him anything, and he didn’t bother to ask Fury. But now, he has the entire file.He reads it twice before he finds a half-chewed up black pen in his kitchen drawer and starts making changes to the prospectus.
They’d set Steve up with an apartment on the top floor of the building. Told him it was for his safety, but Bucky’s sure the Captain knows he’s being held captive. Bucky has a duffle bag of tech to brief him on, but when Captain Rogers opens the door, Bucky’s game plan changes.For starters, he’s far more attractive in person than in the shitty old propaganda films he binge watched the night before. It’s almost funny how good-looking he is. Like a marble statue come to life.Secondly, he looks miserable. He smiles because he’s polite, but his eyes are the saddest thing Bucky’s ever seen.“Captain Rogers, I’m Sergeant James Barnes, Directory Fury sent me to—”“Babysit me?” Steve says as he steps aside to let Bucky in. The apartment is immaculate, like it hasn’t even been lived in for the two months since he’s been out of the ice.B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers owns it
Steve Rogers is not technologically challenged
Steve Rogers is not socially awkward
Steve Rogers OWNS EVERYTHING
Including my undying love and respect
Steve Rogers Feels
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Eventual Smut
Tattooed Bucky Barnes
Just a little bit as a plot device
Therapy
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Tattooed Steve Rogers
also just a little bit as a plot device
Co-workers
Workplace Relationship
Slow Build
Sloooooowwwww
Hurt/Comfort
Rescue Missions
Canon-Typical Violence
Protective Steve
SHIELD Agent Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Smut
Blow Jobs
Fluff and Smut
First Dates
Mutual Pining
Modern Bucky x Cap Steve
Shrunkyclunks
Modern!Bucky/Cap!Steve
Angst
Boatloads of angst
Brief contemplations of suicide
Some Not So Fun Canon Events Creep Back In
Memory Loss
Mildly Dubious Consent
Bucky mixes painkillers with a little bit of alcohol
just to be perfectly clear
but our Steve would never take advantage of that
Amnesia
Temporary Amnesia
Wedding Fluff
Complete
First Kiss
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

