Work Text:
I.Charles wasn’t sure whether to be elated or terrified when the teacher assigned him to show the new kid around. A nerd like him had no shot whatsoever with someone like Erik Lehnsherr, with all his piercings and black leather and steel rings; he knew how pathetic he was for hoping, for being mesmerized by the scar on Erik’s lip and the shifting color of his black-rimmed eyes. He knew the odds were good that Erik would eat him alive, if he made a move, and not in the good way.“Looks like your first class is in D Hall, that’s this way,” Charles said, unable to keep from smiling, though it was a nervous and jittery smile. Erik looked him up and down, warily, and Charles was mortified to feel his cheeks heating up. He didn’t try to read Erik’s mind — he didn’t do that without permission, unless he just really wanted to — but he knew exactly what Erik was seeing: a shrimpy, overexcited puppy in need of a haircut, wearing a button-down shirt, three kinds of pride pin (LGBT, Science Club, Mutant), and tweed, who thought the tweed was a good idea, why did Raven let him leave the house in tweed? But Erik’s sharp gaze traveled over all of it with no sign of amusement or contempt, and when he was done, he said only, “You’re a mutant too?”Which is how Erik, in all his glamorous bad-boy glory, ended up at the worst table in the entire cafeteria, between ridiculously nerdy Charles and even-nerdier Hank. Around them sat such school gems as Sean the stoner; Alex, who had only just been let off a three-week in-school suspension; Charles’s own stepsister, Raven, who was on the edge of expulsion after two incidents of impersonating the principal; and Angel, who had a vicious ongoing war with administration over the dress code. Darwin was the only non-crazy one and he only hung around because he was dating Alex, which probably made him crazy after all.“Well, Erik, welcome to the Mutie Table,” Charles said, after making introductions. “Where whatever else we are, at least we’re not alone.”Erik looked around at all the faces, and for the first time his cool, cautious expression gave way to a smile.Elated and terrified, Charles decided, and knew he was a goner. II.Charles could tell Raven liked Erik. This was hardly rare; Raven also liked Hank, and Irene, and that guy Az from the other mutie table, the cool mutants. Raven’s interests were wide-ranging.More alarming was Charles’s suspicion that Erik liked her back. Erik paid a lot of attention to Raven. They had a lot of big discussions about Mutant Pride and feminism and intersectionality, and when she accidentally went blue in front of her entire English class he told her she was beautiful and ought to be blue all the time.Not that Erik didn’t talk to Charles, too. They talked about everything and spent a ton of time together, at Debate Club and Chess Club and just hanging out eating pizza rolls until Erik’s dad got home from work. He even invited Charles to do some Hanukkah stuff with him during Christmas vacation. Erik teased him and ruffled his hair, said he was brilliant and his mutation was brilliant and he was the best friend he’d ever had. But he’d never called Charles beautiful.Though, there was that one time this big burly senior spat at Charles and said “the only thing worse than a fag is a mutie fag” and Erik smashed his face in and left him pinned to the wall with his own pocket change, whimpering. That was something he’d never done for Raven. III.Charles had never thought of eyeliner as being a Thing for him, but he was continually, involuntarily fascinated by the way it drew attention to Erik’s eyes, made them “pop” as Raven would say – though that term reminded Charles less of eyeliner and more of the way Erik looked when he was about to earn a detention on someone’s face. The piercings in his ears, eyebrows, and lip (and where else? Charles felt his face get hot every time he wondered), the copious metal jewelry, they made sense when you knew about Erik’s mutation, knew how often metal had been his only friend over the years. The eyeliner, though, that was pure fashion statement. Because the truth — as Charles realized, getting to know the edges of Erik’s mind, the general flavor of it (not enough, never enough) — was that Erik Lehnsherr was a gloriously vain creature. He put a great deal of thought into every aspect of his appearance, carefully designed to impress, intimidate, and unnerve. Tough-guy black leather jacket and hard-luck worn-out jeans contrasted deliberately with a white button-up shirt, neat as a pin, hair slicked down like some 1960s throwback except that it usually started to curl and break rank halfway through the afternoon. Not that Charles was keeping track or anything.They were halfway through Mutation Control class (and dear heaven did Erik have a rant to share with the world about the name of that class), Erik working on fine control by reshaping one of his own rings, when his snort of disdain distracted Charles from the deep s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Background Relationships
Hank/Raven - Freeform
Alex/Darwin - Freeform
Emma/Azazel
Eyeliner
Piercings

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

