Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When pressed, Thor cannot profess to an undying love for his home town. It's familiar, it's home, after all, but there never seemed to be anything special or unique about where he grew up. It's not especially small, not especially big. Just somewhere in the middle – mediocre, really, which seems to sum it all up rather well. There's not much he doesn't know about the place either. Having spent the better part of his nearly 18 years roaming its streets and surrounding woodlands he has a nearly impeccable knowledge of his town and the people that inhabit it.
There are no serial killers around here, no lotto winners or mysterious old men who live in mysterious old houses on hills. There's nothing to make it any different from any other town that one would pass as they drove from Wichita to Des Moines. Or from Portland to Kansas City, for that matter. It's all terrible mundune. 

So perhaps that's why, when a new family moved into 2389 Anderson Road on a sunny Friday afternoon, Thor knew all about it.

*

He heard about it, really, from Steve, who lived two doors down, who told Natasha who told Thor. He was down there before the hour was out, hiding behind a bush with Natasha and her boyfriend Clint, who thought the whole thing was slightly stalkerish and refused to peer in the same direction as the rest of them. 

There was a big moving truck, of course, stuffed to the roof with beds and tables and chairs and other assorted items that make up a household. There were no coffins or skeletons though, which was disappointing. 

There appeared to be a middle-aged couple, who looked drained and frustrated with the whole experience, and an older woman who was perhaps one of their mothers. Thor couldn't imagine still living with his mother when he was in his forties. There didn't seem to be anyone around their age, which was a pity, because that would mean a new face at school and something a little bit different, just for a little while, until the novelty of a newcomer wore off. 

They were just about ready to give up and head down to Steve's to badger him for some food when Clint, who had been swearing up and down and on his pinkie that he wasn't watching, spotted another person waiting in a car out front. 

Natasha, who couldn't see the person from her angle, wouldn't shut up.

“What do you mean you can't see them? Is there someone in the car or not? Man or woman? Girl or boy? Come on, Clint!”

“Fuck I dunno! Give me a minute here!”

In the end it was Thor who saw him first, stepping from the car on the way up to the house. He seemed to be carrying something, but from the distance it was hard to be sure exactly what. The boy appeared to be around their age, or slightly younger, and he was thin, but not skinny – lean, perhaps. His hair was long and black, a stark contrast to his alabaster skin. He didn't seem to be interested in anything going on around him, easily ignoring the movers and piles of furniture on the lawn. Even from far away Thor could see his features were sharp but delicate, with razor cheekbones and dark, sultry eyes. He was stunning.

“Thor?”

Thor leaned forward for a better view, whilst still trying to be covered by the bush. He kept his eyes trained on the stranger, oblivious to anything else around him. The boy walked up to his parents and handed his mother whatever he held in his arms – a baby, so clearly his younger brother or sister then – and only then turned to survey the mess that was his new front yard.

“Thor?” Natasha asked again.

Clint slapped the back of his head. “Yo, dude, stop drooling. It's embarrassing.”

Thor turned to them suddenly, startled out of his reverie. He could feel his cheeks begin to redden. “I was not drooling!”

“Oh yes you were,” said both his friends in unison, and Thor pouted before running the back of his hand over his mouth. 

“Was not.”

“Was too. He's hot, we get it. He's your type, we get it. Just, maybe, ya know, not be so damn obvious about it next time?” Clint said, and behind him Natasha started to giggle, her red curls bouncing as she tried to stifle her laughter. 

“Don't know what you're talking about,” Thor muttered, and turned back to peer through the bush again, hoping for another glimpse of the black-haired boy. 

He was gone.

*

Thor had no reason to cycle down Anderson Road later that day, but he did anyway. He slowed down past 2389 and pretended to be enjoying the view, not that there was much of a view at that point in Anderson Road or anything. The front yard was empty now, the moving trucks gone, and the disappointment of not seeing the boy again sat like a rock in Thor's stomach. 

* 

He moped that evening, all through dinner and then afterwards too when his mother asked him to wash up. He always had to be asked; never did it just because he could and because his mother would appreciate it. It was an inconvenient, tedious task when he could have been playing video games or hanging out with his friends. Or, mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Loki/OMC

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Work In Progress
Thor is in love
Thor is also a stalker
These two things are related
Mpreg
Previous mpreg
Future Mpreg
Thor is Oblivious
Loki is the sexy new kid
Infatuation
Trust Issues
Evil ex-boyfriends
Anal Sex
Mutual Masturbation
Lactation Kink
Breastfeeding
birth scene
Thor has to grow up and be responsible
Angst
It's hard being a teenager
Teenage Pregnancy

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Loki/OMC

