Work Text:
    Wade Winston Wilson doesn’t get along with people.    He knows the problem is him. He’s loud, crass, rude and completely, undeniably insane. He also spends a good deal of his time unaliving people for money. And that’s not even mentioning the horrific scars that cover every inch of his skin (yes, even his dick), the scars that ache and burn with each beat of his cold, rotten heart.    [Ok. Now you’re just being needlessly dramatic.]    {This isn’t a pity party!}    Oh, and did he mention the voices?    [White.]    {Yellow!}    [Hello.]    {Howdy!}    But back to the point. Wade – Deadpool, as he’s known in the world nowadays – doesn’t get along with people. They don’t like him, and there are multiple, rather fantastic reasons for this. And for the most part, Wade is quite happy to be alone.    [That’s the biggest lie you’ve ever told.]    Okay, so maybe he gets lonely. Sometimes.    {Liar, liar, pants on fire!}    [We have crippling social anxiety, but we crave company. Go figure.]    Anyway. Wade is prepared to continue on alone for eternity, and with his healing factor that was certainly looking like a possibility. He’d probably go on forever, unaliving people and swimming in cash and tacos. It's what he deserves.    {The dream is real.}    That isn’t, of course, to say that Wade hasn’t had relationships. He has – not very healthy ones, he knows, but they were relationships and at this point in his life, Wade wasn’t exactly sure he deserved, or deserves, any better.    [Besides, I’m pretty sure half of them were hallucinations.]    So Peter fucking Parker was a complete surprise. (And no, 'fucking' isn't actually his middle name. It's Benjamin.)    {You’re telling it wrong!}    [Start from the beginning.]    Right.    So one night, Wade is busy unaliving a group of bad guys in an alley – he’s forgotten, by now, if they were actually bad guys, but he likes to think they were (it helps him sleep at night) – when he’s suddenly stuck to the brick wall by something that looks suspiciously like webs.    Before he can cut away at the offending stuff – and he’s seeing fucking red, because if this shit stains his suit he is not going to hold himself back – he realizes that the remaining bad guys are stuck to various parts of the alley wall, only instead of looking confused (like Wade feels), they look resigned. Maybe even a little bit scared.    And it’s true, he’s been out of New York for a while – travelling the globe, meeting new people and unaliving them. He heard about the aliens, Loki, the Avengers… But as far as he can recall, none of them have webs.    This all flits through his mind in seconds, enough time for a lean figure in red and blue spandex to drop silently into the alley.    “Aw, you guys forgot to invite me to the party! Did the invitation get lost in the post, or were you being purposely rude?” The figure pauses, and Wade is stuck staring at this perfect, divine ass as the figure turns around. “Please, don’t all speak at once.”    And Wade can’t help it – his mouth drops open and words just pour out of his mouth. To his surprise, the figure – who is obviously some new hero Wade missed out on – responds, keeping pace with Wade’s motor mouth.    He doesn’t want to, but the moment he cuts through the webbing he’s lunging to attack, because he’s Deadpool, the Merc with the Mouth first and foremost, and Wade Wilson last. But the figure surprises him again – with a particularly sensual display of acrobatics, he flips up… And sticks to the wall.    “Hey! No getting handsy before the third date!” the guy says playfully. “I’d love to stick around,” he gets extra points for the horrible pun, “but I hear the cops coming. The boys in blue still try and catch me, and I am way too pretty for jail. See ya!”    And then he is gone. 
     And so Wade decides to do some research.    He is bitterly disappointed with what he finds, which is the approximation of nothing. No one knows anything about the web guy that Wade hasn’t already figured out, except that he’s called Spiderman, of all things.    Wade wonders if the hero made it so simple because it was easy to remember, or if he was taking a shot at the collective intelligence of New York. Either way, the hero’s relatively simple name makes searching for him easier.    He finds pictures. Hundreds of effortlessly brilliant pictures that capture Wade’s Spidey in motion, long limbs stretched in flight. They all share two things in common – one: they have all been published in the Daily Bugle, and two: they were all taken by the same photographer.    He goes to the Daily Bugle office the next day and catches his first glimpse of Peter Parker.    He looks young, and there is an innocence about him that makes Wade not want to approach lest he stain him. His hair is brown and shaggy, and he has a habit of running his hands through it every two seconds. His glasses are huge and out of date, but he makes them look good.    [He’s fucking adorable.]    {And h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
One Shot
Happy Ending
talk of child abuse

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

