Chapter 1: Making Friends
    


Summary:

In which guacamole is important, Peter and Deadpool have a Lifetime Original moment, and the author doesn't know shit about what this story is even doing.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It’s not the rooftops Peter likes; it’s the edge of the rooftops. The local cliché is that no one looks up and like all clichés it’s absolutely true — except for tourists, who are too baffled by the skyline itself to notice a scrap like him crouching or crawling or cartwheeling around near the top. So they don’t count. Up here, Peter sees people but they don’t see him. He can read their movements like a lioness reading a herd of gazelles, but on the off chance they even notice him, he’s a cipher to them. The role reversal is addictive, and probably it’s childish to get a thrill out of that, but after nine years as Spider-Man the thrill still hasn’t worn off, and until it does he’s determined to relish it with every part of his tongue. Good to the last drop.The wind at the top, at the edge, is stronger, and relentless, and unblemished by obstacles. Its white noise is a godsend and Peter’s fairly confident that he wouldn’t be able to get through a full patrol without at least twenty minutes of this — just this — before the real work begins. Not with his sanity intact, anyway. He considers this basic prep work, the unskippable step between crawling out his window and tracking down the first gazelle.Quiet, outdoor solitude in the middle of Manhattan. Amazing.Even the birds don’t fly this high. They move between the buildings, not above. He likes to watch their backs pass below him in lazy flocks. Some of the flocks have patterns, territories, preestablished routes, and when those patterns are disrupted there’s always a reason and he can always backtrack to the source. It’s as good as hearing a call-in on a police scanner. Better, even, because he doesn’t have to carry a police scanner, or wait for some bystander to put in a 911 and for dispatch to gather the information and then pass it on to the police… and then wait for his brain to sort out the location. Maps and street names are all fine and good on paper; they just don’t translate so well into three-dimensional space. Navigation is easy when he’s on the move, but if he has to think about where he’s going beforehand, then he has to go on thinking about it for an embarrassingly long time before it clicks. And by then, two times out of three he reaches the scene too late.So Spider-Man watches the birds instead.Flock Six rounds the building he’s on, counter-clockwise, twice before moving on. Situation normal.Pigeons are curiously well camouflaged for an urban environment, with all their shades of pavement-grey, and their flashing irridescent heads so close in hue and sparkle to TV screens behind apartment windows. Personal theory: It makes the searingly white seagulls jealous and self-conscious, and that’s why seagulls are so much louder and crankier and more likely to divebomb outdoor café tables to steal french fries, even when people are still sitting at the table.Sparrows are quieter and less useful for crimefighting, but that’s only because they’re harder to tell apart, and harder to see from a distance. A sparrow isn’t an entity so much as a series of twitches, and when they do group flight they always look like they’re panicking. If they have readable patterns like the other birds, Peter has yet to pick up on them. Peter would be a sparrow, he thinks. Maybe a house sparrow, or a chipping sparrow at a stretch. Spider-Man, conversely, definitely a bird of prey. He flips through his mental catalog of raptor species to try and find a good fit.The wind is at his back and for once he smells Deadpool before hearing him. Peter pulls his mask back down to filter the air — Deadpool is not the nicest smell, although Peter’s willing to give him a bonus point or two for at least smelling like something organic.Roadkill, Peter thinks, is also organic.His fingers keep twitching at the hem of his mask, tap-tapping at his throat, tug-tugging at the fabric. “Hey,” says Peter.“Aww, you heard me? But I was all full-stealth ninja mode! I was totally gonna get the drop on you this time and I had this fuckin’ sexy-ass victory dance all planned out and everything! …I could show you anyway if you want, but without an actual victory it might fall kinda flat. I’m more of a method actor.” His footsteps come closer. “How the hell d’you even do that anyway? You cheated, didn’t you. You’re a fuckin’ cheater! Not all of us have sensey-Spidey-vibrators or whatever the fuck it is you call ‘em. ’S no fair. Some of us actually have to try!”“I don’t need my Spidey-sense to smell you from a mile away.”“So, what, you got like heightened senses or some shit? Like Wolvy or Hornball?”“His name is Daredevil, and no. You just need to shower more. Or maybe stay downwind once in a while.”“You shouldn’t have said that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Spideypool - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort
Explosions
Ableism
Unreliable Narrator
Disabled Character
Fluff and Angst
Mental Health Issues
Trust Issues
Poverty
Cults
Character Study
Misunderstandings
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Autistic Peter Parker
Protective Wade Wilson
Slow Burn
Plot
Porn with Feelings

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

