Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Thor sweeps his cape off his shoulders. The red, velvet fabric is draped over a man kneeling at his feet. Loki is looking over the rest of them. Their conquests. He picks out a blond but Thor doesn't pay that much attention. The man who looks up at him has fierce brown eyes, he's dirty and clutching his middle. Thor will have the Healers look him over. He picks the man up. His grip is far too much for the human who wiggles and curses. Thor throws him over his shoulder, turns his back on the crowd. With a boom of thunder, Thor twirls his Hammer and they're away to the tallest building. Stark's own home. What better than to enjoy his spoils in what was the man's former home?Once they had landed. Thor sought out the nearest sleeping chambers.~*~
"Put me down point break?" Tony growled, he's wiggling and trying to find a way out of the fabric that he's wrapped up in. Thor just laughs. He finds the bedroom, it's furnished with a king sized bed and an iron headboard. Thor smirks, a snap of fingers has gold manacles growing from the iron in all four corners. He dumps Tony onto the middle. Tony rolled away from Thor as fast as he could. Found the ends of the cape on his way. A grip on his ankle pulled him back. Thor laughed."This isn't funny." Tony fumed. He was flipped onto his back. Thor lent down and kissed his mortal prize. "It's not." he agreed. Solemnly. "On my world, this is how its done.""Right, raping someone because you took their home is not how we do it." Tony replied with as much virulence as he could possible manage while pushing Thor away. The god was heavy and didn't move an inch, like a stone statue that's been set in place.Tony breathes hard when he tires himself out. Thor chuckles. "You are quite quarrelsome." Thor said. From his belt he brought out a huge hunting knife. Tony thought this was it. He'd get his neck slashed in his own bed, but, the knife slashed his clothing - the black under suit really - away. Once naked, the scrap pushed to the floor. The magical chains sprung to life and captured his limbs. Pulling him tightly to the bed.Thor stood, then, at the foot of the bed. Looking his prize over. "You don't seem to be in pain, Man of Iron." Thor said."The suit took the brunt of your Hammer." Tony rolled his eyes."Do your ribs not hurt?" Thor questioned. His tone held a bit of care, but Tony doubted it's stave off what was about to happen next; and while he's known for being a kinky son of a bitch, this usually didn't happen without some negotiations."Look, it does, a bit." Tony sighed. "But do you really have to do this? you won?""I would look weak if I did not." Thor replied as if Tony hadn't known this before. "But, I do not want to hurt you out of turn.""Gee thanks," Tony deadpanned. "I appreciate that.""I am sure." Thor agreed. Then he started to divest himself of his clothing. Apparently, he could leave the organizing of their new world to his brother Loki while he took what was owed to him by some ancient society that hadn't gotten around to inventing cell phones. Yet."Tell me, have you ever been with a man afore?" Thor asked, he laid his Hammer on the dresser. The only thing to be put up. Tony blinked at him, then sighed."No," he admitted, because this could go a thousand times worse if he lied. Thor smiled at that, and it'd be a nice smile too if they were friends."Ah, I have picked most desirably." Thor crawled onto the bed. His hands ran through Tony's hair, over his face and neck. Thor kissed him more soundly then. Questing for entrance which Tony gave. It didn't take much to get Tony going, and while Thor's tongue quested in his mouth, Tony felt himself becoming hard. His mouth always was a bit sensitive when it came to kissing.Tony took a deep breath through his nose, kissing Thor back. The hunk of a man chuckled into him and Tony found that he really was into the brute. He really wished Thor hadn't conquered Earth, they could be such buddies. Tony moaned when Thor's tongue laved at the top of his mouth. It sent shivers down his spine.Thor pulled away; "Man of Iron, I am very glad you reflect your own desires thusly." Thor complimented. Tony rolled his eyes."Look, Thor..." he tried out the name, and it made the blond on top of him very happy to hear it. Tony deadpanned; "I like sex, okay, but I like to be asked to have it."Thor nodded. "This is an quandary.""Not really." Tony huffed."Do you not like the chains?" Thor asked. "My scouts told me of various lays of which you liked being tied to the bed." Thor explained. Quite confused."I do like bondage but that's not the...wait...were you trying to get me into the mood by tying me to the bed?" Tony challenged. Thor merely nodded. Tony groaned and sighed, some more."Do you not like it?" Thor asked. He knew, of course, that males of any species could easily become aroused by even the mere gust of wind, even if Tony was hard and weeping for more right now, it was simply his body responding to Thor's mini
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Toys
Butt Plugs
Chains
Manacles
BDSM
Dom!Thor
Sub!Tony
dub-con
Enemas
Cum Inflation
Facials
Cumming on someone
Cum in hair
Lots of cum play
Cock Cages
Orgasm Delay/Denial
this is hard core stuff
i think
Cum Play
cum
Thor likes to play
Slavery
Gags
Au where Thor and Loki took over Earth
self lubing butts
Sex Magic
Cock and Ball Torture
Spanking
Hickies
fucking without stretching first
but there is lube so we're okay
Thor is mean
Tony has some regrets
This is still quite questionable consent wise

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

