Chapter 1: De-Aged Steve Rogers
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Just—come on, just take it. Him. Whatever,” Tony pleaded, trying to peel the screaming toddler’s fingers off the joints of his suit.  “Steve, quit being a dick and go to your Uncle Clint.”“Don’t call the baby a dick,” Natasha retorted from the co-pilot’s seat.  “Yep.  Definitely not a phrase I thought I would need.”“Hey, if the bootie fits,” Tony shrugged, trying to pry Steve’s hands, which seemed to have somehow achieved tentacle-like gripping abilities, from whatever parts of the suit one grabbed onto as soon as Tony managed to get the other one free.  “He.  Won’t.  Let—oomph--Go.” “Why should I take him?” Clint asked as he stowed his bow and arrows on the Quin-Jet.  He shot Tony a disgruntled look as he made his way to sit in the pilot’s chair, pointedly not taking the squirming baby from Tony’s hands, which served to lull Steve into a false sense of accomplishment long enough that he loosened his grip on one of the armor panels in time for Tony to hold him out at arm’s length.  Steve looked bewildered, then managed accusing and sucked in air like he was going diving.“Eh-eh-eh, please no.  Where’s the mute button?” Tony mumbled, pulling Steve back against his chest and cutting off what was sure to be an epic baby bitchfest.  “Um, because you can be called Daddy without it being kinky?” Tony called out to Clint, who ignored him. Tony frowned down at Steve, who seemed happily ensconced against Tony’s side and was currently spending his time trying to reach a chunky hand up to touch Tony’s beard.  A chunky, sticky hand, which was impossible, because he’d been holding the kid—Steve, he amended—since he found him in a pile of rubble and empty uniform trying to gnaw on the edge of the shield with the three teeth he currently had, and there had not been anything sticky around.  And yet, stickiness. Everywhere.“Stop that,” Tony tried, hoping he sounded sufficiently discouraging.  “Does anyone have like a wipe or, I don’t know, a hose?”Steve gurgled happily and promptly spit up on the front of Tony’s suit, otherwise seemingly unfazed by the flurry of activity around him. Well, that’s a giant, fucking metaphor, Tony thought, resisting the urge to roll his eyes.“Guys, a little help here?” Tony asked, holding the toddler out at arm’s length again the moment Steve bobbled the handhold he had on the suit.Steve’s face immediately scrunched up and went red, a hitching wail starting until Tony tucked him back against his chest, patting Steve’s small, curved back gently with his gauntleted hand.  Okay, now the kid’s back was sticky.  God-damn it.  Tony tried to tug Clint’s spare shirt, which they’d tied around Steve’s waist as an improvised diaper, up over his shoulders, but it refused to stay, probably because Steve wouldn’t stop wiggling out of Tony’s way every time he attempted it, like they were playing a game only Steve found amusing. “Would you be still for two seconds?  Isn’t he supposed to be in one of those seat things?  The kind with all the straps and buckles that keeps him from—hey, no, we do not chew on the armor—moving around?” Tony shouted.“Steve seems to like you just fine, Tony,” Natasha suggested, peering around from the co-pilot’s seat.  Steve’s tiny fist pounded on the arc reactor, leaving a sticky smear of God only knew what.  Baby cooties, probably.  “You’re all bright and shiny.”“He’s color-blind,” Tony recited from memory.  “He’s color-blind, he has scoliosis—look at his shoulders, you can see the difference.  He’s got asthma.  Anemia. A heart murmur.  Allergies.  A shit immune system.  God knows what else.  Oh, and he’s what?   Just over a year old or so?  I mean, so, there’s that.  I’m just saying, cute baby, but there are some issues here, which you lot seem to be fine ignoring.  Like, what the holy fuck are we going to do about this?  Thor?  This was your asshole brother playing Daddy Day Care.  Tell me there’s something labeled ‘eat me’ around here other than my boxers.”“Language,” Clint called out from the cockpit, then scrunched up his face.  “Sorry.  Felt it had to be said.”“My brother finds his little tricks amusing,” Thor observed from the back of the jet where he twirled Mjolnir like he was trying out for the majorettes.  The movement distracted Steve long enough for Tony to get the improvised diaper fixed around his waist and chest a bit better though, which seemed to surprise Steve. “You’re the one who always yells at us to pay attention,” Tony whispered, raising an eyebrow in challenge at Steve, who was tugging at his bindings like he wanted nothing in life more than to go Full Monty right there in the Quinjet.“He does not understand the harm he risks with his games,” Thor admitted wearily.  “I am sure this is naught that will last.”“Captain America is drooling on me,” Tony remarked, watching a long line of spittle make its way down Steve’s chin and onto the ar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
De-Aged Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Pre-Slash
Getting Together
Omega Tony Stark
Mildly Dubious Consent
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Identity Porn
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Age Difference
Young Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Anxiety
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Sexual Shame
Body Dysphoria
Power Imbalance
References to Captivity/Torture (i.e. Afghanistan)
Attempted Sexual Assault
Self-Blame
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Knotting
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Royalty
King Tony Stark
Bottom Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Prostitution
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Hooker Tony Stark
Blind Date
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Secret Identity
Large Cock
Cock Worship
Size Kink
Size Queen Tony Stark
Celestial Navigation
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

