Work Text:
It's Bucky's idea.An angry storm is lashing against the window, seeping in under the cracks and stirring up the curtains. Outside it's gloomy and gray and hard rain is lashing alongside the wind. The drains are clogged and the streets are running with water. The singular excitement of the afternoon comes when a big old tree down the block uproots and topples over.All day long they've been trapped inside. Bucky hates confinement, always has, and he's split the time between pacing, speculative monologues, and throwing himself, listless, onto the threadbare bench by the glass and staring down the weather. In the corner, by the second window, Steve is drawing. He'd taken up the position after lunch and hasn't stirred much except to stretch his elbow and shake out his hand. He's drawn the storm, the gusts of wind in branches, caught a couple scurrying down the street, umbrella broken, trenchcoats billowing. He's drawn the cat half-hidden under the car who watches him with a pointed stare, who poses well. He's drawn a self-portrait made of thin lines and imagined himself made of broader strokes. He turns the page.Bucky's treading a path back and forth across the worn carpet of their apartment when inspiration strikes.“Hey,” he calls over, and when Steve doesn't look up he says it again. “Hey. I've got an idea.” Steve has started to draw the ocean. They had the radio on earlier, heard that the ocean was washing in all the way to Red Hook and had punched clear through Coney Island. He starts to draw the ocean flooding through Brooklyn, floating them away, across it. He still doesn't look up because this numbers amongst the dozen times Bucky's hailed him with an idea in the past few hours.“Hrmm,” Steve agrees instead, a Bucky-soothing sound, laying down the foundations for the Brooklyn Bridge. “No, this one's good.” Bucky's annoyed that he doesn't have his full attention, and he stops pacing and paces straight at Steve. He stands blocking out the best light on purpose, throwing shadows across the sketchbook, and Steve bats him away. Bucky says, “Listen, I could do one of your pictures.”Steve blinks. He and Bucky have had a few impromptu drawing lessons over the years, mostly for school projects or if Bucky wanted to make a birthday card on the cheap, but Bucky usually got impatient before long and left the remainder to Steve. He said he preferred making something with his hands in shop-class to paying so much goddamned attention to a pencil but he liked Steve's art and was careful to praise the pieces Steve let him see. Bucky didn't quite have an artistic temperament, not that, but he looked at the ability in Steve with admiration, thought it set Steve apart for better things than the rest of the kids they'd grown up with and Bucky besides. Steve thought it set him apart alright, but not like Bucky said. Still, the encouragement has helped an awful lot, has kept him drawing. They've only been in their shared flat a year past graduation, but they've cobbled the rent from Bucky's shifts down at the Navy Yard and Steve's at the diner, where he makes a damned artistic pastrami sandwich. Lately Bucky has been telling him to go into the diner less and find more drawing students. Bucky's been telling him to take his portfolio over the bridge and show the suits on Madison Avenue. Steve shrugs him off: he's good, he knows he is, but he could be so much better, and he doesn't want anyone but Bucky to see his work until it's perfect. Which means no one but Bucky will ever see it. But if Bucky's bored now, if Bucky wants to sketch -- he could start out teaching something simple, the most basic of --Bucky tilts his head sideways. “You wanna draw me or not? Hell, I could be offended. You drew old Mrs. Hibbins down the hall, and she hardly knew you were doing it, her brain's half-batty as it  is.”“She was a painter herself, once,” Steve starts, and then the gears shift and he processes that Bucky is offering to pose, not asking for a drawing lesson. Bucky wants Steve to draw him. Bucky's bored enough to model, and that's -- that's --“That's -- a fun idea,” Steve supplies, fingers tight around his pencil. “I mean, we could try that if you wanted to.” Is his palm sweating on the pencil? “It'd be pretty boring for you, though, I guess.”“Nah.” Bucky shrugs at the window, the dark clouds rolling in thick. “Got nothing else to do. Trust me, I passed pretty bored a while back.” He fishes free a grin. “I'll be great at this, Steve. You'll see. Better than those fancy college models are.” He backs up a few feet, then reaches behind his head, gets a fistful of fabric and tugs up his tee. It rucks up around his armpits, and then Bucky's shirt comes all the way off, and he tosses it over the couch.If Steve had a stronger grip, he'd have a broken pencil. Instead he swallows, and focuses on brushing bits of eraser from the blank page with extreme care. “What're you up to now?”Bucky shirtless is a very well-known quantity, Steve's been
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
First Time
Slash
Porn
Angst
Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Art
Pre-Serum
Pre-Movie

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

