Chapter 1





Chapter Text
0.
After the events in New York, his rather irritating defeat at the hands of his brother and the band of heroes, Loki needs to…disappear. His allies will not be pleased and he refuses to stay under Asgardian rule when he’s clearly not one of them.
It’s easy to escape his prison, even easier to slip into a time stream and let the past or future hide him.
The stream drops him in Northern California around the end of a century. He’s on a highway and no Midgard would pick up a man as unsettling as Loki. He’s learned that much.
He quickly shifts into the skin of a she.
i.
John had been running in formation with the other police academy cadets when he first saw her.
She was wearing a bright green summer dress, her dark brown hair brushing her shoulders, drawing his attention to her light skin and he’s appreciating her sandals, how they snake up her legs and end in bows when he smacks into a wall.
“That building is new!” He squawked as Sarge and other cadets all stared at him in disbelief.
Oh, but the girl in green had laughed the most carefree sound in the world and he found himself staring at her with his mouth slack, completely dumbstruck that a woman as beautiful as her exists.
ii.
John spends most of his time at the police academy wooing her, Lokke, and it’s a pretty name and so her. She’s everything he’s ever wanted out of a woman. She’s beautiful and so sharp John feels like a fool every time he speaks and she’s got a great sense of humor.
On their first date, they had thrown firecrackers in open car windows two towns over.
How the woman got firecrackers, John could never find out, but he knew that night, he was in love.
He asks her to marry him the night he scares kids spray painting under a bridge off and invites her to turn their tagging into crude diagrams.
iii.
Their wedding is before a justice of the peace after she’s been arrested for public indecency.
“You can’t blame me.” She sniffed, looking far too regal in his uniform shirt. “You are never home and I wanted to get married before our baby was due. I believed this route would reward me with all your attention the swiftest.”
She makes her announcement when his boss and all his coworkers are in attendance of course and there’s plenty of cheering and slaps on the back, his boss excusing the charges in light of the news.
“Just tie her down before she does it again, eh Stilinski?”
John still has the pictures from that day, her in his uniform shirt, the cuffs rolled to her elbows, wearing shorts and flip flops and him in his uniform, spinning her around by the waist.
There’s also pictures as her pregnancy progresses. In every photo, she’s glowing in green and smiling. John will sometimes take the photo album out, and trace her with his eyes until he can remember her laugh and how she would say, “Only fools underestimate my family,” with a viciously loving smile.
He loves everything about her, even when she insists on naming their son Gizurr.
“It was my father’s name.” She says when John voices his frustration at not being able to pronounce the name.
He stares at her stunned for a few minutes because Lokke doesn’t talk about her family. From what he’s understood, she’s on poor terms with them. Her father always preferring her brother to her and he knows this is important to her, even if he doesn’t understand her loyalty to a man not willing to see how wonderful his daughter is. Because she’s his wife and he’s sure she hung the moon and all the stars, he accepts the name.
iv.
“John, Gizurr is fine.” Lokke waves away his concerns. “It’s the rest of this world that is the problem.” A sneer touches her lips and even as sick and pale as she is, she’s ferociously beautiful. “They only think laterally. He thinks sideways, backwards, forwards. They don’t understand him and want to take that away from him.”
He pets her back through the thin hospital gown. They’ve been in and out of the hospital for six months now. A disease they tentatively call cancer, but doesn’t react like anything they’ve ever seen raging through her body. Lokke doesn’t seem all too concerned with it. “What will be, will.” She always kisses him afterwards and he prepares himself for her death.
Stiles, a concession Lokke made when John butchered his real name so badly Stiles began to cry about his father not loving him enough to learn his real name, always sits on the end of her bed after school. He’s there when John picks him up from school and he’s there when John picks him up to go home for the night. Lokke is, teaching him all she can while she can, although he hopes she doesn’t reveal her firework connections to him.
She dies and there’s a hole in their family she used to occupy, but they’re strong. She taught them to be strong and they would make her proud.
v.
Loki has been to earth before.
He doesn’t say anything about his lives on earth. They are private and his. Memories that Thor and Odin can never take from him. Most of his children on earth are dead or b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Sheriff Stilinski
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall

freeform: 
Family
Dubious Morality
Tricksters
Time Travel
Genderbending
Female Loki

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Sheriff Stilinski
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall

