Work Text:


Queen of Hel and Knight of Death


::
Out of all of Loki’s children, Hela has spent the most time around him. While Sleipnir has always been closest to him in proximity, Loki had never been allowed near his firstborn while in Asgard. It would not do for all the nine realms to learn that the Asgardian prince had fathered a horse! No, the youngest prince stood out enough without claiming familiar relations with his father’s prize stallion. Hela, on the other hand, had not been born on Asgard and had somewhat escaped the All-Father’s controlling influence.
Loki had met Hela’s mother, Angrboda, when he was sent to Jötunheimr with some warriors to reaffirm the frost giants’ loyalty to Asgard. Whispers of rebellion had reached the All-Father’s ears and he had not been prepared to let them go without comment. He had been drawn to the female jötunn’s untameable spirit and had made it a habit to visit her whenever he could escape Heimdall’s all-seeing gaze.
Hela had been the first to result from their liaison, only to be soon followed by Jormungand and Fenrir. For the twelve years Hela had known her father, he had been kind, loving, mischievous and fiercely protective of his children. When Odin had found out about Angrboda, a company of Asgard’s finest warriors had been dispatched with all the due haste. Loki had made it too late to save Angrboda, but Hela could remember how he stood unflinchingly before Asgard’s mightiest to defend his children.
It hadn’t done much good, of course. Odin had thrown Jormungand into Midgard’s waters, chained Fenrir in places unknown and, in a show of goodwill to placate his youngest son, had named his only daughter queen of Hel.
The realm of the dead was vast, you see. Death ruled over it all, but did not much care about the souls that did not deserve punishment. Death had claimed Niflheim, the house of the dishonoured dead, as her own and allowed Odin to rule over the halls of Valhala, were the honoured dead resided. Hel was the unremarkable realm. It claimed all the souls that were neither honoured nor dishonoured; the ordinary souls whose life had left no mark behind. While Death held much indifference about Hel, the realm had not been Odin’s to give away. Hela had had her work cut out for her trying to assert her claim, but in the end, she had managed to win Death’s favour.
Hela would not say she was friends with Death, or that she even respected the older woman. They had an amicable working relationship and that was it. This is why when Death’s chosen knight had seen it fit to capture Hela’s father, interrogate him and lock him so deep in his own mind that he could no longer control his own body, Hela had felt no compunction when she turned to the one holding power over Death and asked him to rid the world of the Mad Titan.
::
In the grand scheme of things, a disarming spell sent towards a cowering teenager is a mundane occurrence. However, that one spell Harry James Potter sent towards Draco Lucius Malfoy as an afterthought while escaping from the Malfoy Mansion was the extreme opposite of mundane. That one spell changed the world and, unbeknownst to Harry or Draco, all worlds in the universe.
After the Battle of Hogwarts, Harry snapped the Elder Wand, left the Resurrection Stone in the Forbidden Forest, kept the Invisibility Cloak safe in his possession and went on with his life. He dated Ginny, finished school, got accepted into Auror training, became an expert in avoiding the press and did his best to forget about the new scar that had appeared on his body.
The day he had escaped from Malfoy Manor, the symbol of the Deathly Hallows had appeared like a brand on the hollow below his neck, right where Xenophilius’ pendant had rested on the older man. Harry had seen every healer imaginable and no one could do anything about the mark. All they could tell him was that it could not be healed, it was not a curse scar and it was not negatively affecting him in any way.
It wasn’t until three years after the war that a healer told him something different. He had gone to visit Hogwarts for a Defence demonstration with some fellow Aurors, at the end of which he had stayed behind to catch up with his old professors. Stopping by the Hospital Wing to greet the elderly matron in whose tender mercies he had spent much of his school career, he had been complemented on his health.
Madam Pomfrey had jokingly scanned him with her wand, only to marvel at how perfect his charts came back. According to her, his childhood malnutrition was gone, his eyesight had been corrected and his physical condition was ideal. She had complemented him on his improved health, only for Harry to reluctantly admit that he had not taken any steps to achieve such a goal. His malnutrition and eyesight had corrected themselves, and he kept acing the Auror fitness tests with hardly any effort.
It was that visit that led him to look deeper into the mark, only to find that not only was it not negatively affecting 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Norse Mythology - Freeform
Master of Death

fandom: 
Loki/Harry Potter

