Chapter 1: Voice in the Darkness
    


Summary:

He reaches for the black water – his end, his relief, his due – which seems so far away. He should stand, pull away, try to resist the temptation, but he’s so thirsty-tired-pained-aching and he wants-needs-desires nothing more than a stop to this agony-despair-everything



Notes:
I know that in canon, Kreacher stayed to watch Regulus get pulled under the water. Here, we're going to pretend that Regulus ordered Kreacher away before he went to the water, for some reason like not wanting the elf to witness his death or he was under negative cave enchantment influences or something. I haven't read the series for awhile, especially the last three books, so there may be a few continuity errors with canon, probably small ones similar to the one above. Just ignore them, and I'll try to keep everything as logical as HP can inherently be.This opens up from Regulus' point of view. Specifically, it opens up from Regulus' point of view under the influence of the Drink of Despair. So it's pretty incoherent, rambling, self-depreciating, and depressing. Watch out for that.  Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing,Only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness;So on the ocean of life we pass and speak one another,Only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence.–	Henry Wadsworth, Tales of a Wayside Inn

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 Kreacher – loyal, devoted Kreacher-servant-helper – vanishes with an easy pop! Taking the bad-wrong-wicked locket with him. Good, he… it… needs to be away-gone-not-here. The disappearance – the Disapparition, the escape, the swirling space that cannot touch him here – echoes through the cave. Through the lake. Through this temple to the Dark Lord’s monstrosity. … pop! … pop! … pop! Then the pops disappear too and Regulus is left with nothing but all the regrets of his life. His life wasn’t very long - wasn’t very full either, not of life-living-fulfilling-things, at least – but he has so very many regrets, mistakes, and painful memories anyway. They shriek at him. They hammer at his head and make his thoughts overflow. He could live with the noise-torture-pain, he thinks – it’s nothing that he hasn’t really had to live with before, for all his short, empty life – but it’s the whispers that are driving him mad. The murmurs, the staring, the knowingness trickle out of every dark spot in his mind. Just as they have throughout his hated service – his proud, great, terrifying service; his sickening submission; his eager, devoted, exhilarated sacrifice – but now they are finally undammed as he damns himself. Now they are collecting deep enough to drown him. His fingers scrape over the dry rock, dusty pebbles, and hard ground. He gains cuts and slices and raw skin, but the hurt as he crawls is nothing against the regrets-hate-remorse swimming in his dizzy vision. He crawls forward like a wretch – pitiful, hateful, shameful – and jarred bruises from his collapse to the floor earlier echo-groan-scream as he stretches and drags. But these are nothing too. The only physical pain that can compete with the memories-mistakes-shame threatening to crush him is the agonizing dryness of his throat-mouth-lips-face. Trapped in his throat is a desert-sand-salt-thirst that claws at him, that catches every regret as he tries to swallow them and chokes him. His lungs threaten to burst as the images flash by.  He recalls… he remembers… he relives every dark-curse-bloodshed-evil that he hadn’t truly wanted to cast, but had been coerced into. Along with every dark-curse-revenge-release that he wanted… needed… most desperately desired to cast far too much. He’d known it was wrong-unreasonable-wicked, sometimes, but everyone around him said, ‘good-perfect-well-done’, and sometimes it felt so right-easy-good, and he was such a fool.  In his head-mind-overflowing-breaking-place is every horror he committed and regretted, and every horror he enjoyed or couldn’t dredge anything past the apathy-defence-emptiness for. In his throat is every cry-for-mercy that left his lips too early or too late or not at all, because he was too afraid, too lost, too uncertain. Stand up for the mother – ‘she’s right, you’re too wild’ – and lose the brother. (Too early.) Stand for the brother – ‘stop it, he doesn’t deserve this’ – and lose the mother. (Too late.) Stand up against the father – ‘do something, please, just stop scowling and intervene for once, please’ – and lose the name-family-honour-heritage. (Not at all.) Lose everything, what little there was left to lose. They’re both right, both wrong, both raging and blind, and in the end, he’s lost them all-both-everyone. He can’t please Father – dead, disappeared, vanished now, suddenly too soon gone. He can’t please Mother – angry, sick, leaving slowly now, finally too soon fading. He can’t please Brother – gone, abandoned them, gone now-long-a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Regulus Black/Harry Potter
Regulus Black & Sirius Black
Harry Potter & Lily Evans Potter
Harry Potter & James Potter
Harry Potter & James Potter & Lily Evans Potter
Marlene McKinnon & Harry Potter
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Long Shot
Long
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Character Death Fix
Marauders Era (Harry Potter)
First War with Voldemort
Alternate Universe - Canon
Universe Alteration
Not Canon Compliant - Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (Movies)
Not Canon Compliant - Pottermore
Alternate Character Interpretation
Original Character(s)
Order of the Phoenix (Harry Potter)
First Order of the Phoenix (Harry Potter)
Worldbuilding
Canon-Typical Violence
Rated For Violence
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Mind Control
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Loss
Emotional Baggage
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Introspection
Grief/Mourning
Unreliable Narrator
POV Third Person Limited
POV Alternating
POV Harry Potter
Harry Potter Needs a Hug
Potter Family-centric (Harry Potter)
Harry Potter-centric
POV Regulus Black
Regulus Black Lives
I have so many feelings about Regulus Black
Regulus Black-centric
Black Family-centric (Harry Potter)
Horcrux Hunting
Horcruxes
The Deathly Hallows
Magical Artifacts
Memory Magic
Family Feels
Family Issues
Family Secrets
Friendship/Love
Physical Disability
Pre-Slash
Gen or Pre-Slash
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Slow To Update
Plot
Plot Twists
No Smut
Work In Progress
Self-Indulgent
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Do not repost
do not copy to another site
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Recovery

fandom: 
Regulus Black/Harry Potter
Regulus Black & Sirius Black
Harry Potter & Lily Evans Potter
Harry Potter & James Potter
Harry Potter & James Potter & Lily Evans Potter
Marlene McKinnon & Harry Potter
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

