Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

“In war, truth is the first casualty.” –Aeschylus

What makes a villain a villain? Who decides what’s right and what’s wrong? How far is too far? Just how thick is the thin line we’ve been toeing our entire lives?
How do we justify the things we have done, and will do?

(Why do we justify them at all?)


. . .

He just appears out of nowhere one day.
There is no warning, no reason.
It just happens.
There had been rumors, though nothing substantial, of a red and gold robot flying around Afghanistan, blowing things up. There was a lot of speculation about who or what it actually was, if it was a weapon terrorists had been able to get their hands on, if it was even real at all.
No one expected it to suddenly appear and blow an entire Stark Industries storage building sky high and start shooting beams of energy at the first responders.
It, he, laughs and mocks the SHIELD agents that show up to apprehend him, acts as if it were all a joke, just a game that they had lost and he had won.
They shoot at him and he cackles as their bullets ricochet off his metal (armor? Body?) Frame. He swoops down and lands next to a rookie, throwing an arm around the kid to prevent him from retreating.
“Isn’t it beautiful? I think so.” He says, waving an arm in the direction of the flames, “Though I agree,” he continues as if the agent had said something, “Not my best work. I’ll do better next time.” He promises.
“Next time?” The kid is finally able to squeak out.
“Obviously,” He says as if it were just that, turning a blank face, far too menacing to have such humor coming from it, to the rookie, “I’m having fun.”
Another agent, losing his patience with the tension and inaction of just standing by and watching, shoots the red and gold figure in the back of the head. The bullet, of course, ricochets, like all the others before it. A shout is heard and one of the other agents stumbles, clutching his shoulder from where the shot had gone wide. In his defense, he stays standing.
“Now, why did you have to go and do that? I’m going to get blamed for that, I just know it.” The robotic man sighs and releases his hostage, shooting back into the sky.
Coulson arrives on scene just in time to see red and gold streak across the sky. He takes in the carnage around him that said streak had left and curses on the inside.
He had a bad feeling about this.

. . .

The next day the tabloids and news stations are all screaming and wondering about the red and cold robot destroyer.
About the Ironman.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Villain Tony Stark
Loose Morals
Secret Identity
WIP
Rating May Change
Warnings May Change
Pairings May Change
Possibly Out of Character
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Robot or Not A Robot?
that is the question
Recluse Tony Stark
Not All There Tony
Mental Instability
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
no beta we die like men
funny?

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

