Work Text:
 This was one of the circles of hell probably, Darcy thought. Or maybe a special place in heaven considering the divine pleasure it was to watch Bucky Barnes - perched along the gun range window one over - flex and fiddle with his cybernetic arm while Clint rested calloused hands on her hips to adjust her shooting stance.Now if everyone could just take their shirts off.“Soo, who stuck you two on this job, again?” Darcy asked. Clint’s fingers were applying just enough pressure to make her a little self-conscious about the cushion on her hips while simultaneously making her wish he was holding on tighter.“You complaining, pet?” Barnes asked, barely peeking through a curtain of hair as he screwed a plate back into place on his bicep.She opened her mouth to complain about the nickname but lost the train of thought as gears hummed and five shining fingers flexed and stretched one joint at a time. She swallowed and looked down at the unloaded gun in her hand, reminding herself that ‘ogling the supers’ was for common spaces and nights out. She had to try and act like a professional the rest of the time, or someone might start to question why a political science graduate was still charading as an intern after five years and send her out into the murky job market.“Shouldn’t you be complaining?” Darcy deflected. “Like isn’t there some junior agent who could be doing this? Avengers can’t be giving out shooting lessons on the regular, right?”Clint scoffed, the rough skin of his palms snagging on her t-shirt as he pulled his hands away.“What good is a junior agent when you’ve got the world’s best marksman to show you the ropes?” he asked.“And the world’s best Robin Hood impersonator,” Bucky muttered under his breath.“Cute, Snow Queen,” Clint snapped back. “Keep polishing your nuts and bolts.”“I can come back,” Darcy said. Although she didn’t really want to, watching these two was like watching old buddy movies. All the old-married-couple bickering against the standard male posturing. The two had gravitated toward each other when Steve brought Bucky in, all the while trading barbs and trying to one-up each other on missions. They reminded her of the suite of boys who lived down the hall in her dorms, who let her sit on the top bunk (she was the only one who could without hitting her head) and shared their party mix and lost gracelessly to her at Mario Kart. Except those had been boys. Matt Ochmann had pretty blue eyes and smelled like clean cotton (his mom came to do his laundry every weekend) but James Barnes had pretty blue eyes that gazed darkly and corded muscles and thick thighs and big hands and a Shining Metal Arm That Hummed when he was tense.Never mind Clint Monkey Bar Arms Barton. Yes, there were days when Darcy wanted to detach said arms from their owner and find them a new home with a less obnoxious sense of humor, but Helen Cho said that still wasn’t feasible. And also Barton’s ass was pretty bitable too. And maybe sometimes when he ran his eyes over her she wanted to just take off all her clothes and spread herself out over the nearest available surface.But that was nothing.She definitely had her shit together around these men.She was definitely… licking her lips and staring at the way Clint’s t-shirt was making romantic overtures to his biceps. Damnit.Darcy took a deep breath and let her eyes drop back to the floor, very much aware of Clint and Bucky’s smirks as she turned to face the window overlooking the target sheet.“So I just point and squeeze the trigger?” She said. After clearing her throat twice.“You might want to put the clip in first,” Bucky said.Darcy released a sigh very slowly as Clint reached past her (and yes, thank you Clint, for flexing a little like reaching is real strenuous for you) and picked the ammunition clip up from the ledge. She snatched it out of his hand, perhaps too roughly, and loaded the gun as instructed. Bucky swung himself down from the ledge with a feline grace that Darcy tried to ignore, even as he prowled around her back to stand along her right while Clint pressed up on her left. Bucky’s metal hand settled at the base of her spine, one cool fingertip finding skin beneath her t-shirt. His flesh hand gripped at her hip, turning it out like a ballerina’s and his fingers dug just inside of her hipbone. Clint wrapped his arm around her back to lift her arms up in front of her, both hands joined at the gun. His hands smoothed a straight path down to her wrists and paused.“Darce, why are you shaking?” he asked. His voice was right against her ear and based on the rough tone his voice had taken on, Darcy could guess he was less concerned than he just wanted to make her say it.She huffed and rolled her shoulders, trying to shake off their touch. They simply moved with her, creating friction.“Look, I think that I’ve got this part and if you guys and your arm porn could maybe just stand over there, we’d be all set,” Darcy said trying not to sound breathy and coming off
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
PWP - Porn Without Plot
Arm Porn
Bad Puns
Threesome
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Galentine's Day Exchange

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

