Chapter 1: In which Alex meets the family
    




Chapter Text
It just figures, Alex thought sourly, watching the rain pelt down across the windshield of Hank's car. Six months trying to chat the guy up, and he only actually notices when it's a crisis? Fuck my life.Hank's knuckles were too white on the steering wheel, and he was chattering more than Alex had ever heard him before. Even more than when he'd gotten that xenobiowhateverthefuck article published in that science geek magazine. "It's going to be okay. I swear it's going to be okay. I'm not going to let it not be okay, Alex, you're going to be fine--" "I know that, bozo," Alex said with a sigh, resisting the urge to beat his head against the window. His eighth set of foster parents had just gotten a demonstration of why nobody wanted to keep mutant kids no matter how lucrative the insurance repair and replacement policies were when one of them blew his stack. "Back to the courthouse, roll the dice, see who gets me dumped on them next, I've danced this dance before.""--You shouldn't have to. My parents are great, and I know we've got room for you, and -- my little brothers and sisters are a handful, but they're not bad kids, they're just excitable, and -- anyway, it's going to be all right. Papa knows how the foster care system works, he's probably on speed dial for every case worker in the county, I'm not letting them send you back to -- anyway -- you'll be fine, I swear. I won't let it not be fine--""I'm not the one freaking out here," Alex pointed out idly. "Seriously, take me back to the courthouse, okay? I was just -- I was pissed Jack and Judy just dumped all my books and shit out in the rain. I shouldn't even have called, this isn't your problem--""Of course it's my problem!" Hank burst out. "You're my friend."Alex tried not to wince too visibly. His friend. Just his friend. Yeah. Because the chocolates were just a sadistic prank from the badass jock who couldn't seriously mean he was actually interested in the science nerd. Fuck my fucking life.He did thump his head against the glass a couple times, experimentally. It didn't really help.All of a sudden the rain stopped; Alex looked up at the ornate horse-drawn-carriage-parking-lot-something-or-other Hank had stopped the car beneath, then looked at the rest of the goddamn unbelievable castle attached to the horse-parking-whateverthefuckitwas, and his jaw must have been hanging open or something because Hank gave a far too nervous gulp and a self-conscious ruffle of fingers through his drenched and dripping brown mop of hair."It's going to be okay," Hank said, for the thousandth time, and grabbed one of the soaked cardboard boxes out of the back seat before taking the steps three at a time and unlocking the side door. In something of a daze, Alex helped Hank schlep his four boxes of wet books and one rain-soaked duffel bag into the marble-floored hallway. He couldn't really get any wetter, but he didn't want to let go of the box of comic books; they were all he had left from his dad, and -- they were probably ruined anyway, but he couldn't let them go, and Hank had him by the elbow. As long as Hank knew where to go in this overgrown maze of a building on steroids, Alex didn't need to think, didn't need to spare the energy to keep track of how many places they twisted and turned, and it was a damn good thing nobody was going to come up with the pop quiz because he would've bombed so badly it was pathetic, but he was so far past overwhelmed it wasn't even funny anymore. And this damn house was way the hell too big; all the corridors looked alike, everything was dripping with dark wood and marble floors and oh hey something smelled fucking amazing.The kitchen alone was probably bigger than Jack and Judy's whole house, and it was swarming with teenagers and kids. A man by the stove gave a startled yelp."Hank! You couldn't have warned me your young man was coming to visit? I look a fright -- oh. Oh. Well, never mind then." He turned away from the stove, revealing a bright red apron emblazoned with glittering lips and Kiss the Cook, straining over a startling potbelly at odds with his slender face and the flour-dusted hands he scrubbed on the apron before offering a handshake and a bewilderingly sweet smile."I'm Hank's papa, Charles, and you're both absolutely soaked, aren't you? Good heavens. Sean, run and fetch some dry clothes for Alex and your brother, will you? Angel, are the towels in the dryer done yet? They'd be warmest. And it's a good thing I can't survive without the kettle on. Tea or chocolate, Alex? Because I refuse to let coffee pass the lips of any poor soul in need of comfort.""...What?" Alex croaked. Charles' handshake was just as bafflingly warm and welcoming as his smile, for all that Alex didn't even remember putting out his hand. His brain was throwing him the blue screen of death."Tea, then, because I shall not surrender the last vestiges of civilization without a fight!" Charl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy & Alex Summers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Mpreg
Charles Is a Darling
Erik is Overprotective Of Course
Alex Pulls Pigtails
Language
Occasional violence
of course
because this is an X-Men fanfic
angst is a given
fluff is a bonus
Charles Bakes All the Things
Erik Looks Good in Wet Black Leather
Tea
Scones
References to past trauma
much more fluff than angst though
ALL THE FLUFF

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Hank McCoy & Alex Summers

