Work Text:



By the light of the moon, I'm comin' homeHowlin' all the way, I'm comin' homeOn my hands and knees, I'm comin' homeI know when I've been beat, yeah, I'm comin' home

- Murder By Death
 One last mission, they say, one last mission, like it's possible they would ever let him go. One last mission, he knows, means one last time to see the sun, one last time to feel the wind on his skin before they take everything away and he's left to decay in a glass case in the dark, left to atrophy forever. One last mission for a broken toy no longer fit for his one intended use.He knows it's a big one, an important one, by the amount of time his master's puppets spent in his head, scraping out anything that might compromise him on his mission or them in his capture.He is his master's dog, his master's assassin.His master's 7.62.He screamed as they treated him, as they took everything he'd had left, scrubbing him away right down to a tiny seed of something that had never germinated. He screamed for the first time in decades.The distance to his target is just shy of 800 metres. There's little breeze to stir the sluggish air and there will be no difficulty negotiating eddies and gusts. 800 metres on a becalmed day, as if the city holds her breath on the outcome.He breathes out, takes the shot and knows he's missed, even as the bullet leaves the chamber. He's missed. The target has deviated from a pattern for the first time in two weeks, swaying left instead of right.He's missed, and he knows the target's chances of surviving the shot have skyrocketed.He's missed, and he knows now that he was never meant to go back. That "one last mission" wasn't a promise before mothballing; it was his death warrant writ deep in his own brain.His hand doesn't shake as he presses the barrel of his sidearm into his mouth (it's a Colt and he doesn't know why, but they said take this gun, not your usual one and he doesn't question an order).They find him an hour later, sitting by his rifle, shoulders pressed to the brick wall. Gun in his mouth. They find him with his hand locked around the grip and finger pressed to the trigger but unable to pull. He doesn't know why he can't pull it. He should be dead. He's meant to be dead.He's programmed to be dead.He's embarrassed that he's drooled down his chin and down his front, unable to pull the gun from his mouth. He doesn't know why he's embarrassed any more than he understands why he's still alive. He is his master's will made flesh but he's still alive.He's taken alive when he should have been taken dead, his finger still crooked on a phantom trigger.Russian assassin, they call him, Soviet killer. Terrorist and bastard and murderer. Winter Soldier, they call him—the only familiar name in a litany—as they take him down. He doesn't put up much of a fight. He's not sure whether he's meant to, since he's meant to be dead. It's the only time he doesn't put up a fight.He doesn't remember much about what happens next. There is pain (a lot of it) and chains and faces and bright lights (and he struggles and he screams, because his master's puppets have taken everything, how can anyone expect to take more?) and then he opens his eyes to a prison cell that reeks of antiseptic and every inch of him hurts.There's a phantom pain where there hasn't been for decades and when he slowly, painfully, investigates he finds his arm is gone and the metal parts that attach it to his shoulder too. They haven't left anything behind, stripping him back to the bone, to raw, bleeding flesh as he pulls the bandages away. There's shouting and footsteps and hands on him to hold him down as he tears into his own flesh, because he disobeyed his last order (pull the trigger) and he doesn't want to live.They watch him after that, these people. These Americans. They take away the obvious, the sheet, the pillow case. He tries a noose with the soft cotton of his shirt and they take that and his pants away too. He's naked but for the undershorts and his scars, the heat jacked in his cell because they won't even leave him to freeze to death.He wishes he'd fought harder on the rooftop; maybe he mightn't have been able to complete the first half of his mission, but he could have completed the second. Nothing as elegant as finding his corpse and his rifle, but they'd still have a broken carcass to display. He attacks those who come near him time and again, because someone might get trigger happy and he might get lucky. It's different, difficult, with only one arm to adjust to the change in his balance when he fights, and when he gets a gun in his hand he puts two bullets into the guts of the agent he took it from. The third is meant to go into his own head, but he still can't pull the trigger.They take him down soft, like before, and when he wakes he aches all over, his one good wrist chained to the bed. His wrist bleeds from the metal and it's another sedation and a padded cuff, then no bed at all.He hears them wonder how much the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past Natasha Romanova/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Minor Character(s)
Brainwashing
Suicide Attempt
Non-Graphic Violence
Angst
First Time
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Canon - Comics
Ableism
(they take the metal arm)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past Natasha Romanova/James "Bucky" Barnes

