Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sometimes the universe has a cruel sense of humor. Darcy tends to be the butt of the joke.
For instance, she’s never had unrealistic expectations about her soulmark. Other girls had fantasies about Captain America saying their words, even while he was still frozen, presumed dead. Darcy just hoped she’d get a nice guy who’d treat her well. Maybe that’s the unrealistic expectation, given what her words say, but at least there’s more chance of that happening than of her soulmate being a Disney prince.
So when Thor introduces her to Captain Rogers in the common room when she moves into the Avenger’s new training and development facility, she expects to make friendly conversation, if he glances at her twice. He’s a busy guy, she gets it.
But he’s a polite guy too. “Steve, please,” he says, holding out his hand to her and correcting Thor’s introduction of him. His smile’s warm and she returns it. “Thor’s told me a lot of stories about his brave lightning-sister.”
“When he’s not yammering on about Jane, I bet,” she replies, throwing a teasing smile at Thor. He doesn’t have the grace to look abashed at Steve’s acknowledging nod.
“So what’s your role here, Darcy?” If he’s not actually interested in the answer, she can’t tell. This is why the guy’s a leader: he can make the little people feel important. Even knowing that, she appreciates the attention.
“I’m assisting Maria Hill, but I also make sure that Jane remembers to function like a human being.” She shrugs. “Old habits die hard.” 
“I hope Stark pays you for both,” Steve replies, before calling over his shoulder. “Hill’s in charge of ops, but she’s not always based here, so we might seeing a lot of Darcy.” His words are directed at his shadow, the man who just slunk through the door and froze when he saw Steve had company. Darcy recognizes him and offers a friendly smile, but responds to Steve.
“Can’t complain,” Darcy says, “not when he cleared my student loans and I get to work with his tech.”
When the shadow makes no attempt to move, Thor carries on with his introductions. “Sergeant James Barnes, I’d like to introduce you to Miss Darcy Lewis, master of political science and computer wizardry, soon to be the Avenger’s finest asset.” She elbows him in the gut, which has as much effect as punching a marble statue. “I am sure you will find her to be a fine ally, just as she was to me in my darkest hour.”
Barnes shuffles until he’s almost shoulder-to-shoulder with Steve and gives her the once over. “You don’t look like much of an asset.”
Steve frowns, turning to berate Barnes for his rudeness. Darcy should be rankled by his words, but instead she’s a little shellshocked. Her stomach has apparently just caught a ride on a jet plane, swooping high, and it takes her a moment to react. When she does, nobody seems to be expecting the giddy smile that spreads across her face. She doesn’t put much thought into her next words, but hey, the universe already decided what they’re meant to be, right?
“Hey, just because I don’t have supersoldier juice, doesn’t mean I can’t hold my own.”
She waits for the flicker of recognition on Barnes’ face, but there’s nothing. He doesn’t even respond, just staring at her coolly. She knows she spoke out loud: she heard Thor’s huff of amusement. But she repeats the words anyway, just in case Barnes didn’t hear them.
Nothing. Just a raised eyebrow in response. Steve’s brow has furrowed and when she glances at Thor, he’s also staring at her in question.
“Never mind,” she says, her voice barely above a whisper. The jet engine is crashing and burning, her stomach plummeting and taking her mood with it.
“I’m sorry, Darcy. Bucky is still adjusting to—”
“It’s fine.” Darcy cuts Steve’s apology off. “And you probably shouldn’t apologize for him when he’s right there. He’s not a child or a misbehaving puppy.” She tries to keep her tone light and friendly, but Steve flinches at her admonishment. She notices Bucky’s expression flicker, the vague annoyance at the world giving way to surprise. “Anyway, I’ve got things to be getting on with. Nice meeting you both.”
Her wan parting smile to Thor does nothing to smooth his expression of concern, but she’s out of there before he can say his own goodbyes and follow her. Sure, he can track her down in her quarters later, but she doesn’t head for her quarters. She heads for the sanctuary of Jane’s lab, or rather the space it’s going to inhabit when they’ve finished moving everything in. Because, if she knows Jane, that is exactly where she’ll be.
She’s right. Jane is bent over a machine which still has stray beads of polystyrene scattered over its surface, tearing a strip of duct tape off the roll with her teeth.
“It’s meant to be a day off, Janie,” Darcy says in greeting. “You’re supposed to be unpacking your quarters.”
Jane lays the strip of tape wears she wants it. “I know, but I found a part of the spectrometer in one of the boxes, so I thought I might as well bring it here, and the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
WinterShock - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

