Work Text:

1. Tony Stark

The thing is, Tony doesn't like secrets. 
Well, no, that's not quite it. One thing is that Tony doesn't like secrets. His own, Pepper's, NASA's, SHIELD's, insert-abbreviation-here's... secrets give him hives, hives are bad for his complexion, and that's a shame because his complexion is damn fine. He can say that; he's got the evidence on hand. So, one thing, Tony doesn't like secrets. 
The thing is, Tony's a control freak. 
He controls what he does and when he does it. Or, if he doesn't want to do it, he controls who does it instead. He controls his body. He controls the Iron Man suit. He controls, or has built the AIs that control, his house, his cars, his everything. Tony Stark has been without control before and he doesn't care to repeat the experience. Hence his exceptional dislike for secrets, because secrets = Things Tony Can't Control. 
Which is why he's a bit peeved when he stumbles into Kitchen Number Four one... day, he's going to assume it's day, there are people up besides himself and anyway, everyone knows it gets dark early in December. So he stumbles into Kitchen Number Four – the comfy one – only to find Clint and Agent already there, and he can smell they're keeping something from him.
Well, actually, what he smells is delicious because Clint is cooking. Clint is cooking, something that requires a lot of pots and pans and chopped up things that Tony couldn't name but he'd still like to eat them. Very, very much. But it's obvious that Clint's not cooking for the whole team, oh no. Clint's cooking for two. Those two. Clint and Agent. 
Clint is cooking for Agent. 
"You're cooking for Agent," Tony states in the tone of absolute certainty. 
"Yep," Clint says. Something meaty sizzles and Clint pours a glass of some liquid that smells vaguely alcoholic into one of the pots. 
'Vaguely alcoholic' abruptly transforms into 'heavenly.'
At the table, Coulson smiles. Faintly, but he does. 
"Why?" Tony asks. In his experience, cooking for two only happens on birthdays, dates and anniversaries. It's not anyone's birthday, Clint and Coulson aren't dating and if they were, they wouldn't be doing so in Tony's kitchen, and certainly don't have an anniversary of any sort. 
Tony's sure they don't.
He's mostly sure they don't.
Or, well. Almost mostly sure they don't?
Do they? 
Can they?
"None of your business," Clint says cheerily, and Tony's starting to feel a little unsettled there because Clint's not a cheery guy. Clint's deadpan and almost as ready to take himself too seriously as Agent himself. He's dedicated to SHIELD, just as Agent himself. He doesn't get paid to laugh. 
Neither does Agent.
… Oh god, this is an anniversary, isn't it? Those two are made for each other. They're probably married. 
Oh god, are they married?
"You live inside a building that is owned by Stark Industries, which is my business, which means that actually, you are my business too," Tony points out reasonably. Coulson frowns like he's going to argue the point, so Tony hurries to add, "But, I'll leave you to yours. You can be my subsidiaries. I'll have Pepper draw you up a contract. I already own Bruce. We can be the superheroes of capitalism. Go Avengers! And speaking of going..."
He points vaguely towards the door and then gets the hell out of there. 
And that should be the end of it. Really, it should. Except that Tony keeps wondering if Clint and Coulson are married which makes it a potential secret they're keeping from him which clearly cannot be tolerated. 
JARVIS is no help at all.
"If a secret marriage has taken place, the license might have been obtained under false names. These are SHIELD agents who have conducted a multitude of successful undercover operations," JARVIS says when Tony tells him to hack the records. Any records. "The union might not even have taken place on American soil." 
SHIELD's database is a bust as well. All Tony finds out is that Clint and Coulson list each other as emergency contacts and life insurance beneficiaries. The rest is a bust because Fury has learned to keep the important stuff on paper and Tony's not going to break into SHIELD's archives to find their personnel files. 
So Tony does the only sensible thing that's left. 
He starts a betting pool. 
He figures if he can't find any evidence one way or another, maybe one of his teammates will. If they're properly motivated. 
"Clint isn't married to Agent Coulson!" Steve says, scandalized, once Tony proposes the bet.
Tony shrugs. "Five thousand dollars says they are."
Steve sputters, but Natasha perks right up. 
"Agreed," she says, and Tony wavers for a moment. If anyone would know for sure, it's Natasha. Then again, if anyone would be on Clint and Agent's side, it's also Natasha. This could be a ploy to throw him off the scent. It's exactly the kind of thing she'd do. 
"All right," Tony says. "Steve?"
"I'm not betting!" Steve says.
"Come on, Capsicle, it's practically a team bonding exercise," Tony tells him. "Unity in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Bets
Humor
Angst
Fluff
Marriage Proposal
POV Outsider

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

