Work Text:
The screen of the television goes dramatically dark, and Steve is left blinking rapidly when it explodes into color - literally; the characters on screen are doing everything to blow each other away in a blaze of glory. He takes the opportunity to glance around the room at the team. His team. Clint and Natasha are curled into the large armchair together. Bruce is sitting on the ground in front of them, leaning back against the chair with Natasha's fingers in his hair. Thor and Sam are occupying the other couch, stretched out fully. Bucky is on Steve's right, hogging the popcorn bowl, and Tony is on Steve's left - or at least, he started out on Steve's left. He's now migrated into a position that cannot be comfortable with his head on Steve's lap.The Vision, Rhodey, Wanda and Pietro are all off on a mission, so for once it's just the original team, Sam and Bucky. It's kind of nice. Like a flashback to before everything went to hell. But also better, because now all of that is behind them. He smiles to himself and, as the characters on screen start screaming, shifts a little. He's trying to be subtle to avoid waking Tony, because he knows Tony hasn't slept much for the past week. He's been strung out between an increased workload and nightmares. Unfortunately, it doesn't work. Tony's face wrinkles and then his eyes open slowly."Sorry," Steve mouths, knowing that any words will be lost in the explosions and screaming from the television, but Tony just stares at him for a long moment, eyebrows furrowed, like he doesn't even know who Steve is. Then Bucky moves, leaning forward to grab his drink off the coffee table, and Tony reacts. The sound that comes out of him is one that Steve has never heard him make before: too high-pitched to be a yelp, but definitely pure fear. Tony jolts up, eyes wide and panicked, and falls off the couch. "Tony!" Steve exclaims."What the hell?" Bucky says at the same time, looking at Tony like he's lost his mind.Tony scrambles to his feet, uncoordinated and flailing, and either he's still half asleep and seeing things that aren't really here, or - Steve's heart skips a beat when Tony backs up a step, nearly tripping over the coffee table. His fingers grab at the hem of his shirt, worrying at the fabric in a very familiar way, and tears are welling up. This isn't just a nightmare. It's a drop, which is kind of like an entirely different nightmare. Steve stands up, intending to usher Tony away from the group so that they can handle this in private, but Tony flinches away from him."No," he whimpers, shaking. "Please... don't.""JARVIS, pause the movie," Bruce says, and now the rest of the team is definitely paying attention. Tony doesn't even seem to realize that they're in the room, though. He's still staring at Bucky and Steve like they're going to attack at any moment. "Tony. It's okay. You're safe here," Steve says, forcing aside the worry and alarm to sound calm. As oblivious as Tony can be normally, he's very attuned to emotion in his little headspace. He tends to pick up on and react to whatever Steve is feeling. If Steve is freaking out, it's going to send Tony into a full-on meltdown. And they've been there so many times already, and Steve has no desire to go back if they can avoid it. Especially in front of the team. Even though they all know about Tony, and most of them have been around him at least a couple of times, Tony still gets uncomfortable around anyone but Steve.Tony shakes his head, his breathing coming a little faster. "No. Please...""Please what?" Steve asks, not understanding.Terrified brown eyes dart from Steve to Bucky and back again. "The bad man is gonna shoot me again."Bucky freezes. So does Steve. In fact, it feels like all of the air gets sucked out of the room. No one moves. Tony's shaking gets worse, until, with a sob, he breaks. He sprints across the room, heading for what used to be the bar. It's still in a state of being halfway remodeled, because adult Tony tore out the bar itself but never bothered to finish the project, and the large cupboards underneath that used to be for storage are still there. Tony beelines for them, scrabbling at the doors until he gets them open and can squeeze himself inside. The door is yanked shut behind him and immediately there's a flurry of terrified sobs as Tony dissolves into tears.It's Natasha who moves first, climbing out of her chair with an unfair amount of grace and padding over to Steve on bare feet. She punches him hard in the arm and hisses, "Don't just stand there, dumbass. Tony's upset. Go talk to him.""Right," Steve says, snapping out of his dumbstruck state, and rushes across the room. Opening the door when Tony is this upset is not a good idea, so he just crouches down and whispers, "Tony, baby, please come out. No one is going to hurt you, I promise. Tony? Sweetheart?""No," Tony sobs. "He's gonna shoot me again an' you won't stop him, just like before."Steve flinches, because Tony's right: he ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Baby Tony
Daddy Steve
Big brother bruce
Big Brother Thor
Cuddling
Crying
Panic Attacks
Nightmare
Post Civil War
spoilers for civil war trailers
civil war spoilers
Pacifiers
Diapers
Teddy Bears
self soothing
drops
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Thor
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Steve Rogers
Oblivious Steve Rogers
all the love for tony okay

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

