Work Text:
"I'm hoping that you just called my parents hippies and not criminals," Darcy says through gritted teeth. She's glaring across the table at the seventh, yes, seventh suited automaton she's had to talk to that day and not one of them has had the foresight to bring her a coffee. 
Darcy's about to smack someone, preferably someone holding a coffee so she can steal it.
"I don't really see a difference," Seven says. Darcy is about one point zero three seconds from launching herself across the table and strangling Seven with his Walmart tie when the door to the interview room opens and another man slides through. 
He's looking a fascinating mix of apologetic and pained and Darcy decides that eight might be her lucky number.
"Agent Warnes, I'll take it from here," he says, glaring when Warnes doesn't move quick enough. The new guy has a Starbucks cup in hand that he sets it down in front of her.
"Oh sweet Elmo, thank you," Darcy groans, snatching the cup off the table. 
"Miss Lewis, I'm Agent Coulson. I'm sorry to have-"
"Don't apologize," Darcy says but before he can misinterpret that for forgiveness about her current situation, Darcy narrows her eyes. "Really, don't. I don't want the first thing out of you to be an empty platitude. You'll lose the points you got from the coffee and the tailored suit."
Coulson looks down at himself, looks back up at Darcy. "Right, of course," he says crisply.
"All I want out of you is why I'm here and how I can get un-here," Darcy says around the lip of the cup. "There didn't happen to be a muffin to go with this coffee did there?" 
"Are you hungry?" Coulson asks, winces ever so slightly when Darcy raises an eyebrow at him. "No platitudes and no stupid questions, right."
"Them's the rules," Darcy agrees. "Is this all because I failed the PCR test?"
"You didn't... there's no failing a PCR test," Coulson says. "There's a positive and negative result."
"Mine was positive."
"Yes."
"Then I failed."
"Some would see it as a great opportunity," Coulson says, but he says it in a way that sounds like a company line he doesn't quite buy. Darcy thinks that maybe, outside of this interview setting, she might like the guy. 
"Great, how about you get one of those people to take my place and leave me the hell alone."

*
Agent Phil Coulson, it turns out, is someone Darcy does get to like, even if it's grudgingly. He's the sane buoy on the ocean of crazy her life has become, his office one she can flounce into if it's otherwise unoccupied and Stacy, Phil's tiny but terrifying personal assistant, gives her the nod.Darcy's pretty sure Stacy's trained in ways to kill a person with office supplies.
Darcy's in Phil's office now because it's been a month of waiting which is a month too long. She's been given a hotel room which is nice because she's seen the monk-like accommodations the onsite agents and riders have to use, but even limitless room service loses its appeal eventually.
Darcy is sick of massages. She didn't even know that was possible.
Darcy's waiting for a Hatching and she knows logically that Phil has absolutely no power to hurry it along, but he has the power to be present when she complains bitterly about that fact which is all she needs. "I've been the wallflower at three of these things already. Do I really have to go to a fourth to prove that the dragons just aren't into me?"
"I'm suspecting there was more than one pop culture reference that I missed in what you just said," Phil says, not looking up from the open folder in his hands. Phil's like the big brother Darcy kinda wishes she'd had. She has to fight the urge daily to muss his hair just because he always looks perfect but she's pretty sure Stacy would ninja chop her into next week. "Four is the best indicator that we're not going to match you."
"Are you going to tell me it's changed to five when I've done the fourth?" Darcy asks.
"No, four is the magic number. You don't spike at four, you're released on your own recognizance." Phil looks up at her with a patient smile, mild as ever. 
"Do I smell or something?"
"If you did that would be a good thing. Dragons are mostly pheromone driven." 
"I'm just starting to take it personally is all," Darcy says when Phil frowns at the way she's kicking at his feet under his desk. 
"I can't imagine anyone finding your company less than sparkling," he says drily.
"Oh har, har."
"It's nothing you're doing," Phil says, setting his paperwork aside finally and steepling his fingers. 
"Just-"
"Darcy, you don't want to spike, do you?" he asks, a touch puzzled. 
Darcy opens her mouth, closes it again. If Phil had asked her that a month ago she would've been sure of her answer. Now though, having been exposed to SHIELDD, Darcy's starting to wonder what she was so excited to get back to in her normal life. 
Her parents had been less than thrilled that she'd been picked up during a routine PCR screening. She'd been tested back in Iowa during high school but the labs there had been using a pre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Dragons
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

