Chapter 1: Key Lime Cupcake Meetcute
    




Chapter Text
“So how long will you be staying in New York?”Darcy looked around at what was to be her new apartment in Avengers Tower, as she talked on her phone with her mother. She’d never set foot in this particular space and yet it already felt like home, as bits and pieces from her old rooms growing up, had been strategically placed throughout the area. She sighed. “Indefinitely.” “I’m glad you decided to move home, it was the right move, sweetie. I take it, since you’re not over here with me, that you’ll be staying with your father?” Darcy shook her head, thinking of the place she used to go to school, the one her mother was now co-headmaster of. “Don’t take it personally, mom. I have no desire to live at a school anymore with a bunch of…walking time-bombs. Even if it’s a luxurious estate. I mean, there’s always some kind of crazy drama going on over there.” “And the people living in the tower are not also walking time-bombs? Need I remind you …“YES, yes, I realize that the Avengers are crazy-pants, too. But it’s a different brand of crazy, I can’t explain it.” “Don’t you forget that you are our particular brand of crazy.” “I don’t. And I’m proud of my crazy. But for now, I like the idea of living in Manhattan for the time-being…and I just didn’t have the energy to think about finding my own place. I need a breather for a minute.  And, fyi?  Dad doesn’t hover.” “I don’t hover.” “Mom. You’ve spent most of my adult life trying to convince me to move back in with you, and attempting to wrestle me into a uniform that’s ninety percent corset. I'm not comfortable wearing ‘fuck-me-pumps’ and a top that barely covers my nipples 24/7. Honestly, I have no idea how you do it. ”  “Fine. If that’s the way you feel, but it doesn’t change the fact that you could conquer the world with those assets you inherited from me.” Darcy sighed. “I suppose I’m a disappointment to both of my parents. I just don’t have the kind of ambition to be anything where my superhero name could include the word 'Queen'.“I’ll be over here holding out hope, sweetie. And speaking of ambition, are you still working with that Dr. Foster?” She shook her head, as she knew that her mother never really liked Jane very much, accusing her of influencing Darcy’s so-called poor fashion choices, but when you’re hanging out in cold and rainy London, or a chilly night-time desert, sweaters, cardigans, and scarves just made sense. “Yeah, mom. Jane’s already set up over here … I was just staying in London out of some pathetic hope that I could work things out with Ian, but it’s over. It’s done.” “He was never good enough for you, Darcy.” “Why? Because he wasn’t rich and powerful?” Darcy could hear her mother click her tongue. “No, honey. Because he wasn't your equal. Honestly, there’s not many people out there who could be your equal, I see you needing more than what just one man can give you … and that boy was always sadly outmatched. I really have no idea what you saw in him.” “Well...Ian was…normal. Too normal, in the end. I mean, he loved to go bird-watching. I thought it was adorable at first, but turns out, it’s annoying. And I realize now that it was naive, but it was nice being around a guy who’s biggest fear was Arsenal losing a soccer match, or football, or whatever. Not, you know, if his mutant abilities could kill people unintentionally. Plus, he saved my life.”“That’s total bullshit. You could have saved your own life.” Darcy shrugged. “Yeah, but that’s not the point. He didn’t think twice about defending me…and he did it before I had to blow my cover.” “So you’re still insisting on staying in the closet? Still using your middle name instead of Frost?” “I thought you understood this, mom. I just want to be my own person. You and dad cast very long shadows. Once people find out who my parents are, it’s all they see in me. They’re like, ‘oh, she inherited Emma Frost’s boobs and Tony Stark’s sarcasm, but isn’t it such a shame that she didn’t inherit her mother’s supermodel body and perfect blonde hair ... along with her father’s genius swaggering charm.'  I'd rather just be me.” “You are so very beautiful, my precious girl, and charismatic.” Darcy rolled her eyes. “Maybe. But not quite as beautiful as you, and not as charismatic as dad, and that would be my legacy. Almost, but not quite, as good as my parents.” “You’re being ridiculous.” “Maybe. I don’t want to talk about it anymore.  Think we could move on to something else?” “Fine. But why are you still following Jane Foster around? You could be doing anything you want. Anything.” She paced around her new apartment. “I love the work. And Jane is my best friend, my ‘bond girl’, things are just more fun with her, it’s comforting, being around her … and I need that right now.” “Oh, don’t tell me you’ve bought into that silly ‘bond’ nonsense.” “Don’t knock it till you’ve tried it.” “I have no desire to be a slave to the more baser instincts of humanity, an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Erik Lehnsherr/Raven | Mystique/Charles Xavier
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Smut
Humor
Platonic Bonding
Smuff
so fucking fluffy it hurts
Epic Friendship
Triumvirate dynamics
lightly crackified
romantic bonding
WinterShieldShock - Freeform
ShieldShock - Freeform
WinterShock - Freeform
OT3
BAMF Darcy Lewis
UST
RST
this is not your grandma's a/b/o
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Darcy Lewis
Darcy isn't your typical Omega
Mutant Powers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Erik Lehnsherr/Raven | Mystique/Charles Xavier
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

