Work Text:
The first time it happens is right after a particularly long and exhausting battle, when Tony is too dead on his feet to process it’s even happening, let alone protest it. It had been an all-hands-on-deck situation, and the fight had gone on for hours, leaving even Bucky and Steve with their super soldier stamina dragging. Once it was all said and done, everyone had more or less just collapsed in the common room, half of their uniforms still on and too tired to move much further. Tony, though, had come in through the workshop so he could take his suit off, so when half an hour passes without any sign of him, Bucky goes down to check on him. When he steps into the workshop he’s greeted with the sight of Tony slumped forward against a worktable, a broken Iron Man gauntlet on one hand and snoring away. “Come on, sleepy head.” Bucky mutters fondly, running a hand through Tony’s hair and trying to tug him up. “You can’t stay here, you’ll get a crick in your neck. Let’s head up to bed.” Tony grunts and snuffles lightly, turning his head to smile blearily at Bucky, then dropping it right back to the worktable. Bucky suppresses a snort and bends over to remove the gauntlet, placing a kiss to Tony’s temple when he’s done. Tony hums sleepily and leans into him, which gives Bucky an idea. He pulls Tony closer, carefully arranging his head to rest against Bucky’s shoulder and hooking an arm under Tony’s legs. It takes little effort to lift him up, and then Bucky has a surprisingly light load of snuffling, sleepy superhero in his arms. Tony barely stirs, even when Bucky starts walking, and only shifts to press his face into Bucky’s neck, his breath coming out in soft puffs against Bucky’s skin. Bucky can’t help but smile, liking the warm weight of him, and the easy way he curls into Bucky’s embrace. 

The next time Bucky does it, it’s simply a means to get Tony away from his latest work-binge and upstairs for a meal and a nap. “Tony, come on. You need a break.” Bucky cajoles, running his hands over Tony’s shoulders and lightly pressing his thumbs into the tense muscles he finds there. “You’ve been down here for almost two days straight. Those upgrades can wait until tomorrow. Come upstairs, get something to eat…” “Can’t,” Tony responds, not taking his eyes off his work and leaning back into Bucky’s touch despite his words. “What if there’s a call to assemble? I need the gauntlets in top shape-” “Which won’t happen if you’re dead on your feet and starving while you work on them, let alone if we do get a call.” Bucky reminds him, turning Tony’s chair around so Tony is facing him. “You’re exhausted. Let’s go grab something to eat and lie down - just for a little while - and then you can finish these up.” Tony frowns, clearly not taking the bait, so Bucky breaks out his secret weapon. “Please, doll? For me?” he asks, putting on his best puppy-dog eyes. Tony visibly wavers, biting his lip. “I guess I can…” he hedges, glancing uncertainly back at his screens. Bucky smiles and let his shoulders drop in relief, standing back up straight so Tony can stand. “...just as soon as I’m done.” Tony finishes, and tries to turn his chair back around. Bucky barely suppresses a groan, and, taking in the bags under Tony’s eyes, makes a decision. “JARVIS, shut down and save everything,” he says, before unceremoniously scooping Tony up and marching towards the stairs. He thinks he hears JARVIS say something in the affirmative around Tony’s squawk of indignation, but doesn’t stop to make sure. “Bucky, put me down!” Tony cries, face flushed adorably as he tries to wiggle free without getting dropped on his ass. “I’m not a child - put me down, right now!” “Nope,” Bucky replies cheerfully, adjusting his grip on the wiggling genius without slowing his pace. “And you’re throwin’ an awfully big tantrum for someone claiming not to be a child.” Tony glares at him mutinously, but ceases his flailing. “This is humiliating,” he grumbles, crossing his arms. His blush spreads down to his neck, and Bucky can’t help it - he hoists Tony up a little higher and kisses him, pleased when Tony reciprocates with a happy hum. “Okay, maybe it’s a  little  hot,” Tony concedes when Bucky pulls back, pupils blown wide. Bucky laughs and jostles him a little, planting a sloppy kiss on his cheek. “Just  a little ?” he asks, grinning cheekily. “I go to all the trouble of sweeping a fella off his feet, and-” Tony huffs and whacks him on the shoulder, but settles back against Bucky’s chest and lets Bucky carry him the rest of the way to the kitchen without complaint. 
  “Okay, now it’s just getting weird,” Clint grumbles, pointing a thumb at Bucky and Tony as they walk by. Well, as Bucky walks, anyway. Tony is once again being carried, his head resting comfortably on Bucky’s shoulder, reading something on his tablet and seemingly oblivious to his surroundings. “What do you mean ‘getting’? It’s  been  weird, man.” Sam points out, watching as Tony pulls a cracker out 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
Tumblr Prompt
Prompt Fill
Fluff
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Cuddles
Protective Bucky Barnes
Adorable Tony Stark
Imagine your OTP
imagine tony and bucky

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

