Work Text:
"How long have the two of you been dating?" Nat questioned, fingering the quality of the scarf in front of her.  She picked up the price tag and her eyebrows turned down, visibly unimpressed by the cost of the product for what she judged the design and quality to be. She dropped the scarf, leaving it to swing back into place, and moved on to the next one, repeating the process.  There was an upbeat pop holiday song piping through the speaker system, subliminally convincing people to purchase more presents, Bucky could only assume.  It didn't take much to convince him to spend money on things.  Nat, on the other hand, knew exactly what she wanted and what her budget was for it before buying anything.  It was probably the responsible way to shop for gifts, but people rarely accused Bucky of being responsible."Two months," Bucky answered, leaving off the amount of weeks/days/hours over two months he'd been in a relationship while he stared at the scarves and wondered if one would be an appropriate present for Steve.  A scarf couldn't be the only present, could it?  Even one that cost $100 and was made of cashmere.  Steve was worth more than that.Or was that something he shouldn't equate? Bucky had trouble with what conventional things to think and say were, sometimes.  Was it ok to put a monetary value on your significant other and use it to gauge the cost of presents?  Especially since the monetary value was 'priceless'?  He'd have to ask Steve."There's your answer," Natasha answered as though that was an accurate measurement for Bucky.  Bucky stared at her with a questioning expression."Get him something that reflects two months together," she elucidated.  "Something small."  She'd shown up to their morning of shopping wearing a light fitted jacket, despite the fact it was snowing out and had reached temperatures a few degrees below freezing. Bucky was wearing a thick wool peacoat and a scarf.  He was dying of sweat and the thousands of people walking through the department store were not helping matters.  He felt more sour than usual at the idea that he might have sweat stains the moment he took his coat off.  He'd probably have to sit through their lunch wearing it if he wanted to maintain his sense of effortless fashion and chill.  Bucky felt like standing in the winter accessories section was Natasha's way of lowkey mocking him.Bucky held up the scarf quizzically."No," Natasha responded, dragging it out of his grasp and putting it back on the display wall.  "$100 for a scarf is inappropriate.""I can afford it," Bucky sulked."Can Steve?" she questioned in a casual tone, heading into the jewelry section.  "His job doesn't pay as well as yours does.  How is he going to feel if you buy him something expensive and he gets you a $20 gift card?  How are you going to feel?""Relationships are stressful," Bucky observed, doing his best not to kick his foot against the bottom of the ring display case. If he did that, the thing truly on display would be his own childishness."Yes," Natasha answered directly.  "Welcome to the world of trying."  "I don't like it," Bucky pouted, and then mentally reeled back, feeling almost a panic for even coming close to implying what that implied.  "I just mean... I don't like not knowing what I'm doing.  I didn't mean Steve.  I love Steve."Natasha pursed her lips and observed him.  "As you told him three weeks into dating.""Don't make fun of me," Bucky responded, eyeing the expensive watches.  If a scarf cost too much, a watch would be ridiculous.  Bucky was capable of learning.  Sure, he'd told Steve he loved him ridiculously early, but he'd felt like it had been important at the time, like one of the defining moments of his life.  Bucky Barnes.  In love.  Who would have thought it was even possible?  No matter how many of his friends raised their eyebrows and tried to explain the difference between love and infatuation, and how he must have confused the two (easily enough to do, Buck, when you've never been infatuated before), Bucky still felt like being honest about his feelings was the right thing to do. "The jokes write themselves," Natasha said, showing Bucky a wallet insert for photographs that she plucked from a revolving accessories rack. "This seems your speed.  Print all those selfies I know you took of your dates.""I don't think the jokes are funny," Bucky responded, but snagged her suggestion from her hand, because it was a terrible idea but would make for a hilarious and cute stocking stuffer.  It would make Steve smile, and that was worth doing something as cheesy as what she was proposing."Huh," Natasha observed.  "You must be in love with him if you consider that a good present."What he was capable of learning was how to think of Steve and consider how it would feel to him.  He'd learned to censor himself as part of what it was to feel more and more into someone the more time passed. There were better moments in time than others to blurt out life-changing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Romantic Comedy
Established Relationship
Holidays
Valentine's Day
Fluff
Marriage Proposal
Cute

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

