Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky is reading when the nurse wheels the new guy in, and he mutters a curse under his breath. Looks like he’s getting a new roommate. He shouldn’t be surprised; it’s been 36 hours since the last occupant of the bed across from his (72, coronary bypass, called Bucky “son” and the nurses “sweetie”) was released, and he knew he wouldn’t have the room to himself for long. He was hoping for at least one more night, though. It’s hard enough to get any sleep in this place, harder when he’s consciously trying to be quiet so nobody will know he’s awake, which seems like it magnifies every sound up to and including his own breathing.At least the kid looks too sick to be chatty, Bucky thinks, and then reproaches himself for being like that. Especially since, on a second glance, the new guy looks like death on a cracker. Bucky assesses him at 5’5” and a hundred pounds at a generous estimate, and he’s never seen anybody whose skin he’d actually describe as gray before. Gina, the nurse, doesn’t even brace herself before she says, “Okay, Steve, up we go,” and practically dead-lifts him from the chair to the bed.“Thanks,” New Guy Steve mutters, in about the least appreciative voice Bucky has ever heard. If this guy gives Gina lip, Bucky will smack him, sickly or not. But then he starts coughing, and Gina sits him up, fits an oxygen cannula onto him, and starts rubbing her hand in circles over his back. Bucky pretends to go back to his book while she helps Steve ride out the coughing fit, but there’s really no ignoring the fact that the poor bastard is hacking up a lung over there. When he’s done, Gina pours him a glass of water and gives him the nurse-call button, and Steve falls back against the propped-up bed, out like a light almost before Gina turns away.“Hey, Gina?” Bucky calls, softly, as she’s moving toward the door.Gina heads over to his bed, putting on a smile in spite of the fact that she has to be dog tired. Gina’s good people, and when he gets out of here, he owes her a fruit basket or something. “What’s up, Sarge? I hope the IV isn’t acting up again.”“Nah, I’m fine, but could you pull the curtain a sec?”She does, and then she sits down, which is probably against the rules, but hell, she’s been on her feet all day and he’s not going to tell on her. “So, new guy,” he says, pitching his voice low and quiet. “What’s his deal?”“Pneumonia. But don’t worry, we wouldn’t have him in here if he was contagious. They’re running out of beds upstairs, and he’s on enough antibiotics to kill a horse.”“Jesus. I had pneumonia once, but I don’t remember it being that bad.”“You didn’t have it on top of asthma and a heart condition. Steve, there, has a frequent flier card in the ER. It’s a vicious cycle I see a lot—can’t cover his hospital bills, skips his meds to save money, can’t stay out of the hospital without them, racks up more bills, repeat.”“That sucks,” Bucky says, and then he stops. Goddammit, he doesn’t have the spare emotional energy to sympathize with a random stranger. He’s only got a couple more days in here, and then he’ll never see the guy again. “Could you give me a hand up? I need to hit the head.”He’s been through it enough times that this shouldn’t bother him anymore, but Bucky’s been trained to be self-sufficient, and asking for help never gets any less humiliating. At least Clint brought him some sweatpants, so he doesn’t have to do this with his ass hanging out. Gina helps him move the pole with the morphine drip so he can concentrate on not falling off the crutches, which would be tricky enough if his prosthetic hadn’t been acting up ever since the crash—and it’s going to keep doing it until he can get over to the VA center in Manhattan and have it fixed. Thank God he heals fast.He steals a look at the new guy as he passes him on the way back to his own bed. The initial assessment holds up: skinny young guy with dirty-blonde hair, somehow fever-flushed and deathly pale at the same time. Dark circles under closed eyes and a little scar high up on one cheek. Eyelashes that more than one woman of his acquaintance would probably kill for.
Jesus, Buck, where’d that come from? The guy’s not even your type.
He wonders what color Steve’s eyes are, when they’re open. Bright fucking blue is what Steve’s eyes are in the morning light, which completely ruins Bucky’s already nearly inedible hospital breakfast. He’s pushing the gooey egg-powder mess aside and reaching for his book again when Steve says, “I hope I didn’t wake you last night.”Bucky looks up. His eyes meet Steve’s, and his stomach does a flip that makes him almost glad breakfast was so gross. “Huh?” he says, because that’s the kind of super-intelligent dialogue that comes out of his mouth before coffee.“With the coughing. I know it’s pretty revolting.” Steve clears his throat. “Sorry.”“No worries. My sister’s got asthma, so I know the deal.” Too late, he re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts (mentioned)
Ableism
Hospitals
I Promise This is Not as Dark as the Tags Make It Sound
Avenger Bucky Barnes
De-Serumed Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers: Aggressive Chihuahua
Deaf Clint Barton
Sassy Steve Rogers
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Complete
Bucky Barnes' Coffee Addiction

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

