Chapter 1





Chapter Text

I Don't Want to Lose Your Love Tonight

Chapter One
Tony isn't exactly sure what he's feeling for his Brooklyn Twins—Okay, maybe he does, but he hesitates in calling it love. Though he will never admit it aloud, this feeling, which he has spent years hiding from, scares the shit out of him. He'd been taught since childhood that love is for the weak and if you allow yourself to love or be loved, you are allowing yourself to be controlled. And that stuck with Tony for years with his father enforced that ideal daily. From there, fear grew inside of Tony, creating a wall that most ran screaming from, and hatred grew. He detested the idea of someone having any type of control over him, no matter the level. He would and still will rebel at every turn.Because of that, the genius doesn't know what to call this feeling that he has for his super soldiers. He knows it's more than just liking them-Definitely more. His mood always brightens up when they're in the room, and his heart skips a beat whenever they smile at him. His chest tightens with every smile aimed at him. Sure, Tony has a sexy smile, which he has been told over a hundred times, but those people haven't seen Bucky and Steve smile. If they did, they wouldn't be saying that. They would be drooling over the Brooklyn Boys' smiles, forgetting everything else around them. Forgetting their name. Forgetting to eat, to sleep.The world would be a hot messes, too focus on these men's hotness. Though, Tony thinks they can bring about World Peace just by them smiling… Or cause the world to stop and create global destruction as everyone just stares at them, which is more likely the case. Seriously, their smiles should be illegal, because there's no doubt that women will get pregnant just by Steve and Bucky smiling. They can just take a walk through Central Park and boom! Every women—and men if it's possible which Tony is all too happy that they can't as he would probably be knocked up already— no matter the age get pregnant instantly.So fucken unfair.But heck, he finds it sexy as hell, and he just melts.However, that isn't the only reason why he cares deeply for those two. He adores their laughs, the tones in their voices, and he finds himself doing things to make them smile and laugh without even realizing it. Stupid things. Really stupid things that he had never thought he would be doing. He, in fact, had made a rule way back when that when he started dating to never do these things, but here is he doing them… Maybe, that's what his father meant, but Tony doesn't want to look at it like that. He doesn't want to see it as them controlling him. He wants to see it something more, because it has to be if it makes him feel like this.It just has to be as they also do things to make him smile. This relationship isn't one sided in the least. Bucky brings him food all of the time, making sure that there's always something for him to eat when he comes up for air. No matter how late it is, the former assassin is always up to cooking or making something for him. He hardly has to beg the man, and Tony just loves that. Plus, he adores the look in James' eyes whenever he makes him something.Then there's Steve, who knows what Tony needs before he knows. He knows when Tony needs cuddle time or alone time, though he never gives the genius too much time alone, as he knows what silence does to him. Someone, he knows the exact time to come down and get Tony, and Tony likes that. He likes that he doesn't have to tell Steve or hide what he needs or wants. He likes that he doesn't have to change like what he had to do with Pepper.He adores how possessive those Brooklyn Boys are with him. He loves how they like to leave their marks on him; no, they aren't over the top or unhealthy about it like some couples are, but it's just enough to remind him how much they care and want him, him! Which is a good counterbalance for his over the top insecurities. Serious, his insecurities are the size of Mount Rushmore, which makes it's surprising that those two put up with him and his baggage. He expected—still expects them to run for the hills every time he does something stupid, which is quite often considering he's a fucken genius who likes to test his limits.It also doesn't hurt that Barnes and Rogers are the finest men on the planet. Seriously, Tony could and does drool every time they take off their shirts, and who wouldn't? James and Steve are pure muscle without even one ounce of fat on their bodies, and they're like two finely chiseled gods. Two examples of perfection that everyone- including straight ass men- can't help but look at. And when they wrestle each other in the gym for sport or in— oh, god, help him—the bedroom for pleasure, Tony can't help but watch at times. Seriously, he can get off just by watching them.Okay, maybe that isn't completely true. He does like to be touched by the both of them, likes to be touched a lot, but he likes to watch at times. He k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Polyamory
OT3
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Self-Denial
Self Confidence Issues
Post-Civil War
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Bucky Barnes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Rhodey
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

