Chapter 1: Probabilistic Combinatorics (Iron Man)
    




Chapter Text

It is sometimes said that probabilistic combinatorics uses the fact that whatever happens with probability greater than 0 must happen sometimes (Wikipedia)
The probabilistic method is a nonconstructive method, primarily used in combinatorics and pioneered by Paul Erdős, for proving the existence of a prescribed kind of mathematical object. It works by showing that if one randomly chooses objects from a specified class, the probability that the result is of the prescribed kind is more than zero. Although the proof uses probability, the final conclusion is determined for certain, without any possible error. (Wikipedia)
…right from the beginning, we — unlike other animals — have wanted to make things more complicated than they need to be. Neil MacGregor, Director of the British Museum, A History of the World in 100 Objects, Episode 2, "OLDUVAI STONE CHOPPING TOOL"
***Of all the departments at Stark Industries that wanted to murder Tony, probably weapons research and finance would get into a fistfight over which hated him more, and therefore who was more worthy of eating his still-pulsating heart. Tony was solely responsible for more stock volatility and 3 a.m. conference calls with their ratings agencies than U.S. government contracts, the decimation and revival of the commercial paper market, the presidential elections, and the death of his father combined. There was a reason that Stark's CFO and treasurer worked out of New York and Tony generally kept himself safely cloistered in California.Except when Pepper kidnapped him out of his bed — still hungover — stuffed him pantsless onto his jet, and delivered him directly into a closed-door financing meeting on the 70th floor of the tower while he was still clutching, alternately, his head and the fly of his slacks, which he only barely got on."Tony," said Helen, his CFO's executive assistant. She was 46 years-old, had enough Restylane in her face to smooth a gravel driveway, and as far as Tony could tell, she'd never forgiven the karmic injustice of the universe for hiring her to work for Denis, who managed to marry being aggressively Russian with a level of emotional fragility that made Tony look almost stable in comparison.He struggled with the button on his fly for another few seconds before he said, "Fuck it," zipped his pants shut, and said, "Hi, Helen. Is he waiting for me?"A tremendous crash came from behind Denis's office door."Yes," Helen said.***Denis had been one of the raft of new hires Tony had been forced to make immediately after Obadiah's small-aircraft fiasco over the South China Sea. The engineers that had been the worker bees of his betrayal had been — for the most part — alternately too valuable or too benignly harmless to discard, and it was hardly like Obadiah would have been having extensive conversations with the back office, HR, marketing, or communications about his evil plotting and double-dealing or treason. But money trails needed laundering and auditors needed to be misled, and in between announcing he was Iron Man and getting a new asshole ripped into him by his independent directors, Tony spent a lot of time holed up with internal recruitment and external consultants restaffing the entire financing arm of Stark Industries with violent efficiency. Denis had been kidnapped like a gypsy bride from some No. 2 position at some company ("GE Capital, Tony," Pepper liked to remind him. "You stole him from GE Capital.") and installed in Stark Tower, anointed with Helen, and given the shattered FEMA zone that had been Stark's financial future, post weapons manufacturing.The consultants and HR had winnowed the list down to ten good candidates, most with solid backgrounds in oh-Jesus-Christ-so-fucking-boring-cakes garbage that Stark needed. He and Pepper had ended up play rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock over their final choices for hire: Pepper gunning for a bombastic shouter with a devilish gray streak in his otherwise dark hair and a smile that made Tony wish he was a nubile young thing to be exploited, and Denis, who'd openly clutched at his inhaler during the final interviews."Potts, I can't believe you'd discriminate against that poor ethnically Russian man for a health reason," Tony had said. "He's like 14 different checkmarks on that bingo square HR gave me.""Give me one compelling reason to hire that wheezing basketcase over Carlton," Pepper had retorted. "And HR better not have given you an actual bingo square.""Oh my sweet mother Mary, his name is Carlton," Tony had marveled. "That's two. That's, 'his name is Carlton,' to go with 'you seem sexually interested in him,' as my two compelling reasons."The argument had actually gone on, through two additional courses of dinner, before Pepper had said, "Jesus, fine, let's do this," and paper had disproved Spock twice in a row, leaving them at a dead tie, before Pepper had greedily played her Roddenberry hand again a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
