Work Text:
Tony Stark wakes up on Valentine’s Day in bed with his boyfriend’s boyfriend.It’s criminally early.They’d gone to bed as usual, Steve in between Tony and Bucky. But then Steve had been called in for an Avengers mission. He’s meant to be back soon, but in the meantime Bucky’s fast asleep, curled in on himself with the blanket kicked away.Tony’s used to five hours of sleep, and when he gets forced into bed at midnight, he ends up awake too early. One would think that at least on the nights where Steve’s not in the Tower, he’d get away with having control of his own sleep schedule. Unfortunately, Steve’s also dating Bucky, and that means Bucky’s protective nature bleeds through his relationship with Steve and into his friendship with Tony.Don’t get him wrong, Tony’s happy with the friendship. When one shares the love of their life, their home and even their bed with someone else, being friends with that someone else is a plus. The point is that it’s Valentine’s Day, and Tony had been looking forward to waking up in Steve’s arms. But instead of Steve being squished comfortably between the two of them, it's empty space that separates him from Bucky.It’s not a bad view. Bucky hates the dark so their night light is on, and it casts pretty shadows over his sharp cheekbones and cleft chin. His hair’s escaping its low bun, and Tony suddenly wonders what Bucky must look like on his knees, Steve’s fingers disappearing into all of that hair.So he’s a pervert, sue him.“How long're ya planning to stare at me all creepy-like, Tony?” Bucky’s eyes are closed damn it, but his lips are forming a smirk.“Happy Valentine’s Day,” Tony says, sitting up in bed.“What time is it?”“Five-ish.”“Hell and damnation, Tony! Go back to sleep!” Bucky throws Steve’s pillow in his direction. It hits Tony square in the chest. Tony wraps his arms around it and brings it to his face, breathing in the familiar scent of Steve’s aftershave.Right. Steve.“Yeah. We have breakfast plans for Steve, plans that require time to execute.”Bucky huffs, and then rolls until his head is beside Tony’s hip. With a squeak, Tony’s pulled back down and secured tightly in a bear hug. Bucky’s breath comes out in little puffs of warm air behind Tony’s ear. “Sleep now. Scheme later.”-In the end, it’s Steve who wakes them up with breakfast in bed, freshly showered and smelling like metal and musk. Bucky’s closer to the door, so Steve kisses him first. Tony watches in fascination as Steve licks into Bucky’s mouth, all gentle and comfortable. Tony wets his lips, and then he’s caught the Captain’s eye. Steve leans over and presses his lips to Tony’s. Steve tastes like sleep — like Bucky — and Tony savours the taste from his lips.“Happy Valentine’s Day,” Steve tells them, sitting back across from them on the bed. “Now eat up before it gets cold.Tony looks down at his tray. He has gluten-free waffles and scrambled eggs to Bucky’s sunny side up egg and buttermilk pancakes. Everything is made from the ingredients Tony and Bucky had ordered to make their romantic breakfast for Steve. “I told you to get up,” Tony tells Bucky, then turns to Steve. “We had a plan. There were meetings. There would have been omelettes.”Steve loves omelettes.Steve just smiles one of those fond smiles of his, the kind that starts on one half of his face and spreads to the other. The kind that leaves Tony feeling loved. “I’ll just have to try some of your breakfast, then.”Tony holds out a fork full of maple syrup drenched waffle, and Steve leans in to take a bite. Bucky beats him to it, taking Tony’s wrist in his hand to direct the fork into his mouth. “Aww, Stevie you outdid yourself,” Bucky says saccharinely after he swallows.Steve rolls his eyes. “You’re a jerk, at least Tony loves me.” He leans in and Tony follows instinctively to kiss him again, but Steve just licks at the corner of his mouth, sneaking a taste of maple syrup before sitting back. Bucky smirks, before he leans in lightning fast, tongue sneaking out to brush against Tony’s lip. “He missed a spot.”When Tony, surprised as fuck, leans back to look at Steve, he finds his boyfriend’s pupils blown wide with lust, and Tony nopes right the fuck out.See here’s the problem. Tony knows that Bucky cares about him. He remembers very clearly that day when Bucky had sneaked into the lab, scaring the crap out of Tony and nearly costing him a leg, just to tersely tell him he liked him. (Early days, Bucky’s tact had been a bit off back then). This isn’t Tony’s first polyamorous rodeo, after all. Tony had been the one who suggested it when Steve had come home, heart broken and in the hands of a ragged mess of a man. He could share Steve with Bucky; that was easy. Okay, maybe he’d only suggested it in the beginning to keep Steve from leaving him outright. But now he knows that Steve’s happy with both of them. Steve still seeks him out in the lab, still crawls into bed with the two of them, still wraps his arms around Tony, still kisses Tony like h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
OTV to OT3 transformation
Threesome - M/M/M
Barebacking
Blow Jobs
This got a lot dirtier than it was meant to be
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Valentine's Day
Tony Stark Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

