Work Text:
 

*
Tony looks down at the thing in his hands a little blearily. He’s pretty sure it’s a power coupling, but the estimation of a five percent error margin is, admittedly, a little worrying. Most people assumed that he had no regard whatsoever for sleep and his own health when buried in work – they’re not entirely wrong, but despite popular opinion, Tony actually does know his limits (mostly, usually, please don’t ever ask Pepper about this). Usually, he would wonder how exactly he got tired enough to have blurred vision, if he didn’t already know the answer.At this point, Tony estimates he should’ve stopped working about five hours ago, minimum. A sane man would’ve thrown everything down at least a day ago to retreat to a bed for an indeterminate amount of time, possibly indefinitely.

No one had ever claimed that Tony Stark was entirely sane – after all he’s pretty much the poster boy for ‘slightly nuts eccentric billionaire’. He also, as of a few months ago, finds himself part of a team, with responsibility, and also, he’s found out, the danger of being railroaded into things by SHIELD. Even though he would absolutely love to just not care and go to sleep, the really-not-a-power-coupling in front of him is one of the many projects Fury has seen fit to dump on him over the last month – and just so happens to be due tomorrow. Unfortunately it’s not finished, not even close (for one he has the sneaking suspicion he should be able to recognize what it is…).

Now, usually Tony would just tell Fury to stuff it in as many colorful expletives as possible and he had in fact done so the last time SHIELD had wanted too much in too little time – but had immediately found himself threatened with expulsion from the team. When that hadn’t worked, Fury had come up with the idea to threaten him with Clint’s reassignment instead, arguing that SHIELD employed other snipers which could fill that position. That is an asshole move if there ever is one (and Tony fancies himself a bit of an expert on the topic) because Tony actually likes Clint.

Coupled with the work he has to do for SI, which Pepper oh-so-graciously reminds him of at least once a week, and the upgrades for the armor he never stops devising, his time is basically eaten up before he can even think about doing anything else, like simply relaxing or spending time with his teammates. Well, except for the occasional heroic act that is, but thankfully the villain population has been mostly quiet lately.

His current workaholic nature is probably why Steve is currently exiting the elevator, face scrunched in a vaguely disapproving frown at finding Tony down here in his workshop again.

Oh, Tony has come to hate that face over the course of the last month – for even as Natasha, Clint, Thor, and after some time, even Bruce – who’d sadly told him that Tony’s increasing snappishness wasn’t good for Bruce’s blood pressure – had given up on trying to reach him, Steve had persisted. Tony doesn’t know if it’s the Captain’s innate disability to stop believing in someone or just his – by now famed – stubbornness, but he reckons that one of those traits are going to run out sometime soon anyway. He generally tends to have that effect on people.

“We’re having a movie night, Tony,” Steve tells Tony’s quickly turned back. Tony nearly winces at the note of caution in his voice. “You should come. Clint is insisting that everyone needs to watch The Princess Bride. We let him pick since he still can’t move his arm.”

This time Tony does wince. He’d all but forgotten that Clint had got injured on their last mission, which only adds to his guilt at not having been up to spend some time with him. Clint gets awfully antsy whenever he isn’t in top condition, and before this whole mess with Fury started, they’d often hung out.

“I’m busy, Steve,” he mumbles without turning around, quickly returning to his fiddling with the… the thing he’s working on. “And I’ve seen it anyway.”

They both know that’s not the point.

Somehow Tony can practically feel the waves of disappointment emanating from where Steve’s standing.

“Fine,” Steve sighs. “Hide yourself away down here some more if you want to.”

He turns to go, halts, and then adds softly, “Clint asked after you, you know.”

The door slides shut behind Steve noiselessly and for a moment Tony wishes it had slammed, or at least made some sort of noise. Everything but this silence which makes the small whispers of guilt at the back of his mind seem all the louder. He hopes, unreasonably, that this was not a last ditch effort on the dear Captain’s part.

*

No one comes for him the next day. He finishes his project for Fury only a day late, and even goes to drop it off himself. The Director is either too pleased with his new design for the Helicarrier camouflage to ask, or he simply doesn’t care that Tony looks more like a zombie than an actual human being.

The day after that the workshop still echoes with silence, until he decides to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony can be a monumental idiot
the team is painfully oblivious
badass Coulson
not that that's a surprise

fandom: 
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

