Work Text:
Bucky doesn’t initially worry when he wakes up in the morning and finds Tony’s side of the bed empty. It isn’t an uncommon occurrence - Tony usually tries to sneak out early in case Steve drops by - and besides, Tony had said not to expect him when he’d left for his conference yesterday. Bucky does feel a little bit of trepidation when he notices the text he sent Tony last night is still unanswered, but brushes it off, because Tony could very easily have been too busy or distracted to answer, if he even noticed it at all to begin with. Tony had actually been pretty excited about the conference - some sort of clean energy thing - and while he rarely ignores Bucky’s calls or texts, it could happen, especially if Tony had hit the workshop as soon as he got home last night. Following that line of reasoning, Bucky gathers up a cup of coffee and heads down to the workshop as soon as he’s done with his morning routine. Tony isn’t there, which surprises him, so he heads up to Tony’s floor, carefully dodging Clint and Bruce on his way. He and Tony have an open-door policy for each other in their bedrooms, so Bucky doesn’t bother to knock. “Tony?” he calls softly, frowning when he catches sight of the bed, which has not been slept in. Bucky feels suddenly uneasy, even though he knows he shouldn’t, because this is a big tower and Tony could literally be anywhere in it. “Hey, JARVIS? Where’s Tony?” he asks, taking a sip of what was going to be Tony’s coffee. “Sir is not currently in the tower,” JARVIS says, making Bucky pause mid-sip. “Do you know where he is?” Bucky asks, because while he doesn’t want to be the clingy boyfriend, he still feels apprehensive, for some reason. “I’m afraid not. Sir has not returned since his departure yesterday morning, and hasn’t communicated with me since, either.” JARVIS replies, sounding unhappy. Bucky swallows, definitely starting to worry now, and pulls his phone out to give Tony a call. Tony doesn’t pick up, and doesn’t reply to any of his texts, either. “Have you guys seen Tony since yesterday?” Bucky asks the rest of the team when he finally tracks them down, assembled in the communal kitchen for breakfast. “JARVIS says he never came home last night.” “I thought it was odd he didn’t come looking for me when he got home,” Bruce says, looking up from his tea. “Usually he likes dragging me down to the workshop and discussing some of the stuff he sees at those things.” “I wouldn’t worry,” Clint says with a shrug. “He probably picked up a girl or something.” Bucky has to bite his tongue on that one, because he and Tony have been keeping their relationship to themselves for months now, and while they’d just discussed telling a few people - like Steve and maybe Rhodey - now wasn’t the time. “He’s not answering his phone, though.” Bucky says, biting his lip. “I wouldn’t, either, if I had some fine company keeping me busy.” Sam points out mildly, wincing when Natasha smacks him on the arm. “What’s so important that you have to get ahold of him?” Steve asks, picking up his breakfast dishes and raising his eyebrows at Bucky. “Nothing,” Bucky lies, running a hand through his hair. “I’ve got a bad feeling, is all.” “Tony’s a grown man. I’m sure he’s fine,” Steve says as he brushes past. Bucky swallows and nods, but can’t fight the dread settling in his stomach like lead.  Bucky spends the rest of the morning and much of the afternoon worrying, interspaced with trying to call Tony. He really starts freaking out, though, when exactly twenty-four hours go by without hearing a single word from Tony. “I’m sure he’s fine,” Steve repeats, though he doesn’t seem quite as confident as he was earlier. “Like Clint and Sam said, he’s probably with a girl, or-” Just then the elevator doors open, and Pepper Potts stomps in, looking murderous. “Where’s Tony?” she demands, glaring around the room at them as though they’re harboring a criminal. “He’s not answering his phone, and if he thinks I’m going to let him get away with blowing off his lecture just so he could spend time with that Baintronics woman who was throwing herself all over him, he-” “You haven’t heard from Tony, either?” Bucky interrupts, heart sinking. Pepper falters. “He’s not here?” she asks, lips pursed. “JARVIS said he wasn’t, but I thought maybe he was covering for Tony.” She crosses her arms and bites her lip, suddenly looking as nervous as Bucky feels. The elevator opens again, this time emitting Bruce and, to Bucky’s surprise, Rhodey. “Hey,” Rhodey says as he approaches, brow pinched. “I know I wasn’t due for a few more days, but Tony wasn’t answering his phone, and when I talked to JARVIS he said Tony was missing. What’s up?” “We think he’s with a girl,” Clint pipes up, though he, too, is starting to look a little edgy. “You said there was a woman all over him at this conference, right?” he adds, looking at Pepper. Pepper nods slowly. “Yes, but... I mean, that’s supposedly not unusual for Sunset Bain. But Tony being off the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
Tumblr Prompt
Prompt Fill
imagine tony and bucky
Kidnapping
Extremis
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Missing Persons
Temporary Character Death
mild violence
Secret Relationship
Protective Rhodey
Protective Avengers
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

