Work Text:
“Does Tony seem sick to you?” Bucky asked one morning after Tony had left the kitchen, unable to tamp down his worry. True, Tony had just come out of his workshop from pulling yet another all-nighter, but he’d looked especially tired and pale this morning, and the small smile he’d given Bucky over his mug had looked forced, and held none of his usual spark. “He does look a bit… run down, doesn’t he?” Steve agreed, thoughtfully eyeing the doorway Tony had just exited. ‘Run down’ was a bit of an understatement, in Bucky’s opinion, but he nodded, relieved that someone else had noticed. “He’s been like that for at least a week, maybe longer. And he hasn’t been talking as much as he usually does, either.” Bucky said, tapping his fingers against the table in agitation. “I’d say closer to two weeks, actually.,” Natasha corrected, frowning. “He was throwing up that night he came home from the charity gala last week, but I’d assumed it was just a bad hangover.” Both Steve and Bucky startled. “That long?” Steve asked, now looking as worried as Bucky felt. Natasha nodded, face pensive. “Looking back it had to be more, though... I was there at the gala with him, and he hardly drank anything. Then he left early, and even turned down a woman he’d been shamelessly seducing all evening.” Bucky swallowed and ignored the little pang that comment gave him. He knew Natasha hadn’t said it to bother him - besides Steve, she was one of the only people who knew the true extent of his feelings for Tony - but is still stung to hear. “So he’s been sick for two weeks, and hasn’t said anything?” Bucky said tightly, setting aside his feelings for now and clenching his fists. “Who’s been sick?” Bruce asked as he walked into the room, making a beeline for the cupboard where his tea was kept. “Tony,” Steve answered, frowning when Bruce went oddly still. “You know anything about it?” Both Bucky and Natasha’s eyes narrowed suspiciously when Bruce didn’t answer right away, carefully going about making his tea instead. “He… might have mentioned something to me,” he said finally, shooting a guilty look Bucky’s way, for some reason, and holding a up a hand to quell whatever Steve was about to say. “He asked me not to tell anyone, and so far he’s been - mostly - following my advice and trying to look after himself, so I went along with it.” “Then why does he still look like crap?” Bucky snapped, unable to keep the accusation out of his tone. Steve eyes widened, but Bruce just pursed his lips unhappily. “Probably because he can’t seem to keep anything down.” Bruce grumbled, more to himself than the rest of them, Bucky thought. “You mean he’s not getting enough to eat?” Steve asked, brow pinched in worry. “Something like that,” Bruce said cryptically, giving Bucky an unreadable look. He wouldn’t say anything more, though, no matter how much they grilled him, and hastily fled the kitchen with the claim of having a time-sensitive experiment to get back to. Feeling frustrated, Bucky got up and started to rummage through the cabinets, deciding to make his special chicken soup recipe for Tony’s dinner that evening. The way Tony’s face lit up when he was presented with a bowl had Bucky vowing to make more, entire vats and every day if he had to, so long as Bucky could see that smile again. 
  A few weeks later, though, it became abundantly clear that all the soup in the world wasn’t going to fix whatever was wrong with Tony. “We have to do something,” Bucky told Steve angrily, when he could no longer ignore how pale Tony had gotten, or how thin and wane he looked. “He can’t carry on like this. He looks like he’s halfway to the grave, Steve!” Steve grimaced and nodded, his jaw clenching in a way that Bucky knew meant he’d struck a nerve. “I know,” he muttered darkly, expression troubled. “I’ve tried bringing it up to him, but he shuts me down every time I do. And when I ask Bruce about it he just says it’s Tony’s business, and that he won’t betray his trust.” Bucky gritted his teeth. “Betray his trust?! Stevie, something is  wrong . He won’t eat, he’s barely sleeping, he’s-” “He’s a grown man, Buck. If he won’t admit something’s wrong there’s not a lot I can do about it.” Steve huffed, running a hand through his hair in frustration. “You’re team leader - bench him!” Bucky snapped, slamming his hands on the table. “He’s in no condition to fight anyway. He’s going to get himself killed out there!” Steve sighed. “Tony-” “Is more than capable of taking care of himself, thank you.” said a familiar voice, anger coloring his tone. Steve winced, but Bucky - too worked up to care - rounded on Tony, who glared back, his arms crossed and leaning against the doorway. The angry set of Tony’s jaw made his face look even more gaunt than usual, which soured Bucky’s mood even more. “I’d believe that more if you actually were,” Bucky told him, crossing his own arms. “We aren’t stupid. Have you even  been  to a doctor about this? And don’t you dare say Bruce, beca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
Tumblr Prompt
Prompt Fill
imagine tony and bucky
Temporary Character Death
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Supernatural Elements
Succubi & Incubi
Incubus Tony
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Getting Together
Mutual Pining
Arguing
Protective Steve Rogers
Love Confessions
Crying
Poor Bucky Barnes
but it all works out in the end

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

