Work Text:
Looking back, Tony thought it started three months ago, after he almost died in a fight with a mage that tried to open a black hole in the middle of Manhattan. Not that Tony really remembered most of said fight, what with the almost dying and all. The rest of the team told him he’d been electrocuted by one of the magical lightning bolts their new villain had been tossing around, but Tony had had to take their word for it. Mostly the only things he could remember were after he’d been hit, which had been… not fun, to say the least, and only came to him in flashes. (Pain; someone - probably himself - screaming, and the smothering sensation of being buried under rubble.) What did stick out in his memory, though, had to be the haunted, terrified expressions of the two super soldiers who’d been digging him out of the rubble when he’d regained consciousness. Even thinking about it now made Tony’s stomach swoop unpleasantly, because no one should ever feel as absolutely wrecked as Bucky and Steve had looked, especially on Tony’s behalf. Bucky had nearly sobbed when Tony had mumbled his first word, and Steve had squeezed Tony’s hand so tightly, Tony had been able to feel it through his gauntlet. He’d kept on squeezing, too, until he’d been forced to let go, and even then it was only long enough for Tony to get the armor off. Things had gone a bit fuzzy again, after that, but when Tony had next woke he’d been in the Tower’s med bay, Steve and Bucky still by his side. They’d been talking in hushed voices - about what, Tony wasn’t sure - but the second they’d realized Tony was awake they’d stopped, all attention on Tony as they asked him how he was doing. Tony had barely been able to answer, too out of it to really understand individual questions, and distracted by the way Bucky had been leaning over and running a hand soothingly up Tony’s right arm, smiling so sweetly at him that Tony could hear his heart rate pick up on the monitor he was hooked up to. Bucky hadn’t commented on it, just given an even wider smile that Tony hadn’t been able to help trying to return. Then Tony had felt his left hand being squeezed, and looked down to find Steve holding his hand again, a strange look on his face, though it had quickly morphed into a smile when he realized Tony was looking at him. Tony thought that there had been an undercurrent of something in the atmosphere, after that - some kind of tension, maybe, though he hadn’t been able to place it and had been too drugged and tired to really try, so he’d let it go. Bucky had been missing the next time Tony had woken up, and Steve had still been firmly in place, sketching, which quickly become part of a pattern. It hadn’t mattered what time of day it had been, or who else had been in the room - the entire time Tony was recovering, Steve was always there. Even after Tony was released from medical, Steve remained a near-constant presence, asking him how he was doing, making sure he ate and took his medicine, and keeping him company while he was on bed rest. Even now, three months later, with Tony completely healed and cleared for Avenging, Steve was still sticking to his side like glue. If Tony had work in the lab, Steve tagged along, sketching in his own corner of the workshop while Tony tinkered. If they were all eating together, Steve made sure he had the seat next to Tony’s, gently prodding him to take another bite. And Tony hadn’t thought anything of it, at first. Why would he? Steve had always been a bit of a mother hen, when he thought someone was hurt, and he and Steve had become pretty close as of late. And besides, there had been several minutes where everyone - Tony himself included - had thought Tony was dead. Steve had already lost a close friend to the good fight once before, and if the experience left him feeling especially clingy, who was going to call him out on it? Not Tony, that was for sure. But then things started to get a bit, well… not uncomfortable, per se, but... “Smothering,” Bucky said around his mouthful of burger. “The term you’re lookin’ for is ‘smothering’.” Tony shrugged helplessly, torn between agreeing and wanting to defend Steve. Loyal, sweet, well-meaning Steve, whom Natasha had had to distract just so Tony could escape - er, slip out - with Bucky unchaperoned for lunch. “Yeah, but I don’t need  to be smothered,” Tony grumbled, reaching over and grabbing some of Bucky’s fries, since he’d eaten all of his own. “I’m fine! Completely, one-hundred-percent healed!” “Well, you really scared him,” Bucky said, putting down his burger and placing a hand on Tony’s wrist. “You scared all of us,” he added softly, running his thumb along Tony’s pulse. Tony suppressed a shiver, hoping Bucky wouldn’t notice. God, the effect Bucky had on him… it never ceased to amaze him. Tony didn’t think it was one-sided, either, if the way Bucky was looking at him now was anything to go by. They’d been dancing around each other for months, now - the casual flirtation
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (one-sided)
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
winteriron
Tumblr Prompt
Prompt Fill
imagine Tony & Bucky
Dark!Steve
Evil!Steve
Jealousy
Jealous Steve Rogers
Possessive Behavior
Possessiveness
Possessive Steve
Unhealthy Relationships
Unhealthy Behavior
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Tony
Pining
Love Confessions
though one isn't so nice
Getting Together
Seriously Steve isn't very nice in this
But there's a reason for it
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulation
Manipulative Steve
Manipulative Behavior
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
spells
some dub-con if you squint
Poor Tony
poor steve
Dark Steve
Unwanted attention
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (one-sided)
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & James "Bucky" Barnes

