Work Text:
The present is there when Tony drags himself out of his workshop after another all-nighter, sitting on his breakfast bar, neatly wrapped and impossible to miss. Tony squints at it for a moment, suspicious, then shrugs, and wanders closer to pick it up. JARVIS would have warned him if it contained anything more dangerous than one of Clint’s pranks. Probably. He unties the bow–a very tasteful red that nicely compliments the gold of the box itself, someone is definitely off to a good start here–and lifts the lid, parts the tissue paper, and then just stares, unblinking, at the bracelet nestled inside. Black leather, three thin strands of it, woven tightly together, and curling around several dark, storm grey glass beads of varying sizes. It’s simple, modest, and, most importantly, not overly pompous, or decadent, or otherwise omega. Something Tony could picture choosing for himself. Frowning, Tony reaches for the folded piece of thick, clearly expensive stationary that’s been leaning against the gift, and flips it open, eyebrows shooting up in surprise at the sight of familiar handwriting.
Have dinner with us? B & S
Tony glances back over at the bracelet, then down at the invitation in his hand again. When the entire situation continues to make absolutely zero sense, he grabs both the note and the gift, walks across the hall to his bedroom where he deposits everything on his dresser, and flops down on his bed face first, too tired to figure out what Cap and Sarge are up to. 

* * *
Tony doesn’t forget about the bracelet, not exactly, but when neither Steve nor Bucky mention it over the next couple of days, Tony assumes that whatever it was about must have resolved itself. Until he arrives home after a short business trip to Japan, and finds a little silken jewelry bag placed on his pillow, that is. Curious, Tony perches on the edge of the mattress, and tips the contents of the baggie out onto the bed for closer inspection. The tie pin is plain silver, decorated with an elegant, onyx-eyed skull, the cufflinks obviously crafted to match. The card attached to the bag reads: Lunch is fine, too. How about that little Italian place you like? B & STony stashes everything away in his trinket box, together with the bracelet and his own jewelry, and goes to take a much needed shower, content to ignore whatever ridiculous bet or joke the rest of the team has come up with this time around. 

* * *
The watch Tony finds on his workbench a week later, however, can’t be dismissed that easily. It’s a gorgeous black and silver Emile Chouriet he’s had his eye on for a while now, worth nearly eight grand. Which isn’t a lot of money, not by Tony’s standards, and he knows Bucky and Steve aren’t short for cash either, what with their army back pay and Avengers salaries, but it’s definitely too much to be spent just to win a game, or whatever it is they’re actually trying to accomplish here. So, a little annoyed, Tony grabs the watch and note–We know you love brunch. Are you free this Sunday? B & S–and, after asking JARVIS to locate the soldiers, makes his way down to the gym. Steve is out with Sam, but Bucky’s there, happily punching away at one of the specially reinforced punching bags. Tony, shameless creature that he is, takes a minute to watch and appreciate the play of well-defined, glistening muscles before announcing himself by clearing his throat. Bucky’s head whips around, mouth curving up into a smile as he steadies the swinging bag with one hand, and uses the other to brush sticky strands of hair away from his face. “Hi, Tony,” he greets warmly, obviously pleased to see Tony, and that’s enough to quell not all, but at least the worst of Tony’s anger. Charming fucker. “You doin’ all right?” Instead of answering, Tony throws the watch at him, refusing to be impressed when Bucky catches it effortlessly. “What is this?”Bucky’s smile falters a bit, and he cocks his head, brows drawing together. “A watch.” Tony rolls his eyes. “Yes, thank you, I can see that. Why was it in my workshop?”“Ain’t it obvious?” Bucky hums, expression turning impish. “It’s a present. For you. From me an’ Stevie.” “Oh, for the love of–” Tony starts, then cuts himself off, levelling Bucky with a frustrated glare. “Purposefully obtuse doesn’t suit you. C’mon, buddy. What’s with the watch? Did Clint put you up to this?” That makes Bucky turn serious again, and frown for real. “Clint? What are you talkin’ about?” Before Tony has the chance to answer that, however, Bucky goes on with, “This is about you, about us. You, Steve, an’ me. You’re actin’ like you’ve never had anyone court you before, jeez.” Tony shrugs, stubbornly pushing down on his embarrassment. “I haven’t. Not in the traditional way, not really.”“Are you fuckin’ serious right now?” Bucky demands incredulously, almost sounding offended, for some reason. “We just assumed because, well.” He waves his hands at Tony, eyes wide. Ah. Fingering one of the rings he’s currently wearing, Tony l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
courting
courting gifts
Jewelry
Insecurity
Self Confidence Issues
Light Angst
Getting Together
Developing Relationship
Established Relationship
First Kiss
First Time
Bonding
Fade To Black Sex (sorry)
Love Confessions
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

