Work Text:
All in all, it could have been worse. Worse meaning dead. After being beaten up by a demigod, thrown out of a window by the demigod’s bastard brother, exploded, and falling back to Earth from space after delivering a nuclear bomb through a portal, the fact that he’s got all his fingers and toes, and his brain is still functioning, Tony is going to count this whole little debacle as a win.Pepper had been there soon after, giving him an earful and a hug, curving her perfect body against his. Apparently Tony’s latest stunt, albeit heroic, did not inspire confidence in the investors. Questions had been raised about Tony’s mental capability because sleeping with countless beautiful women and getting drunk on a near nightly basis inspired more assurance than sacrificing himself to save the world. Go figure.  Pepper left almost immediately to smooth ruffled feathers and ensure the company was, in fact, not about to crumble despite the alien invasion that had taken out the better part of New York City. SHIELD medical was as magical as Tony had imagined, and after a vague promise to rest and recover, Tony had traded his hospital gown for an unflattering pair of scrubs, disarmed the security system, and was out the back door before Fury had the chance to rope him into a debriefing that would probably be more painful than the cracked ribs concealed beneath his bruised flesh. Happy is waiting by the curb, the back door of the limo open.  “I don’t think I’ve ever been happier to see you, Happy,” Tony says as he slides through the open door. He drops his head on the seat and feebly reaches for the door handle.“It’s good to see you too, boss,” Happy responds, gently pushing Tony’s hand back inside and closing the door.Tony closes his eyes, reveling in the familiar leather smell and gentle purr of the engine. His world has been tilted on its axis: there are aliens and demigods and futuristic technology that defy basic laws of physics, but right now, Happy is driving his half-crippled ass home just like any other day. It’s nice. “Take me home.”“The Tower? It’s kind of… well…”“Half destroyed and missing a good portion of the western side? It’s fine. I could use some sun. Vitamin D synthesis and all that. It’s supposed to be good for your bones.”“What about the condo, sir? Or the house in Virginia? Malibu is–”“Are you offering to drive me to Malibu, Happy? Your dedication and skills are unparalleled.” Happy sighs, eyes bright as he watches in the rearview mirror. “I’ll take you wherever you want to go.”“I want to go home.”“Of course, Boss.”And just like that, he’s dropped off at the back entrance that’s at least still got most of its door. “Take the rest of the day, Happy. Hell, take the week. You’ve earned it.”“I’m not sure what I’ve done besides what you pay me for.”“But you’ve performed your duties with zeal and gusto. I’ll call you later in the week, okay? I’m sure Pepper will have Board meetings scheduled for the rest of my foreseeable future.”“Sure thing, Boss. Just let me know.”Tony waves as Happy drives off to wherever he takes the limo before taking his own vehicle home.Glass crunches under Tony’s feet as he steps around twisted metal and crumbled walls. He thinks a closet used to be over there and maybe someone’s office. Oh well. He’ll just build it again, and it will be better this time. From the ashes and all that jazz.“JARVIS, you there?”“Of course, sir.”Tony closes his eyes, the feeling of peace and home touching his soul.  “Sir, your breathing is faster than normal.  Your blood pressure is–”“Fine. It’s fine, JARVIS.”“Elevated,” JARVIS finishes, never deterred. “I must say, sir. I wasn’t expecting you so soon. Captain Rogers requested your presence at medical.”“And I went,” Tony says flatly. There will be hell to pay if his overprotective AI and Captain Follow-My-Orders ever team up together. “Got checked out and everything by a real doctor so get off my back, okay?”“I’m merely looking out for your best interests, sir,” JARVIS replies.“I know,” Tony acknowledges. “You just don’t have to be so good at it.”“It’s a task I enjoy.”“Let’s do something a little more useful, shall we? Do any of the elevators work?”“The cargo lift is online which will bring you to the seventieth floor, however, I have not been able to ascertain the integrity of–”Tony claps his hands together, moving again. He can’t stand still. Too much is broken, too many things he has to fix, and it’s past time to get started. “Great, only have to hike up twenty floors then.  Awesome.”“Most of the top floors have been destroyed. Your rooms are inhabitable at this time. If I can suggest–”“No, don’t suggest,” Tony interjects as the cargo elevator opens.  “Just take me up there.”“As you wish.” Despite state-of-the-art technology, the elevator moves slowly, as if JARVIS is scanning the structural integrity of each floor as the lift passes. Tony doesn’t say anything because ending up at the bottom of an elevator shaft is not how he wants his day t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Hurt/Comfort
Sickfic
Pre-Slash Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Holiday Fic Exchange
Community: avengers_xchng

fandom: 
None
