Work Text:
Steve supposed it was inevitable that someone on the team was going to be injured, but it seemed immensely unfair that the one who got hit was the one who didn’t have a suit of armor to protect him or accelerated healing to expedite the process of getting him back from the hospital. Bruce hadn’t left Clint’s side. Tony, as far as Steve knew, was still in his lab throwing things at a wall. That left Steve and Natasha to deal with Fury’s poorly-timed power trip.  “We already have a sniper,” Steve said through gritted teeth, not for the first time. “We don’t need another.  He’s going to be fine.”“After weeks of physical therapy,” Fury said smoothly. “And two surgeries. I’m sorry, Captain Rogers. My decision is final.”“It’s only going to be temporary,” Natasha said, putting her hand on Steve’s shoulder. To the casual onlooker the gesture would have seemed to be one of comfort, but Steve could feel her perfectly manicured red fingernails digging into his collarbone as a warning. “We aren’t replacing Hawkeye.”“To be perfectly honest, we couldn’t afford his replacement’s rates that long anyway,” Fury sighed.  “Even if I wanted to. Which I don’t,” he added, after seeing the combination of Steve and Natasha’s stormy expressions. “I am perfectly satisfied with Agent Barton’s performance.”“As you should be,” Steve muttered, finally picking up the file from Fury’s desk. “Who are we even hiring?”“Renting,” Fury corrected. “He’s ex-HYDRA. Gun for hire. Best there is.”Steve looked up, surprised. “Ex-HYDRA?”“Very ex.” Fury nodded at the file. “Hates ‘em more than you do, if it’s possible.” Not fucking likely, Steve thought to himself, fingertips tracing over the blur of redacted information in front of him. “Jesus, Nick, we don’t know anything about him.”“He’s the best of the best,” Fury said, leaning back in his chair. “That’s all you need to know.”Steve figured that was all he was going to get, so he scraped a hand through his hair and tossed the file back onto the desk. “Fine,” he said. “When do we get to meet him?”“Tomorrow.” Fury took the file back, shuffling the papers together. “He’s not a very social guy. Give the rest of the team a heads up to leave him the hell alone, understood?”Steve met Natasha’s eyes just in time to see her roll hers. He was glad to know they were on the same page, at least. “He wants to be left alone,” he repeated flatly, standing, and grabbed his shield from where he’d leaned it against his chair. “The Winter Soldier will fit right in with the rest of us.”  From the way he was talked about, Steve almost expected the Winter Soldier to fly his own helicopter all the way from Moscow and land on the roof, or maybe outside in the courtyard where all the new recruits huddled together to eat their lunch. Sam told him someone with that cool of a codename could afford to pay someone to fly his helicopter. Tony replied that only weenies would let someone fly a helicopter for them.Natasha told them both to shut the hell up, and by some miracle, they listened.In the end, there was no helicopter, which was only a slight disappointment. The Winter Soldier drove up in a motorcycle that managed to be both wickedly fast and nondescript, its rider decked out in enough leather to protect him from more road burn than Steve thought would statistically occur over a decade.“Not another edgy hero with a leather fetish,” Steve thought he heard Tony mutter under his breath.The Winter Soldier parked his bike neatly in two parking spaces and hopped off with a liquid ease that reminded Steve for a moment of Natasha. He glanced over her, but her face was stony. She was unreadable.“I’m Captain Rogers,” Steve said, once the Winter Soldier had joined them and took off his motorcycle helmet, shaking his mane of hair free. “You must be the Winter Soldier.”“That’s what they call me,” the Winter Soldier replied. His mask took up three quarters of his face and his eyes were hidden behind a pair of goggles, but Steve could still hear the hostility in his voice.Steve pasted on a smile and stuck out a hand for him to shake. “Welcome to the Avengers.”“Fair warning,” Tony interjected, and Steve would have cut him off, but the Winter Soldier’s razor-sharp gaze threw him too off-kilter to jump in fast enough. “You’re filling in for a teammate who actually belongs here. We didn’t choose you.”“Stay out of our way and we’ll stay out of yours, is what Tony’s trying to say,” Natasha said smoothly. “We’ll all try to act like professionals.”The Winter Soldier looked from one face to another, silently judging each of them individually. He still hadn’t taken Steve’s hand, so Steve lowered it awkwardly and stuffed it into his pocket.“I knew what I was signing up for,” the Winter Soldier said at last. “I’m not being paid enough to do a good job and care about your feelings at the same time.”There was silence for a moment before Tony burst into laughter. “I take it back,” he said, grinning. “Can we keep him?”“No,” Steve and the Winter S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
mlm author
Identity Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

