Work Text:
The day that Lorna first manifests, she walks around with a metal spatula stuck to her back all day."I can't get it off and I don't have time to deal with this right now," he snaps at her preschool teacher. Ostensibly, he doesn't have time to deal with it because he's already late for a meeting. In reality, the meeting is a distant fear, overshadowed by blind panic over the fact that his daughter is a) growing up and b) going through a process that Erik went through very painfully when he was twelve."She's four," he says to MacTaggert when he gets to work. "Four.""They say it's happening younger and younger," MacTaggert says without looking up from her computer. "My nephew manifested when he was six. You used to be the Mutant Guy. You should know better than anyone.""Yeah," he mutters, "but it's different when it's your kid."He hates when he says things like that. It makes him feel old. It makes him feel like a parent. He likes the illusion that he's still tough and hard and edgy and cold, but it's been slowly slipping away over the past four years, ever since the afternoon he went to the hospital to sign the last of the adoption paperwork for a woman he slept with only once and caught sight of Lorna's soft green curls for the first time. He'd remembered what it was like being a mutant child in the system and he couldn't do it. He couldn't give her up. He let her mother sign away her rights and took Lorna home with him that afternoon.It had been an adjustment. He's reminded now that every day is an adjustment, as he spends the afternoon googling resources on early manifestation. Before Lorna, he'd probably be able to rattle off a list of them himself, or at least step out of his office and shout an order and have three people pop up with an answer. Unfortunately, one of the sacrifices he had to make to be a full-time father was giving up his sometimes risky, unpredictable, time-suck job as Northeast Director of the Mutant Equality Action Center in favor of something stable and 9-5. Working for the city planning council is markedly less interesting, but he's off whenever the schools are closed, the pay is good, they'll do tuition reimbursement if he wants to get his master's, and every time he wins a petition to use more mutant-friendly infrastructure, he can convince himself he's still working for the cause in his own way.It does now, however, offer him any insight into how to help his baby through the painful trials of manifestation. She still can't sit long enough to follow the plot of an episode of My Little Pony, he doesn't know how he's going to explain to her the changes her body is going through."You know," MacTaggert says an hour later, "there's a series of books for mutant kids. They're aimed a little older than your kid, but they might help. I think there's one about manifestation. I'll call my sister and get the author for you."Erik stares at her, struggling for a response more collected than grateful weeping and less sharp than, Mind your own business. He settles for breaking his doughnut in half and wordlessly handing her the larger piece."You're welcome," she says.Two hours later, when MacTaggert gets back from lunch, there's an email sitting in his inbox with the subject line, "You owe me a coffee, at least." The body says, "The Mystique Series by Charles Xavier."Erik brings her a coffee and a cupcake when he returns from his own lunch break, and makes a note to swing by the bookstore after he picks up Lorna from school.***Lorna is waiting for him with a bright smile, holding up the metal spatula like a prize. Erik has a quick conversation with her teacher, who assures him that Lorna pulled the spatula off herself and spent the rest of the day walking around with it cheerfully. Erik doesn't know whether to be grateful that it was painless or nervous that the worst is still to come, so he makes a detour to Barnes and Noble and buys Irene's Sick Day by Charles Xavier, paging through it while they wait to check out. He's expecting one of the stupidly condescending books of his youth, but instead it's--well, it's a story. Mystique's friend Irene isn't at school, so she decides to take some cookies to her house. Irene is in bed because she's manifesting and having trouble controlling her powers. She's scared and upset, but Mystique sits with her and they learn that it's okay to be scared and that it's actually very exciting, learning about a new part of yourself and discovering all you can do.It goes on from there, but it never gets clinical or weighed down in politics or public opinion. It's first and foremost a story, and the story just happens to explain the sometimes humiliating, sometimes painful, always confusing process of manifestation.It's a little longer than Lorna's current attention span, but Erik reads it to her that night anyway. To his surprise, she sits still during it and even asks questions. Erik likes that Mystique has an obvious physical mutation, while Irene's mutati
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Nick Fury/Moira MacTaggert

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Kid Fic
Alternate Universe - Writing & Publishing
Children's Literature
First Meetings

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Nick Fury/Moira MacTaggert

