Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky should’ve known better. He really should have. But, honestly, what was he supposed to think when he first came back -- after fighting through demon after demon trying to get back to Steve -- only to find him in a relationship with Tony Stark? Stevie had moved on. It’s what Bucky wanted for him anyway. For Steve to be happy, to be with someone who takes care of him and loves him, and as much of an asshole as Tony Stark can seem to be, he’s really a great guy. And he loves Steve. Bucky has no doubt in his mind that Stark loves Steve with all his heart. It’s just… so does Bucky. He has for as long as he can remember. Even so, Bucky decided never to stand in Steve’s way of love and happiness. Turns out, it didn’t matter anyway. “It’s called polyamory,” Steve says softly one night when it’s just the two of them. “It’s when three… or… more, I guess, people are in one relationship.” “Yeah?” Bucky grunts. “So what’s your point?”He doesn’t mean to get short with him. This isn’t Steve’s fault. Steve has been there for him through thick and thin ever since Bucky turned himself in. Bad days, good days, in between days. Bucky owes him so much. “Oh.” Steve glances down at the table they’re at. In the back of a bar. Bucky didn’t pay attention to which they came to. “It’s just… like you, me, and… and Peggy?”Steve says it like he’s not sure if Bucky remembers or not. Bucky does, it’s just hazy. But he can recall a time during the war in which they cut the tension between the three of them -- tension Bucky tried so hard to avoid -- when they came up with a solution that worked for them. Neither Bucky nor Peggy wanted to see Steve torn apart. They agreed on a relationship between the three of them. Polyamory, as it would seem it’s called. But Tony Stark is not Peggy Carter. And Bucky is not the same person he was all those years ago. He doesn’t know… he just…“I dunno, Steve.” He takes a swig of his beer. “How would that even work?”“Well, Tony suggested that… you and I reconnect first. For a few weeks.”“Stark suggested that?”Steve sighs. “Yeah. I know you don’t like ‘im, Bucky, but… he really is a good guy.”Shit.“No, Steve, I… I don’t not like him. I’m…” He rubs a hand over his face. “I’m just… jealous.” Tears sting his eyes. “I miss you, Stevie.” Warmth shoots through Bucky’s whole body when Steve takes him by the hand. He jerks up like he’s startled, though he’s not really sure why. This isn’t the first time that Steve’s held his hand. But there’s… just something about it. The way their fingers lock. The way he gives it a squeeze. The way it’s soft and gentle, but firm and possessive. Steve gives him a soft, unsure smile. “I… miss you, too, Buck.” His thumb circles over Bucky’s knuckles. “So much. And Tony knows that. And he understands that. So his idea was that we can try spending a bit of time together. See if… if that spark is still there.”That statement is delivered with a classic Steve face. Something that Steve should trademark. Bucky even laughs. If that spark? There’s always been a spark. They can even feel it now. “And then what?” Bucky asks. “We share you?”“Well, no,” Steve says. “Then you… spend time with Tony.”Bucky pulls his hand back, shocked. That’s really not what he expected to hear. It’s just… “Why would Stark want to spend time with me?” They have before. On missions -- even one one one during them -- and relaxing at the Tower and going to benefits. But this is different. “To get to know you better,” Steve explains. And then blushes. “I mean, more than what I gush about you.”Bucky smiles. “You gush about me?”“Of course I do, jerk. You’re my Bucky.”Warming with a blush, Bucky turns his hand over for Steve again. Steve grins and puts his hand back in Bucky’s.“Okay, Stevie,” Bucky whispers. “Let’s give it a try.”***That spark, as they already know, is still as strong as ever. The very second Bucky agreed to give this a go, they were practically all over each other. Kisses and hugs and sex. Yes, that spark is still very much alive. The love they have for each other was never going anywhere. But they’ve also gone out to dinner and to the movies and ice skating in Central Park. Steve’s gotten him flowers and given him sketches. Bucky remembers how to be playful and flirtatious with him -- something he’s been trying not to be with the worry that it’d cause problems between Steve and Tony. The few weeks they spend getting reacquainted with each other are some of the best Bucky’s had since he’s been declared Fit for Service and allowed to work with the Avengers. Even though Bucky would really rather this not end, it comes as no surprise when Steve tells him it’s probably time to get to know Tony better.So now Bucky’s making his way down to Tony’s lab with nerves sizzling in his stomach. Bucky is so nervous he feels like he might actually pass out. He’s already decided that if he doesn’t hit things off with Tony, he’s going to leave the Tower. Find a place for himself and give Steve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Polyamory
Pining
Date Night
PTSD
Dancing
Angst
Feels
Fluff
Eventual Smut
Threesome - M/M/M
Bondage
Blindfolds
Gags
Spanking
Light BDSM
Punishment
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Butt Plugs
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Steve Rogers
Christmas
Christmas Fluff
Ugly Holiday Sweaters
Naked Cuddling
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

