Work Text:
Unlike a lot of people, Darcy knew  exactly  who her Soulmate was. It wasn’t an  introduction, per say—no “Hello, my name is” for her—but there was only one person she could imagine ever saying those words. 
 She only sought him out once. She was an oh-so-mature  fifteen, and she’d had a fight with her parents. In her  infinite  wisdom, she decided to run away and start her “happily ever after” with her Soulmate.He wasn’t hard to track down, of course, but she  was  surprised that he was in the next town over. She’d expected him to be farther away; but, since he was so close, she’d be able to get there for the science convention he was speaking at.She made it there just before it finished and joined the line of people who wanted to talk to him. She was near the front of the line when she suddenly knew that it wasn’t time. She remembered what she’d somehow overlooked: that her Words did not, in any way, shape, or form, match this situation.It was too soon.She was too young, and he wasn’t ready.She didn’t know how she knew that, but she did—and so she stepped out of line.What Darcy  wasn’t  expecting was for him to notice her then. He was clearly surprised that she was leaving, if the way his eyebrows shot up was any indication. She shrugged, smiled a bit ruefully, and winked at him before leaving. 
 She thought about it again when she finally graduated high school, but it still… didn’t feel right. It was just—he was a genius, with who knew  how  many degrees, and… Well, with the age difference and everything… she didn’t want them to be any more unequal than they already were. It might not be much, but she’d like to have at least  some  college under her belt before she went looking for him again.So, she went about her life. She kept an eye on what her Soulmate was doing, but her only nod to his identity was in the classes she signed up for freshman year. Namely, All Of The Science Classes.By the time she actually remembered how much she hated science, it was too late to change her mind. She suffered through it and vowed never to let her Soulmate influence her decisions again. 
 It was interesting, sometimes, watching the pieces come together. She’d been  beyond  excited when Apple came out with the iPod, even if her parents  did  refuse to buy one for her. (She  mostly  understood. They just… didn’t want her to meet him while she was still in high school. But, really, was that any reason to deprive her of super-portable tunes?)They’d given one to her as a graduation present, though, which was much appreciated.She found it slightly ironic that the jack-booted thugs “confiscated” it just a week before the next piece slid into place.It was exciting, knowing that it was coming, that she would meet him soon. Soon… but not yet.And anyway, if the rumors were to be believed, it wasn’t really the best time for a Soulmate to show up in his life. (Was it weird that she actually kinda shipped it? ‘Cause, on the one hand, he  was  her Soulmate… but on the other hand, she  totally  shipped it. It left her on a seesaw between “I hope it works out!” (because OTP) and “I hope they break up before I meet him!” (because Soulmates). Mostly, she hoped they went amicably from OTP to BroTP. Darcy was not a fan of angst, and all other options sounded pretty angst-ridden.) 
 In spite of herself, Darcy was surprised when she finally met him.She’d been fully prepared when Thor brought her and Jane to New York… but after the first month or so without seeing the man, she’d stopped expecting it.Which was why she was shocked into staring dumbly when Tony Stark practically stormed into Jane’s lab saying, “Hey, you, with the iPod! Yes, you! No Apple products allowed in my tower. Stark tech  only.”After a few moments, she shook her head, grinned, and said, “You might be my Soulmate, but Thor will always be my favorite.” 
 “Have I met you before? It’s been driving me nuts since I saw your file.”“I winked at you when I was fifteen.”“I remember you!  You’re the girl who left that meet’n’greet!”“Yep, that was me. Now, can we talk about this whole ‘Stark tech only’ thing? Because—hey! You can’t just  grab  things like that!”“This isn’t even a  new  iPod!”“It has sentimental value!”“So put it on a shelf, along with all your other antiques. I’ll build something better for you to actually  use.”“You know, you can be kind of a jerk.”“Yeah, but apparently I’m  your  jerk.”“...yeah, you are.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (mentioned)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff and Crack
Darcy Lewis's iPod
Darcy Lewis Hates Science (Classes)
Tony Stark Hates Apple
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (mentioned)

