Chapter 1



Notes:
Edited 09 July 2021: General cleanup, hopefully clearer format, and minor edits for consistency with canon.




Chapter Text

Prologue:
 
No. This couldn't be happening. Couldn't have happened. He hadn't-

Shit.

Bucky looked down at the sobbing waitress and he couldn't breathe. He tried to push out an apology, he had no idea whether he managed it, before Steve was pulling him away.

They made it back to the hotel without being followed and Steve sat him down, told him to breathe. Told him it wasn't his fault.

Shit.

It was his fault. It really was this time. He could blame it on residual conditioning all he liked, but he hurt that woman. Might have killed her if Steve wasn't there. 

His metal fingers flexed as he took deep breaths and tried to tune out the memories.

 
"I want to turn myself in."Tony turned, eyes wide, gaze darting over the broken glass of the workshop door and towards all the emergency exits. The suit was in pieces on the worktable, a dent in the right shoulder joint (caused by a certain shield) that needed to be carefully hammered out and reinforced before he could put it all back together. The hand repulsors were still functional, but there was no way he could get to one in time.Barnes stood still, not making an effort to appear either threatening or non-threatening."How'd you get in here?" Tony blurted out. Sure, his new systems weren't quite up to the speed JARVIS had been, but at the very least he should have been alerted to the fact a that super assassin who wanted to kill him had entered the building.Barnes' eyes trailed over the broken glass and he raised his eyebrows."Breaking and entering. Got it. Still shouldn't be possible," Tony pointed out. "Now what the hell are you here for? 'Cause I'm assuming if it was solely to kill me I'd already be jam smeared across the walls.""I want to turn myself in," Barnes repeated, voice slowing down mockingly."Riiiiiiight," Tony glanced again at his dismembered suit. He could call another one, but not without Barnes noticing before it got close enough to access."I'm not going to hurt you, that would defeat the point of handing myself over," Barnes belatedly assured him. "Just... Lock me up. Put me somewhere I can't hurt people. Or kill me. I don't care."Tony snorted bitterly. "Even if I was a murderer," He relished the way Barnes flinched at the word. Yeah, murderer. "A certain Captain we both know would have a thing or two to say about your death. With his fists.""I didn't think you were afraid of him," Barnes said, voice pressing, mocking, provoking."Please, I'm narcissistic, not stupid." Tony wondered if this was a distraction, if Steve was running around somewhere planting bombs. He edged a little closer to nearest worktable. There was no gauntlet hooked up to it, but there was a new prototype repulsor he'd been working on that he might at least be able to cause his own distraction with. Presuming Barnes didn't know what the stripped-bare tech looked like.Barnes shifted impatiently and seemed to try a different tack. "You were his friend. He wouldn't hurt you.""I have two broken ribs and a bruised shoulder blade that would say different.""You'll heal."Tense silence settled over the workshop for a moment before Barnes sighed and relaxed his posture a little. "Would you just do it. You've got one of those repulsor things two feet from your hand."Damn. There went that idea.Tony studied him a moment. Deciding there wasn't much he could do but play along for now, he slumped back onto the stool next to him and gestured to the clearest area of the worktable. "Sit down."Barness jaw clenched and his fists tightened, but he did as he was told."If I'm gonna take you in I need to make sure you're a little less capable of slaughtering all the security assigned to you," Tony explained, picking up some of the tools he used to work on the armour and holding out his hand expectantly. They'd soon see how determined Barnes was to keep this going.Barnes didn't move. "You're going to need to strap me down.""I thought you were playing nice?""I can't-" Barnes cut himself off, metal hand flexing. He frowned and stilled the movment. Locked his eyes on the wall. "I have flashbacks. I won't be able to stop myself."Ah. PTSD. Now that Tony could understand. "I'm not sure I have Winter Soldier resistant straps handy. Will you let me sedate you?"Barnes forced a nod."Okay then, let’s get started." 
BUCKY
 When Bucky wakes up he's in a bed. A comfortable bed. He can't quite work out how that could have happened. He reaches up and runs his flesh fingers over the point where the needle had gone in. Already healed, despite Stark's serum suppressing sedative. He should be in a holding cell by now. A glance to the side confirms his mechanical arm is still there. He frowns, flexing it.“I did some fine tuning,” Stark’s voice comes from nowhere. “There’s no more strength in that arm than a regular one now. Less, even. It’s only functional enough that you can 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Polyamory
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Medical Procedures
Canon-Typical Violence
Eventual Smut
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
AU
Canon divergent from Civil War
you can't expect supreme executive power just because some 1940s tart threw a shield at you
do you like indulgent stories about character development
with an overabundance of POV switching and a plot that jumps tracks faster than an ADHD train?
then boy do I have a fic for you
Fix-It
Gratuitous bullshitting of fields I've never studied

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

