Work Text:
Peter slammed Wade up against the wall, a fire burning in his eyes.“You know what you promised me.” He reminded the merc, raising his eyebrows. He could see the gears turning in Deadpool's head, and he was almost too impatient to wait for him to get it.“A taco bell giftcard? Or maybe-”Peter shut him up with a kiss. It was through two layers of mask, sure, but it was enough to get his point across. Deadpool was silent for a whole ten seconds before he started talking again.“Oh. So, when I told you that if we made it out of that fight alive-”“That you'd give me a night I wouldn't soon forget? Yeah, I took it to heart.” He said. He took a step closer, aligning their bodies. For once in his life, Peter really hoped that Deadpool wasn't joking. Because he was horny, frustrated, and sick of fighting against this mutual attraction. Wade was tall and muscular and funny as hell, even if he was reckless and lacked a moral compass.He could only control himself. He couldn't keep trying to convince himself that Deadpool was going to change, and he wasn't going to waste anymore time waiting for that to happen. He wanted Wade, whether or not their morals matched up. He couldn't keep doing this to himself, seeing and wanting Deadpool day after day without acting on it. It was driving him fucking insane.Maybe it would be more manageable if Wade hadn't made it his personal mission to turn Peter on in the most inappropriate times imaginable. An occasional brush of a hand along his back, constantly putting the idea of sex in his head, or even outright grabbing his ass once. He was so on-edge that he could barely stand it, and tonight had been the last straw.“So, what's it gonna be? You won't get another chance again.” Peter announced. He knew full and well that he was lying. And that it would likely take him half the time to break the next time as it did this time, but he wasn't about to tell Deadpool that.“Even if I did, I wouldn't wanna pass this one up, Baby Boy.” Deadpool said, smirking. Spider-man rolled his eyes.“I really hope you don't expect me to call you daddy.”“Only on every third Tuesday of the month, alternating due to-”Deadpool was cut off again, because Peter was just a little desperate. The masks were starting to frustrate him to no end, and as soon as they broke away from the kiss, he reached up and ripped his off, giving a small shake of his wild hair.“Are you gonna take it off, or am I?” He asked, letting his own mask fall to the floor and reaching his hands up to rest on Deadpool's shoulders. Wade let out a nervous laugh.“I have to say, this is the most nerve-wracking game of “I'll show you mine and you'll show me yours” I've ever played, and one time I showed mine to a girl who I knew had blue waffles to win a bet-”“Hey, focus here, Big Boy.” Peter said. He recognized that Deadpool was trying to avoid the subject. His first joke had been actual confusion, but this? This was him trying to give Peter time to back out.Deadpool sobered up, just a little bit. “Go on, kid. If you feel like you want to-”He didn't even hesitate anymore. He pulled upwards and over Wade's face, the ridges and bumps snagging in a couple of places before it was off and over his head. He took a few seconds to admire Wade, pressed up close together, in this dark corner of his living room. He was scarred, sure. But none of them were open right now, (that were visible, anyways) and the rough bumps didn't take away from his overall ruggedly handsome features.Peter's mouth watered. He leaned forward ever so slightly, suddenly inclined to take his time despite the hard bulge pressing against his spandex. He leaned forward, eyes intensely locked with Wade's, and brushed their lips together.Despite their chapped appearance, Wade's lips were soft, and moist. He breathed against Peter, and his breath smelled like gum. It was surprising, but not enough to break the trance that they had both ended up in, this almost-kiss that neither one seemed to want to break.Both of them dared each other with their eyes. Neither budged for a long time, and Peter felt like he was about to explode with just how badly he wanted the other man, seemed certain that he was going to be the one to break their unspoken challenge and lead the kiss somewhere else-He wasn't. Deadpool's hands rose to cup his face and pulled him close, leading their kiss into more intimate territory. Peter's hands dropped to Deadpool's waist and pulled him closer, closer, as the kiss deepened. He let out a small moan of satisfaction as Wade's tongue traced lightly along his bottom lip, asking for entrance in a way that was almost too gentle for the occassion.Peter opened his mouth, inviting Deadpool in. He gently pressed his own tongue against Deadpool's, trying to keep his cool. He was heating up, his body responding to Wade's hands (which had now slipped down over his shoulders and were making their way slowly down his back) in all the right ways. His cock gave a twitch as Deadpoo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Rough Sex
But with tender moments
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Smut
bottom!Peter Parker
Bottom!Peter
literally all they do is fuck against a wall
i don't know what else to add other than sex tags

fandom: 
Deadpool/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

