Work Text:
Tony’s always had a little voyeuristic streak in him.  Maybe it comes from being an engineer.  Part of the job description is seeing how things work after all, taking them apart and figuring out ways to make them better, and he’s learned to appreciate the beauty of something well-built.  And Steve is spectacularly well-built.  “C’mon, Steve, relax,” he says soothingly, managing to push the vibrator in that tiniest bit more against the clench of muscles that would bar his way.  “Let me in, baby.”Of course, even when the mood to observe is on him, he doesn’t really mind getting his hands dirty.  What can he say?  He’s a helpful kind of guy.Steve moans, strong thighs framing Tony’s arm, which is still clothed, because he’d liked the contrast of his black shirt and pants against the paleness of Steve’s skin.  It’s all about the visuals right now, and Steve is a cornucopia of delights.  The only thing that would make it better would be if Tony had more of a front row seat as it were, if he were sitting in between Steve’s legs so he could watch up close and personal as Steve took the vibrator deeper and deeper.  Instead he’s more in the wings, lying on his side next to Steve and only getting to imagine what it looks like.  Maybe next time, though, assuming Steve ends up enjoying this enough that there is a next time.  To that end, Tony’s attempting to be considerate, which isn’t really his strong suit normally, but Steve had been hesitant about letting him bring accessories into their bed, so Tony’s trying to not make him more tense by staring too obviously.He’s not doing that great so far, but whatever, it’s the thought that counts, right?Besides, it’s not like he’s suffering or anything.  There’s definitely something to be said about being able to see the way Steve’s mouth falls open, lips swollen and wet from where he’s been licking them, to see the wrinkle in his brow as he struggles to accommodate the vibrator’s size.  They’re such small signs, but they signify so much about what Steve’s willing to do for Tony, what he’s willing to let Tony do to him.It’s no more than what Tony would do for him in return, but nevertheless it fills Tony with a sweet ache to know that Steve is his.He turns the base of the vibrator to the lowest setting and nuzzles against Steve’s jaw as Steve shudders, letting out a sound that makes Tony want to know what would happen if he turned it up all the way.  He refrains, although just barely.  He doesn’t want things to be over that quickly, though, hasn’t gotten his fix yet of Steve flushed with desire, his body moving helplessly against the relentless hum of the toy inside him.  “Tony,” Steve gasps, his legs closing, tightening around Tony’s arm while his knuckles turn white from how his fingers are gripping the sheets.  “Tony.”“I’ve got you,” Tony says, shifting down lower, trailing kisses down Steve’s face, his neck, licking and sucking at his nipples as Steve threatens to shake apart.  He keeps his hand on the base of the vibrator and pulls it out slightly before pushing it back in, biting down on pebbled skin as a reward for the long drawn-out groan Steve makes.“You’re gorgeous like this,” he says truthfully and then is promptly annoyed with how it results in Steve bringing his hands up to hold onto the slats of the headboard so he can turn his face into his arm.  He’s blocking Tony’s view.“Don’t be like that,” he says, cajoling and not whining, reaching up to tug lightly on Steve’s arm, but Steve refuses to cooperate.  “Steve?  Hey, c’mon, Steve?”No answer.Well, fuck.  How unfair is that?  Considerate, shamiderate.  Tony wants to see, and if Steve won’t let him look at the top, then all that’s left is the bottom.He gets up, pushing one of Steve’s legs down and straddling it so Steve can’t move away.  He nips at Steve’s stomach as he does it, just because.  Seriously, who could pass up getting their mouth on Steve’s eight-pack?  Not Tony, that’s for damn sure.Putting his hand on the back of Steve’s other thigh, he pushes it up closer to Steve’s body, all prepared for Steve to make an issue of it.  But while Steve keeps his face averted and stiffens his body, it only lasts for a second, and then he’s giving in and allowing Tony to put him on display.“Damn,” Tony murmurs, and because Tony’s always been a firm believer that if someone gives him an inch, it means he can take a mile, he moves his hand up higher on Steve’s leg so Steve’s even more exposed.Steve groans at that, low and needy, thigh flexing under Tony’s fingers as he draws it up even closer to his chest all on his own, and woah.  Tony really hadn’t been expecting that.  He’s not complaining though, hell no, and he stares and stares and stares, taking in the way Steve’s balls are high and tight against his cock, the way he’s stretched obscenely around the vibrator, the way the excess lube is dripping down onto the mattress.Tony’s been conscious of his own arousal, of the pulse and burn in his veins, but he’s bee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Toys
Object Insertion
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

