Chapter 1: Lightning and Earth
    




Chapter Text
Darcy had never come across as many alphas in her whole life as she did in her first week at SHIELD. She knew that realistically the population percentage was about one in six, but in sleepy New Mexico it had felt more like one in twenty. Maybe the rest were all here working for Fury.The point was, she’d never been bothered so often just going about her day to day. As soon as she’d stepped out of the elevator her first morning, a dozen heads snapped up to look at her. She held herself up higher on her heels, strutting past the cubicles to Jane’s new lab without sparing more than a glance at the interested eyes that followed. At lunch one of the bigger guys tried to crack some remark about her dress and she’d tased him, which earned her an audience with Coulson on not incapacitating co-workers - no matter how douchey.After that the alphas were warier, and when she’d turned her tongue on a few they kept even further away. By the end of the first month, things were almost back to normal. And then one afternoon in the lab, Darcy caught a whiff of something that completely drove every other thought from her head.“Do you smell that?” she asked.Jane, innocent beta Jane just shook her head. “What?”“It’s like… sugar and lightning and earth and the sea and…I don’t know how to describe it.”“Well you just gave me a whole range of options.” Jane frowned at her assistant’s mesmerised face.“Sorry, it was just…weird.”“Maybe you should take a break. Go get some coffee.”“Sure.” Darcy said quietly, face blank. On her way to the kitchen, she noticed she wasn’t the only one distracted. A bunch of people had left their desks and clustered near the elevator. The smell was stronger there, and she swerved from her course without thinking.“What’s going on?” one of the betas grabbed Darcy’s arm.“I don’t know, but I’d very much like to.”The girl skirted around the people muttering and pointing downwards, where the smell seemed to be coming from. Darcy didn’t have the clearance for those floors – they were for Fury’s dirty work. But she ignored the lift and headed for the stairs, slipping by unnoticed. She followed the scent down two flights, three, down to the very depths of the basement. The door here was usually guarded, but for some reason they had beta guys instead of the regulars. They were still SHIELD professionals, but not the big stocky type that made the toughest terrorists whimper with a look. Darcy waited at the top of the stairs, trying to figure out her next move.There was a buzz and the stairwell door opened. Agent Hill stepped through from the basement and the scent tripled with the rush of air.“You two, we’re evacuating all those at risk. Help sweep the floor.”She didn’t wait for them, heading back inside. Both guards followed and Darcy sprinted down the stairs as quietly as possible, catching the door just before it closed. She waited, clutching the handle, until their footsteps faded into the general shouting and clank of hardware coming from the other side.When she thought the coast was clear, Darcy stepped through. These were the most equipped interrogation rooms, the hardcore Hulk-proof cells. She didn’t have the security level to even guess what went on, let alone who it was done to. But she didn’t need to know the layout with that strong scent to guide her through the halls. At every intersection she could see SHIELD men streaming towards the lifts, their posts abandoned. She kept to the shadows and hoped no one would notice her amongst the chaos, all eyes and cameras trained on whatever was causing the disturbance. She paused for a while to let them move out, thinking any minute she’d be spotted by one of the groups patrolling for stragglers. But the scent was firing her up, making her willing to take the risk. Hell, she figured if anyone found her she could tase them before they realised she was a threat. Eventually the halls grew quieter, and suddenly Fury himself was striding towards the exit with Hill at his heels.“Get me Thor, I wanna know how the fuck he got loose. We can’t afford to have him in the building, corrupting my staff!”She took her chance, sprinting towards the source of the smell. It was burning in her nostrils, zapping her muscles with extra speed. She turned down the last corridor and found it miraculously empty, only to be almost knocked over by the pheromones coming from the door at the end.“Great! How the hell am I gonna get to the other side?” she muttered, cursing at the key code pad.There was a strange whine from the other side of the steel door and she groaned, placing her palm against the metal.“Please…” came a strained voice.Darcy leaned her forehead on the door to cool down. “I can’t get in.”She didn’t even question entering the cell of what must have been an incredibly dangerous person; she just had to get inside before she exploded. There was a small flash of green and the lock panel suddenly sparked and started to smoke. The d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bonding
Post-Movie
bamf!darcy
Love at First Smell
Protectiveness
Loki Needs a Hug
tasertricks - Freeform

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

