Work Text:
He sees him walk into the bar and knows he’s gotta have him. Big, Beefy, Blonde. When someone checks off all the boxes of the ‘B’ list, Bucky gets them. This guy’s no exception, even if he makes a B-line for the bar and orders himself a bottle of beer and just sits on the stool instead of mingling or joining everyone on the dancefloor. Eyes lifting to the crowd occasionally, he looks out at the bar patrons but never gets up to join any of them. “I know that look.” An arm snakes around Bucky’s shoulders from behind and pulls him back against the body of his best buddy, Clint Barton. “Who’s in your sights?”Before allowing Bucky to answer, Clint grinds against him because he’s a shithead and likes to tease the fuck outta Bucky. He leans his head back against his buddy’s shoulder so that he doesn’t need to shout -- as much -- over the blaring bass that beats through the place. “Big, Beefy, Blonde.” Bucky points. “Corner of the bar.”Clint chuckles in his ear. “You never change. When was your last triple ‘B’?”“What time is it?”“Uh.” Clint checks his phone. “Almost nine.”“Three hours ago.”Starbuck’s guy. He’d been giving Bucky bedroom eyes for days. Bucky’s not sure why it took him so long to hit that anyway. He’ll have to find a new Starbucks, but… well there’s one on every other corner anyway. “You’re ridiculous.”“I’m a legend!” Bucky calls back to him as he makes his way over to the bar where his next Big, Beefy, Blonde waits for him. Bar Guy is still paying more attention -- and pretending not to -- everyone on the dancefloor so when Bucky taps him on the shoulder, he turns like he’s surprised there’s anyone near him at all. “Hey!” Bucky greets. “Have ya met Bucky?”Blinking a few times -- and staring at Bucky like he’s got three heads -- Bar Guy gapes a bit at him before shaking his head. Looks confused and slightly nervous before ducking his head down, almost like he doesn’t want Bucky looking directly at his face.“No?”“Well you should!” Bucky offers his hand. “I’m Bucky. How you doin’?”Bar Guy takes a glimpse at the hand held out to him without lifting his chin before taking it in a firm handshake. “Nice to meet you,” he says just loud enough that Bucky can hear. He doesn’t say any more than that, not even his name. But he does lift the collar of his jacket like he’s trying to hide from Bucky. At first, Bucky thinks that he’s just nervous. Which is fine. Bucky can work with that. But then he takes another peek at Bar Guy’s face.“Hey… you look familiar,” he says. And feels a pang of guilt. He’s had a lot of sex since converting back to civilian life two years ago. His therapist says near death experiences can make people have difficulties resisting impulses. But then, Bucky was having a lot of sex before joining the military anyway. “Are you sure we haven’t met?”“I’m sure,” he mumbles. “Were you in the army?”Bucky takes a step back as that’s really the last thing he expected anyone to ask him in a place like this. “What? Why would you--”Bar Guy points to Bucky’s left arm where there’s a sleeve of tattoos. Everything from his mother’s name to skull and crossbones, to the dogtags that must’ve given him away. It the one that Bucky’s considered getting removed. He hasn’t decided officially yet. Still, his hand covers them. “Yeah, okay.” He gets out a nervous laugh. How very unlike him. “You got me. Two tours overseas. You?”He nods and brings the bottle of beer back to his lips again before saying, “Army. Active Duty. I guess.”“You guess?” Bucky helps himself to the stool next to Bar Guy. Spreads his legs just a little. “What’s that mean?”“Nothin’,” he mutters. “Can I get you a drink?”Bucky snickers. That’s usually his line. “Sure.”“What’s your poison?”Bucky tries to sneak a better look at Bar Guy, but the dude’s still ducking his damn head down. All Bucky knows so far is that he’s Big, Beefy, and Blonde. With baby blue eyes and sinful lips that keep touching the top of the bottle and a sexily deep voice. “Whatever you got there’s good.”With a quick nod, Bar Guy grabs the bartender’s attention and orders Bucky the same beer he’s drinking. Domestic and light. Bucky’s good with that. He thanks Bar Guy and snatches it up to take a swig of it. Waits until Bar Guy’s eyes fall on his lips before licking the moisture away. A smirk curves up on Bucky’s mouth when he sees Bar Guy’s Adam’s apple bob with his heavy gulp Bucky spreads his legs a little more. “You got a name?”Bar Guy quickly averts his eyes. “Steve,” he says softly. A deep blush fills his face as soon as he gives Bucky his name. So dark Bucky can see it even under the flashing lights above them. Like he’s embarrassed by his name. Or had intended on using a fake name but slipped and gave his real one. Either way, Bucky needs to hold onto a chuckle because of it. “Steve,” Bucky repeats. “Did you know Steve is my favorite name in the whole world?”Even though he’s not exactly looking at him, Bucky can tell that Steve rolls his eyes. Looks like these sill
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
First Time
Gay Bar
Captain America Steve
Modern Bucky
Semi-Public Sex
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Public Blow Jobs
Public Hand Jobs
Hand Feeding
Light BDSM
Orgasm Denial
top!steve
Bottom!Bucky
Dom!Steve
Sub!Bucky
Porn with Feelings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

