Work Text:
Now.Someone sat across from him and put a book down on the rickety cafe table: POW Heroes: The History of the Howling Commandos. The jacket had a photograph on the cover, but only Gabe had noticed the camera. The rest of them were just standing there—doing mission prep, it looked like—but pictures of the Howling Commandos together were so rare that even odd frames of film had become valuable. Steve had never seen this one. He was saying something to Jim, and Dum Dum was fumbling with the straps on his pack, and Bucky was frowning down into that little leather notebook he always carried, pen in hand. You could hardly see Bucky’s face, but Steve knew his every expression. Bucky always took notes, strange little scribbles that were damn near incomprehensible: shorthand thoughts.Steve stared down at the picture: Bucky's holster wasn't on properly. His jacket was unbuttoned. He—Steve was going to have to look up now, across the table: face him. He was going to have to look up.He looked up. The man on the other side of the table was the same and different from the man in the photograph; he was right there and yet far away, magnified, focused: at the end of a rifle scope. He was unshaven and faintly grimy, dark hair pulled back at the nape of his neck. He was wearing a faded green parka, and his face had settled into deep lines of exhaustion; Steve knew that kind of tired from missions: it was from going weeks without sleep in enemy territory. He had been Bucky Barnes, and maybe he still was.The man shifted slightly. “Steve,” he ventured; it was like he was speaking a foreign language.Bucky, Steve thought, but stopped himself from saying it. He had no right—he’d learned that during the long and terrible night he’d spent reading the Winter Soldier’s file: every word of it, doggedly looking up and writing down the translations of the Russian phrases he didn’t know, electroshock, biological agents, sleep deprivation, and words that turned out to be names of intravenous drugs. It had been the worst night of his life: worse even than the night after Bucky died, because he’d only cried for himself, then.Steve tapped the book cover instead and said, a little unsteadily, “I don’t know this one. Any good?”The man shrugged; it was Bucky's shrug. "I guess," he said, stilted. "It's hard to know. The places and names, maybe. I guess they're right. It's better than the other one, the one with the mural on the cover—""Captain America's Howling Commandos," Steve said, grimacing. "Like they were mine, or America's—""Yeah, Dernier would have cursed you a blue streak, "Vas te faire mettre – mon Dieu, j'en ai ras le cul, les Americans, nous ne travaillons pas—""—pour vous, mais pour la France—eh, je m'en fiche, je m'en fous, va te faire foutre—'" Steve rattled back.Bucky's mouth twitched. "Yeah, that's right: it was always 'I don't care: go fuck yourself.'""Imagine if he did care," Steve replied, and when Bucky's weary face cracked into a grin, Steve went momentarily lightheaded: it could be okay: this could maybe all be okay. It came to him that he was sweating; he could smell his own stink rising up from the neck of his shirt: flopsweat, terror."I'm not ready to come in," Bucky said, as if this had been the conversation they'd been having all along."Okay," Steve said, straight away.Bucky's eyes were on him: intense, almost fascinated. Steve tried to stay still and let him look. “I know you've been looking for me.""Yes," Steve said.Bucky's face gave nothing away, but Steve could feel him weighing something, deliberating. Finally Bucky swiped his tongue over his lower lip, then sucked at it with his teeth, a low wet sound. "I've been reading a lot," he said finally, roughly; hurt somehow, "but you—you're not in those books. You and me, we're not—Not the way I remember," and Steve felt another wave of dizziness : I remember.Steve's throat tightened; he could barely get the words out. "No. We're not."Buck stared for one last second, then let out a breath and sat back, slinging his arm over the back of the chair, his flesh arm. "This isn't a good place to talk," he said, suddenly casual, and Steve looked down and saw a cheap brown key fob on the cover of the book.  It had a number on it stamped in flaking foil: 612. A hotel key.Steve covered the key with his hand and drew it toward himself. "I don't want to talk," he said.#Bucky vanished between one blink and the next, aided by the crowds of hurrying people; Steve supposed Bucky’d chosen to make his approach here for the same reason that he came here: you could be invisible in midtown because nobody ever slowed down to look at you. Inside his pocket, Steve was clutching the key fob so tightly that it was digging into his hand. He debated ducking across to Stark Tower to change, shave, maybe grab some things that might refresh Bucky’s memory, then decided not to; instead he walked straight into the train station and caught the subway going downtown.The hotel was far downtown an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Then and Now
Brothels
Bad French
Hotel Sex
Recreational Drug Use
Smoking
Purging
all cream no sponge

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

