Work Text:
“If only your dad’s could see us.”
 
            Peter rolls his eyes, slinging his arms around Wade’s neck. “You and I both know that would be the epitome of bad.”
 
            “But fun!” Wade grins crookedly, settling a hand on Peter’s left hip. “Not as fun as this of course.”
 
            “Keep talking and you’re not getting laid,” Peter points out, but shifts their bodies ever so slightly, creating friction between them. Peter’s settled on Wade’s lap in an armchair, which is cliché in itself, thighs locked around Wade’s waist. He settles his hands in Wade’s dark hair, pulling every now and then, and he can see it in the way Wade’s ever-changing eyes flash.
 
            “I’m a merc with a mouth, there’s no such thing as not talking,” Wade smirks, moving his hips upwards to counteract Peter’s earlier movement. “You’re sorely mistaken dearest Spidey, if you thought for half a moment you were going to lose your virginity to silence.”
 
            “God, just shut up,” Peter groans, and knowing the only way to do this is to press their mouths together, and so he does. It’s tentative and gentle at first because as sure as he is about this it’s still not something he’s ever done before, and he’s inexperienced in the whole charade.
 
            Wade’s always been an excellent kisser, but even more so when he’s turned on (and Peter may be inexperienced but he’s already discovered all the little things that drives Wade crazy), and he moves his hands beneath Peter’s shirt, the scars on his palms rough against his chest.
 
            Peter pulls away with a gasp as Wade lifts his t-shirt over his head, smirking, and Peter flinches slightly when he remembers that it’s the one his dad let him borrow, but any thought of his parents are gone when Wade kisses him again, rougher this time, with more force. Peter opens his mouth, allowing Wade to lick his way inside, and moans softly – Wade tastes of tacos and beers and a faint tang of mint that never goes away. Must be some sort of super toothpaste.
 
            Regardless, Peter loves it, and he grips Wade’s face as if too meld them together even closer.
 
            “You’re a feisty one, Spidey,” Wade snickers into Peter’s neck when the younger teenager pulls away for another gasp of air.
 
            “Shut up, Wade,” Peter’s fingertips dance along Wade’s zipper, whose pupils dilate in anticipation. “Or they stay on.”
 
            “You’re a cruel, capricious spider,” Wade mumbles, and Peter laughs slightly as he unbuttons Wade’s jeans, freeing him from the confines of the denim. He’s not going to lie – he rather enjoys the way Wade tosses his head back when Peter takes his erected cock in his hand, the way he bites his lip and makes a guttural noise in the back of his throat when Peter slides up and down the shaft.
 
            “I take that back,” Wade says, voice breathy. “You’re an awesome spider.”
 
            Peter doesn’t reply, not even to Wade’s protest of “Hey!” when he releases him. Instead, he slides off of Wade’s lap, onto the floor, knees supporting his body.
 
            “Whoa, Spidey, moving a little fast aren’t you?” Wade smirks again, because Wade’s the king of those who smirk (smirkers?).
 
            “Not yet,’ Peter grins and he’s sure he looks at least a little bit devilish (that’s totally what he’s going for), and when he takes Wade into his mouth, the mercenary let’s loose another one of those noises and thrusts up almost involuntary into Peter’s mouth.
 
            Peter starts slowly, licking long stripes on the underside of Wade’s cock, not entirely opposed to the faint salty taste of it. Wade shivers and makes another comment, but it’s lost in a groan as Peter closes his mouth around the head, tongue picking up the pre-come already collected there.
 
            He relaxes his throat and takes Wade in further, inciting Wade to move a hand to the back of Peter’s head and entwine his fingers into his hair, tugging softly. “Jesus, Pete,” Wade gasps. “You got skill.”
 
            Peter smirks around Wade’s cock and pushes past his own gag reflex until he can feel Wade hit the back of his throat. (It’s actually a lot easier than Peter anticipated – he’s certainly spent way too much researching it. Thank God for the internet. Scratch that, thank God for override codes so he can command JARVIS to wipe clean his history. Pops has already discovered porn once, that doesn’t need to happen again.)
 
            “Peter,” Wade says like a warning, and Peter knows he’s right on the edge – but he kind of likes this control too, and so he pulls off with an obscene pop.
 
            “Alright, hand job, finish it off,” Wade says, moving his hand in a let’s get this show on the road gesture.
 
            “I’m not finished with you,” Peter scoffs, and confusion crosses Wade’s features.
 
            “Wha?”
 
            “Come on,” Peter tugs Wade to his feet. “You’re crazy if you think I’m losing my virginity in your living room.”
 
   
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
mentions of superfamily
I have a weakness for virgin!Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

