Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Six months. The sound of tire screeching against the pavement had become a constant within his mind. Crimson painted his nightmares and followed him wherever he went. What had the world looked like before everything happened? He couldn’t answer that question. When Steve turned eighteen, he enrolled in the military. No one would be waiting for him at home. His father died when he was younger, he could barely remember what he looked like, and his mother had fallen victim to the vicious monster known as cancer when he was seventeen. Steve was surprised that she lasted as long as she did. But what did he expect? That was his mother, always the fighter.He decided to change the world however he could. He was thankful to have created unbreakable bonds with the other soldiers. What he never expected was to fall in love with a fellow soldier named Margaret Carter. Of course, no one called her Margaret. Always Peggy. Despite the changes in the military, there were people that believed she could never amount to anything because she was a woman. Peggy was more than ready to prove them wrong. She fought harder than the other soldiers, including Steve, and proved every single time that she could hold her own. He wasn’t surprised when he found that he had fallen for the woman. He had a thing for stubborn, hot-headed brunettes.His best friend was a man named James Buchanan Barnes. Once again, no one called him James. He was Bucky. He was another stubborn, hot-headed brunette. He never backed down from a fight and cursed more than anyone Steve had met. He couldn’t help but think if his mother had the chance to meet him, Bucky would have spent most of the time with soap shoved down his throat.Steve was passionate about freedom and justice. He believed everyone should have equal rights and that no one should have the power to take choice away from anyone. He earned the nickname “Captain America” over time. No one called him by his name, he was always addressed as Captain America. Even Peggy teased him. Soldiers followed him into battle without question. No one doubted him. He would sooner sacrifice himself than make the wrong call.During a mission, his team was ambushed. Though victory was theirs, there were casualties and injured soldiers. Including Bucky and Steve. A grenade had been thrown in their direction. Before either of them could move an inch, the explosion had thrown them back. An ear-piercing scream cut through the haze. Steve turned his head to the side, struggling to focus. There was a sea of crimson beneath Bucky. The source being his right arm. He released another agonized scream, unable to focus on anything other than the pain.Steve made an attempt to head over towards his best friend but a sharp pain distracted him and he glanced down. His left leg was bent at an unnatural angle. When Bucky screamed once more, Steve ignored the burning pain and crawled over. Blood was everywhere. Bones were sticking out from his skin. Even without medical knowledge, Steve knew the arm couldn’t be saved. He would never walk without a limp nor would Bucky have his right arm back.The moment Steve returned to the States, he became depressed. Doctors said it was common for soldiers to suffer with depression after coming home. Especially soldiers that had become disable due to injuries caused while on tour. Steve worked as a cashier in the local bookstore during the day and a security guard at some jewlery store in Manhattan throughout the night. Which meant he only slept two hours in total.Each day was the same. He would spend the hours working, struggling to pay rent. There were times when he would forget to buy groceries because he was beyond exhausted and needed the extra time to rest before the next shift. The depression worsened to the point where death had become a constant thought running through his head. He imagined how simple it would be to put an end to everything. Every morning, he thought about how he could jump in front of the train. Every afternoon, he thought about how he could jump in front of a speeding car. Whenever he found the time to cook a meal, he imagined how he could cut his wrists and bleed to death. So he wasn’t surprised when he woke up in the hospital restrained to a bed.Everything had become pointless. He had become worthless. He expected to resume stumbling through life but the second he turned his head to the side, he was confronted by an enraged Bucky. He tried to remember the last time he had seen him or the last time he had a conversation with anyone outside of work. But he came up empty. He cowered against the pillows as his best friend shouted with tears streaming down his face. Steve wondered why he would shed tears over someone like him.Apparently Bucky could read his mind. “Damn it, Steve! I love you. You’re my best friend, my brother. We’ve been through hell and back together. How could you think for a moment that I would be okay without you?! You’re so fuckin’ 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Parent Steve Rogers
Kid Peter Parker
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Coping
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Depression
Family Feels
Good Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Is a Good Bro
Pepper Doesn't Get Paid Enough
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
Falling In Love
Explicit Sexual Content
Light Dom/sub

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter

