Work Text:
THE FIRST TIME HE EVER TOUCHED MJOLNIR, Tony was only barely aware of doing so. It was the middle of the night, he had been up for seventy-two hours straight and counting with the whole Loki fiasco, and was distracted by his tablet as he made his way by memory to the kitchen to get more coffee. He was not expecting the way to be blocked by something metal-hard the size of a cat lying in the middle of the floor, and so tripped over it.
"Oh, for fuck's sake," he grumbled, glaring down at it. A quick glance at the time signature on his tablet indicated it was ridiculously late by normal human standards, and Thor was supposed to be enjoying his reunion with his "beloved lady Jane", who probably wouldn't appreciate being woken up by Tony yelling at her boyfriend to keep his hammer out of the middle of the common areas' floorspace.
Damn it, I can't just leave it in the middle of the floor for someone else to trip on! he thought, scowling. With that thought, he bent down and grabbed the handle. It was heavy, sure, as he'd suspected from a metal war hammer, but not too heavy to manage. Quickly he moved over to one wall and set it down gently beside it where no one could accidentally trip on it, then continued on into the kitchen for coffee. I'll remind Thor about it tomorrow.
Tomorrow, however, found Tony wandering into the common area to hear Clint telling Thor about how he'd come in that morning to find Mjolnir against the wall and had tried to lift it but couldn't make it budge.
"Aye, 'tis part of the enchantment laid upon it," Thor explained, stroking the handle in a way that made Tony desperately wish he'd taken a cold shower earlier. "My father has decreed that only one who is worthy of the power of Thor may wield Mjolnir."
"Damn," Clint whistled, looking impressed and a little disgruntled. "That's some anti-theft insurance."
Tony turned around and headed for his bedroom. Clearly he was overdue for sleep if he'd managed to hallucinate lifting a hammer nobody but Thor could lift.
 
IT TURNED OUT THAT NOT BEING ABLE TO LIFT MJOLNIR WAS BIG NEWS, at least to the other Avengers. Tony woke to JARVIS informing him that Clint had called for an assemblage to see if anyone else on the team was "worthy" enough to lift it. He was sorely tempted to just go back to sleep, but his traitorous brain had kicked into gear with the thought of observation and data collection and testable hypotheses...
He was still grumbling under his breath when he joined the others in the living room, wearing a hastily donned pair of plaid pajama pants and a faded grey MIT t-shirt. His entrance earned him a few raised eyebrows from the others and a disapproving look from Rogers that made Tony want to grind his teeth. No question what they thought he'd been doing.
"So!" he said, sitting down on the steps and putting his elbows on his knees in an unconsciously passive-defensive posture. "Thor's the baseline, obviously. Who's tried to lift it so far?"
"I tried earlier," Clint offered. "We hadn't decided who should go next, though."
"Order of arrival?" Bruce suggested. That would put Tony last, he realized, which he was actually fine with. Everyone else shrugged, so Natasha stepped up and reached for the hammer.
It moved, barely a centimeter and with obvious effort on her part, but it did move just a little. Tony took careful mental notes while Clint whooped and Natasha stared at her own hand in disbelief.
"A valiant effort, shieldsister!" Thor exclaimed, smiling widely. Natasha managed a slight smile for him, but quickly retreated to her seat next to Clint, looking very controlled and, to Tony's eyes, a little disquieted.
"Guess that means it's my turn," Bruce said, grimacing slightly. He eyed the hammer cautiously, then stepped closer and touched the handle. Immediately, he jerked his hand away, shaking it and looking surprised.
"What happened?" Tony asked, leaning forward, partly curious about the reaction but mostly just concerned for Bruce.
"It shocked me," Bruce said, a little baffled. Glancing up at Thor, he added, "I guess Mjolnir doesn't much like the Other Guy."
"It's a hammer," Steve protested, looking uncertain. "Can it like or dislike someone?"
"Verily," Thor confirmed, nodding. "For the All-Father's enchantment requires Mjolnir to be capable of discerning worth and intent."
"So it probably matters what you intend to do once you've lifted it?" Tony asked, tilting his head to one side, then glanced slyly at Clint. "Just what were you thinking of doing when you tried to lift it earlier, Barton?"
Clint flushed. "I... mayhavebeenthinkingofhidingitinthefreezer," he admitted, trying not to look at Thor. Natasha smacked him on the shoulder, but Thor laughed amusedly.
"Indeed, Mjolnir would have protested such an act!" he said, grinning.
"Try again," Tony suggested. "This time think about, I don't know, moving it out of the floor so people don't trip or something."
Clint shot him an odd look, but shrugged and gamely fixed his express
[starting tags]
relationship: 
hinted Tony Stark/Clint Barton
Thor/Jane Foster

freeform: 
Tony is a BAMF
Mjolnir likes Tony
Steve can be an idiot

fandom: 
hinted Tony Stark/Clint Barton
Thor/Jane Foster

