Chapter 1: Bare essentials
    




Chapter Text
"Loki." Odin and Frigga stood in the rebuilt observatory near the ruined end of the Bifrost, looking at him sadly, as if they had any right. Thor held the Tesseract vessel in one hand, and Loki's elbow in the other. Loki still wore chains and that damnable muzzle, or he would have sneered at them all.Then Odin gestured, and the muzzle fell away, so he did."All-Father. Mother. Pleased to have your pet on a leash where he belongs?"Frigga looked pained at that, and surprisingly so did Odin. Thor shook Loki, because of course being physically threatening solved all his problems, and Loki shook him off with a glare."We failed you, Loki," said Frigga. "We only wanted—""You wanted to lie, and you did," said Loki flatly. "The only failing was in my finding out the truth." And in living when he meant to die, but they did not need or deserve to know that."The only failing, as you put it, was that we did not see how arrogant both our sons had become," said Odin. "And how resentful and jealous of one another."Loki laughed bitterly at that, a harsh sound like the call of a crow. "You imply Thor was ever jealous of me. Resentful, certainly, that he had to be saddled with my company. But jealous?" He shook his head, grinning viciously. "I think not.""Brother…""Be silent, you overbearing oaf," Loki hissed. "We are not brothers. We never were. Odin lied to you as well as to me. Did he not tell you, while I was gone? I am nothing more than a stolen war-prize to him, one that has outlived its usefulness."He turned the full force of his glare on the man he'd once called father, ignoring the part of him that still, quietly, hurt and wanted to come home. "So what now, All-Father? A swift execution, here, where no one in Asgard will learn that I did not die as you'd hoped?""I never hoped for your death. You are my son.""'No, Loki,'" Loki quoted, and watched the old man's face pale. "Laufey's son. Left to die. Dropped into an abyss because I could never live up to Thor's golden greatness and I finally discovered why. That is what I am; do not pretend otherwise.""Loki, stop this," said Frigga. Pleaded, really, and that was the only reason that he obeyed her."You believe yourself to have been perpetually overlooked," said Odin. "You told Thor before your fall that you never wanted the throne. That you wished only to be seen as Thor's equal. Is this true?""Would you care if it was?" countered Loki.Odin's expression hardened, and that quiet part of Loki that he'd gotten so good at ignoring felt a thrill of fear. "If it is equality you want, then equality you shall have," he said. "Thor was banished, stripped of his power, until he should become worthy again. You shall receive the same, in hopes that you will regain the same."Loki scoffed. "I do not carry a magic hammer to measure whether or not I am sufficiently humbled and willing to obey your whims once more," he said. "And if you think sending me to Midgard is a good idea, then I shall have to wonder whether your wits are failing you in your old age.""No," said Odin. "Not Midgard.""We will watch over you, my son," said Frigga. "We will know when it is time for you to return."Loki bared his teeth in rage. "You presume you have any right to sit in judgment over me, to set your arbitrary standards by which I shall always be measured and never shall measure up. Does Odin try to convince you that I shall one day be worthy to return here? He lies, as he has always lied. And you lie to yourself, as I suspect you have always done, if you take his words at face value. This supposed banishment is merely a convenient way for him to toss me aside, while he avoids dirtying his hands with my blood.""Enough, Loki," said Odin tiredly. "It is my hope—""Spare me your hope," Loki cut him off, his lip curling in disgust.Odin merely sighed. "You will return, one day," he said, and then waved his hand."Brother—" "Farewell, my son—"The words echoed strangely, as the world twisted and grew dim, and once again, Loki felt himself falling into nothingness.Terror would have made him scream, but spite made him clench his mouth shut, until Loki knew no more.
"Okay, so, Janie, you're saying that you can predict gravitational anomalies that confirm both Einstein and Hawking's theories, and can pinpoint their location?" Tony was sitting on a work table, munching an apple with his feet rolling a computer chair back and forth."More than that," came the reply, "and it's Dr. Foster to you.""Seriously? That makes you sound so old.""No, it makes me sound like I actually have the degree I worked my ass off to earn," said Jane, and Tony could actually see the fire starting to light in her eyes. He liked her already."Okay, fine, Doc then. But come on. You were saying.""I was saying I am this close to being able to create the anomalies myself, small-scale, and with your tech and computing power I should be able to finally reach that milestone. Right now, I'm…" She paused, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Castaways
Stranded
Banishment
Stone Age tech
survivalist - Freeform
Fuck Asgard
TOTALLY GEN NOTHING TO SEE HERE
Loki Redemption
Letting go and growing up
actually gen
You can read pre-slash into it if you want
Sympathetic Odin
Or At Least I Tried
Tony Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Loki Does What He Wants
TONY AND LOKI DO WHAT THEY WANT
Also: Fuck Asgard

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

