Work Text:
Bucky tried to secure his grip on his groceries as he waddled upstairs. They were slipping from his grasp, he could tell. And there were still two fucking flights of stairs to go until he reached his floor. Bucky paused, set the bags down, and flexed his fingers. He took a deep breath, looking dully at the red indents that the plastic bags had made on his skin. Which reminded him. He needed to get some reusable bags. They’d be bigger and much easier on his hand. Bucky rubbed his hand against his chest to get some of the feeling back into it. Then, he leaned down and gathered the bags again, braving the last two flights of stairs with only moderate frustration. He reached his door and absently reached for his keys. But of course, he couldn’t get to his keys because he only had one fucking useless arm. “Right,” Bucky muttered. He had to set the plastic bags down again. As Bucky moved to do just that, one of the plastic handles snapped. His carton of milk and carton of eggs crashed to the floor as if in slow motion, and Bucky stared in numb silence as the cracked egg yolk and spilled milk seeped into the carpet. “Fuck,” Bucky whispered, squeezing his eyes shut. He dropped the rest of his bags and pressed a shaking hand to his eye. He let his forehead thunk onto the surface of his front door. “Fucking fuck.” Bucky wiped furiously at a stray tear, gritting his teeth. He’d been doing so fucking well. He’d gotten his job back. He’d gotten an apartment close to the university. He’d been able to look at the subway without wanting to physically throw up (although he hadn’t been able to even entertain the idea of riding it). He’d gone out to get fucking groceries, goddammit. “I am literally crying over spilled milk,” Bucky growled angrily, and, oh great, he was talking to himself now. “Bro,” a voice said from above. Bucky looked up sharply and saw a man lounging on the ceiling beams, eating a slice of pizza. His hair was atrociously messy, his nose was broken, he had two black eyes, and he was wearing all purple. Bucky resigned himself to the fact that he was probably going to be murdered by this guy. “What d’you what?” Bucky snapped hoarsely with a dignified sniffle. The man blinked very slowly. “Wanna pet my dog?” “What?” “He’s very cute,” the man explained. “He only has one eye, but that’s okay because I see really well. It’s kinda my thing. Like, I may be deaf as fuck, but I can see like a superhero. Not literally. That’d be sick, though.” Bucky stared at him. “Are you fucking high?” “High up,” the man said, smirking. “Anyway, my dog’s name is Lucky. He’s great. But my best friend, Nat, is kind of afraid of dogs, and she was just over yesterday, so he’s feeling very neglected.” Bucky was so confused. “Are you a dog person?” “I... yeah?” “Sick, bro. I’m Clint.” “I’m Bucky.” “You just moved in, right? The Russian asshat who owns this place was talking about you and your dreamy eyes,” Clint said, shifting so that he was hanging upside-down on the ceiling beam like some kind of fucking acrobat, cocking his head and batting his eyes. “Um.” “Fuck, I’d have to agree with the bastard. Those eyes are enchanting.” Bucky frowned. “Are you... flirting with me?” Clint rolled his eyes. “We’ll see where the night takes us, hotshot. Are you going to invite me into your apartment?” “I- I thought-“ “Yeah, I know. I wanna see your apartment first. Lucky later.” Bucky swallowed heavily and grabbed his keys, finally unlocking the door. What the fuck was he even doing? This guy was a complete stranger and was probably going to murder him. Clint dropped down from the ceiling beams and picked up a few of Bucky’s groceries. “Leave the milk and eggs for the asshole landlord to clean up. Anyway, I think I have an extra carton or something in my apartment.” Bucky numbly picked up the rest of the bags, walked into his kitchen, and started putting things away. Clint followed suit, asking things like, “Bro, where do your snacks go?” Bucky sat down on one of the stools by his counter and let his forehead drop onto the surface. “Long day?” Clint asked. Bucky picked his head up and glared at him. “Okay, that’s cool, bro. Me too. I got beat up by a bunch of mercenaries but then a cool mercenary rescued me. But don’t tell him I think he’s cool,” Clint said, hopping up to sit on the counter, swinging his legs. “The things that would do to his ego.” “Are you some kind of vigilante?” Bucky asked. “No, I’m totally government-sanctioned. Most things I do are hella legal.” “Most things?” Bucky echoed. Clint just winked. “I went to the grocery store,” Bucky finally admitted with the same levity had he been talking about getting the death penalty. For his part, Clint just nodded sympathetically, pretending to understand. “Sucks.” “Yeah.” “Wanna pet my dog?” Bucky sighed. At least if Clint killed him, he’d probably be a bro about it. “Yes, please.” “Sweet.” Clint bounded to his feet. “I live on the floor above yours.” “Okay.” “Sometimes I get visit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Bucky
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Deaf Clint Barton
Bucky has issues
Clint Has Issues
Bucky and Clint's Bromance Will Outlive Us All
injuries
Milk and Eggs
Fluff
Angst
Meet-Cute (Platonic)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

