Chapter 1





Chapter Text

‘Psst – Harry!’


He turned, halfway along the third-floor corridor, to see Fred and George peering out at him from behind a statue of a humpbacked, one-eyed witch.


‘What are you doing?’ said Harry curiously. ‘How come you’re not going to Hogsmeade?’


‘We’ve come to give you a bit of festive cheer before we go,’ said Fred, with a mysterious wink. ‘Come in here ...’ [Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban – JK Rowling]


 

Having nothing better to do, Harry decided to follow the twins inside the empty classroom.
“What is it that you wanted to show me?” Harry asked curiously.
“Well, dear Harrykins…” Fred said
“…we discovered that your larger-than-a-baboon uncle…” George continued in their typical twin-speech.
“…and thinner-than-bamboo aunt…”
“…refused to sign your Hogsmeade slip.”
“So as the kind hearted,”
“…gorgeous Samaritans we are…”
“…we decided to show you the source of our success.”
Not knowing what to expect, Harry had a sceptical look on his face. It was true that the twins were notoriously famous for their pranks, but even they had to admit that they were more often than not caught in the act by their head of house, professor McGonagall or the bat of the dungeons, professor Snape.
“We see you are in doubt, Harrykins…”
“…but let us assure you…”
“…it may seem like we spend most of our time in detention…”
“…but they haven’t caught us for nearly have of the stuff we pulled…”
Not waiting any longer, Fred reached inside the pocket of his robes and pulled out a yellowish, old looking parchment. He placed it on top of the nearest desk and looked at it proudly.
“An old piece of paper? Why is this the key to your success? What can it do?” Harry asked doubtfully.
“Just an old piece of paper?”
“Blasphemy, Harrykins…”
“This isn’t just a simple piece of paper!”
“Just watch.”
George poked the parchment with his wand while clearly saying “I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.” With a wicked grin.
The first few seconds it didn’t seem like anything would happen, but after a while thin ink lines began to spread like a spider’s web from the point that George’s wand had touched. They joined each other, they criss-crossed, they fanned into every corner of the parchment; then words began to blossom across the top, great, curly green words, that proclaimed:

Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers are proud to present
 
 THE MARAUDER
’
S MAP 
[Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban – JK Rowling]

Harry looked at the piece of paper more closely and his mouth fell open in bewilderment.
“Is this what I think it is?” Harry gasped.
“Well, that depends…”
“…are you thinking that this is a map of Hogwarts…”
“…that also portrays everyone and their exact location?”
“Then yes, that is exactly what you are looking at.” They said with a proud smirk on their faces.
“You, guys, that’s amazing! No wonder you can wander the corridors at night without being caught. I have an invisibility cloak and even with that I have had to run from Filch and Snape. This is genius!” Harry exclaimed.
“We already know all the secret passages and the passwords, so we are willing to give you the map for future mischief. If we need it for a prank, we will share it and let you know first.” Fred said.
“Merlin, that’s awesome, thank you so much. Snape will never be able to catch me again!” Harry said while laughing childishly. “But I can’t just accept this from you, this is way too much! There has to be something you want in exchange!” Harry said naively not knowing that the twins had already prepared for it.
“You are right, Harrykins.”
“There is something you can do for us, as you know…”
“…we like to invent our own potions, mostly for pranking …”
“…but we also make some for our own private purposes.”
“Normally George and I test them ourselves, but…”
“…this time it has to be taken by a third party.”
“The only thing you have to do, is take this potion.” They said in unison.
They gave Harry a pink potion that smelt like strawberries. Without asking what the potion would do, Harry swallowed the entire content. After all, it was only fair: Harry needed the map and they needed a test subject. 
It didn’t take long before Harry started feeling strange. His body temperature started to rise and he felt a flush on his face. It felt like thousands of tiny butterflies were in his stomach and miniscule ants were crawling all over his skin. To his horror, he felt something wet between his buttocks, it was like a gooey liquid that was dripping from his ass.
The wet feeling made his dick harden in arousal and his hole felt strangely empty. Which was weird, because things weren’t supposed to get in there, only out of it.
“Mhm, Fred, George, what’s happening? Why am I feeling so hot?” Harry moaned.
“It’s just part of the potion, little one…”
“…just do what feels natural.”
Harry immediately started to peel of his too hot pants and sweater. He was too busy undressing to see the lust filled looks t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley
Harry Potter/George Weasley
Fred Weasley/George Weasley

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rough Sex
Blow Jobs
Rough Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Breeding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Submissive Harry
dominant Fred
dominant George
Doggy Style
naive Harry
Mildly Dubious Consent
Potions
Lust Potion/Spell
Underage Sex
Nipple Play
Rutting
Slut Shaming
Cock Slut Harry
Begging
Bukkake
Spitroasting
Double Penetration
Masturbation
Object Insertion
Horny Harry

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley/George Weasley
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley
Harry Potter/George Weasley
Fred Weasley/George Weasley

