Work Text:

Bucky sees Captain America first on a television in homeroom. Even on its small screen, hanging overhead the whiteboard on the other side of the room, he seems imposing, the wide set of his shoulders and the firm line of his mouth. In the months to come, recaps of The Avengers’ every outing becomes a regular news item. Montages of SHIELD approved media that does its best to obscure everything but the least obvious tactics and weaponry. Sometimes even locations remain a mystery to the masses, when they’re able to pull a mission off in secrecy but have to disclose for one reason or another their accomplished goal.

With less than a year left until graduation the usual, restless discussion stirs up; speculating over what Captain America can or cannot survive. Bucky watches the footage and listens with one ear as Robbie from two seats down wonders if stoic Cap could survive through fire, like he’d survived freezing. Or torn apart into too many pieces to regenerate, Lucas says, and someone nearby makes a dramatic, hurling noise. Or thrown out of airlock in space, someone else whispers excitedly, a little too loud for Mrs. Weeks, who taps her ruler on her table so the room returns to a muted hush. 

That first time, Bucky wonders how a guy like that can live in the world as it is, what he spends his time doing when he isn’t out saving the world. He’s like an alien from the pulpy, battered, science fiction books he keeps in a box in his closet, a creature ripped through time and space, dropped into a strange new dimension. Except the Captain is in human skin, Bucky thinks, and suddenly he’s asked to defend a world he’s no longer a part of. 

The news eventually shifts to their own student-led broadcast, and Bucky turns his attention away from the screen.

*

Months later, Bucky hears the motorcycle first. He only dimly registers it until the engine dies right outside his window. He’s lying in bed reading by the yellow light of the lamp on his nightstand, in a thin tank and his boxers, the weather just warm enough in the ending days of Spring that his window is propped open to let the night air in without the sweltering heat he knows is incoming. 

Bucky sets his book aside and walks to the other side of his bedroom, bracing his hands on the sill to look outside. The evening traffic is light, parked cars lining the road. His breath catches when he sees it's none other than Steve Rogers, parked right below his window on the street, swinging one long leg over as he dismounts. He’s in civilian attire, dark jeans and a plain white t-shirt, showing in a bright stripe through the gap in his leather jacket. 

Bucky watches with bated breath until Steve enters their building. He scrambles out onto the fire escape a second later, and stares down, afraid to even blink, watching the column of identically placed windows in every floor below and above, twisting his neck until an indeterminant amount of time later, a light turns on. Bucky’s heart leaps hard in his chest. 

It’s the apartment directly below their own. 

*

It becomes something of a ritual over the next few days. Bucky does his homework at his desk with one ear on the street sounds filtering through his window, and an hour or so after dinner he hears the familiar rumble of Steve’s motorcycle pulling up to their street. 

“Why do you think he’d pick a place like this?” Bucky asks over dinner one night.

The super had come around the week before, working his way door to door with a stack of NDAs and a firm warning.

His ma shifts on the sofa. She’s half-way to falling asleep, still in her hospital scrubs, with her plate on the low table before her practically untouched.

“Pick a place like what, honey?” she asks, the television overcutting her sleepy mumble. 

“He could live anywhere,” Bucky says. His ma always refers to the Captain as ‘that poor man’ and predictably, her face goes soft.

“He probably just wants to feel normal every once in a while,” she says. 

It’s not that Bucky thinks low of their neighborhood, it’s just that the Avengers summon up in his mind Stark’s tall, shiny tower, and their fast flying jet and cutting edge weaponry. It seems, relatively speaking, a downgrade.

He washes his dish at the sink and retreats to his room, sitting by the sill until his eyelids droop and he climbs into bed.

*

Bucky takes to sitting out on the fire escape when he knows the Captain is home, craning his head to see as much as he can of the apartment, which isn’t much. Mostly he sees the soft, dark fabric of a curtain fluttering out against the ledge every now and then, or a shadow passing by, a flicker in the muted wash of light. He hears the television some nights, in a low hush, but more often old timey music, lingering in the air like a mist. 

Bucky can’t match the glimpses he’s gotten of the person behind the shield with the image he’s had in his head. He takes out his old comics, pages curling at the edges with age, and frowns down at the exaggerat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Underage Character(s)
Size Difference
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

