Work Text:
"Hello Jeannie.""Phil!"The fuzzy picture on the monitor slowly sharpened to show a pretty woman with dark, curly hair. Phil noted that the hair was shorter than it had been the last time he saw her and was vaguely dismayed to realise that their last conversation had been three months ago. Where did time go?"How's my big brother?" Jeannie said with a wide smile."I'm fine."There was a pause and then Jeannie said, "Phil, are you OK?""I just told you, I'm fine.""Hmm." Jeannie's expression became the familiar, stubborn one he had learned to dread. "If you're fine, then turn on the camera. I know your camera works, you're you and you hate using broken tech."Phil gave in and turned on his webcam."Phil! What happened?""I got mugged," he said calmly.Jeannie's eyes narrowed. "That would have been so much more convincing if I hadn't seen you on CNN yesterday getting thrown around by some kind of giant robot.""If you knew, why did you ask?""I'm trying to play into the little game where you pretend to be an accountant and I pretend to believe you, but I'm too tired for it today. I'm your sister, you think that I can't spot when you're lying through your teeth? It works on Mom but it doesn't work on me."There were days when having a sister who was observant, intelligent and unafraid gave Phil a terrible headache. And then there were days like today when it was actually a relief because he wouldn't have to lie to her anymore. Phil was oddly unsurprised that she'd worked it out after all these years."That's a real shiner," Jeannie said with a smile. "And the sling looks great with your tie. Next time, try ducking?"I'll try to remember that," Phil said as someone knocked on his door.The door opened before he could say anything and Clint strode in waving a sheet of paper."Did you see this? They're telling me that I filled in the IR-887 wrong again! All I want is some fu-""Hi Clint!" Jeannie said brightly.Clint stopped and closed his mouth so quickly Phil could hear his teeth click. He even flushed slightly. "Hi Jeannie?""I've heard the word fuck before," Jeannie said dryly. "Don't feel you have to stop for me."Clint shrugged even though there was no way for Jeannie to see it with the camera angle. "Uh, yeah.""You're as bad as my brother.""Hey, did Lucy get that thing?""Lucy got that thing," Jeannie confirmed to Phil's great confusion. "Thanks for the lead.""No problem." Clint waved the papers in his hand. "I'll just wait over here until you're done, boss."He sprawled out on Phil's couch and Phil resigned himself to never getting a private conversation with his sister."When were you talking to Barton about Lucy?" Phil asked quietly.There was a quiet rustle from Clint's direction but thankfully he said nothing, pretending deep interest in his misfiled forms."Last week," Jeannie said. "I called your cell and you were in the shower so I had a bit of a chat with Clint. He gave me a few leads to find the decorations for Lucy's cake, she's completely Brave obsessed right now and do you have any idea how hard it is to find Merida cake topper? You should bring him home sometime, Lucy's dying to meet him.""I should-""And hey, I know just the thing! You should bring him home for Christmas.""I'm not-""If you so much as think about telling me that you're not coming home for Christmas, I will kill you. I will hunt you down, there is nowhere on Earth you will be able to hide, and I will kill you in the most painful way I know. And believe me, over the last year I've thought up lots of really painful ways to kill people. You can thank Derek for that."Phil frowned. "Jeannie, are you alright?""No, I'm not alright." Jeannie ran a hand through her hair, setting all her curls awry. "Derek's decided to spend Christmas in the Bahamas with the secretary he left me for on New Year's Eve. Abby's furious with him so that's probably not an entirely bad thing but Jake’s...Phil, our mother is coming for Christmas and she's bringing Danni and Tab. Jake is nine. He's going to be lost in a sea of oestrogen and he needs somebody with a Y-chromosome to balance things out.""I thought Danni was with someone?"Jeannie gave him a nasty look. "Phil, she broke up with Gary last year. Last. Year. Do you ever actually listen to the family gossip when I'm telling you?""I do," Clint called."Thank you, Clint. You, I like right now. My brother, not so much.""He's got his good points."Phil started to get a horrible picture of what Christmas would be like if he allowed Clint anywhere near his family."And if one of those good points was some consideration for my mental health, I'd love him a lot more." Jeannie glared. "Phil, our mother will be here. Please, come home. Bring Clint. Save me and my children from Mom and Danni.""I'm still not sure how me coming home for Christmas will save anyone from our mother," Phil said tiredly."You won't. Clint will.""How?"Jeannie's smile was pure evil. "She'll be so busy adoring your boyfriend that she won't have time to make any
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Christmas
Get Together
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Humor
Mistletoe
First Kiss
kissing under the mistletoe
Fluff

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

