Work Text:
Steve came awake slowly, like he was drifting through a pleasant haze of warmth and happiness. He rarely woke up through such a feeling, so he clung to it as consciousness gradually descended on his mind. Bucky shifted, and Steve let his eyes flutter open. Like usual, Bucky was completely sprawled on top of him because Bucky was a cat secretly controlling a hot guy’s body. Bucky rubbed his lightly stubbled face against Steve’s chest, and Steve felt goosebumps appear. Steve shivered lightly and ran a hand down Bucky’s bare back. Bucky made a sleepy noise. “Mmmifmmht,” he mumbled incoherently. “What was that, Buck?” “Mmmifmmht,” Bucky said with a little bit more insistence. Steve laughed softly and had to remind himself not to smile too hard. That would be creepy. Bucky opened his eyes to a squint that looked kind of hilariously disoriented. “Whattimeisit,” he croaked. “Early,” Steve answered. Bucky wrinkled his nose, glaring at the wall. “Why.” “I mean... I know time is a social construct, but it’s been a pretty consistent one for a while now.” Bucky whined. “Stevie, ‘m not awake enough for clever banter.” “Well excuse me, Professor Barnes.” Bucky shivered, and Steve blinked. “Huh. Interesting. You like it when I call you that.” Bucky’s cheeks flushed. “I do not.” “Very interesting,” Steve teased. He pressed a kiss to the top of Bucky’s head. “My arm’s asleep.” “My arm’s gone,” Bucky shot back. Steve rolled his eyes. “You can’t use that on me.” “That’s because you’re the biggest asshole of a boyfriend and you don’t even care that I’m an amputee,” Bucky complained. Steve scoffed. “Face it, Buck. You’ve desensitized me.” (They both knew that this was a lie. Just last week, Steve had broken a guy’s nose for calling Bucky a cripple.) “I’ve created a monster.” “You love me.” Bucky smiled and propped himself up on his elbow so that he could lean down to give Steve a proper kiss. Steve ignored the morning breath because the kiss was so nice. “More and more every day.” “Oh my god. That was so sappy.” “Steve,” Bucky said, letting his face melt into faux-solemnity. “You know that when push comes to shove, I will send a fully armed battalion to remind you of my love,” Bucky sang. Steve groaned, closing his eyes as Bucky continued to sing. “You say our love is draining and you can’t go-“ “Buuuuuuuuuuuck.” “You’ll be the one complaining when I am-“ “Bucky. Oh my god.” Steve waited it out as Bucky finished the song, trying not to smile. Because Bucky was the most amazing person Steve knew, but he was not a good singer. And it was fucking adorable. When Bucky had finished, he whacked Steve’s pecks, sitting up a little bit. “Oh, hey. You know how the spring semester just ended and I have summer mostly away from the office?” “Yeah?” “I want to go pick up some supplies from my office to bring home today. Wanna come with me?” Steve pretended to think about it. “If I do, will you refrain from singing Hamilton songs for five minutes?” Bucky looked legitimately offended. “No.” He scrambled out of bed, and Steve’s eyes flicked down to where Bucky was still completely naked. He felt himself blush furiously. “How can you be annoyed with Hamilton?” “I’m... not...” Steve said slowly, struggling to keep his eyes on Bucky’s face. “You just sing it a lot.” Bucky scowled. “I am slow to anger, but I toe the line, as I reckon with the effects of your life on mine. I look back on where I’ve failed, and in every place I checked the only common thread has been your disrespect.” Steve made a face. “You’re being so over-dramatic. I know you’re trying to be clever with the Hamilton quotes but-“ “If you’ve got something to say, name a time and a place, face-to-face.” Steve sighed. He kicked off the bed sheets, letting his legs splay open as he sat on the edge of the mattress. He didn’t miss the way Bucky’s eyes flicked down. “Never mind.” Bucky rolled his eyes and strolled into the kitchen after stepping into a pair of sweats. Steve followed, putting on his boxers from last night. “We’ll head over to the university after breakfast?” Bucky asked. “And a shower.” Bucky frowned, and Steve could tell by the slight glaze to his eyes that he was thinking about last night. “A shower is probably necessary,” he conceded, sitting down on a stool. “Can you call Sam and tell him to come make us French toast?” “Sam is at his mother’s house in DC for the weekend, so no. I can make you French toast.” Bucky wrinkled his nose. “Stevie, I love you more than anything in the world, but your cooking is not excellent.” Steve rolled his eyes, sitting on the stool next to Bucky. “You try growing up in the thirties and making due with all this food.” Bucky sighed. “Here we go.” Steve shot him a glare. “I’m not gonna go on a rant about rationing,” he said gloomily. Bucky stood and kissed Steve on the cheek as he made his way to the refrigerator. “I’ll make us some eggs.” “Okay.” “Have you ever thought about how much of an asshole Aaron Burr is in Non-Stop?” Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Bucky
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Hamilton References
Bucky is Obsessed With Hamilton
Steve is annoyed
Domestic Fluff
Office Sex
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Established Relationship
Helppp

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

