Chapter 1: 1
    




Chapter Text
The first thing, before he even registers that someone is calling his name, is the heat. It’s burning and hurting; it’s obtrusive and feels like something sleek and dry clinging to his skin; it’s everywhere: in his throat and on his back and making his half-covered head ache dully, making his skin feel stretched and too small on his bony frame. He notices the grains, then, under the surfaces his body, scratching and hard, and it takes him a moment to remember that it is sand.Sand, sand, sand everywhere. The sun. Desert. Afghanistan. The cave – Yinsen –‘Tony?’ he finally fishes out of the sudden noise all around, a strange loud rumble mixed with dozens of voices talking at once, talking in English and not Farsi, yes please, he’ll gladly welcome a nice American accent.‘Tony? You with me? Tony?’ the voice persists, and he starts to connect it, his brain slowly starts working, he’s heard this voice before, many times before –‘Rhodey?’ he rasps, trying to figure out what happened, how did Rhodey find him? hasn’t he been wandering around the dunes for so long that it felt like days, like weeks, like a lifetime?His throat is dry and coughs roughly, trying to find enough saliva to spit the sand out –‘Tony, man, I thought we’ve lost you – don’t think too much, I’ve got you. You are okay, I’ve got you…’ Rhodey’s voice trails off and suddenly there are hands all around Tony’s oversensitive skin, making it burn even more, but he is in too much pain to care anymore.***When he wakes up again there is no sun, the heat is a bit less and there is buzzing silence in his ears. The new place smells like antiseptic and soap. Medical shit, then, Tony decides. There is something on his face, some light cloth, an iv in his hand, a cast on the other, and a few bandages over stinging burns and scrapes, he can feel them just like he could feel the sand. Then then there is – a hand? A hand in his, and it moves when he flinches a little.‘It’s just me, Tony,’ Rhodey tells him, the voice deep and low from his throat filled with tears – Tony can say, he’s known the man for long enough to read between lines.‘How…’ Tony starts, but Rhodey cuts in.‘Three months. Three months, man, it’s a miracle they let me look for you that long, everyone just deemed you dead, well, anyone but Pepper and me, apparently…’‘Pepper…’ Tony manages to say; his whole chest hurts when he exhales quickly. The hand squeezes his reassuringly and he wants to add sharply I don’t need a babysitter but he is kind of unable to make the any noise.‘She’s all right. I called her when you were out; she burst into tears. You know how she is… Just don’t think too much, Tony, relax and rest and – yeah. Take your time, you were half dead when we found you.’Tony doesn’t say anything; he doesn’t even nod, he focuses on thoughts running messily in his head and he’s trying hard not to move and make everything hurt more (his skin, he can feel it p e e l i n g off, blisters covered with something cold and sleek, on his nape and back and arms –) He lets Rhodey hold his hand, the heat of the man’s body burning his oversensitive skin but it’s easy enough to ignore, and it makes him sure he is back. Back somewhere.***The next time Tony wakes it feels like night: there is a slight fresh breeze coming in from an apparently open window, and he can hear cicadas singing out somewhere, together with underground buzz of electricity he is so familiar with. Fuck it,  he thinks, I remember the mess my face was after all the explosions, but I’d like this thing off me, please, I’ve been blindfolded and with a bag over my head for long enough recently and a change would be nice. Tony is much more aware of the surroundings than the previous time; the pain is dulled, he has no idea if it’s because he’s healing or because they’ve been pumping more painkillers into him, but it was a nice change. All the bandages and dressings are in place, though the colonel’s hand isn’t there.‘Rhodey?’ Tony calls out, hearing his rough but noticeably stronger voice echoing in the room. ‘Anyone here?’A few moments later someone approaches the room and stops briefly before opening the door. Tony recognized the pattern of steps, of course he does.‘Tony, man, how are you feeling? Are you in pain?’‘I’ll manage,’ he says.‘Do you want me to call a doctor?’ Rhodey asks and Tony feels a sudden rush of panic, making his heart skip a beat, sweat breaking out on his temples. It was still much too warm. Still Afghanistan, Tony makes a mental note, what are they doing to me here? Are they going to keep me like an exhibit and stare at the thing? ‘No doctors, Rhodey, just… no,’ he says in the end. ‘Has anyone – seen?’‘The thing in your chest? Yes, the doctors did. When they were trying to keep you alive. But no one has an idea of what it is, and I didn’t let anyone look for too long. Figured you wouldn’t want that.’‘Thanks.’‘You owe me for that. The doctors are unbelievably noisy, they fussed over that fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

freeform: 
Blind Character
Mental Health Issues
Depression
Permanent Injury
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Tony Feels
Fluff and Angst
Community: avengerkink
Recovery
Hurt/Comfort
Ableism

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

