Work Text:
Steve wakes up cold.  Steve almost always wakes up cold, though, so it takes him a couple minutes to realise that this time it’s not just him, this time, the whole room is freezing.He rolls out of bed and pulls on the zip-up Yankees sweatshirt that Natasha made him buy the last time they went to a game.  It made Tony laugh when he saw it, but it really is incredibly comfortable.“JARVIS?” Steve asks, letting himself out of his room and heading for the elevator.  “Sir,” JARVIS says smartly.  “I do apologise for the sudden drop in temperature.  It appears that the reactor powering the Tower has malfunctioned.  Mr Stark is investigating.”The elevator arrives but Steve hesitates over which floor to select.  He was planning to check on Bucky, but now he’s wondering if Tony needs his help more.  “Miss Potts and Dr Banner are assisting Mr Stark,” JARVIS tells him kindly, once again proving why Clint calls him a creepy mindreader.  Not that Steve finds it creepy; he thinks it’s incredibly comforting to have someone who understands his thought processes more often than not and won’t tease him for them.“Thanks,” Steve says, smiling up at the ceiling, and jumps into the elevator before anyone else wakes up and commandeers it.Bucky’s floor is one above Steve’s and it’s even colder up here.  Steve decides that he’ll just peek his head around the door and leave, if Bucky is still asleep.  No one should wake up to this kind of cold, not if they don’t have to.Bucky's bed is empty.Steve knows it's no big deal, knows that he shouldn't panic, but it's the middle of the night and Bucky should be here, dammit.  Unable to help himself, Steve heads back out into Bucky's suite, throwing open every door, even checking in the closet.There's no one here.Steve's heart is beating too fast, chest tightening as though his old asthma is making a return.  Bucky's only been out of SHIELD lock-down for a month; if he woke up and couldn't remember where (or who) he was, then he could have gone anywhere.  Then an icy blast of wet-tinged wind blows across Steve's back and he spins around, noticing a half-opened window that he carelessly overlooked before."Bucky?" Steve calls, sticking his head outside.  It's snowing, big wet clumps that slap weakly against his cheek.No one answers, but Steve hears a soft shuffle from above his head, and twists around to look up, coming face to foot with the sole of a black boot."Bucky," Steve sighs and pulls himself out of the window onto the tiny balcony, balancing on the railing for a second before swinging up onto the flat part of the roof that Bucky's perched on.Bucky is sitting very still, eyes wide and staring sightlessly out over the glittering landscape of New York.  The swirling snow makes Steve feel dizzy, but he blinks that away, leaning into Bucky's side."Hey?" he asks.  Bucky's gaze is lost and empty for a long moment, nothing of Bucky there, and it takes Steve back to the awful, wonderful day when they first found the Winter Soldier.  Bucky mumbles back in something that must be Russian, then shakes his head, clearing his throat.  "Rogers, hey, what the fuck are you doing?" he asks, sounding muddled like he's just woken up.“Looking for you,” Steve says with a shrug, like it’s no big deal to be sitting on a roof in the snow in December.  This isn’t the worst place Bucky has wondered off to after a nightmare; in fact, Steve wouldn’t even put it in the top ten.“Jesus fuck,” Bucky says, after another moment.  He shivers violently and presses his hands into his armpits.  “Sorry.  You want to go back inside?”“I don’t mind,” Steve says, even though he really would rather be out of the cold.  The snow makes the cold more bearable, though.  For him, anyway.  He glances across at Bucky.  “Do you?”Bucky hesitates for a second then, “Yeah,” he says and slides off the roof.There’s one, breathless moment where Steve forgets the balcony that’s directly below them and all he sees is Bucky, surrounded by snow and falling abruptly away from him all over again.He thinks he’s managed to cut off the sound that floods his throat, but when he follows Bucky down, he has to put a hand against the doorframe because he’s shaking so hard.“Okay?” Bucky asks, raising his eyebrows at him.“Peachy,” Steve lies and climbs back in through the window ahead of Bucky.“Fuck, why is it so damn cold?” Bucky demands, shaking snow out of his hair and looking around the room in betrayal.  “I thought the one good thing about fancy modern heating is that you don’t gotta be cold in winter if you don’t want.”Steve shrugs.  “I’m not sure.  JARVIS says Tony and Bruce are fixing it.”  He closes the window then drags a chair up to it, so they can still look out.  He curls his legs under him and sits down on his feet.  He hates having cold toes.  He hated it in the war and he still hates it now.“That why you came to check on me?” Bucky drawls.  “Aren’t you cute.”Steve refuses to let on that he’s blushing, so he shoves Bucky in the shoulder 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Slight Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
First Kiss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Slight Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

