Chapter 1: Into the Ice
    




Chapter Text
"Perhaps, Lord Fárbauti, you would mean to please me?" Laufey said, pacing the room quietly, heavy crimson eyes watching Fárbauti."I know not of what I mean to do with you, Laufey King, only that I was summoned to your presence." Fárbauti says, trying to keep his voice steady and plain. Fárbauti was strong, but even the strongest tremor before Laufey."I mean many wicked things for you..." Laufey said, pulling Fárbauti to his feet.In conclusion, that could be the simplest explanation of the origin of Laufey King's lover.Helblindi was the first child, born into a glorious golden age of Jötunheimr. Beautiful ice palaces and temples lined Helblindi's city. The people were cheery and content. When season came in, the fishermen were prosperous.Helblindi grew up with a touching coolness in his heart of the Casket of Ancient Winters. He grew and under the approval of his sire, Fárbauti, and his dam, the King. His parents were the fiercest of the fierce, and Helblindi and his brothers yet to come would be fiercer.Laufey's second pregnancy was miserable. He could hold no food, and he had rapid, random, deteriorating mood swings. When the councilmen did not follow his irrational orders, men were found dead on the floor.Laufey bore a second youngling. The child was named Loki, and early in his life, Loki presented the most curious qualities. While bright and clever like Helblindi, the child had no spots for his horns to grow, which puzzled Laufey and Fárbauti. It was only seven weeks after his birth, that Loki's parents realized the boy was growing hair.A runt.The news that Laufey King had bore a runt spread life wildfire through Jötunheimr. It said nothing of the child, but only of the child's dam and sire, this weakness. It was shameful for Laufey to have bore such a weak, useless son. Many thanked the Norns that Laufey King had bore Helblindi first, for what an unnatural mess a runty king would be.Not long after this relevation, Loki was brought to the temple. He was laid on the ground before an idol of a great king of Jötunheimr past, where he would wait, for all the great chieftains and warriors to come.Loki was given little food nor drink in his wait, as to purify his body. Only enough to sustain him.The great men of Jötunheimr arrived, bearing gifts. They were placed in the rooms of the Ice Palace that would soon become Loki's.They were led into the temple, where the infant child was set upon a pedestal, his curious eyes looking around the new menagerie for him to watch. But he was so hungry! It was cold here... Colder than he liked.The child's eyes brightened, recognizing its dam as Laufey King came into the temple, walking straight up to his son. Fárbauti followed, holding Heblindi's hand. Laufey filed up to the pedestal, picking up Loki. The child gave a coo of approval, latching his tiny hands onto his dam.Laufey lifted the boy into the air, and Loki looked down in wonder. Yes, he was very high up..."Please," said Laufey, "we beg the Norns, we pray, please give Loki a path. Give him strength.""Please." The crowd ducked their heads to pray, focusing all their attentions on the princeling runt. Fárbauti glanced at his other son, and Helblindi was praying hard, his hands clasped together in his lap and his eyes screwed shut..Laufey King fell pregnant again, not long after, to the chagrin of many. This pregnancy was smoother, and a healthy child was born, by the name of Býleistr. Many had given complaint that, perhaps it should've been Laufey to sire the final child, as Laufey's womb had failed them before, had it not? But they were soon quelled and silenced in the first week of Býleistr's life, who was born large for Jötunn get and had a strength matching Helblindi's on his first days.All three children were born thoughtful and clever. Laufey and Fárbauti imported more and more texts from Álfheimr, Vanaheimr, and even Asgard, for the children quickly read through all the texts Jötunheimr had to offer (twice). Without instruction nor encouragement, the children compared and debated their knowledge.Fárbauti instructed his children in learning the ice magic that flowed under every Jötunn's skin. Helblindi and Býleistr were adept at the skill, forming much ice quickly, but it had little shape apart from 'sharp'. But Loki was truly the one to excel--within his first days harnessing the talent, Loki could shape fine, ornate daggers, swords, spears and shields. Such ability was usually only displayed by warriors who had well practiced the talent for centuries, and Loki did the feat in mere weeks.Fárbauti dug deep into the texts, and found a tall stack of books on magic for Loki. He helped Loki to follow the instructions he could not understand well, and the child excelled further. Fárbauti and Laufey watched in astonishment as Loki harnessed the seiðr they had no access to, he moved objects and created empty shadows of himself for their entertainment.On one quiet evening, L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Fárbauti/Laufey
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
(Mentioned/Unrequitted) Sif/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Arranged Marriage
Work In Progress
Jotun!Loki
Intersexuality
avenger!loki
Miscarriage
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Abortion
bratty loki
spoiled loki
Consent Issues
Dubious Consent
drugged consent
Rape/Non-con References
Non-Explicit Sex
Infidelity
Character Death
Eye Trauma

fandom: 
Fárbauti/Laufey
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
(Mentioned/Unrequitted) Sif/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

