Work Text:

The Ghost of Christmas Past:

“Six handlers in six months.”
Nick Fury didn't even look up from his report. “Mmmm,” he hummed, one cheek braced on his broad fist, his single dark eye narrowed in concentration. “Closer to five months, if you wanna be technical about it, but I'm guessing you don't, huh, Phil?”
Phil Coulson resisted the urge to fling the folders in his hand at his boss' head. It wouldn't end well, and Fury would just laugh at him. Then throw him in the brig. With a faint, sustained breath, Coulson set the files on the desk. “Six handlers in six months,” he repeated.
“Yeah, we've established that. Kind of a lousy track record, even for your pet project.”
“He's not my pet project,” Phil said, dropping into the guest chair when Nick waved a hand in its general direction. He rubbed his aching forehead with stiff fingers.
“I keep forgetting that. Maybe because every time one of his handlers bites the big one, your ass is down here, riding me about it.” Fury slapped the file shut and leaned back in his chair. “Do I look like HR, Coulson? Do I share any resemblance to Pat from General Assignments? 'Cause I'm not seeing it. For one thing, I couldn't pull off those fingernails.”
“Sir-”
Nick stabbed a finger in his direction. “Your boy has issues. Nothing that can't be worked around, but let's be flat honest here, Coulson, let's cut the bullshit. Your boy has issues.”
Phil gritted his teeth to stop from saying anything unfortunate. “He's not 'my boy,'” he said, his voice calm and reasonable. “He is an incredible asset.”
“That we haven't got a clue how to properly utilize,” Fury said, slashing the air with one hand. “And therein lies our problem, Phil. We've got an agent who's head and shoulders above most of our staff, fast and smart and skilled in a way that you don't get without some God-given talent. He can do things that I honestly did not think was possible with a bow and arrows, which is why I allow him to continue to carry a goddamn bow and arrows. I mean, really? I don't know when I lost control of this situation, but it's clear that I'm running a goddamn middle school here.”
Phil sighed. “He needs a handler.”
“So find him one.”
“I'm not from HR either,” Phil pointed out. “I can look through the available handlers, but that's all-”
Fury waved him off. “You do that, Phil. And when you find a handler with nerves of steel, a firm grasp on their temper, flexibility to rival a Circ de Soleil acrobat and a hell of a sense of humor, you let me know.”
“I'll start going through the personnel files when I get back from vacation,” Phil said, and he just might do that. Hell, at this point, he couldn't do any worse than what HR had already accomplished.
“Yeah, that's right, you're heading home for the holidays.” Fury's teeth flashed in a sharp-edged grin. “Good luck with that.”
“Thank you, sir.” Gathering his files, Phil headed for the door. Lost in thought, he was halfway back to his office before a familiar song, and a familiar voice, caught his attention.
Clint Barton was ambling up the hall, his gait loose and controlled, his weapon case over his shoulder. He was singing low and soft, the words barely audible, and it took Phil a moment to place the tune. In his defense, “Good King Wenceslas” was not exactly the most common Christmas song. Clint grinned at him as their paths crossed. “Hey, sir,” he said, flipping off a quick, two-finger salute. “What's the good word?”
“Paperwork,” Phil said, holding up the files, and Clint laughed. Phil couldn't quite keep the smile off of his face. “You have a mission?”
“Shipping out today.” Clint shifted his weight, his heavy boots braced wide on the floor. “You heading home for Christmas?”
“First time in six years,” Phil said. “My parents made it clear that if I don't show up, I'm out of the will.”
“Big loss in terms of inheritance?” Clint asked, his lips twitching. His eyes were warm and bright.
“Yeah, I'd miss not getting my fair share of Mom's collection of cat statues and my father's library of biographies of European heads of state.” Phil took a sip from his coffee cup. “I can't risk it.”
Laughing, Clint shifted his weapons case, adjusting his stance. “I gotta run. I'm due in the hanger in like, three minutes. Merry Christmas, Agent Coulson!” With a wave, he took off at a light jog down the hall.
Phil watched him go, his lithe grace enough to draw Phil's eye every time. He tried not to think about it, he tried not to let himself dwell on it, but now, in the empty hall, with no one around and no one to see, he let his eyes linger on the sleek lines of Clint Barton's shoulders, back and legs.
“Merry Christmas, Agent Barton,” he said, and he didn't raise his voice, he didn't call after the other man, but still, Clint's hand came up in a wave of acknowledgment before he disappeared down the hall.
Phil stood there, with his file folders in one hand and his cooling coffee in the other, long after the sound of Clint's feet on the carpet had faded. With a mental
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Backstory
History
SHIELD
Christmas Story

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

