Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
On his way to school, Peter passed by three police officers, clustered around a parked cruiser. He felt nauseous—his hands, buried in the deep pockets of his sweatshirt, began to sweat, and he instinctively curled his shoulders to appear smaller. Even though he was dressed in casual clothes, there was still that instinctive fear, learnt from the countless nights he’d been chased away by cops armed with guns and an arrest warrant.Peter couldn’t help but be afraid of police officers. Not after everything he’d been through.As he passed, Peter overheard snippets of their conversation. A brunette officer was leaning against the door of the car, frowning. “I don’t like it,” he was saying, shaking his head.The oldest cop frowned. “You don’t have to like it. You just have to accept it.”“I think it’s a good idea,” said the third. He was the youngest of the three. His face was still thick with baby fat, skin smooth and hair free; clearly inexperienced.The brunette scoffed. “You would. Trust me; those pencil pushers behind the desks don’t know what they’re talking about. They’re not out on the ground, seeing the damage those goddamn—”“Neither are you, if I recall,” said the oldest coolly. She raised an eyebrow. “You’ve been stuck with simple muggings and neighbourhood complaints, right? You haven’t seen what heroes have been doing.”“And you have?”The policewoman nodded. “Once, a while ago. You just need to be there, to personally see what good the superheroes are doing. Then you’ll understand. You’ll understand, you’ll know how—how important they are.”“Superheroes?” The brunette cop shook his head, huffing angrily. The youngest was looking between them, eyes wide, invested in their argument. “Like Spider-Man? Don’t make me laugh. They’re menaces, vigilantes at best—”“Watch it, buddy!”Peter hadn’t realised he’d slowed on the busy sidewalk, too busy eavesdropping on the off-duty cops, until a grumpy businessman bumped into him as he passed. He was suddenly aware of the officers turning their way, conscious of Peter hovering with his hoodie pulled down, back faced to them. He realised how suspicious he looked, and hurried toward school.
 
Bang!
Peter remembered the gunshots like it was yesterday. Sure, he’d been shot many times before, but there was something about this occasion that stayed with him. It spiked fear in his heart whenever he remembered, like a cold nightmare haunting his every move.It had been an ordinary day, fighting bad guys like he always did. When the cops had arrived though, mid-fight, Peter hadn’t been expecting their actions.His relationship and reputation with the police had been slowly falling, with the majority of them against him for a while now, but this was pretty normal, and he didn’t think much of it. He’d usually just deal with the criminals, before making a few smart, witty remarks, and swinging off before the cops knew what to do about it.From the minute they stepped out of their vehicles though, he knew something was wrong.All he could remember was the clear view of fully black armoured policemen rushing out of the cars low to the ground with large taser guns in their hands, pointing straight up at him.He’d barely had time to react from his position mid twist, spider-sense screaming in his head.The rest was a blur.Sparks of electricity, burning pain like none other, muscles spasming and unresponsive; they hit him like a tank. How he’d escaped was not something he could easily recall, all he could remember was lashing out in terror, swinging away shivering and aching all over, vision blurry and unfocused, then waking up the next morning sprawled out on his bedroom floor like he couldn’t make that extra inch to the bed.He hadn’t been aware of the arrest warrant that happened to have been placed on his head earlier that day. The police’s trust had broken from its final thread, completely snapping and leaving him a major threat to the city. And this time, they’d been prepared.The cold hate in those officer’s eyes is what haunted him day and night. That unrelenting disgust, like he wasn’t even a person, but a thing, a menace. A menace to be captured, locked up and thrown around like he wasn’t even human—Peter wasn’t sure it was something he would ever forget.Since then, their treatment of him had not been pleasant.That memory still brought Peter fear, affecting his every day crime fighting, making him uneasy and flighty, the feeling creeping down his spine.The nightmare that had woken him up this morning, legs twisted in sweat-drenched sheets, choking back a panicked scream, was of that day only months ago. Even when asleep, he couldn’t forget it.Peter tried to shake off the memories as he ran up the path to his school, lanky legs carrying him, brown spiky hair flopping all over the place. He raced into the corridors just before the bell rang, his small form unusually hunched over and jumpy. Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/New York
Spider-Man/NYPD

freeform: 
New York
New Yorkers
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
NYPD
Police
Panic
Fear
Friendship
Original Character(s)
Fluff
Comfort
Panic Attacks
Angst
News Media
New York City
Spider-Man Interacting with New Yorkers
TV News
Heroes
Vigilantism
POV Outsider
Police Brutality
Trust
Differing perceptions

fandom: 
Spider-Man/New York
Spider-Man/NYPD

