Chapter 1: Sharing Space
    




Chapter Text
Steve was no stranger to sharing space. He'd practically grown up in the Barnes household, for one thing; a two-bedroom apartment that'd just barely managed to hold five kids and their long-suffering single mom, not to mention Steve, though he'd been so tiny and sick back then he barely took up any space.Then there was his year-long stint in the hospital, and the constant ebb and flow of roommates, some of them there for the same experimental program that Steve was, and some for more typical concerns like broken arms and concussions and once, memorably, a lung infection brought on by swallowing a marshmallow down the wrong pipe. Then college, and the sardine-can dorms. The less said about Steve's disastrous tie-dye wearing bed-humping freshman year roommate, the better.Then, of course, the gym where Steve was now a personal trainer: the overcrowded group classes, the packed-full locker rooms, the queues for the weight machines...And, finally, his new house: five twenty-somethings (including Bucky, back from the army in even better shape than Steve himself), three cats, a pizza-obsessed dog, and only one bathroom. Yeah, Steve knew how to share. The same could not be said for Bucky. “Isn't the army all about teamwork?” Steve asked in despair. “What part of FOR THE TEAM do you not understand?”“I'm not on your team?” Bucky said, widening his big blue eyes sadly, an effect somewhat ruined by a chocolatey crumb still lingering on his lower lip. They were standing at the kitchen table in their new house, an empty glass pan between them. For as long as Steve had worked at The Team gym (going on five years), he and Sam had taken it in turns to bring Monday treats – and for as long as he and Sam had lived with Bucky (almost a month, now), Bucky'd eaten them before they even made it out of the house. Last week, he'd eaten the whole batch of Sam's Peanut Butter Protein cookies, and the week before that he'd hoovered an entire pan of Steve's vegan Tofu Lemon Bars. “Those brownies were made with coconut oil and black beans,” Steve said, trying to gross Bucky out retroactively, but Bucky just shrugged his good shoulder. “All your healthy shit always tastes fine to me.”“Look," said Steve, changing tack, "those brownies may be healthy, but that doesn't mean they're not full of calories."“When have I ever cared about calories?” Bucky said – and then, with a repentant sigh, “Look, I'm sorry. I really didn't see your note. I'll make you another pan, if you give me the recipe.”“Oh, forget it,” Steve said, resigned, staring down at the licked-clean dish. “Were they any good, at least?”“The best,” Bucky said earnestly. “Why do you think I couldn't leave any behind? I tried to stop, Stevie, I did – but you guys can really bake. Those brownies were like crack. I mean, have you ever had an MRE?”“Yeah, you made me eat a beef stew one a couple years ago,” Steve said, shuddering to remember.“So you see where I'm coming from.”“Fine,” Steve relented. “Next time, I'll double the recipe, okay? One for you, one for the gym.”Bucky beamed.:::It was funny – they hadn't been in close quarters for years, but living with Bucky in this house in Seattle felt just as comfortable and familiar as it had back in Brooklyn. Some things, of course, had changed. Steve was about eight inches taller and more than fifty pounds of muscle heavier, for starters, and Bucky was down an arm and jacked like a GI Joe doll, shoulders broader than Steve had ever seen them, chest like a brick wall. Physically and mentally, they'd both grown up. But their friendship had – against all odds – stayed the same: close, affectionate, teasing, and comforting. Home.Their other three roommates were Sam, Natasha, and Clint, a strange mix of people that was so far working out much better than Steve had expected. Sam was Steve's buddy and co-trainer from The Team; Natasha had served with Bucky; and Clint was an old friend of Natasha's. (In his words, upon meeting Bucky: “Hey! Good to meet you. I'm Natasha's Steve.)Only Clint was originally from Washington, and it was his house they'd all moved into, in a leafy neighborhood not far from downtown. Steve had a big pink-walled room with South-facing windows (perfect light for drawing) and Bucky was just down the hall – a fact that still felt like a gift, since he'd spent the five years of Bucky's deployment in a very mild state of constant panic. It was immeasurably reassuring to be able to check in on his best friend whenever he felt like it: to knock on the door in the morning and hear Bucky's sleep-grumpy voice; to text him all throughout the day; to leave plates of leftovers in the fridge for him when his night classes went long, or pack an extra bag of cookies into his backpack when he went off to his shitty tech-support day job.A secret Steve would never tell Bucky: when he'd spoken to him on the phone right after the IED explosion, when Bucky was still in the hospital and reeling from
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Weight Gain
chubby bucky
Belly Kink
Fat Shaming
but the kinky consensual kind
Personal Trainer Steve
Veterans
Slow Burn
Everyone is a good bro except for Steve who's a lil brat
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

