Chapter 1: Bucky returns
    




Chapter Text


 Tony Stark was not number one. His father had put Work on one, Reputation on two, Money on three, Friends on four. It went on like that for quite some time. Until finally Legacy at seventeen, and Tony at eighteen. His mother's list was simply Alcohol, Reputation, Parties. Tony wasn't even on it. Or maybe he made spot twelve, just below Clothing. Obi had put Tony rather high on the list. Mostly because he was his key to the company. The Company being number one on the list. Power two, and Money three. Tony actually ranked four. Jarvis ranked him pretty high as well. There, right below his own family and friends, stood Tony. And the kid was content with that spot. It was the highest he had ever ranked for anyone. Rhodey was odd. At times it seemed he had Tony at one. But he knew that couldn't be true. Tony was never at one. Work and Tech and Family probably outranked him. And as soon as Rhodes met a girl Tony would lower a spot. But that was alright. Pepper had Work on one. Tony being on time was two. And Tony took that as a victory. Because it meant he was kind of high in Pepper's list.  His own list was rather confusing. He always thought Pepper was one. But then he met Steve. Steve was still alive and perfect and... And Steve became Tony's number one. Steve. Perfect kind sweet caring handsome amazing Steve. Tony loved the Captain with all of his damaged heart. They had been together for a few months now, after having lived in the same tower for years. The soldier showed up in Tony's workshop one morning with questions about the tower's security. The next week with a request for his shield. Another few days later there were questions about Clint's arrows. Fast forward a few months and Steve was able to walk into the workshop whenever he wanted. To talk, or just to sit and sketch. The two got along really well, they became very good friends. It wasn't until Coulson pointed out that they had to register their relationship for SHIELD, that they realised they had been going on dates for quite some time. They kissed. And Tony smiled. Tony knew Steve's list. Sort of. He knew Bucky was on the first place. Peggy was probably second. Maybe, on a good day, if he was lucky, he would be on the third place. And the genius agreed. After all, Bucky was Steve's best friend and boyfriend, Peggy was his first crush. Tony was just... There. But it was alright, Peggy had married and gotten children. And Bucky died decennia ago. Tony would be fine. He would be fine.  (--o--)  Barnes was alive. The winter soldier. SHIELD fell while Tony struggled with Extremis. And everything was suppose to calm down after they defeated Ultron. Sadly, things were not looking good for Tony. But then again, when did they ever? Steve wanted to look for Bucky. And naturally Tony agreed, he offered all the help he could and enjoyed the very rare moments he had left with Steve. It would be over soon now. Bucky had come back to the tower, finally, and now Steve was spending every free second with him to help him heal. It hurt to watch them together. Tony loved Steve and understood why the blond loved Bucky. Barnes was amazing. He was charming and funny, handsome and a surprisingly good baker. So of course Tony fell for the other soldier as well.  Whenever Steve got called away, Tony awkwardly kept Bucky company. It became less awkward over time, when they talked about more than their common closeness to Steve. Tony tried to keep his distance... It didn't work. Now look at that, Tony loved both super soldiers, and they loved each other. They deserved to be happy together. To go on dates and cuddle close on movie nights and share food and... and be happy. Without having to worry about some clingy ex. They deserved each other. And Tony? Tony was fine.  (--o--) "Tony?" Said engineer looked up from his work, dark marks under his eyes betraying his fatigue, his brown eyes dull and glazed over. "Mmm?" "Tony... When was the last time you slept?" Blue eyes filled with worry took in Tony's appearance as a large hand rested gently on his shoulder. Steve frowned pained when his boyfriend flinched at the touch. "Tony?" He asked in a small voice. The exhausted genius could hit himself for responding so stupidly. Only... The last time Steve had dragged him from his workshop seemed like centuries ago. The last time Steve had even touched him must have been weeks ago. Their last date... Tony wouldn't even think of that. Anyway, you couldn't blame Tony for flinching. Not when everything seemed so bright and the world was spinning a little. "I'm fine Steve." Maybe he was slurring a little. He might have had a few drinks. And even he knew the combination of no sleep, alcohol, and caffeine was not healthy. "Tony... You're almost falling asleep right here. Come on, you need to sleep. I came down to talk... But that can wait." The supersoldier simply lifted Tony up, told Jarvis to save the man's work, and carried him towards t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Self-Hatred
Insecurity
Self-Sacrificing Tony Stark
Confusion
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Cover Art
Tony Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

