Work Text:
Market Duty was generally assigned to trusted junior agents, or, at the very least, procurement specialists, even if the goods at Market were a bit outside their particular focus. Phil had been sent a few times while climbing the ranks, but once he'd graduated to senior agent he'd been excused from that type of assignment and he'd never felt so relieved to have an aspect of his job taken out of the picture. Phil's family hadn't precisely been abolitionists, but they'd steered clear of owning Birds, and the ones SHIELD requisitioned always made Phil uncomfortable in a way few things could anymore. Unfortunately, due to a spate of disastrous purchases, Fury had instituted a temporary policy of Market Duty rotation amongst the senior agents. Phil had let his objections be known, but when they were ignored, and he was presented with the choice of either taking his rotation or leaving SHIELD, he acquiesced. He knew that to some extent, the Birds bought by SHIELD had it better than most others. SHIELD at least had policies regarding proper Bird treatment and required they be given food and rest. As a general rule, the Bird population was at the mercy of whoever had enough credit to buy one, and Birds weren't always expensive. Price was dependent on skills and condition.Phil made himself focus as the auction started. There had been a time when Birds—at that time simply called Detainees—had actually been criminals, to the last. Overpopulated jails and a lack of jobs had somehow worn away at people's resistance to what was slavery in all but name. But those "jailbirds" who went to the block widened to all sorts of persons as the economy failed and ever harsher taxes, laws and penalties were enacted. The "jail" aspect of penal sale fell away, and what was left was simply Birds.And Phil knew the law stripped Birds of human status, but he could never watch them, skin and bones and scars and faces, and see anything but himself, his friends, his family, but for the grace of fate and fortune.He made a purchase early on, a still-sturdy-looking Hispanic woman who was supposedly at her first auction, although nothing that came out of an auctioneer's mouth could be believed. He had to wait another few hours for something else of interest to come up, an older Chinese-American male who set off Coulson's radar as useful.Phil had closed his eyes and ears to misery the better part of the day when his final purchase stepped onto—well, was dragged then thrown onto—the "block." The selling structure was really more of a pillory, but one that locked the Bird's arms behind him, forcing him to display himself without recourse. It took four built, armed and clothed guards to get this one Bird into position. He was clearly underfed, favoring one leg over another, and bore unhealed whip marks in several places on his body. Nonetheless, he used his teeth, fists, whatever he had to fight, managing to subdue two of his captors for a time, but eventually losing.Once in the reverse-stock, he settled for a clearly enunciated, "Fuck all of you vultures," and an unambiguous expression of hatred emanating from every pore in his body.The bidding began immediately. And Phil could see, under the hatred, the defiance, that this man—who couldn't be more than twenty-five—knew exactly to whom he'd be sold. The buyers who were anxious for the fighters, it was well known that they broke Birds, and threw them out, sometimes literally. It wasn't unheard of for the bodies of Birds to just show up with the garbage on collection day.Fury was going to kill Phil. And yet, for all that, Phil just couldn't let this one go. There had been other fighters, other Birds he'd sat by and let go to their fate, and he would spend nights not sleeping over it, be haunted unto his death by the choice, but this one—he couldn't let this one go. He was too damn effective, even in his weakened state. He was too damn...alive.Phil raised his hand and then spent the next few minutes quietly, subtly, intimidating the shit out of the other bidders. When the gavel came down, Phil hadn't even outspent his allowance for the day.He stayed until the end of the auction, as ordered. Then he went to go collect his new Flock.

*
When Phil went to collect his purchases, Bird 214463-92 had been drugged with a paralytic.  He was awake, just incapable of moving.  The anger he was bleeding, along with the more-than slight panic he couldn't hide, made Phil's stomach clench.  He asked the handlers, "What's his name?"One of them, the one handling the transfer paperwork, shrugged.  "Papers didn't come with one."Phil took the papers and flipped through them.  According to his records, this was the Bird's fourth auction.  Phil said, "I want him sedated," partially because it would just be easier in the long run, but partially because it honestly had to be better than a paralytic, and he didn't think he could stand having those eyes on him for the entire ride back.He paid up, and went about gettin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint/OMC

freeform: 
Slavery
Abuse
Torture
Stockholm Syndrome
Ableism
Amputation
Medical Procedures
Medical Inaccuracies
Hurt/Comfort
Body Image
Rape/Non-con References

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint/OMC

