Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Charles is twelve, he skips out of sex ed class -- fifth period with Ms. Thomgrey -- to buy smoothies with Raven two blocks down the street from their school.  Raven has Mr. Loukart for the same class during fourth period.  Charles is already half-convinced to skip already; being a beta, he doesn't see the point in learning about the mechanics of sex.  He's never going to worry about fertility and plotting cycles and scenting them, and really, he could always just go to the library and pick up a book on the topic instead of wasting time. Raven convinces him by offering her veritable knowledge.  "If you have any questions, you can just look at my notes; you know the class material doesn't change that much between teachers and periods." Charles nods.  The state mandates all that information -- Information Equality Act at work. Charles never goes back to his health class after that, and the school doesn't send any truancy officers after him.  They're too busy trying to keep the alphas and omegas from humping each other in the hallways and preventing unwanted pregnancies to worry about the betas. He never regrets spending his afternoons goofing off with Raven.  A lot of what seals their lifelong friendship occurs in those stolen afternoons, sitting on floodwalls, kicking their sneakers off, and sipping Slurpies and Passionfruit Rage. He never does get around to reading all those books on the birds and the bees.  He puts it on his to-read list, but the books get pushed further and further down the list as he discovers his love of genetics.  He doesn't see it as a big loss. When Charles reaches twenty-six years of age, and is subsequently reclassified as an omega, he's forced to reconsider that stance.   At twenty-six years of age, Charles really isn't expecting this.  He has his whole life mapped out.  Having finished his MA, he'll spend two more years working in the lab, and then he'll apply for a PhD program.  Discovering he's an omega and having to play decades' worth of catch-up with his own body is not in the schedule.  Not at all. But Erik Lehnsherr doesn't seem to work on anyone's schedule but his own.  And honestly, Charles was pleasantly surprised to get asked out by him.  Charles doesn't get out much with the long hours he puts in, and honestly, who wouldn't want to spend some time ogling the man in those fine jeans?  And if Erik is one of those alphas who doesn't mind dating betas, who is he to deny good fortune? One date turns into a weekly dinner, then a weekly movie at Charles', and finally Erik stopping by to drop off Charles' lunch.  It's the latter that really should've tipped him off. The first time Erik does it, Moira comes into the break room looking rather pleased.  "You've got a visitor." Charles blinks up at her. "He brought you lunch it looks like."  She raises her eyebrows suggestively, but Charles is seduced by the allure of food. "Hello, Erik," he says.  He grunts, and passes Charles a plastic bag with what smells to be still-hot food.  Charles chirps his thanks, chats with Erik for a few minutes, and then Erik shoves him off to eat the food while it's still warm. The chicken falls off the bone, the skin is crispy, there's salad with two different kinds of dressing in a Dixie container, and even rice.  Charles saves the chocolate cake for last, and moans out his appreciation of the ganache filling and whipped cream icing. During his next break he texts Erik.  Where did you get the food?  It was excellent!
 
I made it.  And then a few minutes later, Did you like it? Yes!  Charles sends him a picture of him with the entirely empty containers of food.  He had Moira take it so he could post it to Facebook later. Although Charles, being as bright as he is as Raven later remarks, should've remembered how alpha-omega dating worked if not from their middle school classes, then from the Harlequin novels -- The Virgin Omega Bride, The War-Wounded Alpha, The Beta Deception -- Raven made Charles read to her at night.   They're at Erik's place, and Erik has caught on to Charles' terrible weakness for red wine, when Charles brings the topic up. "You know," Charles says from across the chessboard.  And he's a little tipsy, which is what he blames for saying,  "For an alpha, you've been pretty non-pushy about the whole physical aspects of our relationship." It is true though.  While Charles' a typical beta, with a low sex drive that's often satisfied by a monthly appointment with his hand, it isn't unheard of for a beta dating an alpha or omega to have sex to satisfy their partner.  Charles feels comfortable enough with Erik to make the attempt, and if the occasional flashes of heat he feels around Erik were any indication, it won't be a hardship. Erik moves his bishop.  "I don't want to push you into anything.  I can tell by your scent you're not receptive.  I can wait until you're ready." Charles stops, his hand hovering over the pieces.  "What?" "I know you're probab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Romantic Comedy
Alpha!Erik
Omega!Charles
Sex Education
Courtship
Surprises
Reveal
X-Men First Class Kink Meme
Brother-Sister Relationships

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

