Chapter 1: 2012
    




Chapter Text

2012 A

Steve’s known Tony Stark for a few months, and he’s still not sure how he feels about him.  As Iron Man, he’s competent.  Not exactly enthusiastic about the team dynamic, but he shows up, and he does the job.  
If he’s honest with himself, a big part of Steve’s ambivalence toward the younger Stark is just how hard it is to look at him without feeling sad.  Howard could be a pain, yes, but he was also a friend.  To Steve, it’s been less than 4 months since he flew into the icy water and left his friends behind.  Tony’s presence in his life is a constant, painful reminder of that.
Steve’s SHIELD mandated therapist assures him he’ll feel better eventually.  That he’ll ‘move on, in time’.  Steve kind of wants to be a smart ass and remind the guy he’s pretty sure ‘moving through time’ is the crux of his problem but he keeps his mouth shut.  Both to the shrink and to Stark.
It helps that Tony doesn’t seem any more comfortable spending time with Steve.  By unspoken agreement, they avoid each other except out of absolute necessity in the field or with a strained sense of awkward politeness at charity functions.
It’s at one of these charity functions that Steve first meets Tony’s most recent fella.  Steve’s been warned (yes, warned, because everyone expects that Steve will freak out) that Stark is bisexual.  Steve considers pointing out to Hill that this generation didn’t invent bisexuality, or sex, for that matter but she’s trying to be helpful so he plays along.  She looks relieved when he  promises not to choke on his straw if he sees his teammate bringing around a man on his arm.
The paparazzi outside the fundraiser end up exhausting Steve before he makes it inside, and once he’s in there, he spends another hour shaking hands with half the city.  By the time he gets his plate from the buffet and loads it up, he’s just looking for a quiet place to sit down and recover.  He’s pointed toward a VIP table by a helpful woman in a server’s uniform and he takes the seat labeled with his name.  It isn’t long before Tony and his guest take the seats across from him.
Tony’s boyfriend is called Sean and he’s a personal trainer to the rich and famous.  Sean is tall and blonde and muscular, and Steve doesn’t fail to notice they could be cousins, as far as looks go.  He hopes that’s where the similarities end because Sean’s an ass.  Steve can be an ass, he knows he can, but he’s a polite ass at least.  He manages himself fine in public, thank you.  His dead, sainted mother won’t be rolling in her grave over anything he talks about in the company of strangers.
In addition to being an ass, Sean is loud.  His tone is unpleasant and he’s rude to the waitstaff who stop by to refill the water and change out their dirty plates for clean ones.  
Steve finds himself wondering if the men are in the middle of some kind of lovers’ quarrel, because for the first thirty minutes Sean doesn’t say a single word to Tony.  Technically neither does Steve, but that’s because Tony won’t make eye contact with him.   (Or with anyone else for that matter.)  Not even with Barton, who has taken the seat to Steve’s left and whose company makes for a welcome relief from the rest of their dining companions.
The evening wears on and champagne is passed around like water, and it’s not even 9 PM and most of the table is drunk.  Tony’s finally talking, and it’s about hydraulics and pneumatics and how they relate to some race-car Tony’s built, and he’s excited.  Really excited, judging by the expressive way his hands move and the smile that finally reaches his eyes.  Tony’s discussing a type of science Steve understands and even though Steve’s not part of the conversation he’s fascinated.  He wishes he could see Tony like this more often: happy and unguarded.
“Does he ever shut up?” a woman interrupts.  
She’s asking Tony’s boyfriend, who sighs dramatically.
“When I give him something better to do with his mouth, he does,” Sean says.
Tony stops speaking as the occupants around the table (minus Steve and Clint) laugh.  Tony laughs, too, but when the laughter dies down, Tony fills his next glass to the brim with more champagne and drains it like a thirsty soldier with a canteen.  There’s no more science talk.  Instead Tony’s boyfriend takes over the conversation and launches into a story about a time he’d shut Tony up, this one involving a gag.  
It seems like the type of story that ought to remain private.  Especially when Sean points out that Tony was drunk at the time and a ‘total slut for it’.  For some reason, that’s what gets the biggest laugh.  
Tony’s looking down at his plate now, pushing his dessert around into a messy swirl of raspberry and chocolate.  He’s smiling, but by the tense set of his shoulders, Steve can tell Stark would rather be anywhere but there.
“I think that’s enough,” Steve says abruptly, interrupting Sean as he starts in again with some new lurid detail.
“Excuse me?” Sean asks.
“You heard 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
background Clint Barton/Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Hurt Tony
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Domestic Violence
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Sex Tapes
Milkshakes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Rhodey
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
This Thing Has a Happy Ending I Swear
giftfic
Tony Stark Defense Squad
A Surprising Amount of Fluff Considering the Other Tags

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
background Clint Barton/Bruce Banner

