Chapter 1: Out of Character
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
In less than fifteen minutes, thousands of visitors had already read his latest column and a slew of comments followed. Bucky Barnes took a sip of his latte, foam art recklessly smearing over his top lip. The top comment: “I gotta find this coffee shop you go to, honey!!” He smirked, hearing it very clearly in his head. The readership of Barista Boyfriend was so cute. He tapped in a response idly; nothing could compel his calm to rush it. The comment appeared under his very basic, perfectly anonymous pseudonym, next to an icon of a coffee mug.  James ☕  Leave your house, walk three blocks east. The first Starbucks you see. He has an opening shift. Go get ‘em.   Two hearts popped up instantly and he closed out the page, triumphant. Bucky didn’t know much at all about cultivating traffic these days, but he liked being liked. Who doesn’t? Without feedback, he was just pining to the void about a cute coffee shop employee, and why do that when people on the internet could relate? Actual Barista Boyfriend’s voice drifted over his shoulder, calling out orders to his team. Bucky could hear the smile in his voice over the Van Morrison of the coffee shop. It wasn’t a Starbucks at all (and he loved that it wasn’t a Starbucks.) Bucky loved everything about the place. He loved getting weird breakfast sandwiches named after authors. He loved the smooshy couches and mismatched furniture like an offbeat resale shop. He loved that the wifi password switched between “asecret” and “thereisntone” because the only thing the manager loved more than a good Who’s on First joke was pissed off hipster dads with no sense of humor. What more could you ask?  Every Monday morning he sat down in an avocado green love seat at The Birdhouse Cafe and Bakery and began a new Barista Boyfriend. The place was quiet right before the lunch rush but it was especially satisfying to watch BB in his element as customers streamed in, like front row tickets to the Nutcracker. The role of Barista Boyfriend was played unwittingly by Steven Rogers (some-time lovable asshole, most-time sunbeam, unabashed lover of The Eagles, candied ginger, and binge-watcher of The West Wing, not that Bucky hoarded these facts like a greedy dragon or anything,) and in Bucky’s eyes it was the performance of a lifetime; he just wrote what he saw. Little nuances caught his attention: the way the young man comically hung his head when his boss made a shitty pun, how he would genuinely think about a drink suggestion when customers asked what he liked best, how he called out business-types for being on their phones, and God forbid they cut in line or he would hang them out to dry. Painting the picture for Bucky's audience was so easy with a subject so vibrant. People loved this game, the If You Had to Choose game, falling in love on trains and in bookshops and in bars with strangers, imagining meet-cutes. He was capitalizing on a trend, he realized, but Barista Boyfriend sold himself: a single-serving romance novel starring You. For a living, Bucky read and edited the ugliest men’s interest editorials. Currently in his work inbox were two separate pieces on phone app hookups, as if that wasn’t already on the way out of the trend zone (God willing, he thought.) Surely Bucky was allowed a little sweet, harmless fun totally separate from the tits, ass, and grime one day a week. Reading these comments tomorrow morning around his first coffee break would keep him going as he had to slog through some insufferable baby’s whiny take on women not shaving their legs in the wintertime, or similar.But he didn’t have to think about that. That Monday morning, he had devoured not one, but two stupidly perfect pastries, and inspiration struck, as it always did.     

Barista Boyfriend has a secret. As you brush a light dusting of snow from your pea coat after an extra shift and late-night subway ride home, you recognize a heavenly smell from the kitchen and a sweet baritone absentmindedly humming along with Ella Fitzgerald. You try not to break the lovely scene with a single sound but your boots are heavy, and of course, he’s been waiting up for you.

“Oh, sweetheart,” he commiserates without having to hear a single detail; it’s been a long day and he reads you cover to cover faster than a Nancy Drew paperback. But vanilla and cinnamon overwhelm you and the chill in your cheeks is nothing to ruin the anticipation of whatever’s in the oven that might, dare to dream, be even sweeter than your suddenly domestic darling.     “Did you--- bake something?” you ask. He smirks.

“Who do you think bakes all the pastries at the shop, doll? I wouldn’t leave your side at 4 AM on a Monday for just anything, you know..."

 The blurbs began something like that, and always ended with some iteration of “doesn’t that sound nice?” which Bucky thought was brilliant, if he did say so himself, beca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Awesome Peggy Carter
Brock Rumlow is a dick
Abusive Relationships
Self-Hatred
Mutual Pining
Drinking & Talking
Barista Steve Rogers
Writer Bucky Barnes
Artist Steve Rogers
Language
Bucky Writes Self-Insert
who doesn't
Fluff
Angst
everything in moderation
hahaha just kidding
Baking
Texting
Dogs
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

