Work Text:
Prologue.Natasha bent low over the handlebars and swerved around a slow-moving taxi. Her earpiece beeped, and then Cap was saying, low and breathless, "I've got it, I’ve figured out what's—guys, it's the Tower. It's gonna be the Tower," which was ridiculous; that was the one target they'd eliminated after SHIELD called a Code Red for New York.There was a crackle and then Clint said, "But Stark said that JARVIS is—" and Cap interrupted, "—monitoring every square inch of the building, sure, but they're sitting on top of the goddamned train station. The north wall of the Tower—" There was a crackle of static and then Cap's voice came back again, "—the main arch, and then there are tracks down the building's whole east side. All you'd have to do is send—"More static, but Natasha thought she knew how that ended: —a trainload of explosives. All you'd have to do is send a trainload of explosives down the tracks and detonate them next to Stark Tower's poured concrete foundations."I'll call it in," Clint said, "and meet you there," but Cap said, "Negative, negative; I'm going to check out the Harlem River train yards," and Natasha said, "Roger that; we're right behind you," and kicked speed into her bike.She raced up the FDR drive, weaving wildly between cars, but still, he beat her there: she found his abandoned Harley outside the train yard's chain link fence and pulled up beside it. Her radio crackled just as she yanked off her helmet.“When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable…” Cap muttered in her ear.“I understood that reference,” Natasha said. “You found it?”“Yeah,” he said, and a moment later the soft beeping began; Cap had turned on his tracker so she could find him.The fence rattled as she climbed it, then she locked her fingers around the wire and flipped herself over the spiked top, dropping onto the roof of a train car with a muffled thud. She crouched down and peered around to get the lay of the land. The rail yard seemed endless, trains as far as the eye could see and an enormous Y of converging track. She ran across the roofs, scanning for him. If she hadn't had the tracker on, she wouldn't have expected him to appear when he did; Barnes was one of the few men who could sneak up on her. He stepped out of the shadows and said, softly, "Here; come look at this," and she followed him carefully across the tops of two train cars.He'd opened a trap door in the roof of a third; now he shone a flashlight down into it. Natasha squatted and peered down; the car was packed with explosive. The entire train was a bomb. Her heart slammed in her chest.She looked across at the sea of trains and asked, "Are there more?""I don’t know," Cap replied grimly. "But I think we ought to check all the—" and it was Natasha who spotted the guy, barely visible in black stealth gear against the black ground. He was running away, through the maze of trains, and she'd instinctively drawn her guns before stopping and turning, pleadingly, to Cap—who was already on it, shield flying through the air. It hit the guy and he went down—and suddenly there were more soldiers, dozens, rushing at them, though they weren't pulling their guns—well, of course not. They were standing on a trainload of explosives.Natasha grinned savagely as she cracked her knuckles and drew her batons; even at 60 to 2 she liked their odds, and besides Clint would be here soon. They leapt into the fray, fists and feet flying, Cap's shield a gratifying blur of red, white and blue. Her earpiece buzzed—"Not now," she gritted out. "Call the bomb squad!"—and then she flung out her arms and shocked two attackers into unconsciousness. They crumpled to the ground, and she flung herself up and over them, palms braced against their sinking shoulders like pommel horses, and kept fighting."Stop!" a voice called, and Natasha did stop, then, throwing her attacker's body onto the ground, and saw a tall figure in a white lab coat pushing a short line of people toward them. They were wearing dark blue uniforms and stumbling together like a chain of paper dolls; handcuffed, she realized; the train crew, she realized. The first man in the chain was wearing a blue cap and what she took at first for a yellow safety vest. But it was glowing, pulsating in sickening flashes; it was some kind of explosive, she realized; alien; it was the trigger for the whole thing.The tall man in the lab coat was too tall—enhanced, or maybe alien—and wearing protuberant green goggles. He gave the train crew a final shove—causing one of them to stumble and nearly taking the whole line of them down—and then raised his arms and shouted, "I shall grind you down beneath the wheels of—"Cap's shield smashed into him and sent him flying."Hitler speech," Cap explained, almost apologetically, and then they were moving, because the pulses were still pulsing: speeding up. Natasha urged the man in the bomb vest and the man next to him down onto the ground so that Cap could s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
black helicopters
Terrorism
Bucky!Cap
modern men
a thing like that doesn't sit in a drawer

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

