Chapter 1: Patterns of concern
    


Notes:
Here we go, my first ever series! Continuing on in the Grievance 'verse, this takes place a few months after the events of that story. It won't be terribly long (she says naively), but I hope you'll enjoy it just the same.




Chapter Text
It was hard for Loki to trust, right now, but he wanted to. He wanted to believe Tyr when he promised that things would be better from this moment forth. Wanted to trust his mother when she said that she had seen glimpses of the future, and that it was bright. Wanted  to believe his teachers, who told him that he was skilled and more than that, that he was worthy of the additional instruction and attention that they wanted to give him.He wanted to believe that, but it was difficult to allow himself to do so. Loki had trusted in the past, after all—trusted the people who should have been by his side without fail, the people in whom he ought to have had complete faith—and those people had broken that trust. Sometimes they'd broken it accidentally, through thoughtlessness. Sometimes it had been through inaction, standing aside and watching when he'd desperately needed an ally to step forward and aid him.At least once, that trust had been broken deliberately, maliciously, and with vindictive glee.Tyr… if Loki were honest with himself, he truly couldn't say that he believed Tyr to be that malicious. The general didn't raise his voice with Loki, and had never raised a hand except to pat him on the back, or to reach out and offer reassurance. Loki cherished those moments, those little touches. Tyr had a reputation throughout Asgard of being level-headed and patient, both on and off the battlefield; everyone knew that he spoke the truth and kept his promises.From everything Loki had seen since moving into Tyr's home, that reputation did not change behind closed doors.And yet.Loki was fairly certain that if Tyr ever found out what his new son were up to, the old soldier would be furious.

It was hard for Loki to trust, right now, but Tyr could understand that. He'd been through too much, seen too much upheaval, and was in a strange place with new people and new rules to learn. From the perspective of an abused adolescent, there was an entire new, unspoken code to discover, and a hope that he could survive until he learned how things were supposed to work in his new home.
Still, he seemed to be settling in well enough. He was quiet but not fearful when they sat down to private meals together; he seemed to enjoy the conversations they had over tafl, every few evenings. His instructors spoke well of him; there were gaps in some of his lessons, but nothing insurmountable, and he made up for the losses quickly. The boy had even made a friend after a couple of weeks, a lad named Fandral, the son of a baker whom Tyr knew by reputation.Loki positively glowed if given a little praise, and if he seemed perhaps too eager to please, well, time would cure that soon enough. He was an adolescent, no matter what he had endured so far in his life; if the boy didn't enter a rebellious phase sooner or later, then Tyr would begin to grow concerned, but for now, all was mostly well.Perhaps the only dark spot on Loki's record was a habit Tyr had begun to notice after about the third month they had lived together. The first time the boy had vanished, he'd returned saying that he had wished to explore Vingólf-town and that he hadn't wanted to disturb Tyr to ask permission. He had at least told Hoenir where he was going, so that was fine.But a month later, he'd gone again. And the third month, once more. There was a pattern emerging, here, and the pieces did not quite fit. Loki always left when the nebula was brightest in the sky. Always vanished for several hours at a time. Always presented himself for dinner wearing a fresh outfit different from what he'd worn upon leaving.Always had a different answer when Tyr asked what he'd been up to that day… and always betrayed some hint of tension or nervousness, no matter how subtle the tell. If Tyr didn't have millennia of experience dealing with young men of Loki's age range, he might have missed the slightly faster blinking, the tight set of his shoulders, or the way he would flick the fingertips of his right hand in sequence, over and over again while he spoke.Whatever he was up to, Tyr had heard no reports of harm coming to anyone surrounding him. He would let it go for the time being, but he could afford to be patient. He would watch, and wait, and see what developed.

"How were your lessons today?" Tyr asked over dinner one evening.
"They went well enough, sir," was Loki's reply. "Master Egil's monotone manner of speaking has not improved, but no one fell asleep today.""Heh." The general cut another slice of roast and lifted it onto his plate. "You do not find the topic itself boring, from what you've told me.""No, sir; I think that Master Egil believes the culture and habits of Alfheim to be… titillating? And s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tyr (Marvel)

freeform: 
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Gets a Hug
Horses
Baby Horses are Cute
behold the feels
Feels
all the feels
I'm Sorry

fandom: 
Loki & Tyr (Marvel)

