Work Text:
It starts innocently enough.Steve knows that while the arm is balanced into Bucky’s skeleton with adamantium and vibranium fusing, it still sometimes aggravates the muscles of his back. Not badly and never to the level of pain he had been used to with Hydra, but enough to make him shift and stretch on the couch. Adjusting his position every ten minutes or so.“Your shoulder bothering you again?”Bucky shrugs.“Come on, let me.”Steve throws a few cushions on the floor between his feet and Bucky gives him a dubious look. He pats the cushions and wiggles his fingers.“Come on buddy, I promise magic super soldier fingers.”Bucky barks out a laugh shaking his head but settles to sit between Steve’s spread out legs none the less.Bucky’s still not comfortable being touched, Steve knows. He is happy with handshakes or sparring, combat contact, but anything beyond gets him shifting and trying to gracefully move away. Except with Steve, Steve can throw his arm around Bucky’s shoulder and not be pushed away, or find Bucky shifting next to him on the couch until their thighs are touching and stay there until the end of a movie.He wonders sometimes if Bucky misses touching people, if that is why is he sometimes so keen to sit so close by in the evenings in their flat, with noises of modern day Brooklyn drifting in from the window.Slowly, Steve places his palms over Bucky’s shoulders, just letting the warmth spread into the tense muscles. One of the benefits of his body now running hot. He starts with the trapezius, placing his thumbs where the muscles connect to the back of Bucky’s head. He rubs over the hairline, some strands escaping the messy bun Bucky had pulled his hair into.“Let me know if I’m going too hard on you.”Bucky just grunts in response.The muscles are stiff at first, and Bucky’s posture remains rigid, back straight and eyes still staring straight ahead at the flickering screen.Steve works his thumbs down the back of Bucky’s neck to the top of the spine, moving to massage the long line of the trapezius over the shoulder. The cotton of Bucky’s t-shirt gives him a decent hold on the kinks and sore spots.Slowly, over the duration of the movie, Bucky’s head starts to loll, his arms sagging over Steve’s bare feet one metal and one flesh. When the credits roll Steve taps Bucky gently on the shoulder.“Alright, buddy, all done.”It only makes Bucky slump backward, head coming to rest on Steve’s sweat-pant clad thigh. His eyes are closed, mouth relaxed and blissed out.Steve doesn’t want to force him to move, it’s so rare to see him relaxed, at ease and resting. Steve lets the next program load on their Netflix queue and leans back, fingers gentle in Bucky’s hair, combing it back from his forehead. Bucky huffs contently and rubs his cheek against Steve’s fabric clad leg and stills into sleep.It repeats every few weeks or so. Bucky shifting, Steve throwing cushions on the floor. Bucky falling asleep in some undignified heap on the floor, his head in Steve’s lap.Steve knows that what they do is pushing the borders of friendship, of how men should be with each other, but Bucky has so few opportunities for gentle human contact that he would hate to not be able to offer this for his friend. He tells himself that it doesn’t matter how much he enjoys the feel of Bucky’s heavy body against his own, likes seeing the blissed out relaxation on his face and knowing that Steve was the one to put it there. He tells himself that this is something that he is doing for Bucky’s sake. And he nearly believes it.After a particularly brutal fight in Alaska Bucky doesn’t even wait for the movie to properly start.“Could you… Could you do it to where the arm joins?”He is not looking at Steve, facing again stiffly to the screen. He seems almost embarrassed to be asking, maybe fearing that Steve would turn him down. It’s the first time he has asked outright, before it has always been Steve offering, throwing pillows on the floor in invitation.Steve feels warmth spreading in his chest, in his belly at the show of trust, that Bucky feels like he can ask something for himself. Something that he enjoys.“Sure thing, Buck. You want to take your shirt off so that I can see what I’m doing? I want to make sure that I don’t hurt you.”Bucky pulls off his sweater and t-shirt. Settling into his usual seat.Steve eyes the scar tissue that surrounds where the metal fuses with flesh. It’s a bit beyond his knowledge, but Bucky wouldn't let anyone else this close to his back, and Steve assumes that the muscles around the socket haven’t been augmented too much.Looking closer the skin looks rough and dry, irritated. Steve runs the pads of his fingers over the seam of the socket and Bucky shivers. Steve lays a warm palm over the skin, feeling the cool metal and heated skin.“Hold on a sec.”Steve dashes to the bathroom, trying to give Bucky a reassuring smile as he goes. He picks up a lotion bottle from the under-the-sink cabinet and returns to his place on the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Massage
Internalized Homophobia
If You Squint - Freeform
Touching
Touch-Starved
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Silly Boys
Pining
Fluff and Smut
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

