Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

September 27, 1974—Melinda is 5 and 38
Melinda May likes this house best. At age five, she’s already lived in three houses in three states, one of the perks (pains) of having a military parent. Her father’s re-stationing had come at a good time—she was able to settle into her new home well before it was time for her to start kindergarten that fall. The three of them have only been in this house for four months, which should be long enough for the season to change at least once, but this is Florida, and around here, summer feels endless.Melinda mostly likes this house because of the backyard. Their last home, the only other one she remembers, was a condo, so the concept of a private area to play outdoors was new to her when they moved into this house. In the past, there had been a nearby common area with a playground and picnic tables, but with a fenced-in yard, she can play by herself without her parents’ supervision, and it’s a space big enough for her to turn five cartwheels before she hits the back fence. Best of all, though, is the tree-house in the tree in the corner, built by some past residents and left for future adventurers. Her mother and father have strictly forbidden her from climbing up without one of them standing below her to catch her if she falls. But today is Saturday, her mother is at the store, her father when is napping, and Melinda wants up.She wants to test out her parachute.It’s not that high, she thinks as she stands at the bottom of the trail of nailed-in rungs leading up the trunk of the tree. But it should be high enough to find out if this works.She examines at her parachute, a concoction of a bedsheet and shoestrings and one of her father’s belts that she has strapped around herself and stuffed into her backpack for the climb. It looks like the one she studied from her Howling Commandos comic. Should work the same.
It only didn’t work while jumping off your bed earlier because it wasn’t high enough. This height should do the trick.
She takes a deep breath, looks up again, and starts to climb."Mei Qiaolian."The sound of her Chinese name in her mother's voice makes her freeze instantly, one foot still on the ground. She steps down quickly and turns slowly toward the back door, where she's expecting to see her mother standing with a scowl, having caught her in the act.But the door is closed and there's no one there.“Mama?” Melinda calls, confused, looking around the empty backyard and taking a step away from the tree.“Mellie.”She hears another one of her names, this time coming from behind her. She turns and sees a hand waving from behind the wide tree trunk, low to the ground. Her mother’s voice is quieter now but more insistent.“Mellie, come here.”Extremely confused, Melinda takes a few steps forward, wondering just how her mother hid back there without her noticing.But it’s not her mother, she realizes immediately as she rounds the trunk. It is a woman, a stranger, someone with long, black hair sitting on the ground with her legs tucked up against her chest.And she’s not wearing any clothes.“Hi, Mellie,” the woman says with a worried smile. She switches languages and begins speaking Chinese. “Don’t worry. I know I surprised you, but I came here because I need your help.”Melinda is frozen, staring at the woman who looks and sounds like her mother but is older and her hair’s too long...“Who are you?” she asks, her hands tightening around her backpack straps. “And why are you in our backyard?”The woman seems unsurprised by the question. “I’ll tell you, but I need you to do something for me first. You see, I lost my clothes,” she looks down at herself with an embarrassed shrug, “so can I borrow your parachute to cover myself with?”Even more surprised that she knows what’s in her backpack, Melinda slowly slides the straps off her shoulders.
Mama said not to take things from strangers…but she never said you couldn’t give them things.
She slowly holds the backpack out to the woman, who unzips it immediately and shakes out the parachute before wrapping it around herself like a blanket.“Thank you, Meimei, this is very helpful,” she says as she settles back against the tree trunk. “I can tell you’ve worked hard on this, so thank you for letting me use it.”“Who are you?” Melinda repeats, and the woman meets her eyes. She looks a little uncomfortable as she answers slowly.“I’m a member of your family. You can call me Jiejie.”
Big sister. Maybe a cousin you’ve never met before?
But this doesn’t seem quite right.“Why are you back here? Does Mama know you’re here?”“No she doesn’t actually, so please don’t tell her that I was here,” the woman says quickly, glancing towards the house. “I came here a special way just to see you, Meimei.”“Why are you here to see me?” Melinda asks slowly, taking a half-step back.The woman looks up at the tree-house. “I think I’m here to try to stop you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson & Melinda May
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Jemma Simmons
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Fitzskimmons brotp
Bobbi Morse & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Lincoln Campbell & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Melinda May's Mother

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - The Time Traveler's Wife
Time Travel
Not exactly canon-divergent
Season 1-3 spoilers
Angst
oh god so much angst
Slow Build
Semi-Canon Compliant
Kid Skye | Daisy Johnson
if you go to the flashback chapters
Canon-Typical Violence
Hell of a slow burn followed by established relationship
There is fluff...but they have to earn it
Anything rated M is tagged at chapter start
Referenced canon Meldrew
Referenced canon Staticquake
Referenced canon Skye+Ward moments
just trust me
But this is still one hundred percent a MaySkye story
Some content and triggers tagged in relevant chapters

fandom: 
Phil Coulson & Melinda May
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Jemma Simmons
Leo Fitz & Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Fitzskimmons brotp
Bobbi Morse & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Lincoln Campbell & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Melinda May's Mother

