Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There was a very good reason why Loki was the number one most wanted criminal on S.H.I.E.L.D's list despite most people having never heard his name in that context before. See, Loki Laufeyson was relatively new to America; he'd only been there a year and a half, but despite his relatively low body count and how few people were known to work for him, Loki was smart. He was also by far more dangerous, ruthless and batshit crazy than anyone else. In the time since he'd landed on U.S soil he'd either destroyed, taken over or outright killed any other criminal organization he was faced with and all without leaving any substantial evidence behind to tie him to the events.The closest S.H.I.E.L.D had ever come had involved Steve Rogers - Captain of one of the two most successful S.H.I.E.L.D teams - and his second-in-command Natasha Romanoff interrogating the man for an hour but gaining little from the endeavour but an urge to punch the smirking foreigner in the mouth; something that their third member, Clint Barton, had gotten a suspension for actually doing. Nothing further came of it, however, as Loki, with a pleasant smile – while still bleeding slightly from the strike - wouldn't press any charges. It had been a constant, if fluctuating battle with Loki ever since; one they were no closer to succeeding in.Or rather, not they, but he, because despite all the glory going to the Golden Boy in charge of locking the handcuffs on whoever was captured, the true talent lied in one person’s hands, Tony's hands. Not that Tony was arrogant, okay; it was just that if it wasn't for the breakthroughs in his lab they'd still be scratching their heads. After all, who’d spent hours figuring out the calibre of bullet needed to put Justin Hammer away? Who painstakingly went through more charred corpses than he could count in order to put the Mandarin behind bars? Who learnt a whole new coded language in order to crack the Chitauri's hidden messages and hack into their software? Tony Fuckin' Stark, that's who. The underpaid, underappreciated genius who did the forensics for those assholes. He got no respect, only his Forensic Bro - and S.H.I.E.L.D's Head Coroner - Bruce truly understood his pain.Maybe it was time to put another ‘anonymous’ complaint into the complaint box? The idea made Tony sigh loudly as he stared at the ceiling. It probably wasn’t worth Fury’s yelling. Maybe. He was lost in thought - picturing the throbbing vein on Fury’s forehead with some relish - but not so far gone that he didn't hear the door to the lab slide open. There was a small scuffing of a shoe to indicate a pause from the person. "What are you doing?"Spreading out his arms, Tony made the action of a snow angel. "Thought you were an Investigator, Barnes?"Barnes was one of his favourites; he was Peggy Carter's second in command, and with Sam Wilson they made up the second best S.H.I.E.L.D team. Tony might or might not rush anything Barnes gave him simply because the first words (see: bribe) out of Barnes’ mouth when they'd met had been; "Get me an answer for this in twenty-four hours and you'll never be without coffee for the next forty-eight." Honestly, he was surprised none of the other Investigators had developed such a smart incentive system when it came to him."Being an Investigator isn't going to explain why you're lying on your worktable." Barnes moved like air when he wanted to but Tony was getting better at not flinching. He peered down at Tony. "Don't you have something to do?"Tony scrunched up his face. "We need a better class of criminal; everyone's so boring lately." Barnes pinched his arm, making him start. "Fucking hell," he yelped."If Laufeyson shows up again, we know who to blame. God damn jinx."Tony screwed up his face at the words but there was a gleam in his eye too, one that he'd long since given up trying to hide - at least around Bruce and Barnes. "If Loki shows up again, I might actually get a challenge."He was one of the few people who could almost say he looked forward to Loki’s return. Everyone in S.H.I.E.L.D hated the man; mostly because he'd almost succeeded in murdering Phil Coulson. Tony didn’t have a lot of self-preservation but he had enough not to say ‘Loki’s too smart to leave someone alive that he wants dead’ - he would rather not get shanked in his own lab, thank you very much.Now, don’t get him wrong, Tony wasn't denying that Loki was insane, sadistic and not someone he'd ever want to meet in a bright, heavily armed and guarded room let alone a dark alley; but he was still fascinating, and not only that, he was hard to outsmart. Tony got shivers every time something came in that was Loki's handiwork - and Tony always knew. The execution was always beautiful; from something as simple as fraud to the more elaborate assassinations; everything was so intricately tied together and utterly breathtaking that each time he finally revealed the truth Tony could only stop, stare and admire. Becaus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Minor Character Death
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki Gets a Hug
BAMF Loki
BAMF Tony
Protective Bucky Barnes
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe
Pre-Slash
Feels
courting
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Friends
Friends to Lovers
Friendship
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Crimes & Criminals
Criminal!Loki
Forensics
Forensic Scientist!Tony
Wordcount: 100.000-150.000
Complete
Kidnapping
Hurt Tony
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Has Issues
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Loki Feels
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Has Issues
Loki Angst
Tony Feels
Obsessive Behavior
Jealousy
Snark
Gift Giving
Possibly Unrequited Love
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Flirting
Pining
Minor Violence
Rescue
Dinner
Dinner dates
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Touching
Sweet
Falling In Love
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unresolved Romantic Tension
Unresolved Tension
Crushes
Domesticity
Forced domesticity
Worry
Male Friendship
Desire
Attraction
One-Sided Attraction
Forbidden Love
Hugs
Everyone Needs A Hug
Cuddling & Snuggling
Difficult Decisions
Sharing a Bed
Hand Jobs
Love Confessions
Hopeful Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Sad with a Happy Ending
Kissing
Hugging
Requited Love
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Unrequited Love
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Angst and Feels
Declarations Of Love
Emotional Hurt
emotional angst

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

