Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter knows it's an avoidance technique. Yes he really cares about the city, no that isn't the reason he's currently swinging through downtown New York at three in the afternoon. He just didn't want to hear the name Penny from anyone else today. Spiderwoman is annoying enough, thanks. He finds himself sitting on top of the Bugle and glaring at the world below. "How's my favorite hero doing?" Deadpool asks, startling Peter out of his moping, and very nearly off the roof. "Don't sneak up on me like that." Peter grumbles, crossing his arms and glaring at the mercenary through his mask. "It's rude."   "Not good then. What's got you down baby girl?" Wade asks, stopping his bouncing to crouch near Peter. He seems seriously concerned about Peter, and Peter finds himself blurting the truth.I'm not a girl." Peter blurts, shocking himself more than anything else.  Wade just nods as if that explains everything. "Okay, my bad baby boy. I'm sorry. Anything else bothering you or was it just the misgendering?" Wade asks, deathly serious, and Peter finds himself near tears at how easily the mercenary accepts him. He knows what the press would say, and yet this man doesn't care. "Oh no baby boy don't cry." Wade exclaims, wrapping himself around Peter like a particularly clingy octopus. "Get off me." Peter grumbles, shoving at Wade's arms in an effort to get free. "Wait!" Deadpool practically yells, jumping off of him and onto the ledge of the roof."What?" Peter asks. Deadpool walks along the roofs edge as he talks arms out in a ridiculously dangerous balancing act. "Well I was just wondering if you are a boy, I mean you could be genderqueer in some way. Are you nonbinary? What are your preferred pronouns?" Wade asks, and Peter blushes under his mask. "Preferred super hero name? Preferred actual name?" Spidey ducks his head a little. "He, him, is good Deadpool, thank you. Would you, can you call me Spiderman?" He asks nervously. Wade nods."Of course Spiderman sir!" He shouts offering Peter a salute. Peter laughs, and finds he feels lighter than he has in a long time. "But really Spiderman is perfect, and it means I can still call you Spidey." Wade says, grinning at the hero. "Spiderman, my hero." He says in a falsetto, slumping backwards off the roofs edge jokingly. Peter has his web out to stop the mercenary's fall before he's done speaking.
"Christ don't do that." He sighs, yanking Deadpool close. The mercenary seems to sniff him. "I would have been fine even if you hadn't caught me." Deadpool explains, shrugging. "Healing factor off the wazow." He says wiggling his fingers. "What is wazow- nevermind. You still would have been hurt, and I didn't even tell you my preferred actual name yet." Spiderman says, shoving Wade's face away from his neck."Oh, you don't have to do that." Deadpool says, ducking his head slightly. "I understand secret identities are meant to be secret. I know I asked, but really it's fine." Spidey just pulls him back in and hugs him tight."Call me Peter, k?" Spidey, no Peter asks, breath hot near Wade's ear. "Call me boyfriend." Wade responds, earning a snorting laugh from Peter. Wade is beaming under his mask proud to have made the hero happy. "You're such a dork." Peter says, but the joking tone leaves his voice. The superhero turns serious. "Thank you for accepting me Deadpool, but I need you to keep misgendering me around the avengers." Peter states, trying to get the conversation back on topic. "Are earth's mightiest heroes transphobic? I'll fight them. Even the golden haired one, and he's pretty." Deadpool says, voice filled with a dangerous coldness. Peter feels comforted by the thought that someone would fight the avengers, not for him, but for trans rights. "No it's not that, although that's really sweet of you. I'm just not ready to come out to them." Peter's voice shakes at the though of his dad's finding out, at the thought of disappointing them. He knows they're supportive of trans rights, but sometimes it's different when it's your kid. Parents are scary, okay? "Baby boy, I'll try. Even if I slip up they'll probably blame it on me being crazy." He shrugs, and Peter finds himself dissapointed in his family. "So, about the boyfriend thing?" Wade needles, poking at his side. 
"Buy me flowers first." Peter teases, doing a backflip off the roof giddy like a kid on a sugar high. "Well you know how it is, purse snatchers to catch." "Bye boyfriend!" Wade yells after him. "I am Spider-Man." He sings to himself as he swings. "Shooting webs out of my hand." He giggles, taking a sharp right when his Spidey senses tingle. Wade laughs aloud, staring dreamily after him. 
"Appropriating Daddy Stark's song for himself, you gotta love my baby boy don't you." He says, watching the boy swing away. "Hate to see you go, love to watch you leave Spidey.
..."Spidey! Yoo Hoo!" Deadpool calls from the roof beside him. Peter laughs, swinging himself up next to the mercenary. "Spiderman inco
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Trans Peter Parker
FTM Peter Parker
Fluff
Angst
Coming Out
Spideypool - Freeform
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Aunt Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

