Work Text:
“Shit.”Steve sits up quickly in his bed, the dull ache between his legs increasing already. His scent -- like the winds rolling through woods at the edge of a mountain -- is filling the room. There’s a wet spot beneath him and Steve huffs as he squirms uncomfortably against his own moisture. He’s early. A heat wasn’t due for another week at least. Steve grabs the pill dispenser off his nightstand. Mixed in with his vitamins and meds are his hormone pills meant to regulate his heats. Four times a year. So much better than once a month. But they need to be taken properly and Steve’s missed several doses.“Shit,” he mutters again.It’s the move. Last minute and hurried. Tossing everything he owned into crates and boxes and moving across town because his landlord, Phil, lost the lease on the whole building. The guy who bought it up, some asshole named Johann who immediately asked for everyone’s papers. Not a common practice anymore, but not unheard of. Alphas, betas, and omegas. He’d have each living in his building all on record. As an omega, Steve wasn’t sticking around to find out why he wanted the papers. So he packed up and carted everything to his best friend’s place. Luckily, Bucky’s roommate, Clint, had recently moved in with his bondmate, Laura, so Bucky had a spare room. “Even if I didn’t,” Bucky had said over the phone when Steve called him about the whole thing. He’d been eating something and speaking with his mouth full. “S’not like I’d not make room for ya. Couch is pretty comfy.”He’s wasn’t lying. The couch is pretty comfy. Steve knows cause he’s spent countless nights on it after evenings out. But Steve didn’t want to live on Bucky’s couch so it was his luck that Clint moved. Even without that luck, Bucky’s place is probably where Steve would’ve ended up anyway. Bucky’s been his best friend since they were a couple of pups dog piling on the playground. Of course, Bucky always pulled Steve away from scruffs that he had no business being in.“When’re ya gonna learn to back down?” Bucky would ask as he patched Steve up before his mama get home. Gentle and tender. Always. “You know they ain’t gonna go easy on ya just cause you’re an omega.”What he meant was: You know there’re assholes out there that’ll be even worse to ya cause you’re an aggressive omega. Steve learned at an early age that the world didn’t always treat omegas the way his mama said they should be treated. Being smaller than even the average omega always made Steve an even bigger target. Especially since he never kept his mouth shut when he saw someone doing something he didn’t think was right. Whether it was pushing someone weaker around or trying to cheat someone, Steve would speak up. “Let ‘em,” Steve would mumble. And hiss as Bucky applied antiseptic or ointment or a bandage to whatever scrape or cut he was working with. “It feels wrong to run away.”Bucky would sigh and call him a punk and smile at him anyway. Bucky’s always stood by Steve’s side. Always looked out for him, and never in a way that made Steve feel weak or worthless. He still pushed him around and teased him into doing reckless shit and they were both always getting them in all sorts of trouble. Eyes would always pass over them. Steve could feel them, and he was sure Bucky could, too, even though he claimed he didn’t. The judgement was always so clear. What was such a prime Alpha always doing with such an undesirable omega. Just a nice way of calling him a runt. Still, runt or not, Bucky’s stuck by his side through thick and thin, and all these years later, is Steve’s best friend in the whole world. But these past two weeks have been hectic, and Steve’s skipped his meds and now he’s in heat and didn’t expected it and more than half his things are still packed in boxes. Meaning his dildos are somewhere in here. It’s just a matter of finding them. With the way Steve’s feeling, he needs the biggest one and he’s not even sure where any of them are let alone that one. Muttering, grunting, and swearing, Steve gets out of bed and starts rummaging through the boxes. He takes in several deep breaths. His head is swirling. It’s been years since he’s felt like this. Having started the pills after his first heat when he was fourteen, he’s been so very diligent with them. When moisture starts dribbling down Steve’s legs, he whines. He’s gotta find these damn things. Steve’s tearing through the boxes, tossing things every which way in his desperation, when there’s a knock at the door. “Hey, Steve…”“No! Don’t--”The door is already opening before Steve can even whirl around to stop Bucky from coming in. As soon as he’s there, Steve can see the immediate effects on him. He doesn’t mean to do it, Steve’s sure of that, but Bucky’s eyes fall closed as he sniffs the air. The scent that’s filling the room makes Bucky tremble. When his eyes open, they’re swallowed in black, and Steve holds in a whimper as Bucky’s own musk seeps out of him.  Autumn. Bucky smells like autumn. Of cris
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha!Bucky
Omega!Steve
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Consent
Bonding
mentions of mpreg
Knotting
dildo mention
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Love Confessions
Confessional Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Anal Sex
Anal Fisting
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

