Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"It doesn't matter how many times you tell me you think it's stupid and that it’s going to cause problems down the line. I believe you wholeheartedly, but you know the Board isn't going to take your opinion as a valid reason. We've been over this, Tony. I need concrete proof that they can't argue against," Pepper said. She was using her reasonable voice again; it was just a little bit nicer than the one she used when the Board of Directors started pissing her off."But Pep -""Don't 'but Pep' me."Tony tried not to pout. It never had any effect on Pepper, anyway. She was immune to pouting, whining, and tears. He looked down at the table and the blueprints he'd brought to their meeting and started going over complicated equations in his head in an effort to stave off a frustrated bout of said tears. He hated the Board of Stark Industries more often than not. They were just a bunch of greedy old bastards that cared more about the bottom line than they did about the quality of their product. If it were up to them, the Stark name would be mud in just a couple of years from all the corners they would cut in an effort to save themselves a few more bucks.Thank god for Pepper. One of the best decisions of Tony's life had been making her the CEO of Stark Industries. It meant that even after word spread that Tony was a little, the Board couldn't get rid of her. They could, on the other hand, try to bribe her. Which they had. A lot of people in Pepper's position would've taken advantage of that, but Pepper was a goddess and a saint and remained steadfastly loyal to Tony and Tony alone. She never hesitated to go toe to toe with the Board and remind them of just who, exactly, was the brains behind the whole operation, and if asked she was not afraid to say that she still considered the company to be Tony's.Needless to say, his current frustration really wasn't her fault. She was doing everything she could, and Tony knew that. A lot of the time Pepper was caught between a rock and a hard place. Life would've been so much easier if he could've supported her the way she deserved, but unfortunately littles weren't taken very seriously in the business world. Or any world, really. "Just keep working on it," Pepper said, a little more kindly this time. "Bring me an upgraded version of the new Starkphone that doesn't have these errors. As soon as you do that, I can recall the old ones and it won't be a big deal anymore. The positive publicity will more than make up for anything the Board might say.""I'm working on it," Tony mumbled, looking up at her once he was certain that he wasn't going to start crying. The ability to sort of control his emotions was one of the few things that the years of lessons he'd suffered through as a child were actually good for. But he'd noticed that the more time he spent as a little, the worse his control was getting. He was hoping it would stabilize out eventually, but that didn't help him in the short term. And he couldn't stop spending time as a little, either, because that would invalidate the agreement he'd worked out with Fury and Steve and mean that he was off the team. "Good. That's all I can ask for." Pepper glanced at her phone. "I've got some R&D idiots to fire and another meeting to get to, and for that matter so do you. So I think we'll wrap it up.""I have another meeting? With who?" he asked, genuinely surprised. It was one of the few good things to come out of the reveal: people were a lot less demanding on his time.Pepper looked over his shoulder. a small smile tugging at her mouth, and he turned around to see Steve leaning against the door frame, arms crossed. He smiled at the both of them and said, "Sorry, but Tony and I have plans we can't be late for.""We do?" Tony said with a frown, looking down at his phone. There was no alert, and JARVIS hadn't told him about anything except for this meeting with Pepper. His plans for the night had involved locking himself up in his workshop for as long as it took to fix this damn upgrade. "It's Halloween, Tony."For a moment, Tony just stared at him in confusion. Then it clicked. A week ago, he, Steve, Phil and Clint had spent the whole day coming up with Halloween costumes. It would be Tony's and Clint's first Halloween since coming out as little, and Tony was both excited and nervous. The thought of trick-or-treating, something he'd never done before, was exciting, but he wasn't sure how he felt about being seen by so many people when he was in his little headspace. He'd managed to shove the whole thing out of his head, what with this upgrade fiasco, and he couldn't believe he'd forgotten that today was Halloween."You need to go home and get ready. Make sure you come visit me, okay? I have a special treat for my two favorite little boys," Pepper said, getting to her feet.Tony narrowed his eyes. "What kind of treat?""You'll have to come visit me to find out," she said with a wink. "And remember, I don't give out trea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Age Play
alternate universe - littles are known
Little Headspace
Baby!Tony
little!Clint
daddy!Phil
Daddy!Steve
Pacifiers
Cuddling
Crying
bottles
Hugs
strollers
Comforting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Carrying
Diapers
Trick or Treating
Halloween
I know it's late
just pretend this is still october ok
tired tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
tony doesn't like tricks

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson

