Work Text:
The thing about living in the Tower, is...well, it's nice.  Classy.  Really classy, even the floor Stark had had decorated specifically with Steve's 1940's sensibilities in mind.  The designers had done a bang-up job...if Steve's last name had been Rockefeller.  As it is the place gives Bucky this weird feeling of...dissonance is the best word he can come up with, for which he blames his shrink.  His eyes see home--as a time, just not a place in it they could ever have afforded--but experience sees money on careful display and tells him to watch his mouth, keep still and ready, because orders will be coming once the bigwigs finish showing him off.
He spends most of his time in the kitchen.  It's hard to make a kitchen look intimidating, though this one tries.
He's nursing a mug of black coffee, slouched in a ladder-backed chair at what he suspects is a prep table, not a kitchen table, when Tony Stark comes breezing in.
"All right, Rogers, no excuses--you, me and--huh," he says, rocking on his heels as the kitchen door swings shut at his back.  "Not the supersoldier I was expecting."
"I got that," Bucky says dryly.  He hasn't really interacted with Stark much beyond a couple of maintenance sessions for his arm, and Steve was present for both of those.  He's wishing Steve were here now, because he can practically feel his tongue shriveling up, mortification and regret making him second-guess every word before they make it past his teeth.  "Uh, Steve's not here."  And now he's stating the obvious.  That's safe enough, right?
He wants to ask his shrink how the hell you talk to someone whose parents you don't remember killing, but he's afraid she'll just turn it back on him in the form of a question.  Some days he just genuinely wants advice, not orders, but he guesses he's not the only one not used to that idea.
Stark snorts.  "Coward," he mutters, but with a little half-smirk that says he's more amused at being outmaneuvered than irritated with Steve's absence.  "Did he put JARVIS up to this?  JARVIS, did he put you up to this?  Because when I asked where our resident dinosaur was holed up, I was expecting the star-spangled version."
"My apologies, sir," JARVIS replies, sounding not very apologetic at all, "but as Sergeant Barnes is actually the older of the two--"
"He corrupted JARVIS," Stark says like he's announcing the end of the world.  "The biggest Boy Scout of them all corrupted JARVIS."  He shakes his head.  "I need coffee.  Mind if I...?"
Bucky shrugs.  He's pretty sure what he's drinking is technically Stark's coffee to begin with.
Stark opens two cabinet doors before he finds the mugs, which argues that he hasn't been a frequent visitor.  He wastes no time in pouring himself a cup, turning to lean back against the counter with his mug clutched in both hands, eyes closing as he downs half his coffee in a few deep swallows.  "Mm," he sighs.  "Okay.  Now I can deal with the heartbreak."
A quiet huff of laughter escapes before Bucky can stifle it, but Stark just smirks at him, unoffended.  Bucky finds himself wanting to ask what Stark needed Steve for, maybe offer his own assistance in Steve's place, though he's pretty sure actually interacting with the guy whose parents you don't remember killing is an advanced technique best covered in a future session.
Judging from the sudden frown, Stark's maybe twigging to that notion himself, only instead of delivering a stilted goodbye and beating a quick retreat, Tony blurts, "Are those Steve's clothes?"
Bucky looks down at himself automatically, even though he already knows the answer.  It's just that Stark sounds so surprised.  "Yeah?" he says uncertainly.  Is this some weird future thing, or...?
"Sorry," Tony says instantly, "that's none of my business, just--wow, dark horse there, uh--if...you're swapping more than clothes?" he ends on an uncertain note, face screwed up like he isn't sure whether he should backpedal some more or make a break for it.
Bucky feels like Tony just went through three separate conversations in the space of one sentence, and when he catches up, he feels the blood drain from his face.  "No," he says a little too loud, the back of his neck prickling unpleasantly.  "Steve's not--"  He flushes, wondering where the hell his mouth filter has gone.  "We don't--no."
Now Tony looks surprised.  "Hey, hey--it's totally okay if you did.  If you do.  I mean--that's a thing now.  Welcome to the future?" he tries with a helpless shrug.  Bucky stares.  He remembers...he thinks he remembers seeing things that would have provoked a beating back in the day, but it was always in one eye and out the other.  He hadn't paid anything much attention at the time if it hadn't affected the mission.  "No, it's just...you're wearing Steve's clothes," he says with a little more emphasis, grimacing like the very thought hurts his heart.
Bucky shrugs.  "They fit?"
"Debatable," Stark scoffs, "and only because they don't actually fit him."
He'd be tempted t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

