Chapter 1: The First Time Darcy and her Daddy Play
    


Notes:
WARNING: Heavy Daddy Kink and Age Play. All participants are of age and are consenting adults, but are deep in character. Darcy is actually 21 years old, playing a 9 year old. All kink negotiations happened before hand.
DL:DR




Chapter Text

The sound of the door creaking open was barely audible over the noise coming from the TV. Phil rarely watched movies, and even more rarely watched them alone, but this movie was rated R and he had deemed it 'too scary' for the kids to watch with him.

 

Speaking of kids...

 

Darcy's face peered around the edge of the door as she searched for him in the shadows from the flickering and flashing lights of the movie.

 

"Daddy?" Her soft voice ventured into the den.

 

"Yes, Darcy, come in."

 

The door pushed open slowly as the petite figure stepped cautiously into the room. The bottom of her nightgown shifted lazily back and forth around her knees as she stood and twisted hesitantly.

 

"What is it, Sweetheart," Phil called out, lifting the remote and pausing the film.

 

"Can't sleep, Daddy. Can I sit up with you for a while?" Her 9 year old voice carried all the hope and need her little heart could manage. Phil was usually more resistant to the children asking for things that were against the rules, but she had asked so sweetly...

 

He frowned and sighed. "Just for a few minutes. If you promise to go back to bed as soon as I say." She nodded enthusiastically and he waved her into the room. Darcy grinned brightly and walked quickly over to the couch and sat next to him, wrapping her arms around his left arm and leaning her head against his shoulder.

 

"Thanks, Daddy," she whispered as she nuzzled her face against his soft t shirt and clung to his bicep and shoulder. He patted her leg before resting his hand on her knee.

 

"Hush now, and watch the movie." He pressed play on the remote and they settled into a comfortable silence as the show carried on. 

 

He was secretly thrilled that Darcy was getting so comfortable with him so quickly. She'd only come to stay with him and Clint about a month ago, and he glad she was already this happy and relaxed with them. When he'd found her she had been so lost, a troubled child with a dark past in need of love, but also discipline and a firm hand. Under his care and guidance she'd blossomed into such a beautiful and loving child even in such a short amount of time.

 

It truly warmed his heart to see. It was why he opened his home to wayward children from time to time.

 

On the screen the movie's main character was inspecting a dark alleyway for clues to a missing person when the music darkened and the detective lifted a flattened cardboard box to find the severed arm of some unfortunate victim.

 

Darcy squealed and twisted herself around his arm until she was on his lap, her face buried in his neck. Phil tried not to gasp as her arms went around his shoulders and she pressed herself to him like a barnacle, clinging for all she was worth.

 

"Darcy? You okay?" He asked, trying to keep the amusement out of his voice. She nodded and lifted her face slightly to turn one eye back to the TV. "Do I need to turn this movie off? Is it too much, baby?" She shook her head again. 

 

On the screen the detective was calling for backup and soon the area was flooded with police and flashing red and blue lights. 

 

"I'm fine," she whispered, her lips brushing against his throat. They watched on in silence, but she made no move to leave her place in his lap and he didn't want to disturb her. If she fell back to sleep he could carry her back to bed.

 

Her hair with its thick and silky chocolate strands, tickled against his neck as she lifted her face a little more to see the movie better. Phil could also feel the soft press of her breasts, (far more developed than your average 9 year old), against his chest. His nose filled with the soft scent of her shampoo, white fig and almond, and her rounded bottom pressed against the curve of his thigh. 

 

She was probably too big to be sitting in his lap, but he didn't have the heart to dislodge her, yet. He determined to ignore her distraction and focused on the movie, just like a good father should.

 

When the music began to grow intense once more, this time the hero was leading a team of officers into an abandoned movie theater, Darcy tightened her arms and began shifting with tension and apprehension. 

 

Phil tightened his arm around her back and over her knees, hoping to comfort her and get her to hold still, but it only made her curl tighter against him, and her lovely backside slide closer to his groin. He briefly considered pausing the movie and sending her back to bed, but he knew her being wound up with tension would only make it harder for her to sleep.

 

Instead, he let the movie play while he rubbed her back gently and whispered comforting platitudes as the movie turned violent with bloody conflict
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Age Play
Smut
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Fingering
First Time
Incest Play
Daddy Phil Coulson - Freeform
Little Darcy Lewis
Big Brother Clint Barton
Rimming
Vaginal Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
Rough Sex
Subdrop
Comeplay
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Cunllingus
Bathing/Washing
Anal Fingering
Anal Plug
Anal Play

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis

