Work Text:
Steve’s been busy lately -- paperwork, training, saving the world when it needs to be saved from random alien robots that inconveniently attack on date night -- and Bucky’s getting sick of it. Not that he blames his boyfriend for being so tied up. After all, when random alien robots inconveniently attack on date, Bucky gets pulled away, too. But tonight, well, tonight not even random alien robots attacking will ruin their night (maybe it will, but here’s hoping). “What’s all this?” Steve asks when he walks in to find the table set with roses and candles and a box of his favorite pizza. “Did I do something?” Bucky chuckles. “No. But tonight you’re going to remember that you’re mine.”He leaves it at that as he opens the box of pizza and starts serving slices. When Steve does move from his stop just inside the kitchen he flicks his eyes back to him. And grins. Just as he suspected, Steve is completely flushed with this adorably worried look on. Worried, needy, what’s the difference? They make it halfway through dinner before Steve is bent over the table -- flowers, candles, and dishes crashing to the floor to make room for the antsy supersoldier -- and pleading for Bucky’s tongue. It might be Bucky’s fault. He should’ve known Steve wasn’t going to make it through the whole meal when Bucky kept licking and nibbling on his lip every time Steve looked at him. “Please, Buck…” he whimpers as Bucky slowly pulls his pants down. “I need it. I need you.”“Need me, huh? You’ve been awfully busy lately, baby doll.” He runs his left hand over Steve’s bare ass. Steve shivers under that soft touch. “Startin’a think that maybe you don’t like me no more.”“No, no…” Steve whines. Squirms against the table when Bucky’s rakes his fingers over his back. “Never. I need you, Bucky. Please.”“Hm.” Bucky leaves Steve’s pants down around his ankle. “Let’s see if I can remind you why you like me so much.”On knees, Bucky slowly part Steve’s cheeks and leans in to give one, slow lick. Makes Steve groan and gasp and shudder. And then whine when Bucky doesn’t do anything after that. “Oh, please,” he begs. “More, Bucky, more.”“Patience, sweetheart,” Bucky teases. “I’ve been waitin’ a while for you. Now you can wait for me.”He’s being a little shit. He knows it. Steve knows it. The table knows it. But Steve, despite the disgruntled and needy moan, loves it. Bucky knows it. Steve knows it. The table knows it. “I’m sorry!” he whines. “S’not my fault, Buck! I… oh… please, baby. I--”His words cut off with a gargled yelp when Bucky licks again. He doesn’t pull away this time, but he does keep on teasing him. Just little kitten licks around Steve’s fluttering hole. Steve is whining and whimpering the whole time. Until Bucky shows him a little mercy and starts lapping more. Pressing firmer and then sticking his tongue where Steve wants it most.Steve cries out when it happens. Jerks up and collapses again across the table and just lays there as Bucky fucks him with his tongue. Shoving it in and out, pushing as deeply as he can and then sucking when he pulls back out.  Steve is making incoherent requests. All Bucky can really catch is please and more and fuck, fuck fuck! Bucky doesn’t let up either, never lets Steve forget the feel of his tongue, and pretty soon Steve is begging him to stop. “No more, Buck, no more!”Only that’s not what he really wants. So Bucky just ignores him and keeps on at it. Has Steve’s body writhing and wiggling as he tries to both push back for more and get away from Bucky’s ceaseless ministrations. Eventually, Steve starts slamming his hand down on the table over and over, grunting through his teeth that he can’t take it anymore and Bucky still won’t stop. All he does his secure his hands around Steve’s waist and won’t let him move. “Oh, no, Bucky,” Steve whines. There’s a hitch in his voice. He’s holding in tears. “I need… oh, fuck, m’gonna come, Buck…” He’s slamming his hand down again. “Please… make me come… please…”He can come from Bucky’s tongue alone. But today, Bucky has other plans, and he reaches around to take hold of Steve’s cock. And just two strokes has Steve shouting and coming all over Bucky’s hand. Steve goes lax on the table, panting and covered in sweat.“Look at you.” Bucky chuckles and adds one last lick to Steve’s hole. Makes him whimper and shiver. “You’re a mess already. And I’ve only just started with you.”Bucky uses his clean hand to flip Steve over onto his back. Steve goes without a fight. There’s sweat clinging to his hair, his eyes are half closed, and he’s got his mouth open. On purpose. Waiting. Bucky grins. “What a good boy you are,” he praises. Then holds his dirtied hand up to Steve’s mouth. “Go on now. Clean me up.”Steve’s tongue comes out immediately. Licks up his own release eagerly and without hesitation. He sucks on Bucky’s fingers and laps at his hand, even when Bucky scoops what’s left on Steve’s stomach and feeds it to him as well. “Bucky.” Steve’s voice sounds so sweet and de
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
PWP without Porn
Smut
Table Sex
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Fisting
Begging
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Come Eating
Semi-Public Sex
bottom!Steve
Top!Bucky
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

