Work Text:
It wasn't, for the most part, anything obvious.  People didn't come up to Clint in the halls and spit on him or sneer at him to his face or even mutter things behind his back where he could hear them.  But SHIELD was full of covert operatives and very, very smart people.  If they wanted to make a person feel his guilt, they had other, better ways of doing so.If Clint had blamed them, that would have been one thing.  Despite Natasha's words upon bringing him back, though, Clint had checked the casualty lists.  Seventy-six employees of SHIELD aboard the helicarrier were dead because of him, countless more injured, some of them with career-ending injuries.  And Phil.  Natasha had told him while heading over in the quinjet, grave and concerned, but also, Clint knew, with the ulterior motive of fueling him with pure hatred.  He wouldn't have thought he had anymore of the emotion inside of him, but he'd long since known that for Phil anything was possibleClint didn't let himself think about that, about the seventy-seventh name on the list of the deceased.  It would drive him to take matters into his own hands, and really, other people had more right to his punishment than Clint did.So it was subtle, but pervasive, and if he hadn't needed the others' hatred so much, it might have even felt oppressive.  As it was, it was simply deserved.

*
He'd gone to medical after shwarma.  He knew he was in bad condition.  He was pretty certain he hadn't slept in over seventy-two hours.  There was still glass embedded in his skin from his journey through the window; nothing life-threatening, but a few of the wounds probably needed stitching.  He had no idea if he'd eaten in the time he was with Loki.  He didn't remember doing so, and he remembered everything.  Clint forced himself away from the memories, because they made him sick, and he needed to be functional, needed to help out with repairs.One of the nurses in medical had glanced over him and said, "You'll have to come back, we've got more urgent cases."Clint had stumbled to his quarters.  He'd lived in a studio apartment off-base for years, but he was confined to HQ, so he went to the room where he'd never really settled, where he hadn't even gone for probably over a year.  It had a toilet, sink and tiny shower in one corner and a cot in the other.  There was a beat-up dresser Clint had moved in to store his clothes and left because it was too ugly to move into a real home.  He checked the drawers and was greatly relieved to find he'd left himself a pair of sweats.  Evidently, however, he'd taken all of the bedding when he'd moved, because there wasn't anything on the bed.  Too tired to care, Clint forced himself out of the armor, which was agonizing, and let it crumple onto the floor.  He stepped into the shower, where he was relieved to find a bar of soap.  He worked on getting what he could of the shards out, almost passing out once or twice but managing to stay upright.  He couldn't help biting his lip, trying to swallow the sounds he made when he was cleaning the gashes out.  There were some he couldn't reach, but medical would probably slow in a few days and he'd go back.  The water had long gone cold when he finished what he could of the clean up.  He just barely got himself into the sweats and onto the cot.  Then he passed out.

*
According to SHIELD's computers, it was less than three hours later when Clint awoke screaming, tearing at his chest, trying to rip his own heart from his body.  He threw up in the toilet, rinsed his mouth, and made himself go back to sleep.  He needed rest if he was to be of any use with repairs.
*
Clint gave up at around five AM, when he took another quick shower to get rid of the sweat from his disturbed sleep and put his armor back on.  Other than the sweats, it was all he had, and they weren't exactly appropriate for helping out with rebuilding.  He made himself go and find Hill, not only because she would have an assignment for him, but because he'd shot at her.  He'd managed to miss—all he remembered was screaming underneath a wall of obedience, of the twisting of his own natural need to please—but that didn't really make it better to his way of thinking.When he found her, she looked as tired as he felt, the wound on her forehead especially noticeable against the stark paleness of her skin.  He said, "Reporting for duty, Agent Hill.""Barton," she said, her tone unreadable.  He said, softly, "I'm sorry."She looked at him for a long moment in which Clint prayed she wouldn't tell him he wasn't even cleared to help with clean-up efforts.  Finally, she nodded.  "Section H-3 needs the most help."Clint made his way there.  He noticed how others working on the section shied away from him, left the hardest jobs for him to accomplish without help.  He noted that sometimes others brought snacks up or water, and that he was clearly not welcome to partake.  When he reached the point of dizziness from lack of food—two relief crews lat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Self-Destructive Behavior
passive self-harm

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

