Work Text:
"Get in!"The transport truck had roared up to the gully where Steve and the Commandos were hiding, looking like an angel from heaven and smelling like a diesel fire. For a second Steve did a double-take, because the driver yelling at them looked a little like Peggy and sounded like her too, but Peggy was huddled up between Buck and Gabe, holding a clean(ish) cloth to the wound in Bucky's shoulder. "We haven't much time," the woman at the wheel yelled. Bullets whizzed past. "Lizbet?" Peggy yelled."Peg!" the woman yelled back, cheerily. "Come on, I'd prefer not to be shot!"Peggy started to move, which was all it took for the rest of them to go too. Steve helped Gabe and Morita get Bucky into the back, then dove into the cab next to Peggy, who was wiping her face with a handkerchief. The driver -- Lizbet, apparently -- threw the truck into gear and took off, bouncing down the road and away from the burning factory that had been....more well-stocked with Hydra soldiers than intel had led them to believe. "Lizbet, what on Earth are you doing here?" Peggy asked, sounding delighted. "You know you're not meant to be near combat.""Oh, I wasn't! The truck's full of C-rations, you know," Lizbet said. "But I was at the tail end of the convoy, and I saw the fire. I thought I'd take a detour to see what it was all about. What a lark, isn't it?" she said, baring her teeth in a thrilled smile. "We're very grateful, ma'am," Steve said, because Peggy looked like she wanted to scold. "My pleasure, I'm sure," Lizbet said."Lizbet, this is Captain Steve Rogers, seconded to the SSR," Peggy said. "Steve, this is Lizbet Windham, she's a subaltern in the ATS." "Junior commander now," Lizbet said. "You're the big bluff American fellow they put in all the film reels, aren't you?" "Guilty," Steve said, feeling oddly charmed by the woman's easy manner. "Your timing's nice. Pleasure to meet you, Windham.""Likewise, Rogers.""Captain," a voice came from behind them, and Pinky put his head through the small gap where a window divided the cab from the canvas-covered truck bed. "Barnes says -- good lord!" he interrupted himself, staring at their rescue driver with bulging eyes."Pinkie," Peggy said, an odd note in her voice. "This is our rescuer, Lizbet Windham. She's a junior commander in the ATS."Pinky looked at Peggy, eyes still wide, then back at Lizbet."Well," he said after a stunned second. "Pleasure to meet you, ma'am. Erm. Cap," he added, turning back to Steve, who felt he was missing a subtext somewhere. "Barnes said he got the paperwork you asked for," he said, handing over a bloodstained packet of papers. "And Morita says Barnes is only pretending he's dying, he's really fine.""I AM DYING," Bucky's voice drifted out indignantly."WELL, TRY TO DO IT QUIETLY," Steve called back, handing the documents to Peggy. Lizbet laughed. "We aren't far from the road the convoy was on, I should be able to catch them up," she said. "Have you snug in one of those dreadful military tents in no time, Captain." "Hey," Gabe said, leaning through the window Pinky had used a few minutes before. "Can we open some'a these rations up?" "Up to Windham," Steve said, nodding at Lizbet. "It's her haul." "Of course, I'm sure your men are starving. Do hand up something edible for the Captain and Peg," Lizbet said. "Thanks ever so, private...?""Gabe Jones, ma'am. Much obliged," Gabe said, and a few minutes later he handed up a package of crackers, a block of "fortified chocolate", and a tin of chicken. Steve opened the can of chicken and scooped some onto a cracker, passing it to Peggy, who ate it neatly and split the fortified chocolate block with Lizbet. They caught up to the convoy soon enough, and Steve heard Bucky wheeze thank God as they got back onto a solid road. Steve savored his share of the chicken and crackers, listening to Peggy and Lizbet discuss mutual acquaintances. He gathered that they must have met in training, and he wasn't entirely sure Lizbet knew that Peggy was a spy. She very carefully wasn't asking what Peggy was doing in a ditch with a gang of mostly-American soldiers, however, so who knew. Steve left the espionage up to Peggy, who was more suited to it, and just kept quiet and ate his ration. It was another long hour before he could see the shadowed bulk of a military camp up ahead, mostly dark but with the telltale red-ember bob of men smoking cigarettes at the walls. The convoy passed through easily enough, and Lizbet was out of the truck as soon as it was parked, rounding the back to peer inside."Aren't you lot jolly filthy," she said cheerfully, lowering the gate and reaching up to help them ease Bucky down. Steve caught him by the shoulders, checking to see if he was steady enough on his feet to walk, and considered scooping him into a carry."I'm fine, lunkhead," Bucky said, but then he caught sight of Lizbet, and Steve sighed internally. "Well, I wouldn't mind a shoulder to lean on," he added, and turned his big baby blues 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Elizabeth Windsor
steve rogers/peggy carter background

freeform: 
RPF
World War II
the worst shovel talk in the history of history

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Elizabeth Windsor
steve rogers/peggy carter background

