Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In the silence of his penthouse office, the squeak of his chair springs are loud as Tony sits back, forefinger tapping out a fast, arrhythmic beat at the edge of his glass-topped desk.  He can see now why JARVIS insisted on the extra precautions; his workshop, while secure, is Grand Central Station by comparison.
He stills his restless tapping by laying his hand flat, pushing a little against the glass as he takes a deep breath.  It's not that he's surprised that SHIELD has secrets.  He's not surprised they're big secrets.  He can even see a world in which he might approve of this one if someone packaged it up just right.
In this world the packaging amounts to a gift-wrapped box of steaming shit left on his doorstep and set on fire, just waiting for him to open the door on that unpleasant surprise.
"Project Insight," he says at last, watching muted security footage play across his laptop screen.  "Were the plans for this in the original download from the Battle of New York?"
"No, sir," JARVIS replies, subdued.  "It seems to be a more recent endeavor, perhaps conceived in response to that incident.  Additionally, it appears that not all of SHIELD's files were obtained in that foray; I have taken the liberty of continuing to sweep for information as weaknesses have opened in the system, resulting in the intelligence I called to your attention this morning."
"Good work, JARVIS," he says, though he doesn't feel much like celebrating.  He has a voice mail from Fury sitting in his queue right now, inviting him to take a look at turbine plans for a new generation of helicarriers.  He'd been planning to make a day of it--his fucking reward for keeping his nose to the grindstone on the lucrative-but-boring SI patents--but he's got a pretty good idea now what his tinkering will be powering.
A small fleet of helicarriers with firepower beyond compare, guided by the pinnacle of targeting capability, designed to be fueled and serviced without ever touching the ground.  No terrorist organization, no rogue mutant or disaffected scientist would be able to step one foot outside their bunkers without coming under fire.  It's a good thought, it really is, in theory.  It just raises a few tiny questions, like what the strategy will be after they've taken out all the obvious idiots and made sure only the fittest problems survived.  Who's on the list besides terrorists, and who gets to choose?  Who watches the watchdogs?  And who thought it would be a good idea to present this to the world as a fait accompli?
Christ, he can hear the sound of Captain America losing his shit already, and the damn ships aren't even in the air yet.
His fingers drum against the glass once, twice, and stop.
"Get me Fury," he says, sitting forward and closing down the footage of scrambling crews climbing over a trio of ships, the vast hulks already two-thirds complete.  Tony frowns.  "No, wait.  Set up a meeting instead.  Tell him I'm going to need a little insight into what he needs the turbines to lift if he wants them calibrated properly.  If he asks, I'm not available to take any phone calls at the moment."
"Are you certain this conversation will go more smoothly in person, sir?  Your previous interactions with Director Fury suggest--"
"I'm not expecting this conversation to go smoothly either way," Tony admits, falling back and tiredly pinching the bridge of his nose, elbow braced on the arm of his chair.  "He's just going to find it a lot harder to hang up on me face-to-face."
It's also a lot more satisfying to walk out of a meeting than to thumb a disconnect, but he's hoping it won't come to that.  It will, but he can hope.
And if he doesn't get the answer he wants, he can always send the favorite kid in next.

***
"Here you are, Mr. Stark," the receptionist says with a star-struck smile, sliding a badge across the desk with one hand while turning a sign-in log his way with the other.  Tony can tell she's going for Maria Hill's look--dark colors, a severe suit-skirt combo, hair pulled back in a no-nonsense bun--but Hill would be staring him down preemptively, not trying a little too hard to look like she isn't staring.  "If you could, um....""SHIELD's been talking to Happy, haven't they?" he asks, flashing a grin as he clips the badge to the pocket of his suit jacket.  "He even makes me sign in, and I'm pretty sure I own the building.  Well.  Most of the building."
"Yes, sir," the receptionist says, cheeks pinking.  "Sorry.  It's procedure for everyone."
"Safety first," he says with a half-shrug and bites back a crack about getting his autograph as he scrawls his signature with a flourish.  Making a pretty girl blush is one thing, but it's a lot more fun when mortification isn't the main reason.
"Thanks, Mr. Stark."  She sounds relieved.  Maybe she'd expected him to play the celebrity asshole card.  "Director Fury should be expecting you.  Would you like an escort up?"
"Nah.  I think I know my way to the principal's of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Age Regression/De-Aging
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

