Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Phil Coulson, senior agent in a secret organization and right hand man to Nick Fury himself prided himself on his unflappability and blandness, so he is a little ashamed to acknowledge that when he woke up alone in an underground, concrete room, strapped to a hospital bed, and missing both his clothes and his weapons he did not react well. He had once smiled affably at a towering Norwegian man who was ripping his fingernails out with pliers. He had once softly sung ‘Somewhere over the Rainbow’ to a Tangerine assassin who was being burned alive. Waking up in a room alone was not the worst, nor the weirdest thing he had experienced. Even waking strapped to a bed in nothing but a hospital gown was hardly something that should have freaked him out. He had survived being shot in the groin, partially scalped (SHIELD kept a whole slew of cosmetic surgeons on retainer for just such an occasion, thank god, or Phil would look very different due to that little run-in), and a faked seduction by Deputy Director Hill. Waking up in room alone should not have caused his heart rate to spike and his breathing to speed up.
And yet it did.
Phil blames this on the fact that he was obviously in a SHIELD facility. SHIELD had a very distinct flavor of bland, that was almost exactly like any other government organization, or hospital, but Phil had helped design that level of bland innocuousness. He knew. So, if this was a SHIELD facility (a hypothetical ‘if’ because, as previously stated, Phil knew) where was anyone? Never in his entire career at SHIELD had he ever wakened to an empty room. The staff in Medical were practically OCD about their patients, and no agent or operative was ever left completely alone. Even if no person could be in the room, a camera was trained on every bed 24/7. No one was left unwatched. 
Phil looked around, focused his eyes on every corner of the room, on all of the equipment, but could not spot a single camera. Nothing. Which was ridiculous. Phil had helped design the security measures, and he knew (like he knew this was SHIELD, and knew that he was alone) that there wasn’t a single room, in medical or otherwise, that did not have some sort of recording device, even if what the cameras recorded were never watched they were stored and kept for emergencies. So, unless R&D had invented a new type of invisible camera and hadn’t told him (which was impossible, because the scientists were possibly more scared of him than they were Romanoff, and she had once blown up their entire department because a junior agent had stated that it wasn’t possible, and they would never keep something that useful from him), there really wasn’t any recording device in the room. 
And what was more surprising was that neither Barton nor Romanoff was in attendance either. It was more than ten years ago that Phil had picked up and brought in Barton, and a hospital visit hadn’t gone by in those ten years that did not include Barton bursting in on him or him waking to see Barton’s cocky smirk and some pithy phrase. Unless, of course, Barton was on assignment, in which case he usually woke to his phone shrilly informing him that he had 81 missed calls from his asset. And, after Barton had kidnapped/adopted/inducted the Black Widow into SHIELD, she too had started showing up after especially dangerous fights. Yes, she often wore angrier glares, but she was always there by his bed beside Barton. 
This was only fair, really, since whenever either of them had a stay in medical he took up vigil by their bedside. It was common courtesy. Plus, he looked after his own. So really, the fact that neither of them were there, and that there was no sign of anyone else either, raised Phil’s hackles.
But, thinking of Barton, memories of what had happened to him to make him wake up in a hospital bed in the first place started to filter to the forefront of his brain. Barton was compromised. The Avengers were acting like whiny piss babies. Loki had stabbed him through the back.
Well, that had been just rude. 
But, more importantly: Barton.
His body tried to jerk into sitting position without his permission but the straps around his wrists and ankles kept him down. He frowned down at the black leather bands, and then at his chest, because trying to sit up hadn’t pulled at stitches on his chest beneath the hospital gown, but at a newly healing scar (and yes, he did know the difference between those two feelings enough to differentiate them without looking). A scar. Not stitches. That meant he had been in a coma for more than a month.
More than a month had passed since Thor’s brother had skewered him with a glorified glow stick. More than a month had passed, and he didn’t know if Clint Barton had ever been brought out from under Loki’s control. More than a month and he didn’t even know if the Avengers had gotten their shit together, if Nick had taken his advice and used his death to bring them together, long enough for them to sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Fix-It
BAMF Phil Coulson
Smart Clint Barton
BAMF Clint Barton
Confused Steve Rogers
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Nick Fury Lies
Nick Fury Swears
Unreliable Narrator
Affectionate Insults
Insults
Getting Together
Unrequited Love
Requited Love
Requited Unrequited Love
Love Confessions
Sassy Clint Barton
SHIELD Husbands
Not copy to another site
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

