Work Text:
When Peter comes to, there's a weight pressing against his chest. A very heavy, warm, slightly moist weight. "Don't get me wrong," the weight says, "that is indeed a gun in my pocket, but I'm still happy to see you.""Ugh!" Peter wrinkles his nose in disgust while jerking away from Deadpool, who is far too cheerful for someone missing the lower half of their body. Memories of what's happened come flooding back to the forefront of Peter’s mind. His investigation of a string of kidnappings had led him to a seemingly abandoned warehouse, only for him to run into Deadpool who was on the hunt for his next target. They didn't realize the two were connected until it was too late. There had been the deafening, earth-shaking boom of hidden explosives detonating, then bursts of heat and smoke as everything collapsed around them, and then nothing but greyish darkness covered in a choking layer of dust. Peter feels like he's been thrown against a brick wall after being stomped on by The Rhino; everything hurts. He checks for broken bones and life-threatening wounds, but while he thinks he may have cracked a rib or two, he's relatively fine. And he's pretty sure that's due to the person who's still chuckling at their own perverted sense of humor. "You saved me?" Peter asks, and forgive him for sounding incredulous, but this is Deadpool after all. "A-yup," Deadpool says, lounging on his side and waving one of leg stumps about in a manner that Peter thinks is supposed to be coquettish. "You can thank me later. Or you can thank me now if you want. Not one to deny a guy a secret amputee fetish."It's about this time that Peter almost wishes the blast killed him instead. --When Peter finally has full grasp on the world of consciousness, he takes stock of their surroundings. They're stuck in a little crevasse, formed by a fallen support beam and a torn sheet of corrugated metal that's scorched black. A low hanging braided steel cable provides tension for the whole thing, kind of like poles on a tent, but every now and then it creaks in a way that sets Peter's nerves on edge. "We need to find a way out of here," Peter says as he goes to grab hunks of debris to move them out of the way. But stops when he sees Deadpool is still lying on the ground. "Deadpool, come on!"But Deadpool has his arms propped under his head, as if he's on a tropical beach paradise somewhere instead of underneath what’s used to be a building earlier today. "I wouldn't touch that pipe if I were you. You don’t want to know where it’s been," he says, not even facing Peter's direction.“What pipe--” Peter starts to ask at the same time his hand brushes said pipe, since apparently his life is just one long comedy of errors. He barely touched the thing, but it’s enough to jar the wreckage it’s lodged in and send pieces of rubble cascading down to the spot where he’s sitting.Well, was sitting. Because Deadpool moves fast for someone temporarily without legs. He tugs Peter down and out of the way just in the nick of time and rolls, bracing himself above Peter by placing his elbows on either side of Peter’s chest.It’s a rare moment for both of them to be quiet. For Peter, it’s because he’s too shocked to speak, instead focusing on replacing the air that’s been knocked out of his lungs. His heart feels like a jackhammer trying to pound its way out of his ribcage, and after awhile he realizes he can feel Deadpool’s beating to a similar tempo as well. It’s a surreal sensation, one that Peter hasn’t experienced in awhile, and maybe he’s got a concussion or something, because it’s not exactly unpleasant. That is, of course, Deadpool ruins it by--what else?--opening his big fat mouth.“That’s twice now you’ve had me top,” he says, his voice low and breathy and reeking of stale Mexican food. “Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me.”“Get off!”“Believe me, Baby Boy, I’m trying--”“No, get off of me!” Peter shoves Deadpool off, a little harder than he needs to, but he’s really pissed now. “Look, I don’t know if this is some sort of sick joke to you, but I’m trying to save our skins.”“It won’t work,” Deadpool says, resuming his earlier position of nonchalance.“What do you mean it won’t work?” Peter snaps, so infuriated that out of all the people he could be stuck with, it has be the one that so indifferent to human life including his own.“It won’t work.” Deadpool repeats. He then sighs and reaches a hand up to gesture at various points in the mangled remains of the warehouse. “I’ve been in enough collapsed buildings before to know that anything you touch runs the risk of us being squashed like a bug, or a spider in your case, get it? Plus, I already tried while you were knocked out for forever, Sleeping Beauty.”“Oh,” Peter says, any glimmer of drive he’s had deflating out of him like a balloon. But then realization strikes: “Wait, if you were conscious this entire time, why you were on top of me when I woke up?”“Uh, duh.” Deadpool shrugs. “Who’d pass up a chance to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Hurt/Comfort
Trapped
Angst
Self-Sacrifice
Temporary Character Death
Forced Proximity

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

