Chapter 1: Needy Petey
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter was on his knees, naked, hands behind his back as he held open his abused and sore entrance. His tight ring of muscle was so loose that when he relaxed Wade could see him gaping and it made his cock throb. Wade lubed up his cock and walked closer to the bed. “What was that baby boy?” “P-Please fuck me, Daddy,” Peter was bright red to the tips of his ears and Wade couldn’t have imagined it any better. He kneeled onto their bed and rubbed the head of his cock against Peter’s hole, growling possessively when Peter whined for him. Wade had always felt possessive of Peter. He desperately wanted to make claim to him. To mark him up and let the world know that Peter was taken by him. To let them know that if anyone tried to lay a finger on his sweet baby boy they wouldn’t live to see how their head would feel literally shoved up their own ass. “Wade, that was sweet but the only thing that needs to be shoved up any ass, is your cock up mine,” Peter smiled innocently and Wade actual had a little color to his cheek as he pushed into his boyfriend.[He’s so sexy! Fuck him until he cries!]-Show him that he’s ours while we still can.-Wade agreed with himself as he shoved into Peter clutching his hips and pushing in as deep as he could. Peter wailed and tore apart the sheets, fuck it was so hot when he used his real strength. Wade began rocking his hips, looking down at the site of Peter’s fucking incredible ass against his own abs as he bottomed out. The way Peter’s ass stretched around his cock was so hot. Wade pushed in completely, moving a hand up to rub against Peter’s stretched hole, chuckling darkly when Peter sobbed brokenly. Wade started thrusting nice and steady, loving the way Peter’s inner walls would squeeze him as he pulled out. Wade moved his hands all along Peter’s sides, squeezing his ass, feeling the curve of his spine, admiring all of his beautiful unscarred skin. Wade leaned down, licking over the freckles on Peter’s shoulders. Peter whimpered and Wade could have bottled that sound, it would have been great spank bank material especially on jobs. The smaller man rocked back against his cock making Wade grunt. He slapped a hand down on Spidey’s ass, loving the sharp sound it made and the way Peter whined. “Let Daddy take care of you, baby boy. I know you want to be split apart by me but you need to be patient,” Wade spoke down to Peter, loving how it made his boyfriend blush. Peter made the sweetest little noise that sounded so embarrassed and broken and Wade groaned, moving his way down Peter’s back, licking over each of his little freckles. They were so cute and Peter may have been bitten by a spider and could lift tons with his bare hands but to Wade he was still so delicate and so precious. As Wade made it to the small of his back, Peter arched and the angle had the large head of Wade’s thick cock pressing right against his prostate and Peter cried out. “Uhhh Daddy! Please, please fuck me. I’ll do anything! I’ll suck your cock and stay on my hands and knees, following you around because I need it, Daddy. I need to come!” Wade smirked so wide his teeth showed in an almost carnivorous way. He put a hand between Peter’s shoulder blades, pushing him down into the mattress as he bucked his hips. “I never knew you had it in you, fucking eager slut. You think about me fucking you all day don’t you? When your in class, it’s me throwing you over a desk and when you’re out on patrol, it’s on a rooftop.” Peter nodded and Wade reached up to tug Peter’s head back by his hair, “When did you get so fucking desperate?” Peter was panting hard now as Wade was pounding into him roughly. “When you made me this way,” Peter replied in just a whisper, locking eyes with Wade and it was too much. Wade held Peter’s head down and fucked him hard, the mattress squeaking in protest and the headboard banging against the wall. Thank fucking god the merc had rented out the apartment next to Peter’s own. Wade leaned down, sucking on Peter’s neck to leave dark hickes as he reached below the smaller man to wrap a hand around his sticky cock. A few tugs and Peter was coming in his hand, onto the sheets and Wade pumped his own hips through Peter’s orgasm. The way he clenched around his cock had Wade spilling into Peter’s fantastic heat with a low groan.Peter smiled dreamily. He sighed and rocked his hips back as Wade jerked his hips against him loving the feeling of his boyfriend coming inside him. Wade groaned and moved both of his hands down to knead and squeeze Peter’s ass. “Fuck you're so good, baby boy.” Peter hummed and looked back at Wade, “Kiss me, please?” Wade didn't hesitate to lean down, “Anything for Daddy’s sweet Spidey.” Wade nipped his lips and kissed Peter deeply, pushing his tongue into his mouth. Peter sucked softly on Wade’s tongue, whimpering loudly when Wade pulled out of him. Wade grunted into
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Dom/sub
Domestic
Established Relationship
Smut
Maybe Plot? Idk I just love these nerds
Size Kink
Rimming
Aftercare
Peter is a precious freckle covered babe
Body Worship
Multiple Orgasms
Superhero stamina am I right? ;)
Phone Sex
ass worship
Dirty Talk
Light Bondage
Voyeurism
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

