Chapter 1





Chapter Text
32557038 woke to an ominous sensation of wetness, and an even more ominous throb of pain at his temples--punishment arriving even before he grasped his transgression. The cause soon became obvious: he was lying on a blanket, under another, with his head on a pillow. He was collared, but otherwise unrestrained and alone.Worse, he had pissed all over the soft blankets he had dared to wrap himself up in. There would be no concealing what he had done. The punishment was already beginning, the pain in his head intensifying with every beat of his heart. He crawled awkwardly away from the scene of his crime, his belly and thighs wet with the evidence of what he had done. He scrambled toward his cage. He might not be punished more than what was already starting if he showed proper remorse. If he put himself away where he belonged. 32557038 tugged the door of the cage shut after him until the lock engaged with a click, and curled up there on his side. He tried to breathe through the rising throb of pain; his breath left him in little voiceless puffs that could have been keening cries of pain, but he had long since learned better than to make a sound.He knew better than to leave his cage. He knew better than to sleep in a soft bed when his master was not there requiring his service.His master...32557038 turned his head, feeling the weight of the collar fastened around his throat. Through the throbbing pain the memory came into focus: his master had fastened the collar there last night.His new master. His new master, who had new rules.32557038 froze in abject horror, opening his eyes to look out of the cage at the pillow and blankets.His master had told him he could only wear the collar if he rested his head on the pillow. 32557038 had left the pillow and couldn't get back to it, having locked himself into his cage. He should have lain in his own piss all night; his master had told him to lie there. His master had granted him that place as a reward and he had spurned it, soiled it. He had been ungrateful--he had disobeyed--32557038 wound his fingers into his hair and tugged hard as the punishment clamped down, an invisible brutal weight crushing in on his temples. Lights flashed around him, inescapable despite his closed eyes. Surveillance was capturing everything he had done, showing his master how effective the automated punishment was. He writhed under the pain, expecting his skull to fracture under the pressure any moment, waiting for the blood pounding in his ears to burst out. Instead he heard a door open.32257038 froze."Hey," his master said softly. "Hey, Threetoo, what's--"You're allowed to look, his master had said. You're allowed to answer. If it hurts, flap your hand.He had never rescinded any of those orders. Threetoo forced his eyes open despite the pain and the fear of worse things that must follow from his flagrant disobedience. His master was crouched outside his cage again. He was dressed very differently than last night, in worn jeans and layered t-shirts. The sneakers he wore were battered, his hair disheveled. He was holding a cup of steaming coffee. 32557038's mouth watered at the rich, sweet smell; at the same time he was sure that it was about to be thrown at him, scalding him. He flinched back, flapping his hand as he did for the pain he was already in and the anticipation of more.His master frowned and set the coffee aside, reaching up to unlock the cage with a few quick taps of his fingers. "Hey, hey--what's--hey, Threetoo, come closer, come here."Threetoo breathed out hard through his nose but pushed himself forward. He would obey, he would submit. He was still flapping his hand with every pulse of pain, so that his master would understand that the punishment was progressing."Hey," his master repeated. "Shit, what--okay, hey, here--"His master's hand curled gently around the back of Threetoo's head, fingers rubbing softly against his scalp. Threetoo's breath stopped at the warm, soothing sensation of his master's gentle touch. "Okay, I need you to help me reconstruct events," his master said softly. "That's data that we need so we'll know how to proceed. Remember we talked about data last night?"Threetoo blinked up at his master. His master looked down at him, waiting for an answer. Threetoo did remember about data--good data was important. Threetoo nodded cautiously."Okay, good, good answering." His master held up one finger. "That's one reward so far today, okay? I'm gonna keep count while we're doing this, and you'll get the rewards in a little while. Do you understand that? Show me the number we've counted so far."Threetoo stopped flapping his hand and held up one finger.His master smiled and raised another finger. "Good, perfect. Make it two."Threetoo cautiously raised a second finger beside the first."All right. Now--you were flapping your hand, you're hurting?"Threetoo nodded, although his master's touch eased the worst of the punishment-pain, banished the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
Sexual Slavery
Dehumanization
Amputee Bucky Barnes
Ableist Language
Food Issues
Weight Issues
Hurt/Comfort
Gentleness
Cuddling & Snuggling
Hand Feeding
Blankets
Robots

fandom: 
None
