Chapter 1: Motion to Appoint  Counsel
    


Notes:
 Warning: this chapter contains a single mention that rape occurs in prisons.




Chapter Text

 ‘At about 9PM last night, terror struck just outside of Fraunces Tavern, a popular bar and grill in Brooklyn, New York. Two men were killed and two others seriously injured. Eyewitnesses claim a man attacked the group, including Gwen Stacy, the girlfriend of one of the deceased. The man, Steven Rogers, bludgeoned the men to death in a violent passion before surrendering to cops when they arrived. Today, we’ll talk to some of the eyewitnesses and discover, just how terrifying this brutal killing was. I’m Shirleen Allicot and this is ABC 7, Eyewitness News.’ 

 -Shirleen Allicot, ABC 7 Eyewitness News, New York, New York (2015). 
Bucky checks into the prison, flashing his badge and signing the check-in sheet at the front window. “How’s it goin’, Sam?” he asks the woman sitting behind the glass.“Same ol, same ol,” she replies easily, looking up at him with her tacky blue eyeshadow and red curly hair. Bucky’s pretty sure she’s been working at the prison for as long as it’s been in existence. She’s a lovely lady and despite her ‘I’m a crazy cat lady’ looks, she’s kind and does a lot for Bucky when she can. So he doesn’t judge.“See ya,” he speaks before listening to the blaring alarm that signals the doors are momentarily unlocked for him. He’s ushered into the prison, walking along with one of the guards and moving through the halls easily.“You think he’ll crack this time? Cut a deal?” the guard asks.“Fuck if I know,” Bucky answers, shrugging. “Guy’s a fucking rapist.”“He’s your client?”“Doesn’t mean I’ve gotta like ‘im,” Bucky shoots back, his brow creasing when he sees his client sitting at the table. He looks smug as always. Bucky sometimes hates the clients he takes, but for every six he knows are guilty, there’s always that innocent one. The one he really wants to advocate for and make his job defending rapists and murderers worth it.Bucky sits down, pulling out the guy’s file. Licking his lips obsessively, Bucky scans over the material before looking up. “State’s cuttin’ you a deal if you plead guilty.”The guy sniffs, seeming unfazed. “Bitch was drunk.”“Bitch is suing you in civil court too, you really want twenty years in this shithole on top of scrambling to find a way to pay her off?” Bucky responds, his eyes darkening as he watches this guy. Rugged jawline, purpling eyes. He’s getting beat up in here. “You’re too small. You’ll get eaten the fuck alive in here for that long. State’s willing to give you five in county jail. That’s easy living.”The guy tosses his head to the side, his lips twitching, clearly battling something in his head.“Look, I can argue all day that she was drunk and consent was granted, but this is New York and precedent isn’t easy for that. This state’s still pro-female in rape cases and with media pressure to not condone ‘rape culture,’ you’re really not looking at a good case. They got semen from you, you left scratches on her wrists and need I mention the bites?”The guy visibly cringes.“Admit it and move the fuck on, Erick. And stop calling your victim a ‘bitch.’ That doesn’t really look good to a jury. You really wanna spend twenty years getting your ass pounded in here? You know what they do to rapists right?”Erick looks up, his eyes round as shock is finally taking hold of him– reality setting in.“They rape you just as bad.”
 Carol Danvers @CaptainCarolD – 45min
What a sick fuck! Bail denied! Good #RottenRogersMack Mackenzie @MackMackenziee – 23min
Seriously? Denied bail?? This guy was SAVING someone! #RescueRogersGrant Ward @HailHyGrant – 12min
@MackMackenziee And he BASHED someone’s face in? Glad bail’s denied. #RottenRogersAn hour later and a plea bargain signed, Bucky walks down the halls, pausing despite his guard-usher when he sees a scuffle in one of the halls locked away from him by bars. There’s a blond in the middle; he’s swearing up a storm and threatening that he’ll attack if the assailants get closer.They’re laughing at him, swarming around him like bees to honey.Bucky doesn’t know why he can’t walk away. He’s transfixed, watching the blond like he’s a caged animal. His face is sweet and Bucky wonders what such a sweet face did to get himself thrown into one of the temporary holding cells.The guard bangs on the bars, screaming at them to knock it off.The assailants look over, backing up but the blond doesn’t relax. He looks to Bucky, desperation and fear in those eyes. And Bucky– Bucky steps toward the bars and wraps his fingers around them, his mouth dropping open. That face, so scared, so sweet and maybe…
 ‘So innocent.’ 
“Mr. Barnes,” the guard says, jarring Bucky from his thoughts.Bucky turns, sniffing and following the guard down the hallway toward the exit. “You know about that blond?”“Sure. He’s big news right now,” the guard replies casually. He pauses, clearly prepping for sharing the story.Bucky stops too, le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Background Clint Barton/Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Alternate Universe - Lawyers
Lawyer Bucky Barnes
Defendant Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Sex Toys
Blow Jobs With Teeth
Forced Orgasm
Orgasm Denial
Flogging
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Kink Negotiation
Bondage
Heavy BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Humiliation
Social Media
Mentions of Violence
Trials
Secret Relationship
Falling In Love
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
angsty Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Angst
Moral Ambiguity
Mutual Pining
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Gay Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Multiple Orgasms
Nipple Play
Cock Cages
Panic Attacks
Subspace
Come Eating
Cock Warming
Wax Play
Switch Steve Rogers
Switch Bucky Barnes
Porn With Plot
Sounding

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Background Clint Barton/Bucky Barnes

