Work Text:
It had long become a routine at this point: Peter would walk into the bar (and yet they still checked his ID every time -- though he was beginning to think the bouncer was doing that as a joke), he would sit at one of the booths near the back, and he would watch. At first it had been completely spur-of-the-moment to follow Deadpool here. He'd ditched his costume for civvies in a nearby alley, hoping... hoping that maybe they could...
Talk.
Or something.
Yes, definitely something.
If he fucked this up as Spider-Man, Deadpool would be able to avoid him without much effort. If Peter Parker fucked this up, however... Spider-Man wouldn't get removed in the collateral. He wanted to still be able to be friends if the worst case scenario happened, and he didn't think that was possible as the masked vigilante.
So logically he came here, came to this bar that the other man frequented. It was actually pretty stalker-ish if Peter decided to be honest with himself, but he was trying  not  to do that. He just needed the courage to get up and talk to Deadpool, and... and it just hadn't happened yet. He had to order drinks to be allowed to loiter, and  then he felt like he had to drink them rather than just let them go to waste. Maybe, he'd thought, maybe the alcohol would loosen his nerves, make him more brave without a mask to hide behind.
This was just another night of the usual. He was still drinking, and still not talking to Deadpool. Great. Big surprise, there. Peter sighed and slumped his head into his hands.  Why  did he  keep doing this, again?
Wade Wilson had thought it was coincidence at first; the kid had come in roughly the same time as him twice, and that was cool. The scruffy-haired boy with glasses a bit too thick for his face was actually adorable -- but it had been well upwards of a month now. This was absolutely ridiculous. The masked man looked to the bartender and motioned to order two drinks. Despite what his comics said, Deadpool wasn't much of a beer drinker. He couldn't truly get drunk so why get something absolutely nasty? Two  sex on the beach  were thrust into his hands and he moved across the moderately busy floor.
He tapped the brunet on the shoulder twice before flopping down beside him. His voice was joking but even in his mild mood it was still somewhat gruff. "Here kid, s'on me. I know you're pro'lly new to your job an' feel nervous, but wow, you are  awful at surveillance. Who do ya work for? Shield? Hydra? A.I.M.?"
Now, Peter had been approached a few times by other people in the bar (after all, why sit alone if you  weren't  trying to hook up, right?), but it still startled him nearly shitless every time, especially since his health wasn't on the line so his Spidey Sense remained silent. He jumped and an interesting noise escaped him when a heavy hand was suddenly touching his shoulder. Something felt  wrong. His head was buzzing, but not just from the drinks. When he turned and saw that it was Deadpool, he was no less shocked -- in fact, he was  more. Was this  actually happening? He stared back exactly like it wasn't really registering with him just yet.
Deadpool  knew. He knew something was up, and Peter realized that was why he couldn't calm down, why that nagging hum in the back of his mind wouldn’t allow it. He felt even more like a prey animal caught in a trap when he realized that he'd been boxed in.
Oh,  shit.
"...Huh?"
Peter hadn't meant sputter dumbly like that, but...  what? Deadpool knew Spider-Man didn't affiliate with -- ...Oh.  Oh. No, Deadpool didn't know who he was right now, and obviously thought he was a spy. That had to be it.
"Well, uh, I'm  not," Peter started, waving his hands to gesture at himself while backing up against the wall. Oh God, that meant Deadpool had noticed him staring. For how long, though? Did he see it every single time? Damnit, damnit,  damnit. His face was alight with a flush that had nothing to do with the alcohol and it was quickly spreading down his throat. "I'm not," he tried again, but he couldn't seem to choke out any more words.
Deadpool watched the kid, the white eye-covers of his costume narrowing. He rolled up the edge of his mask to take a casual sip of his drink. "Uh-huh. An' I'm Mary fuckin' Poppins. You've been coming in here for a coupla months now, around the same time I do, an' you  always sit alone. Girls an' guys alike hit on your fine ass like you're a bottle of free booze, an' you still stay alone. Either you're a spy, or you got a thing for ugly-ass men in red who smell periodically of death."
Deadpool knew then that he wasn’t going to hurt the kid, even if he turned out to be a Hydra goon. The poor guy looked like he was nineteen with a fake ID, and he practically shook every time someone approached him. "Enjoy the drink -- I didn't poison it, I swear. I'd offer to take a sip of it to prove it, but if you've been watchin' me like a hawk for all this time, you probably know who I am, an' then you’d know I can't 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Smut
mentions of sexual abuse
Drinking
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Explicit Consent
nervous energy
they are both idiots tbh
rp to story
Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Feels
identity reveals
pls tell us if we need to add tags
nervous drinking
super strength
spideypoolexchange
they have their powers
Fluff
SO MUCH FLUFF
they are so sappy
and so are the authors
RP to Fic
top!Peter
Bottom!Wade
Top Peter
Bottom Wade
NSFW Art

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

