Work Text:
The ball comes hurtling past both defenders, who have been sleepwalking their way through the match so far, and Bucky throws himself on it at the expense of all the air in his lungs. The opposing striker almost runs him over in his haste to follow, but by then the ball is firmly in his gloves and not going anywhere he doesn't throw it."What the fuck was that?!" He's on his feet in a moment, hair coming out of the bun he'd scraped it into before kick-off as he screams at Rogers. The big blond is solid and usually stellar as a defender, but today between him and Wilson they might as well be sitting back and inviting the Snakes to score. "Open your fuckin' eyes you moron!""Suck my dick!" Rogers gives him the finger as he jogs backwards, because they're two-nil down and the entire team is starting to flag with the lack of morale. It's not even half time yet. "Just do your fuckin' job.""I wouldn't have to if you fuckin' did yours!" He kicks the ball as far away from Steve as possible, just out of spite. Whatever he does, it's not like he could make this shitshow worse.The Commandos and the Snakes have a rivalry going all the way back to the forties, and every time they play each other the pressure from the fans and management alike is enormous. They have serious sponsorship money that gets given and taken away based on the results of these matches, and today the Commandos are floundering like they're complete amateurs. Bucky doesn't even know what the hell most of the team is doing, but the ball keeps getting way too close to the penalty box for his liking.Rogers and Wilson are the last line of defence before Bucky, and the ball is never supposed to get as far as him if they're doing their jobs. Today they're seriously, seriously not, and Bucky knows he's going to be the one who gets shit from their manager over the two goals he's let in so far. Pierce is a calculating manager and a certified creep who's notorious for his explosive temper when his team don't play how he expects them to. Bucky's been slapped across the face by the guy before and he's in no hurry to be humiliated by the old man again. It's better than being felt up in the office, he figures, but he'd rather fly under the radar and not have to deal with any of it.If his team would do their fucking jobs, then he might not have to.By the time half time mercifully rolls around, the Commandos are four-nil down and Bucky might as well bend over for the reaming he's going to get from management over it. The prospect of more late-night 'tactic talks' with Pierce in his near future doesn't put him in the best mood, to put it lightly. He kicks a locker as soon as he gets into the locker room, leaving stud marks in the metal from his boot and barely drawing a glance from most of the disheartened team."Yeah, break your foot. That'll help." Barton, striker and the only player who's actually made an attempt on the opposing goal this half, deadpans as he towels sweat out of his hair."Might help you fuckin' play better." It's only muttered in passing, but Bucky hears Rogers running his smart mouth anyway. His hands are still sweaty from his gloves when he grabs Steve's shirt and shoves him up against the locker he's just assaulted, which actually does draw the attention of the rest of the team."I've been playing fuckin' fine, I've saved almost every shot that's come at me." He's close enough to feel Steve's breath on his lips, smell his sweat and feel his body heat, and it doesn't do a thing to get him less riled up. "Where the fuck were you?""Yeah, every shot but four." Steve sneers back, clearly just as pissed about the game as Bucky with spots of colour high on his cheeks. "Seems like you should be playing for the Snakes from where I'm standing.""Where's that? Staring in the other direction when the ball sails past your fuckin' head?!" Bucky shoves him into the locker again with a heavy rattle. He's this close to punching Steve or kissing him, he can't tell which with all the adrenaline and anger singing through his veins.He's half-hard. It's not unusual during a match, but he's not usually close enough to any of his teammates for them to feel it. And Steve can clearly feel it, because he's not pushing Bucky away or swinging for him. Rogers is a fighty son of a bitch and his quick temper makes him a liability for yellow cards even during friendlies, but with Bucky pressed up against him he's suddenly not fighting back, just staring him down like he can't tear his eyes away.They're both livid, both still breathless from exertion and ready to pound on each other to relieve the tension. Although probably not in a way they've ever done before."Alright, break it up." Pietro, zippy little European midfielder who's still young enough that he thinks locker-room brawls mean anything but pent-up aggression, is pulling them apart before they can do something they might regret in front of a room full of the rest of their team. "Go for a walk, Bucky. Get it toget
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Football | Soccer
Alternate Universe - Football
Alternate Universe - Sports
Angry Sex
Hate Sex
Dom Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky
Breathplay
Frottage
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Everyone is Mad
Alexander Pierce is a Creep
PWP
Dirty Talk
just filth tbh

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

