Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve has been trained in the bored professional look by the best. He’s practiced it, refined it, perfected it. He thanks god (or maybe Romanov) that he can fall back on that muscle memory. Because he’s on a floor of this building higher up than he's ever been before, sitting in an office that looks like it's made of money. There are bookshelves lining the walls filled with dark, leather-bound books and a large window along the back wall, showcasing the city skyline. Steve is sinking into the leather chair with its arms that come up to his shoulders and studiously not wiping the sweat off his hands. Agent Malik Harris sits in a matching leather chair next to him, looking smug, if a little twitchy around the eyes. Steve's pretty sure he's never been up here either.The T.V. screen sitting on the desk is turned to face them, and Alexander Pierce, self-assured and cool, hands clasped together at a desk in an undisclosed location, stares out at them. Steve's worked in this building for 2 years and this is the first time he's so much as heard mention of Alexander Pierce. But Harris' deferent attitude tells him everything he needs to know about the chain of command here, and the classification of wherever he's being transferred.“Agent Harris has been impressed by your dedication and intelligence,” Pierce says. “He tells me you've been doing good work, furthering our cause.”“Yes sir.”Pierce frowns, then leans forward fractionally. Steve feels like a mouse about to be swept up in the talons of an eagle. Or maybe a hawk.“Why did you join Hydra?”Steve wets his lips. Finally, someone fucking asks. He's practiced this.“I believe in peace, and I believe this organization is the only one capable—you, sir, are the only one capable—of making the tough decisions that need to be made before peace can become a reality.”Pierce smiles briefly. It could be fatherly, encouraging, if not for the coldness in his eyes. “We could use men like you on some central operations.”“I’m happy to be of use wherever I’m needed.”




Notes:


Title from Rivers and Roads by The Head and the Heart
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Assets & Handlers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Handler steve
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Modern Steve Rogers
Modern Steve
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
shrinkyclinks
Torture
Psychological Trauma
Aftermath of Torture
spy steve
Touch-Starved
Slow Burn
Mildly Dubious Consent
Just in that Bucky's poor brains are scrambled
and he wants to be touched
the slowest of burns
Prisoner of War
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
power bottom Steve
protect bucky barnes at all costs
Angst with a Happy Ending
Complete
Hurt/Comfort
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

