Chapter 1





Chapter Text
On their sixth day on the planet called Ernor, Steve and Tony got into a fight. It certainly wasn't their first, nor was it even the first they had had since arriving here. But it was the first one that other people, including their alien hosts, witnessed.They were standing in the tiled hall that led to their guest quarters, face to face, angry tension sparking in the air between them. Steve was vaguely aware that some of the natives were standing not too far away, looking uncomfortably at anywhere but the angry humans, trying to pretend they were not seeing this. He didn't really care, though. Later he would, but not right then."We don't belong here," Tony said for the tenth time that week. "We need to go home.""These people invited us here," Steve said, also for the tenth time. "They requested our help.""No," Tony said, "they didn't. Thor volunteered us. They had never even heard of Earth or the Avengers until he opened his big mouth.""That doesn't matter," Steve said stubbornly. He had long since gotten tired of saying the same thing over and over. "They need our help in the fight against Thanos. Are we really going to turn our backs on them when they need our help?""We're turning our backs on our own planet, being gone this long!" Tony shouted. "Or did you forget that we're marked for destruction too, after what happened in New York?""No one is turning their back on Earth!" Steve shouted back. "And anyway how could I forget, with you reminding me every half an hour?""Every half an hour?" Tony repeated flatly."It might as well be," Steve said. "You've made your point. Over and over. Why do you insist on being so melodramatic?""Oh, hey," Tony retorted, "what's this? The great Captain America doesn't recognize melodrama? How can that be? You practically invented it, with your propaganda films and your posing for trading cards." His eyes narrowed. "So actually I'm just descending to your level, Cap. I thought that way you might actually listen to me for a change."Steve resisted the urge to deck him, and sighed. "Really, Tony?"And believe it or not, that was the high point of the argument.****It wasn't like Steve didn't understand what Tony was saying. He knew that they were taking a chance by remaining here, leaving the Earth undefended while they helped the Ernorran people arm themselves and prepare for the invasion that was coming. But he could not turn away from them. Not as long as he was in a position to help them. Thanos was out there, collecting more armies like the Chitauri as he threw power around left and right, taking over world after world in his bid to rule the galaxy. The Avengers had stopped him once before, on Earth. Now they meant to stop him again, on this world.That evening he was summoned to the Matriarch's private chambers.He was curious, but unafraid. Although he had spoken with her before, he usually spent this time meeting with the Matriarch's closest advisers and high-ranking soldiers in the War Room, discussing the day's events and what progress they had achieved. He decided that she must want to speak with him alone, and hear things in his own words instead of having the news filtered through her advisers.The War Room was rather small and poorly lit – an oddly familiar setting for Steve. In contrast, the Matriarch's chambers were large and airy, and filled with light. Discreet armed guards stood sentry along the walls, protecting the Matriarch where she sat in a tall chair that rivaled her throne for elegance.And she was not alone. Someone else stood before her – Tony Stark.Unconsciously Steve stood up straighter as he took his place beside Tony. Since Thor had introduced him as the Avengers' leader, he had been awarded many honors and privileges by these people. But the Matriarch had always insisted on seeing him alone, saying dismissively on the first night that the other Avengers, while no doubt mighty warriors, were beneath her.She did not seem pleased tonight. "I will speak with you, Captain." She looked at Tony. "And with you, Man of Iron."Steve inclined his chin in a show of respect that was not quite a bow. "Yes, ma'am.""All right," Tony said easily. As far as Steve knew, it was the first time he had been allowed in here, but if he was at all impressed by the grandeur of the Matriarch's chambers or the weaponry currently surrounding them, he did not show it. "I have watched you and your Avengers as you labor to save my people," she said, "and I am not ungrateful. However, I am troubled by the strife I see within your own ranks." She leveled a stern look at Steve and Tony.Steve returned her gaze without flinching – but it was not easy to do. He was ashamed that there had been witnesses to their argument this afternoon. He didn't fool himself into thinking that it would be the last time, but he vowed that in the future any disagreements he had with his team would take place in private."I am given to understand by the Prince of Asgard that your team
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Blindness
deafness
Magic
Action/Adventure
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

