Chapter 1



Summary:

Loki's return to Asgard leads him to being ignored. However, things start to unravel and soon, far too unexpectedly, a certain golden haired king realizes his desires and sets about finding his place in Loki's heart.





Chapter Text
"Watch it" Loki muttered to his accomplice "You're destroying our balance."His 'partner in crime', a clone of himself, held the ladder steady at his command. It didn't say anything. They were standing inside the great hall where preparations for dinner were about to be made. The doors nearly reached the roof and so did the ladder Loki had stolen. Should he fall, the resulting injury would be spiteful.Since his return to Asgard, nothing had been the same. He'd been held in the prison longer than he could remember and was returned only when Odin stepped down.That had been two hundred years ago. Whatever havoc he had wreaked on Earth had long had been confined to history books and more or less forgotten. What crimes he had committed were not. Therefore, after his initial sentence ended and he was released, his shackles remained on his wrists, binding his magic. Or most of it. Loki had managed to cast a few harmless spells about but he wasn't about to tell anyone.  Loki held the thick sack of cement over the door and held on to it, muttering the small spell he discovered the shackles failed to extinguish. The sack began to levitate, slowly lifting from his grasp.The clone flickered and Loki looked down at it, concentrating. It faltered to life again."That's better" Loki said "Now hand me..." he cut off abruptly as the door swung open and his unfinished trap was triggered. Loki cursed and tried to catch the sack he had been positioning on the door but it was too heavy for him to stop, leaning off the ladder as he was.There was a soft thud as the cement sack collided and a louder thud as the unfortunate soul slumped to the floor."I told you to lock the door!" Loki muttered and slid down the sides of the ladder to see his victim. His clone vanished in a flicker and he was alone again.The Trickster peered down at his cement covered and unconscious victim."By Odin's beard" Loki muttered "I think I killed him."***"So he doesn't remember anything?" Sif asked"No, I do not" the man they called Thor replied in an annoyed voice. They had been talking about him as if he wasn't there.Well you can't blame us, you're almost not.Loki glanced at him then back at the healer "It is temporary is it not?""Perhaps, my Prince. His majesty just needs to have his memory triggered by something. A sight, smell, touch or taste." The healer said. "Or it may simply wear off with time. Physically, he is fine there is nothing more I can do for him.""How about a spell?" Sif asked, pointedly ignoring Loki "is there nothing our sorcerers can do?"The healer glanced at Loki before speaking "There are a few spells that tamper with the mind, but our sorcerers have not advanced to that level yet. The only one who can is....""Currently disabled" Loki provided, smiling humorlessly "How quaint.""Thank you" Sif said, turning to face Thor.Thor looked impatient. He had his arms crossed and was leaning against the wall in a way that reminded her of the old Thor. The one before Loki's betrayals. As she watched him, he gave her a smile that could have melted half of Jotunhiem."Well" she said when the healer left them in privacy "I guess we have to reacquaint you, our King your life.""We?" Loki asked, standing from the bed he was leaning against "There is no 'we', my lady. But you can attempt it.""It's your fault he's in this mess, Loki" Sif broke her apparent vow of silence against him "You wiped his memory clean."Loki stopped and turned, arms crossed over his chest. "Is it?""Yes" she walked over to him "You made this mess, you fix it. I am otherwise preoccupied or I would have done it myself today. Help him.""Why should I?" Loki challenged "You can't make me."Sif looked like she was about to hit him when Thor spoke."I can"They both turned to him."What?" Loki asked"I gathered that I am king" Thor explained "And as such, I can command you. So I order you to help me."Loki narrowed his eyes slightly "But&#133;""Excellent" Sif smiled suddenly, before Loki put his silver tongue to good use "Then his majesty is yours for the day."Her smile vanished when she turned to Loki "No dirty tricks, my prince."She left before he could reply to that and that left him and Thor alone.He turned to his king."So," Thor smiled "Let us start with you.""Me?" Loki asked dryly."Yes, what is our scenario?" Thor inquiredLoki bowed "You are my king. I am nothing but a faithful subject""He called you Prince" Thor pointed to where the healer had stoodLoki smiled, but it didn't reached his eyes "Among many things, I am that."Thor frowned at the response, but let it go. If there was something important there, he would know about it later.He straightened and walked past Loki, into the hall. "Then let us get reacquainted, Prince Loki."***"Who
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Pseudo-Incest
Attempted Rape
Loki Feels
Thorki - Freeform
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

