Chapter 1



Summary:

In which accepting something doesn't mean you are over it.



Notes:
Hello, friends i have something very important to tell: PLEASE STOP READING THIS
IM REWRITING THE THING
⇨ ☞ HERE ☜ ⇦
i mean, you can keep reading it if you really wanna, but the new version is coming up prettier uwuORYou can take a look to the Table of Contents and read a spin-off of this 'verse (beware the spoilers).

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Shizuka wakes up in the hospital. The car had impacted the taxi on her side. Her little brother was sitting next to her, but if she is ok he must be too, has to be ok too… Except she doesn’t have a little brother. And she has never travelled by automobile, never mind a taxi. She wasn’t coming home from aboard. Her brother didn’t pick her up at the station. She entered her house and the bodies of her parents where there… there was a lot blood on the streets. Her brother had- Itachi had- he was a traitor. No. He wasn’t. Because he was ordered to do it. And she wouldn’t have found out until after his death…This is so absurd that she’s skipping disbelief completely and just go directly to anger. She will also skip all the way down to acceptance, but right she’s just going to carry on while being very, very angry because people where very stupid and it messed up her life. And it could have messed her up very hard, if not for the bizarre reaction to the Tsukuyomi that made her remember a past life in another reality. Thank you Eli, for having been such a Naruto fan and saving Shizuka of doing all the shit Sasuke did. And now she needs to plot. She needs to plot really hard, but she needs to know how accurate what she remembers is. She needs information. She needs a concerned responsible adult who will answer questions. What is a good way to attract the attention of a concerned adult?She thinks of her parents, she thinks of her cousins, her uncles and aunts, all the members of her clan that where loosely related to her, that she didn’t know that now she would never know. She thinks of her brother who is a murderer and a martyr. She also thinks about Eli’s little brother and how she will never know if he was ok, about how Eli’s family lost their daughter. About all that is to come. And cries. She will mourn for a bit right now. And she will use this. She will use her pain and the memories to suit her purposes and eventually people.will.pay.~✦~The nurse that comes is a responsible concerned adult but she won’t say anything, so Shizuka cries a bit more, begs a little and eventually the nurse goes to fetch someone who can tell her answers.~✦~The nurse comes back with the Hokage and then leaves them alone to talk.Shizuka doesn’t want to talk to the Hokage because a) he won’t let anything scape he doesn’t want her to know, and b) he’s a person likely to notice that there’s something off with her and that she knows too much– but who else was she expecting? And she is just deluding herself if she thinks it would be easy to extract information of some other ninja. And ROOT is probably watching. So she will bear it, and she will try to act as 7 years old Shizuka who witnessed something terrible but doesn’t know anything, and she will learn of him as much as she cans. She will do with what she has and she will succeed.He tells her that he’s sorry for her lost and then asks her what happened. She can do this. She steels herself –she hopes that it looks like that she does it to prepare herself to recall something awful –, she wraps herself in the clueless Shizuka from before, and she tells her tale.    She apparently passes the test.Then she asks her questions: what will happen with the bodies of her family, they will have a proper burial, right? They will be burnt, right? Will she have to organise it? To wash them and dress them as she’s the only left to do it? She wants to. She does! Really! She wants to do right to her clan, it’s her duty to send them off. At least can Hokage-sama see that they are tended properly? Will he promise to see to it himself? And what will happen to her? Where will she go? What happens to her house and the houses of her family? And someone needs to do something about the pet birds trapped in their cages before they die! And to take care of the ponds and see if there isn’t dogs and cats trapped in the houses… she doesn’t want them to die too… and they are going to catch Itachi, right? He can’t go free, they must catch him.The Hokage does promise to see that the bodies of her clan will the treated properly –and she hopes that her half-hysterical and tearful questioning makes him feel bad and guilty enough to see himself the bodies and realise that some lack eyes –, he tells her that some teams will be sent to clean and that they’ll be told to round up animals and close down houses and locals and that everything will go to her. He promises that they will do everything possible catch Itachi. But about what is t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Self-Insert
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Self-Indulgent
writing this makes me feel 10 years younger but in a good way
Original cat characters - Freeform
now with original characters that aren't cats
this will get even more self-indulgent
Canon-Typical Violence
discontinued but with closure
OMAKES
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Shizuka is AU!Sasuke

fandom: 
None
