Work Text:
Darcy was too curious for her own good. This was a Fact.
Which was why, when she heard what she was pretty sure was a fight, she pulled out her taser and went to investigate instead of, oh,  running the other way.
She’d been right about the source of the noise, but she’d  seriously  underestimated the scale of the fight and the skill of the fighters. She’d been expecting a couple of drunks duking it out. Instead, she found five guys in tactical gear, with weapons both in hand and strapped to various parts of their bodies, all trying—and  failing—to take down a hobo. Five more of the guys were already out for the count, and in the time she stared in shock, another one went down. She was fully prepared to back away slowly when the BAMF hobo’s arm caught the light.
His  metal  arm.
Which meant these guys were probably Hydra.
She gulped and took a more secure stance. “Hey, morons!” she yelled as she fired her taser. That caught their attention—and, thankfully,  Bucky Freaking Barnes  disabled the last three before they riddled her with holes.
“Who are you?” he asked, sounding suitably suspicious and threatening.
With the ease of long practice, she ignored the fact that he’d said her all-too-common Words. “I’m a friend of a friend of a friend. Which is… basically meaningless, but whatever. Do you need any help?”
His eyes fixed on her for a moment, then darted away again, looking for signs of danger.
“A getaway car, maybe?” she suggested helpfully.
His eyes flicked towards her again, and she decided to take that as a yes. She pulled her keys out of her purse. “Here,” she said, tossing them in his direction. “My car’s parked on the street around the corner—the white four-door sedan. It’s a piece of crap, but it’s also pretty inconspicuous, so that’s something.”
He stared at the keys for a long moment, then nodded sharply and moved in the direction she’d pointed. Just before he rounded the corner, he stopped and looked back at her. “Catch a bus, a train, call a friend, something. Just get out of town before they come looking for you.”
She shivered, and nodded as he disappeared from view.
 
 
Darcy had had every intention of heading straight to New York. That was the plan, and she was pretty sure it was a good one. The Avengers were in New York.  Jane  was in New York. 
Darcy didn’t have enough in her bank account to get to New York, and she wasn’t sure using her credit card was a great idea.
So, instead, she was on a bus to D.C., where she would hopefully be able to do… something.
First on the list being  buying a freaking charger, because her phone had died without her noticing, and she didn’t have  anyone’s  phone number memorized. She was going to change that, but first she had to have a working cell phone. Only… how was she supposed to find a store without her phone? Jeez, how did people do  anything before smartphones?
She never had to find out, though, because when she got off the bus,  Captain America  was waiting for her. She stood stock-still for a moment before the impatient crowd sent her stumbling towards him. “How did you find me?” she asked. “My phone’s dead. Not,” she continued hurriedly when his eyebrows shot up, “that I’m not happy to see you here. I just… didn’t expect it.”
“Tony put a tracker in your taser,” he told her bluntly. “It activated when you fired it. Once he tracked you to your bus, I got the call, since I was already in D.C.”
“Oh,” she said intelligently. “That… makes sense.”
“Can I ask why you didn’t just take your car?”
“Oh, I—” She stopped, brow furrowing. Bucky hadn’t  said she couldn’t tell anyone, but… the fact that he was running from Steve indicated that he didn’t want to be found. “I, uh, gave it away,” she said carefully. “To someone who needed it more than I did.”
He frowned at her. “Who was it?”
She shook her head.
“Darcy,  who?”  he asked, but it looked like he’d already put “needed to use her taser,” “needed to get out of town quickly,” and “won’t say who has her car” together.
“I don’t think he’d want me to tell you,” she said, because there weren’t many pictures those pieces would make and she wanted to explain  why she wasn’t telling Captain America that she’d seen his (missing) best friend.
“And what if he’s in trouble?” he asked, confirming her suspicions. “What if he gets captured again? Darcy—”
“Do you really want to be the one to ‘capture’ him?”
He flinched. “That’s not—”
“He knows where you are and that you’re his friend. He’ll come when he’s ready.”
“‘Preciate that,” an unexpected voice said. “And thanks for trying to cover for me, even if you are a  terrible  liar.”
Steve swung around, and stared incredulously at the man he’d spent months trying to find.  “Bucky?!” 
“Hey, Steve,” the Winter Soldier replied with something that might almost be called a smile. Then he glanced around, his expression becoming serious. “You two need to get going, and so do I.”
“Bucky? You’re not…?”
He shook his head. “She’s safe now.”
“What?” Darcy asked, surprised.
He shr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff and Crack
Inspired by Music
Protective Bucky Barnes
Awesome Darcy Lewis
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

