Chapter 1: In Which Peter Gets Tacos (and they make a reappearance)
    




Chapter Text
Peter had learned to be very, very careful.
 It wasn't that he didn't want the help that people would no doubt offer him (though it would be extremely helpful, he supposed) but rather that he didn't want them to know. It was a tough thing to tell people that you needed help with anything, and there were a few things that were harder than normal to admit. Money was a big one for most people, as was home life, things like that.
 And while Peter certainly struggled with money, it wasn't the money part of it that was causing him problems, per say. Nope, Peter had some more difficult struggles, and didn't want or know how to tell anyone.
 Didn't know how to tell his friends and family that he was starving.
 And not in the metaphorical 'Oh damn, I haven't eaten since this morning, I'm starving!' way. In the 'I haven't had regular meals in longer than I can remember and I realized recently that I can count my ribs far too easily' sort of way.
 Oh, he managed to get by most days by finding other places to eat other than his rundown apartment. This generally involved stopping by to see Aunt May, or going by the Tower to see his friends and go to meetings. Through this method he usually got a good meal at least three times a week. The other meals, though... those were the problems.
 On a typical day you could find several packs of ramen noodles buried in Peter's empty cupboards, and so he'd eat those whenever he had to. He was by far sick of ramen, but when you had barely two cents to rub together, you took what you could get. But even with this, usually by pay day he'd been out of food for several days and scrounging where he could.
 How pathetic was he? What would New York think if they found out that Spiderman couldn't even afford to buy food? He knew that Jameson would have a field day with that, so he vowed never to let them find out - padding the suit wasn't too difficult, and something that he managed to do with materials Tony had been more than willing to give him. He'd asked the inventor under the guise of beefing up the suit so it would protect him better, and Tony had happily provided him with the synthetic Kevlar armor that was used in the Captain America uniform.
 A few strategically sewed pads later, and it wasn't too obvious that Spiderman was getting thinner by the day.
 When Deadpool found out, though, that was when things started to change.
 Out of all the people that he saw on a day to day basis, Wade was one that he generally avoided. It wasn't that he didn't like the merc - actually, he quite enjoyed his company on most days - it was just that he was too damn nosy. He liked to know everything that was going on in Peter's life, and his eyes had a habit of being glued to whatever bit of the hero he could see.
 If anyone was going to notice his weight loss, it would be Deadpool.
 This particular incident happened late into the night (or early, depending on how you looked at it) while Peter was sitting on the edge of a building near a main street. It had been a quiet few nights, which was nice, but at the same time boring. The young man groaned faintly, hunching forward as his stomach gave a particularly violent ache inside him.
 Food... god, he was so hungry. He'd had ramen earlier, but that hadn't done much to change the hunger gnawing at his insides. The last full, real meal he'd had had been nearly four days ago, and he'd ended up throwing up much of it because he'd let the hunger take control and had eaten too much and too fast.
 Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to be out here. He could smell food.
 Wait... He really could smell food. Mexican. Tacos?
 ....Deadpool?
 "Well lookie here, if it isn't my favorite Spider!"
 Peter whipped around in slight surprise - how had the merc gotten up here without him noticing? - and had to slap a hand onto the ground to stop the swaying, tilting world. Ooo, dizzy spell. He hadn't had one of those in a little while. "Wade, what are you doing here?" he demanded, doing his best to get his bearings back.
 The grin was visible even through the red and black mask, and Peter settled as the merc came to sit beside him. "I was walking along, and looked up and saw feet! At first I was confused because feet didn't belong up there, but then I recognized the feet, and they were you! So I decided to come and see you, and I just happened to have tacos! Want some?"
 Before he could even help it, Peter's mouth flooded and he reached out a hand. "Oh God, I might love you."
 Well he hadn't meant to say that.
 "Well damn, baby boy, if I had known tacos were the way to your heart, I would have done this a lot sooner!" Wade chirped, but he was more than happy to pass over the bag, watching as Peter practically ripped the mask up to his nose and shoved the first taco in his mouth. Deadpool clearly blinked at him behind the white lenses of his mask, tilting his head.
 "You know, it's not good to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Slow Burn
kind of
eventual spideypool
Hurt/Comfort
Peter keeps getting into trouble
Wade the Savior
Minor Injuries
some serious injuries
Maybe - Freeform
Starvation
mentions of eating disorders
More tags to follow
Sickness
Drowning
Child In Danger
probably inaccurate medical stuff

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

