Chapter 1: System
    




Chapter Text
There was a system. Tony wasn’t unaware of the system but he did actively avoid thinking about it because if he delved too deep he would see how much they truly cared and that scared him.
It was a good system, designed so that everyone got a turn and no one got a worn out or overwhelmed. They took turns feeding the genius and making him sleep. They avoided set schedules because the lives they lived weren’t conducive to such things but they did alter in some semblance of order. And they knew Tony could survive on his own but he was also their omega and they wanted to look after him. 
Society had shifted from centuries ago when omega’s were honored and cherished to make them little more than pack property. And if they didn’t have a pack then they ran the risk of being taken by any alpha or beta that wanted them and then discarded without a thought. Tony had spent his life being belittled as he clawed his way through school and work. He’d fought against everything, remaining without a pack for as long as possible so he could continue working. He was lucky, he’d found a pack that allowed him to continue working after he joined. However, he wasn’t sure how to let his pack take care of him – and they wanted to take care of him because the Avengers were an old-school pack.
“Tony?” called Clint. “You okay?”
“Fine,” bit out Tony, pacing his Hulk-like cage, all glass, round, and filtered air. It was utterly devoid of tools or anything to rip apart. It was, in a word, boring. “You?”
“Fine,” sighed Clint.
Everyone had their own cell identical to Tony’s, round and empty. With time and the correct anound of force Steve, Bruce, and Bucky could break out but Clint, Natasha, and Tony were in it for the long haul. Not that Tony seemed bothered, he kept sending discreet signs to the others on how the weakest point was the bottom near the door and what the code probably was to the others doors.
“I’m going to go insane,” whined Tony. “This is so boring. Like, do you think they were surprised that they actually captured us and are trying to decide what to do next? That would be really embarrassing. I bet they are like those dogs that chase cars but the moment they catch one they don’t know what to do.”
“Kindly shut your omega up or I will do it myself,” drawled a posh looking alpha in an expensive suit, marching through the industrial metal doors.
“Fuck you,” snarled Tony.
“Oh, I will,” said the man calmly. “But only after I get the information I need from your pack and have killed you. Then I will make your pack watch as I fuck your cold, dead, pliant body.”
“You sick son of a bitch!” yelled Tony.
“I do believe I told you to shut up,” sighed the man, pressing a button.
Water began pouring in from the ceiling and rising up from the ground. Tony froze before sending a panicked look at his pack. He didn’t do water, they knew that, they knew that on bad days if he had to shower then at least one of them had to be with him to keep him grounded. They knew that, so why weren’t they in there with him or stopping it? Already the water lapped at his shins.
“Um, guys?” said Tony softly.
“What do you want?” demanded Bucky, glaring at their captor.
“I want immunity in the upcoming trials regarding A.I.M.,” said the man – who Tony finally placed as Timothy Cane. “I want my name and all involvement erased. I don’t need you or any other form of the law snooping around in my business.”
“We can’t do that,” said Steve. “We don’t have that kind of power.”
“Then I guess you’re little omega will die for nothing,” shrugged Timothy, the image of disinterest. “Banner will find a computer under the fifth tile. If he is successful in deleting all evidence of my involvement then you all may go free. The doors will open and I’ll even let you take the omega’s body with you. I’d hurry if I were you.”
With that, Timothy left. Tony had water almost to his chest and was truly starting to panic.
“Tony, listen to me,” said Steve in his most alpha tone. “You’re going to be fine. Bruce is going to figure this out, you’re going to be fine.”
“Fuck this,” grumbled Bucky. “Nat, Clint, try to keep Tony calm. Steve, start trying to break out. Bruce, you have until I say to work on getting these doors open before Hulking out.”
“That’s a last resort,” said Bruce, typing away on the computer, not removing his eyes from the screen. “I’m not sure how well the Other Guy will behave right now.”
“Then hurry the fuck up,” snapped Bucky before slamming his metal arm against the clear wall.
The water was at his neck. Tony tried to focus on Clint and Natasha’s voices but as he started to clumsily tread water it became almost impossible. In just minutes the top of Tony’s head hit the ceiling. Shortly after that his cell was full. Tony stopped moving his limbs and opened his eyes. The water was clouded but clear enough that he could see his pack. They seemed to be yelling but the words were muffled through the water.
It would have been peaceful i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Everyone
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Kidnapping
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Beta Clint Barton
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Bruce Banner
Omega Tony Stark
Drama
Avengers Family
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Water
Torture
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Everyone
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

