Chapter 1: The Beginning
    




Chapter Text
Brock Rumlow sauntered into a gay nightclub in the heart of Downtown DC on the prowl. He wanted to find a gorgeous subby type to have a good rough time tonight. He liked this particular place. It was quieter than most clubs in the area and not filled with a bunch of queens howling on a stage. It was upscale and discreet. But, he didn’t give a shit about discretion. He was well known at Shield as Bi, but many patrons there were in various stages of coming out/personal acceptance. He didn’t concern himself with those issues. He just wanted a good fuck.
He stopped at the bar and ordered an aged scotch. As he turned around, he almost spit his drink out. There in a corner was Captain America himself. Steve fucking Rogers. The man was garnering a lot of attention. He appeared uncomfortable as he stood holding a beer. He ducked his head often, as some of the men were whispering in his ear. Definitely a bottom Brock thought. It seemed people were asking him to dance, but he was turning them down. For as long as Brock watched him, Steve did not choose anyone. What a cock tease. As he finished his scotch, Brock’s mind whirled with all the delicious possibilities that he would do to Captain America. By the man’s reaction, he clearly wasn’t comfortable with his sexuality. Brock did not care. He wanted Steve Rogers for himself. Brock snapped a few pictures with his cell phone. As he left the club with a raging hard on, Brock knew how he would proceed.

* 

“Secretary Pierce will see you now Agent Rumlow.”
Brock stood from where he was sitting. “Thank you.” He strode in to see Pierce ending a conference call. The older man waved him in.
Pierce spoke, “Secure office.” He stepped forward and embraced Rumlow. He whispered “Hail Hydra" and Brock repeated the mantra as well. He motioned for him to take a seat. There were not many attachments one could make with Hydra, but Brock was Pierce’s protégé. He plucked the orphan from Juvenile Hall when he was thirteen years old and turned him into one of Hydra’s best over the last thirty years. He gave Rumlow what he needed: purpose, order, a sense of belonging. Pierce considered him his son.
“I haven’t seen you up here in a while, my boy. If you’re coming to me, there must be something you want.”
Brock smiled as he looked at Pierce fondly. “I’ve been loyal to Hydra. A whole new world order will begin with Project Insight and I will always do my part.”
“But?” Pierce was not sure where he was going with this.
“No but. I wanted to know what your plans were with Rogers?” Brock asked.
Pierce seemed surprised by the question. He stood and walked over to Brock who subsequently stood as well. “He’s on the target list, Brock.” He paused. “Why?”
Brock’s eyes turned cold. “Launch isn’t for a bit right?” Pierce nodded. “I want him, Dad.”
Pierce smirked. There’s his ruthless little one. “Since when?”
“I saw him out a few nights ago. Can you imagine?  Captain America at a gay club!"  He laughed heartily.  "I snapped a few pictures of him.”
“Was he in any compromising positions?” Pierce asked.
“No, but I think him being there is enough for me to have a little fun.”
Alexander seemed to think for a moment. “Well, it will keep him distracted while we ready the launch. And you did ask so nicely.” He held his arms out and embraced his son. “I could never refuse you.”
“Thanks! It’ll be so fun.”
“Don’t let it interfere with work, Brock.”
“I won’t, Dad.” Brock said with a smile as he turned to leave.
“Have a good time, Son.” Pierce responded as he returned to his work.
TBC…
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Alexander Pierce & Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins
Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Virgin Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
HYDRA Trash Party
Dom/sub Undertones
Daddy Kink
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Dubious Consent
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
Domestic Violence
Self-Esteem Issues
Homophobic Language
Internalized Homophobia
Out of Character
Restraints
Fluff
Feminization
May not be a happy ending
just a warning
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Explicit Language
Steve Rogers Feels
Porn with little plot for now
More plot to come
Insecure Steve Rogers
Submissive Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve Rogers
Animal Play
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Protective Jack Rollins

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Alexander Pierce & Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins
Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow

