Work Text:
“You weren’t very good today, were you?”The words sink into Bucky’s bones like molten gold as Steve secures him to the post in the corner of the room. Naked and hard already. Ropes bound to his wrists and pulling his arms behind him. And for a little guy, Steve can tie a really great knot. Bucky gives a few testing tugs. Sure enough, it’d take a miracle to get away. “I asked you a question, James.” Steve steps in front of him again, and even though Bucky towers over him, that fierce look in Steve’s eyes makes him shudder. “I suggest you answer it.”Bucky swallows the rock in his throat and nods. “Yes, sir. Or… I… no, sir?”Steve flicks his eyebrows up and crosses his arms. He’s only got his slacks on -- too big and hanging off his hips -- and his pink nipples are taut and hard. “Wanna try that again?” He reaches out and gives one of Bucky’s nipples a hard pinch. Makes him hiss and wiggle against the post. “I wasn’t… good today, sir.” He winces under the torment of Steve’s fingers. He rolls and pinches and squeezes that nipple, making Bucky hold in a whine. “Ah fuck…”“Mm.” He’s not letting up on that nipple and Bucky fights the urge to curl around the pain. Attempt to at least. He can’t go anywhere cause he’s tied to a post. “And what’d you do?”Already starting to pant just from the agony of Steve’s fingers, Bucky whimpers and squirms which only causes Steve to take a tighter grip. A few tears tug at the corners of Bucky’s eyes.“I was…” Steve lets up a little if only to allow Bucky the chance to speak. “I was a tease. I was teasin’ ya.”“That’s right. First with that little stunt this morning.” When Bucky went out to shower and came back in dripping with only a towel around his waist. He knows that drives Steve mad. “And then this afternoon at the river.” They went swimming in the East River with ol’ Fruitfly and Skinny McGee, and Bucky was eye fucking Steve the whole time. They both knew it. “You like bein’ a tease, James?”Bucky whimpers. That’s the second time Steve’s called him James. This is not going to be a pleasant evening for him. Steve using his birthname never bodes well for his cock. “M’sorry, Stevie. I was… I was only foolin’ with ya.”“Foolin’ with me?” Steve glances up at him with this cruel little smirk on his thin lips. He gives one more hard twist to Bucky’s nipple before finally letting go. “Foolin’.” He lets out a fake laugh. “I like foolin’. I can fool around with you, too, then, hm?”Bucky releases some sort of noise that might fall somewhere between a whine and a whimper and a groan when Steve flicks his hard cock with his finger. His head falls forward as he jerks against the ropes, his dick bobbing up and down for a second or two. “This is what’s gonna happen tonight, James.” Steve drops to his knees and gives the head of Bucky’s cock one little kitten lick. “You do not have permission to come. If you do come without permission, I’m going to tickle that sensitive cockhead until you’re screaming. Understand?”Oh no.“Y-yes, sir.”“In fact, every time you’re close…” His peers up at him from down there. All sweet and innocent. “You’re gonna beg me…” Well, that’s not unusual. “To stop.” Oh that… that’s so… so… “All night long…” Bucky whimpers again. “Whenever you’re close, you’re gonna beg me not to make you come.”“Oh… Stevie, I…”“The only words outta that pretty mouth of yours better be I understand, sir.” Knocking his head back against the post, Bucky whines and mutters a few swears. He wiggles against the restraints just to feel the strain on his wrists.“I love you, Steve,” he whispers. Seems those words are okay to come out of his mouth, too. Steve smiles up at him and stands again. He gently runs his fingers across Bucky’s cheek. Bucky doesn’t get it. Doesn’t get what the world doesn’t see in Steve. In the beauty standing in front of him who pushes up on his toes to press a sweet and gentle kiss to his lips. “Love you, too, Buck.” Steve nuzzles his nose against Bucky’s collarbone before suddenly wrapping his hand around Bucky’s cock pressed between the two of them. He pulls a hard gasp from Bucky’s throat. “Now say you understand, James.”“Yes, yes!” he exclaims. “I understand!” Steve responds to that by dropping back down to his knees and wrapping his lips around Bucky’s dick. No warm up. No preamble. Just a hot, moist stretch around his dick that has him clamping down on his tongue to keep from shouting Steve’s name. It’s amazing. So amazing. Steve’s always been so fucking good at this. Shoving himself over Bucky’s length and making himself choke and not even caring. He just sucks him down as far as he can go. Bucky’s long given up on trying to ease him out of working himself so hard. Not only does it feel too incredible, Steve’s proven himself over and over that he can handle it. Bucky thrusts deeper into Steve’s mouth. That tongue of his is magical. Swirling up and over and all around. Pressing over the tip like Bucky’s a damn fool for. It makes his head spin and his knees shake
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Dirty Talk
Light Bondage
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Teasing
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
ruined orgasm
Top Steve
Bottom Bucky
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

