Work Text:
1.	It was getting difficult to control his nerves. Steve had tried breathing deeply, thinking of other things, and even a shot of jager that Clint had passed him with a knowing grin.  Nothing had helped, and the booze just made his blood rush hotter to his face.
"They'll pay extra just to see if that blush goes all the way down." Clint chuckled, bent over and buckling on a pair of thigh high boots.  The outfit he had on was all black leather, stylized to look like a fetish Robin Hood or something. The first time he saw his friend in it, turning before the full length mirror in his bedroom, Steve had laughed so hard his guts hurt. But Clint had just smiled and winked, "Worth it for the money."
Steve hadn't believed his roommate when he was told that his "job" paid in the high triple digits, sometimes in one night.  But as the weeks went past, and Clint had started paying for more around their apartment, even Steve's share of the rent, it had made him curious.
So that's how he'd ended up following Clint to work one evening in the cold November air, surprised to find that he was in lower Manhattan at a very chic and elegant building tucked between banks and mortgage firms.  Clint had winked at the doorman, and led Steve down into the bowels of the structure to a gold door, with an elegant sign above it that read "Mon Coeur."
Steve was not prepared for what he'd been led into.
It was an extremely high-end, exclusive-to-the-wealthy strip joint.
The room was dimly lit, but elegantly so. Mahogany and satin, teak and velvet were everywhere in subdued colors. A long marble bar curved along one side of the room. Men and women, dressed to the nines in designer clothing, from all over the world, sipped fine wines and ancient whiskies and nibbled on shrimp and foie gras at small tables while upon a raised center dais...
...a barely clad blonde male was moving to haunting, thumping music. Steve gaped and tried to look away, immediately embarrassed.  But the way Clint was leading them through the room, the sight was turned back to his eyes. He couldn't look away.
The dancer was masked, Steve noticed, remembering Clint had put on a mask, too.  The blonde was built like a demi-god, all muscle and grace. Steve was entranced.  Before he registered what had happened, the man slid his hand down and deftly unstrung a gold...was that a loin cloth?!....tossing it gently away to reveal a massive set of equipment that Steve couldn't quite believe he was looking- he was LOOKING! He dropped his eyes, reaching out to steady himself on a chair.
The crowd murmured appreciatively and then Clint nudged him, pulling him away from a soft British voice who had begun calling over the crowd. Numbers, Steve thought. What did that mean?  He took one last look over his shoulder, hands silouhetted against the brighter lights of the center stage. The man upon it was grinning and flexing, looking well pleased. Then Steve heard an angry shout, caught a glimpse of a pale, dark haired man arguing with a red-headed woman, and then they were gone, swallowed by a dark heavy curtain Clint drew him behind.
"What was going on, Clint?" Steve felt hot all over, his blush turning to a flush, the image of the dancing man fresh in his mind. His artistic sensibilities loved the view, wanting to draw that shape in its full beauty, and his body liked it too. Steve thought of himself as an open-minded man, but this was ....what was this? He'd never considered men over women, but... Carefully, he adjusted himself in his pants, trying not to draw attention to it.
Clint saw it anyway. Thankfully, he didn't say anything, just drew Steve further on down a hallway lined with doors.  Dressing rooms, Steve discovered, passing several with names in the same elegant script.  "The Black Widow," on one door, "Thor," on another. There were several more, but Clint stopped at the door that said  "Hawkeye," and led him inside.
It was a very fancy dressing room, fitted with more of the same wood and marble that the main room had.  Clint had costumes draped over chaise lounges and chairs, and Steve dropped down onto one gratefully.
"So, you're a stripper?" Steve asked, rubbing the back of his neck. It was beyond awkward, even though Steve had lived is whole life in New York, this was just not something he'd ever indulged in.  He worked his meager hours waiting tables, and scraped enough for art school, focusing on little else. The money was always tight, and Clint's recent fortunes had been enough to get him to come out of his shell a little bit and look for more ...lucrative opportunities.
"Basically, yeah." Clint grinned and stripped off his clothes quickly, Steve averting his eyes. Clint chuckled and began strapping on black leather. "And more than that, too, if the price is right."
Steve's jaw dropped and he whipped his head around in time to see Clint pulling on a pair of leather pants over a thong that was nothing more than string and scrap. "You're a prostitute!? Clint
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve/Tony
Stony
Superhusbands - Relationship

freeform: 
Non-powered AU
explicit gay sex
Mutual Masturbation
First Time
virgin!steve
bottom!Steve
Stony - Freeform
Superhusbands
Stripping
Light Bondage
exotic dancing
handjobs
Blowjobs
Fingering
Fluff
Angst
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve/Tony
Stony
Superhusbands - Relationship

