Chapter 1: Tony's kink
    


Summary:

Hi everyone this is my first avengers kink one shots full of requests and my own creation. I hope you enjoy





Chapter Text
“(Y/N)! Come on where are you. You can't hide for ever” Tony shouted looking for you. 
You have been playing hide and seek for the last hour. Tony was say that we was the king in the game so you decided to run him for his money. While he was counting you go into the elevator and went to the basements where all of Tony’s ‘toys’ were. You frantically ran around the room and spotted him iron man suit so you decided to hide in there.
You watched as Tony walk past you again for the tenth time. You slightly giggle at the frustrated look on Tony's face. This caused him to look your way and slowly walked towards you. You held your breath as he got closer then walked away. You couldn't see where he was in the room as the suit was not on. You could tell he was still in the room by all the noise he was making. But when it suddenly stopped you let out a big huff and froze as the lights when off.
That was your only fear. The dark. You could handle it if someone was by your side but right now you were alone.
“Shit” you mumbled only to scream a minute later as a pair of arms wrapped around you and pulled you out of the suit you were hiding.
“Found ya sweetheart” Tony smirked.
“That was cheating Tony” you whined as you boyfriend gave you a kiss on the forehead.
“No it wasn't” Tony laughed at you as you pouted your lips at him.
“Yeah it was you used my fear to help you now you're gonna lose a week of sexual contact” you laughed at his stricken face and gave him a kiss on the cheek then turn to leave but a pair of arms stopped you from moving. “Tony let me go” you complained.
“No. Now what was it you were saying about not having and sex for a week huh?” Tony growled into your ear.
“Yeah I'm not having sex with you for a whole week so you are gonna have to find another way to … release yourself. Now let me go” you replied making Tony tighten his grip around your waist.
“Nope never gonna happen darling” Tony whispered in your ear then talked to the ceiling “J.A.R.V.I.S lock the door please and make sure no one comes down” Tony shouted.
“Yes sir” the Al responded.
“Tony I mean it I'm not doing anything with you so don't try anything” you said getting a little bit wet from Tony's voice and dominance over you. “J.A.R.V.I.S unlock the door please”
“I am sorry miss (L/N) but I can not override Tony’s command” The Al spoke making you huff out of annoyance at Tony. 
You turn in Tony’s arm with a smirk on your face. “Okay Tony you win go and sit on that chair over there okay baby?” Tony nodded his head excited at the pleasure that was to come. You laugh as you see him skip over to the chair and sits down.
You slowly walk over to him like a lion stalking it's prey and smile at him. When you reach him you take off your lab coat you are wearing and chuck it to the floor showing off your short gold skirt along with your low cut gold blouse. You could tell that he was already excited as he fidgets on the chair and pull at his trousers.
You sit on his lap and start to grind on him earn moans from him. Tony's hand slide up your thighs making the skirt move up your legs revealing more (S/C) skin. You took your hands from the back of the chair and started to unbutton his skirt. You kissed and licked every bit of skin that you have exposed.
“Darling you're killing me” Tony moaned.
Once you unbuttoned his shirt you chucked it onto the floor with your lab coat. You felt Tony’s member creating a tent in his trousers so you got onto your knees and started to unbutton them.
“Tony baby I'm gonna turn the light on quickly so you can watch what I'm about to do to you” You have him the bedroom eyes.
“Okay but hurry up I don't think I can wait to be with you it's starting to hurt” Tony growled.
You walked towards the light switch leaving Tony in the seat breathing heavily.
Once you reached the light switch you turned to make sure Tony couldn't see you and then ran and hid behind a desk. I said i wouldn't give Tony release and I'm not you thought to yourself.
You then heard Tony complaining “Come on baby I'm in agony. I need you so much” Tony waited for you to answer back to him but you only quietly sniggered at him.
“(Y/N)? Baby? Where are you?” Tony shouted but was only met with silence “(Y/N)! Come on I don't wanna play games!” 
You could tell that he was getting frustrated by the tone of his voice, this only caused you to snigger even more.
“I told you Tony you're not going to get release from me and I'm sticking to that!” you laughed when Tony growled out now angry. You knew that if he found you, you were not gonna get out of here without getting some sort of punishment which you didn't mind sometimes especially if it was to do with the bedroom.
“Yeah that's what you think. Wait until I get my hands on you I will have you begging for me to take you” Tony said in a sultry voice.
“Yeah like
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark & Reader
Thor/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Clint Barton & Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Sam Wilson/Reader
Pietro Maximoff/Reader
Pietro Maximoff & Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Parker & Reader
Nick Fury/Reader
Nick Fury & Reader
Maria Hill/Reader
Maria Hill & Reader

freeform: 
Love
Fluff
Smut
Dildos
Ties
Fingerfucking
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Teasing
Sexual Frustration
Shooting
Humor
Sexual Content
Tony stark being a perv
Lap dancing
Hide and Seek
Blow Jobs
Truth or Dare
Porn With Plot
duplicates
Oral Sex
Public Sex
Blindfolds
Handcuffs
Hand Jobs
Desk Sex
Getting caught having sex by dad
Innocence
Surprises
Strap-Ons
Marriage Proposal
Fluff and Smut
Wet Dream
Masturbation
Punishment
Threesome
Multiple Orgasms
Public Blow Jobs
Shameless Smut

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark & Reader
Thor/Reader
Thor (Marvel)/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Clint Barton & Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Natasha Romanov/Reader
Sam Wilson/Reader
Pietro Maximoff/Reader
Pietro Maximoff & Reader
Wanda Maximoff & Reader
Wanda Maximoff/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Parker & Reader
Nick Fury/Reader
Nick Fury & Reader
Maria Hill/Reader
Maria Hill & Reader

