Work Text:
The cell they throw him in is black, save a sliver of weak light from the slit in the door.  It’s not the darkness that bothers Loki.  It’s the cuffs clamped around his wrists.  They inhibit his magic.  He has been able to cast weak healing and cleansing spells, but he cannot teleport or send his shade out to eavesdrop on his brot -- Thor and his ragtag little band of warriors.  This incarceration is not ideal.  But Loki has been in darkness far more terrifying recently, so he  stretches out on the stiff cot and waits, the rage clawing at his chest.  He needs to be prepared for whatever will come next.*Travelling via the Tesseract would not have been Loki’s preference.  Of course, he would also have preferred not come back to Asgard shackled and muzzled like a common, rabid animal either.   But it was made clear to him from the moment Thor entered his cell that morning that Loki’s wants were once again secondary to Thor’s will.When they reappear in the Observatory, Heimdall merely nods. Loki scowls, but under the muzzle, it goes unseen.  There is a cadre of Odin’s guard waiting to escort them to the Palace.  He considers flinging himself off into the empty blackness again but fear of what else he might encounter there keeps him on the bridge.  That and Thor’s heavy hand on his shoulder as they march forward.There is a small crowd gathered near the entrance.  No one speaks, but Loki can see the loathing in their eyes. Not just for his crimes, but for his true roots.  A Jotun on the throne of Asgard is the worst thing that their tiny minds can imagine. Loki wishes he was free to project an illusion of true horror. That would serve them all right.The guards lead them down past the massive kitchens and the servants quarters.  “Where are we going?” Thor asks, but Loki knows.In the far corner of the palace is a small spare room that is used for storage in the cold months.  Loki used to hide there with his books of magic when he was small and did not wish to be ridiculed by the other boys.  It only happened when Thor was not present to glower and threaten until they stopped.When they arrive, the head guard nods and Loki is shoved inside unceremoniously.  He stumbles, but rights himself before he falls to his knees.  He will not give them the satisfaction.“The All-Father will call for him in the morning.”Thor nods.  “You are dismissed. I will lock the door.”The keys are handed over to Thor and his escorts disperse.  Loki folds himself onto the narrow cot that has been tucked into the corner.  The way Thor lingers by the door makes him want to ring his thick, brutish neck.  His fingers flex.“I would not wish this on you, Brother. But Father will not allow your deeds to go unpunished. I will advocate for you as much as I am able.”Loki narrows his eyes and hopes that Thor can read his disdain clearly.  Frustration wells in him that he cannot speak, spit curses and cruelty at him until Thor flees.  Anything would be better than these baleful looks and treacly platitudes.“I will come to escort you in the morning,” Thor finally says, closing the door.  The locks go into place with metallic thunks and Loki exhales.  No one will bother him, he’s sure.  Carefully, he tries to settle back onto the cot. His body is still battered from his encounter with the green monster. There was not time to heal himself with magic before he was imprisoned.He has just begun to drift off when he hears someone at the door.  It cannot yet be morning. A shard of fear cuts through him.  Has Thanos come so soon to collect his debt?  Or has there been a mutiny and Odin’s guards would risk his wrath to have their very own Jotun to torture.  He crouches in the corner in as much of a defensive position as his shackles will allow.But it is neither of those outlined in the lantern light when the door opens.It is Frigga, wrapped in her thick silk robes.Somehow, he wishes it were someone here to torture him because the look of heartbroken relief on her face is perhaps worse than anything his mind could have conjured.  She closes the door and rushes to him, dropping to her knees on the filthy floor.“Oh, Loki,” she says and he can see the tears in her eyes already.  “I thought you were dead.”He tries to pull away when she folds him into her arms as she did when he was a boy.  Her smell is unchanged from then -- vetiver, rose hips, wool.  It makes him ache in a way he was unprepared for.  Holding himself as still as he can, he tries to get away from her.“Please, Loki,” she says, cheeks damp and shining, “My boy.  I saw terrible things, Loki. I was sick with them.  But you are here.”  Her thumbs brush his cheeks above where the blasted muzzle is keeping him quiet and she does not bother to wipe her face.  “My baby. I will never forgive myself for keeping such a secret from you.  If I hadn’t, maybe -- “He shakes his head violently.  She is not to blame for this.  Frigga did well by him.  Evil is in his nature, bred into his blood and bones.  It is n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

