Work Text:
The sound of yelling and cheering is so loud that, for the first moment after the elevator doors sweep open, Tony freezes. It takes his work-addled brain several seconds to remember why there are children screaming in the tower, which is also the reason why he’s been making 2am coffee and food runs lately. He half-thinks about a strategic retreat, but he has no more coffee stashed away in the workshop and his stomach is growling loud enough to be heard over his music.Cautiously, he prowls forward and pokes his head around the living room. Cooper, Lila, Laura, Clint, Phil, baby Nate, Steve, Sam, Bucky and Natasha are all gathered around the television set. Well, gathered is probably a strong word – only the children and Clint are paying attention to the television with any degree of seriousness. Natasha is flipping through a magazine, Sam’s asleep, Phil is doing paperwork, Laura is nursing Nate, and Bucky… well, Bucky appears to be staring at nothing in particular. Okay then.Lila whoops again and Laura looks over at her. “Lila, you’re going to disturb your brother.”“Sorry, Mom,” Lila says, entirely unabashed, and not too subtly nudges Cooper in the leg. “See? I told you he’d win.”“Yeah, yeah,” Cooper grumbles.“What is this?” Tony says before he can stop himself, and so many heads swivel in his direction that he deeply regrets not making that strategic retreat when he had the chance.“It’s Pokémon,” Clint says in great tones of disbelief. “What, you been living under a rock for the past decade?”Tony glares back at him. If there weren’t children present, he’d be making an obscene gesture right now. He’s so busy he rarely has time to indulge in television shows or movies, but he makes it a point to try to remember to watch just enough of what’s popular to be able to crack pop culture jokes on a regular basis. He has a complicated algorithm worked out to let JARVIS know when to tell him that something is popular enough that Tony needs to follow up on it. This Pokémon thing didn’t make the cut.“Pokémon is awesome,” Lila pipes up. “I bet if I had a pokémon, we wouldn’t have to have an escort when we leave the building.” She’s too young to mean anything by it, but Tony still sees the way that Clint and Phil both flinch. Their jobs are high profile enough that it definitely paints a target on the kids. No one has stooped to the point of outright assigning a bodyguard to the kids, but truth be told – as the team becomes busier and less able to act as escorts – that option probably isn’t that far down the road. He doesn’t envy them, either. But the alternative, which is kidnapping and possibly worse, doesn’t bear thinking about.“Yeah well, it isn’t gonna happen. That’s a dumb idea,” Cooper tells her.“Cooper,” Laura warns.Lila sticks her tongue out at her brother. In retaliation, he kicks her. Lila bursts into dramatic tears, and, while Phil, Clint and Laura are breaking up the fight, Tony takes the opportunity to escape into the kitchen. His mind spins as he pours himself a cup of coffee. Maybe it is a dumb idea, but some of Tony’s most brilliant inventions have started out as exactly that. He keeps thinking as he grabs an armload of snacks and finally makes his way back down to the workshop.He doesn’t bring up the topic again, and by the time he surfaces again three days later – Bruce’s doing, on the insistence that Tony needs to eat something other than coffee, fruit and doughnuts – the kids have forgotten all about it. Tony slips quietly into a place at the table and remains silent during the meal. He has no interest in adding to the tension that has arisen between Clint, Phil and Cooper. Apparently Cooper wants to go to a party, but his parents have said no and the kid’s not happy.Tony’s been there. He can appreciate how much it sucks. He kind of wants to tell Cooper just how lucky he is to have parents who actually care about his wellbeing, but refrains. It won’t be appreciated. Instead, he eats quickly and slips out of the room as soon as he can. He goes back down to the workshop and takes a seat at his desk, but he doesn’t start working on the Helicarrier’s upgrades yet. “J,” he says, “What do you know about this Pokémon thing?”Not a lot, as it turns out, but JARVIS is excellent at research. In short order, Tony is learning more than he ever thought he’d want to know about the world of Pokémon. It turns out there’s all kinds: water pokémon, electric pokémon, plant pokémon, fire pokémon… the list goes on and on. Some of them are scary, some are just weird, and others are cute. They come in all different shapes and sizes, too, from small enough to hold comfortably in your arms to several thousand pounds.Some would be easier than others, Tony thinks idly. He’s not sure how psychic or ghost powers would work, for example. That might require some degree of magic. Same goes for fire and water; how could you keep them reliably fueled? Particularly if it was small. But electricity seems fairly straightforward.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Pokemon
Pokemon Training
Science
it's all for science
plusle - Freeform
minun - Freeform
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony
Tony tries so hard
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
tony is just trying to do the right thing
he's trying to redeem himself
Tension
Tony is Misunderstood
kind of a redemption fic?
the team has no idea how hard Tony works
but they're starting to get the right idea

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

