Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Excuse me.”The softly spoken word was said with the faintest hint of a British accent, highlighting the oddity of the situation. It was just so freaking polite.The assembled Avengers all turned to look at the speaker and blinks were repeated.Tony was the first to break the silence.“Kid,” he said. “What the fu-damn hell are you doing here?”Green eyes stared at them all blankly.“I beg your pardon,” the soft looking kid said. “But I was sent by the Director to speak with you, Captain America.”They glanced at the war hero, who shook his blonde head emphatically. “No, I don’t know you, son. But aside from that, we’re in the middle of an invasion from aliens.” Steve’s face twisted at the phrase. It sounded absurd to say it and even stranger to hear it.The green-eyed teenager looked around at the screaming horde.“Oh, so that’s what they are,” he mused. “Let me help. The Minister sent me to further diplomatic relations. I think he will agree that this is so. Before that though...”And within two heartbeats, the stranger vanished into nothingness, though Clint could still see the distortions left behind.“What – “ Clint started to say, before jets of red light originating from where the kid was standing started to take down aliens.It seemed that was that. Steve shook his head and started to arrange them at strategic points in order to keep the chaos at just one point and at the same time, maximizing their potential.More than one person jumped though when his British voice came out of nowhere.“I will go around and see what needs help the most,” the stranger said.“That’s starting to piss me off,” Natasha growled under her breath.“You and me both, sweetheart,” Stark remarked. 

 


 

  

 


 

Tony was just starting to stand up from his rather heroic stunt in the portal when the stranger appeared again, looking as though there had been there the whole time. He didn’t even look ruffled, or dirty. He looked like he took a pleasing stroll through the park.Tony wanted to hit him.“Would you stop doing that?” Clint asked plaintively.Tony kind of agreed. Vehemently.The kid did another one of those unflappable, British expressions that ought to be patented.“I beg your pardon,” he said. “I have been making sure no structure is weakened so drastically and falls over. Your city really needs some major refurbishment.”Refurbishment?With a groan, Tony pushed himself up from the ground and sat up. Looking around, he could say that the clean up would most definitely be worse than the fighting. For one, that fall had given him bruises. Everyone else wasn’t much better. Aside from the kid and Thor (but he was a god, who knew what could hurt him), everyone looked pretty roughed up.“Kid,” he groaned out again. “Unless you really can’t help it, don’t use words with more than three syllables. Saves everyone the headache.”In hindsight, insulting an unknown ally while still barely conscious was not his smartest move. Then again, people always complained that he did stupid decisions every day.“I will endeavour to reduce my vocabulary,” the kid answered.Clint started to laugh. Being a person who appreciated practical jokes, he realized that the kid was enjoying poking Tony’s metaphorical buttons. If he could make a guess, the kid didn’t talk like that at all.“Sure,” he choked. “Endeavour away. What’s your name?”The kid smiled at him – and whoa, what a smile – and said, “It’s Harry. Harry Potter.” He looked around the rubble and added, “Do you think there’s anyone out there who’s willing to serve breakfast? Or perhaps an early lunch? I woke up late, you see. I had no idea an invasion could take so long.”At some point, the adrenaline had faded away and things just looked hysterical. Or perhaps they finally adjusted to the kid’s sense of humor.“Shawarma,” Tony demanded imperiously. “That’s all I’m gonna say. There’s one two blocks down.”Everyone else looked at the broken pavement, the upended cars, the blocks of loose building and decided against it.“Anybody else have another idea?” Harry Potter asked. “One that won’t have us walking through the maze-like death-trap that the street has become?”A hotel was still open. It was literally across the street.“Hey,” mild-mannered Bruce Banner greeted the cowering concierge. “Good morning. Do you guys serve breakfast?”The concierge fainted. Everyone gave Bruce a look of annoyance.“What?” he asked, plainly bewildered.Natasha snorted. “Bruce. You don’t exactly inspire safety and comfort with how you look.”The ratty, almost-in-pieces jeans and the dirty man wearing it gave her an offended look. Harry took pity on him and somehow produced a shirt.“Next time,” Tony said solemnly to the annoyed scientist. “Let the Brit do the talking.”Harry, who exuded unflappable and clinical professionalism even while rifling through a sequined purple handbag, didn’t even react. 

 


 

When they finally found late breakfast (or early lunch, depending on your point of view), consisting mainly of le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site
Humor
Crack
Trolling

fandom: 
None
