Chapter 1: The Things We Lost In The Fire
    


Notes:
[Edit: guys, I finally got my original novel off the ground! You can share the journey with me at patreon.com/sineadsmith. Hope to see you there!]




Chapter Text
People never talk about what happens  after  you save the world. They don’t talk about the consequences, the things you lose. They don’t talk about the nightmares, the anger, the hypervigilance.They don’t talk about trying to cry silently so people will finally stop asking if you’re okay. Or waking up in the middle of the night and reaching for someone who isn’t there. Who will never be there again. Or the empty ache inside when you watch people walk by, oblivious to what you sacrificed to save them.That’s what brought the anger, the bursts of white-hot rage lashing out at a hapless victim who’d done nothing to deserve it. It was promptly followed by days of listlessness and depression, only for the cycle to begin again.Saving the world really sucked.You lose your innocence and all sense of security. You lose the ability to feel safe, even in one of the most secure buildings in the country. You lose the ability to sleep at night, when all you see are the people you let down, the ones you couldn’t save.And the future that you had seen for yourself, the one you hoped and dreamed for, is now irrevocably shattered. You may have saved the world, but you have no desire to live in it.In the end you ask yourself, was it really worth it?XxxXxxXThe dream was always the same. Sun-bleached sky, palm trees, the smell of sand. A well. And a humanoid figure, made from silver bark and green leaves, its presence familiar and yet not, ancient and vast and alien. And always the same words. Come and be known .Darcy had been having the dream with increasing regularity over the last four weeks. The pull had gotten stronger, the need to pursue it, to discover its meaning. Darcy had learned the hard way that her dreams weren’t just dreams. They had the tendency to come true.She had a secondary mission, too. Find someplace to hide the Tesseract where it wouldn’t hurt anyone ever again. She had a feeling that her missions were actually one and the same. Of course, SHIELD didn’t know that Darcy had the Tesseract. If they did, they wouldn’t let her leave the building.Darcy finished tying the laces of her boots and set her feet on the floor. Then she pushed  herself off the bed and stood up straight. The muscles in her stomach had finally stopped pulling painfully, and her legs finally felt strong again.It had been a month since… well, since Ragnarok hadn’t happened. Darcy had spent the intervening time in SHIELD custody, but they didn’t try to interrogate or confine her, thanks to the efforts of the Avengers. Mostly Steve and Thor. The others were still a little wary about her. With good reason.Darcy Lewis wasn’t really Darcy anymore. Holding Ragnarok,  being  Ragnarok, had changed her in ways she still didn’t understand. She’d regained a good deal of her memories, with some large, rather annoying gaps. She felt… more in tune with the universe. Even now she could feel the turn of the Earth beneath her feet, it’s orbit around the Sun.It felt like waking up for the first time.She got lost in it a lot, losing track of time. She’d remember something, but she couldn’t tell if it was past or future. Or she would get distracted by mapping a single person’s life, from birth to death. It was overwhelming, sometimes.It was easier just to be Darcy, human being. But that Darcy was dead and gone.Confident she wasn’t going to keel over and pass out, Darcy picked up her coat from the hospital bed. It was a deep purple color, covered in intricate embroidery in the same shade. Thin bands of flexible metal curled over her ribs, from under her breasts to her hips, like some kind of stylized armor. She shrugged it on over her plain black long-sleeved t-shirt.Her long, dark brown hair was already pinned up in a simple knot at the base of her skull, and a purple ribbon the same color as her coat was bound around her forehead, from which a silver emblem of a horned moon hung between her brows.Black cargo pants and combat boots completed her outfit. She wasn’t dressed to impress anyone (though the coat was damn stylish). She was dressed for a long hike. Because Darcy Lewis was leaving Earth.It wasn’t the first time she was leaving the planet she’d been born on. It wasn’t even the second time. Darcy had lost count of all the times she (or at least her consciousness) had visited another realm. She’d been doing it on a nightly basis for the last two years, and on a monthly basis before that ever since she was thirteen.She took a deep breath and turned towards the door. She didn’t carry any luggage with her. She didn’t have to. Everything she needed was stored in the tiny pocket dimension she had created. She would have access to it anytime she wanted. Squaring her shoulders, she marched over to the door and pulled it open.There was a guard outsid
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
Frigga/Odin
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
Past Rape/Non-con
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts
Past Suicide Attempts
Mental Illness

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
Frigga/Odin
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

