Chapter 1: Thank God for Thor, really.
    




Chapter Text

“Well, someone has to be compensating for something here.”
 
Darcy had to shield her eyes from the sun, her head tilted up to the bright sky as she stared up the Avengers Tower, trying to estimate just how high it was. “Mhm?” Jane muttered under her breath, her focus clearly not on their new home but rather on the equations she had been working on the entire car ride. Erik, bless his soul, had organized for a car to bring them, so neither Darcy nor Jane had to be driving. Jane was too preoccupied with 

SCIENCE!

 to master driving in New York city, and Darcy?
 
Well, Darcy spent the entire car-ride cleaning baby-puke off the seats. Mara, in all her cuteness, had an acute 

hatred

 for both flying and car rides, leaving Darcy with no other choice than to pack two outfits she could change (for both her and the baby) every time they went somewhere. Now, the baby was sleeping angelically in the portable car seat, exhausted from the day-long travel it had taken them to get from Oslo to New York. While Mara had been changed into clean clothes as soon as they stopped in front of the Tower, Darcy’s sweater was still sporting some obvious battle wounds in the form of wet patches. She didn’t even want to know how she smelled.
 
“Should we go inside?” Jane asked suddenly, surprising Darcy with her awareness-- apparently, the equation hadn’t quite worked out in her head and she was eager to get it down on paper. “Yeah. Is there a bathroom I can use before we go meet our new boss, though? I’d rather not have baby puke on me.” Jane seemed to just then notice the state of her intern-come-assistant’s clothing, before nodding quickly, her nose wrinkled slightly.
 
“Yeah, let’s find one first. I’ll take Mara, you-- “Jane moved her hand vaguely in the direction of Darcy’s sweater and Darcy grinned. “Way to make me feel confident, Janey.” Darcy grabbed her diaper bag that didn’t only contain Mara’s things, but also her own change of clothes and made her way into the foyer. Jane thankfully grabbed Mara and carefully followed, using slow steps to not wake the kid. In the Foyer, they were quickly greeted by an overly excited assistant, who wrinkled his nose at the look of Darcy and 

of course

 quickly showed them to the Foyer bathroom. Jane stayed outside, sitting uncomfortably in one of the chairs with Mara next to her, looking as though the child was a bomb about to explode. Jane had been probably the only one 

not

 crazy excited when Mara graduated from 

sleep-eat-poop-sleep

 to noticing people and doing things. The scientist had yelped in fear the first time Mara vaguely grabbed in the direction of her face.
 
With a sigh, Darcy stared at herself in the mirror-- she had locked the bathroom door, giving herself five minutes of privacy. Now, at six months, the fact that she was a mother still hadn’t quite sunk in. Growing up in the foster care system, Darcy had always had a bit of an issue when it came to defining what, in her opinion, parents should be like-- thus, she had basically hyperventilated when the stick she had peed on confirmed her worries. Mara hadn’t been planned. She was the product of a short fling Darcy had in London (

no

, it was not 

Ian

, Jane.)-- some charming guy in a bar had occupied her for a week before the horrors of Malekith and the Dark Elves. Afterwards, Darcy had missed a couple of periods. Only four months in she knew that there was 

no

 way that this was still the stress from the near-earth-destruction. 
 
Contacting the father had been quite easy, but as soon as he saw Darcy with an obvious baby bump, he began to stammer about how he wasn’t ready, leaving Darcy to fight for herself. That was okay, though-- she left him her number in case he felt the desire to get to know his child and went back to work. Erik had been the most supportive, actually. He quickly managed to get her upgraded to an actually paid assistant, which helped bump up her savings. Jane, surprisingly, had been incredibly supportive, buying presents left and right when she could spare the time from science. At Mara’s birth, Jane and Erik had been the only ones there to hold her hand. 
 
Presented with a carbon copy of herself in her arms, Darcy found herself unready to grow up at the sweet age of twenty-five. She had her political science degree, which however didn’t do much in terms of money, despite Erik’s help. But when she gazed into her daughter’s blue, 

blue

 eyes as the girl scratched the sensitive skin of her boob while nursing, Darcy found herself willing to give this whole adult thing a goddamn try.
 
Raising a baby was hard-- raising a baby 

and

 taking care of scientists? Much harder.
 
Thank 

God

 for Thor, really. 
 
Whenever Darcy found herself on the brink of tears caused by exhaustion or lack of sleep, the golden God was right there, ready to pluck little Mara out of her hands, rocking her to sleep with stories of battles lost and w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
like the fluffiest fluff to ever fluff
A hint of smut at the end
darcy lewis is a mom
bucky is a baby whisperer
idk it's cute indulge me
Pre-Age of Ultron
the entire time line is a little bit iffy either way
let's just say that bucky came back to steve right after winter soldier ok? ok

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

