Chapter 1



        Chapter by uhrwerk




Chapter Text
Sokovia hung like the executioner’s sword over humanity’s head, and it was all Tony’s fault. Locked in a struggle with Ultron’s endless swarms of drones, Stark shot glances at the teammates gathered in a tight circle in the city center.  Each of them: Steve, Thor, Natasha, Clint – plus Rhodey, Sam, Pepper, and Bucky, more recent additions to the team – and even the Hulk, were all on the verge of exhaustion.  Ultron’s army showed no signs of thinning; the production line beneath their feet was churning them out at an ungodly rate.  Tony never thought he’d see the day that something came close to the “Other Guy’s” strength, but here it was.  There was just a fundamental problem with humans fighting machines – try as they might, humans would eventually tire.  The machines – easy enough to handle individually – wore them down through volume, through sheer numbers.  Which was what the AI had counted on, of course.Ultron stood back and watched.  The bastard.  Tony’s bastard.  Waiting for the inevitable moment when they would all collapse.  A wash of self-loathing came over the engineer as he wrenched a scrabbling drone off of Clint, who was arrowless.  All of this, Tony swallowed his nausea, is on my head.  Even in his thorough preparation, Hawkeye hadn’t wrapped his head around a battle this massive and drawn out.  Neither had Tony.  New York felt like a breeze compared to this thousand-mile trudge.  “Come on, Katniss,” Tony panted, reaching out a hand to the weary archer and heaving him onto his back. “You’re no good to us dead.”“You don’t sound much better in that can, asshole,” he gasped, “’s’that asthma or are you tired from having your suit do all the work?”“Suit’s heavier than it looks.  I’d like to see you walk a mile in my Louboutins, Clint,” Tony groused.“Yeah look where that got us,” He fired back.  Again Tony grunted, but silently agreed with the archer.Now that Clint was no longer at her back, one of Ultron’s drones was sneaking in on Natasha’s five o’ clock.   Even as the least armored of the group, Natasha was gracefully, acrobatically holding her own.  Tony shouted a warning to her as he blew it away.  Grappling another drone and dropping him with her Widow’s Bites, she roared, “I was getting to that, Stark, I’m good.”  Her voice was jagged as a knife-edge, but he supposed it was as close to a thank you as he could expect from any of this teammates at this point.  They had been nothing but furious with him since this Ultron bullshit had hit the fan.  Pepper couldn’t even look at him.  He wasn’t surprised.A scan to the right showed Cap and Bucky at each other’s backs.  Since the start, they had moved together as a single, fluid unit, dance partners in a deadly waltz perfected decades ago.  Battle had brought Bucky’s Hydra conditioning to the forefront, and he fought with a brutal, animal violence that meshed with Steve’s relentless tactical eye.  The pair pinballed the shield between them and set each other up for crushing blows with an easy grace that Tony secretly envied.  The long fight, however, had brought the super soldiers to the edge of their stamina.  Thankfully, they had Sam above them providing cover fire, dodging wayward shield tosses and airborne debris.  But he was looking no less ragged. Rhodey, sorely low on ammo and covering Thor, the Hulk, and Pepper, was cursing a steady stream of filth into his headset.  Tony could almost hear the sweat pouring from his brow.  The Hulk was rag-dolling armfuls of machines and roaring in frustration because they.  Just.  Didn’t.  Stop.  Pepper, also a screaming inferno, was melting and blasting her way through waves of them.  But the volcanic glow of her skin – her fiery breath – seemed to be cooling somewhat.  Even Thor, who joyed in combat, was flagging.  His dangerous position near the Hulk and Pep got him repeatedly clobbered by dismembered robots, singed by stray blobs of molten metal.  Apparently even a god had limits; his lightning faltered more with each burst.Tony had no idea how many hours had stretched on since they began.  S.H.I.E.L.D. had been evacuating people to the best of their ability, but Tony also had no idea of the body count they’d have on their hands when they made it through.  If they made it through.  And Ultron stood above them and watched.  Even if we beat this army, Stark realized, we’ll just… have nothing left.  He’ll crush us.  With his stupid vibranium-plated ass and a giant flying chunk of rock.  Every minute brought them higher, closer to annihilation.                                                 Clint’s voice cut off the stream of depressing thoughts, “Get us back down there dammit!  I’m not leaving Tasha alone.  I’ll figure something out; don’t care what happens to me.” Tony snapped his attention and cover fire back to Natasha, who was the only one alone on the ground.  FRIDAY had been yammering something about slacking over the sound of Clint’s voice but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Ultron
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki (Marvel)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Extremis Pepper Potts
Ultron Win Scenario
Rape/Non-con Elements
Mindfuck
Collars
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Ultron is the Shitlord of Piss Mountain
Ultron hoards All The Things like a Dragon
Tony Stark Whump
Robot Kink
Robot Sex
Alternate Origin Vision
Alternate Universe - Dark
Torture
Hand Feeding
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Suicidal Ideation
Surgery
Body Horror
Spanking
Whipping
Medical Kink
Medical Torture
Public Humiliation
Stockholm Syndrome
Forced Nudity
Orgasm Control
Forced Exhibitionism
Pepper Potts/Bruce Banner BroTP
Government Conspiracy
lots and lots of nerdy biology and robotics shit
Slave Training
BDSM
threatened castration
Now Contains an Actual Dragon
Nidhogg The Corpse Eater
He's Nicer Than He Sounds
IMPORTANT: This Is A Story About Abuse
Canon Divergence All Over The Fucking Place
Heavy BDSM
All Kinds of Non-Consensual Bullshit
Scarification / Branding
Steve Rogers whump

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Ultron
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki (Marvel)/Original Male Character(s)

