Work Text:
What was happening to Steve’s body now, wasn’t possible. At least, that’s what the doctor’s told him. He was too small and weak for his body to go through a Heat safely. Yet there he was on the very edge of a starting Heat. At least he hoped it was his Heat and that he wasn’t dying; he didn’t exactly know what a Heat was supposed to feel like. At that point, Steve wasn’t really sure, it felt like his body was going to do something strange, he just couldn’t pinpoint what yet. Steve really hoped that he wasn’t dying, Bucky wasn’t back from work yet, and he really didn’t want to die alone.He gasped as another wave of Heat rolled through his body, “Bucky.” Steve whined, his fingers clenching the bedsheets as the feeling rolled up his spine, heating up his whole body. Definitely Heat. He groaned, throwing his arm up over his eyes. He couldn’t ask Bucky to help him through this, best friends don’t do that sort of things. Bucky had already gone above and beyond to take care of Steve, he shouldn’t have to even worry about something like this. Of course, it didn’t help that Steve held the biggest crush on Bucky in the history of everything. Even though he wished that Bucky felt the same, it looked like he was going to suffer through this alone. Steve heard keys jingling, Bucky was home.Steve managed to roll himself off the bed, standing on shaky legs and turned to pull the sheet up to hide the sizable wet spot that his slick left on the bottom sheet. He staggered to the door of their shared bedroom, clinging to the door frame in case his legs decided to give out. Bucky walked in their dingy little apartment holding a bag full of groceries. “You’ll never guess what, Steve.” He said, closing the door with his foot and not paying attention to Steve clinging to the doorframe before him. “I got paid today,” The Alpha turned around to look at Steve, who managed to maintain his facade, smiling at him from the doorway. “So I went out and got some food- Steve you okay you don’t look-“ Bucky’s face dawned in realization and he sniffed the air. “You…are you going into Heat Steve?” Steve looked down and gulped. The bigger man quickly sat the bags of groceries on the small table they had set up by the window and walked quickly over to his smaller friend. “Hell, you are.” He ran his hands through his hair, panicked.“I…I can go and stay with my aunt…if you want.” Steve stuttered, the door frame the only thing keeping him up at that point, his brain fogging over with Heat and the nearness of an Alpha. “I can…I can get packed up and-”“No.” Bucky growled, his eyes growing dark with lust as a side effect of Steve’s Omega pheromones. “You’re staying here, I’ll take care of you.”“You don’t have to.” Steve finally looked up to meet his friend’s eyes. “Soon…soon neither of us will know what we’re doing and I don’t want you to do anything that you’ll regret. And even though I know you’ll never hurt me, Bucky, I don’t know if my body can handle mating.” He looked away quickly, his eyes were tearing up and he didn’t want Bucky to see. The truth was, Steve wouldn’t really mind if Bucky was his Alpha; they already lived together, they were best friends and did everything together, bonding would be the next step. Of course he would never let Bucky know his feelings.“Steven Rogers, you are the only thing I have in this world and I’m going to see you through your Heat, whatever that entails.” Bucky said with finality in his voice, stripping off his coat and toeing off his shoes quickly. “Because, if you think about it, we already act like an old mated couple anyway; and why not? We do everything else together, why not this? I mean, it’s not like I don’t love you already, Steve…”“Bucky.” Steve looked up at his Alpha, a tear escaping from his eye.“If you’ll have me, of course.” He shot Steve a bright smile that he knew Steve loved, and Steve’s knees turned to mush.“Of course, you idiot.” Steve managed a laugh, wiping at his eyes. Bucky walked over to Steve with three long strides, lightly gripping Steve’s chin and leaning down for a light kiss. “Bucky.” Steve sighed as Bucky pulled back. His eyes were still closed as he swayed in the doorway, Bucky having to steady him so that he didn’t fall over.“You get in bed alright, you can hardly stand as it is. I’ll get everything ready.” Steve nodded and stumbled back to bed, pulling back the sheets and climbing in, a silly grin on his face. Part of him whispered in the back of his mind, that this was just a dream, that Bucky couldn’t possibly want him. Of course, Steve never listened to that voice. Even if it was a dream, it was the best dream that he probably will ever have.After a couple of minutes of shuffling around, Bucky walked into the shared bedroom, carrying two glasses of water and setting them on the bedside table. Bucky shot Steve a grin as he started taking off his shirt and pants. Steve, meanwhile, lay on the bed, his eyes closed, shivering in pleasure while each wave of Heat passed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Fluff and Smut
Pre!Serum Steve
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

