Work Text:
The negotiations needed to be somewhere that wasn’t the Ministry, so they could be unofficial until everyone had agreed; and wasn’t Hogwarts, because nobody wanted Hogwarts touched by the war any more than it had already been; and wasn’t a sensible conference room in a hotel conveniently located on the Tube, because the first time they arranged the meeting, only three wizards on the Slytherin side even managed to find the place. So Shacklebolt asked Harry if he’d mind them using 12 Grimmauld Place.“As long as you don’t mind Kreacher,” Harry said: Kreacher had mostly reverted to type since the war. He took care of Harry in an insistent dogged way, but he still kept sighing endlessly for the good old times when the House of Black had reigned. “At least the other side ought to feel at home.”He didn’t know how true that was going to be until the Slytherin delegation stepped in. Draco looked round the dusty hall with an expression of disgust. “No, I’ll keep them,” Draco told the coatrack, when it stretched out a hook for his cloak and gloves. “Potter, what are you doing, letting the place go to rack and ruin like this? What’s happened to the house-elf? Did you throw the poor old thing out to satisfy Granger’s principles?”“Of course not!” Harry said hotly. “Sorry if it doesn’t meet your standards, Malfoy, I don’t let him slave away day and night. He’s old.”Draco rolled his eyes. “What you mean is, you can’t be bothered to care, so your elf’s got depressed and given up.” He looked around again, his lips compressed. “This is one of the great wizarding houses of Britain, and you’re treating it like a dormitory.”Kreacher came shuffling out of the dining room, where everyone was assembling. “Guests in the house and nothing to put out for them,” he muttered. “No hours of polishing. No scrubbing the floors and windows. Oh, what my poor mistress would say!”Draco looked down at him, and then gave Harry a meaningful look, like he’d just proved his point or something. “You, elf,” he said imperiously. “Kreacher, isn’t it?” Kreacher’s head came right up, fixing his gaze on Draco. “Just because your master doesn’t care, doesn’t mean none of us do. I am a son of the House of Black, and I expect to be properly looked after in the home of my mother’s line.”Harry was about to tell Malfoy just where he could stuff his family line, but Kreacher’s eyes were opening wide as saucers, his ears rising, and he breathed out in tones of ecstasy, “Yes, Master Draco, of course,” like the greatest ambition of his life was to see that Draco Malfoy was properly looked after, and he immediately vanished with a pop.Draco gave Harry a superior look and swept past him into the dining room. Harry went after him and stopped short, because as Malfoy walked along the length of the room to join the rest of the Slytherins at the other end, the whole room changed around him. It wasn’t a transfiguration; nothing actually changed shape. It was more like—looking through a dirty pane of glass as someone wiped it clean. The heavy curtains shivered themselves out, little rains of dust falling, and suddenly they looked blue instead of grey; they pulled themselves more tightly to the window frames, so more light spilled into the room. A thin line of some sort of tiny bugs went marching out of the long carpet and dived for a crack in the floor, and in the dark corners of the ceiling, Harry could just make out spiders bundling up their webs and rolling away. In the main fireplace the flames roared up bright and crackling, and all the shining lamps and candleabrae came alight. The slouching drowsy portraits on the wall sat up, stretching, and looked down into the room with interest.The chair at the end of the table pulled itself out, and Draco seated himself with a flourish of the skirts of his robes. He looked down at the table, which abruptly folded off its entire top layer. Harry blinked. He hadn’t even realized there was a cover, the thing was made of perfectly nice wood itself. But underneath, a tabletop of darker wood shone like a mirror, all the lights reflecting in the surface. Plates began appearing along the length of it, cups and saucers and tea service, dainty cakes and perfect little hors d’oeuvres. Draco gave a small approving nod and did take off his gloves, then, putting them down on the table: then Harry blinked, and they’d vanished.Nobody else really seemed to have noticed; they were all sitting down as the chairs pulled themselves out, starting to help themselves to the food. Harry frowned: he didn’t like Draco coming in and pushing his house around, but it was hard to see how he could go in and make a fuss without looking ridiculous—what was he going to say, stop eating the snacks? Let’s close all the curtains and have the place dark and dismal again? He sat down at the other end of the table and glared at Malfoy down its length, and Draco smirked back at him.#The negotiations went on for a week solid, morning to night, during which Harr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Post-War
EWE
Grimmauld Place
Malfoy Manor

fandom: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

