Work Text:

Darcy Lewis was the best little sister (and aunt) in the world. 

But seriously—she was, without a doubt, the kindest and most self-sacrificing of them all. If there was an award she would damn well deserve it. 

And she was absolutely, incontrovertibly planning on reminding her brother of this fact when he called to let her know that he and his wife had safely arrived in France for their belated baby-moon.

(Which, seriously, what the FUCK is a baby-moon and who came up with that lame ass name?? She was embarrassed to even think it within the privacy of her own mind.)

Because although she had agreed to watch her beloved and adorable niece for two weeks so that her equally beloved adult family members could have some romantic time sans enfant over the holidays she had not been adequately warned that getting little Claire to sleep required occult-ritual levels of planning. 
 
She had returned to Stark Tower with Claire in tow two days earlier, fresh off her week-long visit home to Baltimore for Thanksgiving to the news that Steve Rogers (AKA Captain America) had returned to the Tower with a freshly deprogrammed James Buchanan Barnes (AKA The Winter Soldier) and that they were settling in on their own private floor. And although Darcy’s inner history nerd was practically buzzing with excitement at the thought of meeting Bucky freaking Barnes, she was at least mature enough to realize that:


Poor guy had gone through some SERIOUS shit and would not be the Bucky Barnes she had read about in history books, deprogramming or no.
Poor guy deserved all the privacy she could possibly give him because the Tower’s residents had very strange definitions of “privacy” and “personal space” (i.e. NO, Clint, you cannot just drop in through the air vents whenever you’re bored  or Tony, why do you know that my high school reunion is coming up—STOP HACKING MY EMAIL)
She was ever-so-slightly under-prepared to move a very small human into her apartment full-time for two weeks (who knew that cribs were so hard to assemble? who knew that Tony would insist on improving it to his own nebulous safety standards mid-construction? NOT DARCY) and so had plenty on her plate without considering the Tower's newest permanent resident.
 
All of which is to say that although they had been in the same building for just over 48 hours, Darcy Lewis had seen hide nor hair of James Buchanan Barnes or his keeper, Steven Grant Rogers. (Which, for real, what was up with the Old Timers and the over-use of their middle names? Less than a handful of people on this earth knew her middle name, and she had every intention of keeping it that way, thank you.)

Darcy had at least figured out that Claire would not fall asleep in her crib, but only in a cross-body sling while Darcy moved about (but like, only small and smooth movements, which was SERIOUSLY limiting) and sang to her. Once Claire was solidly asleep, Darcy could transfer her to the Tony-Stark-customized extravaganza but not a minute before because Claire would startle out of her sleepy state and start crying and Darcy would have to start the cycle all over again.

And the thing was that Darcy had to do this like, four times a day, because babies Claire’s age needed three naps during the day AND something like 10 hours of sleep at night which HELLO, JEALOUSY, THY NAME IS DARCY LEWIS.
 
So Darcy was in the common area, trying to wind Claire down for her second nap of the day by swaying back and forth while singing Disney songs ("A Dream is a Wish Your Heart Makes," anyone?) and absentmindedly reading the online edition of the Times where JARVIS had projected it onto the window.
And ok, she had fallen into a slightly over-optimistic sense of security because this was like, the eighth time she had done this in a common area of the Tower with no one noticing her dancing and singing with a goddamn infant strapped to her chest (aside from JARVIS, obviously) and so she MAY have moved past simple swaying and gotten a little too Disney Princess™ with the dance moves. 
Which is why she came very very close to shrieking in terror/surprise/embarrassment when she turned around to find two visibly amused super soldiers watching her from the doorway. But there was no WAY she was starting all over again trying to lull Claire to sleep, so instead of shrieking she simply put a finger to her lips and glared very emphatically to keep the boys quiet before pointing to the infant cocoon on her torso. James Buchanan Barnes (she really needed to figure out what she was allowed to call him, because the history textbook full-name thing was getting old, even in her own head) simply nodded, as did Steve, although he looked confused regarding the whole sudden-baby-acquisition thing. Darcy very carefully began to make her way to elevators, still humming some kind of nonsensical melody since Claire was thisclose to optimum sleep levels for the crib transfer while also signaling to Steve that she would be right back, on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Darcy Lewis loves a good stream of consciousness babble
Darcy Lewis babysits
Tony is offended by shoddy engineering
One Shot
rating is for some swearing
Darcy Lewis-centric

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

