Chapter 1





Chapter Text
After the first public appearance of the Avengers, Director Fury decided there would be no more public appearances of the Avengers. Tony Stark came within seconds of blurting classified information to the media, stopped only by Pepper Potts’ quick thinking. Natasha Romanov incapacitated a waiter who spilled a glass on her and felt up her anatomy under the pretense of ‘cleaning up.’ Clint Barton spent the night hiding in the rafters and throwing pointy things at Tony’s groupies. Thor was convinced to let people try picking up Mjolnir, which meant he had to summon Mjolnir - the damage to the roof was astronomical. Bruce Banner didn’t even show up.Steve Rogers was the only one Fury could trust not to cause an international scandal, and so the second public Avengers appearance was, in fact, a Captain America appearance.The next morning, Phil Coulson found himself summoned to Fury’s office.‘Some light reading, sir?’ Coulson asked, seeing the pile of tabloid magazines on his boss’s desk.‘Not funny, Coulson,’ Fury said. ‘I need you to fix this,’ he continued, tapping the pile. ‘The tabloid magazine industry? I’m not sure that’s possible, sir, nor is that part of SHIELD’s stated objectives.’Fury threw the top magazine at Coulson, who caught it and glanced at the cover. A blonde, who was almost clad in something that could almost be considered a dress, was draped over an awkward Captain America.‘Fix it, Coulson. Captain Rogers is the public face of this increasingly public secret organization - a secret organization, I might add, that became public when you started chasing myths in the desert - and I will not have Captain America involved in a tabloid scandal with some woman who doesn’t know the difference between a dress and a bandage!’‘These woman are like vultures, sir, unless you know a way to erect some sort of force field around Captain Rogers, I don’t think - ‘‘Find a way, Coulson.’ *** ‘Pepper?’‘Phil! How are you? Are you fully recovered?’‘I’m much better, thank you. Pepper, I need your help.’‘Oh, Tony’s not here at the moment. Is he not answering? I thought you were able to override JARVIS?’‘I can, but it’s not Tony I need, I need you. Are you busy? May I come to the office?’‘Of course, come right over. What do - can you tell me over the phone, or is it classified?’‘We need to find Captain Rogers a girlfriend.’An hour later, Coulson found himself seated in a boardroom at Stark Tower, surrounded by Pepper Potts, a pot of tea, and a large stack of employee files.‘We need someone around mid-twenties, smart - ‘‘But not a genius,’ Phil interrupted. ‘No more geniuses.’‘Not a genius,’ Pepper continued. ‘Pretty, but not shallow or vapid, preferably with current security clearance high enough to have immediate access to the Captain and the team, and most importantly, someone who is going to be able to get along with Steve.’‘Right,’ said Coulson.‘Are you sure we’re looking for a girl?’ Pepper asked. Coulson looked at her. ‘Just want to be sure,’ Pepper said. ‘We can re-set the search parameters if we should be looking for a boy.’‘No,’ Coulson said. ‘A girl. Not that SHIELD would have an issue -’ Pepper watched as he paused to consider the idea, ‘- in fact, it would be an excellent public relations story, but no. Past intel has shown we are looking for a girl.’They looked at the large pile of discarded records. ‘Well, okay then. How many left?’ asked Pepper.‘Five,’ said Coulson. ‘Four agents and one of yours.’‘I’m inclined to disregard the agents,’ Pepper told him. ‘You also need someone who is going to be believable and not look like a plant or a bodyguard. Your agents are very good at what they do, and they’ll be looking for security breaches and concealed weapons at every party. It will be patently obvious they are not actually dating Steve.’‘You’re right,’ Coulson agreed.‘How often do you say that to people who are not Director Fury?’ Pepper teased.‘Just you and him, Pepper,’ Coulson said gravely, although Pepper knew the agent well enough to know he was amused. ‘So who’s left of yours?’‘Darcy Lewis,’ Pepper read. ‘Assistant down in the labs - she came on board with Jane - ‘‘Foster,’ Coulson said. ‘You took on Darcy at the same time as Jane?’‘Package deal,’ Pepper said. ‘Dr Foster wouldn’t accept the job unless we gave Darcy one, too.’‘That sounds about right,’ Coulson said. Off Pepper’s look, he continued. ‘I met them when Thor arrived. I think Miss Lewis will be perfect.’ *** ‘You wanted me, Agent Coulson?’ Steve Rogers asked, knocking on the open office door.‘Yes, Captain. Please take a seat. We’d like you to attend a benefit tonight on behalf of the Avengers. It’s for the NYC Children’s Hospital.’‘Of course, sir. You didn’t need to waste your time with a meeting, I’m happy to do that.’‘You won’t be going alone,’ Coulson said, deciding ‘blunt’ was easier than ‘gentle’. He placed the magazine on the desk between them. Steve took a quick glance and reddened slightly.‘I apologize for tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Paparazzi
Coulson ships Steve/Darcy
Too much fluff
I wish I could write serious angst
but I can't
so this is over-the-top cute instead

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)

