Work Text:
The Asset looked around the new home his soul mate had taken him to.Decadent and spacious with large windows on the ground floor to overlook the ocean below.And in Malibu.“What do you think?” Tony spread out his arms and walked through the living room backwards as he showed off the place.“How are its defenses?” The Asset asked.Tony huffed and crossed his arms over his chest like he was angry, but his eyes sparkled in a manner that told the Asset that Tony was delighted. “One track mind you have there, don’t you?”“The tower was safe, and you had allies there to protect you should its defenses fail,” The Asset argued. “I assume this is equally safe, if not more.”Tony briskly marched up to the Asset and squeezed his shoulders. “I promise you it is. Besides, now we get a break from Steve and his disapproving face.”The Asset did his best not to scowl. He still was not fond of the Captain. The Captain was what the Asset assumed most considered “nice”, but the Captain always looked at the Asset like he expected more—like he wanted more. Nonetheless, the Asset had ignored the looks for the most part, but every now and then, something in his chest would twinge with annoyance. He did not like the reaction.“You still with me, buddy?” Tony asked, taking a step back.The Asset reached for Tony’s wrist and gently drew his soul mate to him. “I will follow you wherever you wish to go.”Worry flashed across Tony’s face, and he slipped his wrist out from the Asset’s hold. “You know, maybe such blind devotion isn’t such a good thing? You almost make me feel like a cult leader.”“You need more than one follower for a cult.”Tony blinked in surprise. “Did you just crack a joke?”The Asset strolled past Tony to examine the house more thoroughly.“You did, didn’t you?” Tony accused, tailing the Asset.“I was not programmed for humor.”“Neither was JARVIS and look how he turned out.”“My wit could never match yours, sir,” The voice from the ceiling answered.“I don’t like the windows,” the Asset said. “Makes for easy entry and attack.”“Well, they’d need to be flying over the ocean for that to happen,” Tony said as if his enemies couldn’t possibly come by some form of aircraft.The Asset level Tony with a look.Tony sighed and his shoulders drooped. “This is only temporary. We’ll be back at the tower in no time. Can you put up with the windows until then?”The Asset still didn’t like the windows, but he had not lied when he said he would follow Tony anywhere his soul mate desired, so he nodded.“Excellent! Let me show you the lab here! You’ll love it.”Something haunted Tony’s dreams.The Asset had learned that particular truth before Tony had moved them to Malibu. He’d suspected that the reason for the move had been because the dreams were slowly leaking out into the real world.The Asset had felt the telltale tingle that his soul mate was suffering and had accepted Tony’s pain without question, only for his lungs to burn and his throat to feel as if it had been sealed shut. He’d run to Tony, only to find his soul mate kneeled on the floor and pale.The Asset had reached for Tony. He had been batted away, and the Asset would normally accept such physical rejection, except Tony had kept trembling, and the Asset would not leave his soul mate in distress. He’d held Tony until the man stopped shaking.The number of times that had happened had been few before their move, but now that they were in Malibu, the Asset saw the behavior more and more. He worried for his soul mate, but he did not know what to do to cure his soul mate of these nightmares that plagued him during the day.He also saw that his soul mate was building an army of metal suits.At first the Asset was apprehensive; so many suits could only mean a large battle was coming. However, the hours tinkering in the workshop and the number of armors his soul mate created seemed to bring Tony unbridled joy. The Asset approved of this, so he joined Tony in his workshop. Sometimes he just sat and watched as Tony worked, and other times he practiced his combat skills. Tony had even designed a few battle dummies for the Asset, which were greatly appreciated.The only person who did not seem happy with this new routine was the woman known as Pepper Potts.The Asset had mixed feelings about her. She brought Tony joy, but she also reprimanded him for doing things he loved.It was a complex relationship that the Asset couldn’t begin to understand, but as long as Tony was happy overall, he wouldn’t interfere.Although, as Tony proceeded to test out the Mark Forty-Two on Pepper, even the Asset questioned the wisdom of Tony’s actions. He was not the least surprised when the woman marched down the stairs into the workshop.“This is a new level of lame, even for you,” Pepper said. Her gaze darted to the Asset. “Good evening, James.”The Asset grunted in greeting and continued his push ups.Pepper pursed her lips, appearing as if she wanted to say more, but didn’t know what else to say. So instead, she turned h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sequel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Iron Man 3 Spoilers
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 3
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark - Freeform
POV Multiple
Soul Mate AU
Pain Sharing
Forehead Touching
Sharing a Bed
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

