Work Text:
Darcy supposed that, all things considered, she should probably feel pretty darn lucky that the first person who found her when she landed in this universe was what appeared to be its equivalent to Captain America.  Granted, Superman was an alien, even-more-ridiculously-super-powered, Captain America, but there was a certain quality possessed by both men that made them seem instantly trustworthy to her.  Superman had oh-so-kindly offered to escort her to a place called the Titan’s Bower, or something like that, while he convened with his equivalent of the Avengers on what to do with their newest interdimensional visitor.The flying thing was both cool and also kind of terrifying.  At least with Thor there was a clear mechanism of travel: magic hammer made way more sense to Darcy than weird alien ability.  Was it gravity manipulation?  Telekinesis?  Superman didn’t offer an explanation and Darcy didn’t feel particularly comfortable pressing him.  Still, she was extremely happy to land on the odd t-shaped building he took her to, though not quite to an oh-thank-god-LAND! degree.Superman led her into the building, and she found herself in what looked like a pleasant rec room area.  There was a young man waiting for them.  “Good morning, Robin,” Superman greeted him, smiling.  “This is Ms. Lewis, she came through the portal we detected in Newbury Park.”Darcy waved at the boy in the domino mask, about to greet him when she noticed that there was something black on her hand.  She frowned when, instead of finding a grease or ink stain, she discovered writing on her palm.  “What the fuck?” she muttered to herself.“Excuse me?”Super-hearing, too?  Figures.  “Sorry, Superman, but it looks like somebody wrote on my hand and it definitely wasn’t me.”  Darcy held out her hand towards him, showing off the neatly printed Yes, you can follow me. that was written there.“It’s your soulmark,” the alien said.  “Do you… not have them in your universe?”“Definitely not.  What’s a soulmark?”“It’s a depiction of the first words your soulmate will say to you,” Robin explained.  “With very few exceptions, the words appear in your soulmate’s handwriting.  You come from a universe without soulmates?”Darcy shrugged, staring at her hand in confusion and wonder.  “We have the concept, but there’s no clear-cut way of finding them.  This is… huh.  If it showed up after I came through the portal, do you think my soulmate is here?”Superman frowned, “I don’t know.  That would make sense, since I would assume that if your soulmate was from your home dimension, you would not have gained words when you landed here.  This does mean that, if your soulmate is here, you will meet them before you can be returned to your home.”  He seemed troubled by that thought.“That’s assuming I even can go home,” she realized, hands clenching as the events of the morning caught up with her.  “There’s no way I could recreate the disaster that led to that stupid portal beaming me here.  For one thing, I don’t know the science, for another… I don’t even know if you have the same tech.  Or magic.  It was a really awful tech-magic combination.”“I will see what the other League members have to say.  In the meantime, Robin – please take care of Ms. Lewis.”  With a final nod, Superman left the building, flying straight up into the sky and out of sight within moments.Darcy turned back to Robin, who was watching her carefully.  “Um.  Well, first thing’s first: please call me ‘Darcy.’  Hearing ‘Ms. Lewis’ makes me think I’m in trouble.  Second thing… I assume ‘Robin’ is your call sign?  Code name?  Secret identity?”“Code name.  My birth name is my ‘secret identity,’” he offered.“Right.  That’s complicated.  None of the heroes I know have secret identities anymore.”“You know heroes in your dimension?”Darcy, suddenly realizing that she had a brand new audience for ‘stupid shit the Avengers have done’ stories, smiled wickedly.  “Oh, yes.  Heroes and misfits and mad scientists galore…”…Three hours later and she was regaling an entire team of teenage superheroes with the best of ‘Iron Man’s Sleep Debt Engineering Failures’ with a side of ‘Strangest Shit Hawkeye Has Brought Home From a Mission.’  She had yet to dip into ‘Worst Multicultural Mishaps Featuring Thor and/or Captain America,’ but she thought she’d save it until after ‘Ways Black Widow Has Ended a Fight Before It Started.’Starfire shook her head in reaction to Darcy’s latest anecdote: “I do not believe I have ever seen a dog of that size.”Darcy snorted, “Nobody had.  That thing was definitely at least part wolf, and also a mutant.”“Ooh, ooh, did it look like this?!” Beast Boy asked, hopping down from his stool and morphing into a massive bear-like dog very similar to the creature she’d just finished describing.She took his sudden species-swap in stride, squinting at his new form.  “Curlier fur, bigger teeth, and longer legs.  Yeah,” she said when he made the appropriate changes, “just imagine that, but dark gray 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Romantic Soulmates

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Bruce Wayne

