Work Text:
It was a beautiful winter evening. Darcy had finally finished her Christmas shopping and was allowing herself a moment of quiet with a cup of hot chocolate before she sat down to tackle the madness of wrapping everything.Snow was falling lightly, and she watched the city slowly disappear under a haze of white.And then a person fell past her window from above.She didn’t quite scream, but she did drop her hot chocolate. Now that she was  not  daydreaming and admiring the winter wonderland, she realized that she could hear thumps, crashes, and shouts coming through the ceiling.She had to do something. Had to help. She was pretty sure her cell was in her purse, which was under a mountain of purchases. So instead of wasting time digging for it, she grabbed the baseball bat she kept handy, abandoned her rapidly staining living room rug, and made her way up the rickety stairs. The shouting had stopped, but the door to the apartment directly above hers was ajar. Something was definitely wrong here.Darcy tentatively pushed the door open and called out, “Hello? Is everything okay up here?” There was no answer, so she knocked before entering. “I live downstairs; I just want to make sure you’re all right…”A jaunty Christmas tune was coming from the living room as Darcy tiptoed inside, leaving the door open behind her. Her gasp of horror at the arrows pincushioning the prone figure behind the couch caught the attention of the guy across the room who was calmly working on hanging decorations.He looked startled at her presence.She looked between him and the…body… and the open window behind him.“Are you really putting up  Christmas lights  at a time like this?!” she shouted, gesticulating wildly with the baseball bat.He held out his hands to calm her and was about to reply when impeccably timed jack-booted thugs arrived, shoved guns in her face, tore her bat from her hands, tossed her against the wall, and patted her down. She protested loudly, proclaiming that she was not involved, that she didn’t know her upstairs neighbor, that she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time—!All movement came to a halt when someone yelled, “Let her go! She’s my  Soulmate!”Darcy looked around, wondering which one of the unfortunate jackbooted thugs had her screeches about Miranda rights all over them.“I'm sorry about this,” came the words. “There was a serious bad guy situation… and then I got bored waiting for backup.” Several people moved out of her way, and she got a glimpse of the speaker: her neighbor. He was really cute, but that information didn’t really matter to her at that moment.She turned a blank look at a nearby thug. “Please tell me my Soulmate isn't a superhero,” she begged.The thug shrugged. “Sorry,” she offered lamely.“Great,” Darcy moaned. “He couldn’t be a cop or an army guy. No. Fate is all like, ‘Darcy, you seem like a nice girl; here, have a superhero!’”“I’m a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent,” her Soulmate clarified, rifling through his pockets before producing a wallet and flashing her a silver badge. “Apparently my place isn’t as secure as I thought it was.”Darcy stared at him unhappily. “So the guy you chucked out the window—that was, what, self-defense?”“It was him or me,” he confirmed.“Okay. Right. You or him.” She shook her head. “I’m… gonna go now. Uh, you know where to find me. So… later.” She nodded decisively, took her bat  back  from the thug who’d stolen it, then turned and marched out. As she reached the door, she looked back, pointed at her Soulmate with the bat, and added, “Oh, and you owe me a rug!” 
 Except apparently he  didn’t  know where to find her.  She’d half-expected him to follow her immediately; when he didn’t, she’d assumed that he was… cleaning up… or debriefing, or whatever it was that “S.H.I.E.L.D. agents” did after a “serious bad guy situation.” She spent her evening wrapping presents, trying not to think about the two dead guys she’d seen, and waiting for him to show up. She gave up and went to bed a little after three.But then he continued to not show up the next day, and the next day, and the day after that.She gave up on any idea of seeing him again when she saw her new neighbors moving into the upstairs apartment.At least, she did until she received a very nice replacement rug a week or so after she’d bought one for herself. With it came a cell phone with one number already programmed in, which she called immediately.It rang twice before he answered. “Not a great time,” he said, sounding distracted. She heard something that sounded an  awful  lot like gunfire in the background.“Is that—are people  shooting at you?  Or are  you shooting at people?”“Yes.”“Then  why did you answer your phone?” “Well, it was  you.”“...that is both the sweetest and stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. Call me back later and  don’t die, okay?”“‘Kay. If it helps, my track record for not dying is pretty solid. I’m not planning on—” He stopped talking abruptly, and Darcy listened, with bated breath, to the sou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff and Crack
Phone Calls & Telephones
Dorks in Love
Awesome Darcy Lewis
SHIP DARCY LEWIS WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis

