Chapter 1: Employment
    




Chapter Text
It was sweltering, but Loki barely blinked. He was nothing if not perfectly polished, his cravat tied just so, his shoes shined and not even a speck of dirt on them. He held his hat politely as the old man looked over his credentials again. There was no real point other than the look of the thing. No doubt they'd already been gone through with the utmost care."Very impressive," Odin said eventually. "You have glowing reports.""Thank you, sir.""All in the capital or other cities though. Tell me, what makes an urbanite like you want to come to the country?"
The money.
"The city was becoming a little too loud and smoky even for me. Out here, breathing feels healthier. And it's wonderful to hear nature in all her glory."Another thorough once over. He could tell what Odin was thinking, it was practically written on every line of his face. Loki was evidently not a working man, as they thought of it. Despite his wealth, Odin was hands-on with his estate and valued physical work. Loki had read up on him, of course, what little there was to read. It paid to be prepared.Then again, since Loki was a man of letters and that was the entire point of his being there, surely it was only right that he lacked a few callouses in exchange for extra vocabulary.Odin nodded brusquely."Well, I will not lie to you. You will be the third tutor we have employed this year. I trust that you will help Thor make progress where others have failed."Third? Well, wasn't that intriguing?"Is he a difficult boy? Moody? Bad-tempered?""If he was, I might know what to do with him. Thor is... Well, everyone adores him and he knows it. I fear his mother, God rest her, was a little too indulgent with him."Evasive, passing the blame. No doubt Odin had been equally lenient with his angel of a son. It was nigh-on impossible in Loki's experience for only one parent to be at fault if their little darling turned into a viper. Children were like dogs, in that respect. They needed structure and consistency."So his other tutors were over kind? Don't worry. I am a firm believer in discipline when necessary."Perhaps Odin looked a little apprehensive at that, more proof that he was not immune to his son's techniques. Oh, Loki was looking forward to meeting this one. At least he sounded interesting. It would make up for being stuck in the middle of nowhere if he could really mould the boy, make him into a proper young gentleman."Thor is an expert in the day to day running of the estate, in terms of what happens in the fields and barns. He loves being out among the workers and they love him for that. But he must get to grips with the accounts, the correspondence, all the paperwork for pay and rent collection."Basics. Hopefully he was at least literate. Teaching the alphabet was possibly Loki's least favourite activity, especially to older, bored charges."And I... I would like Thor to be able to take his place amongst other young men of fortune. I never took a grand tour, but I think seeing Europe and its splendours would be good for my son. Alas, I fear he is not cultured enough at present and I would hate for him to feel embarrassed or lesser compared to others..."A crash course of languages and literature as well? That was rather a lot. And he could feel the father's concern. They had only been gentry for around three generations after all. Several of the most prominent families would turn their noses up at them, only owning one large estate, especially if the boy was anything less than spectacular in all departments."I'll do my best with him," Loki said.Odin stood and offered his hand to shake. Excellent. Not that Loki had ever feared that he wouldn't be hired. It seemed Odin was rather desperate to get his son sorted out before it was too late."Would you like to meet Thor?""If he is here, certainly.""Oh, he normally comes home for his midday meal."He lead Loki out into the yard, limping slightly as he went. Loki wondered if he needed a cane but dared not offer his arm in case it caused offence. And once outside, in the distance, he could hear hoofbeats.Blond hair streaming in the wind, shirt open halfway to reveal a hairless but sweat-soaked chest, black trousers spattered with mud to the knee and boots that could be any colour, Thor might have sprung directly from the fantasies of a young girl. Not that Loki knew much about such things, though his last female pupil had been fourteen and dreadfully fond of romances. At least that meant she was reading. He had let her devour her novels so long as she always swapped them for a philosophy book if so much as a footstep was heard outside the room. He was strict, but no sadist.Thor cantered into the yard, laughing, his skin golden brown and the healthy build of an active young man obvious as he dismounted and handed his reins to a waiting stable boy."Thor," Odin said firmly. "This is Mr Laufeyson, your new tutor. I trust you are eager to get back to your books?"Loki felt a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Historical
Older Loki
Tutoring
Private Tutor
inappropriate relationship
Thor is a brat
but a loveable brat
Seduction
Incredibly clumsy seduction
Bottom Thor
Class Differences
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Rimming
Intercrural Sex
Travel
Angst
Sad Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

