Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 When Harry woke from his nap he had a moment of vertigo. He noted that he was laying on a threadbare cot in a utilitarian room. Which made no sense at all.A year ago this wouldn’t have been noteworthy at all. He found it rather odd now. He specifically remembered falling asleep on the couch in his apartment.An apartment in New York, not in what appeared to be a military base of some kind. At least judging by the minimalist, nondescript decor.To top it all off the room was very familiar… he’d definitely been here before.Realization hit in a flash.“Ah, are you kidding me?” Harry complained as he sat up his grogginess fading in the wake. “This doesn’t prove anything!”“She got you fair and square, Potter.”Harry whirled to face the door, “She sedated and kidnapped me when I just got off the clock after a 48 hour shift. With little to no sleep may I add, that is not fair!”“You’re the one who decided it was prudent to be a doctor in your retirement.” Agent Phil Coulson shrugged. “You can argue semantics with Romanoff later, Fury needs you on the bridge.”With a grudging scowl Harry stumbled out of bed. Only to look down and have his temper rise again, “She undressed me too?!”Coulson snorted.
Harry stalked onto the bridge, bristling with anger.“Careful Potter, your hairs standing on end again.” Natasha Romanoff observed, an amused smirk crossing her face.Automatically, Harry raised a hand in a futile attempt to tame his hair.“Sod off, Romanoff.” He snarled as he took his customary seat across from her.“It’s a fair point,” Maria Hill, Fury’s right hand woman and their administrative tyrant chimed in. “The angrier you are, the worse your hair gets.”Harry growled.“Children.” Coulson rebuked with a firm glare.But his response was lacking the usual amused undertone. It fell completely flat.That difference caught Harry’s attention. Calming himself with a few deep breaths he looked around and tried to figure out what was off. The idea that something was wrong bounced around in the back of his mind but he couldn’t quite figure it out…Harry snapped his fingers as he had an epiphany, “Barton!” He swiveled in his chair to look at Fury who was standing with his back to them as he looked over the bridge, “Where is he? Late?”Fury turned around. One look at his face had Harry sitting up in his chair, donning the frame of mind he’d cultivated as an Auror.“Something’s happened.” He stated, dispassionate, when no one came forth with answers. “At first I assumed Romanoff was just bored and pulling my pigtails. But if you’ve really brought me out of retirement this has got to be big.”Fury scowled at his supposition, but nodded. “It was Loki. You were briefed on him before, were you not?”Nodding, Harry gestured for him to continue.“He attacked one of our research facilities, no, he blew up one of our facilities.”Natasha stared, Maria wouldn't meet Harry’s gaze and Coulson was as unflappable as ever.Fury didn’t pay any of them any mind, focusing his one eyed glare on Harry. “That’s not all. Barton was compromised.” Here he paused. “By what appeared to be magic Loki wielded with a staff of some kind.”That last part got Harry’s attention for reasons only Fury and Coulson were aware of.“Magic, you say? And Barton’s completely under his control?”“He shot me.” Fury deadpanned.Harry shot to his feet and in two steps was at Fury’s side, “What the hell, Fury? Where’d he shoot you? And please don’t tell me you pulled the arrow out yourself.” Harry demanded stridently as he grabbed Fury’s wrist and took his pulse.Raising an amused eyebrow, Fury let Harry get as far as flashing a pen light in his uncovered eye before pushing the shorter man back.Harry caught himself with ease and scowled.Fury raised a placating hand. “For one, he used a gun not his arrows.”At that Harry’s eyes widened and he opened his mouth (Undoubtedly to go off again but Fury interrupted him before he could) “And he hit my vest. Other than a bruise I’m fine.”The surprised Doctor and retired (Reinstated?) S.H.E.I.L.D. agent’s mouth closed with a snap.Agents Hill and Coulson traded exasperated looks. They both turned back to their respective cell PDAs. Waiting for the conversation to get back on topic.After a moment Harry turned contemplative, “He used a gun? And he shot you in the vest?” Harry hummed as he retook his seat and stared at his hands thoughtfully.Fury growled.Harry looked up, having apparently momentarily forgotten they were there. “I think there’s a good chance this mind control isn’t perfect. And that even then Barton was fighting it.”Romanoff’s head jerked up. Paying attention to the conversation for the first time since Fury declared Barton compromised.“Why?” She demanded, leaning over the table, and subsequently closer to Harry.Green eyes flickered to her for a brief moment before turning their focus back on the Director.“This is Barton we’re talking about,” Harry 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
Harry Potter & Strike Team Delta
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Team Bonding
Crossover
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
hp Crossover
Harry is a retired shield agent
who's not so retired anymore
which changes everything
well small things
Master of Death Harry Potter
ish?
not crazy superpowered or immortal
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Relationships
Movie rewrite
Sort Of
for MCU anyways

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Avengers Team
Harry Potter & Strike Team Delta
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

