Chapter 1: Hangover Stew
    




Chapter Text
It takes a full week of sleeping together before Tony agrees to let Steve call the points. They’ve just woken up in Tony’s bed, and he’s warm and he’s happy, and it’s about damn time to share that joy with their friends.
“Take the picture,” Tony says, nuzzling Steve’s neck. “Call it.”
Steve grabs his phone from the nightstand and they tilt in close, their bare shoulders just visible at the bottom of the frame, as Steve snaps the selfie. Both of them have mussed up hair, and sleepy smiles, and there is no mistaking the content and relaxed way they lean into each others' touch.
Steve looks positively gleeful as he types out his message then presses send.
Steve: +100 x 8 or 9 (I’ve lost track) to Tony for Getting Steve Laid. Over and over. So much sex, seriously guys, you don’t even know.
Tony only sees Steve’s commentary when he glances at his own phone, and then he laughs and rolls on top of Steve to wrestle his phone away from him so he can kiss him before the group reactions start coming in. And boy do they come in.
Tony had never seen so many victory GIFS. Or eggplant emojis. Clint has infinite amounts of creativity stored up for just this sort of occasion.
The congratulations continue when they get to work. Tony walks Steve to his desk, and Bucky has coffee waiting for them. Starbucks coffee.
“Only the classiest shit for our lover boys,” Bucky proclaims.
Tony laughs extra hard when he realizes the hand-written name on his cup is simply +100 x 8 or 9.
“We need to celebrate with a hundred shot salute tonight at the bar!” Clint insists. “There’s what... 8 of us? Divided by... 100 drinks. So everyone gets... fucking morning math,” he whines. “Hurts my head.”
“12.5,” Bucky and Tony answer in unison.
“Nerds,” Clint sighs.
Though as soon as Bucky settles a Starbucks cup in Clint’s hands he look supremely content.
“You’re the nerd, nerd,” Bucky says, leaning down to kiss Clint on top of the head, like he does every morning. “What do you think all the angles you calculate off the top of your head are? Social Studies? No. Geometry is math.”
“Lies!” Clint declares.
“Sorry, Barton. I’m giving it to your boyfriend on that one. Geometry is the nerdiest,” Tony agrees.
“I hate all of you and everything,” Clint sighs.
His eyes close as he brings his coffee up to his lips, and then the sigh Clint lets out after he swallows is pure filth.
“Get a room!” Sam teases as he walks up to join them.
Natasha isn’t far behind. She steps up behind Sam and wraps her arms around his waist.
“Or find a supply closet,” Natasha suggests. “No one wants to watch you two go at it.”
“I do!” Kate says, as she arrives for the morning. “Who are we watching?”
“Clint and Bucky,” Sam laughs.
Kate makes a horrified face. “Umm, oops. I take that back, because that’s going to be a hard pass. Unless Bucky wants to give us a show all on his own?”
Clint sticks out his tongue at her and then runs a hand over his own chest ridiculously. “Just cause you can’t handle this heat.”
“No. Because my pansexual awesomeness ends right at you.”
"That hurts me, Kate," Clint says.  "Here."  He flexes a muscle as he points at his own heart.
Bruce walks up on Kate’s last few of words and she holds up her fist to him for a fistbump.
“See? Bruce knows what I’m talking about.”
“Bruce needs coffee,” Bruce says with a yawn. He does fistbump her though, and that gets a huge smile from Kate. “After coffee, I will weigh in on whatever this is.”
“Yes, coffee,” Kate says, holding out her hands. “Where’s mine?”
Bucky pulls more coffee cups out of the carrying container on Clint’s desk.
“This must have cost you a fortune,” Kate says, eyeing the Starbucks cup happily.
Tony feels a pang at that. He wants to offer to pay because that’s just what he does when he feels like the people around him don’t have money for things, but Bucky looks right at him and gives him that disarmingly flirtatious smile he uses when he’s serious business about getting his way.
“Don’t even think about it,” Bucky adds, biting down on the corner of his bottom lip. “It’s the least we can do for you making an honest man out of our Stevie.”
Bucky tilts his head down slightly, making his blue eyes grow wide and he leans more weight on one leg, and sticks a hand in his pocket which is just doing things for his physique that seem entirely unfair. Barnes is a menace.
“Fine,” Tony agrees. “But since you took care of coffee I’m paying for all our drinks tonight. No arguments.”
Once he gets his way, Bucky turns off his flirty charm as quickly as he turned it on. The smile that's left behind on Bucky's face is entirely sincere.
“Don’t think any of the rest of us could afford 100 shots big guy,” Bucky says, giving Tony a playful pat on the arm. “Tonight it’s all on you.”
*
Apparently the only thing that can make Free Fry Friday more awesome than it already is, is the prospect of 12.5 shots per person from the top shelf of the bar. Tony can’t stop laughing as he watches Clint an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Office
No super powers
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bucky Barnes is a menace
Hawkeye and Hawkeye - Freeform
Fluff
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Everybody
fluff with a plot
Asexual Character
Pansexual Character
Found Family

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

