Work Text:
Pepper knew that Tony was not actually capable of scheduling emergency Avengers missions so that they would blow her meticulously planned schedule to tiny, tiny pieces.  He did not have any conscious control over when the world would fall into peril.  She knew this.   It just seemed like he did when he somehow managed to be called out just moments before the few events, meetings, and appearances she managed to get him to agree to.
On the positive side, every missed event generated her an IOU.
On the negative side, she had roughly twenty IOUs saved up at this point because it just kept happening.
Which led her to her current situation: trotting down the hall towards one of the new labs Tony had installed near the residential floors in order to greet the newest inhabitants of the Tower.  She should be prepping for her 10:30 update meeting with R&D.  Tony should be greeting the newest members of his elite little science coterie.  Thor should be greeting his girlfriend.  Unfortunately, there were octopi approximately the size of school busses attacking San Francisco so instead she was the one who had to find an extra fifteen minutes in an already-packed day in order to check in and be the face of the Tower.  JARVIS, though a dear, was still bodiless and that could be a bit off-putting for newcomers.
She paused outside the lab, taking a few deep breaths and focusing to make sure the stink of frustration didn’t linger too obviously.  Foster, Selvigg, and Boothby were all alphas and the last thing she needed was to set them further off-balance when they were already dealing with the issues inherent with setting up shop in what was so obviously another alpha’s territory.  Lewis was an omega, which would help, but not if Pepper made her feel uncomfortable or unwelcome.
Feeling calmer, Pepper put on a practiced smile, then signaled for JARVIS to open the door, stepped through, and –
The moment she breathed in the smells of the lab, everything went sharp and gilt-edged.  Her eyes scanned rapidly while her lungs strained to take in as much air as she could.  In her peripheral vision she saw Foster and Selvigg look up and freeze, she saw Boothby back away with his hands up to show they were empty, but her focus was on Lewis.  Her eyes locked onto Darcy and everything she’d been worrying about, every other concern faded into insignificance in comparison to this, meeting the omega she and Tony had quietly hoped for.
Pepper took a small step forward, mouth opening and closing as she tried to find something to say.
Darcy grinned at her obvious discomfiture and let out a welcoming chirrup.
At the clear invitation, she closed the distance between them and carefully wrapped her arms around the shorter woman, ducking down to tuck her face against the soft, sweet-smelling skin of the omega’s neck.
God, she smelled fantastic.  Like dark, sweet cherries and brown sugar and –
Darcy hugged Pepper back and started petting her hair.
Oh.
Oh, damn.  Tony would never let her live this down.
Pepper was purring.
…
Tony froze when he entered the penthouse common area and was immediately inundated with the scents of three new alphas.  He smiled, the better to display his canines, and twirled one of his armor-summoning wrist cuffs (they were not bracelets, no matter what Pepper said) as he headed towards the kitchen: the source of the scents.

It took one look at the trio sitting around the table for his aggression to melt away into confusion.  One look, and an accusatory, “YOU!” from the woman he recognized as Dr. Foster, a woman he was pretty sure he hadn’t met in person before, and should therefore (hopefully) not have accidentally pissed off.  Who knew, though?  His ability to push others’ buttons was probably near superhuman levels.
“Yes?  Me?  I do live here, I would have thought you’d expect me,” he said.
“You!” she said again, jabbing a finger at him and swaying a little in her chair – Dr. Foster, he realized, was drunk and (judging by the scant number of beer bottles visible on the table) a lightweight – “You stole my favorite Darcy!”
“…what?”
“She’s the only Darcy you know,” Dr. Selvigg said, looking a little amused.
“So?”  Dr. Foster was apparently a belligerent drunk.  “She’s still my favorite!”
Tony sighed.  He had just spent the last several hours crisping enough over-sized octopi to keep all of San Francisco well-fed on calamari for at least a week, there were three new alphas being added to the volatile mix that was Avengers Tower, Wanda and Steve had not stopped bickering the entire return flight because of some off-hand comment Cap had made and Pietro had taken offense to, and on top of that he’d gotten a front-row seat to the first meeting of Namor and Natasha – surprise soulmates, though how they’d navigate that bond was anyone’s guess.  He was tired and smelled faintly of seafood and all he wanted was to find Pepper and hold her until the urge to automate his suit and escape to Tahiti for a few months of sun and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Darcy Lewis
Alpha Tony Stark
Beta Pepper Potts
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
That one ABO AU where you recognize your perfect match/soulmate by smell.
Scenting
Sensuality

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

