Chapter 1





Chapter Text

James Rhodes was confident in his ability to remain calm in high stress situations. Being best friends with Tony Stark will do that to a guy.
 
Stark shows up completely plastered to another board meeting? Eh, nothing to see there.
 
Stark’s newest assistant runs from the Malibu mansions cursing up a blue streak at their former employer? Rhodey can sympathize with that, actually. 
 
He had a similar reaction when he met JARVIS for the first time. Well, he says “met,” but Rhodey first faced off with the AI when he tried using his copy of the mansion’s key, only to be on the business end of a machine gun that came out of a hidden panel and a computerized British man asking him If he has a scheduled appointment with Sir because if not he was going to have to be asked to leave the premises. After a near heart attack, lots of confused yelling from Tony and scolding from Rhodey because you can’t just go around creating AI’s goddamn it, Tony, Rhodey was properly introduced to JARVIS, and finally, Rhodey had someone else to help look after Tony. 
 
So yeah, Rhodey was great about keeping a cool head when the situation called for it. Unfortunately, now was not one of those times.
 
He stared down at the little girl standing on Tony’s doorstep, mouth opening and closing like a fish. Rhodey blinked, thinking perhaps his years of friendship with Tony finally cracked his mind. Nope, still there. She looked back up at him, blue eyes almost to large for her face with her wide-eyed curiosity. The toddler was barefoot and wearing a dirty red sundress, and her hair was a giant mess of curls that looked like it hadn’t been brushed properly in days. In one hand she held a small blue stuffed robot, and in the other was an envelope.
 
Rhodey was thankfully saved from his gaping by JARVIS cutting into the impromptu staring contest between the two.
 
“Sir, might I suggest returning inside? I’ve detected no threat from the child.”
 
The AI’s voice broke through the fog clouding Rhodey’s mind, and he ushered the little girl ahead of him into the mansion. He looked incredulously at the nearest security camera when JARVIS’s final comment sank in,“Of course she’s not a threat! Jeez, she’s probably only three for Christ’s sake!”
 
“Two,” a little voice piped up. The tiny girl had shuffled ahead of Rhodey, not scared of her new surroundings or Rhodey in the slightest, and determinedly made her way to the sofa where she began to pull herself up on the overstuffed monstrosity. 
 
Returning his focus to the little girl, Rhodey kneeled down so that he was no longer towering over her. He smiled to himself slightly at the little huffing noises she made as she struggled to climb the sofa. She was too damn cute. After another minute of watching the stubborn little girl, she finally made her way onto the cushions and sat up and looked patiently at Rhodey. Mentally giving himself a shake, he was determined to handle this like the proper grown-ass man he was and figure out what the hell was happening. Taking a deep breath, Rhodey engaged the girl.
 
“What was that, sweetheart?”
 
“I’m two! Not three, silly,” She smiled, her chubby cheeks flushed from her exertion, “I got Jeffrey for my birthday! See?” She thrusted the stuffed robot in front of her, smacking Rhodey in the face with it in her excitement.
 
Laughing, Rhodey gently pushed the robot out of his face and looked back to the energetic girl, “He’s really neat, sweetheart. My name is Rhodey. What’s your name?”
 
“Hi, Rhodey! I’m Darcy!”
 
“Why were you outside the door, Darcy?”
 
Darcy looked confused for a moment, before looking down at the forgotten envelope in the hand not clutching Jeffrey. “Momma’s friend Dave said to give it to whoever answered the door and to stay with them,” she then handed it to Rhodey, whose brow was furrowed in anger as he took it from her. The front of the envelope read Deliver to: Asshole Stark.
 
“He just left you by yourself? JARVIS?”
 
“From the security feeds, it appears that a car stopped about halfway down the street where a man exited and took Miss Darcy from the car, then pointed her in the direction of the mansion. The man returned to the car and drove off, and Miss Darcy walked the rest of the way here. I would have traced the car, but it was without proper license plates.”  Rhodey made a mental note to congratulate Tony later on his coding because the usually unflappable AI sounded very disapproving and a bit angry.
 
That thought stopped Rhodey cold. Shit, Tony. Tony whose house I am in. Tony who will be back soon. Where there is an abandoned toddler sitting on his couch. He’s going to kill me. Rhodey sighed, and closed his eyes and tried to calm his nerves. He opened them again when Darcy spoke up.
 
“Is there a man in the ceiling?” she looked positively thrilled by the idea, and Rhodey couldn’t help but chuckle at her enthusiasm.
 
“No, sweetheart, that’s JARVIS. He’s a really smart computer that my friend Tony made.”
 
J
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Logan (X-Men)
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team
Darcy Lewis & Johnny Storm
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Loki/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
baby darcy - Freeform
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Uncle Rhodey
JARVIS is the best big bro
Mutant!Darcy
brief mention of terminal illness
Brief Mention of Suicide
Not detailed at all
I promise
Uncle Happy
Darcy is queen of the bots
mild descriptions of torture
Mild descriptions of violence
Smut
NSFW
hubba hubba
Fluff
Humor
Angst
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Torture
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Logan (X-Men)
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team
Darcy Lewis & Johnny Storm
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Loki/Wanda Maximoff

