Work Text:
It was six months after the Chitauri invasion, and Steve was trudging through a mountainous hive, up to his knees in bee-person gunk.
The worker bee-women could fly, so Tony, Clint, and Thor fought wave after wave of them. The queen and attendants couldn't fly and were holed up in this disgusting, gunky hive thing. Steve and Natasha, grounded by default, were working their way through the hive toward the queen while the Hulk smashed through from the other side. The hive was so vast that all Steve could hear of the Hulk's rampage was a distant thumping and an occasional, far-off roar.
Steve glanced back to the opening of the tunnel he'd entered, trying to catch a glimpse of Tony or Thor. But he couldn't see sky, just the brown stubble of the Iowa cornfield from which this monstrous hive arose. He hated not being able to see his team. Still, judging by what was coming over the comm, they were making slow but steady progress. Steve thought it was kind of like fighting the Chitauri, only with corn and gross honey-goop instead of skyscrapers and Loki. And without an interdimensional portal or nuclear bombs.
Okay, so not that much like the Chitauri.
Steve and Natasha settled into a rhythm, even bogged down as they were in bee-person-honey-gunk dripping down from the blasted-apart honeycomb above (and he really did not want to think about what that sludge was made of). He couldn't throw his shield because he was afraid it would get stuck deep in the walls, but he could deflect the bee-people's giant stingers with it and use it to chop through the walls while Natasha covered him. They were both coated in gunk, and it was a good thing someone had tossed them some goggles or else their eyes would be glued shut.
"We have to get that queen," Tony said over the comm. "Not that I don't love taking out thousands of bee-people — beeple! — but as long as that queen is alive she'll keep laying eggs or whatever and we'll just have to come back and do this all over again."
"How far are Black Widow and I from the queen?" Steve asked.
"JARVIS has you about a hundred yards away to the southeast," Tony replied. "You're in a sort of giant cul-de-sac at the moment, so you'll have to bust through some walls, Kool-Aid-Man-style."
"All right," Steve said. "I don't know what that means, but Widow and I can take care of this. We'll take out the queen. Iron Man, Hawkeye, Thor, just keep the workers busy out there."
"By 'workers,' you mean 'beeple,' right, Cap?" Tony said.
"No," Steve grunted, slamming his shield into the wall. 
"Shut up, Iron Man. We're on it, Cap," said Hawkeye.
"Indeed!" Thor said over the crackle of lightning.
The comm went quiet for a while, except for the occasional comments from the outside team coordinating their efforts and cracking jokes. Every time Steve hacked through a wall, bits of wax and goop flew through the air. Most of them seemed to land on his face. He kept having to stop to scrape the accumulated gunk off his shield. 
It felt like they were stuck in an endless loop. It took him about a dozen strikes to weaken a wall enough that he could level the shield and burst through. Eventually even his muscles ached: his shoulders and back burned from swinging the shield, his thighs from slogging through the goop on the ground. He didn't know how Natasha could still move so nimbly. She took out bee-person after bee-person, her blows just as precise as when they'd started. 
By the increasing numbers rushing at them down hallways and swarming through the holes he'd made in the walls, he could tell they were getting close to the queen. And then he burst through one last wall, and he was faced with about two hundred angry bee-women, including one so much larger than the rest that she had to be the queen.
"We've got a couple hundred in here with the queen," Natasha said over the comm as they dove in tandem into the attacking swarm. "We could use some backup."
Steve could hear the Hulk getting closer, though it was difficult to tell just how close he was over the thunk of the shield and the deafening buzz of the bee-people.
"I have something I want to try," Tony said.
"Iron Man, you keep fighting the ones that fly!" Steve said. "The Hulk can help us out more in here —"
But the room exploded in a fireball before he could finish his sentence. Tony dropped through the ceiling and leveled his repulsors.
"Get out of here!" Tony yelled. Just as he blasted at the queen, though, the Hulk crashed through from the other side, and their combined force brought down the whole hive. The last thing Steve saw was Natasha disappearing under a wall and a pile of bee-people, the whole place going up in flames like the gigantic candle it was, as the roof collapsed on him.
At least being buried alive in bee-person goop was warmer than being buried alive in ice. Still, by the time the Hulk dug him out, Steve was choking on panic and gunk.
Natasha emerged practically unscathed, in that eerie way she had of sliding through the most
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
past Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Hate Sex
Pining
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Angst
Porn With Plot
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Steve Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Angst
From Sex to Love
Tony Stark's Subtextual Feels
Get Together
Slow Build
Frottage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
past Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

