Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"I bought you a bakery."Most people would probably respond to that statement with something eloquent. Given that it's just past midnight, they've been fighting for two days straight, and Bucky's eyes aren't all the way open anymore, he considers the confused, "Huh?" he gets out to be perfectly adequate."It's our six month anniversary," Tony says, still brandishing keys in front of Bucky's face. He looks as tired and beat up as the rest of them, especially now that he's out of the armor, but strangely excited. Or nervous, it's hard to tell. "Yours and Steve's and mine, I mean. So I bought you a bakery just down the street from Stark Tower. It's been fully renovated with a state of the art kitchen and I have my best interior designer on standby to decorate it however you want."Bucky dumbly holds his hand up, letting Tony drop the shiny keys into his palm. He stares at them, well aware of the eyes on them. Natasha and Coulson have the kindness to at least pretend they're not paying attention; Thor, Bruce, Steve and even Clint, who is supposed to be focused on flying the quinjet, are all openly watching them. Tony clears his throat, his face faintly pink, and turns to Steve next."I wasn't sure what to get you. But I realized the other day I never went through my dad's old shit to see what was left of your stuff. He collected a lot of it, you know, and I figured you'd want to have it. So that's what I've been doing over the past week. I went through every box, gathered up whatever I thought you'd want to have, and had it sent to your floor at the tower. It should be there now. There's lots of pictures of Aunt Peggy, and some of my dad and your old team, and -""Tony, thank you," Steve says, standing up and pulling Tony into a warm hug. His eyes meet Bucky's over the top of Tony's head, and Bucky knows exactly what he's thinking. Neither of them got anything for Tony.Well, okay. A little part of Bucky is also wondering what the fuck he's gonna do with a bakery."It was nothing," Tony mumbles, and it never ceases to amaze Bucky how humble Tony can be. Everyone's first impression of Tony Stark is that the guy never shuts up, and he definitely never stops gushing about how awesome his work is. But few people realize just how little Tony talks about himself seriously; his comments, if they're not self-deprecating, are always meant to be taken as jokes. He talks and talks to deflect away from what really matters, and that's how Bucky knows exactly how difficult it was for Tony to go through those boxes.He gets up too and lets the gentle sway of the quinjet bring him closer, until he can wrap his own arms around his partners. "Thanks," he says quietly. "But I don't know what I'm supposed to do with a bakery."Tony cracks a smile. "You bake and you sell. So basically what you do now, except you charge people money.""Except for your loyal teammates," Clint says quickly, looking panicked at the thought that he might not get Bucky's homemade sweets for free. "You know, the ones who save your ass on a regular basis?""Don't worry," says Tony, "he'll need taste testers."Clint whoops and turns back around to look out the windshield. Bucky rolls his eyes and puts his head down on Tony's hair, thinking. A bakery. It sounds kinda fancy for the baking that he does. And he's seen his fair share of modern bakeries; they're all sleek and shiny and machine-like, nothing like the one that Bucky's family owned when he was real little, before his ma and pop died. His ma was the one who taught him and his sister to bake in the first place, though that was so long ago he barely remembers her recipes. He can't remember what her bakery looked like, but he knows she would've scorned every bakery he's stepped foot into in New York.He doesn't say anything more on the subject, and everyone else lets it drop in favor of being so tired it's taking everything they've got not to just fall asleep. But after a hot shower, some take out and ten hours of sleep in a huge bed with Tony and Steve, Bucky wakes up, gets dressed and heads out the door. He follows the address on the keys to a little storefront not a dozen doors down from the Tower. It's small, considering that Tony was the one who purchased it, but deep. Bucky presses his hands to the window and squints inside, realizing that - as promised - it looks like a blank canvas, just waiting for the right artist."You can go in if you want."Bucky startles a little, though not as bad as he would have if he hadn't seen her reflection in the glass before she spoke. "I don't know if I'm going to do anything with it yet. Maybe I shouldn't."Pepper laughs at him in the kindest way possible. "Tony bought you this. Tony, who is so desperate to make this relationship work that he asked me, JARVIS and Rhodey to remind him repeatedly about your six month anniversary. Tony, who looked at over twenty different bakeries in New York and New Jersey and was ready to buy out a bakery in Brooklyn b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
Romantic Soulmates
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome - F/M/M
Baker Bucky
Domestic Avengers
Miscommunication
Depressed Steve
Depressed Steve Rogers
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mutual Pining
Stubborn Bucky
Stubborn Steve
poor tony is stuck in the middle
Hugging
Cuddling
Apologies
Fluff
Polyamorous Soulmates
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Team as Family
Team Feels
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Clint is an enabler
Awesome Darcy Lewis
flustered Tony
smol tony
tiny tony
Baking
Desserts
Food Porn
Nightmares
Making Up
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
tony stark is trying so hard
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
steve rogers also needs a kick in the head
tony stark is a precious angel
tony is just trying to help

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

