Chapter 1: I’m Not a Fickle-Minded Girl
    




Chapter Text
 
 


July 1940


“A double date? Again?” Steve closed the magazine that he was reading and looked at Bucky.
“You should get out of that house, meet some people. And by people I mean girls not those recruiters that you chase around all day.” Bucky replied, sitting next to his friend on the couch. “With what is happening in Europe, we should really go out and have some fun before-”
“Before they’ll send you to Europe and I’ll have to stay here.”
“Think of all the girls you’ll get.” Bucky nudged him in the arm, then rolled his eyes when his best friend sighed. “Rogers, get up and take your jacket, we’re going out!” He stood up and used his best military voice to make his friend stand up. Steve had no other choice but to follow Bucky’s order.
Bucky walked confidently, a smile plastered across his face as per usual while Steve kept his hands in his pockets. When they arrived near the bar a girl waved her hand, screaming Bucky’s name. She was alone and Steve noticed it right away. He ran a hand through his hair to look more presentable but it was mostly a nervous habit that he caught. Bucky smiled and grabbed Steve’s shoulder.
“Everythin’ will be fine. She’s great, you’ll see.”
“You met her?” Steve asked, looking up to see Bucky wince slightly.
“No, but her friend said so.”
“And what'd you tell her about me?”
“Only the good stuff.” Bucky replied, letting go of Steve’s shoulder to greet the girl. “Hello, doll. This is Steve, he's my best mate.” Bucky said introducing his friend. The girl smiled sweetly at Steve but it could have easily been mistaken for pity.
“Great to see you, Steve.” She shook his hand and turned back to Bucky. “I hope you’ll make me dance, I’ve bought these shoes especially for tonight.”
“They’re lovely, but not as lovely as you.” He caught her waist and made her spin, her dress moved nicely, revealing her knees as she laughed heartily. When the girl regained her balance she giggled and held Bucky arm. “Where’s your friend?” He said with a bit of concern as Steve was still standing next to him, hands in his pockets.
“She said she had something to do. She’ll be back soon.” The girl promised and gave a small smile to Steve.
The three of them entered the bar and sat at a table, the music wasn’t too loud but it was still early. The girl and Bucky were holding hands, sipping on their drinks while Steve looked around. The bar was not really crowded. He wondered what he was doing there. It had been almost an hour since they arrived and you were still missing. The girl kept repeating that you were going to arrive soon but Steve started to think that you were a myth.
“I’m going home.”
“Oh no, please stay.” The girl giggled as Bucky caressed her thigh from under the table. “She’s on her way.”
He shrugged and took the advantage of their romantic giggling to leave the bar when they were not watching. On his way out he bumped into you, you had no idea who he was but you turned around immediately and apologised.
“’Tis alright, ma’am.”
“I’m sorry, I was in a hurry. I’m already late for my date.”
The girl with Bucky screamed your name from somewhere inside the bar. You turned and looked around, when you found her you waved and noticed that your date was gone.
“Oh, but apparently he’s gone.” You returned your attention to Steve and shrugged with a smile. “I guess I’ll be the third wheel tonight.” You were about to leave him there and greet you friend when he cleared his throat timidly.
“That would be me.” He took his hand from his pocket and raised his pointer finger like a child asking his schoolteacher the permission to speak. “I’m your… uh… date.” You turned around a bit lost and quickly shook the feeling before you offered him your hand.
“Y/n.” He shook your hand and introduced himself. You stood in front of the door smiling politely at each other before you both realised that you were here to ‘date’. Steve smiled at you and pointed at the door.
“I didn’t mean to leave, I thought you would not… I mean.”
“No, please don’t. I must be an hour late, I understand. I couldn’t leave work and I was a bit lost. Do you want to find a table?” You moved to let a customer enter the bar, Steve took his other hand out of his pocket and wiped them on his too large trousers, nervousness took over his frail body.
“Sure.” He replied, making his way back to the table where Bucky and your friend were sitting. They looked quite happy together, Bucky was hunched over the girl, whispering sweet words into her ear and she was giggling like a schoolgirl. You snorted a bit and stopped Steve.
“Actually, why don’t we take our own table? I don’t think I’ll be able to sit with them and keep a straight face.” You held his skinny arm in your hand.
For a man with such a scrawny figure he was really nice, not just adorable but handsome. He had baby blue eyes and soft blond hair that he kept pushing away from his face. He was about the same height as you, you were wearing shoes that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Lots of it
Eventual Smut
Blood and Injury
Death
Love
POV Second Person
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Skinny! Steve
alternative ending
steve smut
bucky smut

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

