Chapter 1: January 2016
    




Chapter Text
January 2016
Darcy wasn’t happy. 
They’d been bumming around Europe since Malekith, the dark elves and the devastation in London. And that was kind of okay, sort of like a never ending series of Albuquerques, albeit with a distinctly European twist and – thankfully – no giant fire-breathing metal men bearing down on them. One small town after the other, little chocolate box towns in southern Germany, the strange but inviting village life of the Cotswolds in England, the bleak desolation of the outskirts of towns in the Ukraine. 
All different, yet all achingly similar. 
It wasn’t life like she’d known it, for one thing the further east they moved the less Netflix was available. But it was them; their little ramshackle family, her, Jane and occasionally Selvig dropping in and out, always learning more and grasping at a little more knowledge than they’d had before. It was weird, but it felt like home. 
As much as home could be, on the road. 
Thor for all his promises had no choice but to return to Asgard, though he did fall back to Earth when he could amidst lightning and storm. Though Jane understood, though she had her work and her data to fall back on, she was always absent and moody in the days following his departure. Darcy tried to give her space during those times, for her own sake as much as Jane’s. She didn’t think Jane realised how much of an effect his absence had, trying to lose herself in her work but getting nowhere fast, like a hamster spinning frantically on a wheel. During those days, Darcy would circle Jane warily and escape to the nearest bar if she could.
And then the call came in. 
Reeling from the events of Sokovia – and boy, was Darcy glad she’d insisted they make a left turn and head back to Central Europe; pushing for the winding cobbled streets and cold beer of Prague where they’d sat open-mouthed in a dingy little underground bar and watched, on a crackling TV screen that might have been older than Darcy, the Avengers drop half a city into the ocean – Stark had called for Jane. Called on her expertise and tempted her with promises of brand new equipment, a shiny lab all to herself and all the tech she had been dreaming about since she was a little girl playing with her first plastic microscope. 
Obviously, she’d said yes. 
Obviously, Darcy was going with her. 
Obviously, Darcy had something to say about it, several things to say about it, was in fact even still voicing her considered opinion on the whole situation as they were pulling up the drive to Avengers tower, finally back on American soil after nearly a year of hitch-hiking and begging their chequered way around Europe, bouncing from city to city and never putting down roots for more than a week or so at most. 
The car shuddered to a halt in front of the large glass doors and with a wheeze and a groan Darcy managed to inch it forward another foot or so out of the way of the security guards, who fixed her with an unimpressed stare. She got the distinct impression that, if they’d not been wrapped up tight in Stark Industries monogrammed blazers and been able to get away with it, she’d be the lucky recipient of a matched pair of rolled eyes. Staring back defiantly from behind the steering wheel, she slammed the handbrake on, bringing it up as high as it could go – knowing that there was a good chance anyway that it wouldn’t stick and the car would roll back regardless – and heard the loud clang of what was most likely a section of exhaust hitting the tarmac underneath the car. 
She sighed. 
“He's not us, Janey.” She said, and winced to hear the petulance lacing her voice as she spoke. “We’re beaten up old station wagons, cheaply homemade equipment held together with tape that’s long since losing its stick and giving up prayers to gods that don’t even exist anymore that somehow it all still comes together and gives you something to work with.” She was unloading said cheap homemade equipment as she spoke, looking up in trepidation at the imposing glassing building looming over them. 
“He's us when he's willing to share his multi-million dollar lab, Darce.” Jane huffed, her arms stretched uncomfortably around a sagging cardboard box which threatened to spill its contents at any moment. 
Darcy sighed heavily, and hoisted her own cardboard crate further up her body, grasping around it and pushing it up gingerly with one knee. It gaped at the edges, having split awkwardly part-way down the seam, and she wrapped her left arm around it, hoping that she could magic up some superpowers of her own and still both the box and keep all its shoddy contents inside rather than scattering them across the tarmac to join the hunk of car that had fallen. 
And – squinting – it was the goddamned exhaust. Darcy turned her attention back to the situation at hand, and resurrected an argument that had been batted back and forth between them since they’d reached Berlin Schönefeld airport, sadly few bags in tow a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers

