Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony, like just about everyone else on the planet, was born with two soulmarks. One belonged to him, and one was the mark that linked him to his perfect match. Two circles, a smaller one inside of a larger one, with a small star in the middle, colored red white and blue, marked the right side of his rib cage, just below his armpit. And in the center of his chest, another circle, this one not filled in, but just the outline of a circle in electric blue. This one belonged to him.Tony’s third soulmark appeared a month and three days after his second birthday. It was another star, this one red and on his shoulder. Tony, even at a young age, knew that having more than two soulmarks wasn’t normal, so he hid it. Few people in his life cared enough to look anyway.By his fifth birthday, Tony had four soulmarks and he knew that if Howard ever found out, he’d wish he were dead. Three-ways weren’t exactly idolized, but now they were accepted and even legalized for marriages. Having more than three soulmarks was generally sneered at; after all, what kind of person needs more than two people to love them unconditionally? How self-centered and vain would you have to be?The fourth soulmark was a bright green neutron on the side of his hip, and whenever Tony was feeling stressed or angry, he’d settle his hand on the mark over whatever clothing he was wearing, and it would somehow help him calm down.Howard had sent him away to boarding before the fifth mark came, which was partly a relief and partly a curse. It was much harder to hide soulmarks when you shared a room with someone else and had things like communal showers, but Tony had been using makeup regularly since he was six, and this one was much easier to hide. A small black-widow spider, hiding at the base of his hairline like it didn’t want to be seen. Tony had only noticed it because he’d gotten into the habit of searching his body head to toe whenever he got the chance in case another mark showed up.It wasn’t even a week after the nearly hidden spider showed up when his sixth mark appeared on his shin while he was sleeping. Two crossed arrows just below his kneecap. Tony prayed that night for the first time in his life that it would be the last.For the better part of a decade, Tony assumed his prayer had come true. It wasn’t until he was out of boarding school and into his own apartment just off of MIT campus that his seventh, and final, mark appeared.This one was different from the others – different from every soulmark Tony had ever seen or heard of. Appearance wise it wasn’t that strange – a thundercloud with a white beam of lighting arching down and spider webbing over his thigh. Sure, it was a little more intricate than most, but that wasn’t unheard of. But when it rained, and particularly when it thundered, it felt like the lighting came to life under his skin. It wasn’t painful or even unpleasant, but the first time it happened Tony had bolted out of his seat in the middle of class with a yelp he was so startled. That had been great for his already suffering reputation.It was the last mark though, and for that Tony was grateful.By the time Tony was seventeen, Maria Stark had long since lost herself into a bottle, and she’d forgotten the marks Tony had been born with, if she’d ever bothered to look. Jarvis, who’d known of the first three, had died a few back, and he’d never known of the following four. Howard was the only real problem, but so long as Tony played his part and stayed out of sight as often as he could, Howard generally didn’t bother him. And when the old man got drunk, he could barely see straight enough to throw his whiskey bottles at Tony, much less think to check the marks decorating his skin.The media was fond of speculating what the Stark heir’s symbols were, but Tony was careful enough that not a single picture had ever been taken of the marks. Most magazines and newspapers simply assumed that, as a person in the public eye, Tony and his father had decided to keep the marks a secret so they wouldn’t have people getting fake tattoos and pretending they were Tony’s soulmate in a bid after the riches and fame that came with being a Stark. A few – not many, but just enough to make some noise on the subject – claimed Tony Stark was one of the few, truly despicable people who were so destined to be alone, that he didn’t have any marks.It’s amazing how wrong those people were.Howard didn’t have a soulmark. Maria did, but it was faded and grey in the way that told you whomever she had belonged to was long gone. They got married mostly as a business deal – Howard gave Maria all the money she could ever want and in return Howard got a reputation as a family man and an heir for his company – and faked tattoos for each other. Howard was rather indifferent to the whole industry of soulmarks, unless it directly affected his way of life.The day Howard found out about Tony’s marks, the elder was supposed to be in China. Christma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Child Abuse
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Scars
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Has Issues
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Avengers Tower
Fix-It

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

