Work Text:
Steve woke to an incessant tickling at the back of his neck. He mumbled a protest, ducking his head slightly, and the tickling feeling increased. Something warm and heavy draped across his waist and tugged him in closer, and Steve sighed softly, reluctantly opening his eyes. He took a deep breath, the scent of him and the alpha behind him wrapping around him and making him smile.                 The man plastered to his back made a soft snuffling noise and pressed closer still, lips against Steve’s shoulder and hair tickling the back of Steve’s neck. Steve slid his fingers down the arm over his waist before linking them with the ones resting over his stomach. He turned his head, tilting his chin down, and smiled wider when he saw the sleepy grey eyes looking back at him.                 “Hi,” he murmured, and Bucky responded by lifting his chin, pressing a gentle kiss to Steve’s lips. Steve twisted further, until he could wrap an arm around Bucky’s shoulders, and sighed happily when Bucky took the opportunity to kiss him again. When Bucky went in for a third kiss, Steve turned his head away, pinching Bucky’s shoulder lightly.                 “Nuh uh, you gotta get up,” he murmured, and Bucky grumbled, not moving at all. “Don’t give me that,” Steve chastised, and Bucky ducked his head, tucking back in against Steve’s shoulder. Dealing with Early Morning Bucky was always an exercise in patience, most of all at this time of the year.                 “Don’t wanna,” Bucky mumbled against his skin, and Steve felt the alpha inhale deeply, before he let it out on a rumbling sigh.                 “Why’s that, Buck?”                 “Warm.” Steve snorted at that, taking advantage of the inattention to the rest of his body to turn and face Bucky fully. A warm hand immediately slid down to cup his ass, and Bucky’s nose tucked in against his throat.                 “I’m sure that’s the only reason,” Steve snorted, wedging a knee between Bucky’s, pressing it against Bucky’s crotch. The hand on his ass shifted, dipping under his boxers to rest against skin, and Steve shook his head. “Nuh uh, you’ll be late for work. Again.”                 “Don’t care,” was the mumbled response, and Steve thumped a hand against Bucky’s chest lightly.                 “I do. On me or not at all,” Steve bargained, willing to bend just a little, just for Bucky. Bucky rumbled, a low, sleepy thing, before kissing Steve’s throat.                 His fingers didn’t move for a good minute, almost long enough that Steve thought he’d gone back to sleep, then slowly withdrew so he could palm Steve’s hip, dragging the smaller man with him as Bucky rolled onto his back. As soon as Bucky had settled, Steve shifted to straddle his thighs, looking up at Bucky with a little smile.                 Bucky immediately reached up, cupping Steve’s jaw and pulling him down into a kiss, and Steve relaxed against him, curling his fingers against Bucky’s chest and letting Bucky lead.                 Being with Bucky wasn’t difficult by any means, especially not compared to a large number of alphas. He wasn’t domineering, pushy, or overly demanding. He gave Steve his space, didn’t push Steve around or use his designation to control Steve. Despite that, he was still an alpha, and allowances had to be made. Especially when he was close to rut. Like now.                 When Steve normally would have left Bucky to his own hand, he sat straddling Bucky, kissing him and letting Bucky touch. He let Bucky scent him, nose against his pulse, rubbing himself against Steve until Steve couldn’t smell anything but the alpha. He let Bucky mark him, lips on his jaw, sucking at his throat, bruises blooming on pale skin as Bucky made his claim.                 And, when the shifting of Bucky’s hips got impatient, he slid down Bucky’s body, sucked him off slow and steady until Bucky’s breathing started to catch, his hands clenching the sheets as his hips rocked up into Steve’s mouth. Steve swallowed around him, then pulled back, wrapping a hand around Bucky’s cock and stroking just the way Bucky liked it, until the alpha was tensing, coming over Steve’s hand and lips and cheeks.                 Bucky’s hands on his shoulders were eager, tugging him up until he straddled Bucky’s waist again. “Mine,” he purred, and Steve was halfway through his response, not yet, when Bucky’s mouth covered his. Bucky licked him clean meticulously, before snaking a hand between them, back into Steve’s boxers. And even if Steve had wanted to resist him, he couldn’t, not when Bucky knew exactly what he liked, stroking him until he came with a whimper, noise muffled in Bucky’s mouth.                 It took a few minutes before his heart rate settled enough to push up, and when he did, Bucky’s expression was more than a little smug. “Yeah yeah,” Steve mumbled under his breath, and Bucky laughed quietly, rubbing his nose against Steve’s cheek. “I stink of you now, happy?” Steve grumbled, not at all
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Omega!Steve
Alpha!Bucky
bottom!Steve
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Veteran!Bucky
shrinkyclinks
Canon Disabled Character
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Knotting
heat/rut sex
Oral Sex
Possessive Behavior
Come Shot
Mild Comeplay
Frottage
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
vocal consent
PWP
Multiple Orgasms
bucky doesn't do mornings very well
he does however do steve very well
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

