Work Text:
 An electric sizzle arced up Tony's spine. He screamed again, his throat raw with it. He tried kicking his bound legs -- something, anything to make it stop -- but his own muscles were out of his control. Thrashing uselessly, Tony managed to roll onto his back.That was a mistake, for the man only applied the cattle-prod to his sensitive middle. Hot agony lanced up his chest, down to his groin, and seized his lungs. For moments that felt like hours he held there, back arched over the concrete floor, and couldn't even pull in a breath.Finally the man pulled the rod away. Tony collapsed, moaning against the gag in his mouth."Enough," said a distant voice.Exhausted, Tony didn't raise his head to look at them. There were three men in the room; one to hold a gun on him, one to jab him with the cattle-prod, and the third... well. He just watched and occasionally gave directions on where to hit him next.They'd never introduced themselves. Never asked him a question about his father's company, though Tony was sure that was coming.When his ordeal first started (kidnapped via being dragged from his dorm bed by unidentified goons) Tony wouldn't have said a word. Now he wished they would ask him a question. Just so he could lie. Tell them something, anything so that they'd leave him alone for awhile.They'd given him short breaks before. He'd wept through the last two, but now he only closed his eyes. Too tired to think, to cry, to care.I'm supposed to argue my doctorate thesis on Wednesday, he thought, not for the first time. He hoped being tortured by goons would at least grant him an extension.In the middle of pain and fear, it was the little things that mattered.Still, it wasn't fucking fair.Tony had it all planned out. He was going to graduate ridiculously early with honors. Then, as a FU to dear old dad, search out his soulmate as most young people did upon starting their careers. That Howard had been dead-set against it was a bonus. When Tony found her (or him), he would start his own company in direct competition with Stark Industries. Something in robotics.Hell, it still was the plan. He just had to get out of this hole alive.He didn't know how long he had been here, but someone, Rhodey at least, would realize he was gone. ROTC kept him busy, but he always made a point of checking in on Tony a couple times a week. He was the closest thing Tony had to a friend at MIT-- and he was pretty sure that Howard even wasn't paying him.Rhodey would sound the alarm. Help would come. He only had to hold out...As Tony recovered his breath, the goons milled around the room. One bent to check his pulse. Tony didn't open his eyes. Maybe if they thought he'd passed out -- he might have once or twice. Things had gotten a little fuzzy in the last session -- they'd leave him alone."He's ready," the watching man said, completely dashing that hope. "Send in the Asset."And Tony knew with every fiber in him, that all he'd gone through had just been preparation for this point.The footsteps around him retreated. Cautiously, Tony opened his eyes.For the first time, he was alone in the room -- well. It more like a cell with concrete floors and steal walls. The drain built into the floor was ominous.He rolled over, groaning through the gag. Muscles he didn't even know he had, ached.It was hard to move with his legs bound at the ankles, and wrists tied behind his back.  Slowly, laboriously, Tony managed to scoot to the closest wall.Whatever was coming next, he wasn't going to meet it laying on the ground like a dead fish. He pulled himself into a sitting position, a whine escaping from his throat.This sucked. Everything hurt.The door opened -- the light behind it almost so bright it was blinding. Squinting through it, Tony saw as someone was shoved in. The door shut and locked again with a clank, and Tony found himself staring up at a man.He was tall-- taller than Tony, nicely muscled, with brown hair down to a well defined clefted chin. Handsome, in a classical way. The impact of his steel gray eyes on Tony took his breath away.With an intake of breath, the man was striding towards him, and there was something odd about his left arm that Tony couldn't quite take in -- and suddenly the man was kneeling beside him, cupping Tony's face and staring into his eyes.A warm sensation rolled through Tony. A bone-deep recognition. Like looking at a childhood friend all grown-up. Except Tony had never seen him before in his life. He knew him, though. Every cell knew him. Had always known him. Had been waiting for him.He was Tony's soulmate."Oh God," the man rasped. "What did they do to you?"His quick fingers reached to unknot the gag tied behind Tony's head. Pulling it away, he cupped Tony's chin again, thumb reaching up to wipe away what were probably tear tracks under his eyes. He never for an instant looked away, and Tony couldn't either. "What?" Tony rasped, throat like sand-paper. "How?"His soulmate shook his head and finally tore his gaz
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
Torture
Hand Jobs
Touchy-Feely
Cuddling & Snuggling
desperate cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

