Chapter 1: Came back haunted
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky stumbles on his way out of the taxi, trying and failing to move both his own weight and Steve’s. After a few shuffling, awkward steps he gives up the pretense of escaping notice and just hoists the other man in a fireman’s carry and starts walking; it’s only ten yards across a concrete courtyard to Stark’s front door anyway. The bright noon sun glints off the huge glass doors and he has to look down to keep walking towards them. Once he reaches those doors it won’t matter what he’s done or what happens to him, because Steve will be back where he belongs.Steve’s weight pulls at the hood on his sweatshirt; he’s been using it to try and hide his battered face, to varying success judging by that cabbie’s reactions. It pulls away from the goddamn scalp wound and stings, reopens it so blood drips down his forehead and into his eye. He concentrates on the ground in front of him; every step a battle, every foot a mission. He will finish. Failure is not an option.The wave of cool air that rushes over him as the doors open disorients him so much he almost falls over. He looks up to find several men in black suits striding toward him: standard security compliment. Likely better than average, considering who they’re hired to protect. His mind starts the analysis automatically, but none of it matters because Bucky doesn’t intend to fight them. He stands there in the open doorway, swaying under the weight of his best friend and his own exhaustion and blood loss, and lets them take him. Steve slides off his shoulders into the waiting hands of a guard and Bucky slumps into the arms of another. The last thing he manages to do before slipping away into darkness is say, “Stevie... Steve Rogers.” ... Bruce ignores the hiss of pressure releasing as the door to his lab slides open. Normally he’d ignore the voice that immediately follows too, because it probably has nothing helpful or appropriate to say. This time, the tone of Tony’s voice isn’t playful or sarcastic or even smug; it’s absolutely  full  of fear.“Bruce, I need you in the med bay. Now.”He doesn’t hesitate, just follows. He’s seen Tony manic before; with inspiration, caffeine, or eagerness to please, but this isn’t the same. This is panic. This can’t be good.A set of doors slide open in front of Tony and he finds himself in a fully stocked medical exam room, staring at a barely recognizable Steve Rogers laying on the papered table in the center. He’s not moving.“JARVIS, pulse and respiration?”“Captain Rogers’ pulse is 130. His blood oxygen concentration is 53%.”“Shit. Tony, move. JARVIS, tell me there’s oxygen in here.”“There is an oxygen tank and cannula in the cupboard in the left rear corner, Doctor Banner.”Bruce jerks open the cabinet door and pulls out the tank, dragging it to the head of the table and placing the cannula in Steve’s nose, which he finds is broken and full of blood, so he swabs it and tries again. He opens the valve on the oxygen as far as it will go and wills Steve to keep breathing. “Jesus Christ, what happened to him?”“No idea. A mystery man brought him in like this; just stumbled into the lobby carrying him like a sack of potatoes and saying the name Steve Rogers. JARVIS confirmed with a bio scan and I had him brought up here.”“You should have had him brought to a hospital. Call 911. Call what’s left of SHIELD. This is a little outside my scope; there has to be someone better,” Bruce says, as he check’s Steve’s pupils. One reactive, one fixed. “Neurological symptoms. It looks like multiple internal injuries, maybe a collapsed lung. This is bad, Tony. Do you know how long he’s been like this?”Tony shakes his head. “The guy who brought him here isn’t much better. He’s in the other med lab, passed out and dripping blood on my floor. JARVIS is monitoring and there’s a nurse on call. No one goes in or out unless it’s an emergency or I give permission. We can interrogate him later. Steve is the priority here.”“Pardon me, Doctor Banner, but Captain Rogers’ pulse is becoming arrhythmic.”Bruce reaches for Steve’s wrist, pushing up the sleeve of his sweatshirt and wincing at what look like several large-bore injection sites. His skin is clammy and the pulse underneath is thready and weak. “Give me a vitals monitor.”A display lights up on the window to the hallway and Bruce watches Steve’s pulse in horror as it jumps and seizes, and eventually drops off sharply. He climbs up onto the table, straddling Steve’s hips, and immediately feels that one is dislocated. Shifting his weight forward, he feels briefly for breaks in Steve’s higher ribs and sternum. Finding none, he balls his fists together and pounds on Steve’s chest one sharp time before beginning chest compressions. He can see his work on the monitor, but Steve’s respiration is still dangerously low. “He needs to be intubated.”“What? ”“Intubation kits are located in the ce
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Temporary Character Death
Vampires
Established Steve/Bucky
Eventual Steve/Bucky/Darcy
Dark
Eventual Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Explicit Sexual Content
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Blood Drinking
Blood and Gore
Past Steve Rogers/Peggy Carter/James "Bucky" Barnes
Science Boyfriends
Just Kiss Already!
Vampirism Is An STI
Bruce Banner Is Not That Kind Of Doctor
Night of the Living Super Soldiers
Frottage
Deaf Clint Barton
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Blood Sharing
Sexual Fantasy
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Blood Kink
Facial Shaving
Hand Feeding
Exhibitionism
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Dirty Talk
Comeplay
Come Sharing
Cunnilingus
Snowballing
Bodily Fluids
Relationship Negotiation
Polyamory
Threesome - F/M/M
Vaginal Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

