Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They found him in the middle of a bar fight. Which was in the middle of their bar.  "This is a gastropub!" Eliot yelled, charging out from the kitchen. "There are no bar fights in a gastropub!""Man, I don't think he cares," Hardison said. He was watching the fight from a distance with an almost philosophical look on his face. Most of the table settings in the immediate area were already broken, so that was no longer of any concern, and he'd never liked that pattern anyway (it had been a compromise betweeen Eliot's desire for square plates and Parker's desire for lots of flowers, and nobody ended up satisfied). "Hardison, help me stop it," Eliot said, spreading his hands at the fight. It was three on one which was hardly fair, but on the other hand, the solid-looking guy with the fantastic hair was holding his own. "Hell no, I'm not wading into that," Hardison said, crossing his arms. Parker dropped from the ceiling into the middle of the melee at that point, apparently on the side of Fantastic Hair, which did make deciding who to punch easier. Eliot sighed, wiped his hands on the dishcloth hanging at his waist, made sure his headband was tight, and dove in. There was, admittedly, something familiar about how Fantastic Hair was fighting, and when Eliot swung a fist over his shoulder to help him break a guy's throttle-hold on him, he gave him a brief, businesslike nod before continuing, like he recognized him. With Parker and Eliot participating, it didn't take long to break up the fight. Two of the men were unconscious and a third was under the bar, whimpering, by the time silence fell. Only their breathing and a strange, mechanical whirring noise from Fantastic Hair broke the silence; everyone other than Hardison had bolted, including most of the waitstaff. They had excellent self-preservation instincts born of time spent around Eliot and Parker, and they were huddled outside waiting for an all-clear.  Hardison slow-clapped them. Eliot gave him a rude salute, then turned to their new...acquaintance.  "You okay?" he asked. Fantastic Hair seemed to do a quick all-over check and then nodded. "You better be the good guy.""I think I am," Fantastic Hair said. "At this point, anyway.""Aw, he sounds like you," Parker said. Eliot narrowed his eyes. "And these guys were?" he prompted.Fantastic Hair blew air through his lips. "Would you believe me if I told you they were Nazis?" Parker looked at Hardison, who made a complicated face before looking at Eliot. "What, like I keep track of Nazis?" Eliot asked. Hardison rolled his eyes and hopped the bar, taking down four unbroken glasses with one hand and a bottle of scotch with the other. He began pouring, so Eliot shuffled through the broken plates and splintered stools and chairs to take a seat at the bar. Parker hopped up on the bar and Fantastic Hair leaned on it warily. "So, who are you?" Parker asked. "Kinda still working on that," Fantastic Hair replied. "Name's, ah...""Take your time," Hardison drawled. "Pick a good one." "Buck," he said, nodding at Hardison in acknowledgement. "It's not completely fake." "Oh, well," Hardison said. He nudged one of the drinks over. "You sound like a man who needs some friends," Parker said. "Dunno about needs," Buck said. "Not sure it's healthy to be a pal of mine around now." One of the unconscious men groaned. Eliot kicked him casually, just enough to make sure he stayed out."Why don't you tell us what brings you to Portland," Parker said, in her best I'm The Mastermind Now voice. ***They hung a "Closed Due To Mayhem" sign on the front door of the pub and Eliot sent the staff home for the day while Parker and Hardison took Buck upstairs to apply first aid and get settled. Eliot called some pals of his to come dispose of the presumable Nazis, ziptied them all, and then went to find the others. When he walked into the upstairs apartment, he was greeted with "Eliot, LOOK!" Buck was standing in the middle of the living room, one arm outstretched. Parker was standing on his palm. "He's got a CYBORG ARM!" she said excitedly. Every alarm in Eliot's brain went off at once, but Parker didn't look like she was in danger and Buck seemed at most bemused by the whole thing, so he just went very still."That's a very distinctive arm," he said slowly. "Yeah," Buck said. "Thought I recognized you.""Malta?" "Don't think so.""No, you're right," Eliot said. "Johannesburg." "Maybe..." Buck looked like he was struggling with something. Parker hopped gracefully down from her perch on his arm and slung her own arms over it, resting her chin in the divot of his elbow. "Also...the Ukraine?""The entire Ukraine?" Hardison asked. "It was a long weekend," Eliot said. "So you two are friends? That's nice," Parker said. "Not friends," Eliot said. "Not exactly enemies yet, though."Buck regarded him with dark, impassive eyes. Yeah, he remembered those eyes now, though he was used to them having a lot more eyeshadow around them. "You in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Alec Hardison/Parker/Eliot Spencer

freeform: 
Crossover
Heist
Found Family
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hydra (Marvel)

fandom: 
Alec Hardison/Parker/Eliot Spencer

