Work Text:
Tony makes the most orgasmic lemon-basil orzotto Natasha has ever tasted. She knows this for sure because she has had the dish from places people sing ballads about. Food critics have wept over that little off-the-block gran's place in Queens but Natasha is not the smartest woman she's seen in a mirror to ignore the thing her taste buds scream for. Tony adds exactly the amount of white wine she likes and even she doesn't know how much that is.She has thought in fleeting moments about manipulating him into opening a restaurant and let her manage it while he whipped up delicacies. Then she remembered that it would mean less foodgasms for her and more for the world she doesn't care about. She never got around to getting that restaurant."He's making your zit thing again," Clint whined as he poked at her side viciously, eyeing the bustling figure across the room, almost dancing around the utensils, "we were supposed to have homemade pizza. We had a bowl. There were chits. My name arose.""Arose from what?" Sam asked as he plopped onto Clint's right, deliberately jarring his hip with his arm and getting a swift jab at the abdomen, "You hit like...well, you I suppose. What did your name arise from?""That was a shitty insult, absolutely pathetic. My name came up in this week's TT," Clint groused in a hushed whisper when he noted Tony looking their way absently, "The TT is sacred. We have to respect the TT. We all agreed on that. And yet, he's making her zitty shit today.""Tony's making orzotto?" Sam asked Natasha with raised eyebrows, grinning when she smirked, "You used your battle scars and lone woman tear didn't you?""He was spying technically, so I didn't do anything," Natasha shrugged delicately though Sam could easily tell that she was bluffing, "It's not my fault he likes me better than Clint.""Psh, he likes Bucky better than both of you," Sam rolled his eyes and quickly gestured to the kitchen where they could see the metal armed ex-soldier joining Tony in the kitchen, excitedly hovering around him, tasting a sauce he was making and grinning when Tony smacked his hand away, "Honestly, it's like Tony's adopted him as his sous chef or something.""Oh please, James just switches on his lost-puppy charm and Tony melts like warm cheese," Natasha snorted, watching as Tony babbled away about something related to Bucky's arm and the taller man hopped on to a counter and munched on a pear, nodding in time to whatever he understand of the rant, "I can guarantee that he's going to get his way with today's bonding activity."Clint scowled at that and almost stared at too long at Tony making the genius notice and frown before Sam kicked him lightly under the table and the archer acted like he was scowling at Bucky.It was the golden rule of the team that nobody was to make Tony uncomfortable or noticed about his cooking or other domestic interests. It had started off six months back, when Bruce had first walked in on Tony making tiramisu with a sleepy Steve leaning over him, head tucked over Tony's shoulder. Bruce being the zen master he was, had simply backed off quietly, not mentioning anything when the next day the fridge had two Tupperwares full of the most delicious tiramisu he had ever tasted. Tony had looked like a deer caught in the headlights when Thor had boisterously demanded to know who had whipped up the 'most worthy food of Midgard I have partaken in!' and had looked at everybody expectantly. Everybody except for Tony, because nobody had ever imagined Tony cooking. Tony had owned up haughtily before snarking viciously in defense for any imagined judgement about it and then proceeding to avoid the kitchen completely for days.They had learnt pretty quickly about the bundle of issues the genius had about acting anyway remotely 'homey' or 'domestic'. Nobody had commented regarding it in front of Tony.After then, they had made sure that nobody gave Tony any special attention or strange look whenever the genius decided to fiddle around in the kitchen, making him presume that they weren't really bothered about whatever he did. They couldn't compliment him too, because it always led to him spacing out and misunderstanding that they were making fun of him. There was absolutely no acknowledgement of Tony being the pack mom since then.But that didn't mean that they didn't know that he was just that - the mom of the group. He bashed Sam and Clint left, right and center when one of them didn't inform him about any minor malfunction in their weapons or suits. He fielded press conferences when either Bruce or Wanda got snidely insulted by any reporter. He kept track on Pietro's dating subtly and silently got all their details before the guy ever brought them home. He helped Bucky handle his bad days by letting him assist Tony in the workshop. He helped Natasha in trying to break the whole Red Room network silently. He taught Thor technology whenever the guy went into his sad moods. He discussed new ideas with Visio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Established Relationship
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Cooking
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Tony Stark Can Cook
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Is A Bird That Will Fly Away If You Stare Long
Don't Make Him Nervous
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Protective Steve Rogers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Justin Hammer is a Douche
Baked Goods
Protective Tony
Tony Is A Pack Mom
he just doesn't know it
Don't Tell Him Though
The Bird Remember
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Past Child Abuse
Fluff and Angst
Tony Angst
Avengers Tower

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

