Chapter 1: Fan The Flame
    




Chapter Text
  Bucky sits in his local Starbucks, sipping on his latte and flipping through his phone. He's got time to kill until his students get out of school and meet him at the park for what will prove to be a rousing game of baseball. With the advent of the warmer weather, he can move the activities of the children that attend his youth outreach program out of the local school gym and into the sunshine. He always sees a marked change in attitude and behaviour in the outdoors, which is nice. But that's not for an hour, and Bucky is early. He needs something to occupy his time. Tinder generally turns out to be either hilarious or horrifying, and in some very special cases, both at the same time. Bucky swipes through quite a few profiles, discarding many on the first image alone. Of those he looks into, there are some baseline standard things he wants and doesn't want. If the photos are unclear or pixelated and he can't make out a general face, swipe left. If there is more than one shirtless mirror, gratuitous cleavage, upside-down bed or gym selfie, swipe left. Due to Bucky's dad's tenuous relationship with alcohol leaving him with distinct feelings about excessive drinking, if most photos include alcohol of some kind, swipe left. If the profile is left blank, swipe left. If the profile is extremely short, or is just an attempt at a comedic routine without giving any information about the subject, swipe left. If there's an excess of tattoos, especially on the neck or face, swipe left. If they're flipping off the camera, swipe left. Photos of cars, swipe left. Allowing for a random typo, if the spelling and grammar are too bad, swipe left. If there's enough fake tan to turn hands visibly orange, for the love of all that is holy, swipe fucking left. He's looking to find at the best, a boyfriend or girlfriend, at the worst, someone new to maybe hang out with. This leaves him weeding out a lot of people most of the time. He's learnt to pick out the purely hook up profiles pretty quickly and tends to tap out if people get overly familiar too quickly after they've matched. It's quite an arduous process, but he expected as much, and is content to just keep plugging away. Bucky opened his Tinder account as a bit of a lark. He'd like to meet someone, but feels too old for the club scene. Bars tend to be a bit of a waste of time when you don't drink all that much. His workplace is small, and he's a big believer in not shitting where you eat, which is also one of the reasons he never got together with any of his fellow soldiers during his time in the army. He thinks he's put together a pretty decent profile: 
James, 31

 

5'11". Born and bred in Brooklyn, now back after a stint in the Army. I work with disadvantaged kids now, which is less hard and more rewarding than you might think.

 

Mornings don't start until after the sun comes up. Animals are usually more compassionate than people. Cat and dog lover, but I only own the former. Bilingual. (Conversational Russian. Also curse words)

 

Things that mean the world to me: Coffee, Baseball, family and friends. (Not in that order. Probably)

 

I'm athletic but don't live at the gym. I like a good party but I don't really drink. I love food but I don't like making it. 

 

Would like to find someone who compliments me at best, friends as a middle point, or at the very least, some horror stories to share with friends. 

 
He doesn't have a gym selfie on there, but there is a photo of him playing Ultimate Disc in the park with some friends in a tank top. It's a pretty good photo and -- without being overly shallow -- shows him to be pretty fit. There's an older photo of him in uniform from his deployment, feeding one of the stray dogs he found in Kabul. There's a snap of him with his calico kitten Babushka, who is one year old going on ninety-nine, and one from two winters ago in a knitted hat, cradling a cup of coffee. That was when he'd grown his hair out a little after the Army and it nearly touched his shoulders. Now it just grazes his jawline. Tinder has proven very hit and miss for him. He's ended up on a few dates. Only a couple of people warranted more than one, but it just ended up either fizzling out, or established them more as friends. There's been a spectacular amount of one date wonders, each as either painfully awkward or lacking in chemistry as the last. But, it's something. It's getting him out and meeting people when he probably wouldn't be, and that's better than nothing, he supposes. He feels like he's going to get RSI in his fingers from the constant swiping left, though. Bucky puts his phone flat on the table and sips his coffee, continuing to swipe, consoling himself that he's not that picky. Okay, he is, but there are things that'll get him through. He's looking for someone he finds attractive. A great smile will get him to swipe right, as will a really gorgeous set of eyes. He likes a variety of different b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Modern Day Bucky Barnes
Soldier Bucky Barnes
Tinder fic
The opposite of meet-cute
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Tony is a troll
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bucky is a cat owner
Ranger Panties FTW
Shrunkyclunks
Bucky swears a lot
Domestic Fluff
Angst
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Developing Relationship
Social Media
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
First Meetings
Meet the Family
Meet the Co-workers
Date Night
Paparazzi
PTSD RECOVERY
Art Nerd Steve Rogers
Artist Steve Rogers
Barnes Family
rebelling against tropes
News Media

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

