Chapter 1: Wednesday, November 21, 2007. 10:33 p.m. EST
    




Chapter Text
The taste of Clint’s skin was like water in a drought, the sudden fall of rain at the edge of an endless desert. Phil could have given up coffee, alcohol, milk, pop, every drop of any liquid that had ever passed his lips, and be content to drink nothing but this, to swallow from no cup but the hollow of Clint’s throat for the rest of his life.His tongue tasted like blueberries and root beer, and Phil thought suddenly of highschool, of a nervous boy with braces and unruly brown hair. He remembered sneaking away after baseball practice to make-out behind the right field fence, groping awkwardly on the ground because he didn’t know what to do with his hands.Phil eased Clint’s t-shirt over his head, and Clint stripped the undershirt impatiently off of him. Bare skin pressed together at last, and Clint shuddered in his arms with a sigh.“Wanted to do this for so long,” Clint murmured into Phil’s neck, the words a whisper of warm breath.“I know,” Phil said. “Believe me, I know.”It had been practice, all of it. Every boyfriend and lover, every fumbling kiss and flush of pleasure, was all in preparation for this, for Clint, for the promise of something so much better.They fell back on the bed, and Phil trailed open kisses across Clint’s broad chest.“Thought about it. About you,” Clint said. “Dreamed about you fucking me. I’d wake up hard and have to get off.” His fingers dragged across Phil’s scalp. “I’d touch myself and think about sucking your cock.”A surge of heat raced up Phil’s spine, and he had to pause, panting against Clint’s stomach. It seemed as if everything had been so slow for so long, and now they were racing toward a precipice that Phil barely understood.“Do you want to know what I want?” he asked, lifting his head, and Clint’s eyes were on him, wide and dark.“Yes,” Clint said instantly. “God, yes. Anything. Whatever you want.”Phil gave him a deep, lingering kiss, licking into his mouth. “I want you to touch me,” he whispered in Clint’s ear. “Touch me the way you touch yourself. Show me.”Clint shivered and reached immediately for Phil’s trousers, thumbing open his belt and fly with impressive speed. Phil kept sucking slow kisses down the side of his neck until Clint shoved down his pants and grabbed roughly for his cock. Phil gasped and gripped his arm. “Whoah, okay. Maybe, um, maybe a little slower?”Clint froze and let go, hands dropping to his sides. “I’m sorry,” he stammered. “I didn’t mean to. I... I’m sorry.”“Don’t. It’s okay,” Phil soothed, kissing him softly. “We’ve got all night.”Clint huffed. “Well, now you’ve jinxed it. Phone’s gonna ring any second.”“No it won’t,” Phil assured him. “Barring an immediate threat to global security, we have the night off, per the director’s orders.”“Wait, Fury knows we’re together? Doing....” He gestured vaguely between them. “...this? Okay, that’s it, mood gone.”Phil smiled and kissed him again, and he really could spend the rest of his life doing nothing but kissing Clint. “I think I can do something about that.”He pulled back from the bed and stood, toeing off his shoes and socks and letting his shorts and trousers fall. Clint raised his head and watched as Phil stepped out of the pile and kicked it away, his wide eyes roving hungrily over Phil’s body in a way that once again brought Phil’s mind to youth and the awkward, driving need of first nights.All those nights, all those firsts, all that need were nothing to the thrill of being looked at like this, being looked at by Clint.He knelt and eased the boots off of Clint’s feet, stood and bent to reach the waistband of his jeans. Meeting Clint’s eye, he paused and asked, “Okay?”Clint nodded, licking his lips, and the sight of his tongue, his wet mouth, and his flushed skin sent a hot shiver through Phil’s belly. He pulled open the jeans and worked them slowly down, savoring the scrape of rough denim on soft flesh. Clint lifted his hips to ease the slide, and his hot, hard cock slipped free, springing up to slap against his stomach.No underwear. Of course he didn’t wear underwear, and now Phil would have that to think about when he was avoiding paperwork.The jeans were tossed aside, and Clint pulled himself back to lay against the pillow. Phil took a moment to appreciate the unparallelled view of Clint Barton sprawled naked and willing in his bed, all smooth muscle and blue eyes and thick cock.Clint shifted, and the muscles in his stomach rippled. “Feeling a little exposed here, sir,” he said lightly, his eyes uncertain and searching.That was the moment Phil knew he was lost.“Just thinking,” he said, crawling onto the bed to lay over Clint.Clint grinned. “‘Bout how sexy I am?”“About how lucky I am.” He pressed a gentle, chaste kiss to Clint’s lips. “About how much I want every day to end exactly like this.”“Oh.” Clint blinked. “Oh, well, I mean, I’m not planning on going anywhere.” Phil raised a brow, and Clint rolled his eyes. “In a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
First Time
Dirty Talk
Hand Jobs
Schmoop
Protective Phil
Sleep
Protective Clint
Nightmares
Comfort
Insomnia
Late Night Conversations
Established Relationship
Geek Love
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Possessive Clint
Possessive Phil
Domestic
Pillow Talk
Engagement
Waiting

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

