Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter wakes up dizzy and hurting all over.The world has gone sideways and for a heartbeat or two, he can’t make sense of what he’s seeing. Then he realizes, no- he’s gone sideways. His shoulder and face are pressed uncomfortably into an unforgiving concrete floor. He feels stiff, sore like he hasn’t moved in a long time. He tries to raise his hands, touch his face, verify that his mask is still in place, but he doesn’t get very far. His hands are bound tightly behind his back. Everything smells like blood.He struggles into a sitting position. His vision swims. He feels… drugged. Weak and heavy-lidded. He can’t remember how he got here.He looks around, hoping to get his bearings. It looks like he’s in an old warehouse. Pale sunlight is streaming in through skylights in the ceiling, illuminating… Well, not much of anything. Dust-covered cement floors and bits of trash lying around. Nothing is familiar.It looks like people are milling about at the far end of the room, near the entrance. They’re far enough away that Peter can’t tell exactly how many there are or hear anything they’re saying if they're saying anything at all. A few of them have guns, some holstered and some not. Knowing that should put Peter on edge but the only feeling he’s able to dredge up out of the fog that is currently his brain is one of utmost weariness. He feels like he could tip over and go back to sleep.So, definitely drugged, then.He opens his mouth. He’s not sure what for. Maybe to call out to the armed strangers, but that would be a bad idea, wouldn’t it? He realizes this a half a second before he follows through and snaps his mouth shut. It turns out not to matter because at that moment a distraction provides itself.There’s a loud banging on the door. From the other side, someone yells loudly enough for Peter to hear even from as far away as he is, which is impressive. All the strangers turn toward the noise as one, each of them tense, hands flying to weapons, which tells Peter that they weren’t expecting company.A second later, a shot rings out, then another, and another, and then all the strangers are firing at once and all Peter can hear is a cacophony of gunfire. He hears bullets pinging off metal walls, striking flesh, spent shells and casings falling to the ground. The noise makes his head hurt. He closes his eyes, just for a second, or so it seems, and when he opens them again the strangers are all on the ground, limbs splayed and weapons abandoned. Standing amidst the bodies, sword drawn and dripping red, is Deadpool.Peter knows he’s pretty out of it but he’d recognize the crazed mercenary anywhere. He’s only dealt directly with the man a handful of times but his iconic getup is hard to mistake. If there were any doubt, the way he skips toward Peter and yells, “Spidey! There’s my baby boy,” would be enough to confirm it. Peter is pretty sure no one else has ever called him baby boy, even in jest.“What are-“ Peter stops. His voice sounds wrecked and his mouth is dry. He clears his throat and tries again. “What’re you doing here, Deadpool?” A little better, but still slurred. There’s blackness creeping in around the edges of his vision, which even he can tell probably isn’t good.Deadpool reaches him between one blink and the next. The mercenary kneels in front of him, head tilted to the side. There are bullet holes punched in his suit. “Aw, Spidey, what’d they do to you? Your suit’s all torn! And I’m pretty sure that’s your blood.”Blood? Peter looks down at himself and- oh. Right. He’d smelled blood earlier and there it is, seeping slowly from a wound in his side. He tries to place his palm over it but the bindings pull at his wrists and he’s reminded abruptly that he’s still tied up. Great.“Never fear,” Deadpool says, standing just long enough to strike a heroic pose. “Deadpool is here!” The effect is somewhat ruined by the fact that he’s also covered in blood. Probably the blood of all the people he just killed, which Peter makes a mental note to berate him for later. Right now he’s too tired.“You’re awfully quiet today,” Deadpool comments, kneeling once more to cut the ropes binding him. Peter didn’t see where he pulled the knife from and doesn’t see where it disappears to once he’s finished using it. Peter’s shoulders scream in relief as he’s able to roll them forward. His entire body is so stiff and sore that he can only muster a grunt of protest as Deadpool scoops him into his arms and starts to carry him bridal-style toward the entrance.“Sorry, sorry,” Deadpool mutters, half under his breath. “It’s just- you don’t seem like you can walk and actually you seem pretty out of it- but I probably should’ve asked you if I could pick you up, huh? Shit. ‘S too late now. Wait, where should I take you? To the Avengers? But they’ll yell at me. Do you have a Spidey Cave somewhere? Huh? Spider-Man?”Peter rests his head against Deadpool’s shoulder and doesn’t answer. The man smells like gun powder. He alwa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
lots and lots of fluff
Hurt/Comfort
there's a tiny bit of blood and violence
eventual identity reveal
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

