Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Ever since Steve revealed his true sexual desires to a certain billionaire he became almost shameless when he was off duty. Steve hung around Tony while he worked, rubbing himself through his jeans, enjoying how hard it was for Tony to concentrate. One day when Steve was feeling particularly naughty he rubbed himself against Tony’s thigh when Bruce had his back turned. How he wanted to throw all the gadgets that they were working on off the table and have Bruce see that he wasn’t the only caged animal.Today the Avengers had a meeting, they all sat around a big table listening to Fury... and Steve could barely keep it together. His throbbing cock strained in the waistband of his pants. Tony gave Steve knowing glances. The fact that only he knew what a sex starved beast the great Captain America was, was thrilling. Steve could feel his cock leaking onto his stomach and pants. If this meeting went on for much longer he wouldn’t be able to hide his arousal. He shifted in his seat attempting to relieve his aching need, but the movement of the fabric made him almost cry out from pleasure. As Fury spoke the soldier’s eyes wandered to the others in the room. He hadn’t forgot the promise Tony had said to him a few weeks prior, the first time they had marathon sex. His mouth watered looking at each Avenger, wondering how hard it would be for him and Tony to get them all to have sex with him… At the same time. Steve quietly gasped, his cock pulsed, adding to the wetness. Fuck.“Rogers… do you have anything to add?”Steve jumped a little, startled by the sudden shift in attention. He jerked his head towards Fury and looked at him, a confused look on his face. “Uhhh...” Steve blushed slightly, it wasn’t like him to have his mind wander during a meeting. “N-no. Everything sounds fine,” he lied. “Then meeting adjourned,” Fury said and everyone but Steve and Tony rose to their feet. They all left the room in a hurry, eager to get back to work. Bruce hung back and looked at the two men, placing his hand on the doorframe. “Tony, you coming to the lab?” he asked. Tony smiled and nodded. “Yup! I just have something to speak to Rogers about, then I’ll be down.” Bruce nodded and left, closing the door behind him.The room stayed silent for a few seconds to make sure everyone was far enough away. “Tony-" Steve broke the silence, his voice high with need. The soldier stood, his blush deepening. Tony’s eyes grew wide, a chuckle escaped his lips. “Look how wet your pants are… don’t tell me you came just from sitting there.” Steve looked at the floor, ashamed. “I couldn’t help it…”“You did!?” Tony gaped. “Well it looks like you don’t need me to get off…” He stood to leave and Steve lunged for him. Steve pressed his crotch against Tony’s and groaned from the much needed contact. Tony smirked, “I knew that would get you to brush your embarrassed nature aside.” Steve stared right at Tony, the lust in his eyes was unmistakable. “Have to cum-“ Steve moaned as he frantically began humping Tony’s thigh.Steve panted and moaned into the crook of Tony’s neck, his arms wrapped around Tony’s body, desperately clinging to his shirt. “You’re so hard for me,” Tony thrust his crotch and thigh up and down, giving the soldier more friction. “Mmm such a good slut.” Steve gasped at those words and he came, his load spattering onto his stomach and dripping into his pants. The blonde didn’t slow his grinding hips for a moment, he raised his head and gave Tony a needy open mouthed kiss.This is what Tony loved about Steve everything is so desperate, so raw. Tony’s cock was fully erect, both cocks rubbing against the other through their pants. Both straining and leaking, so slippery from the cum. It was all teeth and tongues and hard cocks grinding against the other.They both pulled away from the kiss and cried out, cumming at the same time. They rode the aftershocks of orgasm embraced, riding out the last drops of cum on each other’s thigh. They slumped to the floor and laid on their backs, panting. Both a mess, so sweaty and undone. Of course Steve was still straining against his cum soaked pants.“Tony when you meet Bruce in the lab today… could you ask him?”The billionaire slowly lifted his head, still in afterglow of orgasm. “Hmm?” he asked lazily. “Ask Bruce.” Steve pressed. Tony rolled his eyes, “I can’t believe you’re asking me this now after that incredibly hot moment we just had.” Tony teasingly ran his fingers along the riged outline of Steve’s cock. Steve groaned at the light touch his hips involuntarily bucked towards the man’s hand.“Tony- Please.” Steve gazed at him, his hunger growing. “I want you, Bruce and Clint to fuck me.” Steve swallowed thickly. "I need The Other Guy to fuck me.”Tony hastily stood like he had been struck with a lightning bolt. “What am I doing laying on the floor when I have places to be? Gonna go change, shower and meet Bruce in the lab to talk. Love you bye!” he left the room at sonic speed, care
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Hulk/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
No Refractory Period
Multiple Orgasms
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
slutty!Steve
Shameless Smut
fronttage
Dirty Talk
Dildos
cumming untouched
so much cum
Multiple Penetration
Triple Penetration
Nipple Play
Threesome
Cock Slut
Overstimulation
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Exhibitionism
Coming In Pants
Masturbation
Deepthroating
Oral Sex
Cell Phones
Sleep Sex
Vibrators
Come Inflation
Large Cock
belly bulge
Steve can take A LOT
Cum Inflation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Hulk/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

