Work Text:
If Wade could say one thing in favor of himself, it’s that he wasn’t the kind of person to go around breaking promises. At least to anybody other than The Avengers, S.H.I.E.L.D., The X-Men, X-Force, X-Factor, the Fantastic Four, the IRS, the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, the RCMP, M-I6 and the entire lineup of the mid-Nineties MTV VJ’s.When it came to people who really, really mattered to him, he always gave it the old college try to do his best to keep to his word. And when it came to one Peter Parker, Wade never, ever broke a promise, not even if it meant having to let a U-Haul full of Skrull spies escape across the Estonian-Latvian border. Therefore, whenever Peter didn’t keep to his word, not only did it annoy Wade to no end, it also deeply hurt him. Given that Peter was breaking his promises more often that not lately, Wade was constantly walking around feeling as if he’d had his heart twisted by a grain thresher.He paced around the loft apartment that he and Peter had shared for over a year now, trying hard not to seethe and failing spectacularly at it. Outside the big window, the sun was setting over New York City. The sky was layered in hues of orange, red and yellow. Shadowy shapes of skyscrapers and office buildings loomed in front of the tequila sunset sky, silent and dark. Wade kept glancing at the skyline, expecting to see Peter swinging between the concrete mountains of the industrial jungle.“I can’t fucking believe you sometimes,” Wade said to the Spider-Man plushie clutched in a death grip in his right hand. In lieu of Peter actually being present, the dopey little textile was the next best thing. “I told you three goddman days ago that I wanted us to order some Chinese and marathon Orange is the New Black together—maybe even have some Netflix sex—and you go and fuck it up again!”“But Wade!” Wade imitated Peter’s voice, albeit in an exaggerated soprano, “I am the friendly neighborhood Spider-Man! I must defend New York City with the power of my junk-squeezing underoos lest the responsibility fall to one of the twenty-six dozen other super humans living in the Big Apple!” “You promised!” Wade held the plushie up to his face and glared into its white eyes. “I may have lapses in memory, judgment, morals, ethics and spoiler alerts, but we were swinging over the Bronx watching the slumdogs have a dance-off and you said you’d stay in tonight to Netflix and chill with me!”Wade switched back to the sing-song parrot of his boyfriend’s voice. “You don’t understand! I have reason to believe that Red Skull is plotting with the love child of Stegron and Anti-Venom to assassinate the Baby Jesus!”“I. DON’T. CARE!” Wade flung the Spider-Man plush clear across the loft. It bounced pitifully off of the cupboard over the sank before landing in the basin. “I MATTER MORE!” For a moment, Wade stood there, breathing heavily, hands balled into fists at his sides. The stubby blue legs of the plushie were sticking up out of the sink.“Aw geez,” Wade muttered. He crossed the loft and retrieved the Etsy creation from the empty sink. “Now look at what you made me do, Petey.” He looked back down at the white eyes of the thing. Wade had never noticed before just how lopsided the artisan had sewn the eyes onto the front of the plushie. Wade’s anger took a momentary stumble down the stairs before getting right back up with a vengeance. He knew it was pointless to rant and rave at the dopey little plushie, but he couldn’t very well have these conversations with Peter of late. Peter always took the submissive turn whenever Wade got irritated or angry, his eyes going downcast as he apologized for yet another promise not kept. Of course, he would immediately follow this up by tumbling into bed, saying how tired he was.Wade squeezed the chubby body of the plushie until it resembled a hair scrunchie. He shook with vehement rage at the impossibility of it all. With a cry of anger, Wade flung the thing from him again. It sailed through the air just as the door to the loft opened.Peter stopped just over the threshold, his brown eyes following the stuffed effigy of himself as it landed silently on his and Wade’s bed. He glanced at Wade, gave him a nervous smile and said, “Ahehehe…uh, honey I’m home?”Wade growled in response and crossed his arms over his chest. “Your dinner’s on the table.”“Really? Thanks babe. I’m famish—Peter stopped in his tracks in front of the circular, second-hand table. “Hey, there’s no dinner here.”“No shit, Sherlock. We were supposed to have the first half of column A and column B from Grand Sichaun’s delivery while watching Piper Chapman be a sassy, badass bitch, remember?” Peter’s face predictably fell. This close up, Wade could see that he really did look bushwhacked. There were dark circles under his eyes and he needed a shave. Wade was open to the argument that Peter really had just been too busy for him.He was just tired of ceding that point.“I’m sorry,” Peter said, looking at his socks. “It’s just be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
BDSM
Dominant Wade
Submissive Peter
Toys
Kink
Ball Gag
Nipple Clamps
Cock & Ball Torture
Cock Rings
Vibrators
Face Slapping
Spanking
Anal Fingering
Facials
Aftercare
Hand Jobs
Web Handcuffs
Domestic Squabbling
Bondage
Dirty Talking Wade

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

