Work Text:
“Come on, baby,” Bucky croons. “C’mon, now, I know you can do it.”Steve sobs. It’s a helpless, hiccuping thing; a sound of complete abandonment. He’s out of breath, flushed tits heaving, arms flexing against his restraints weakly. Bucky could take these ones off – these specially made, reinforced ones that they need in order to keep Steve still – he could take them off, replace them with regular cuffs and right now, Steve wouldn’t be able to break them.His baby gets weak when he gets to feelin’ good. That’s how Bucky knows he’s doing right.Steve’s spread out on the bed, naked where Bucky isn’t. Naked except for the strap of black leather across his throat; his baby’s pretty collar.His skin glistens with sweat and his own come in the low lighting and there’s a toy inside him – a nice little vibrator going to town on his prostate – while Bucky works another on his cock; a fleshlight. They’ve been at it for a while now and Steve’s come so many times that the pleasure hurts now; hurts like his fella needs.“I wanna see it again,” Bucky tells him, using his free hand to brush fingers through Steve’s sweaty hair. “Show me, sweetheart, and I’ll give you my cock. You want it, don’t you? Want me inside you?”Steve moans raggedly, legs spreading wider at the mere mention. Bucky smiles.“I wanna give it to you,” he says. “But you have to be a good boy for me. You have to earn it. Come for me now.”He draws his hand away from Steve’s hair, dropping down to his tits; pinching one nipple, rolling it as he leans over to lick at the peaked bud. Steve cries out, arching, and when his hips start to jerk, Bucky knows that he’s been obeyed.Slowly, gently, he removes the toy from Steve’s cock but the vibrator, he leaves on, leaves inside. Steve trembles, twitches, as the stimulation starts to become too much. Sweet, hurt little noises sound in the back of his throat as he shifts restlessly on the bed sheets.Bucky leans over him again, this time to take Steve’s face between his palms and kiss his slack mouth sweetly. There are tears on Steve’s cheeks and eyelashes now and his breathing has, if anything, gotten louder. Heavier. He whines into Bucky’s mouth.“Beautiful,” Bucky murmurs, nuzzling into him. He smiles gently as his thumb wipes away a fresh tear. His other hand reaches down to pet his cock, light and teasing, but still too much. He knows by the broken, wounded sob his ministrations receive.“My beautiful boy,” he praises. “Sweet boy.”Steve makes another noise and then another. It takes Bucky a moment to realize that he’s trying to say something but his mouth isn’t cooperating.“P-please,” he gets out finally, barely a whisper.“Please what, hm?” Bucky asks, stroking his face, his hair. “Tell me what you want, baby.”It takes Steve another moment, but then:“Don’t – don’t stop,” he begs, raw and open.That earns him another smile. “I won’t,” Bucky promises, kissing him again; this time in reassurance. “I won’t, sweetheart. Still need to give my boy his reward, don’t I?”He climbs off the bed to get his clothes off but he keeps himself in Steve’s line of sight the entire time. As much to tease him with each divested layer as it is to reassure him of Bucky’s presence; make sure he knows that he’s not alone. That he won’t be left alone.When he’s done, Bucky kneels between his legs, wetting his own cock. Turning the toy off, he pulls it out slowly, soothing Steve with gentle touches and words as he does so. Steve whimpers at being left empty -- can’t stand being empty, his boy, not when he’s like this -- but Bucky steadies himself with the knowledge that he won’t be empty for long.Lifting Steve’s hips, he scoots closer until Steve is spread out across his lap.“Look at me, baby,” he orders.Blinking hazily, Steve does, head lolling against one arm as he stares right at him. Bucky spreads him open, teases his boy’s hole with the head of his cock. Steve’s breath comes faster again, eager.“You were good for me,” Bucky tells him calmly as he starts to press inside. “That’s why you get to have this. Only good boys get to have my cock, ain’t that right, sweetheart? But you earned it. You were so good, baby, so goddamn good.”He groans, eyes fluttering, letting himself have a moment of selfish pleasure as his cock sinks easily -- so easily, his baby’s so open, been played with so thoroughly -- into the wet heat of him.And Steve – Steve’s mouth falls open in a high-pitched stuttering whine, entire body jerking, pulling taut against his restraints.“Is it too much?” Bucky asks, petting his boy’s shaking thighs.Steve’s head lolls back and forth in something that might resemble a headshake. His coordination is shot all to hell and seeing that just makes Bucky’s cock throb.“Don’t stop,” Steve begs again. “Don’t – please, don’t –”Bucky presses Steve’s cock against his belly, metal thumb holding it down firmly as he spanks it once. His boy jerks again, whimpering.Firmly, he says, “‘S not what I asked.”Steve’s eyebrows knit together, mouth pull
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BDSM
Dom/sub
Forced Orgasms
Overstimulation
Sex Toys
Restraints
Praise Kink
Sub Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

