Chapter 1: Another Situation
    




Chapter Text
Stiles looked around the airport in Washington D.C for the man his dad sent him to live with. After everything that had gone down this past school year, with werewolves, the Kanima and all the deaths, not to mention the lying on Stiles’ part and the kidnapping, his dad had enough and sent him to live with his old Ranger buddy, who just happened to be his godfather.  Stiles has never even heard of this man, his father never talked about him. At all.He spotted a black imposing man with an eye patch over left eye, wearing a long black trench coat holding up a sign, which had his full name on it. Like the name his mother gave him that no one could pronounce.Stiles quickly walked over to him.“Mieczyslaw Stilinski?” The man asked taking in the busted lip, fading bruised jaw, stitched eyebrow and the way the teen carried himself.“I go by Stiles, much easier for everyone involved.” Stiles gave the guy a once over. He didn’t trust the man.“Follow me,”Stiles followed the man out of the airport, duffle bag swung over his shoulder, out to a black SUV. Stiles tossed his duffle bag into the back seat before climbing into the front passenger seat. The ride to wherever they were going was done in silence. The man didn’t offer any information nor did Stiles try and ask any questions. The teen was still bitter over the decision his father made, the feeling of betrayal sat heavy in his chest.It took about an hour and a half to reach their destination. Which, turned out to be a standard of the mill, six floor apartment building, made out of brown brick.The man parked the vehicle in front of the building and got out. Stiles scrambled out, grabbing his bag, and followed him up the front steps. The building may look old and plain on the outside, but Stiles noticed that it had a keycard panel to open the front doors.They headed up to the sixth floor and down the hall to a corner apartment. The man opened the door and lead Stiles into the apartment.The apartment was newly modeled and lacked any personal touches. Stiles suspicion grew."There's food in the fridge, help yourself. There's a wifi password on the desk in your room and the TV has fiberoptic cable. I'll be at the office until 9 pm. The number's on the fridge. There's also pamphlets on your bed with the top four schools in the area. Take a look and see which one you would prefer to go to once the summer is over."With that the man turned around left the apartment."Great to meet you to uncle Nicky, whom I've never met before." Stiles mumbled under his breath and went to search out his room.It was a surprisingly large apartment. Bright and airy, a large kitchen and living room with a fire escape just outside one of the living room windows, and three bedrooms and two bathrooms. One of the bedrooms was turned into an office of sorts. Another was the master bedroom, with yet again no personal touch, with an on suite attached.The final bedroom Stiles guessed was for him. There was a double bed with black and grey bedding, a low dresser, a bookshelf and a desk. There were the pamphlets on the bed and a sheet of paper on the desk that Stile presumed had the wifi information on.Stiles placed his duffle bag down at the foot of the bed and took stock of his new room. He felt uncomfortable within the room, so he went about checking for cameras and listening devices.It took an hour to find four cameras and eight listening devices. He didn't remove them just pretended he didn't find them and made it look like he was looking for the perfect hiding spot to hide his notebook. The one that he wrote a copy of the Argents Beastiary in Archaic Latin. He purposely added complete gibberish with nonsense symbols and codes.He 'hid' the notebook in the vent in the ceiling purposely blocking the view of the camera there. If his dad wasn't the Sheriff and he hadn't spent years snooping around, Stiles probably wouldn't have known which places to look for the cameras and listening devices.He then started to unpack. First his clothing, putting them away into the dresser. He didn't pack a lot of things, just more of his nicer stuff. He left the graphic t-shirts a home, if he was still allowed to call it that, and his newest jeans. Followed the clothing was pain medication and two prescriptions of Aderall. He'll probably have to call his doctors back in Beacon Hills to fax over new prescriptions for the up coming school year.Last was his laptop, that he had gotten Danny's help to set up an encrypted software where it would be extremely impossible to hack. He also got the computer genius to teach him how to hack two days before he left. Apparently with the right instructions Stiles became a pro. Danny and Deaton were actually the only people that knew he left. He hadn't heard from the pack since the night he was kidnapped and they saved Jackson. Deaton had given him a memory key with magic books scanned onto it. Stiles had wanted to learn more about his Spark
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stiles Stilinski/James 'Bucky' Barnes

freeform: 
Violence
Torture
BAMF Stiles
Character Death
Temporary Character Death
Attempted Murder
Murder
Super Soldier Serum
Super Soldiers
Hurt Stiles
Protective Steve
Protective Tony
Protective Avengers
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Alpha/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Magic Stiles
Magic
Mpreg

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Stiles Stilinski/James 'Bucky' Barnes

