Chapter 1: "I thought you’d be the master of stalking me by now"
    




Chapter Text
“We don’t think you’re…. mature enough to be a full time member of the Avenger Initiative.” Fury had said as tactfully as he could.
This was ringing in Peter’s ears as he patrolled that evening, he couldn’t believe it. He might have believed it if he was still that confused seventeen year old, but the man was nearing thirty this was ridiculous. Apparently Fury considered helping the little people less noteworthy than fighting aliens every few years. Peter could understand where Fury was coming from, he suppose, you know it’s only the people of New York Peter was helping. What was that? Eight million people? Not that big a deal really, especially considering a lot of the work he did nowadays was cleaning up after the Avengers. Yeah, nothing major.
And you know what hurt the most? The Avengers agreed with Fury, they said he wasn’t ready. The ol’ Cap had sat him down and said “You’re better out working on the streets than working with us. You’ve got more than enough time and energy for that, kid” and then he had the audacity to ruffle Peter’s hair. Did anyone in S.H.I.E.L.D. know that Peter had the ability to age past twenty?
Then, to add insult to injury, Fury said that, although he was still not a qualified Avenger, his skills were still needed for a recon mission. As though he was their pet that was on their beck and call. And he couldn’t just say no, lives were at stake. So he was on call for the next couple of days, they even gave him a pager. He was going to throw that outdated thing down the stairs next chance he got.
So yeah, he was more than a little miffed. It probably didn’t help that he spent the rest of the day patrolling the streets, practically jumping down the throats of anyone who even jaywalked in front of him. He was now perched on the edge of a rooftop, there was a shady looking guy standing next to the hot dog stand on the corner of the street.
“Wow I didn’t know being called Spiderman actually made you act like a spider, do you eat flies as well or are you more of a wasp man?”
Peter nearly fell off the damn building, he turned around to see Deadpool waving at him. He sighed deeply.
“If we could not do this that’d be splendid.” Peter said before jumping off of the building. He managed to swing over to a building further down the street and continued to watch the shady man.
“Motherfucker… you do not take my knees into consideration when you pull shit like that.” Deadpool panted while clutching said knees. He’d somehow managed to catch up to him not even minutes after Peter had gotten there. If Peter wasn’t mad he’d be impressed.
“What do you want, Wade?” Peter asked, he always wanted something, although usually he only wanted to hit on Peter.
“Spidey you’d consider us friends, right?” Deadpool said in such an ass-kissing tone, Peter had to roll his eyes.
“Nope, not even once, I can’t say the thought has even slightly crossed my mind.” Peter quickly replied. Deadpool ignored him and carried on.
“So, friend, I have a proposition for you.” He stopped for a dramatic pause. “How would you like to date me?”
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” Peter responded after he took a minute to pick his jaw back off the ground.
“Not for real, god no. I would never, I mean I don’t even know who you are. You could be a grey old man under there… although you sound fifteen.” Deadpool babbled. For fuck’s… he’s twenty eight, how does no one realise this?
“Does this have a point?”
“A certain Canadian-played-by-an-Australian ursine friend of mine insisted that if I am going to be associated with him and his merry band of X-Men, I need to get my ‘fucking ass into gear.’ And I didn’t want to do that so I hired a PR team to do it for me. And they said it’d be good for my image if I dated a superhero and I knew I never had a shot with Captain America soooo.” Deadpool trailed off.
“You want to fake date me?” Peter replied. Was this real? This couldn’t possibly be a real thing that Peter was being asked.
“Well I would actual date you if you really want, but we’d need to establish a safe word first.” He could practically see the horrific images in Deadpool’s brain.
“No, thank you.” He replied and went to jump again, Deadpool grabbed his arm before he could.
“To the real dating?” Deadpool clarified.
“To both.” Peter said as though it were obvious. Deadpool looked genuinely shocked.
“What?! How can you say no?”
“What made you think I’d say yes?” Peter asked, deeply confused at Deadpool’s plan here.
“Blind faith mostly.” Deadpool shrugged.
“Right ok, see you round Wade,” Peter again turned to leave.
“Fine see if I care run back to your Avengers, better company than I ever could be.” Deadpool muttered bitterly under his breath and started the slow rejected walk back to wherever he came from. The Avengers… Peter had a thought, it wasn’t a good thought and normally he’d regret thinking it. But today was different, today he wanted to tell the Avenge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spiderman/Deadpool

freeform: 
fake dating au
my fave type of au lbr
Wade's secretly in love with Peter
Wade can't really handle it
Peter is subconsciously in love with Wade
Peter is handling it just fine

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spiderman/Deadpool

