Work Text:

Amaryllis and Peonies
 Tony’s first heat had been a complete shit show. He’d had it late, at age fourteen—but he’d already been in college at that point. Most alphas had noticed he’d been going into heat before he did, and hadn’t even warned him—until Rhodey burst into his dorm room one day and blurted out ‘You cannot go outside for the next week because I just had to beat some asshole away from your door. You’re going into heat.’ Terrified, Tony had immediately called his mother. She’d burst into tears because she had been scheduled for surgery on her sinuses in only three hours, but she desperately wanted to get in the car and have Jarvis drive her straight to MIT anyway. Jarvis had prudently pointed out that she was really in no shape to do so (she had nearly passed out from pain the day before), and had instead suggested his godmother, Margaret Carter, go to him instead. Maria had raged for about ten minutes before admitting defeat—only because Jarvis personally vouched for her, of course. Aunt Peggy had arrived the next day, explained to him what all the items she’d brought were for, and had then stood guard outside his door while he went through the most miserable week of his life. She’d sent Rhodey in a few times to make sure he was staying hydrated, but if the younger alpha lingered, she’d snarl, and he’d come running right back out. It was humiliating. Alphas wouldn’t stop sniffing at him for weeks until Rhodey finally lost his temper and snarled at any alpha that approached him for anything more than physics notes. His second heat went smoother, thank heavens, and then he settled into a regular cycle of mild heats that continued until Afghanistan. Thanks for small mercies. The stress from the explosion and Yinsen performing surgery on him had been too much for his body to handle along with his heat. Even after escaping, after becoming Iron Man, after the Palladium poisoning, he hadn’t had a heat. It was only after Natasha had stabbed him in the neck that he’d suffered through three painful, sporadic heats that lasted irregular times before he eased back into a regular cycle with his new element in his arc reactor. He had never appreciated his heats until he’d thought he’d never have a regular one again. .-.-.-.-.-. Tony typically worked through his heats. They were mild enough that they were only a bit of an irritant. He could just wear a plug or a pad to catch the slick, take an ibuprofen for cramps and fever, and if the empty ache got unbearable, he had a knotted dildo he could sit on. And, now that his heats were mild, he could hang out with alphas without them trying to sniff him inappropriately. Rhodey had once commented that when he’d first started his heat, he’d smelled like an overripe fruit, and now he just smelled like a blossom. He didn’t know how he felt about going from a fruity to a floral smell, but hey, no one was trying to break down his door, so whatever. He didn’t even think about it when he went down the common room for movie night. Clint was a beta, Thor was an alien that didn’t have an orientation, and Bruce had been a beta before his accident had left him without an orientation as well. He wasn’t quite sure what orientation Natasha was, but she hadn’t reacted to his heat when she’d been his assistant, so he figured it didn’t matter. Steve was an alpha, but that was fine; he was too polite to sniff at someone in heat. Or at least, he’d thought so. He sensed the change in the room more than he saw it. He’d just been adding some last-minute changes to a Stark Phone on his tablet when the hair on the back of his neck stood on end. He froze instinctively, nose flaring as he scented the room. Nothing was out of the ordinary except for the scent of his heat. “…Holy shit,” Clint whispered, which was not reassuring at fucking all. Tony turned his head a little to peek at the others from the corner of his eye. Clint was in the arm chair, covering his mouth with both hands and staring with wide eyes at something further to his right. Bruce was sitting up straight in the other armchair, looking ready to bolt. Thor was on the floor and watching him curiously, eyes darting back and forth from him to— 
Steve.
 Tony shuddered a little when he finally saw the blond’s eyes boring into him, blue irises a thin ring around his blown pupils. He’d turned his whole body to face him, nostrils flared as he took in his scent. Then his mouth dropped open, to better catch the scent on his tongue with long, slow pants of breath. He’d forgotten that Steve came from a time where omegas stayed sequestered during their heats. He probably hadn’t smelled an omega in heat since he’d woken, since omegas in heat still tended to stay inside for the week, even if they didn’t stay inside a room specifically for it. And he’d just waltzed down into a room in front of an alpha in his prime, who had probably never smelled slick in his direct presence before. He was suddenly incredibly terrified, like he’d bee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
courting
Misunderstandings
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov is only there because she accidentally proposed
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark Endgame
Language of Flowers
Humor
Light Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

