Chapter 1: First it was Complicated
    




Chapter Text
Soulmates are complicated. By this, Tony means that his soulmate situation had been weird since he was born, and he genuinely had no idea how the hell he was supposed to actually do anything about it.To be fair, given who he was, he always had those moments when meeting new business associates when he was frightened they'd get that look, that edge of dazed recognition, that meant they'd caught the odd scent that everyone in his circles liked to call the 'clue scent' or the 'homecoming scent'. He thought it was a whole lot of mystical bullshit, or a biological bit of code no one had quite figured out yet, but some people were romantics. He knew it, he'd experienced it, the first time with Rhodey on meeting him in college even, and he still wasn't that impressed with it.People liked to forget that Schmidt, that is to say Hydra's Red Skull, had been one of Captain fucking America's Soulmates. Sure, it had been hushed up, and hushed up hard, but someone had leaked, and the scandal and horror it had caused had been memorable. Some people, let's be real, a lot of people, took it as a hard reminder that soulmates were not a romantic thing. Soulmates were just finding someone meant to be someone to you and that was fucking it. That didn't stop the people who thought Captain America and Red Skull dying together was absolutely romantic though, even if it had always made Tony's skin crawl. Just like it didn't stop Tony from knowing since childhood that the moment he found any soulmate that they would then be his problem. No matter what kind of soulmate they were. It didn't matter if he hated them even, the expectation was there and he had to figure out how to deal with them from that moment forward on his own.He kind of always hoped really hard that none of his were going to be an arch nemesis, because he was kind of a possessive kid, who grew into a possessive adult, and he couldn't really be blamed for wanting to be able to keep his destined pack, and wow but it was not going to be a small one if he managed to find them all. Especially given that he kept getting more marks as he got older to go with the freaking four he'd been born with. He just knew that he was going to be fucking thrilled that he was rich when it came down to it, because even if they were all oddballs who just had him, that was still more than the typical pair of marks any one person had. And yeah, sure, it was usually the prerogative of the top alpha in a pack to provide the housing situation but fuck that. His caretaking instincts may be a little broken, but Tony Stark was the kind of omega who was going to be the damn provider of the financial means in a pack, thank you very much. He'd be happy if any alphas he picked up ended up being artists or something, something that meant they didn't care about the money and were perfectly happy being kept humans. He could handle that, no problem whatsoever.Well, any other alphas. Rhodey was certainly not that type at all. He was also overprotective in that adorable but completely not needed sort of way that some alphas had, which was cute, and he adored the guy, but really. Still, it wasn't like their friendship suffered for it, and he'd made it through college more or less unscathed due to the guy's intense protective instinct. Not that he'd tell him that, it would be mortifying, if only because he would never live it down, but now he was on his own, out in the world while Rhodey was off with the military.He missed him, a feeling which had only intensified when he'd taken over the company's public relations and had been thrown into this hell of speculative stares and expectations. There was a reason he'd dodged it, after all, and looks like he was getting now? Those hopeful gazes from sharks in the water as they scented the air on first introduction? Fuck no. Actually, no, he took it back. Hell fucking no. Because one of them? One of those sharks who had been circling him the whole damn night? One who had been doing his level best to try and slander him to the ground in an effort to take advantage of his youth and seeming inexperience? One who had just come forward to greet him? Smelled like home. Justin Hammer was one of his soulmates. He didn't try to confirm it. He didn't wait to see the way the beta reacted when he registered what it was. He just dropped his hand, pivoted on his heel, and strode away. He could admit he was more surprised that the news didn't hit the tabloids the next morning than he was that the beta was his soulmate, honestly. Either way, Hammer was now officially His Problem, and he'd have to figure out how to deal with him.Soulmates. Yeah, they were complicated alright. Upside? Even if he wanted nothing to do with the guy, at least Hammer wasn't a murderer or something, so he still had one up on Captain America at least.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Pack Dynamics
Dom/sub
Unconventional versions of ALL OF THESE
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Platonic Soulmates
Enemy Soulmates
Familial Soulmates
Hermaphrodites
As a culture
Gender-Neutral Pronouns
Ambiguous Genders
Tony does his Best
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Minor Character Death
HYDRA is filled with Opportunistic Assholes
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Torture
Touch-Starved
Suddenly Fluff
Clint Is a Good Bro
Hammer is Persistent
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Obadiah is convincing
Divergent Timelines
Happy takes his job seriously
Ross is going to regret that
Super Serum Theories
Miscarriage
Each realm soulmates differently
Project Paper Clip Strikes Again

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

