Chapter 1





Chapter Text
St. Mungo's was as busy as ever. Everyone was coming in for everything from spell damage to illness. As it was 7 years after the big war with Voldemort, there were no war wounds, but still, there were very strenuous wounds. It was the night of the full moon, so there were some werewolves coming in for the Wolfsbane potion that Snape had published the formula for during the war. Now, nearly every hospital carried it, making things a lot easier for werewolves, so there were more people than usual."Oh Merlin, I need a couple years of some kind of vacation," Harry muttered under his breath.He was currently on rounds as the most popular healer at the hospital. He had trained as a healer for a couple of years under the best healer in Britain, right after taking the training to be an auror. He just hadn't felt like chasing more bad wizards; he had enough of being hunted and training to take down Voldemort. He would of course help out the aurors if they needed him or extra help(his Saving People thing, as Hermione said), but these days, it was just regular boring wizarding criminals. So, he started to train as a healer because he had been interested in what Hermione had done during that extended camping trip.He hadn't taken a vacation after the war, but signed right up as a healer in training. When he had taken charge of the Elder Wand right after he killed Voldemort, he had passed out, which had worried his friends and family alike. He had apparently been asleep for a week after that. When he woke up, he had discovered that he was taller, now 6'2''... He had been stumped about that. It seems that the Hallows really liked him as the Master of Death and wanted him to be in good health. The Elder Wand had given him a big boost in his magic, well technically they all did.Which, he thought, could be attributed to holding and owning the three Hallows. Along with his added height and power and body structure and immortality, he was more powerful than most wizards alive. He had figured that out when he was chasing some death eaters that had fled before the aurors could corral them all after the battle of Hogwarts. One of them had shot a killing curse at him and he had been too tired and too slow to evade it. Then 10 minutes later, when he had opened his eyes, he had realized that he hadn't died. The curse had hit him, but hadn't effected him. It had definitely hurt a lot, though. Harry hadn't told his friends about his immortality but they would find out in a couple of years when he hadn't aged.Harry had been interested to learn that he was one of the very few who could do wandless magic. He had discovered that owning the hallows gave him that ability. Harry had discreetly checked, or to be precise, asked Hermione to look into it, and yes, it was very rare.He had tried to leave the Resurrection Stone in the forest just before Voldemort had shot an AK at him(again), but it just found its way back. The Hallows just did not leave him. And well, he would not give the invisibility cloak away. It was too useful to sneak around for pranks and to avoid fans and well wishers and of course, reporters. They reported on anything about him, his daily errands, dates(which were unsuccessful), practically everything in his life got reported on. It was like his school years, but a lot worse. It had gotten to the point of Harry not being able to work a lot and having to come in under the cloak. Not that he played any pranks at St. Mungo's, or anywhere else. Nope, not Harry Potter. No, those two incidents at the Ministry and at Hogwarts were not his fault.“Harry!”Harry turned around and saw Hermione and Ron coming up toward him. Hermione was very pregnant with their second kid. They were still the best of friends, even when Harry and Ginny broke up at the end of the war(they decided that they were better off as friends, especially since, Harry kind of thought of her as a sister). And, even occasionally Draco met up with them and had dinner every week. Harry and Draco had become friends at the end of the war and had gotten along very well since then.“Hey, Harry, do you want to go out for dinner?” asked Ron. Since the war he had become captain of the Chudley Cannons and they had done quite good ever since. Hermione had of course, become the head of the Magical Creatures department at the ministry and challenged any laws that she thought were inhumane and awful. Werewolves and other magical creatures had many more rights now than they had before she took that job.“Sure. Let me just sign out. I was just about done anyway.” Ron and Hermione were alone, but would usually leave their one kid home with Arthur and Molly when these dinner dates would come around.“I think I will join you tonight at Hogwarts,” Ron said.Harry had taken to spending a night or two a month in his animagus form, just loping around the forest and occasionally chatting with the centaurs. And, Harry had visited the children's ward in St. Mungos a cou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Crossover
Hurt/Comfort
Master of Death Harry
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Thor
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

