Chapter 1: Introductions
    




Chapter Text
Sometimes Loki wishes that people in other realms were just as stupid as they are in Asgard.  It really isn’t fair that the people he has to work against are more intelligent and interesting then the people he protects.  But that is really just his bitterness at the situation talking.  He hates Nidavellir.  He hates the Warriors Three.  Common sense, really, that he would hate being sent to Nidavellir with them.  Especially when he needs to get some damn work done and here they are, cornered by Dwarves with magic repelling weapons and just tipsy enough to believe that killing a prince of Asgard (even a second prince, and damn Thor for not coming) and his companions wouldn’t be a bad idea.
***

Three Days Previous

But Thor had insisted.  Thor who couldn’t seem to understand that no, the Warriors Three didn’t like Loki.  And no, Loki didn’t like the Warriors Three.  And yes, everyone was very satisfied not liking each other and could continue thusly until Ragnarok with a measure of contentment. 
                Loki had, on numerous occasions, sat Thor down and explained that his position in the Royal Household did not require people to like him.   In fact, the less people liked him, the less likely they were to guess at his true role.  He explained that seeming like the jealous second son, the insecure spare heir let the people know his ‘role’ and dismiss him from their minds with the understanding that they knew exactly what he was and where he belonged.  He explained that each person that did this was another person who didn’t associate Prince Loki, shadow of Crown Prince Thor, with the Liesmith, spymaster to Odin Allfather and the shadow defender of the realm. 
                Thor still didn’t understand.  Sif understood.  Because there could be no lying to Sif, not even by Loki Liesmith.  They knew each other much too well.  So well it made Loki nervous, and he avoided her for days, until she cornered him in the library and explained that knowing someone went two ways and he could use his knowledge against her as much as she against him.  Which was both reassuring and even more worrying because that manipulation had not occurred to him.  Not with Sif. 
                So when Thor and Father decided that The Warriors Three’s attendance at a Tournament in Nidavellir was the perfect cover for Loki to discover exactly what the Dwarves were working on in their magical smith shops that had all of Loki’s little birds abuzz with anxiety, Sif was the first person that Loki could turn to.  And it should be an adequate vengeance upon his brother.
                “Lady Si-if…”  Loki singsongs in his mother’s voice as he knocks on her chamber door.  He grins as he hears the faint sounds of cursing and the shuffling of clothing as two people try to dress as quietly as possible. 
                Sif opens the door with her best curtsey for the queen, which turns into a scowl when she looks up to see Loki smiling innocently and no sign of Frigga.   She growls but doesn’t bother to try and stop him from slipping through the door.  Thor is halfway into a wardrobe that will collapse under his weight should he manage to wedge himself through the narrow door, with only his loincloth to preserve his modesty.  Loki is quite prepared to watch his fight with the wardrobe (perhaps even take bets on what will give out first:  the floor, the door, or Thor’s temper) when Sif calls, “Thor, your idiot brother is here to see us.”
                Thor looks like he is not sure whether to be relieved that it was not his mother and queen that interrupted them, or to be annoyed that his brother is sitting idly on the recently vacated bed, swinging his legs and whistling innocently. 
                He settles on annoyed. 
                “What are you doing here, Brother?”  Loki’s smile widens even further and his eyes take an even more innocent glint to them.  Thor knows he’s in trouble.  Loki is only innocent when he is at his worst.
                “Why Brother!  I didn’t mean to interrupt anything.” Loki looks around the room eyes pausing on Thor’s sweaty face and Sif’s ratnest hair.  “I only wished to correct an error in your math, Dear Brother.”
                It’s worse than Thor thought.  “Dear Brother” worse. 
                “An error in my math, Brother?”
                “Oh yes!  Did you not tell Heimdall that four passengers would be departing for Nidavellir on the morrow?”
                “Yes...You and the Warriors Three.”  Thor is confused.  He knows something is coming, but math?
                “But surely you told the Lady Sif the reason that the Warriors Three are accompanying me on my visit to the Dwarves?”
                There it is.  Sif looks around.
                “Thor?”
                They’re both looking at him expectantly.  Loki with a side of mischievous glee and Sif with a side of suspicion.
                “Sif.  Do not take this the wrong way—“  She doesn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sif/Thor
Loki & Sif
Loki & Thor
Frigga & Loki
Loki/Sigyn?

freeform: 
Alternate Universe-Loki Is Asgard's Spymaster
Loki-centric
Loki is a Malicious Cockblock
Be Chivalrous to Sif at Your Own Risk
Loki Does What He Wants
Thor Isn't as Stupid as Some People Think
Good Loki
Loki is a More Confident Person
But Still Pretty Awesome
Humor
Prompt Fic
Friendship Building Fic
Loki Flirts with His Enemies and Insults His Friends
Unapologetically Effing Up Mythology
Genderswap Loki
Pre-Movies
Sif Expresses Herself Through Violence
Chivalry Makes Men Stupid
Loki Keeps Getting Smacked Around by the Ladies
Author Ships Loki/Sindri
Don't Worry It'll Never Happen
Or Will It?
Odin is as Tricky as Loki

fandom: 
Sif/Thor
Loki & Sif
Loki & Thor
Frigga & Loki
Loki/Sigyn?

