Chapter 1: Just a Shoe
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Sorry, Rogers," the foreman says, not even looking up from his clipboard.  "We're gonna have to let you go."Steve's tired and too hot, coming off his shift on the assembly line, and at first he doesn't even register what Mr Brown is saying.  He was only hired a few months ago, and he's been doing good work.  He's been going home exhausted, shaking, his hands trembling for hours after he leaves, so he knows he's been doing good work."Why's that, sir?" Steve asks, doing his best to hold back the flash of anger that's building inside him.  Maybe they've noticed him ducking out back a few times, trying to hide the desperate gasping that comes along with his asthma attacks.  Maybe he's run out of believable excuses for the days – only three, he's sure of it, it was only three days – when the pain meant he just couldn't get up out of bed for trying and had to miss work.  The foreman shrugs.  "No one's buying what we're making.  Gotta cut back."Steve's twenty-two and he's been fired a lot in his life, which is impressive given how few jobs there are to get in the first place.  It's always for the same reasons: too slow, too weak, too small.  He thought he was onto something with this factory job; there are a couple women working the line with him, and one guy with a bum leg.  He thought he could keep up, and he had been, he's sure of it.  It'd been better, anyway, than the coughing fits he'd get yelling headlines all day, or the way his body'd felt wrung out and empty after he tried hauling crates.  And he thought that maybe, if he had a steady job and some free time, he could find the will to pick up his pencils again.Getting fired means spending day after day pounding the pavement, begging for work when there's guys twice his size and strength unemployed.  It means seeing that dismissive look in peoples' eyes over and over again, for weeks maybe.He can't help it.  He opens his mouth."And I'm the first to get cut back, huh," he says.  It's not smart, Steve knows it's not smart: Mr Brown could hire him back someday, if there were open positions again.  But he's too angry to keep the words behind his teeth, too angry to even regret them once they're out.  The foreman finally looks up from his clipboard and down to meet Steve's eyes."Yeah," he says.  There's no malice in it, which makes Steve even angrier.  It's fair to fire him, Steve knows that.  It's almost always fair to fire him.  He shouldn't be surprised, and he shouldn't be mad.The heat of the anger doesn't go away, though, doesn't drain out of him like it ought to, and Steve finds himself standing still, breathing fast, bone-tired and wishing there were some way to prove himself.  He's been keeping up, he thinks: he could have sworn that he was keeping up, this time."You can collect your pay with Madeleine," Mr Brown says, looking back at his clipboard.  To him, Steve is already gone, forgotten, a faulty part that's been removed from the machine, replaceable.Like he never even existed.He collects his pay with Madeleine and starts the long walk back to the rooming house where he shares a suite with Bucky.  It'd be better if his next job were near the Navy Yard, so he could be closer to home.  Then maybe he'd have enough strength left after walking in to work to keep up with the other guys.  Not that there's much out at the docks that he can do, that he hasn't tried.  Big tall dockers usually take one look at Steve's skinny shoulders and laugh themselves sick.A bunch of folks are sitting outside his building, lounging on the stoop and smoking or talking, taking it easy after a long day of work.  He notices Danielle from upstairs, pretty in dark blue slacks, patterned blouse, and bright red lipstick, taking a long drag on a cigarette.  She notices him back, and smiles."Hey Steve," she says.  "Long day?""I got canned," Steve replies, and settles down beside her on the stoop.  He'll rest for a minute before he tackles the stairs.  He might as well.  "Goddamn it," she sighs.  A couple of heads turn, but no one says anything.  Steve smiles, thinking how his Ma would've lost it if she'd heard a lady blaspheming like that, especially someone like Danielle who's at every Catholic Worker meeting."Yeah," Steve agrees.  "They fire a lot of workers?" she asks, perking up.  "Force everyone to take a wage cut? Are they cutting some people to overwork the rest?" Steve grimaces; selfishly, he wishes it were any of those things.  He wishes he believed Mr Brown's explanation about making cuts.  "They pay pretty well.  And I think it was just me.""Aw, that's too bad," she says.  There's a big rectangle of canvas folded at her feet, and Steve nudges it with his foot."You were all ready to paint me a sign, huh?" She laughs, and takes another drag of her cigarette.  "Anytime, Stevie.  Even if you're a union of one.  And even if you're the better artist between us." 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/various OCs
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov (background)
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes (background)

freeform: 
gender performance
queer 1940s Brooklyn
Fairy!Steve
femme!Steve
stevefeels
Union Organizing
Protests
Socialism
superhero ethics
queer ethics
queer friendships
queer communities
Found Family
collective action
Polyamory
Genderqueer Character
Pacifism
Makeup
Pretty Clothes
dressing up
Drawing
Portraiture
Military Kink
Food Kink
coming out stories
staying in stories
joyful sex work
degrading sex work
Homophobia
Heterosexism
Racism
gender essentialism
Femmephobia
Ableism
Racial slurs
LGBT slurs
Body Dysphoria
canon forced masculinization
non-consensual experimentation on people
Experimentation on Children
children in peril
child death (offscreen and brief)
Eugenics
Police Brutality
criminalized homosexuality
military segregation
Canon character deaths
OC character deaths
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
everyone is queer because Steve
Steve Rogers: Cartoonist of the Revolution
Steve Rogers: power bottom
Steve Rogers' Fighting Queers
bad becomes worse-good becomes great-queer becomes superqueer

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/various OCs
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov (background)
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes (background)

