Chapter 1: Eins
    




Chapter Text
The first time Darcy encountered True Danger with capital letters was in Tromsø, where Jane and her had – conveniently – been hidden away while the Avengers were out avenging stuff. Rationally she was well aware that any hacker worth their salt could have located them in no time at all; especially when taking into consideration the Intel Dump just earlier that year, but she knew too that she couldn’t dwell on that. (Not when she aimed to maintain a certain level of sanity…)Especially when Jane got all SCIENCE!Surviving Jane and making certain that said scientist herself maintained her transport (she did feel a little like Watson on occasion) could be a challenging task on regular days, but in her less stellar periods, Darcy barely managed to get the scientist to eat unless she threatened with IV-feeding. And the only reason that worked was because Jane was ridiculously afraid of needles and if it weren’t her last resort, Darcy would never have used this fear against her friend.They’d had a good night.Tromsø was so far up Norway that not only was Darcy – very willingly she might add – subjected to the fascinating beauty of the Aurora Borealis in natura while Jane rattled off reasons for the colours (go iron and oxygen and whatever else was in the air making these beautiful streaks across the sky) and then urged her to help her with the readings.They’d been productive as fuck, even though most of Jane’s ramblings still went over Darcy’s head. When dawn broke – even though it would only be for a few hours – Darcy loped her arm around her friend and they’d made their way back to the hotel room they’d graciously been offered, free of charge.However, they’d barely hit the road, Jane safely snuggled into the passenger seat, when another car showed up out of nowhere.Darcy felt unwell with the idea of another vehicle on the street so early; especially considering that they were, quite literally too, in the middle of bumfuck-nowhere. She tried not to let it show and instead, opted for the calm driving style she reserved for a knackered Jane.Until the car closed in.She’d only skimmed the driver’s face before she registered the barrel of the gun pointed at her and, in a reflex she’d later thank herself for, hit the brake – the shot went wild.“Shit.”Trusty as her car was, it was old, as were the tires and while she wasn’t an expert on physics she was well aware that braking on frozen ground with fucked-up-tires had a great potential of getting herself killed. Jane barely mumbled in her seat.In front of her the blue Polo (really?!) executed a perfect U-Turn and hit the gas backwards. If Darcy weren’t so focussed on keeping them alive she’d have cracked a joke about GTA Norway, Limited Edition – Out Now. As it was, the barrel pointed at her again and before she could properly swerve, the second shot rang through the air, Darcy ducked behind the wheel, hitting the gas, escape on her mind.Of all days, of all days, it had to be this one.Darcy grunted when the third shot rang out again, aimed at her – her hand fell to the gear-changer and she jammed it seamlessly, going faster. Jane wasn’t being shot at and if she’d have to wager then the despots probably wanted Dr Jane Foster alive, whereas her intern was expendable. She made a split-second choice.Hitting the gas, Darcy ducked as low behind the wheel as possible while retaining the ability to see enough of the road to steer properly. She had no weapons herself, save for the Taser that wouldn’t, in this case, do her any good so her only other option consisted in making a run for it.Given the fact that she’d, actually, hashed out a contingency plan – out of pure boredom if she were honest, she hadn’t thought that it’d be needed – she knew just where she wanted to go and what to do. All she needed was a little advantage.She swerved to the right, into the smaller car and gleefully watched it wobble on the uncooperative underground – however, her opponents regained control of the vehicle astoundingly quickly by slowing down until they found their lane again. By then Darcy had managed to get all the advantage she needed.Or so she thought.Infuriating bastards with guns probably wasn’t her best idea, she conceded, when the hail of bullets started up again, shattering her rear window. Darcy pulled down Jane – unwilling to let her be harmed. Knocked out as the scientist was, she didn’t mind hunkering down between the passenger seat and the console; Darcy had to hope for the best.She’d made it back to the remote lab she and Jane had put most of their machinery, but pausing there wasn’t an option – shouldn’t have been an option. Except, you know, it was pretty much surrounded by vehicles and men with guns. Darcy cursed and slowed to a halt.The Polo (still: seriously?) came up behind her and a man exited, cursing up a blue storm as he marched towards her. Darcy locked the doors and hunkered down.“Give up Dr Foster!” the man demanded, barrel to the win
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BAMF Darcy
mentions of - Freeform
Dissociative Identity Disorder
PTSD
selective mutism
steve is an ass
but he has his reasons
Darcy understands
Jane is a good friend
Instructor Clint
cqc
Marksmanship
Tasers
And knives
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Awesome Natasha
courting
kind of
So Much Subtext
Friendship
Falling In Love
Comfort
AIM - Freeform
A little bit of violence
Prompt Fic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

