Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy woke in a bed that was not her own - it was at least twice the size of the one in her apartment and had much nicer bedding. For a moment, she couldn’t remember where she was, still fuzzy from the nap she had taken. The pillows smelled good, like men’s cologne on top of the clean laundry scent. She could hear movement and talking downstairs, and everything clicked in her head - this was the vacation home that Clint and Natasha owned. The trip from the airport had been long enough that she must have dozed off because she didn’t remember how she had gotten into bed. A grin spread across her face and she scooted out of bed, finding her way into the ensuite bathroom to make herself presentable. After a quick splash of water on her face and running her fingers through her hair, Darcy deemed herself worthy of being looked upon and went downstairs. From the landing, she could see the rest of the large house: the living room that stretched into a dining room and kitchen that were separated by a bar. The floor-to-ceiling windows granted them a spectacular view of the woods surrounding most of the property with the Pacific just beyond them. Darkness was just beginning to fall outside, the sky a gradient of lavender and rose. Her socks muffled the sound of her footsteps on the frosted glass steps as she descended the staircase. While she could see neither Clint nor Natasha, but she could hear them talking in the kitchen. A curl of shivery anticipation coiled within her when she heard the deep rumble of Clint’s laughter. Darcy could see the two of them standing together at the counter, talking to each other while Natasha poured a bottle of red wine into three glasses. Clint’s left hand rested on the small of her back and he leaned in close to her as if to share a secret. Despite having slept with them in every sense of the word, Darcy had never seen them be so intimate with each other. She hung back, wanting to let them have their moment, but it was short-lived. Clint said something to Natasha and both turned to face her, his arm still around Natasha’s waist.“Since when did you get so shy?” Natasha said.Darcy walked into the kitchen. “I’m not.  You two just looked like you were being all couple-y, and I didn’t want to interrupt,” she explained, giving a small shrug.“Well we wouldn’t have brought you up here if we minded that,” Natasha said, stepping away from Clint. She smiled fondly at Darcy and stroked her hair back from her face. “Good nap?”“Mhmm,” Darcy hummed and leaned into Natasha’s touch. She eyed one of the glasses on the counter with a smirk. “One of those for me?”Clint handed both Natasha and Darcy a glass and took the last for himself. They toasted to a fun weekend, clinking their glasses together and taking a sip of the ruby-tinted wine. Natasha led them back into the living room where all three sat on the couch with Darcy in the middle. Her thoughts flashed back to the fantasy she had admitted to them months ago and felt heat creep up into her cheeks that was most definitely not from the wine. She wondered just how much fun this weekend was going to be.The remainder of the bottle quickly disappeared as the sky turned from a hazy, deep pink to a dark bluish-black above the ocean. They had been talking about everything but their last mission, and Darcy was okay with that. She was simply glad to be able to spend time with them again, though she did wonder what exactly had happened. The intimacy between them, the way that they touched each other, it was much more intense than she remembered. Clint disappeared into the kitchen for what Darcy assumed was another bottle of wine. She had been a little distracted by Natasha leaning into her when he said why he was leaving the room. Natasha’s gaze had physical weight as it dragged over Darcy’s skin and left her shivering.“I’m glad you’re here,” Natasha said, her voice that low hum that made Darcy’s mind drift to the most interesting places. Her warm hand ran up Darcy’s exposed arm and up to cup her face, drawing her in even closer.“I am too,” Darcy replied and tilted her head, letting Natasha kiss her for the first time in what felt like years. The wine was nothing compared to the intoxicating feeling of Natasha’s mouth pressed against her own. Darcy moaned softly as she felt Natasha’s tongue slip between her lips. One of Natasha’s hands curled in Darcy’s hair, drawing her even closer until the separation between their bodies felt blurred, almost nonexistent. Through her slightly fogged perception, Darcy felt the couch dip beside them where she had been sitting. When she and Natasha had broken their seemingly never ending kiss to take a breath or two, she turned her head to the left and saw Clint watching them. Darcy smiled faintly, still under Natasha’s heady influence.“Mmm, I forgot how good you tasted,” Natasha purred in her ear, mouthing at the outer edge of it. “Gonna let me taste you everywhere?”Rather than give a coherent resp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Threesome - F/F/M
Threesome
Double Penetration
Oral Sex
Felching
Strap-Ons
Anal Sex
Fingerfucking
Rimming
Barebacking
Blow Jobs
Community: kink_bingo
Finger Sucking
Cunnilingus
Snowballing
Bisexual Female Character
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

