Chapter 1: Control Part 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony was kneeling in front of Steve's lightly leaking, hard cock, a small string of saliva connecting to the tip of Steve's cock to Tony's tongue, the smaller man panting softly, as he moved his hand up and down his own hard cock while he was pushing one...two...three fingers into his wet hole, eyes dilated with lust. Tony was currently in heat and Steve couldn't control himself when it came to lust when Tony was in heat. Tony loved it when Steve went rough on him. Loved it when he was fucked hard by the soldier, getting taught who he really belongs to and feeling the other's knot deep inside of him that always got him sensitive. Tony looked up, Steve's hand gripping brown hair. He was so vulnerable right now, so perfect."How bad do you want me?" Steve growled deeply, his cock twitching as he watched his Mate's needy, chestnut brown eyes, hot breath tickling his cock.Tony moaned softly, the noise coming out like a soft growl of need, as he quickened the speed of his hand on his own cock, roughing moving his fingers that were in his end. "S-So...so fucking bad..." Tony whimpered, bucking his hips up a little into his own touch to show how much he needed his Alpha's knot buried inside of him, the Omega panting. "P-Please...""Sorry," Steve purred, "I didn't quite catch that. Mind-" Steve was cut off by a sharp gasp as Tony took his Mate's full length into his mouth until he was nuzzling into the blonde hairs. Steve was actually glad Tony didn't have a gag reflex. Steve moaned harshly, panting, as he set up a rough and quick pace for his hips as he started to thrust quickly into Tony's mouth. "G-Good boy," Steve groaned, watching him, fisting a hand into the brunette's hair. "Just like that. Take me in, baby. Good boy..."Tony moaned hard from around Steve, the sound nearing a needy growl, breath hitching as he shoved his three fingers into himself, trying so hard not to bite down. He looked up innocently, seductively, at Steve through his dark lashes as the Alpha fucked his mouth. Tony suddenly gasped sharply, feeling himself release into his own hand, panting hard through his nose, as he pumped himself dry of his orgasm and felt himself go soft, continuing to thrust his fingers into his stretched, slick wet hole. Tony's breath hitched slightly when he felt Steve release hard down his throat, the Omega swallowing down his release and slowly pulled off, another string of saliva hooking on to his tongue that attached to Steve cock. "That...answer your...question?" Tony asked huskily in between thick moans.Steve smirked and pulled Tony off the floor and on to the bed, laying the Omega on to his stomach, Tony moving to his hands and knees on instinct, whimpering with need, as he lapped at his wet fingers. "Steve...please," he begged, panting. "Need you. Need your knot. Now." That did it for Steve. That sent him over the edge. He plunged into Tony's end, who cried out loudly, and started to fuck the other hard and relentless.Tony was quickly shut up, whining softly, as Steve thrust two of his fingers into his mouth. Now Tony couldn't express himself. Oh, well. "Suck." Steve demanded in a husky growl, squeezing Tony's hips hard with his free hand, and dragged his hot and wet tongue up and down Tony's back.Tony sucked Steve's fingers hard and obediently, panting thickly through his nose again."Fuck, Tony," Steve groaned, drilling into his Mate's prostate. "So fucking good for me, baby. Good...good boy..." Already, he felt close to his second release for the day. He did want to cum yet after they had just started. Damn Steve and his horomones. "Atta boy..." Steve purred against Tony's burning hot skin.Tony fisted the bed sheets hard, also feeling himself get close to his second release. Tony jerked his hips back against Steve's hard thrusts, panting sharply and hard. Tony couldn't even last ten more minutes before he came hard, letting his load out on to the bed sheets, moaning thickly.Unlike Tony, Steve wasn't able to last five minutes. He came hard and deep into Tony, feeling his knot swell up until he couldn't move anymore, being locked into Tony for an hour. Steve panted hard and pulled his fingers out of Tony's hungry mouth. "You are mine," he purred, lowering the both of them on to the bed so that Tony was flat on his stomach. "You will carry my pup and love him or her forever.""Y-Yes," Tony rasped, panting, and nuzzled his face into Steve's arm that was in front of him. "Always." Tony nodded and purred softly, his body hot, as his chest heaved, the man trying to find his breath again."Good." Steve smiled gently, nuzzling into Tony's neck.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stony

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Sub Tony
Dom Steve
Omegaverse
Alpha/Omega
omega!Tony
Alpha!Steve
Submissive
Dominant
Dominant Steve
Submissive Tony
Dom/sub Play
Knotting
Alpha Males
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Sharing a Bed
Male Slash
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Omega Heat
Mating
Breeding Cycle
Breeding
Pups
Bonding
Mpreg
Cock Worship
Large Cock
Finger Sucking
Fingerfucking
Held Down
Rough Sex
No Lube
Self-Lubricant
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Gay Male Character

fandom: 
Stony

