Chapter 1: Pick up a Fossil
    




Chapter Text


Emergency mission. Extracting Captain Rogers for briefing in two hours.

 
Natasha sighed at the message from SHIELD HQ. Fury always ruined her Sundays with these out-of-nowhere missions. Of course the world needed the Black Widow. Otherwise how would it survive from all the crisis?

Now she had to go get her team leader, Captain America. They had been working together in the six months since the New York incident. She never thought that she would have the chance to work alongside a living legend like him. She had heard of his reputation since her time with the Red Room. But those were just fuzzy memories. She didn’t know what was true and what they had put in her mind.
Of course, that was something to talk about later.So she left the cup of coffee on the kitchen counter, kissing her goodbye to Liho and asked her neighbor Ana to take care of her cat. She didn’t know how long she would be gone and Ana never asked too many questions, no more than she should.
She went down to the garage of her apartment building where her black Corvette Stingray was parked, turning on the tracker on her partner’s phone. She found him near the Washington Monument. She looked at the clock on the dashboard. They still had two hours left before briefing. She sent him the message to alert him before speeding out.
 

 Mission alert. Extraction imminent. Meet at the curb :)

 
He replied her a moment later with the same emoji.

 ‘ : ) ’ 

(She taught him of how to type it all and she was proud of that, being a part of bringing Captain America to the 21st century.) She assumed that he already finished his morning run.

She pulled her car over where she saw him with some guy, someone she had never seen before.  He looked okay but her naive partner had a habit of talking to everyone he met during his morning run. She told him that it was nice of him but he shouldn’t do that. (Compromising himself and brah bahnaha, the spy stuff about security and shit.) But he was also a stubborn old man and she sometime having fun arguing with him.

She 
rolled down the window

. 

“
Hey, fellas. Either one of you know where the Smithsonian is? I’m here to pick up a fossil.” She directed the joked to her Captain, who shook his head and let out a quiet laugh at her.

“Hilarious,” he replied.

Steve walked over to her car and got in. The guy Steve was talking to gave Natasha and her car an appreciative look.
“How you doing?” he greeted with a charming smile.
But she wasn’t paying much attention when Steve and his beefy body sat next to her.

 “Hey.” She replied with a sly smile.

Steve looked at the guy. “You can’t run everywhere,” he said, throwing him a look as if he was trying to tell his new friend that she was off limits.

“No, you can’t.”

Natasha quickly pulled away and drove off. Steve leaned back into the seat and pulled out his little notebook and phone before stashing it in the glove compartment. It was what he always did when she picked her him up for the mission, always coming back to collect them when they returned. 

“What’s the mission about?” he asked.

“No idea. Hill didn’t tell me a thing. She’s just assembling us for Fury.” 

“Uh-huh.”

Steve leaned in and kissed her cheek. Oh! She forgot to mention one thing. One thing that she felt she had the right to brag about. She was banging Captain America occasionally. Yeah, Russia and America were enjoying an 

excellent

 relationship. 

But what weird was that they never kissed on the lips, not once.

The first time she proposed this friends-with-benefits relationship to him, she was surprised at how very little he objected. He told her that she was right, that it was something they needed after a very hard mission, adrenaline still rushing through their body. They both needed a release. She had one rule, they slept with each other exclusively until one of them had an actual girlfriend/boyfriend (Natasha was trying to find him a girlfriend all the time, something he always said no to.) Steve had his one rule too, no kissing on the lips.
“It’s too intimate.” That was only answer.
So there they were, fucking each other from time to time. And it felt nice, knowing someone would be there if she really needed to unwind. Let’s face it, she had no one else to turn to and she wasn’t exactly a relationship type of person. Clint Barton was her best friend and he was out of question. It was just that she needed it and Steve needed it. They were friends, they were teammates, they were partners, they were single. 

They had no one else to turn to. All they had was each other.

And now that single partner of her was looking all sweaty after a morning run but still smelling so nice. Nat couldn’t help but snaking her hand to the front of his pants.

“Keep driving, Romanoff,” he ordered but didn’t do anything about her hand on his crotch. 

“I can give you a hand job and still drive, Rogers,” she replied with a sly smile.

“Do whatever you please, Ma’am.”

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Shameless Smut
Car Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Missing Scene
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Rough Sex
Exhibitionism
Romanogers Smut Week
Closet Sex
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
Quickies
Angry Sex
Dom Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
fitting room sex
Deep throat
cum licking
Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs in a Car
Making Love
Resolved Sexual Tension
Comfort Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

