Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s not as if she goes looking for trouble. Though, after a while, it does seem like she has ‘AFFILIATED WITH SEVERAL KNOWN VIGILANTES’ stapled to her forehead, complete with glue and glitter like some overzealous second-grade class project.
At least her position at the Bulletin means that she has an actual reason to be poking around suspicious activity now. Her editorials and columns have gained a surprising amount of attention from other news media outlets. She’s getting calls about her information from StarkIndustries and the New Yorker, and even some institutions that she’s 95% sure aren’t actually legal. Every time something even remotely super-hero and vigilante related happens in the state of New York, Karen’s phone rings pretty much continuously.
Ellison makes awful jokes about it, but Karen is actually convinced that he’s going to be hiring her an assistant at any point in the near future.
And then, somehow, Frank Castle winds up in her new apartment.
Okay, no, really, honestly, Karen is actually rather fond of her new place. It’s certainly not a palace or one of those fancy-ass lofts on every sitcom taking place in New York in the last three decades, but it’s got actual rooms. And walls in between those rooms. Multiple rooms. And a roof that doesn’t leak. Plumbing that works. There isn’t any mold on the walls and quite frankly the rent makes her feel like she’s committing highway robbery. When she first moved from Vermont, there had been broom closets more expensive than this.
And so far, she hasn’t been shot at while standing in it. Or knocked out and framed for murder to cover up a multi-million dollar fraud scheme by her previous employer by conveniently having her wake up next to a dead body.
Which is a significant improvement, in her opinion.
But no, yes, the Punisher. In her apartment. Staring at her with an unfazed expression on his face. Even from the doorway, she can see the white skull painted on his chest-piece.
And this is somehow so normal for her, at this stage of her life, that she honestly takes one look at Frank, at the bruises on his face, at all his gear spread around her apartment, and says, “Okay. It’s 11:07. I haven’t eaten yet. I’m going to order some dim sum from the corner and you are not going to get any of that gun oil on my bed.”
He doesn’t reply, and Karen honestly isn’t expecting him to, but she does notice that he moves something off of her bed and sets it on the floor.
She dials and orders. Close enough to her usual order that it probably won’t be seen as unusual, but also enough for two. Maybe she should have asked. Does he even like dim sum? She turns and pulls off her red coat as she waits, hanging it on the hook by the front door even as she can hear the continuing sound of a gun being cleaned.
The Punisher in full gear should really be making her more anxious than she feels, shouldn’t he? Somebody that wasn’t Karen Page would probably be running down the stairwell at the other end of the hallway outside, screaming for help. The last she heard, he was off doing his weekly mercenary thing. Yakuza last week. Italian Mob the week before. Drug Syndicate a month before that.
Then again, this ironically isn’t her first rodeo. This isn’t even her first rodeo with this specific vigilante.
Somehow she can hear her own voice echoing in her head, all those months ago. “But, but, what about when the law fails? Like it did with me, like it did with Frank?”
Which, she doesn’t want to think about. Because she’d been standing in Matt’s apartment, not this one, before everything went to hell and everything changed. Accompanied by the biggest ‘hey, guess what?’ in the whole universe. Whatever had been between her and Matt, it seems like all of Hell’s Kitchen opened up and swallowed her whole. Like an invisible glass window has separated her from everything that had happened during her time at Nelson and Murdock.
She’s splashing her face in the kitchen sink when her alarm pings and she pushes the button to open the downstairs door. A few moments later and about sixty taps of her finger against the doorframe, and there’s a knock.
“Thank you,” she tells the kid. She’s seen him around before, but can’t quite remember his name. She gives him a tenner anyway because it’s all she has in her wallet, unless he wants a dollar and thirty-three cents. “Have a good night.”
Okay, so, maybe, it hadn’t occurred to her that it wasn’t the best idea to have someone bring up food to her door when the Punisher was servicing his literal killing machine on her bed, because when she turns back to him, he’s stepping out of the hallway that leads down to her bathroom and living room.
“Food,” she tells him, waving the plastic container in his general direction. “Even if you don’t eat it now, you should probably take it with you. I can’t imagine that you can get into many diners with the,” she pauses, waving her free hand towards the white skull on his chest. “You know.”
The fact
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Karen Page/Frank Castle
Frank Castle/Karen Page

freeform: 
news at eleven: i'm still trash
I don't think I was supposed to walk out of this season with this relationship
I'll take my trash crown back now thank you

fandom: 
Karen Page/Frank Castle
Frank Castle/Karen Page

