Work Text:
“You okay Steve? You haven’t touched your steak and normally it’d be gone by now. What’s wrong?” Tony asked in a worried tone as he reached his right hand across the table and took the blonde’s in his.Even though he and Tony were on a date at the fanciest restaurant in town for the first time in ages, Steve wasn’t mentally present. Steve arranged the reservations, got the best seat in the house, and bought out the floor of the restaurants so it would be just the two of them, but he just wasn’t in the mood for it. He tried to put on a happy face, make this pleasurable for Tony, but he couldn’t stop replaying an old memory in his head. It made him feel sick, guilty, and a little ashamed, and Steve didn’t think he’d ever be able to ask Tony for what he wanted.“Steve you brought me here to wine and dine me and I’m assuming fuck me… If this is how you’re going to treat your date then see if I put out tonight,” Tony huffed as he removed his hand from Steve’s and slapped him lightly on the cheek.“O-Oh. Sorry Tony, I was just thinking about something,” Steve snapped back into reality and promptly took a bite of his half-eaten steak, though now it had grown cool and was no longer appealing.“I’ll give you something better to think about…” Tony smirked as he got down underneath the table, unzipped Steve’s dress pants and released his half hard cock from its khaki prison.“Tony we’re in publ- Mmm… Don’t stop…” Steve moaned loudly as he gripped Tony by the back of the head and shoved him down on his cock, the guilty thoughts swiftly pushed out of his mind with the flex of Tony’s throat around his erection.After the blowjob, the two men quickly paid their bill, fucked in the limo on the way back to the tower, and once more in the bedroom. Tony was frisky today, and Steve loved when he was like this; it helped take his mind off of the fantasies he was too nervous, too scared to talk about. He knew Tony loved him, of course, but he was afraid that this one desire would be too much for the genius. It was something that just seemed a little too taboo, a little out of the question, and a little too disturbing for Tony’s tastes.When Steve and Tony finished, they were both naked, drenched with sweat and semen, and the brunet wrapped his fiancé in his arms. Steve could hear and feel the arc reactor’s whir, and it helped to put him at ease. It was a sound that always made him feel safe, and whenever he was in his Daddy’s arms he knew everything would be okay. The only thing he loathed about these moments was when Tony’s incessant need to talk destroyed the peaceful silence.“Just because we fucked doesn’t mean you get out of telling me what you were thinking about. And don’t give me that ‘it’s nothing don’t worry about it’ because from the look on your face I know it’s a big deal. Now tell your Daddy what’s wrong,” the brunet tilted up Steve’s chin with right index finger, forcing him to look into Tony’s brown eyes.“Tony, it really is nothing. I don’t want to talk about it. Now just go to sleep,” Steve sighed as he ignored his partner’s persistence, and he drifted off to sleep feeling sick to his stomach: he had the opportunity to tell Tony exactly what he wanted, but he let the moment slip away.Steve woke up at five in the morning completely alone, and as he rubbed his eyes he looked around the room, looking to see if Tony had simply gotten up to use the bathroom. All of the lights were off in their combination bedroom/bathroom, however, so Steve knew that Tony was no longer in the room. He slowly got out of bed, rubbed his eyes and lumbered to the shower, still half-asleep.That night, Steve slept poorly. He kept having nightmares that Tony would find out about the kink that had been slowly overtaking his thoughts. It all started innocently enough; he was looking up new anal sex techniques to try with his fiancé when he discovered it. His searches were vanilla at first; rimming, softcore anal, creampies… The more he perused, the more he pushed the kink envelope; hardcore anal, double penetration, fisting… Then he found it.What he saw shocked him at first and he was unsure as to what he might see, but he couldn’t turn away; there was something enticing about the little preview box that peaked his interest. Steve slowly clicked on the video, craning his head to the side and closing his eyes until he could only see a sliver of light. He didn’t want to risk seeing too much in case it bothered him, but there was no way Steve could go without sating his curiosity.As Steve watched, his cock throbbed with lust. It was a truly beautiful sight, and he was impressed by the actor and actress in the video. The blonde slowly touched himself as the pornographic stars experimented, the dominant member licking, sucking, and prodding the submissive until they were reduced to nothing but moans of pleasure. He wondered how it could possibly feel; he imagined Tony as his beautiful bottom, giving into the Steve’s gentle, careful ministration,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Pump
Creampie
Prolapse
Oral Sex
Fluff and Smut
Rimming
gape
Fisting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

