Work Text:

Harry Potter, as a general rule, was not much one for hysterics. He’d seen and done so many things in his life that very few things could really surprise him anymore. 

 Admittedly, the first time he’d stepped through the Veil and discovered a whole host of new dimensions - universes - whatever Hermione wanted to call them - that had been enough to shock him for perhaps the first dozen or so times.

 But honestly, by this point he would be surprised if anything could surprise him anymore. Demon-dealing witches? Bring ‘em on. Scary ninja people? That just meant Harry needed to practice dodging. Weird mono-super-powered humans rebelling against their government? Sounded awfully familiar, and frankly, a little magic fit right in. 

 Then he began discovering that each of these worlds were not one hundred percent unique unto themselves. Really, he should have guessed. If he could find over a dozen worlds that had various incarnations of the people he knew, then why not a dozen worlds with various incarnations of people he’d never met?

 Hermione had a theory. Her theory was that during the formation of the universe, the Big Bang (whatever that was) could have gone in many directions and so it spawned infinite possibilities that all existed along-side one-another. Those infinite possibilities then had their own infinite possibilities - ad infinitum. 

 In other words, Harry had dryly pointed out that they could all spend the rest of eternity plugging in destinations to the Veil and still never manage to hit the same world twice. 

 Of course, Hermione being Hermione began to notice a pattern within the runes she was using to set up the Veil’s destination. The first block of runes usually specified a universe of a particular nature, and the rest a divergence within that universe. Or so she claimed. 

 There might have been something about proto-universes mixed in there as well, but Harry hadn’t much of a head for all that theoretical nonsense like Hermione did. 

 What it meant though...it meant that Harry could sort of decide whether he wanted to deal with witches and wizards, pagans, wiccans, ninjas, or super-humans that day (and then there were the worlds that had absolutely no magic to speak of, but those ones were so quick to search he could step in and out of half a dozen before the day was done). 

 It meant he settled into a routine. And Harry knew that eventually, routines liked to upset themselves. 

 Which is probably why he should have seen this coming. 

 After all, if the super-powered humans could have all these strange and weird technologies that almost seemed like magic...then why not aliens? 

 Aliens.

 Harry was so done. Aliens! Merlin’s balls and Morgana’s tits, what next? The end of the universe?

 Frankly, after the angels and demons, he hadn’t thought he could ever be surprised again. So colour him impressed that this particular universe had managed it. 

 It started a little something like this:
 *** Harry had prepared for his afternoon of dimension hopping (usually scheduled for twice a week, with exceptions for increased auror duties or family obligations) with his usual aplomb. He’d kissed Ginny good morning, made himself a nice, solid English breakfast of eggs, bacon and fried tomatoes with toast, then dressed in his best dragon hide and leathers under his battle cloak, transfigured it to look a bit more like a muggle trench coat, and then meandered his way over to the Ministry.
 Naturally, he’d been waylaid by the usual number of people all wanting to stop the famous Harry Potter for a chat. Usually just to ask after him and the family. Sometimes to attempt to not so subtly plug some kind of new idea. Other times, they were just fans looking for a bit of thrill. 

 Harry, having long resigned himself his lot in life, allowed himself to be delayed with considerably more grace than he had just following the war. Hermione said he’d mellowed out considerably. Harry reckoned it had something to do with Albus’s everlasting bowl of sherbet lemons. Those things were laced with calming draught and really, he popped them into his mouth so often, he was probably permanently mellow. Except when he wasn’t. 

 He contemplated the merits and the downsides of sherbet lemons all the way down to the Department of Mysteries. Naturally, Hermione was already there, at her little desk, muttering over notes, a large mug of tea at her elbow. She had a quill stuck through her messy bun of hair, and her robes did not match her undershirt at all. Harry suspected she’d had some revelation in the small hours of the morning and dragged herself here to experiment without even bothering to check what clothes she was throwing on. The Veil Project was not her only job. Hermione had always been a bit of an over-achiever and had taken it upon herself not only to research for the Department of Mysteries, but also to get her sticky fingers into every Department in the Ministry, even if only in some kind of adv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Realm Hopping
Veil of Death
The Search for Sirius!
Harry is a bit of a BAMF
Misunderstandings
Assumptions are made
Harry just goes with it
Harry's Saving People Thing
kind of EWE
Chitauri invasion

fandom: 
None
