Chapter 1: Red around the edges
    




Chapter Text
Tony swayed on his feet. Or maybe the elevator was swaying. Either way, he moved gently side-to-side as the elevator hummed its way up to the Avengers sparkling new floor. He scrubbed his hands over his face, catching sight of his watch and blinking at it. 2:10. He was pretty sure that was 2:10 in the morning, but he’d already pushed the button and he was too tired to reroute the elevator, and it was a tower full of night owls anyway. Someone would be up. Or Tony might just sit on the couch in the common room for a while and pretend that it was okay for him to be there without the armor.The elevator door swooshed open, immediately filling with the rich scent of a meat sauce, warm with herbs and a little sharp with tomatoes. He took a deep breath, unexpectedly transported back to Jarvis’ kitchen on spaghetti night, Jarvis singing merrily (off-key) as he chopped vegetables. The image was so sudden and so strong that he was startled to find Steve in the kitchen instead of his butler. Steve was mid-curse as the door opened, covered from hip to neck in a splash of hot tomato sauce. He reached down to grab the hem of his t-shirt and, maybe it was just because he was half-way to asleep on his feet, but the world did one of those fuzzy slow motion tricks as Steve pulled the shirt over his head. Tony stopped dead just outside of the elevator, staring motionless at Steve’s Mark.The ding of the elevator doors sliding closed made Steve jump. He caught Tony’s reflection in the oven door and spun around. “Jesus, Mr. Stark, you – you startled me!” he squawked, holding the shirt up to cover his nipples.Under normal circumstances, Tony would have been happy to just stare at Steve’s exposed – and really unfairly fantastic- ab muscles, but his eyes were glued to Steve’s right wrist. The Mark wasn’t visible anymore, but Tony couldn’t have mistaken that, could never pretend he hadn’t seen it. He felt himself moving across the living room as if in a dream, hesitating at the step into the kitchen.“Mr….Stark?” Steve tried after an uncomfortable minute. “Are you alright?”Tony jerked his eyes up to Steve’s face. He didn’t do tongue-tied, but he couldn’t make his voice work. His mouth opened and closed and no sound came out, or at least no sound that he could hear over the thunder of his own pulse. His stomach twisted strangely and his knees felt weak, his thighs tingling like he needed to run, or sit, or do anything but expect his legs to hold his weight.Steve took a hesitant step toward him and Tony automatically stepped back until he hit the couch, his reaction freezing Steve in his tracks. He lifted his hands to show they were empty while Tony fumbled at his suit jacket, popping one of the buttons off in his haste. Steve gave him an uncertain look, eyes growing wider in concern as Tony struggled out of the arms of his jacket, let it fall to the floor, and reached for his left cuff. He stopped, abruptly wracked with doubt. He hadn’t slept in almost 72 hours, and it had been a long three days of fighting with this board and that board, all but begging for the final permits and signatures he needed to secure the Avenger’s future and ability to operate out in the open. He could have been hallucinating. It wouldn’t make sense that Steve, of all people, would have that Mark.“Are you okay… Tony?” Steve asked softly, the kind of soft he used with frightened civilians who were two steps away from a breakdown.Tony couldn’t make himself answer. Swallowing hard, he slid the cufflink out and dropped it into his pocket. Carefully not looking at Steve, he rolled the cuff back, pulled the band off his wrist, and turned his arm over to stare at his Mark – an icy, iridescent star with red tips cradled by four arches below, and the slash of a sword above. He stared down at it, his thumb pressing below it, squeezing until the Mark flushed with blood.“Mr. Stark?”Tony jerked back, startled. He hadn’t heard Steve move, but Steve was across the kitchen and around the island, his shirt back on, sauce splatters and all. Tony caught sight of Steve’s blue wristband on the counter by the sink, abandoned at some point while he’d cooked. Tony was sure he’d always been wearing it when they’d been together, but Tony didn’t spend a lot of time staring at people’s wrists. Usually they were in business mode when he saw Steve, and so Steve was in one uniform or another. So was Tony. Mr. Stark the benefactor, or Iron Man the teammate, either only called when there was trouble. He realized that they’d never touched skin-to-skin before. When they first met as Mr. Stark and Captain America, Steve had been in uniform with his gloves on when they shook hands. Iron Man isolated Tony from all touch.His eyes met Steve’s concerned gaze, and Tony slowly turned his wrist over and held it up. It was a strain not to close his eyes and wait out the reaction – or lack of reaction – but Tony forced his eyes to stay open, kept his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Soulmate AU
Angst
Identity Porn
Happy Ending
Miscommunication
Action/Adventure
Hostage Taking
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

