Work Text:
Tony was by himself in the lab downstairs, the only Omega down there, and on the team, at the moment, and he thought he would distract himself from his heat with work. Suddenly, his senses suddenly burst to life when he scented an Alpha walk in. Clint? Tony always got nervous when his Alpha, Steve, wasn't by him and other Alpha's were near him instead. Whenever Tony was in heat, all Alpha's scents kind of smelled the same to him and it annoyed him when he couldn't point out his Mate's. He kept himself quiet, trying to ignore the obvious fact that his heat was slowly filling his lab.
"Whatcha workin' on, Stark?" came Clint's sly, hungry voice. He smirked when he got a faint whimper out of the smaller man. Clint watched as Tony quickly tense as he walked closer. The blonde knew he was crossing the line between Steve and Tony, but...God! He couldn't help it! Tony's scent was just so damn overwhelming! Clint just wanted to rip off Tony's clothes and fuck him right there on the table. Make the brunette his own. Mark him as his territory. Clint rejected the urge to do so. The archer lifted a hand and trailed it down Tony's spine, watching the muscles tense up quickly from under the black tank top.
"Go away, Clint..." Tony growled quietly. Rule number one as an Omega: never, never, never tell an Alpha to "Go away." Never! That's the one and only most important rule! Sometimes the Omega's get punished and sometimes they don't. It all depends on the Alpha. Rule number two as an Omega: never should you ever push an Alpha away. Tony makes that mistake sometimes when he's in a situation where he doesn't want to be in. Tony whimpered quietly when he heard a warning growl escape out of the other. He gasped when he was jerked around so he was facing Clint, blue eyes hungry. Tony's breath hitched when he felt a large hand cup him between the legs and palm him hard, feeling teeth bite at his neck and knew Clint was making love-bites. He gripped the table hard, knuckles white, and felt himself burn up. "Clint, please stop...I-I don't want you to e-end up getting hu-hurt. You know how Steve gets..." he whimpered and bit down on his lower lip. Unconsciously, Tony started to rock his hips into Clint's touch, whining, even pleading, for him to stop. Suddenly, Tony felt Clint start to unbutton and unzip his pants. That didn't last long when he heard the door open, knowing it was Steve. Boy, were things not going to go well. Tony's eyes snapped open and Tony saw Steve's face: It was furious. Steve looked like he was going to kill Clint! Tony was very surprised as to how Steve handled things.
"Clint," the taller, blonde Alpha growled, the sound rolling deep in the back of his throat. He wasn't in the playful mood. Why would he be? Steve just wittnessed another Alpha trying to breed with his Mate. That fumed Steve's pistons. Steve waited for Clint to stop and turn to face him before he started speaking again, voice low and dangerous, "out. Now." Baby blue eyes that were once soft were now dark and angry and it sent shivers up Tony's spine.
Clint, of course, tried to play it off cool. Like he did with everything. "Oh," he said, half-apologetic, "he's yours? I didn't know. Sorry." the shorter Alpha offered a calm smile to the taller one. "Won't happen again."
"I'll take you up on that promise, Barton," Steve growled again. Had he had a tail, it would be lashing from side-to-side wildly with anger. "Get out. Now." Steve blue eyes drilled into Clint's own blue ones, who were soft with innocence.
"I'm going. I'm going." Barton chirped and quickly scurried out, leaving the floor.
"Jarvis, lock the floor," Steve told the AI. "No one enters and no one leaves until I say." As he said that, there was the clicking sound and mechanics working.
"Floor secure, Captain." Jarvis sounded.
"Good." Steve muttered and looked over to Tony, who quickly averted his scared, chestnut brown eyes to the floor, and walked over to his Mate, noticing that the smaller man didn't even button or zip his pants back up. Poor guy was scared...
"Sorry, sorry, sorry," Tony whimpered and shook his head frantically, tears threatening to fall, though he didn't allow it to happen. "I know I should have pushed away. I know I should have, but I didn't. Just knowing Clint, he'd do anything to get into my pants. If I made just one wrong move, I'd-mmf!" Tony was cut short from his rant as Steve crashed their mouths together, feeling Steve's tongue invade his mouth. Whenever Steve was angry, the only way that he resolved his anger, which was usually when Tony was in heat, was to have angry sex with Tony. Then again, that usually hurt Tony even more, but the Omega never said anything about it. Ever.
"Shut up." Steve growled against Tony's mouth before latching on again, ducking his hands between them so he could palm Tony hard and rough, getting a loud moan out of the man, Tony bucking his hips needily into the touch. Steve, then, jerked Tony's pants, and boxers down and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stony

freeform: 
Omegaverse
Alpha!Steve
Alpha!Clint
omega!Tony
Slight Hint Of HawkIron
Oblivious Tony Stark
Possessive Steve Rogers
top!steve
bottom!tony
top!Clint
Mating
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Omega Heat
Breeding Cycle
Lab Sex
Knotting
heat - Freeform
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Alpha Males
No mpreg
Dom/sub
Dom!Steve
Sub!Tony
Dominant
Submissive
Cock-Blocking
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Smut
Protective Steve
Cock Sucking
Finger Sucking
Angry Sex
Sex

fandom: 
Stony

