Work Text:
"Aren't you a superhero? Can't you do something about this?"Sleepy as he was, Steve rolled his eyes as Bucky squirmed and fidgeted below him. After all, Bucky was a big boy and he could take Steve's weight – Even during the war, after Steve had been given the serum and before Bucky's had been activated by Hydra, Bucky could fall asleep with Steve's form draped across his chest, stomach, and legs."I have enhanced strength, speed, agility, and tactile capabilities," Steve listed. "I do not have the ability to shrink and grow at will.""You should probably fix that," Bucky groused. "Talk to Fury. Or Bruce. Maybe write to your state's congressman."Steve shifted atop Bucky, pressing his face into Bucky's ribs and willing the man to calm down.Most of the time, Bucky was right as rain (except for when he was having vivid flashbacks to the days when he was under Hydra's control). He loved Steve. Unconditionally. Always. He'd loved Steve before the serum, after the serum, during the war, and decades later when both of them were taken off the ice. Bucky loved that Steve could now hold him in his arms with Bucky's head tucked under his chin and big steel-cable arms tightly wrapped around him. And Bucky loved to hold Steve the same way, just as he had been for years – decades, now.Every now and again, though, Bucky would get into a mood where he wanted nothing more than to roll Steve into a compact ball and completely envelop him, the Bucky used to when Steve was still small, frail, and sick.For some reason, the notion was far more comforting to Bucky than it was or ever had been for Steve, and Bucky only ever got into these moods when he was worried about something.Smoothing his hands over Bucky's chest and flesh shoulder, Steve grumbled mutinously as Bucky continued to shift beneath him."What's the matter, Buck?" Steve finally murmured."Tell Coulson to fuck off," Bucky immediately demanded, and Steve blinked in surprise because Bucky liked Coulson."Bucky?" Steve pressed."Tell him to send Natasha or Barton. Hell, tell him to send Stark. I just... Cripes, Steve, do you have to work so damn much?""I hardly work at all! SHIELD only sends me on missions once a month, if even," Steve pointed out as he propped himself up on his elbow to get a real good look at Bucky. "And the rest of the time, I'm here in New York.""That's right. Here, in New York. Not in Italy getting into God knows what trouble for who knows how long-"Ah. Italy, where Bucky fell from the train and everything went wrong."I'll ask Clint to take this one," Steve allowed.Bucky settled and calmed as soon as Steve made this declaration. Steve was finally able to properly lay down and rest, pressing his face into Bucky's skin as the other man began running his fingers through Steve's hair."I miss it," Bucky eventually admitted just before Steve drifted off to sleep. "I miss how small you used to be, so if I didn't want you going anywhere or doing anything, all I had to do was wrap my arms around you and hold you against me, and you couldn't do a damn thing about it."Steve remembered those days well. Usually, Steve had been fixing to do something stupid and get himself hurt,and Bucky was just looking out for him, but oh, it had pissed Steve off when Bucky pulled something like that.So he responded to Bucky's confession with a muttered, "Ass." When Steve moved into the Tower, he had Tony. When Bucky moved in, he had Natasha."What do they even do together?" Tony muttered when Steve wandered down to the workshop.Clint was in Italy and Natasha always got a little high strung when the archer wasn't within shooting distance, so Bucky had taken it upon himself to distract her."They speak Russian, people watch in Central Park, and then go watch old film noir movies and harass the other people with them in the theaters. I'm not invited," Steve answered as he looked around for one of his sketch books – he was sure there were at least a dozen in the workshop, but he had discovered that things had a tendency to mysteriously move around (DUM-E) or disappear entirely (this one he blamed on Tony) when left sitting around Tony's shop. Sure enough, as Steve looked around, he could see two of his sketchbooks in plain view. One was sitting on top of a pile of Stark Industries paperwork but beneath several used coffee mugs, and the other one was being used to prop up the corner of a tool bench where one of it's wheels had broken off.With a sigh, Steve removed the dirty coffee cups from his sketch book and carried them to the sink on the far side of the room, then he grabbed his sketchbook from atop the mound of papers. He wandered over to the couch sitting catty corner from Tony's work bench, originally placed there as something for Tony to fall into when he went on work binges and forgot to sleep. These days, though, the couch was usually occupied by Steve, Bucky, or both of them."You're not invited because they're doing secret spy things that they can't do if they're noti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/OFC (minor)
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Light Angst
Fluff
Threesome - M/M/M
Mentions of Rape
because Tiberius Stone is an ass
jumbled universe/timelines
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Friends to Lovers
Dirty Talk
Humor
Team as Family
Sexy Times
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/OFC (minor)
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

