Work Text:
In Asgard there was despair. The heir to the throne was an omega and had fallen into his first heat. At first this natural event was welcomed and the prince was paired with his betrothed, Lord Tyr to mate. However, after a night of mating the bond did not take and prince Loki languished in agony. So consumed was he by his mating instinct that he would not eat, nor bathe, unless the servants forced him to. Odin, enraged by Tyr’s failure as an alpha, ordered him beheaded. He put forth then a challenge to his people. The Alpha that can successfully bond with his son will rule at Loki’s side, but failure would mean death.                At first the nobles of Asgard were eager, for sharing Loki’s bed and Loki’s throne was a grand prize indeed. So certain were they in their virility and fecundity that they fought for the right to be next. But with each new suitor a new head was added to the walls of Asgard’s palace and by the end of the first month the eagerness of the ruling class did wain. The call for more suitors spread further out. More Alphas came and each night Loki was fed, bathed, and prepared for his new bedmate. The servants cried for their prince as they tended him. He’d gone mad with the fever.                On the hundredth day the hundredth head was added to the walls and Odin once more renewed his challenge. For the first time, none stepped forward.                “Are there none? Are there no Alphas left in my entire kingdom with the stamina, the strength, or the courage to take up the challenge?” Odin asked. For the first time, he feared that his son would die from the heat. He was at a loss as to what to do, and allowing his bedpartners to live would relegate Loki to the role of a whore. It was a fate Odin would not allow.                “Are there no warriors, no Alphas, no lovers left in all of Asgard with the virility required to sate a royal omega?” Odin asked. A moment passed and again none stepped forward, and despair filled the king’s heart.                “I will.” Said a strange man. A tall golden man with bright blue eyes ascended the stairs and knelt before his King.                “You understand the terms of the challenge yes?”                “I do, however, I wish to negotiate the terms of the challenge.”                “What is your name?”                “I am Thor, God of Thunder, and I am here to tend to your son. But I ask that instead of a single night, that I be given seven days alone with your son.”                “You think that after a hundred days of solid mating with a hundred different men that having a few extra days will make a difference?”                “I do my King, and seeing as how your pool of suitors has dwindled, you lose nothing by giving me what I ask.”                “It seems hardly fair to all those that have come before you.” Odin said.                “And hardly a loss to the few remaining that might come after me.”                “So be it. You’ll have seven days with my son. But if you fail you will suffer greatly before I finally kill you.”                “Very well. We have an accord.” Thor said. He was ushered quickly to Loki’s chambers. In the time between the last suitor being removed and Thor’s arrival the servants had been busy cleaning the room and cleaning Loki.                “Fuck me! Fuck me please!” Loki begged.                “Please my prince. You must eat.” The servant said. Another servant was holding Loki down so they could shove the spoonful of food into his mouth.                “Leave us.” Thor said.                “But sir, he has not yet had enough nourishment. He is too thin as it is.”                “Fear not dear lady, I shall see to all of his needs. Leave the tray, and bring another if you would please. Tell me what have you given him thus far?”                “A few mouthfuls of oatmeal my Lord. It is the only thing we can get down.”                “Then bring us a tray of whipped cream, fruit, steak cut up into bite sized pieces, cake, mashed potatoes, and lots of water and mead.”                “Thank you.” He said. The servants let go of Loki but he grabbed at them as they tried to leave. Thor snatched Loki’s wrists and pinned him back to the bed.                “Fuck me.” Loki said and leaned up to sniff Thor. His black hair was matted to his neck. Thor wasn’t sure if it was wet from bathwater or sweat. Loki licked his lips. Thor sniffed him in return, not that he couldn’t smell him the moment he entered the room. Loki smelled divine and already Thor’s blood was rushing to his ears. He wanted to bite him and mark him, but he took one look at Loki’s raw neck and knew, Loki wouldn’t feel any pleasure from it.                “They’ve all just been plowing you day after day haven’t they? And why not? You begged them to.”                “Yes. You smell nice. I bet you’ve got a big one. Want me to suck it?”  Loki asked, feral eyes vacant of all reason.                “How about I suck yours instead?” Thor asked
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Omegaverse
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Alpha Thor
Omega Loki
Mpreg
Shameless Smut

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

