Chapter 1: First Kiss
    


Summary:

After months getting to know him, Peter loses all impulse control





Chapter Text
Peter had no idea why he had done it, but he just couldn't hold himself back. Sitting on the roof in the lazy sunshine, with taco meat stuck to the corner of his mouth and his mask rolled to just above his nose, Deadpool had been simply irresistible. 
Peter knew he shouldn't find the older man so alluring, as he was pretty sure that before their lips had met, Deadpool had been describing to Peter with vivid detail and many extravagant hand gestures how he was able to dismember 3 different people simultaneously while hanging by his intestines off of the tusk of an elephant. However, the way the older man smiled, the child like excitement he had while he told his story, and those god damn pesky taco meat chunks that clung to his mouth which had caught Peters attention, the combination was just, too much.
There was nothing Peter could have done to hold himself back. Before he was aware he was moving, Peter had closed the gap between himself and the merc, surprising himself in their close proximity. Deadpool didn't even seem to notice until their lips had finally met, silencing the man and halting him in the middle of what must have been the reenactment of a decapitation.
 The two had slowly become closer in the past few months. Before, Peter had hated Deadpool's guts, abusing the man and forcing him to leave New York quickly in hopes to prevent the merc from reaching his target. And that is exactly what Peter had tried to do this time, until he heard the words coming from Deadpool's mouth.
"I want to train with you." He had said, and without even a hint of sarcasm."I'm sorry, the Spidey academy for mass murderers is currently not taking any more applications, perhaps next year?" Peter had responded. Yet he hesitated in punching the older man's face, as a seed of guilt wormed his way into peter's stomach. Perhaps the man really did want to change?
"Please Spidey, I know we never have seen completely eye to eye, and I still have a theory about that, however you have always struck me as one of the best, and one of the few who may give me a chance.”
Peter had been taken by surprise, the man seemed serious, more serious than ever before. Perhaps he really did want to change? But why? Dead pool was notorious for being a fan of 3 things, money, killing, and asses, be it kicking or fucking them (and he had made it very clear that the was a very big fan of Peter’s assets in particular).
“Why should I believe you? What could have possibly sparked this complete 180 in morality? You were never interested in heroism in the past.” Peter put his hand on his hip, body displaying his scepticism in Deadpool’s action. 
Dead pool started to mumble to himself quietly, but not too quietly for Peter’s super hearing to pick up the words. “Shh, I know. Well we should have been expecting this, shouldn't we? Jesus fuck that is a terrible suggestion. Well you're no help either. Im not stupid, the truth would be a terrible idea i can’t-“ 
Peter broke Deadpool’s monologue here, saying, “ The truth is fine thanks. Preferable actually.”
That didn't seem to help the inner argument, since Deadpool simply closed his eyes, pressed the heels of his palms to his eyes and groaned loudly. “FINE! (since none of you have better suggestions) I’ll tell you the truth. It is cause… of you. You’re… Ugh” Deadpool made a non-descript gesture with his hands in Peters general direction as an explanation.
Peter blushed a little at the compliment. The fact that Deadpool was considering not killing any longer because of him and the example he had put out was simply… surprising. If he really wanted to be like Peter and move forward in his life by doing good now, well, Peter couldn't say no to that. It was his responsibility as a hero to do what he can and when. So how could he say no?
"Fine Deadpool," Peter responded, Deadpool’s surprise was evident through his mask, but he tensed as Peter continued, ”I will accept you on three conditions, one. No killing. Two, you follow my every order, and three, you tell me your theory."Even with his eyes covered, Peter could see the physical relief that swept through the merc's body as Peter finished.
"I will try to lay off the un-aliving, besides, this is hero practice right (even though technically a bunch of the Earth’s Mightiest Heroes do seem not dislike the whole unaliving thing)? And taking orders, well I would take any order from someone who has as cute a butt as you. Finally, I don't think we see eye to eye because unlike regular humans, you actually have nine eyes!”
Peter rolled his (two) eyes without saying another word, and beckoned to the other man to follow. He eagerly did.
 
Ever since that day the two had gone out on nightly patrols, working together to solve the issue without causing unnecessary harm to the other people involved. Even though his progress was slow, Peter could tell that Dead
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Gay
why aren't they canon yet
Peter is really angsty
hurt!Peter
Self Harm
the boxes are really fun to write
Wade is typical Wade
angst all around
lots of boxes
where did spidey go?
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Wade can be such an idiot
but also not?
Self-Hatred
like a lot
Peter is smol
Oversized Clothing
Dates
Identity Reveal
Secret Identity
Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
kind of at least?
Protective!Peter
May is amazing
Panic Attacks
Torture
Recovery
Distrust

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

