Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Everyone knew that marks made on one soulmate’s skin would appear on the other’s. 
From the time they were little, people would write questions on their skin—what’s your name? where do you live? how old are you? When answers started to appear, they were shown off to everyone—friends, family, neighbors. When soulmates finally united with one another, many got interlocking tattoos—half on the first partner’s skin and half on the other’s. 
Steve Rogers didn’t have a soulmate. 

When he was younger, he had been convinced that it was only a matter of time before the writing would appear, that his soulmate was simply younger than him and hadn’t been born yet—and then, of course, there was the delay for them to learn to read and write. All just a matter of time.
But as the years went by and his questions went unanswered, he stopped writing words on his skin and started drawing instead, sending out constellations and deconstructed bouquets and architectural renderings of Brooklyn into the unanswering ether, ignoring the neighborhood kids who mocked him for being a blank.
Too skinny, too sickly, too small. Of course little Stevie Rogers was a blank.
 
By the time a serum-enhanced Steve Rogers went into the ice, he had drawn all of Brooklyn, a whole botanical garden’s worth of flowers, and mythical creatures of all kinds on his skin without a single response.

The history books all agreed: Steve Rogers didn’t have a soulmate.
 
***
 
Darcy’s mother was getting increasingly concerned that her daughter was going to be some kind of cradle robber.

No matter how many times little Darcy had used a marker to write hello on the back of her hand, there was no answer. 
 
By the time she was ten, just to change things up, Darcy started to add on a question mark: hello?
 
At twelve, she changed to anybody there?
 
Despite her mother’s assurances that her soulmate was probably just younger than her, by the time Darcy was a freshman in high school, she had given up on writing altogether. Her skin went unblemished for a whole year out of hormonal teenage spite.

But then, bored out of her mind with blankness and tired of the pitying stares of her classmates, Darcy vaulted to the other end of the spectrum. She took to carrying a pack of colored markers in her bag and wrote anything and everything at all that came to mind. She lacked any artistic talent of her own, but she allowed artsy friends to use her as a washable canvas. Darcy scribbled out appointment reminders and homework assignments on the back of her hand. She conjugated French verbs on her forearms. She scrawled jokes, quotes, doodles on her wrists.
There was never any response. 
***

When Darcy became Jane’s intern she developed a habit of holding out an arm for Jane when they were out in the field and Jane needed to make a note or work through an equation. Half of Jane’s research had probably made an appearance on Darcy’s skin at some point. In the heat of New Mexico’s summers, Darcy would put a mostly-bare leg on Jane’s lap to get lines of equations on her calves, diagrams for machines and instruments on her thighs, star formations plotted on her shoulder blades. Darcy wrote out reminders for herself and shopping lists on the back of her hand. The only time Darcy went blank was when she went to sleep.
 ***
When Thor crash-landed to Earth with Jane’s latest hypothesis on his forearm, Darcy’s last unmarked friend was unmarked no more. (And Darcy was super thrilled for Jane, obviously.)

(Right up until Thor went back to Asgard. Was it truly better to have found and lost than to have never had him at all?)

***
 
When Steve Rogers awoke from the ice at 7 am Eastern time on March 3rd, he was still bare.
 
It wasn’t until Steve made it to his hotel that night and shrugged out of the SHIELD-issued sweatshirt he’d been given that he saw the numbers and letters scrawled all over his arms.

In the hours since he woke up from the ice, Steve’s arms had been completely covered.

On the inside of his left wrist was what looked like a shopping list:


poptarts



coffee



mac n cheese



needle-nose pliers

 
There were equations on the outside of both forearms that Steve couldn’t begin to fathom, written at multiple angles and almost all upside-down. The equations were written in different handwriting from the shopping list. 
 
Steve sank down onto the bed and stared at his arms in amazement. 

As it turned out, the history books were wrong. Steve Rogers did have a soulmate.
 
Steve Rogers also didn’t have a single writing implement at hand. The crappy pen that the hotel provided was dead, and he couldn’t get a single line of ink out on paper, much less skin. It was too late to go shopping for markers and Steve didn’t actually have any legal tender anyways—he was supposed to go back to SHIELD the next morning to pick up a debit card linked to his bank account and a valid driver’s license.

Steve spent the next several hours tracing over the words on hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Artist Steve Rogers
Darcyland

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster

