Work Text:
THEN
            The child was so small. And…broken. Blank hazel eyes turned vaguely in his direction, pale skin faded to a sickly shade by harsh fluorescent lighting, dark hair grown unruly and chaotic. Tiny fists clenched. A hard set to a small jaw. 

            So much rage. 

            “Hello there, small person.” 

            “I’m thirteen.” 

            “Still small.” 

            “Does it matter?” 

            “Oh, not really, no, I’m just trying to get a reaction out of you.” 

            That blank, uncompromising stare again. 
            “A bloody reaction. You know, ‘rage, rage, against the dying of the light’, all that rubbish. I know you’ve got it in you; I can see it. It’s bloody obvious.” 
            The child blinked for the first time, turning empty eyes away to stare vacantly at something else. “Murdock men have got the devil in them,” he muttered, faint enough that a human might not have heard. But a human wasn’t listening. 

            “Oh, you have no idea.” 

…
NOW            “OUT, Lucifer.”            “But Chloe, things were just getting interesting – oof – Well now, shoving’s not very neighborly, is it?”            Detective Chloe Decker, wrapped in a hotel-issued towel and a foul mood, glowered at Lucifer Morningstar from the door to her hotel room, her hair dripping on the industrial carpeting. Lucifer beamed at her, undeterred.            “I just thought you might be in the mood for some morning – activities.”            “No, Lucifer. No. We are not – just no.”            “Now don’t look like that; maybe I just meant breakfast. I hear the spread downstairs is quite…well, edible. It’s edible. There have been no further compliments. You couldn’t have gotten a better hotel?”            Chloe sighed. Through her teeth. “Lucifer. The department picked the hotel. The department paid for the hotel. Just like they paid for the training seminars I will be attending all weekend. The same seminars you will not be attending or I swear to god I will shoot you again.”            “Oh, well bringing my father into this is just rude.”            “So go entertain yourself with whatever debauchery New York has to offer, I really don’t care, just get out of my room.”            Lucifer huffed, looking very put upon, “Fine, fine. I suppose I can scare up a good orgy if I get bored.”            “Excellent. You do that.” Chloe then proceeded to slam the door in his face.            “Rude again,” Lucifer muttered before pitching his voice to carry, “You know, you’re getting harder to shock these days, I’ll have to try harder.”            “You do that!” she yelled back absently.            “Dreadfully hard to shock these days,” Lucifer muttered, already meandering down the hall.            Now, who did he know in New York City……THEN
            “YOU BROUGHT IT BACK HERE?” the she-demon whisper-shouted at him. 
            “Yes, now do keep your voice down, the little creature’s hearing is exceptional.” 
            “You’re not keeping it here.” 

            “It’s a ‘him’. Humans are dreadfully sensitive about their pronouns and personhood. And, Maz, I think you’ll find that I’m in charge and what I say goes. The little creature stays.” 

…
NOW            The building was a dump. Actually, that was uncharitable to dumps. Lucifer internally apologized to any dumps he had maligned with his assessment of this…squatter’s nest masquerading as an office building. What was the little devil thinking?            The office was empty. Well, it was seven in the morning. Lucifer wandered through, trailing restless fingers over every spotlessly clean surface. So tidy. Everything in its place.            The right office was easy to find. Everything neutral, everything so neatly organized and bland. The braille labels on the filing cabinet cinched it. Grinning to himself, Lucifer artfully arranged himself in the (leather, smooth as butter, black as Lucifer’s soul and disgustingly expensive. Excellent, the little monster kept the birthday present) desk chair and settled in to wait.…THEN
            “You didn’t have to take me in. I was fine with the nuns.” 

            “You take that back right now. No progeny of mine is fine with nuns.” 

…
NOW            The kid came in chattering with someone about trial law. He was pretending he didn’t already know Lucifer was there just like he did when he was tiny and still thought lying to the Prince of Lies was possible. It was…Lucifer wasn’t sure what the word for it was. Nor did he know quite what to do with the bloom of warmth in his chest at the thought of it.            He waited until his quarry was in the doorway, timing the spread of his smile across his face to coordinate precisely with Matthew switching on the lights. The effect was, of course, lost on the kid, but Lucifer’s presence had never really thrown him in the first place. The yelp of dismay from the companion was gratifying in it’s own way.            “Hello, baby brother; it’s been a whi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Found Family
Families of Choice
Parent-Child Relationship
Friendship/Love
Lucifer is a Little Shit
Lucifer means well (mostly)
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Season/Series 02 Compliant

fandom: 
None
