Work Text:
Five Times Steve Thought Tony and Clint Were Dating: 
Because Tony was sleeping.
 It wasn’t that abnormal of an occurrence to be honest. Tony fell asleep in the oddest places, and Clint would pretty much cuddle with anyone who would sit still long enough for him to get in some full body contact. Tony was asleep in the communal living room on the main floor of Avengers Tower, and if he was awake, he’d tell you that he hadn’t a clue how he’d originally gotten there. Phil had passed through no less than ten minutes ago, paused to make sure Tony was still alive with his face pressed into the couch like it was, and layered a thick blanket from the closet over the sleeping engineer. Tony hadn’t moved a muscle, still curled up on the soft cushions. It’s not his fault really, he fell asleep everywhere, and he could seriously use some snooze time. Clint though? You can blame Clint, and just about everyone in the tower would agree with you on that. Clint was a blamable person. Tony had looked so small and helpless while drooling on the cushions, Clint kind of wanted to wrap him up like a burrito and keep him safe from his own self destructive tendencies. It’s like… every bad habit that he had about himself, he felt the need to fix in others. It was a very bad habit, and was probably why he actually ended up picking up strays more often than Tony himself did. Also, he knew fully well that Tony wasn’t helpless because he was tiny. Natasha was smaller than all of them, and he’s pretty sure if it came down to it, she could kill all of them without batting an eyelash. No no, Tony Stark was tiny, but he packed a lot of destruction per pound. If Natasha wouldn’t kill him for saying it, he’d insist that it’s because people closer to the ground were in alliance with the devil, but he still said it anyways, just only when she’s not looking. Clint might have been half asleep himself, which is why he didn’t hold back, climbing onto the couch behind the sleeping man and spooning tight up against his back. Tony was also very warm. Smol people needed Hell’s fire to keep their fury going. He yawned against Tony’s warm neck, nuzzling further into him before his eyes slipped shut, dead to the world now. *** Steve didn’t know what to think about this. Clint and Tony tended to be the most touchy feely ones of their team. They bantered constantly, and both had the habit of annoying everyone (including themselves) in the room all at the same time, and then seeming like adorable people who would cry if you scolded them in the next. Actually, there was that one time that Tony had gotten just a little tearful after Steve scolded him, and that had horrified Steve to no end. He ended up painting him a new canvas for his workshop, and cooking and bringing him meals for a week down there without nagging, until Tony could finally look at him without getting all upset, but they chose not to talk about that. Feelings were gross and should be ignored. Phil came into the room behind him, and for the first time that morning, Steve saw him willingly lower his tablet, zeroing in on Clint and Tony on the couch together with his usual ‘Stark and Barton are in the same room, this is cause for concern’ precision. This time though, instead of giving them both a warning look and leaving them to it, he smiled. Phil lowered the tablet to his side, and quietly crept over to the sleeping heros, fixing the blanket over them with one hand so it actually covered them, and moved to the other side of the room, sitting on a couch without any other word. Okay. So, apparently, this was their thing. Steve totally wasn’t going to judge. Yup. Not judging at all. He took a seat over next to Phil so they could silently review their work together again, trying not to think about how he might be slightly just a little bit, totally and completely jealous of the way that Clint had Tony tucked up against his neck right now. It wasn’t cute, he just thought that he could provide a bit more bulk to snuggle into than Clint could, is all. 
Because Clint is having a bad day, and Tony wants to make him feel better.
 “What are you doing?” Tony let out an undignified squeak, nearly braining himself on Dummy’s frame when Clint dropped down to the workshop floor in front of him, suddenly a hand on his stomach because Clint always felt the need to touch people. Tony, in respect for the hearing aids that Clint surely wasn’t wearing because of the way his voice was at least three notches louder than it should be on a scale of what’s appropriate for not startling engineers in their natural habitat, let Clint manhandle him out from under the whirring bot. Dummy took this as a good idea to run away like the coward that he was, because Dummy hated getting anything upgraded ever, but would never damage Tony by trying to roll away when Tony was sitting under him. Tony glared after the bot, shouting, “Coward!” behind his back, because Clint couldn’t hear well enough to complain at shouting i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
5 plus 1
Clint and Tony are best bros
Bruce is happy to finally get to help in a way that actually makes him feel normal
Bruce and Tony are science bros
Phil is amazing
Steve is jealous
Pining
Deaf Clint Barton
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged Tony Stark
Clint gets turned into a bird
Birb Clint

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

