Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The moment a hawk ceases to hunt, it is destined to die.It doesn't matter why.  Damage to the eyes, or the beak, the talons or the wings or tail, all of it would cripple a bird, leave it struggling and fighting even as it descends into starvation and death.  Until the elements and predators finish what hunger has begun.If a hawk cannot hunt, it is destined to die.  The only question is, how long it will suffer before it does.He thought about that, as he crashed through the window, as he bounced across the carpet, trailing broken glass and blood in his wake.  He had a moment to think about hawks and windows and failed hunts, and then the pain overwhelmed him, driving him into the darkness.It was Natasha's voice that brought him back.  It was fitting, somehow.  It was Natasha who'd pulled him back from the nightmare of Loki's control, it was Natasha who set his mind to rights, and it was Natasha who who'd told him he was dying.  It was Natasha who loosed him for one last flight, one last hunt, who saw to it that he had one last chance to clear his ledger before the end came for him.And now it was Natasha, yelling over the commline about the Tessaract and the portal and the Chitauri, that dragged him back to consciousness.  Agonized, he rolled over, trying to drag himself up, or forward, trying to move.  Ignoring the sharp bite of the glass in his palms, in his arms, the metallic smell of blood and fear, he scrambled for his weapon.His fingers closed on his quiver.The shafts were gone, used up, but the arrowheads were still held in reserve, double and triple the number of shafts that he carried, because he could reuse recovered arrows, because he never knew if he'd need to fire every one of them as a barb tip or an explosive or an EMP.  The shafts were gone, but...He fumbled it open, his fingers slick with blood, and he didn't notice the cuts, he didn't notice the pain, he only noticed that his fingers couldn't get a grip on the slick surface, couldn't get it open, and he wanted to scream, but he didn't have the air.  Somehow, he got it open, wrenched it out flat, fingers tracing the arrowheads when his eyes failed him, because if they came, when they came, he would not die easy.One last explosive arrowhead, clutched in bleeding fingers, would make sure of that.He laughed, and it was humorless, it was brutal and ugly.  Let him be the bait in one last trap, one last suicide by proxy.  He might die here, he might leave blood staining the wind and no other trace of having been alive, but if they came for him, they would not find him an easy kill.  He never had been, and now, glass in his skin and blood in his mouth and his brain a wasteland of agony, he had rage to propel him.  Rage to sustain him.  Rage to carry him.To keep the guilt and pain and grief at bay.There was a shriek of noise outside the shattered window, and he wasn't sure what it was.  Another attack?  A retreat?  He couldn't seem to focus, the words in his ear and the shattering sound of brick and metal and glass coming apart were rattling inside his head.  He couldn't focus, couldn't understand.  Head injury, he supposed, when a rare moment of lucidity allowed him to recognize his position, his back braced against a desk, some small bit of cover.He tried to pull himself together.  He tightened his fingers on the arrowhead, letting it bite into his skin, letting the pain clear his cloudy mind.  Bombs.  Death.  Natasha's voice, sharp and hard and edged as she waited for the order.  Rogers' voice as he gave it, resigned and strong despite it.And the Hulk's roar carried from the street without the help of the comms.From a distance, he listened to Stark talking, and that was good.  That was right.  Phil had always liked Stark, for all his whining, all his complaints, Phil had...  Liked Tony Stark.  Liked his bravado and his stubbornness and his brilliance.  He'd believed in Stark, had gone head to head with Natasha about the man.   Stark was talking, and Phil would be glad.  And Clint was glad, so glad, not to have one last death on his hands.“And shwarma after.”Natasha's response was a breathy sigh, partially relief, partially disdain, and that was nice.  That was normal.  “I've got Selvig, and a line of sight on our last problem.”“Selvig's with you, Stark, Banner and Thor are here with me,” Rogers said, sudden urgency in his voice.  “Where's Barton?”“He's not with-” Her words stopped, silence descending.  “The rooftop he was on is gone.  Hawkeye, I need a check in.”He stared at the arrowhead, rolled it over in his fingers.  The building wasn't stable.  Wasn't sound.  This little explosion might be enough to end it, to bring it down.  They'd never know what happened.  Even if the explosion was traced back to one of his arrowheads, there would be no way of knowing if it was triggered deliberately, or went off for some other reason.He flexed his fingers against the arrowhead until his skin went white.  “Hawkeye?”He closed his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers movie spoilers
Fix-It
Coulson Lives
Teambuilding
Angst
Slash
and Pre-slash
Because Steve and Tony are going to be screaming at each other a lot

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
pre Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

