Chapter 1: I'll Never Be Your Chosen One
    




Chapter Text
Steve woke, groaning with a pain that wasn't his. It was always there, a distant ache in his left arm that didn't truly belong to him. He ran his hand across his face, kicking his sweat-soaked sheets aside. The nightmares, again. He never could remember what they were about or even if they were his to begin with. He got up, pulling the sheets off his bed and shoving them into his washer. Outside, the sky was lit with pale lavender, readying itself for dawn. Steve stumbled into the kitchen, turning the coffee pot on before making his way to his bathroom. He showered quickly, washing the sweat from his body and chasing the residual pain away with a quick massage. The pain used to be worse, years ago. He'd actually gone in to see a physical therapist about what he could do to ease the pain, make it into something manageable. More than once, he'd wondered what exactly his bonded had or hadn't done to bring the pain back. It seemed to be happening a lot more recently.
 The nightmares were infrequent but they were definitely haunting. He wasn't sure if they were his own or his bonded's. He supposed that they both had equal things in their past to contribute to the fear that would wake Steve from a heavy sleep. He thought it might have been worth it, in another world, with another person. In that world, he would be eased by the nightmares because he would be able to tell that he was relieving his partner from them instead. And in that world, in that place, where he and his lover were so closely connected, it wouldn't be as painful. Because he never knew if he was providing any relief to his bound partner. There was no two way street of communication. It was all Steve receiving and receiving. He didn't know what he had been expecting when he forged the connection between him and James Barnes. But he thought, for one single stupid moment, that if no one ever loved him at all, at least he could save someone else's life. Back then, he'd still been five foot two and barely one hundred pounds sopping wet. He was nineteen and he'd never been on a date with anyone. He thought, that at the very least, he'd be doing some good for someone else. It wasn't like you could blame someone for saving your life. Turns out, you could. And James had made that abundantly clear. 
 Soul-bonding was done by choice and it could only be done if the people making the bond had good intentions. That's all that was required. Men or women who wanted to control or possess their partner by having a deeper understanding, who professed that they wanted that understanding to help them, but inside had more insidious purposes, found that they not form a lasting soul-bond. There were sex workers who loitered in hospitals, waivers signed, and would willingly sell their soul-bonds to save other people's lives. Provided, that the person being saved had the necessary paperwork signed. When Steve saved James, he had done so with the sole intent of saving James' life and with the hope of maybe having a friendship afterwards. He didn't believe it would be possible for James to love him, but there had been a small spark of that very hope hiding with the rest of it. And it wasn't illegal to soul-bond someone who was dying, or unconscious, provided that person did not verbally reject it. 
 Steve had heard of claims of soul-bonding being possible between multiple people but most experts refuted it and the claimants always disappeared. According to the claims he had read, the sharing of multiple soul-bonds had been between several people fully in love with each other. They'd talked at length about how they'd spent years dating, trying to forge the bond but to no avail until one day, it just happened between all the people involved. It sounded like something more akin to soulmates because it had been a little involuntary, they had not been able to choose each other despite how badly they tried. Their soul-bonds had just failed. Cases of failed soul-bonds occurred when someone was already married, already bonded or when one of the parties lacked good intentions. That was the only explanation anyone could give when soul-bonds didn't take with the intended person. In the last few years, Steve'd gotten particularly interested in researching and learning what he could about soul-bonds. He knew though, that his bond with James, regardless of how poorly things between them were, was still permanent. 
Steve dried off, pulling on clean sweat pants and one of the white fitted t-shirts Peggy loved to tease him about. He grabbed the newspaper and read through the political commentary, drinking his coffee. By the time he'd finished reading, his coffee was done and it was time for him to head to Glenmore Stadium. Steve only lived a couple blocks from it. Peggy was early of course, already stretching and getting ready for their morning run.
"Morning Steve," she greeted, bending over to stretch her calves.
"Morning," he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers & Clint Barton
minor Steve Rogers/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Soul Bond
Soul mate
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Mentions of a Suicide Attempt
reference to suicide
Alternate Universe -Soulbonding
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers Friendship
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
minor Steve Rogers/Clint Barton - Freeform
shared dog custody
reference to high school bullying
Bucky's family B's
Soulmates

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers & Clint Barton
minor Steve Rogers/Clint Barton

