Work Text:

6 months
The McCreary baby is crying again, wailing as if the world’s about to end, and Steve groans tiredly, pulling his pillow over his face. He wonders—trying not to judge ‘cause he knows raising eight children can’t be easy—how long it’ll be this time around until someone comes to calm it, or if the little boy’s going to be working himself into a right state all night. It wouldn’t be the first time.Maybe Steve should go wake Bucky, if the noise from next door hasn’t done that yet. Bucky’s always been good with children, what with having three sisters himself, and the McCreary kids know him already from the occasional afternoon of babysitting when both parents are out working. Steve and Bucky even have a key to their neighbours’ apartment, for emergencies just like this one, but something doesn’t feel right.Because the McCrearys haven’t lived downstairs for years now, they have all moved back upstate, which means—Steve’s eyes snap open, and he shoots upright, stumbling out of bed into an unfamiliar room, memories washing over him in a dizzying, nearly overwhelming wave; Bucky leaving for basic, Camp Lehigh, Peggy, Operation Rebirth, selling bonds, the Red Skull’s facility in Azzano, the Commandos, the ugliness of war, Bucky falling, crashing the plane, freezing water, darkness.And then nothing. Steve wobbles where he’s standing, knees suddenly weak, and has to grab on to the dresser to steady himself. Panting heavily, he takes in his surroundings; old, cleary expensive furniture, dark curtains on the windows and around the bed, Oriental carpets, freshly cut flowers in a crystal vase on the desk.Wherever he is, Steve surmises, it’s probably not with the enemy. Unless lulling him into a false sense of security is what they’re trying to do—in which case they’re really pulling out all the stops—but that seems unlikely.And then there’s the baby, still crying. Slowly, on unsteady legs, Steve makes his way over to the door, and out into the hall. It’s not difficult to follow the increasingly distressed sounds into the nursery, though that’s where Steve hesitates, suddenly unsure how to proceed.But, as if sensing his presence, the baby renews its efforts. Steve, grimacing at the impressive volume it manages to achieve with its tiny set of lungs, steps closer to the crib, fingers curling around the bars as he peeks inside.The baby blinks back up at Steve with big brown eyes, lashes clumped together with tears, small hands clenched into fists, stubby legs kicking aimlessly, and chubby cheeks red from exertion. It looks absolutely miserable, despite quieting down some, and Steve is lowering his hand into the crib to smooth back its hair before he’s even made the conscious decision to do so.“Hello,” Steve whispers quietly, carefully brushing some of the tears away from its cheeks.Giving a sniffle, the baby latches on to Steve’s hand, then whines unhappily, hiccuping wetly.“I don’t know how to, you know,” Steve explains helplessly, making something that vaguely resembles a cradling, rocking motion with his free arm. The baby is less than impressed with that, though, and takes a noisy, stuttering breath. Steve’s eyes widen in alarm. “Oh, no. No, ssh, no. Here, c’mon, it’s all right.”Very gingerly, Steve slides one hand under the baby’s back, cups its neck with the other, and slowly lifts the squirmy bundle out of the crib, and against his chest. “There, ssh. That’s better, isn’t it?”In answer, the baby tucks its damp face into Steve’s neck, apparently content to stay where it is. Steve glances around the room, a little lost, but the baby just gurgles, and doesn’t start crying again, which he decides to count as a success.Steve sighs, resting his cheek against the top of the baby’s head, nose pushed into its downy soft hair. Huh. So that famous ‘baby smell’ is a real thing, after all. Steve lets his eyes flutter shut, and for several moments, he just breathes, in and out, slow and steady.“Ah,” the baby exclaims eventually, bobbing impatiently in Steve’s arms.“I know, buddy,” Steve chuckles, and pulls back enough so he can see the baby’s face, its curious eyes following his movements. “Don’t suppose you can tell me what’s going on here?”“While Master Anthony can be very vocal if he wishes for something, I’m afraid he isn’t quite up to conversational small talk yet,” comes an amused voice from behind Steve, making him startle, and whirl around to face the man standing in the doorway.The baby, Anthony, lets out a string of protesting noises at the unsmooth turn, but settles again when Steve strokes a hand down his back.The man quirks a small, fond smile at Anthony, then continues, “It wasn’t my intention to startle you, Captain Rogers, my apologies.”“No, it’s—” Steve starts, but falters when he takes a first good look at the man, who isn’t as much of a stranger as Steve had initially thought him to be. Even if he does look different, older, and more weary. “Jarvis? Is that you?”“It is good to see you up and wel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
(almost everyone anyway)
Father-Son Relationship
Parent-Child Relationship
Parenthood
Fatherhood
Parent Steve Rogers
Kid Fic
Kid Tony Stark
Teen Tony Stark
Growing Up
Peggy Carter & Steve Rogers Friendship
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Family Fluff
Family Feels
POV Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Gets The Dad He Deserves
Coming Out
Light Angst
Pre-Slash
Crush at First Sight
Blushing
Fluffy Ending
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

