Work Text:
AN – AU Verse. Timelines have been stretched and altered.
"Should I call your son, sir?" Jarvis asked as his creator flew to his death, who said he doesn't make the sacrifice plays?
"Ye…yeah, call Harry," Tony swallowed, he was doing this for his son, for Pepper, for Rhody, but mostly for his son. The only one to believe in him; the only one to love him for him.
"Dad? DAD? Please!?"
Tony snapped awake from his thoughts as he heard his son's voice and looked at his son displaying on the screen, his precious son, Harry with his crazy green eyes and perpetual messy hair. Harry may not have been born as his but he had enough of Tony's similar characteristics that it was uncanny and Tony loved it.
"Hi son, looks like when we're apart trouble finds us," Tony joked thinking back to when he found that eleven year old waiting at the train station with an old trunk and owl. He had been drawn to the boy. He had felt a pulling towards him. It was like magic, like the stories his mother had told him about. Three days later Harry James Potter was his son. It was pathetic at what money can do sometimes, while Tony was thankful to have it, it sparks a rage in him when he thinks back on what his son's ex-relatives had done.
"Dad, just remember I love you and I'm proud to have you as my dad," Harry spoke quietly, voice near breaking and understanding. Tony guessed either his son had been following the news or Jarvis was keeping him informed.
Tony knew that Harry actually understood as Tony faced the same situation nearly five years ago but in reverse as Harry called him to tell him he was walking to his death in an hour to save the world. Miraculously his son survived and came back to him. He hoped he had the same luck, if not? Then at least he was able to know that he had a son that understood and would not hate him for it.
The line went dead and Tony braced for the explosion.
A roar blasted through his conscious and Tony popped his eyes opened wildly looking around and focusing on his team mates, "Nobody kissed me, right?"
Before anyone could answer a yell of "Dad" echoed in the air and a body fell onto Tony causing him to gasp. Captain America went pull the person, a young man away when Ironman's arms wrapped around the body and a breathed out, "Son" stopping all Avengers' thought processes.
As the Avengers looked at each other with befuddlement, father and son were having a moment.
"You're alive," Harry shook and buried his face in the only part Tony's neck was showing.
"I'm here," Tony breathed closing his eyes, he saved his son and the world and he was still breathing.
"Um Ironman, we need to apprehend Loki," Captain America spoke hesitantly, not wanting to disturb the moment Whatever he had believed about Tony Stark upon meeting him has been completely blown away.
"Right," Tony blurted out belatedly realizing that his son was here when he was supposed to be in Japan, "What are you doing here Harry? I thought you were studying abroad?"
"Really?" Harry asked disbelieving as he stood up and helped his dad up, "You just saved the world, almost dying in the process and you are questioning why I am here?"
"As your father yes," Tony answered popping his neck.
"Merlin, we do deserve each other, mom was right," Harry joked running his hand through his hair.
It was a moment before father and son froze and looked at each other.
"Did you call your Mom?" "Did you call Mom?" they simultaneously asked each other.
Both shook their heads, "No."
"We are so screwed dad," Harry breathed out tilting his head back with his hands covering his face.
Tony squared his shoulders, "We do what Stark men do, we grovel with expensive gifts and pamper her for at least a week."
Tony surveyed the wrecked area and added, "Maybe longer."
The Avengers looked on with shock faces as they stared at the scene before them. None of them knew that Stark had a son or that he stayed with that one woman to raise the child. Their preconceived notions were being shattered and they were left wondering just how good of an actor was Stark?
"Right, I'll call mom. You go deal with the bad guy. We'll meet for dinner while I give you the scale of how worried and pissed she is," Harry planned going pale at calling his mom.
Tony solemnly stared his son, "You are by far the better man."
"Yeah, yeah. I'll text you the restaurant," Harry took a deep breath and pulled out his Stark Phone.
Tony mocked salute and crept away as he heard a screech through Harry's phone.
"Is he going to be okay?" Hawkeye asked wearily watching as the young man, apparently Tony's kid, held the phone away from his ear. And if his gaze stray a little lower to that tight ass, no harm done.
"Quit eyeing my son Legolas and yes he will be fine, Pepper loves him," Tony waved the concern away as they made their way to Loki.
"Where's his mom?" Captain America asked concerned that maybe Tony was what he thought.
"Pepper is his mom. We both adopted him, when he was ele…ven. Damn," Tony finished and pro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dad!Tony
Mom!Pepper
Angry!Pepper
Groveling!Tony
Smart Harry Potter
Self-Sacrificing Tony Stark

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

