Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It had been nearly six months since Steve had sent that letter and phone. Six months since he had a semblance of normalcy in his life. And now here he was in his lab looking at the one thing he had left to destroy, but couldn’t. Everything in his lab had been broken because he finally figured out that everything that came into contact with him became dangerous or destroyed. Rhodey had told him it was time to rebuild, but Tony hadn’t been ready to. This destruction, this fragmented mess was a beautiful reminder of why Tony couldn’t be Tony anymore.Though he thought maybe he could go back to being Tony if he finally resolved his issues with Rogers and fellow company. He just could never actually pick it up and call.But for the first time since he got that phone, his fingers hovered shakily over the call button. He wanted to call Steve to tell him…
To go fuck himself and everyone else that sided with Rogers? 

To never come back?

How Steve could he do this to someone he called a friend?

Why he didn’t reach out to him to help?

Why didn’t he tell him?
He didn’t know exactly what he wanted, but it wasn’t this. He had spent most of his life trying to stay out of unhealthy relationships. His relationship with the Avengers was the epitome of an unhealthy relationship (at least according to Pepper) and he shouldn’t want to go back. He shouldn’t want Steve to tell him about how much he messed up. He shouldn’t want Clint to yell at him for breaking up him and his family. He shouldn’t want them to blame him.He shouldn’t want any of this.But yet he did. Because if they’re yelling at him or berating him at least they’re here. He had thought the Avengers would be the ones to stay. That after all of this mess they would make their way back to each other. But they hadn’t. He didn’t know why he expected the Avengers to be the ones who would actually stay.His father left the moment he took to the bottle. Drinking his way to oblivion was better than facing his son.As he constantly reminded me, Tony whispered angrily to himself.His mom left him as soon as Tony was old enough to walk on his own.She never asked me to come, Tony thought eyes blearing. I would have come. Every single time. She should’ve asked me to come with her and dad on that trip. Maybe then I would’ve died with them as I was probably supposed to. That night could’ve save-He abruptly stopped those thoughts from circulating in his mind. He already had enough going on in his mind.Even though Jarvis had died of natural causes, he still left. His absence was the worst, Tony noted.Pepper left because he could never be enough…or perhaps he was always too much for her. He couldn’t blame her. They’re still great friends even though they don’t see each other to often. It’s fine.Rhodey left to go back home. Tony told him that he should be with his family on his road to recovery. Tony wanted to imply that he was Rhodey’s family, but he didn’t want to be greedy. Rhodey still had people in his life who loved him. Those people could help heal his heart. Tony could only try to heal his legs.The Avengers left…There’s not even a single reason he could come up with besides everything being a reason. Tony should’ve just let Steve continue his little odyssey to find his fallen war friend. He should’ve accepted that and maybe things wouldn’t have turned out into such a giant mess.However, no matter how many times he tried telling himself if he had done all these things he would have probably still eventually wound up by himself. The simple fact that he was Tony Stark was enough to give people the reason to leave him.So he should be okay that people never stayed.So he looked at the phone and turned it over. Tony stared blithely at the blank walls in his lab and tried quenching down the burning in his throat. That usually had led him to hours of crying and screaming at the ceiling.He couldn’t throw a fit over people who didn’t stay. He should have taken all of the words that people often told him. He should have realized the moment his dad suggested his mom abort him that he would never had someone who wanted him. I mean after all if my own dad never wanted me, how could I expect anyone else to? Tony questioned to himself, fingers rubbing over his collarbone. 
“Tony! I swear, if I were to die right now I’d come back to life just to ensure you would never inherit Stark Industries,” he seethed angrily, hard calloused fingers wrapped tightly around my arm.

 "
Goodness, it’s not even that serious. All I did was dabble with a few things in my lab, might I remind you.”

That must have set him off because next thing Tony knew he felt a blinding pain sweep against his eyes. There was a dull ringing and a high pitched cry coming from the pot on the oven. Or was that Tony?

“Your dabbling could have cost me hours on building that new weapon, Tony. Sometimes I wonder if you were created just to piss me off. I told your mother we should have aborted yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/OMC

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hurt Tony Stark
Domestic Avengers
Angst with a Happy Ending
Because I am a sucker for Happy Endinging
Rape/Non-con Elements
domestic abuse
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
eventually
Protective Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Suicidal Thoughts
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Team as Family

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/OMC

