Work Text:
To be honest, at first, Steve had no idea what to expect when Bucky came back to the small, modern, two-bedroom condo they shared in Stark Tower with a guilty look in his shifty eyes and, when prodded and poked by a friend who new exactly how to prod and poke him, mumbled something about ‘having found a girlfriend’.A girlfriend, really. Bucky Barnes, of all people. While the old Bucky had been able to charm and smooth-talk his way into a dance and perhaps even fondue with whatever pretty young doll he set his sights on, ever since they had rescued him from the clutches of what could only be described as a living hell, his childhood friend was definitely a shadow of his former self. And while, every now and then, he saw glimpses of the old Buck’ coming through, he had a long way to go before he was entirely un-broken from everything that had spent seventy-plus years breaking him.So, he had to wonder, with an almost concerned sense of anxiety… what kind of woman this new Bucky would get close enough to that he would consider her a girlfriend???For a moment, that dark part of his mind pictured a sixty-foot demonic spy-assassin lady with hair like black ink and a machine gun for a leg, but that… might just be inspired by the horror movie they watched when the Hawkeyes came over a couple of nights before.“That… does not look comfortable.”Two-and-a-half large Dominos pizzas and four litres of rootbeer had mostly been devoured over the past four hours (super-soldier and student metabolisms would do that), and now Steve was curled up in the leather La-Z-Boy recliner with his legs tucked underneath him, while the two ‘love birds’ sat at each end of the non-matching couch, their socked feet tangled together on the middle cushion under a thin Dodgers blanket.Bucky wasn’t much of a cuddler; the close-contact and sensation of being pinned, suffocated, or trapped could trigger his PTSD, but like with most other things, Darcy was patient and understanding, and was always happy to give him space. In fact, ever since she had come into their lives (which was ironic, because Thor knew her, which had been quite literally the last thing he had been expecting), Bucky’s recovery actually seemed to be progressing a little bit faster than it had been before. Within a few weeks, he wouldn’t jump when someone sat down next to him, and within a month, the two had shared a kiss, and more… Steve had to admit, he was proud of his friend, and it was nice starting to see Bucky acting a little bit more like himself.It gave him… hope.“You’d be surprised,” said Steve, and Darcy snapped her head around to stare at him, mouth half-open.“Shut up, no way. Amazing Grace himself?” The brunette looked between him, and the television, and back to him again. “And really? Even with her leg up like that?”“You’re not that flexible?”She tossed a throw pillow at him, which he caught easily with his lightning reflexes. “None of your business, creep. Bucky, don’t tell him.”Bucky, who had jumped a little at the failed pillow offensive, smirked and watched the two of them banter. “Hey, I’m not getting involved,” he immediately declared, raising both his organic and cybernetic hands defensively in front of himself. “You made that bed, you can lie in it. Er, doll,” he added with a half-smirk, and she tossed the second pillow in his direction instead.“See if you get laid tonight.”“See if any of us get laid after watching this,” muttered Steve, wrinkling his nose ever so slightly as the fake-tanned blonde gave another over-exaggerated moan and rolled her head back, allowing her scrawny, pale companion to roll his hips more deeply into her with strokes that just looked… painful.“Still doesn’t look comfortable,” said Darcy, shaking her head. “Oh, oh, wait – here comes his friend now!”“So…” Bucky frowned, tapping a finger against his lip. “Do all twenty-first century women carry torches for construction workers? ‘Cuz… I’m starting to think I need to get myself a pair of those denim overalls.”“Please don’t,” said Darcy with a grimace. “I mean, I can handle you covered in dried blood, but not covered in the nineties.”“It’s okay, you can look now,” said Steve, reaching across the cluttered coffee table to refill his glass with rootbeer. “The overalls are gone.”“Promise?”“Yeah. I promise.”“Oh, crazy, that was hella quick! I guess he really wanted to get stuck in there.”“You know,” Bucky was saying, his brow furrowed again beneath his messy dark curtain of hair, “I’ve never understood the whole toe-sucking thing. I mean, I get it? But man… you walk on those things.”“Nerves and stuff, but yeah.” Darcy held her own glass out for Steve to refill before he could screw the cap back on the bottle. “There are nerves in way better tasting places than that.”Bucky grinned at her, his fingers still playing over his lips a little as they flicked up at the corners.How the three of them had even come to watching the terrible free porn station their cable seemed to pick up… we
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Double Penetration
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Porn Watching
Darcy Lewis-centric
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Dom Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Anal Sex
Condoms

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

