Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Life, during this past six months, had been even crazier than usual.“And through there you’ll see the Common Area... it’s not exactly busy now that most of the Avengers have opted to hang out at SHIELD’s new HQ... but, I guess that’s why you’re here, right? Right...”First there’d been the revelation that Nick Fury wasn’t as in control as he’d thought he was which, hey, no surprises there as far as Tony was concerned. What he hadn’t counted on, however, was the new house-guest he had trailing behind him like a blood-thirsty, dead-eyed assassin puppy, his form a strange and lethal combination of battle-ready stiff and languidly relaxed. It was quite disconcerting if you thought about it too much...Second? Ultron and all of the shit that followed... including the MIA status of one of the best friends he’d ever had; in fact, before Steve had secreted his way into Tony’s penthouse two weeks ago, he hadn’t realised just how lonely he’d become. Especially after living a lie, as she’d called it, had finally pushed Pepper that one step too far...However, he wasn’t particularly thrilled by this ensemble of people the Universe had sent to fill in the gaps of his otherwise human-less existence.“Oh and, ugh, you don’t need to worry about food or toiletries or anything” he found himself saying whilst touring his newest tenant around the vast kitchen that catered for the assembled team when they gathered on this communal floor. “Jarvis, as I explained earlier, can get you what you need within twenty-four hours or you get a side of your choice for free” he joked, his smile fading when the alpha did little more than nod silently, those dull eyes flicking to every possible entrance and exit whilst Steve and Sam sighed in unison.“So, umm, you guys need anything else or should I just leave you to, ugh, settle in?” he babbled, an uneasiness prickling down his spine when those eyes narrowed in on him, a flash of awareness momentarily surfacing before sinking back behind that eerily guarded, neutral expression. Tony fought hard to restrain a shudder and barely concealed a yelp when an exhausted Steve placed a heavy hand on his shoulder.“I think we’re good for now, thanks Tony” he stated warmly, a bone aching tiredness which spanned over seventy year eating away at him and an equally drained Sam; the younger man had already made a bee-line for the colossal couch, his body tucking into the cushions whilst his lips stumbled on a yawn.“Yeah, sure, s’what I do” the inventor returned amicably before clearing his throat and gesturing to the elevator. “Okay, so, I’ll be in the sub-basement lab if you need me, I’ve had house-keeping freshen up yours and Sam’s suites, had a room set-up for Buckaroo directly across from your bedroom and, when you’re ready, there’s like a thousand super-soldier friendly ready-meals good to go in the fridge” he added, his eager legs waltzing him to the muted chrome doors.Then, with a cheerful wave that was purely for show, the disguised omega hopped into the elevator and visibly sagged when Jarvis sealed it and began the steady descent through the Tower.“Are you quite alright, sir?” the AI intoned, his tone concerned as he ran a quick, biometric scan.“Hmm? Oh yeah, I’m fine, swell even” the brunette replied, his words laced with heavy sarcasm whilst he paced within the minimal space, his hands running through his hair as he huffed. “I’ve just invited two ninety year old super-soldiers with PTSD issues that make mine look like a tantrum over a spoiled ice-cream cone to come and live with me” he grumbled before gesturing to one of Jarvis’ sensors. “Oh, and never mind that the broodiest of the pair is a fucking alpha... Ugh, but let’s not forget the other beta who I barely know and yet, for some crazy reason, set up a fucking suite for... God! How is this my life, Jarvis? I mean, just what the fuck am I actually doing?” he asked, his tone taking on a petulance that he refused to acknowledge and that Jarvis was polite enough not to draw attention to. “I think that you’re being a little too hard on yourself, sir” the AI comforted, the doors of the elevator parting to reveal the sub-basement lab; at his presence all of the monitors flickered awake and the Bots whirred and clicked within their charging stations. “You are accommodating your allies and providing them with much needed shelter; that you consider Mr Wilson and the other members of the expanding Avengers team your comrades and have such resources in place for them is something that most people would find more than generous.”“Aww, you see, that’s why you’re Daddy’s favourite” the engineer cooed, his hands clapping together as Dum-e, U and Buttrfingerz made their approach: “what have you three stooges ever done for me, huh? What do you say to make Daddy feel sane, hmm?” he asked, his fingers giving each bots a good-natured pat to their web-cam housing as he strolled into the lab-proper.“Ah, but enough about that... 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Sharing a Bed
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Bucky
omega!Tony
Beta!Steve
Beta!Sam
heat - Freeform
Self-Lubrication
Biting
Bonding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
alternative universe
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Happy Ending
Fluff
Sex
Explicit Sex
WinterIron SpringFling Practise

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

