Chapter 1: New Mexico
    




Chapter Text
The first time it happens is in that improvised SHIELD camp in the dried-out, red midgardian desert after glimpsing that man. Loki sees him perched on one of the corridors that go around the tent construction. He seems still, lost in thought, but at a sudden movement from one of the agents three floors deeper, he jerks into motion, raises his arm, pulls himself up, and aims a medieval looking bow trained at the man. The agent apologises, calling up to him, and the man lowers his bow. He is as fast and agile as an Asgardian, Loki notices, moving with the grace of a wild beast. Later, when Loki comes to try lift Mjölnir, the man jumps gracefully from one plank to the other, balancing with ease, although he looks compact and somewhat stocky–not light or flexible at all. And yet he does not fall. For a moment the man looks down, seems to look at him with narrowed eyes and Loki, amused, stays still. He looks back at him. Then the man shakes his head, frowning, and turns away to climb up a ladder, even higher, with inhuman grace.It's that dry heat, the strange-smelling desert wind, the different air, he thinks. His magic must have failed him for a brief moment, allowed him for a split second to be visible to human eyes. (It happens sometimes, but most people think him a mirage or a hallucination. The humans on Midgard have killed off their gods a long time ago, with the noise of their greedy, silly hearts.)Or maybe he just imagined it, and the man was only staring into nothingness, exhausted.Loki feels it the moment he lets go of Mjölnir.  It's like the prick of a needle, tiny, not even an itch, but doubtlessly there. At first Loki can shake it off. He inhales. Exhales. Then he feels something warm spreading underneath his scalp, like his servants pouring the aromatic rose oil over his forehead when he is taking his bath. He stills.He feels the palm of a ghostly hand stroke his spine from neck to tailbone, and he nearly arches into it. It's pleasurable and warm and firm.For a moment he loses tracks of his thoughts, just stands there like a fool, staring blindly into empty space. Men in white coats and black suits hurry around him, busying themselves with computers and tracking software, trying to identify that piece of unknown metal in their midst.Heat creeps up his legs. He feels empty, bereft, and he realises that he has begun to shiver. The palms of his hands are slick with sweat, his usually pale wrists flushed and he is hard. The room around him begins to spin around its own axis, and his ears fill with static noise, the sound of his blood rushing through his veins.Before he can sink to his knees and tear his clothes from him to take himself in hand, he manages to stumble outside. It's better outside, and he can breathe again.He calls for Heimdall, who opens the Bifrost for him, albeit with thinly concealed hatred. (Heimdall must always have known what he is, no? Or could Odin disguise him that well, that even Heimdall's all-seeing eyes were deceived?)He conjures his steed and mounts it, without even speaking a word to Heimdall. The ride is torturous, the vibrations on the horse's back seeming to liquify his limbs. They start to jerk uncontrollably and he is grinding himself down on the horse’s back, drawing out that dry bit of friction. He has to fend off the intense desire to dismount the horse and let himself be fucked by it. His hands grip the reins tightly.As if the horse can feel his state, it bucks and neighs and yanks at the reins.Arriving at the palace, he doesn't do as he usually does: to bring the horse to the stable to take care of it but instead pushes the reins into a hapless stable boy's hands and hurries inside. The sounds around him melt into a maddening cacophony and he can't discern any words. Maybe the hum of his own blood is too loud.A servant approaches to help him out of his outer garments, hands raised to take off the heavy metal and embroidered leather, but Loki only hisses tonelessly at him, and forces himself to move towards his chambers.When he looks back, he sees the same servant staring hungrily at him, his mouth slightly open. Insolent creature. Loki will have him flogged the next morning.Every step is sweet torture. He feels his cock dripping, straining against the rough fabric of his trousers. His back is drenched in sweat, and he knows he must look crazed.Finally he is in his chambers, and he leans against the closing doors, sliding down to the floor. He breathes in, gulps air greedily like a drowning man, his head thrown back, then tears his clothes off, shoves his trousers down, toes off his boots and immediately spreads his legs, bucking his hips into the air. His hand on his cock feels so good, and after tugging once, maybe twice, he arches up as white blindness pulls him up into his orgasm.He is still hard. And … there is something else. It feels similar to when he works his magic to change his shape, only now he did not call i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Other(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
(Past) Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/others

freeform: 
Intersexed!Loki
omega!Loki
Alpha!Clint
Id Fic
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Dubious Ethics
Gangbang
Exhibitionism
Crossdressing
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics with Omegaverse-like Jotunn sexuality
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Gratuituous heat-sex
Angst
Bestiality
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Knotting
Rape
Menstruation
Minor Character Death
Miscarriage
Angst with a Happy Ending
Body Image
Anorexia
Weight Issues
Emotional Hurt
Slave Loki
Mpreg
Violence
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki/Other(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
(Past) Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/others

