Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Spider-man narrowly missed landing on the rooftop, but grabbed the gutter at the last second. It creaked under his weight, threatening to give. The vigilante's arms shook as he struggled to haul himself up. The bitter taste of blood filled his mouth, and his chest ached as he fought for air. Suddenly, the gutter broke free, sending Spider-man crashing into the busy street below.Civilians screamed in shock, some scattering while others crowded around the fallen hero. There was a thud next to Spider-man's head, and he opened his eyes to see Iron Man standing over him. The armored man pointed a repulsor at Spider-man's head."Surrender, Spider-man. You can't win.""Sorry, but I got stuff to do," In one swift motion, Spider-man kicked Iron Man's legs out from under him, did a back flip and landed in a crouch several feet away. His lungs burned from the sudden movement, and he wasn't sure how much longer he could keep fighting. He gingerly felt the burn on his ribs, where Iron Man had managed to blast him earlier in their fight. Blood seeped out of the bandage made of webbing.Iron Man was back on his feet, repulsors aimed at the arachnid hero, "This has been going on for hours. Everyone can see that you are exhausted. Give. Up.""Make me," Spider-man shot back."Wow. That the best come back you can come up with?" Iron Man sounded disappointed.Spider-man pushed himself to his feet and shot a fresh coating of webbing over the burn wound, "you want to end this? Then let's do this." He held his wrists up, ready to attack."You got guts, kid, too bad most of them are about to be outside of your body." Iron man commented before firing a shot at his opponent. Spider-man shot webbing at a lamp post and launched himself into the air, the ground where he had just been standing exploded."Watch it! You could hurt someone!" Spider-man yelled, swinging around behind Iron Man and webbing his feet to the sidewalk.Iron Man twisted around and blasted apart the lamp post the webbing was attached to, "whatever it takes to bring you down."Spider-man released the web and scurried across the side of a building. The wall behind him exploded, sending bricks raining down on the street. With a grunt, Iron Man broke free of the webbing, once again taking to the air. "Who's the real threat, here?" Spider-man questioned as he shot another web and swung off into the night. He knew he couldn't outrun his enemy, but he could take the fight away from the civilians.

SHING

Blinding pain split through his back, causing the vigilante to let go of his web and crash into the side of an apartment complex. Spider-man let himself fall onto a fore escape below. The object that had hit bounced down the stairs and landed next to him. Captain America's Shield. "Damn you, Steve." He closed his eyes, ignoring his spidey sense telling him to run."Nice shot, Cap.""Thanks. He's out cold, but probably not for long. Take him back to the tower."Spider-man was vaguely aware of being lifted up by Iron Man. The cold air that hit his broken body was oddly comforting. He saw no point in trying to escape now, so he closed his eyes and let himself fall unconscious.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Action
Suspense
Angst
Spideypool - Freeform
Pre-Age of Ultron
Mystery
fast paced

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

