Work Text:
"Remind me, again, why you're doing this?" Pepper said from the video screen. "I thought you were shipping the 'bots to New York.""So did I," Tony replied, from underneath his one remaining car left in Malibu. "Butterfingers and U should be arriving at the Tower tomorrow. JARVIS has it covered.""Good, because I'm your CEO, not your PA, and I don't take deliveries for you anymore," Pepper said."Do I owe you flowers or sparkly things?" Tony asked, pushing himself out from under the car. "I'm not picking a fight, I genuinely don't know if I do.""No," she said with a smile. "I'm just saying if you expected me to meet your robots and sign for them, I'm in Tokyo tomorrow.""Then why are you all fretty about me taking a road trip? You'll be in Japan. Japan is no place for a fret, Pep.""Call it force of habit, I prefer to know where you are at all times.""You adore me. You can't live without me. It's okay, I'll have my cell," he said. "Anyway, so U is small enough I could ship him regular old FedEx, and I can ship Butterfingers industrial freight. Dummy's too big for the commercial and too little for the industrial, but he's just right for the roadster.""You're driving Dummy from Malibu to Manhattan in a top-down roadster?" Pepper asked."He won't fit if I put the top up.""Are you not a little worried about thieves?""Have faith! Besides, what would thieves do with a disembodied mechanical arm with the IQ of a four year old?""What do you do with him?""I made him, I don't need to give him purpose," Tony said."Why don't you just fly him out in the jet?""Well, first, you have the jet this week, and second, I may have made a bet with the post office.""The entire post office?" Pepper sighed."In the form of one very cranky shipping manager who refused to accept Dummy with a box of stamps clutched in his claw. If I make it inside of a week he owes me a postage stamp with my face on it." Tony patted Dummy, who had rolled over to see what the fuss was about. "It'll be fine. It'll be fun!""Don't say I didn't warn you that it will not be fun," Pepper said, but she was smiling. "What time are you leaving?""Tomorrow morning. I'll be in Manhattan soon and I'll make you dinner.""You can buy me dinner, I've had your cooking.""Wounded. I'm wounded," Tony said to Dummy. "Mommy's words hurt, baby.""I'm hanging up now, Tony.""What, no videophone sex?""I love you, bye," she said, and the screen went black before he could either respond in kind or utterly fail at being in a grownup relationship."Come on, you mockery of existence, let's test out the ramp. I know you wanted shotgun but it was easier to take out the bench seat," Tony said, and Dummy obediently allowed himself to be coaxed into what used to be the back seat of a roadster.***At seven the next morning, Tony was drinking the last of the orange juice in his very empty kitchen, preparing to hit the road, when he heard the roar of a motorcycle. He turned and saw, through the video monitors he was about to shut down, a familiar bike come barreling down the private road."I'm gonna kill her," he announced, and went to open the front door. By the time he got there the bike had been parked, and he leaned against the door jamb, watching as the rider dismounted and pulled his helmet off. Captain America gave him a sunny smile as he hung the helmet on his handlebars."Ms. Potts said I could find you here," he said, coming up the walk. "She thought you'd probably still be asleep.""Well, you know us billionaires, all work," Tony said, arms crossed. "Where you been, Ice Cube? Touring America without the dancing girls this time?""Somethin' like that," Rogers answered, smile undimmed. "Ms. Potts said you were heading back to Manhattan and could use an honor guard.""I bet she did," Tony replied. "How'd she get ahold of you?""Oh, she has my phone number."Tony blinked. "Since when?""You know, things happen, people talk," Rogers said vaguely. "Anyway, I was in San Francisco -- phew, now there's a place," he added, shaking his head. "And I've been thinking about heading back east now anyway, so when Ms. Potts called, I said sure. Why not, y'know?""Sure," Tony repeated. "Why not. Well, keep up, old man, Dummy and I stop for no national icon.""Dummy?" Rogers asked."She didn't say why I was driving back?"***"Wow," Rogers said, when Tony rolled the roadster out of the garage. Dummy, who didn't get out much, swung around three hundred and sixty degrees, chirping excitedly, fingers flexing and clacking. He had a couple of red flags adorning various joints and pistons, and he fluffed them proudly when he caught Rogers watching. "What did you do to your car?""That's Dummy. Dummy, Cap, Cap, Dummy.""Is it a robot?""He's a failure on every level," Tony replied, putting his sunglasses on. He watched Rogers and Dummy inspect each other like two curious cats. "Built him when I was seventeen. He's such a loser even the post office won't take him, so I'm driving him out to New York.""You built this?" Rogers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Dummy & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Road Trips
Robots
Stargazing
Bromance
Steve Rogers eating machine
Dummy doesn't get out much

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Dummy & Tony Stark

