Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Foggy is locking up the office, it’s nine o’clock on a Saturday night, and he’s debating with Karen on whether they should head to the bar first or pick up a pizza beforehand. His phone rings, he sees that it’s Claire, and the bottom of his stomach drops like he just hit the brakes on a fast-moving car.
“Hello?” He answers, “Is he okay?” He doesn’t think he’s ever had a conversation with Claire that didn’t have to do with Matt’s… hobby.
“He…” Claire pauses, and Foggy hears a thumping, then a crash. She inhales, sharply, and Foggy’s already out the door of the building, booking it down the street. “He’s in rut.”
Foggy stops, cold. “ How  ?” Matt was an alpha, sure, but a modern one. He went to his yearly checkups, he took his suppressants, he wasn’t due for a rut for another  two years . Not even Karen’s last scheduled heat had seemed to phase him. Karen stops beside him, clearly catching her breath, a concerned look on her face.
“I wasn’t able to get much out of him, but from what he said, I’m pretty sure he was drugged somehow,” Claire says. Foggy looks up at the sky, the tops of the buildings overhead, and says,
“ Fuck .” Everyone knew there were drugs out there that could counteract suppressants for alphas and omegas, and hell, even increase the odds of conception for betas. But the majority of them were illegal, for a reason. Even when used in controlled, clinical environments, they tended to come with a truckload of side-effects, which could be fatal if untreated.
That never stopped the criminal underbelly of course. A couple times a year you’d see news stories where an alpha or an omega got dosed at a party or a bar, the results of which made any decent person sick. People thought it was fun to bullshit about how going off of suppressants gave alphas and omegas twice the stamina and made them twice as hot for you, but Foggy had seen too many pictures in newspapers and on TV of bruised and broken faces, eyes glassy and dull.
Whoever had dosed the Daredevil, they didn’t just want to scare him away. They wanted him hurt and totally humiliated. Foggy takes a deep breath and keeps walking, grateful when Karen keeps pace with him.
“Is it Matt?” She asks, a line drawn between her eyebrows, “Is he okay?”
“Yes,” Foggy says, “I don’t know. He’s in rut. We’re on our way over, Claire, do you need anything?” They’re walking faster again, practically running. Both Matt’s and Foggy’s apartments aren’t all that far from the office, not worth calling a cab or taking the subway over.
There’s a sound on the other end of the phone, like a door opening, then an inhuman sounding snarl. The front of Foggy’s brain freezes, but his body keeps moving. A shuffling sound, more growling, a distant,
‘...not  yours …’
And then sweet baby jesus it’s Matt sounding completely alive and pissed off, hallelujah. 
“Foggy,” Matt says. His voice sounds a little off, more like the Daredevil, but somehow even more raw and uncontrolled.
“It’s me, Matt, Karen and I are on our way buddy,” he says, skidding around a corner and nearly sliding into a trash can. Karen manages a little more gracefully behind him, no less determined.
“Come home  now ,” Matt says. Then, a little softer but no less growly, “You need to be at home.” Then there’s a thunk right in his ear and another shuffling sound, then more faint snarling from Matt, and even a little from Claire.
Foggy almost rolls his eyes. Stupid alpha instincts. He hears a different cadence of breathing, then it’s Claire speaking again.
“He’s locked me out of the apartment again. He shoved me out the front door about five minutes ago, and won’t let me treat any of his wounds,” Claire says, sounding worried. Foggy swallows.  Wounds . She continues, a little drier, “He called me ‘poaching alpha scum.’”
Foggy huffs, half a laugh. He’s starting to get a stitch in his side, but he can finally see Matt’s building down the street. Karen has her heels in one hand, and looks to be frantically googling on her phone with the other.
“I think the only reason he’s not out searching for you guys is that I’m sitting right outside his territory,” she says, and then there’s an ominous silence, Foggy had barely realized that background sound had been Matt’s growling. “Not that I need another shitty one-bedroom in Hell’s Kitchen!” She shouts, presumably through the door.
“Well you’re a very attractive and strong young alpha yourself, Claire, you can’t blame him for being cautious,” Foggy jokes, on autopilot as he’s digging through his pockets for his keys, still trying to half-run at the same time. More ominous silence, this time Claire included. Then,
“Jesus, Foggy, don’t say shit like that right now, you know he can hear you.” The sound is a little muffled - Foggy would bet that Claire’s facepalming right now, because that’s what Karen’s doing.
“Sorry,” Foggy says, wincing. It’s not that he’s ever forgotten what Matt can do, in the last few months since he found out, it just… it honestly has
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Unexpected Bonding
Daredevil kicks all the ass
Matt Murdock is really just a giant sheepdog
Foggy deserves a medal for patience
Spoiler tags in the author's notes
Matt Murdock and Karen Page are dorky sheepdogs and Foggy is their sheep
Biting
Marking
Claiming
Knotting
Mpreg

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

