Chapter 1





Chapter Text

"Shit."
 
Darcy gnawed on her bottom lip harshly as she stared down at the test that rested on her bathroom counter.  Perhaps it was a false positive? Yeah, it could definitely be a false positive.
 
If it weren't for the other three tests on the counter Darcy could hold onto that hope. But no. She was definitely pregnant. 
 
"Double shit."
 
Darcy tried not to panic, but that was impossible at the moment. She was 24, an assistant to the world's greatest astrophysicist, lived in the new Avengers facility, and just spent half an hour pissing on some plastic to confirm that there was a bun in the oven. 
 
She placed a hand on her still-flat stomach and quirked an eyebrow wryly.
 
"Well, this is definitely going to be an adventure, kiddo."
 
----
 
"FRIDAY, I'm gonna need you to enact some privacy protocols up in here."
 
Jane startled at her friend's voice, not expecting her in the lab since she had called in sick that morning. Looking at Darcy, Jane could definitely tell that something was really wrong.
 
"What's the matter, Darce?” The only time Jane ever heard of Darcy enacting privacy protocols were during particularly raunchy storytelling time, but Jane realized that living in this facility with all the ridiculously good looking people Darcy had reason to enact that a lot, if only to save herself from embarrassment. None all of storytelling time involving the other residents were real stories, they were just fantasies, after all.
 
"So, I'm totally freaking out and I don't really know what the next steps are except to freak out some more and maybe see Bruce? Yeah, that's probably good and maybe not tell Thor for a bit because I still haven't told you or anyone and oh my god Janie, I'm pregnant."
 
Jane had no response. 
 
"I'm really going to need you to say something, boss-lady."
 
"Are you keeping it?" Jane was hiding her excitement, needing to hear the answer before she got her hopes up. No one knew it or suspected it, but Jane really loved babies and kids. Yeah, they had a tendency to spew some sort of liquid everywhere and they would never be safe in her lab, but they were so stinking cute! 
 
"Yeah, Janie, I'm keeping the baby."
 
Jane just let it all out then.
 
"OH MY GOD! CONGRATS, DARCY! There's gonna be a baby and you're going to be a mom! This is so exciting!"
 
Darcy must not have been prepared for this reaction because Jane's assistant jumped a solid two feet in the air before settling and letting out a hysterical giggle. 
 
Soon enough, Darcy was getting mother hen-ed (ha!) by Jane, bottles of water and one of Tony’s weird protein shakes getting thrusted into her hands seemingly out of nowhere. 
 
"Okay, so clearly I am excited--"
 
"Just a bit, boss lady."
 
"--but what about you? you haven't said much, granted that was my fault, but what are you feeling about it?"
 
Jane watched as Darcy pursed her lips in thought for a few minutes, then as a genuine smile gently spread its way across her mouth. 
 
"I'm still freaking out, and I'll probably flip my shit later more, but I think I'm excited. Nervous, but the good kind?"
 
Beaming at her best friend's happiness, Jane braced herself for her next question since it was a sensitive topic. 
 
"Who's the father? And when are you going to tell him?"
 
Darcy's face paled, and Jane realized that Darcy hadn't even gotten that far into thinking ahead yet. 
 
"Oh fuck, oh FUCK!”
 
"Darcy, what's wrong?!" Jane's mind immediately began going to worse case scenarios and wondering if she needed Thor to enact some vengeance for his Lightning sister. 
 
"Janie, the father situation is...ah, it's a bit complicated…"
 
Darcy then went into detail (holy hell, a lot of detail) about a night a month and a half ago that she spent with Steve and Bucky. What had started out as a casual night with the three friends watching movies together that eased into harmless flirting before they all ‘suddenly’—Darcy’s words, not Jane’s—fell into bed together. Jane had a moment of silence for Darcy’s birth control, apparently the pills didn’t stand a chance against the two super-soldiers’ swimmers.
 
Jane's jaw had just about hit the floor as Darcy began her tale. Before she got around to freaking out with Darcy, Jane slowly raised her hand for a high five. 
 
"Before we have more panic attacks, I really need to say: Damn, minion. Well done."
 
Darcy barked out an incredulous bout of laughter but reciprocated Jane's high five anyways.
 
"Thanks, boss lady, I'm pretty proud of that myself, even if it complicates things."
 
"A lot."
 
"Yes, Jane. It complicates things a lot."
 
XxX
 
Darcy and Jane kept the news to themselves for a couple more weeks, wanting to wait until Darcy was a little further along so they could go to Bruce to confirm Darcy's pregnancy. They were pretty certain about it, with the super soldiers and the four pregnancy tests, but it never hurt to have a (sort of) professional opinion. While not an actual medical doctor, Bruce was th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Pregnancy
Babies
Polyamorous relationship
the avengers get a baby
Smut
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Graphic Description
Torture
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

