Chapter 1: nothing to lose
    




Chapter Text
-Barton’s arrows-
-better finger motion sensors for Bucky’s arm-
-Natasha and Steve’s Bodysuit-
-Natasha’s widow bite-
-War Machine repairs-
-Transmitting device for Hulk-

-Internal circuitry repair ( suit leg )-
-Outer impact repair ( Suit torso )-

“Sir.”
-Dummy and You’s updates-
-Butterfingers manual recalibration-
-JARVIS’ antivirus upgrades-
-Helicarrier engine efficiency 35% increase-
-New Stark OS for Tarklets-
-Board meeting , convince members for arc reactor investment-
-Calibrate arc reactor for city electricity use again-
-Charity gala for Orphanages-
-meeting with the World Security Council for Bruce-

“Sir , I must ask…”

 
-Comm upgrade for SHIELD agents-
-Code repair for malfunctioning SHIELD program-
-De-sensitive-ize Electronics around Thor-
-Bifrost repair meeting with Jane and Reed-
- go down to R & D for checking on the newest satellite data-
-fix bugs in the heart monitor prototype- 
“SIR! Its been exactly 67 hours since you have last slept and 73 without any solid food intake and you’ve had 16 cups of coffee in the last 10 hours and your body levels indicate extremely low levels of nutrition and you still haven’t gotten your ribs checked out , neither your ankle and- 
“JARVIS, honey breathe.” Tony looked up from where he was twisting a delicate piece of wire inside the leg of the suit , trying to untangle it.“I will eat something after I finish this-”The Avengers alarm started blaring.Tony was out of there before you could say –fucking fuckity doombots .“Or not.” JARVIS muttered sullenly .

“Iron man , where are you going?” Captain America’s voice stopped Tony just before he was taking off .
Tony sighed and breathed . His each and every muscle felt like tar was swimming through them , his eyes felt like lead and he just wanted to catch the half an hour of sleep , he would it get in the suit while JARVIS piloted it back to the tower. Not that he could give that as a excuse .

His health and sleeping habits were his own concerns and if he told the team he was exhausted –  which he was Tony Stark so just no  - they would probably throw him off it .
Because if a superhero can’t take care of his own damn self , how was he supposed to protect the rest of the masses ?
Not that the rest of them had jobs instead of this fight evil-jig  or  were a consultant to an agency , which if got angry again , would throw him off the pretty little boy band .
Not like he needed the team or  anything which well ...okay who was he lying to? , this was the least lonely he had been in years and well if  working to death  was just what it took . He thought with a sardonic grin.
“Why Captain , I thought I finished my number of  flamosters .”  
Half lobsters – half flamingos animals – creatures- created by a psychopath, what was his life even . He blinked .
“Yes , but we need to be present for the debriefing.”
“Hmm okay.” Just what he needed .
“See you there then.” Steve said , his voice carrying a bit of suspicion .
“Stark!”
 You are such a motivator 
 gotta get your way ,
 so sick of saying yes sir! yes sir! 
“Stop the music , J and open the face plate , in that order.” Natasha would kill him , if she knew that he barely listened to the de-briefing , playing Maroon 5 instead .
The face plate retracted back with a whoosh sound .
“Yes , Sir ?” He blinked innocently at Fury who gave him the darkest look he had received since Howard , after he corrected his calculation in front of the board members , not to forget that scar on his forearm where Howard later smashed a bottle on , what a shame , it was  a expensive one too .
“Where are the specs for the energy efficiency increase?” Fury had a nerve popping out of his throat .

Tony mused , how bad would it be if he gave the director of SHIELD a heart attack ? he decided to give it a try  .
“Can’t be done.”
All of them stared at him .
Well , he felt flattered , at least they didn’t doubt Tony’s genius .
“What?” Fury spat
“I mean it can’t be done in the budget you assigned for it , it will need at 2.57 million dollars more.”
“What?” Fury was imitating a child , with only one word in his vocabulary .
“Yeah , the engine blades need to be coated in an alloy of gold titanium , to protect them from air resistance , and gold-titanium costs.” He twirled his chair .
“Cost efficient and work nicely  , who picked them out , Coulson?”
Clint chuckled . “Probably.” He twirled his chair too . Natasha glared at him . He sat up with a grin and twinkle of fear in his eyes .
Bucky coughed something along the lines of ‘whipped’ but stopped as Natasha drummed her nails on the table , not even looking at him . He slid behind Steve , not subtly .
Bruce looked exhaustively from Thor’s shoulder , then closed his eyes again , as if dismissing them as not important .
Thor just merely grinned in his 'I'm the mighty Thor' way .
Steve looked at them all pointedly .
“So what do you want me to do , Stark?” Fury looked at Tony .
“The fuck , how do I ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Team - Relationship
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Overworked Tony
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Thor
Protective Bruce Banner
selfless tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony needs your love
He needs everyone's love
he's lovable
Pre-slash Steve/Tony - Freeform
Fury is kind of an asshole
Coulson is badass
Tony is reckless
Self-Hatred
Everyone should just listen to JARVIS
he knows best
after avengers 2012
Team Bonding
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Ohana
BAMF Pepper Potts
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
always ready to sacrifice himself -tony
fluff abound
Everyone is a dick unintentionally but they make up for it
tony love
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Characters are probably OOC read at your own risk
Bucky Is a Good Bro
but a hopeless one too
Clint/Coulson mentions
Natasha/Bruce mentions
THEY ALL LOVE TONY

fandom: 
Team - Relationship
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

