Chapter 1: Rooftops and Ruffians
    




Chapter Text
It was an accident when Wade found out. 
Peter was crouched on the roof of an office building in Queens, clad in his Spider-Man suit. He was looking out over the city in silence, trying to pick up on any trouble.  It seemed to be a slow night and he was just about to call it and go home when he heard the loud, gravely voice.
“Hey Spidey! Whatchu doin’ up here, gazing all dramatic-like?”
Deadpool. 
Deadpool had been showing up on Peter’s rooftops sporadically for the past few months.  Peter had tried to brush off the mercenary the first few times, claiming that he preferred working alone. But eventually, he grew to like the company. Sure, Deadpool was loud and reckless and his endless babbling was hard to follow on the best of days, but he was also funny and a really good partner in combat. So, there had been a few “Spideypool” teamups, as Deadpool liked to call them.
“Hey, Deadpool,” Peter said, interrupting the merc’s jabbering about chimichangas.
“How’s it hangin’, baby boy? HA! Get it? Hanging? Because you’re all spidery?”
“Yeah Deadpool, I get it,” Peter said, rolling his eyes under his mask, “So, to what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Ooh. Spidey, if it’s pleasure you’re wanting, why didn’t you say so?” Deadpool asked with a mock-sultry voice. Peter quirked an eyebrow and crossed his arms, waiting for a real answer. “Okay, okay. Since you don’t seem to be very busy, just sitting up here all pretty-boy-pouting-in-the-rain style, how would you like to help me take down some baddies?”
“First of all,” Peter started, “it’s not even raining and I wasn’t pouting. Secondly, I’ve been patrolling all night and I haven’t heard a peep. The city is low on crime tonight.”
“Be that as it may, baby boy,” Deadpool said, sauntering up to Peter, "I aint talking about your run of the mill thugs here. I have info on a super top secret cartel that’s been arming street gangs with illegal weaponry.” 
Peter blushed under his mask at the nickname Deadpool had taken to calling him. “If it’s so super top secret, how would you know about it? And aren’t you a mercenary? Why are you even concerned with these guys? Is someone paying you to take them out?”
“Intel, baby boy!” Deadpool exclaimed, gesticulating wildly, “I have my sources. And, with you by my side, we can take those doorknobs out easy-peasy, leaving all the lovely, sexy guns for yours truly.”
“Right, because you don’t have enough guns,” Peter laughed, “Fine. Let’s go get the 'baddies' so this night isn’t a total bust. Which way is it?”
“Haha. Bust,” Deadpool said to himself, probably talking to his infamous boxes, “like bust a nut. Haha. Tryna’ cutta up, tryna’ bust a nut. Tryna’ take somebody bitch, turn her to a slu-“
“Pool!” Peter, exclaimed sternly, interrupting Deadpool’s awful singing, “Focus! Now,” Peter said, mostly talking to himself, “since it’s already pretty late, we should try to get there quickly, which means we both go by web.”
Peter’s mumbled monologue was interrupted by a squeal that couldn’t exactly be considered manly. “Yay! Spidey-back ride! Oh, how I’ve dreamt of this moment!”
“Alright, hop on, then,” Peter chuckled, “just point the way and I’ll-” Peter froze, when one of Deadpool’s hands had come to wrap around Peter’s chest, “What are you doing?! Get off!” Peter exclaimed, grabbing Deadpool’s hands and dropping them, sending the taller man to the floor of the roof. 
“Um, unless I hallucinated this conversation, I thought you just said to hop on,” Wade said, sitting on the concrete, “Hey, are you okay, Spidey?” Peter had his back to Deadpool, his eyes squeezed closed under his mask as he tried to get his breathing back to a normal rate. “Talk to me, baby boy. What’s wrong?” Wade said, standing up, but lingering back to give Spider-Man some space.
“Nothing. I’m- I’m sorry,” Peter said, turning back to Deadpool but keeping his eyes downcast, “I just- I was injured in a fight recently, that’s all. I’m still a bit sore. Sorry I freaked out. Just, wrap your hands on my shoulders, yeah?”
“Sure thing, sweet cheeks!” Deadpool said, hiding his suspicion at Spider-Man’s overreaction. 
Peter felt Deadpool hesitantly climb on his back, carefully only letting his hands touch Peter’s shoulders before he started spewing directions in the dramatic way only Deadpool could. And with that, they were off, flying between the buildings of New York to the tune of Deadpool’s rendition of ‘I believe I can Fly.’
 
*~~*~~*~~*~~*~~*
Peter silently dropped to the ground behind the warehouse Deadpool had lead them to. “Remember, Pool, no killing.”
“Aww,” Deadpool whined, climbing off Peter’s back, “Way to suck all the fun out of it. Fine. If not unaliving baddies is what it takes for a Spideypool team-up, so be it. I would bust a thousand kneecaps for you, baby boy.”
“That’s great,” Peter said, rolling his eyes, “Now, did you have a plan for this or were you just going to go in halfcocked? You know what- No. Forget I said that. Let’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Smut
Eventual Smut
Trans Character
Trans Male Character
trans!peter
Spideypool - Freeform
Deaf Character
Deaf Clint Barton
Gender Identity
Gender Issues
Daddy Kink
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Protective Wade
American Sign Language
Blind Character
Panties
Lingerie
Dirty Talk
Sex Toys

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

