Work Text:
The first time a message appears on his body, Bucky’s in the ass end of Siberia, slowly freezing to death in one of the less popular gulags, wishing he’d told Fury to stuff his secret mission straight back up his ass. He’s only here because he speaks fluent Russian, with enough Moscow in his accent to pass as a native-born son. He’s only here because he owes the fellow SHIELD agent being held prisoner a favor, and he figures exfiltrating her will balance their ledgers.But he won’t be here, pretending to be a guard, for long, if the others catch him with the goddamn Statue of Liberty, perfectly replicated in miniature on his left wrist in blue ballpoint ink. He’s pretty sure at that point, Natasha will have plenty of company in her cell, because he’ll be chucked in on top of her. He pulls his sleeve down, secures the band of his gloves over it, and does his damnedest to keep his wrist from showing skin. It'll go away eventually. He just has to be careful until then. Except it doesn't go away. It stays stubbornly in his skin, no matter how hard he tries to scrub it off. Bucky resigns himself to keeping his arm covered. He won't be here forever. He can keep one arm covered.“You gotta be shitting me,” he mutters, two days later when the first precision lines of an incredibly complex mechanical diagram start appearing across his right forearm. It only takes a few minutes of staring in dawning horror to realize that whoever is drawing across the miles on his skin is drawing some kind of high tech sex toy, in graphic enough detail that he immediately yanks his sleeve down, cheeks red and heated. Like the Statue sketch on his other arm, it doesn't go away either, just stays bright and explicit in scarlet ink on his forearm. Bucky resorts to wrapping the whole arm in an elastic bandage, claiming to have sprained it when Gregor later asks him how he got injured. He’s supposed to be working his way closer to where they house high priority prisoners, which is increasingly more difficult to do as the writing continues to manifest on his body. If he’s being honest with himself, he likes watching the designs appear, because the people — and he’s sure it’s two, one artist and one architect or computer technician — are immensely talented, and even though he doesn’t really go in for all that soulmate-predestination-fatebound love crap touted by shitty romance novels and terrible romcoms, it’s kind of a privilege to watch it appear. But it is distracting as fuck. And it’s risking his cover, because the writing isn’t fading away. His body is becoming a map of flirtatious images and technical schematics and bored doodles. It’s all he can do to make sure no one else sees it. His luck is up when he wakes up one morning with writing crawling up his hairline. Delicate filigree scrolls across the curve of his cheek, tracing his eyebrow and framing his eye with hair-thin flowers. It’s gorgeous, the work, breathtaking in its skill, but his stomach plunges like a stone as he stares at it in the mirror. Without really being conscious of making the decision to write back, he snatches up a pen from his bedside table, angrily shoves the bandage on his arm up and scrawls in furious, big block letters across the sexbot designed in red: 

DO YOU FUCKERS NEVER SHOWER? WASH THIS SHIT OFF. YOU’RE BLOWING MY COVER.

Which, of course, is when Gregor walks into the drafty guardhouse, freezing in place at the sight of Bucky's shirtless, graffiti'd body. Bucky vaults over the bed, lunging at Gregor in blind panic, as Gregor turns to shout alarms out the door. Bucky takes him down with his usual brutal efficiency, but not before Gregor manages to rouse what seems like the entire camp staff to swarm Bucky's post.  He fights, of course he does, but there are too many, and he’s quickly overwhelmed by their sheer numbers. As they drag him away to shove him in the deepest, darkest hole the gulag has to soften him up for interrogation, his only thoughts are for his two unknown soulmates, and how very badly he wants to kill them. 
oOoOoOo
It’s a couple of days at least before he sees sunlight again, even though it seems like forever because time loses all meaning when he has no way to track it. All he knows is he sits interminably isolated in the dark, dank cell for an eternity. He can feel new ink appearing on his skin at random intervals, but has no way of seeing what they've drawn. The longer the intervals stretch, the phantom glide of a pen grows increasingly faster and sharper, like his soulmates are getting concerned or anxious. Even if Bucky was inclined to answer back, he lost his only pen in the fracas with Gregor, and has no way of responding. He tries to amuse himself by figuring out what his soulmates are saying, because it feels more like writing than it does sketching or diagramming, but gives up when he realizes that there's no way in hell anyone would write badass dorito good at rescue, unless they were drunk or insane. He resigns h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Inspired by Tumblr
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Writing on Skin
Unexpected Soulmates
Tony and Steve Are Accidental Douches
Bucky is not amused
Not Canon Compliant
Threesome - M/M/M
Pre-Threesome

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

