Work Text:
Steve Rogers was actually having a good day, all things considered.It hadn’t started out all that great, it was true. The Interview had finally been published and Steve -- who’d spent the past several weeks reassuring himself that it wasn't as bad as he remembered -- made the mistake of watching it when he woke up.Natasha found him with his head in his hands, resolutely trying not to die from the sheer embarrassment of it all. He was never doing another interview again.“First rule of showbiz, Rogers,” she said, pulling him to his feet. “Never watch your own interviews; it’s always worse than you remember. Shouldn’t you know this?”“I never had time to watch my own stuff during the war,” Steve told her truthfully as he was tugged out of his apartment and into the elevator. “I was busy fighting it. Where are we going?”“To get Clint,” she replied and then JARVIS obliged by taking them up to Clint’s floor. “And then out for a walk.”Sometimes, when Steve felt particularly sorry for himself, he thought that he was an amusement for them. That hapless national icon, their exotic little pet that had to be taken for walks periodically. Something to show off and occasionally laugh at when he proved himself to be ignorant of the modern age and its customs.He didn’t particularly enjoy those moments. The idea of somehow being so embittered by his circumstances that he began taking it out on his teammates -- even in the relative safety of his own mind -- well. It left him ashamed and with the distinct impression that he was an ungrateful bastard.When it came down to it, he was lucky. It was hard to remember sometimes, but Steve tried his damnedest to never forget it completely.So, he let them take him around the city and in the end, Natasha’s plan had worked -- though probably not in the way she’d intended. When they came back to the Tower, coffees still in hand, the interview was the farthest thing from Steve’s mind. Instead, his head was filled with gray-blue eyes and a stubbled chin, a roguish smile shaped by pouting lips.Natasha and Clint went to spar and Steve went in search of anything he could use as a sketchpad. It’d been so long since he’d had the urge to do anything more than doodle in the corner of his mission debriefs or on a napkin at a restaurant. His fingers twitched now, though, eager for a pencil that he could shape a proper picture with. Eager like they hadn’t been since he’d gone into the ice.He found a few loose papers at the same time that his phone trilled with a message. As he picked it up, it trilled again. It was from an unfamiliar number but the message told him everything he needed to know.
Nice little slight of hand there. Didn’t even notice you writing on it.

Name’s Bucky, by the way. Don’t think I said.
He sent back, Nice to meet you, Bucky. I’m Steve, and then instantly regretted this.It was too formal, too cordial, too -- something. Something that Steve didn’t want to be. Old-fashioned, maybe. Or silly. Of course Bucky already knew his name. He’d proven that when they met, swaying close and purring Captain Rogers in a voice that even now -- even just the memory of it -- made Steve’s belly clench.Steve had no idea how to flirt, how to show his interest or hope to garner someone else’s, but Bucky surely did. He’d proven that, too.Before Steve had time to panic too much over his response, his phone sounded again.
Nice to meet you, Steve. ;)
Something loosened inside him even though his chest felt tight, even though the sight of that smiley face made it hard to breathe. Exhilaration and uncertainty coursed through him, making his hands shake, and it was only when his cheeks began to hurt that he realized that he was smiling widely. He felt --Giddy.Somewhere between euphoric and scared out of his mind.He’d shown his interest to someone. To a man. He’d shown interest in a man and that man was responding.As this realization sunk in, his smile faded. The euphoria disappeared and now he was left with nothing but the fear, the panic.What had he been thinking?He couldn’t do this. He didn’t know how to do this. He’d never even been with a woman and growing up, it’d been okay to consider those options. Peggy, the closest he’d ever gotten, had only given him a single kiss right before he went into the ice. They’d never had time for anything else before that and they’d never gotten the chance for anything more afterward. She’d lived an entire lifetime while he slept.This couldn’t happen. He couldn’t be Captain America and be with a man. It would be hard to be with anyone as the Captain, but especially a civilian. Especially something that was still controversial enough to make headlines across the world.He had to --But he couldn’t even let himself think this next part. The had to warred with want to and it seemed that the latter was winning.Because, when it came down to it, Steve had liked Bucky. Bucky made him smile, made him feel warm, when so many things about the future left him cold and emp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fluff
Shy Steve Rogers
Awkward Flirting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

