Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Not even a week had passed since the defeat of Loki and his Chitauri army. Tony Stark had somehow overwhelmed everyone’s objections to moving into his Tower, which wasn’t so ugly now that Steve was used to it, so now Steve was living in a suite larger than every apartment he’d ever had put together. His head was still spinning from all of this when Fury summoned the team, and they all reported to SHIELD headquarters.Steve had no idea what he was expecting, but it wasn’t an audience with a queen. They were swiftly instructed by some agent they’d never seen before about how to bow and ushered into a conference room. Queen Frigga, beautiful and regal, was sitting at the head of the table, flanked by four large armored warriors holding swords approximately the size of Tony. Natasha was the only one who didn’t seem to feel awkward about bowing, but then, Steve didn’t think she was capable of feeling awkward. Or at least, not of showing it.“Queen Frigga rules Asgard now,” Fury told them after they’d all straightened up. “She’s here to open diplomatic relations.”“What about Odin?” That was Tony. Probably showing off that he wasn’t intimidated by alien royalty just on principle.“I killed him,” the queen replied serenely.The Avengers just stared.“I guess that’s not our jurisdiction,” Tony said after a minute.“If that’s how succession works on Asgard, it kind of explains a lot.” Unlike Tony, Clint was intimidated by royalty, at least royalty surrounded by huge guards, but he was also pretty ticked off, and why wouldn’t he be.“It isn’t.” Frigga’s voice was still serene. “But neither of my sons is currently fit for a throne, and no one else has any claim, nor sufficient sorcery to unseat me.”Steve had to speak up. “Thor seemed pretty fit to me.”She turned to him, her expression cold. “One year ago, he did to Jotunheim precisely what Loki did to your world. Only with far less excuse. Thor invaded Jotunheim and murdered hundreds of its citizens because one of them called him a ‘princess’.” She looked around at them all sharply. They took this in silently. They knew almost nothing of Thor. They should have known better than to trust him so easily, just because he had fought at their side once. “Loki invaded your world because he was being tortured by a being more evil than you can even conceive,” Frigga continued, her face grim. “He deliberately sabotaged his invasion so that you mortals could put a stop to it. If he had not, his captor would have come to Midgard and murdered half of the humans on this planet - before using the Tesseract to do the same to the other realms. Loki saved your world.”“By murdering a few dozen of us.”“In order to save a few billion of you,” Frigga countered.“I told you guys Loki was throwing the fight.” Tony smirked at them. It had been his pet theory ever since it was over. He’d shown them all the footage of Loki’s physical condition when he’d first arrived on Earth, the moment during the invasion when he’d suddenly jerked his head like someone invisible had punched him; he’d pointed out the stupidity of the way Loki had let the entire world know what he was up to right off the bat, the fact that he hadn’t killed all the Avengers instantly even though he could have easily, even his letting Erik Selvig put a back door into the Tesseract apparatus. Tony’s case was compelling, but mere days after they’d all been killing aliens in the streets of New York, it was too much to take in.Bruce spoke up. “Excuse me, um, ma’am. Would you mind telling us why you killed your husband?”Again her face was cold and resolute. “He was going to murder my younger son. I begged him to spare Loki for my sake and he refused. In the last two years he has nearly cost me both of my sons several times. The Norns know what he might have done had I allowed him to live. He might have caused the deaths of everyone in Asgard.”“Her Majesty has a request to make of us,” Fury announced. He glanced at her, but she merely waited, so he went on, “After Loki’s had time to heal, she wants to send him here to make reparations.”The Avengers considered this for a moment. It was Steve who decided to answer. “Ma’am, we do appreciate the offer of reparations, but if it’s all the same to you, we’d rather you sent Thor instead. We’ve worked with him well before and-”“Thor is making reparations on Jotunheim. Both of my sons harmed that realm, as did their father, but Thor was the one who started the war with them. And you humans persist in coddling him, which is the last thing he needs after the way his father spoiled him. If you accept Loki’s service, I will send Earth a supply of healing stones sufficient to treat those wounded by the invasion he was forced to lead, and Loki’s magic and his sword will be at your service.”Tony perked up. “Magic? Is it against the Prime Directive for him to tell us how Asgardian magic works?” Bruce’s eyes darted 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Steve Rogers
Deep Freeze - Relationship
Winterfrostshield
Frigga & Loki

freeform: 
OT3
Threesome - M/M/M
Slow Burn
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Non-Thor-2-compliant
Loki wasn't the bad guy in The Avengers
Non-Civil-War-compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Loki’s Resistance
BAMF Frigga
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Families of Choice
Team as Family
Avenger Loki
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Steve Rogers
Deep Freeze - Relationship
Winterfrostshield
Frigga & Loki

