Work Text:
Steve grumbled to himself as he ran a hand through his mussed hair. Contrary to popular belief, he was not a morning person until after his morning run, and he usually spent the first five to ten minutes of said run fighting off sleep. He was lucky he hadn’t barreled face first into a pole yet (he’d come close quite a few times though).Steve yanked on one of his tees and a pair of sneakers then trudged his way to the door.A low whistle of appreciation jolted Steve out of his sleep addled state. He whirled.Tony cupped a steaming mug of coffee in his hands and smirked at Steve. “America the Beautiful having a rough morning? I thought you didn’t get those.”The muscles in Steve’s back tensed as a skin-crawling tingle raced up his spine at Tony’s appearance. He was sure Tony hadn’t been there a moment ago.“Shouldn’t you be asleep?” Steve deflected.Tony scoffed. “Sleep is for mortals, and I am obviously of a different breed.”Steve shook his head. It was too early in the morning to deal with Tony and his ego. “Get some sleep, Tony.” He headed for the elevator.“I’ll save you some breakfast,” Tony hollered after Steve.Steve nodded and raised his hand to signal he’d heard.Later when Steve returned from his run, an entire table of food waited for him. Eggs, sausage, bacon, hashbrowns, pancakes, waffles, oatmeal, and fruit layered the tabletop.Steve’s mouth watered. In the back of his mind he knew that these weren’t just Tony’s leftovers, that the genius had made all of the food specifically for Steve and that he really should tell Tony not to over indulge him, but Steve was so famished from his run he easily shoved the voice down. He’d remind Tony that he didn’t need to over indulge his teammates when he thanked Tony later.The other Avengers slowly trickled into the room, all in various states of wakefulness. Each one of them partook of the spread, which never seemed to end.Steve didn’t give it a second thought as he packed away the leftovers. Tony had always been good about estimating how much everyone on the team ate.
“So this is the man who bested you?” Steve offered his hand to Scott Lang while he teased Sam.Sam squawked in indignation. “Who told you? SHIELD promised they wouldn’t tell you.”Scott stammered and fumbled as he introduced himself to Steve. He was so painfully and obviously starstruck that Steve internally cringed at Scott’s hero worship. As flattering as it was to have others look up to him, such strong reactions to him left Steve feeling like he was standing in his own shadow.“So this is the new recruit?” Tony asked.Steve, Sam, and Scott jumped.Where the heck had Tony come from?“When did you get here?” Sam asked.Tony shrugged and stepped closer to Scott. He hummed as he cocked his head and scrutinized Scott.Scott’s brow furrowed. “You look like you’re deciding if you want to kiss me.”Tony raised an eyebrow. “And if I wanted to?”“First,” Scott held up a finger, “I’m flattered that Tony Stark, aka Iron Man, would find me attractive enough to want to kiss. Second, sorry, but I’m just not that into you.”“Too bad,” Steve said. “Kissing Tony is part of the initiation process.”Scott went wide-eyed and spun on Tony. “In that case, pucker up.” He pursed his lips in exaggeration and leaned toward Tony.Tony chuckled and placed his hand on Scott’s lips, gently pushing the man away.There was a flash of light in Tony’s eyes, like an orange flame. “I’m keeping you.”Scott blinked, the corners of his mouth forming wrinkles as his lips downturned just a tad. “Are you intentionally making a Casper reference? And if so, why did you pick the creepiest line in that so-called innocent movie?”Tony grinned. “Yup, officially keeping him.” He wrapped an arm around Scott’s shoulders and guided him to the elevator. “Now, are you someone who likes to live on higher or lower floors? Also, which way do you want your windows to face?”“Wait a moment. Are you inviting me to live here?”“Why else would I be asking you such questions?”Scott sputtered and gaped.“He doesn’t waste much time adopting people, does he?” Sam commented to Steve.Steve nodded, watching as Tony continued to question Scott, while Scott just nodded or shook his head at Tony’s questions, too flabbergasted to form a complete sentence.
“Damn,” appreciation and awe laced Clint’s voice over the comms. “Okay, I do not mind being the damsel in distress as long as Tony is my knight in shining armor.” Clint coughed. “He is vicious.”Steve grunted as he took the brunt of one of the larger alien’s attacks. He knocked back the alien and hammered his shield into its head, knocking it unconscious.The cries of their enemies filtered in through the comms along with Clint’s wheezes for air.“You okay, birdbrain?” Tony said, his voice echoing through the comms as Clint’s mic picked up Tony’s voice along with Tony’s own mic.“Ribs are a little tender and I’m going to be coughing up dust for weeks, but I’ll survive.” Clint grunted then gasped. “Shit.”“I got you,” Tony said. “Cap,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Demon Tony
Canon-Typical Violence
Protective Tony Stark
Possessive Tony Stark
Possessive Behavior
Tony Hoards People

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

