Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis has never been a big fan of science.School came easy to her, and if it weren't for those three pesky words – chemistry, biology, physics (she always spat them out like curses, prompting sniggers from her grandmother) – she would have swept her way to an early graduation at 15.  As it was, she had to settle for 16.  But, she thought, no matter how old she was, she couldn’t get out of there fast enough.  Firmly putting the whole horrific experience behind her, she swore to herself that she would never again have anything to do with science.  Well, not science-science, anyway.  An avid debater, armed with the kind of strong opinions that come from growing up the village outcast in small-town Georgia, Political Science was her obvious choice for major.  She packed up her cherished iPod and her computer and stared for a long time at the contents of her closet before carefully selecting a few items to take with her.  Her clothes had become her armour over the years, projecting the image everyone expected to see anyway, keeping the girl underneath safe and hidden.  In a new town, with new people, maybe she wouldn’t need any armour.  Either way, she was ready to hope.  Ignoring her extensive nail polish collection, she dragged her suitcase out of her room, down the stairs and into her tiny, ancient Volvo, kissed her grandmother (who was not crying, it was just windy), and said goodbye to her hometown, knowing she wouldn’t be back in a hurry.  If ever.Culver was everything Darcy had hoped it would be: a melting pot of nationalities, classes, sexualities.  Sure, it had its jackasses, same as everywhere, but Darcy found friends, real ones, and boyfriends, though those never lasted long.  Three years passed in a happy whirlwind of bars (Darcy had a very impressive fake ID), dancing and pizza, consumed sitting on the floor in the corridors at 3am.  And studying.  Darcy did more of that than most people realised.Then fourth year rolled around, and Darcy discovered that the universe – or more specifically, science – was still looking to make her life miserable.  Without six measly science credits (hard science, Miss Lewis, not social science), Darcy couldn’t graduate.  She was about ready to give up entirely, drop out, live in a cardboard box and start stripping for money, when her friend interrupted her dramatic tirade to helpfully point out that an internship would get her the necessary credits without her having to do any actual science.  After, all, interns were just coffee mules anyway, right?Which is how, just barely turned 20, Darcy found herself standing in the desert in New Mexico with two genius astrophysicists who possessed neither a lick of common sense nor the ability to take care of themselves, and pulling her taser on the God of Thunder.  Fortunately, Thor found the whole encounter highly amusing and proudly proclaimed Darcy his “lightning sister”.But then S.H.I.E.L.D. barged into their lives and took Darcy’s iPod (oh, and all of Jane’s equipment, that too), and the sky dropped more Asgardians on them, which was cool, but also a metal monster, which was less cool, and Thor destroyed it but had to return to Asgard, leaving Darcy sad and Jane heartbroken.  Darcy, for her part, found herself able to breathe easily for the first time in days.  Still, she was coming to view Jane as the sister she never knew she needed, and she wished she could do something to erase that horrible, lost look in her eyes.So now she doesn’t complain as Jane, determined to re-open the Bifrost herself, drags them from state to state, testing out theories and seeking out experts in various fields – not that asking for help is easy, what with the stack of NDAs they’ve had to sign.  Finally they’re standing on a rooftop in Brooklyn, ready to open up a small wormhole from their rooftop to the next rooftop over.  Darcy steps forward to place the guinea pig in position, fully expecting this to be failed experiment #94, when the sky darkens, and she looks up, frowning.This proves to be a huge mistake when the sky goes from black to bright, brilliant purple, making spots dance in front of her eyes.  Suddenly she’s falling through thick blackness, so dark she thinks she’ll never see anything again – but then the purple light forces its way back through in a thin but dazzling beam that shoots straight towards Darcy.  She throws her hand out in front of her as though it will protect her, and the beam hits her palm like a laser.  The pain is burning, searing, and it doesn’t stop at her palm; it spreads through her whole body and she thinks she must be screaming – how could she not be, with this purple agony lancing through her body, relentlessly seeking out every one of her nerves and pressing a blowtorch to them?  So she opens her mouth and screams, but she can’t hear anything over the rushing sound in her ears and she feels a hard jerk at the base of her spine, and she’s falling and falling and falling and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcyland
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
1940s
Darcy Lewis-centric
Male-Female Friendship
Female Friendship
Male Friendship
World War II
Awesome Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

