Chapter 1



Notes:

Warning [please read]: If Non-con is really not your thing, please don't read this fic as it may be triggering. The non-con stops after chapter 8. There is also gore in this fic, and torture.
I also want to assure that, though it probably will seem it at times, this will not be rape = love or Stockholm syndrome. It'll seem hard to believe but trust me. The rape will not be forgiven.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
.The irony of this situation was that in all things, Tony was careless, and he could admit that when pried but in this he never was. And yet here he was. Born an Omega, he'd been raised to be careful and smart and to not let himself fall into any vulnerability, which had started off as seeming unnecessarily strict until he'd seen otherwise and had realised the reality of his life. Unfortunately, he'd not only been born an omega, he'd been born into one of the richest households in America and as the child of a billionaire inventor, which gave him a little more pressure than normal to be sensible.As his father's only child, he couldn't inherit without a mate but said mate would own everything Howard had created and anything he may create in the future himself, so they had to be specifically chosen.The prospect of owning a successful company without working for it however, was a prize that lured so many suitors to his 18th social party, and was definitely why each and every one of them had been verbally torn to pieces by his dad before being kicked out.He’d been a little too mortified at the time to pay attention to how his father had acted when it came to his Omega issues but after their death, he’d read his father's journal and had discovered that his grandfather had been an Omega himself. And any problems that he’d had being one had been relayed to his son.His dad had been taught from childhood, and onward, to treat Omegas with the respect that 'Breeders' deserved. And to always do so, especially if his own child was born one.Which was nice in a way, to know that the only time his father had ever really acted fatherly toward him, had been because of his own father’s drilling lectures.He’d listened to it all too. He'd listened to all the advice that Howard had given him, along with the hints that his mother had had throughout puberty, like hiding his scent whenever he thought he might be due a heat, or never letting an aggressive-looking Alpha know that he was an Omega.He'd started on birth control just a week after his 18th and by his 22nd, he'd created his own brand of scent-dullers and a synthetic hormonal drug that stopped a heat's drowsiness and cramps for at least 2 weeks.He always took them hours before his heat even started and he had never forgotten to take them once. That claim still stood true as well, because in his current situation he hadn’t forgotten them at all.He’d actually been in the middle of taking them when they’d been snatched from his hands and thrown down the gutter. He remembered, past the haze of it all, seeing the white glint of them disappearing into the dark whist he’d swayed at the strength of his attacker's blow. He also remembered being hauled onto someone’s shoulder and carried fireman style, down the street. Oh, and he’d been drunk.Drunk and taking tablets, what an idiot. But unfortunately that was his mistake and it was how he'd ended up like this, in one of these situations where he knew that he was going to get hurt.The intensity of the mugginess a heat usually brought on was made worse by the sheer smell of an excited Alpha, his body's way to getting ready for it even if his brain remained against the idea. He didn't believe it was just that however, and tried to remember exactly what he'd drank and whether he'd seen it made each time. He didn't think so and right as he realised that, he felt bile rush to his throat. To avoid vomiting where his face was, he pushed himself up on all-fours only to be pressed back down by a hand on his back.He blinked the hair out of his eyes and gasped when burning hot hands gripped his thighs, panic overwhelming him more than the pain of what he knew were fingers inside him."Shush - shut up."His skin was hot to the touch and he was shaking, dizzy and sickeningly disorientated, and he couldn't see anything properly at all let alone think about what was happening.His memory was jumbled as well, as he didn't remember leaving the event but he'd been outside when he'd tried to take his tablets, and as he now knew he'd been spiked he hoped someone had seen this guy lead him away. Someone must have and if they had, maybe they were looking.That thought was enough to make him start pushing back against those hands again, rolling his body over to land a punch."Get the fuck off me!"His throat was grabbed and he was pressed back down, struggling to breath but he still managed to reach up and scratch a deep mark over his attacker's face."Ow - you stupid - ""Get of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Angst
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Loki
Gore
Body Horror
Torture
Horror
Rape/Non-con Elements
Captivity
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

