Chapter 1: December 1944
    




Chapter Text
“We’ll have a very short window to get on the train. Our timing has to be perfect. Monty, is the line all set up for tomorrow?”Bucky’s about ready to tune out of Steve going over the plan for the thousandth time. Leaning back on the camp stool, he glances around the tent. It's pretty clear that Dum Dum's checked out, and Morita's sharpening his knife, not even pretending to pay attention. Gabe gives every appearance of assiduous listening, but he trades a wry smile with Bucky as Monty answers. He's pretty sure Dum Dum's nodded off when Bucky hears something from outside. Steve must hear it to, because he stops mid-sentence.“What is it?" Gabe asks, immediately coming to attention. Monty elbows Dum Dum in the side, who splutters awake.Bucky cocks his head to one side, concentrating. "Can any of you hear that?Steve nods, but the others shake their heads. “You’ve got good hearing, though,” Dum Dum offers.Cautiously, they exit the tent into the still night. The sound is clearer outside, and now even Monty can hear it. It is apparent that it’s someone swearing with some proficiency, and Bucky grins as he recognises the voice. "Sounds like someone's upset," he says, ignoring the odd looks the Commandos are giving him.Steve understands, though, and hands him the lantern, motioning him forward. "Seems like they might need cheering up."Following the voice, Bucky leads the Howling Commandos to a clearing, where a curvy brunette is huddled against a tree, clearly underdressed for the snow and yelling at the sky. “You are going to regret messing with the person who brings you coffee! One day you are going to fall asleep and I am going to shave that stupid facial hair off.”Not for the first time, he wonders if she's an angel. But would that mean she's yelling at God? He puts that particular thought away and steps forward, deliberately making noise to warn her of his presence.The woman stops cursing as they enter the clearing, blinking hard against the glare of the lantern Bucky carries. “Hello? Who is that? Where am I?”Monty has his gun ready, but Steve directs the barrel downwards. “It’s okay, we know her,” he says softly. Monty nods, but doesn't put his gun away entirely.Teeth starting to chatter, the woman asks again, “Seriously, who are you people? Stark, if this is one of your jokes, I’m not laughing.”Bucky suddenly has an inkling of who’s actually behind this. The realisation knocks him enough that Morita’s the first to reach her and offer her his coat. “You look cold. I’m Jim.”Bucky kicks himself for being too slow, but Morita's the only one of them who is anywhere near her size. She accepts with a smile, studies him with that little line between her brows as she puts the coat on. It comes down to her knees, but at least she stops shivering. “Thanks, I’m Darcy. Didn't really expect the snow. Jim … Morita?”He nods, mostly satisfied and a little confused, even as Bucky wonders how she knows.“Why don’t we get you inside before we do the rest of the introductions?” Morita suggests, and Darcy readily agrees.Steve leads the way back their camp, his night vision good enough to not need more light than the waning moon above them. Bucky considers talking to Darcy on the way, but she’s having enough trouble navigating the forest in the flickering light of the lantern. Besides, she’s latched onto Morita as she stumbles along.Back in the main tent, the Commandos assemble and Morita leads the introductions, aiming the lantern he's taken from Bucky as he goes. “That there’s Gabe, Monty, Dernier, this lump here is Dum Dum, and apparently you know Sarge and the Captain.”That little line on her forehead has been steadily growing deeper, but when Morita’s done, her face goes blank with shock. “I-, er-, I need some air!” Pushing past Gabe, she bolts back into the snow. Without hesitation, Bucky rushes after her. There's a murmur of voices behind him, but Steve can deal with those.It might be dark, but he has no trouble following her trail. She hasn’t gone far, thankfully, and he catches up easily. Darcy’s leaning against a rock and turns at his approach, squinting. “Who’s there?”“It’s Bucky. Doll, are you okay?”She shakes her head, muttering his name under her breath. ‘No, I…” she trails off, then exhales noisily. “This is going to sound really weird, but what year is it?”He nearly laughs at the familiar question. “It’s 1944, and we’re in the French Alps. You picked a hell of a time to show up; we’re attacking a train tomorrow, would you believe it? Like one of those old Westerns, but in the snow, not the desert.”She’s staring now, eyes adjusted to the weak moonlight filtering through the trees. “A… train? Bucky?”“Yeah?” he’s starting to feel uncertain, which turns to alarm as she burst into tears. Gathering her into his arms, he strokes her back as she sobs. “Shh, shh. What’s wrong?”Darcy pulls away slightly, wiping her eyes on the arm of Morita’s coat even as she keeps crying. “I’m sor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Time Travel
I Blame Tumblr
I Don't Even Know
Slow Build
seriously it's really slow
you may need to take notes
in-story chronology provided at key points
just go with it

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

