Work Text:
“Come on, Petey, pleeeaaase?” the mercenary whined, rolling around on the bed, “I’m bored! Come play video games with me.”“Wade, no,” Peter said, looking over at his boyfriend, from his desk, “I have to work on my thesis paper. It’s important.”“More important than your lonely boyfriend?” Deadpool whined.Peter sighed, “Not now, Wade. I’m serious. Why don’t you go watch Golden Girls or something?”The muscular man huffed, sitting up on the edge of the bed, crossing his arms. They sat together in silence until Wade said, “That’s fine, baby boy. I’ll just sit here all quiet. I won’t distract you.”“Okay, thanks Wade,” Peter said distractedly.For a while, the only sound in the room was the soft clicking of the keys on Peter’s laptop, until he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye and turned to look at his boyfriend. The well-toned man had removed all of his clothing and was laying back on the bed, slowly stroking his rock-hard erection. “Wade, what are you doing?! I’m trying to work, can’t that wait until later?”“S-sorry, baby boy. Nngh,” Wade panted, “I couldn’t help it. Watching your gorgeous, blowjob lips mouth words as you type…ugh! Seeing those glasses on that, ah!, cum-worthy face of yours. God, Peter, I want to see you on your knees, sucking me off wearing those glasses. Wanna fuck your face with them on you, watch tears fall behind the frames because you’re gagging on my thick cock.”By the time Wade was done talking, Peter’s cheeks had flushed with arousal and his breathing became heavier. His fingers had stopped moving over the keyboard and his eyes were unfocused from the computer screen. “Oh, fuck Peter. I’m going to make you wish you had joined me. You can be such a bitch sometimes. I’m going to make you my bitch,” the mercenary growled, causing Peter to gasp. “Oh, you like that? Wanna be my little bitch, do ya? You wanna be daddy’s pretty little cockslut, Peter?”The boy had to bite back a moan at Wade’s harsh words. He reached his hand down to firmly grasp his clothed erection.“That’s right, baby boy. Touch yourself while you still can. Pretend you don’t need me so I can show you how much of a whore you are for me. You know how much you love your tight little ass to be filled by my tongue. You know what it does to you when I’m thrusting it in and out of you, lapping at your greedy hole.” Peter bit his knuckle, trying to hold back the moan Wade’s words were drawing from him. His hand was in his pants now, gripping the base of his rock-hard dick to keep from coming at the mercenary’s words. “Oh, god,” Wade moaned, “I know you love how wet I can make your pussy, licking at you until you’re dripping. Come on, Petey, I know you want it.”“Ah! Wade!” Peter moaned, his eyes squeezed shut. At the boy’s outcry, the older man lunged off the bed, grabbing Peter from the chair, bridal style. He threw his boyfriend on the bed, facedown. “Oh, god, baby boy, I hope you’re fucking ready,” the merc growled before literally ripping Peter’s shorts and underwear off of him. He manhandled the smaller man onto his forearms and knees, head down, before spreading his cheeks and pushing the tip of his thumb into his boyfriend’s tight hole.“Ah!” Peter cried out at the dry, stinging intrusion, “Wade…please,” he moaned.“Uh-uh, doll face, you had your chance to come willingly. Now, your ass is mine,” the larger man said, slightly twisting his thumb. “But don’t worry. Daddy will kiss it and make it better.” Wade slipped his thumb out and promptly replaced it with his tongue. Peter let out a high pitched moan, causing Wade to double his efforts. Wade lapped roughly at Peter’s hole before thrusting the tip of his tongue in and out quickly, making Peter let out a series of moans that sounded almost feminine. When Wade thrust his whole tongue in, Peter screamed;“Ah, ah! Wade!” the lanky boy yelled in ecstasy, “Please! Please!”“Please what?” Wade said dominantly, “Please daddy fuck my sloppy hole?”“Y-yes,” Peter said, his face flushing in embarrassment as Wade thrusts a spit-slicked finger in up to the knuckle.“Say it, Peter. Scream it like the whore you are.”“Please, daddy! Please fuck my sloppy hole!” Peter yelled, tears streaking his face in humiliation, blinding pleasure, and the frustration of sexual denial.“Fuck yeah,” the scarred man groaned, “but unless you want me to shove my cock into your tight little hole dry, you better do something about it.” Wade let go of Peter’s hips so the boy could quickly turn around and wrap his lips around the built man’s dick. He sloppily sucked, bobbing his head up and down until Wade grabbed the back of Peter’s head and thrusted up, taking his pleasure from the boy. Peter moaned and gagged on his boyfriend’s thick cock, eyes watering and barely able to breath, loving every second of it.“Give me that ass of yours,” Wade commanded, pulling Peter up by the hair and ripping his shirt off before flipping him over on to hands and knees. “You, ready baby? You think you can take all o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Established Relationship
Spideypool - Freeform
dom!wade
Humiliation
Come Eating
Rimming
Bottom!Peter
top!wade
Light Dom/sub
Dirty Talk
Name-Calling
Daddy Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

