Chapter 1: And so it starts...
    




Chapter Text
Disclaimer: I do not own or claim to own any of the characters used or referenced to in this piece of non-profit fan-fiction. I am merely using them for my entertainment (and hopefully the entertainment of others). “You think to run from me when you knowest mine name to be Odinson?!”So, today hadn’t been one of his best...“You may think that beguiled suit of enchanted armour impervious to mine strength...”It’d started out as a fairly normal Tuesday; he’d finally balanced an equation that had Bruce close to ‘Hulking’ out, Bucky had joined the team for breakfast, hell, he’d even attempted to talk to someone besides Steve or Sam and Clint was visiting which always lightened the mood. Then the assembly alarm had rang and Friday fired up the various tech they’d need to haul-ass all the way to Gutulia National Park in fucking Norway...“... but I can assure thee, knight, that not even the Jotnar of Jotunhiem can withstand the might of Thor!”Which, of course, wasn’t a bad thing; he had it on good authority that Spring time in that part of the world was a beautiful thing to witness and, until the Enchantress had reared her bunny-boiler head, it had been a smooth, arc-reactor enhanced flight with some awesome views...“Have at thee!”However, getting sent through a worm-hole into the past, his armoured body smashing into a table loaded to the brim with food and fancy gold-trinkets, not so awesome... Especially since that table happened to be resting before a throne coated with animal pelts, ivory and an extremely pissed off Thunder God who looked as though he’d been plucked right out of Victoria’s Secret’s Viking Edition...“Thor! For fuck’s sake! Will you put down the axe and listen to me?”Tony had barely enough time to blink, let alone think straight as the man who was a younger, longer-haired version of his friend snarled, brushed the food-stuffs that’d dared to touch his neo-classic armour off, stood and grabbed the biggest, shiniest axe the inventor had ever seen. Then, not so much as making a demand or threat, the blonde alpha had roared, the tranquil Spring sky swirling instantaneously with a maelstrom the likes of which the omega had never seen before. If the sudden screaming and fleeing by the local Renaissance-fair yokels was anything to go by, their tunics, long skirts, braided hair and beards whipping in the yowling winds, they hadn’t either...“You darest to address me in such a familiar manner you wretch?!”And now, here he was, tearing through the dense forest, his lithe frame only dodging the multiple lightning strikes thanks to his operational systems being able to map the weather patterns churning the sky. Admittedly not having any satellites to hook up with wasn’t helping but he would gladly accept Steve’s ‘I told you so’ when he found a way back home; if he hadn’t spent all of those training sessions sparring with Thor in his suit then he’d probably be a Tony shaped hole in the tree-line by now...“Wretch or not, we need to talk, alright? Aren’t you even remotely interested as to why I dropped out of the sky and ruined your lunch?” he called through his external speakers as he narrowly avoided the massive axe which somehow boomeranged back towards him.“Ugh! And what the hell is with this flying health hazard anyway? You send Mjolnir to the cleaner’s or something?”This, apparently, hadn’t been the best thing to say as, with a roar which seemed to shake the sky, Thor launched himself at the suit and knocked them both into the forest; their bodies tumbled in a mass of limbs, metal and a crimson cape until, somehow prying himself free, the Asgardian leapt to his feet.Still fighting the dizziness that’d plagued him from the moment Amora had cast him through the vortex she’d, in all likeliness, created for herself to use (he may have, possibly, maybe gotten in her way to prevent whatever it was she’d been trying to accomplish), Tony struggled not to vomit as he wrenched himself to a halt. He didn’t even manage to stand before, to his mounting horror, he was slammed back into the ground on his back, his visuals displaying the snarling face of a muddied and enraged Thor: “this language that you speak sounds odd to me and, whilst I must commend which ever dwarf crafted your strange armour I will tell you plainly” he growled, a meaty hand clenching at the suit’s neck-joints. “You will answer every question I give thee and you will answer in honesty or my wrath shall fall upon you; doust you understand?”Huffing, Tony mumbled an annoyed “you bet-cha, blondie” before he was hoisted up by the scowling warrior who crossed his arms across his broad, woodland-smudged chest and glowered, the storm sub-siding slightly.“From where do you hail?”“Earth... err, I mean... Midgard... I...”“You lie!” the blonde roared, a bout of thunder crashing, his right hand raising to call the axe back to it with a snarl.“No! No, no, no... here, look, see?” Tony stammered, his face-plate sn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Avengers Team - Relationship
(Loki/Tony Stark)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Thor
Omega Tony Stark
Worship
Dark Thor
Thor Is Not Stupid
time-travel
heed the tags
Rape/Non-con Elements
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Attempted Kidnapping
Attempted Seduction
alternative universe
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bondage
Bondage and Discipline
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Miðgarðr | Midgard
Ásgarðr | Asgard (realm)
Triggers
Please read the chapter summaries for warnings
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Thor?
Possessive Thor
Possessive Behavior
more TBA - Freeform
Self-Lubrication
Alien Cultural Differences
Alternate Universe - Medieval
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Knotting
Begging
Chastity Device
Thor Does What He Wants
Pre-Thor (2011)
Mpreg
Rimming
bonus chapters

fandom: 
Thor/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Avengers Team - Relationship
(Loki/Tony Stark)

