Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Darcy Lewis had a secret.

Well ok, it wasn’t a secret from everybody, because of course her whole family knew and Jane knew. She was pretty sure that Thor suspected, at the very least, but they hadn’t really talked about it yet. SHIELD most definitely did not know, and would hopefully never find out, because Darcy was not an idiot.

Darcy Lewis was a witch. From a very long line of witches.

Not like in Harry Potter though, she didn’t have a wand or go to a fancy boarding school. She had learned sigils and potions and tinctures and spells from her mother and grandmother. 
 
College had been difficult, because she didn’t exactly have a spot for her own herb garden, and roommates could be nosey, and they had to share the fridge. So Darcy got very talented at hiding the accoutrements of her magic in dresser drawers and shoe boxes, and kept her handwritten grimoire and spell notebooks in a lock box in the bottom drawer of her desk.
 
The practices continued, albeit to a slightly less paranoid degree, when Darcy moved to New Mexico as Dr. Jane Foster’s intern. Darcy had her own room and her own fridge, but Jane was an unknown entity, so Darcy still had to be careful. The herb garden on the roof of the converted car dealership could be explained away easily, and Darcy was careful to brew potions and cast spells almost entirely while Jane slept. 

And so Jane remained totally clueless until the day that one of her machines caught the spike when Darcy cast an energy spell on her laptop to keep the battery from dying because her power cord was nowhere to be found.

Jane had been surprisingly cool about the whole witch thing, aside from telling Darcy not to cast when Jane needed to take particularly important readings of energy fields. Magic was acceptable, so long as it did not interfere with Science(!).

Erik had recognized the components of Darcy’s garden and her stash of tinctures in an instant—his own mother had been a witch. Erik had simply handed Darcy a recipe for “working tea” that his mother had perfected and asked if she could make it for long days in the lab.

For the first time in years, Darcy was around people who knew her deepest secret and didn’t think any less of her for it. She could relax in her own home for the first time since she had left for Culver at 18.
 
When SHIELD had swept in and started confiscating shit left and right, Darcy had slipped away “to go to the bathroom” and tossed any bit of magical paraphernalia into her lock box, placed the lock box in the middle of a laundry basket, and then buried it in dirty laundry. 

Worked like a charm (except not actually, because charms were…well, you get the idea).
 
London was even easier than New Mexico, because the climate was infinitely kinder to Darcy’s plants and Jane’s mother was totally into New Age homeopathic health stuff and assumed that Darcy was of a similar bent. Ian, by extension, assumed the same, and wrote Darcy off as a neurotic and slightly flaky administrative assistant, which was fine by Darcy. (Safer to be underestimated.)

But then there was all that nonsense with the Dark Elves, and SHIELD came back once more, and everyone was super worried about Jane’s safety as the ever-favored object of Thor’s heart. And then Tony Stark caught wind of the little astrophysicist who could build bridges to other dimensions and other really impressive Science! things and made her a job offer, free from SHIELD oversight, with housing in Stark Tower included. Jane, darling Jane, demanded that she get to keep Darcy as her lab assistant (a promotion!) as a condition of her acceptance. 
 
So now Darcy was the lab assistant to Tony Stark, Bruce Banner, and Jane Foster. Darcy had her own apartment in Stark Tower, with a degree of privacy that she had never before been privy to in her life. She spent the first few hours after unpacking chalking sigils up all over the place: for health and happiness, restful sleep and good dreams, for creativity, for security (JARVIS was great, but old habits die hard). She put bay leaves in the corners of each room, she burnt sage (only after making sure JARVIS wouldn’t trigger the smoke detector).

Within a week, Darcy had acquired a vintage armoire and added shelves to the inside to hold her potions, potions ingredients, tinctures, and grimoire. She started a garden up on the roof of the tower for all her herbs and flowers, delighted when Tony surprised her with a tiny greenhouse to protect them from smog and pollution. 

Life in Stark Tower was awesome.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Witch!Darcy
Eventual Friends to Lovers
References to PTSD
Darcyland
unmitigated and unapologetic fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

