Work Text:
The first thing Steve noticed were the feet. Sticking out of a bush some several hundred yards ahead of him was a pair of feet attached to some legs. Steve had a sickening moment where he worried he was going to come across a dead body before they jerked violently. He was too far away to hear anything, but he rather suspected if he could, he’d hear retching.Great. He sped up his pace a little. Just because he had no desire to help someone being violently ill on the side of the road didn’t mean he wouldn’t. He would definitely help. That was just good manners, after all. The sky was a pale grey-blue. It had to be half-past six by now, and Steve was out on his usual early morning jog. He always went out first thing, weather permitting. Usually, this was his favourite time to run, early April, and he could get in five or six miles easily. It was warm enough that his breath no longer came in cloudy gasps, burning his lungs as he ran. As Steve got closer, his earlier suspicions were confirmed, and he heard the sound of vomiting. Wasn’t that just the way he wanted to spend his morning? It served him right, he supposed. He had yesterday been bragging it had been months since someone threw up in his classroom. Luckily, this wasn’t in his class. When Steve looked around he cringed as he realised it was just outside of it. And on the daffodils his students had planted last year. Great. “Are you okay?” Steve called out, biting down his irritation. He came to a stop beside the feet. There was no response. “Hey,” he tried a second time. “Are you all right? Do you need me to call for help?” The feet didn’t move for another long moment, and Steve was about to step into the bushes to see for himself if this guy was still breathing, when he heard a long groan, and the feet started to move once more.“Are you okay?” he asked again. The feet moved out of the bushes and revealed themselves to be attached to a man. His dark hair was dishevelled, and his goatee was almost completely overgrown by his five o’clock shadow. He was wearing what was probably a suit at one time, but now was just black pants and an untucked dress shirt, which also happened to be misbuttoned.
He stood and staggered. “Shit,” he said. “Where the fuck am I?” “East 89th St,” Steve said. “Fuck,” he said again. “I’m in fucking Brooklyn? How did that happen?” He looked like he actually expected Steve to supply an answer. Steve opened his mouth. “Nevermind,” the man said. “I’ll just call Happy to come and pick me up. Shit what time is it?” “About six thirty.” Steve resisted the urge to reach out a hand and steady the man, as he swayed back and forth on the spot. “Six fucking thirty? No wonder I feel like shit, human beings aren’t meant to be awake this early, unless of course they haven’t been to to bed yet. You look far too rested for this ungodly hour. What did you say your name was?” He snapped his fingers in Steve’s direction, and Steve jerked back a little. “Well, I didn’t,” he said. “It’s Steve.” “Steve, right,” he nodded like that wasn’t completely new information, and patted his shirt and pants, looking for something. “Where’s my phone?” he asked. “Did you take my phone?” “No,” Steve said, torn between bemusement and irritation. “I met you thirty seconds ago.” The man regarded him coolly for five seconds before seeming to decide Steve was telling the truth. “No, it’s cool,” he said. “I probably lost it, or had it forcibly taken from me. People tend to take things from me. Are you sure you didn’t take it?” “I’m sure,” Steve said, starting to feel annoyed.“No, no, it’s cool,” he said. “I’ll just borrow yours.” Steve crossed his arms over his chest, genuinely annoyed now. “I don’t have one,” he said. The man gaped. “You don’t have a phone?” he asked. “How is that possible? Were you born in the 1920s?” Steve scowled. “I own a phone,” he said. “I just don’t have it with me.” “Why not?” “I was out for a run,” he said pointedly. “And that precludes having a phone with you? It seems a bit careless, really. What if you were to come across someone in an emergency and you didn’t have it with you?” “Someone who was stranded in Brooklyn, for example?” Steve asked dryly. “Precisely,” the man said sounding smug. “And don’t remind me I’m in Brooklyn, I’m doing my best to ignore that god awful fact.” Steve bristled at the insult. “Who are you?” he asked. “Tony,” he said simply. “I don’t carry a phone with me on my runs,” Steve said. Tony looked him up and down, seeming to take in Steve’s sweat soaked shirt, and sweatpants. “I can see that.” Steve felt his cheeks flood with heat, and opened his mouth to say something, anything. “It’s fine,” Tony said. “I’ll figure it out. Sorry to have trouble you. I’ll just... find a payphone. Do they even have payphones anymore?” he asked. He stepped out of the bushes and stumbled over the flowers, which Steve could see were being... fertilized by Tony’s vomit. “Watch out,” he snapped, irritated. “What?” Tony asked.“The flowers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Teachers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

