Chapter 1: Definiteness
    




Chapter Text
“God, just—look over there, will you?” Tony asks in a way that’s actually a demand, and plants his hand on Bruce’s hip. 
If you asked Bruce for the event he most looks forward to each year, the single point in time that he feels every other minute tipping toward, he’d answer that it’s this one: the Urban Ascent fundraiser.  When he’d joined an Urban Ascent committee years ago—before he knew Tony Stark as anything more than the pretty face representing his father’s company—the fundraiser’d consisted of a bland Italian buffet at the Ramada Inn with an open bar and a DJ whose specialties included proms and bar mitzvahs.  Now, it’s the biggest Urban Ascent event of the year, drawing people from all over the state.
There’s a string quartet trained into playing dozens of classical standards and a few oddball pieces here and there (at some point, he’ll ask Tony how the Jurassic Park theme song’d made this year’s playlist) and couples swaying to every tune.  Everyone’s dressed in their sparkliest finery, cluttering the hall with gowns, suits, jewelry, and cufflinks.  There’s art, exotic vacations, and one-of-a-kind collectables available through the silent auction, several of them now up to thousands of dollars.  
(“Found that in one of Dad’s old boxes,” Tony’d commented about a mangled clump of metal that could be either a junk sculpture or a prototype, depending on your level of inebriation.  “Dad’s Do-Dad, I call it.  Up to eight grand already.”
“And to think,” Bruce’d replied, biting on the edges of his smile, “I could’ve had it just by going through your garage.”
Tony’s eyebrows had risen slowly, as though cranked up centimeter-by-centimeter by whatever invisible force controls his expression.  “I’ll buy it for your office.”
And that’s when Bruce’d laughed.  “Because you don’t already buy enough random garbage for my office,” he’d replied, and they’d drifted onward.)
Of course, those aren’t the reasons Bruce loves the fundraiser.  Sure, it’s nice to see Darcy in her patterned dress and watch Dot dart between her various pseudo-uncles, demanding dances.  And it’s refreshing, somehow, to take people he’s known for ages—not just his coworkers, but other members of the Ascent board, professors at the university where he teaches nights, neighbors, acquaintances—and watch them shake hands for the first time.  But no, the reason he looks forward to this night every year, and the reason this night matters, is that it’s for the children.
Children like Jordan Silva-Riberio, a name that’s travelled across every lip in the room as a whisper tonight, but others, too.  Children in the program and its feeder programs, children who’ve graduated the program and are working the valet stand, children busily applying for next summer’s program even as they speak, and children who never got the chance for something like Urban Ascent.
Like Clint Barton.
Not that Bruce’d ever say that aloud, or even think it without prompting.  It’s just that Clint Barton is currently the center of Tony’s attention, and the person he’s waving his (empty) champagne flute at.
“Look at . . . Clint?” he double-checks.
“Yeah.  Well, no.  Not at Clint, necessarily, as much as that whole mess.”  Tony waves the glass with a little more menace.  Bruce, remembering last year’s champagne incident, plucks it from his fingers.  He gestures just as emphatically without it.  “Y’know, the unresolved-sexual-tension mess.”
Bruce frowns.  “You mean him and Phil?”
“I mean.”  And Tony starts to speak, just like he always does, words strung together with a velocity and cadence no other human being on earth can replicate, but then. . . stops.  He shifts, a little, his hand still planted on Bruce’s hip, and for a few seconds, they only look at one another.  Tony’s flushed pink, and his lips are parted as they draw in shuddering little breaths.  He looks drunk, Bruce thinks, or even high, but he’s not.  At least, not on any kind of controlled substance.  No, Tony’s high on life, on the meeting-and-greeting that secretly makes Bruce want to slip into a quiet corner and spend an hour studiously not shaking hands.
Most people, at events like this, need a bottle of wine and an hour on the dance floor to come alive.
Tony needs the standing ovation after the keynote, and people gushing about the program’s “triumphant comeback” after Killgrave.
But the longer they stare at each other, silent and close, the more the mania—disappears.  Bruce can almost track the way that the nervous energy drains from Tony’s face.  The façades Tony’s spent a lifetime building—the entrepreneur’s son, the genius student, the polished attorney—slip away like ill-fitting masks, and he becomes . . . Tony.
The guy who drags him to truly awful movies every other weekend, who steals half his lunch out of the break room fridge three days a week, who sticks post-it notes to his ceiling when he’s away at a conference.  Tony, the friend who trained Dot to call him “Un
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton (background)
Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes (background)
Thor Odinson/Jane Foster (background)
Natasha Romanov/Pepper Potts (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Legal Drama
motion practice universe
child welfare

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton (background)
Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes (background)
Thor Odinson/Jane Foster (background)
Natasha Romanov/Pepper Potts (background)

