Chapter 1: Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons/Skye
    




Chapter Text
Bobbi sometimes feels left out because she towers over her girlfriends, and since they were together first Jemma and Skye have lots of 'in jokes' she doesn't get.
Skye sometimes feels left out because she doesn't have 12 PHDs, and while she's not stupid she can't keep up with all the science talk.
Jemma sometimes feels left out because she isn't as tough as her girlfriends, and while she's getting better she doesn't have her own codename people mention in hushed whispers or some kind of genuinely terrifying ability.
Sometimes they all feel left out, but somehow they make it work.
*
Bobbi Moore smiled softly. Skye was always so cute when she was excited. Well, sometimes she was just downright sexy, Bobbi grinning as she remembered feeling Skye's excitement on her fingers and tasting it on her tongue. Oh yes, Bobbi had become an expert on the different types of excited Skye, and while this wasn't quite her favourite this ranked high up there, especially now they were about to see their other girlfriend.
Their latest mission had run long. As in a full day longer than expected, and that was way too long without seeing Jemma Simmons. Because don't get Bobbi wrong, Skye was great on her own, but when Jemma wasn't around it felt like part of her was missing. Skye admitted to feeling the same way, which was a relief because even as the weeks turned into months and now years. She still sometimes felt like the +1. The third wheel. The add on to the perfection which had been Skimmons.
That feeling was reinforced when Bobbi finally saw her other girlfriend again, a blissful moment turning into one of heartache as before she could take another step Skye dashed forward and Jemma quickly did the same. In like two seconds, three tops, the two smaller girls jumped into each other's arms and squealed with delight as they held each other so tightly Bobbi feared they might break. Or forget about her entirely, Bobbi feeling like she was intruding on an intimate moment between an OTP just by standing there.
As if sensing her uncomfortableness Skye looked back at her when she pulled away slightly from Jemma with a guilty expression on her face. There was a similar one on Jemma's face, but it quickly morphed into one of determination as the scientist pulled herself completely away from the hacker, boldly marched over to Bobbi and flung her arms around her. Smiling happily Bobbi eagerly returned the hug, dearly wishing she could kiss Jemma right now. However Bobbi didn't wish to force PDA on Jemma when she had repeatedly made clear she wasn't comfortable with it, and she didn't want to kiss Skye and also make Jemma uncomfortable, so Bobbi forced herself to be happy with this now. After all, they wouldn't be in public for much longer, and then Bobbi could have her wicked way with both her girlfriends.
Jemma almost considered making out with Bobbi, and then Skye, but that had been awkward enough when she just had one girlfriend. Now she just couldn't do it, even after seeing Bobbi and Skye for the first time in weeks. But what she did do was grab them both by the hand and dragged them towards their quarters, which was incredibly suggestive, but then again it wasn't like there was any mystery about what they were going to be doing now the 'triple' was reunited. And to be fair the rest of the team didn't exactly snigger like school children, as always the likes of Colson and Fitz looking the other way and May simply not caring.
Once they were safely in their quarters with the doors closed Jemma stood on her tiptoes and pulled Bobbi down into a passionate kiss. Of course Bobbi had let her do that, she couldn't match this woman strength, but Bobbi had previously confessed she loved it when a beautiful but shorter woman 'forced' her down into a kiss, Bobbi certainly proving that fact right now as she eagerly kissed back. That kiss lasted several long minutes, Jemma barely having time to breathe when it was broken as Skye quickly pulled her into another kiss, Bobbi and Skye taking turns with her for a while before engaging in a passionate lip lock of their own.
Things continued like that for awhile, which was normally the case whenever they were alone together like this. A few times when they woke up in the morning and Skye insisted on a quickie they would rush to this part, but for the most part they made sure they had plenty of time to just gently caress and kiss each other, doing their best to make sure that no one felt left out. Of course at this stage someone technically was, but even then watching was hardly a chore and they often got involved by kissing the necks and exposed flesh of the other girls.
Soon there was more exposed flesh on display as Bobbi and Skye started unceremoniously stripping Jemma, before making short work of their own clothes. In what felt like under a minute all three women were naked and gently staring lovingly at each other, their hands roaming o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Bobbi Morse/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Jemma Simmons
Melinda May/Bobbi Morse
Melinda May/Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Bobbi Morse/Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Anal
Dirty Talk
Double Penetration
Established Relationship
Oral Sex
Strap-Ons
Threesome - F/F/F
Butt Plugs
Spanking
BDSM
Rimming
Fisting
Face-Sitting
Triple Penetration
Foursome - F/F/F/F

fandom: 
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Bobbi Morse/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Jemma Simmons
Melinda May/Bobbi Morse
Melinda May/Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Bobbi Morse/Melinda May/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May/Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons/Skye | Daisy Johnson

