Work Text:
The feeling rushes through him and he doesn’t recognize it. His dick swells and throbs between his legs and before he even realizes, Bucky is arching against Steve’s rock solid thigh wedged between his legs. Once, twice, three times is all it takes until he is spilling in his shorts, wet and sticky, and his legs clamped around Steve’s thigh like a vice. The pleasure is almost like pain, but then not like it at all. It takes over his body and for a brief moment Bucky can’t remember anything, feel anything except bliss. It doesn’t last long. He opens his eyes to Steve’s wide and surprised ones, looking down on him. His hold on Bucky’s wrists has gone slack, and as quickly as the pleasure had overtaken him, dread takes its place. He scrambles out of Steve’s hold and off the mat, mumbling I’m sorrys as he goes. He doesn’t look back or stop, even when Steve shouts.“Bucky, wait!”Just hobbles to the changing rooms, semen running down his leg, still warm and wet. He locks the door and wedges a chair under the handle just in case. He strips, looking at the mess in his shorts with disgust, and turns the shower on, leaving the water running cold. As soon as the cold spray hits his skin Bucky crouches in the corner, his face into the tiles. He has been very bad.He ignores Steve shouting his name and the jangle of the door handle, scrape of the chair legs against the floor. He’s not under the spray long, maybe a minute when there is a crash. The chair hitting the opposite wall and the telltale sound of feet slapping against the tiled floor of the shower area.“Bucky, oh Buck. Jesus, the water’s freezing.”The temperature changes, the water hitting his back is now scalding hot, the way both him and Steve like. He doesn’t look at Steve when he sits on the floor of the shower cubicle next to him, still fully clothed. There is a warm hand on his shoulder, it touches him just lightly, ready to be shook off. Bucky doesn’t shake it off.“Hey buddy, you didn’t gotta run off like that.”Steve sometimes goes all old Brooklyn, especially when talking to Bucky. Steve’s touch becomes surer, rubbing the ball of his flesh shoulder. Bucky sighs, he wants to lean into the contact but he’s too afraid.“I’m sorry.”“Hey, hey, none of that. You didn’t do anything wrong, I was just surprised is all.”The hot water is easing the tension in Bucky, and Steve’s gentle words and warm hand on his back help too. Steve’s words are very soft when he speaks again, his hand moving slowly over the skin of Bucky’s shoulder.“I think that maybe it’s been a really long time since you touched someone and they touched you back. And what happened is completely normal.”Bucky doesn’t move but he lets the words run over him. Steve’s not angry. He hasn’t been bad. He looks up through the curtain of his wet hair and Steve’s face is open and sincere. “Come on, buddy, let’s just have a shower and then head up for movie night?”Steve gets up from the floor, his clothes are soaked through, plastered to his skin. He pulls Bucky to his feet and under the spray of the shower proper.“I’ll be right next door, okay?”Bucky nods mechanically. He really wants Steve to stay. To strip so that Bucky can touch him all over, but he understands that it would be asking too much so he doesn’t. Steve disappears from the shower cubicle and Bucky can hear the wet splat of his clothing hitting the floor and the shower starting in the next one over.He stands under the hot spray of water and tries to sort out what happened in his head. The pleasure and the release and the comfort of Steve’s closeness. The sparring had been nice. To use the arm, to use the skills he has, but also to have the trust that he would not hurt anyone. That no one would hurt him. Steve’s bright smile, his praise, the joy on his face to be able to play with someone of equal strength. The feeling of being held down, of being held, of being safe. Having touch on his body that is kind. The heat of Steve’s body, the graceful way he moves.Being safe.Bucky shakes his head and washes. The languid feeling stays with him even after he has dressed and is standing in the elevator with Steve as if nothing has happened.They go to the movie night as normal. Steve puts his arm around Bucky’s shoulder when they sit on the couch. The blanket is warm around his body and Steve’s arm is comforting over his shoulders, grounding.  The others don’t seem to notice anything amiss so he lets it stay there.Afterwards, Bucky avoids sparring for a few days, coming up with some creative excuses to avoid the gym, but eventually they run out and Steve’s cajoling gets the better of him. There is no one else at the gym which he is grateful for.Steve smiles, hopeful and happy and Bucky wonders if he remembers what happened last time. Sparring with Steve is surprisingly easy as if he slipping into a worn pair of shoes that he can’t remember ever having owned. Bucky knows that he can get away easily, knows that he can dodge and twist. He doesn’t. Stev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Memory Issues
Pining while fucking
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Angst with a Happy Ending
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

