Work Text:
It was a stupid mission.
A drug lord from the Southwestern States was set to meet a contact in Vancouver about shipping rights.  It should have been the D.E.A.’s job to track him across the border, but the contact was a crony from HYDRA, and S.H.I.E.L.D. had been notified.  Clint and Coulson were still figuring out how to work together effectively, ten months after Coulson had shot Clint and then recruited him into S.H.I.E.L.D., and Fury gave them the job.  It was a little different from their usual “Here, Barton, go shoot some people” kind of work, where Coulson sat in the van and was mostly a voice in Clint’s ear, but it showed that S.H.I.E.L.D. really meant it when they said they’d train him up to full agent status.
So Clint agreed and Coulson nodded, and they took off in a S.H.I.E.L.D. car to follow the suspect.
Everything was going fine.  Clint and Coulson really did work well together – S.H.I.E.L.D. had tried to farm him out to a few other handlers, but no one understood Clint like Coulson did.  When Clint had gotten himself shot on a op in Tokyo – after successfully completing the mission, Clint liked to point out – Coulson had taken his name out of the general pool and assumed sole control of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s newest acquisition.  
Clint had been more than okay with that.  He’d been nursing a simmering crush on his handler since the man had tracked him across three cities over four months, hit him with a precision shot, and then offered him a job with S.H.I.E.L.D.  It had nothing to do with Coulson’s warm hands and kind eyes and the way he said “Good job, Barton,” like he knew Clint had never heard the words before in his life.  
Nothing at all.
It was just that Coulson was kind of a secret badass, and that really got Clint’s motor running.
So he was assigned to Coulson full time and Coulson usually got the best kind of missions, but this one was more of a vacation, really.  A chance to practice his infiltration skills, which – if Clint was being honest with himself – were a little rusty.
They tailed the target to Vancouver, arguing in the car about rest stops and chocolate-versus-powered donuts (apparently Coulson had a thing for road-side snacks), and discovered where Brooks was meeting his contact.  
That was when everything went to hell.  
Clint stared at Coulson, who was standing in their hotel room.  The senior agent had dressed down for the infiltration job, ready for the the muggy Vancouver air in a white cotton button-up shirt with an open collar and loose but tailored gray pants.  
Clint was having a little trouble concentrating.
“Could you please repeat that, sir?”
“I said,” Coulson stressed, looking a little tight around the eyes, “that Brooks is meeting with his HYDRA contact on a cruise ship tonight, in four hours.”
Clint nodded, because that had been in the mission briefing.  “Yeah, okay, and – ”
“And the cruise ship is for married couples only, proof of license required.”
Clint blinked at him.  “Okay,” he said, more to buy himself time to think than because he agreed with the situation.  “S.H.I.E.L.D. can fax us over a paper with our aliases on it, can’t they?  Gay marriage is legal in Canada.”
Coulson’s lips quirked in a humorless smile.  “It is,” he said, “And they can.  Except the cruise ship is being run on the sly by Bilagasem’s drug cartel, so only people with ties to him or HYDRA are being let on board.”
Clint stared at his handler.  “Well, fuck,” he said eloquently.
“Exactly,” Coulson agreed without inflection.  “Our contact says they aren’t using reservations, but they are checking ID’s.”  He took a deep breath and seemed to steady himself, which was ridiculous because Coulson was the most steady person Clint knew.  “I have occasionally worked with HYDRA under my real name, when engaged in S.H.I.E.L.D. operations in the past.”  Coulson told him.
Clint blinked.  He stared at his handler.  “Oh, no.”  Clint said, cottoning on.  “Hell, no.”
“You have done work for Brooks’s people in the past.  Five years ago, when you were a merc, on the the Rolessi job,” Coulson reminded him.
“Fuck me,” Clint groaned, more because he hated the fact that Coulson knew about the Rolessi job than anything else.  That work had been rough.  “Do you know my entire fucking file off the top of your head?”
Coulson quirked an eyebrow, his face moving in what might have been a smile, if he weren’t looking so grim.  “Should I say no to make you feel better?” he asked.
“No,” Clint sighed, reaching up to rub a hand over his head.  “You always tell it to me straight, Coulson, and I respect that.”  He took a deep breath.  “Okay.  So we need to get married.”  It wasn’t a question.
Coulson nodded.  “We need to get married,” he agreed.
They got married.
It wasn’t a big ceremony – the fax came through from S.H.I.E.L.D. and fuck if Marissa from Legal wasn’t going to have fun with this – and they both signed it.  One piece of paper was the fake marriage license and the other was an internal S.H.I.E.L.D. docume
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Secret Marriage
pining!Clint
Fix-It
Jasper Sitwell is my hero

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

