Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Here’s to new beginnings.
The wind is cold as fuck as at the bus stop, but Bucky doesn’t mind much. It’s weirdly soothing to pretend the low temperature is the reason for his trembling body.Long breaths come easier out here, where the air smells like food and cold and exhaust rather than weed and dirty laundry, allowing him to clear his mind. He remembers that from the therapist all those years ago. Wipe it away. Empty it out.Nat pulls up, red hair whipping in the wind as she leans out of a fuckin’ beautiful white Challenger, 1970 if Bucky had to guess a year, and he whistles low under his breath.“You look like hell,” she says as he hugs her sideways from the passenger seat, but he can tell by the way she clings an extra second that she’s worried. He knows he does, dark circles around his eyes and a little too gaunt to be healthy, but he’s on the mend. “Back atcha.”She rolls her eyes. “Oh please. I look incredible.”Slouching against the seat, he breathes deeply and pulls his hoodie tighter around him in an attempt to keep the nerves and the tremors at bay. This is a good place to be, with Natasha, the only person in the whole world he trusts. He’s safe here. Finally. It’s such an unfamiliar feeling that he’s rendered momentarily speechless.“So,” Nat starts.“So.”“What the fuck is going on?”He sighs. “Needed something new.”“James, I hear from you sporadically at best for years. You’re all over the map, every job, every borough,” she pauses, gauging. “Every drug. And now you’re looking for, what?”Only Natasha could say that without sounding accusatory. She’s tried to get ahold of him dozens of times throughout the years, with good reason. They’ve lived through the worst of the worst together and there’s extreme mutual trust between them, but she has a valid point, so he stutters to explain what he can, what he needs to, before his throat closes up and he has to make a joke instead.“Three weeks sober. I couldn’t stay where I was, too many chances for relapse and I couldn’t afford anywhere else...”“Why the change?” she murmurs, fingers grazing easily over the wheel, but he shakes his head, grinding his teeth. He can’t. It’s still too - 
”Holy shit!”

The smaller man screams as Bucky shoves the accomplice down the alley, colliding with a dumpster. There’s terror in his voice but Bucky’s too far gone to care, furious that someone, anyone else would try to take advantage of him, and he grabs the guy by the shirt front and tosses him into the air.
Immediately her tiny hand is on his thigh, warm, squeezing. Permission to let the conversation lapse.He glances out the window and takes her up on it. “What am I walking into here?”“Well, I’m Rogers’s PA, and therefore your boss.”“Oh shit,” he teases tiredly, and she slaps his leg.“Grounds keeping and general maintenance. There’s a cleaning staff that you’ll have to work around but other than that, it’s all you.”“Isn’t this place in the city?”“It is.”“And it has ‘grounds’?”“Don’t air quote at me.”“Nat, I don’t have a fucking clue about maintenance or landscaping or any of that…” He waves a hand absently. “Shit.”She shrugs. “You have a genius IQ. Read a fucking wikipedia article.”“First of all who even knows if that’s true anymore,” he bursts out, wondering how many brain cells a decade of drug abuse destroys. “And secondly,” he starts, then deflates. It's not like he can go back. “Fine. Great. Ok.”“Yeah?”“Yeah.”They fall silent as she hits the highway and he appreciates it, the way they can just exist side by side, even after all this time.Their first few years in the group home together were rough, both of them skinny husks of children, ravaged by trauma and hiding their gifts so fiercely it took almost eight months of sleeping curled up next to each other in the same bed to realize they were both...different.Super strength was relatively easy to hide, Bucky just avoided contact sports, but Nat’s wings were much more difficult to manage. She had to keep them secret, tucked away, and they’d cramp terribly. The day after waking in the night to hear the stifled sounds of her sobbing into the thin mattress of their cot he’d broken the lock on the emergency exit door to the roof and it became their new base of operations. She’d flutter around, showing off with tricks and dives that scared the shit out of him as he watched, doing endless pull-ups hanging from the bars of a billboard attached at the top level of the building.Her hand still rests on his leg and he turns her wrist ever so slightly to see her tattoo, the twin of the one on his own forearm, the silhouette of a tiny bird, wings spread wide.It’s faded, but then again so is his, and he brushes a finger over it gently. “Remember when we got these?” One of the kids at the group home had fancied himself a tattoo artist and Bucky remembers swigging cheap whiskey and laughing as they each took a turn under the gun.Nat is all fire and iron to most people, but Bucky sees the wistfulness as she joke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Artist Steve Rogers
Light BDSM
Consent
Steve Rogers's Motorcycle
Motorcycles
past trauma
Past Drug Use
addiction/recovery
super powers
powers
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Angst with a Happy Ending
Slow Burn
Fluff
Porn
Smut
Steve is kind of a dick sometimes
because he is SO BAD AT FEELINGS
Genius Bucky
weird food
Nat is the best

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

