Chapter 1: Mini Golf
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
…No one ever mentions why being a superhero sucks.It’s not the tragic back stories or world altering crisis’s, it was time management.For example, Peter Parker, 24, sleep deprived since donning a web based costume when he was sixteen, had to seriously cut down on his…everything in order to swing around the city at odd hours.Don’t get him wrong, Peter LOVED being Spiderman.Just, sometimes, the having to take two extra years to finish his biochemistry degree, taking a job he was over qualified for at the Bugle for it’s flexible hours, and pinching pennies for rent and food could be trying.So, on this particular day, Peter celebrated his rare free evening, not by doing any of the work threatening to crush his rickety Ikea desk (super duper senior-itis had long set in), and instead decided to take a nostalgic skate across town to his usual patrol start, instead of swinging.The skateboard had been through a lot in its long life, having stuck with the hero since high school. It was held together by duck tape, hope, and magic. So it couldn’t really be blamed for giving up the ghost, at long long last, as its owner zoomed across the streets in the less than savory parts of New York.Now, usually Peter Parker, having the miraculous senses and reflexes of his spidery alter ego, would have been able to twist at the last minute to avoid crashing into the idiot, who thought it was a great idea to go walking in the middle of a skate park.Unfortunately on this night, to compliment the already fantastic day, his board decided it had suffered enough abuse at the hero’s hands, and the wobbly wheel Peter kept meaning to replace when he got home gave out, causing the hero’s trajectory to lurch forwards in a splayed fall.Peter had half a moment of clarity where he probably could have done…something, but his sleep jumbled mind could barely summon enough energy to shift into the needed ‘Spiderman Mode’ for such an effort to bare any fruit. Thus, the young man found himself with a face full of leather, before crashing to the ground.The body beneath him groaned. “Ouch.”“Oh my god, I am so sorry!” Peter cried, surreptitiously trying to check whether he accidentally brained the guy he just almost ran over with his skateboard, before scrambling to his feet.The fallen body resolved itself into a set of broad shoulders with precisely military cut hair and a raised eyebrow that could have given Jameson a run for his money.Peter internally began cursing, as the fluster creeping into his mannerisms shifted to a completely new flavor of embarrassment. “I’m so sorry.” He said again, offering the stranger and hand up. “Are you ok? Is there anything I could do?”The (hot) guy accepted Peter’s hand. His other eyebrow rose to join the first at the ease the seemingly string bean kid pulled him to his feet. A (cute) smile touched the corners of his lips, and he didn’t let the hand go once fully vertical.“Well.” Shit, even his voice sounded like chocolate (the kind with honey nuts). “I don’t know how I will ever recover from the injury of being lightly knocked to the pavement in the middle of a skate park. I think it’s terminal. I suppose the only thing I need is someone to comfort me in my final hours.”Fuuuuuuuuu- “My plans for the evening have been derailed,” Peter’s mouth said, and his treacherous hands releasing the (calloused strong) palm of the other to indicate the fractured pieces of the board on the ground. “Really?” The guy’s eyes lit with hazel gold mirth. “What a coincidence. We can go look for some company together!”“But where would we find someone at this hour?” He hummed, gaze never leaving Peter’s. “We could try Palace Park?”The young man wobbled his shoulders in mock indecision, taking a long moment to sweep the broken wheel and wood into his backpack, before straightening back up. “Well, I guess I could always use another Tiny Transformer Bot from the prize table.”That smile should have been illegal in the northern hemisphere. “Wade Wilson,” Wade said, holding out a gentlemanly arm.Peter fumbled, before slipping his hand into the crook of his elbow. “Peter Parker.”
…In another time and place, Wade would have gone back to Weasel’s bar and met the love of his life, Vanessa. However, in this life, predicated by a squeaky skateboard wheel, he met Peter instead.  Peter knew he was in trouble around the time Wade single handedly got the all time high score in Skee-Ball, but it wasn’t until the argument over which power ring transformer had the best run in an old 90s TV show that he knew he was in love.There would always be Gwen. Peter still visited her and her father’s grave on the anniversary of…anyway, after Gwen came Mary Jane, the fire cracker who lit up the hero’s life in ways he didn’t believe himself capable of anymore. He had loved her deeply and sincerely, but then she got kidnaped and threatened a few more times than
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
i have homework and a thesis
why am i sailing new ships
Why?
Spideypool - Freeform
Mini golf euphemisms
Yo Mama Jokes
All the banter
Marvel Cinematic Universe - Freeform
Rating may go up because even Cap can't get them to watch their language
Universe Alteration
Alternate Universe
Fluff and Angst
Team Red

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

