Work Text:
--And of all the ways he could and should have died (crushed in the bones of his Ferrari, panting under a woman, or blown up in his lab to name a few) this is easily in the top ten ways Tony Stark Should Not Have Gone Out, parched with his heart trying to beat around a block of metal in his don’t think don’t look and lungs so compressed he can’t take a deep breath.Sun. Hurting in his eyes and digging down into his guts and wrapping itself around every nerve. He hurts. Impact hadn’t exactly been on a feather pillow, and that was after getting chest-gutted. They’ll find him, someone will find him and he’ll be able to take a deep breath – he can’t breathe, impact knocked things loose, every time he tries something hurts deep inside his chest, he’s sure he’s bleeding, he feels like he must be bleeding. He can’t breathe and the cotton around his head is suffocating him but he doesn’t dare take it off, ditch it like he badly wants to do. It’ll be cold tonight, he’s so thirsty Jesus what he wouldn’t give for a bottle of water. As soon as he gets home, and he is, he’s getting home, but as soon as he gets home he’s buying out the first water company that crosses his path. He’s a dead man walking, he can’t touch, but-- but just a little, just a palm over it and the pressure makes pain echo down through his chest, radiating into his shoulders and spine and fuck.He hears something. Keep moving, keep walking, he hears it again but he’s been hearing things for the past two days, only not, only it’s overhead, it’s a chopper, and he’s screaming before he can stop himself, laughing until he tastes iron and he’s never been more grateful to see Rhodey running up to him in full fatigues, like the weirdest guardian angel ever.He falls but Rhodey is there, making some smartass remark, and Tony laughs and tries not to cry because he’s not going to do that, fuck if he’s going to cry now.  .When he wakes up, he isn’t home.He knows home. The smell of it, the texture; Jarvis practicing his witty repartee. He smells desert and dirt and the pain is trapped under something foggy and dense, but somehow it’s still as bad as it’s been since this shitshow began.“Relax,” Rhodey says somewhere near. He’s on a stretcher, lights overhead, the sound of uniforms and boots on linoleum and faces all around him wearing green, and Rhodey who looks like he went three rounds with a terrorist cell and lost. Or maybe that’s him.The pain is getting worse, and Rhodey leans down over him, grips his hand hard and says, “Tony, you’ve got to tell me what it is.”The lights dim overhead, just for a second – a doorway, the shadows lit in blue – but Rhodey is there, he’s got a hold on him so Tony knows it’s safe. The pain is coming worse, ratcheting up towards agony, like the cave -- those sick bastards operating on him -- and he hears an animal whimpering, he had a little dog as a kid who whimpered like that after he was hit by a car. “We’re in Bagram. MedEvac to Landstuhl is on its way. They’re going to stabilize you here, but before they can help you I need to know what we’re dealing with. Do you understand?”The whimpering is awful, and Tony coughs, throat dry even though he must have sucked down six bottles of water in the chopper, even when Rhodey tried to stop him. “Don’t,” he says, and coughs again. “Don’t take it out.” “No one’s going to touch it,” Rhodey says, and there are doctors and voices and blood is pumping out around the casing of the arc reactor; he’s bleeding all over the place, sheeted down his belly, down his sides, up over his neck. Tony drops his head back down, he is not going to cry, even if no one would ever give him shit because he’s got a fucking battery lodged between his lungs and he can’t breathe. “Don’t do this,” Rhodey barks in his Colonel Voice, like he thinks that does anything for Tony, like he thinks he can get him to listen, except maybe it does because Tony can’t look away from him. “Focus on me,” he says, squeezing Tony’s hand just as hard as Tony is squeezing his. “What is it?”Tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth but fuck, fuck. “Night light.” The voices around him pause, and some of the terror slips off Rhodey’s face. “Now is not the time to be a smartass, Tony.”“Always time,” Tony says, because one of the docs is doing something awful and Tony knows if he looks down he’s going to see his chest gaping open like a scene out of Alien. “Reactor. Like at the factory.”“Why is it in your chest?”“Shrapnel,” Tony says, and alarms go off around his ears and he can’t breathe and the pain is going to eat him up from the head down. “In my heart. I made it. Not the shrapnel. …Well. The shrapnel too.”“Okay. Okay,” Rhodey says, and squeezes his hand harder, and tries his best not to look completely horrified, like they haven’t known each other for fifteen years and Tony can read him down to the atom. “Can we take it out?”“No,” Tony says, or maybe shouts, from very far away. Rhodey is pushed aside and there are faces overhead an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotions
So many emotions
Arc Reactor
Missing Scene
Medical Procedures
Medicine
Psychological Trauma
Trauma
Recovery
PTSD

fandom: 
None
