Chapter 1: As Charming as a Prince Will Ever Be
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Myogenic contraction - a muscle contraction initiated by the muscle cell itself rather than outside stimulus. Characteristic of the heart, which beats in and of itself without being told.
~~~~~~~~Bern, Switzerland, March 2006  Bruce knows he shouldn't attend. This is just the sort of thing Ross and the military are waiting for. It's a busy city. There are crowds and cramped spaces everywhere, and while Bruce has never been claustrophobic, that is rapidly changing. Enclosed means breaking out means destruction and damage. Ruined buildings. Broken people.  The whole endeavor is dangerous, indulgent, irresponsible, and he's so very foolish and heartless for even setting foot near Bern let alone this conference. But then Tony Stark staggers to the podium, opens his mouth, and somehow manages to talk incredibly intelligently about integrated circuits and bioelectronics while obviously far beyond a blood alcohol content of 0.08% by volume. All Bruce can do is stare and listen and absorb every millisecond of the whole lecture. Until everything down to the smell of cheap stale coffee and lemon vinegar cleaner permeating the makeshift lecture hall is imprinted in his memory vividly forever. Because the man speaking about electrical amalgamations and chemical properties and how to avoid corrosion of semiconductor materials in biogenic devices with revolutionary scientific theories is the most brilliant, incredible person Bruce has ever met. Or rather been in the same room with since they haven't technically, officially met. His heart rate monitor vibrates against his wrist. Elevated level. Not too fast. Nowhere near potentially dangerous. He breathes slow and deep, but the rate of pulses stays quite a bit above a normal resting bpm. It buzzes every nine seconds or so, making him at 90bpm, to remind him. Tony talks quickly, animatedly of huge and complicated processes used to develop and maintain technology to run at maximum performance without breaking down. It's obvious he knows at least 83.34% of the people in the room haven't a clue about what he's describing and that he is actually reveling in the fact that very few colleagues are able to follow his concentration of genius. But Bruce can't mind because he is following every word, every train of thought. What he wouldn't give to meet that man. To sit and discuss circuits with him or engineering or some branch of physics or any kind of science. Or any kind of anything. He knew of course that Tony Stark was a genius, but he has empirical proof now. This is someone who is just as smart and educated as he is. This is someone who values that kind of intelligence. Tony wouldn't consider him a freak. Not for having an off the charts IQ anyway. Tony bows dramatically with expert flourish when he finishes speaking, then swaggers off stage like he's more accustomed to the deck of a ship on the rolling sea. The sigh that escapes Bruce is heavy and too full of longing. Perhaps attending the lecture, even without an incident, was a horrible idea all along. Being in the company of other scientists, other intellectuals. Being able to learn other perspectives and hear ideas that he never would've thought up. Being able to think of and apply his mind to something completely unrelated to his... problem and situation. He misses this like oxygen. This is all he has now though. This was far more than he should have received. He has to believe it was worth it. Bruce leaves the hotel's fabricated lecture hall and ducks through the dispersing crowd toward the exit. But the hotel has a bar in the lobby and Tony Stark is there. And he sees Bruce. "You." Tony points across the room, fresh drink sloshing in hand. Bruce freezes. His watch buzzes. Every six seconds. Stark Industries makes weapons. They sell them to the military. Tony Stark has plenty of military contacts. Tony Stark could turn him in. He could have already called Ross. Tony Stark could know who he is. Oh, god. What if Tony knew who he was? It would be terrible and incredible all at the same time. His watch is still buzzing. Tempo increasing. Tony motions him over. Bruce steps closer only because it is also closer to the doors and the exit and escape. The scent of a bold, spicy clean cologne lingers on Tony's skin; the alcohol, scotch probably, is damp vapor on Tony's breath. If Bruce focuses very carefully, the heat generated by Tony's solid, warm human body drifts over his own skin. Tony stares into him, scanning him down and up with dark, widely dilated pupils until Bruce feels more naked than he does even when he wakes without clothes in a strange place surrounded by unrecognizable people. "You have been staring at me for. Two. Hours." Tony's voice is smooth and dark. A slight edge. A roughness. Something desperate and raw but warm and all encompassing. Bruce's legs actually feel weak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Alternate Canon
Science Boyfriends
Science Bros
Physics Written by a Chemisty Nerd
Pre-Avengers Movie
Bannerella
Revisionist Fairy Tale
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Safer Sex
Past Bruce/Betty
Pansexual Character
Oral Sex
Anal Play
Anal Sex
Falling In Love
Non-Graphic Violence
Depression
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Deaf Clint Barton
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
God of Mischief causing mischief
Dirty Thoughts
Slow Burn
Pansexual Tony Stark
Bisexual Tony Stark
Bisexual Bruce Banner
Bruce Banner Angst
Bisexual Male Character
Alternative Meeting
Meet-Cute
Cinderella Elements
Fairy Tale Retellings
Mutual Pining
Canon Rewrite
Canon-Typical Violence
Angst with a Happy Ending
Anxiety Attacks
Anxiety Disorder
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Masturbation
Team Bonding
Team as Family
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sharing a Bed
Cuddling & Snuggling
Making Love
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton Friendship
Clint & Natasha are Fairy Godmother yep
Clint & Natasha are also trolls
Do not post to another site

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

