Chapter 1: TONY
    


Summary:

Tony's on edge after a day of watching Steve fighting in that hot blue suit, and there's only one place to go to soothe that need.





Chapter Text
Tony needs a fuck, and he needs it right now, at eleven-thirty at night. Staring at Steve Fucking Rogers’ ass all day long in that tight blue suit fucked him up. But Mr. Captain America was way out of Tony’s league; too perfect and all that. As far as Tony can tell anyway. Tony can only assume the man is as perfect as his military record. 
So Tony needs a fuck, because he’s dying slightly inside and as he hops on his motorcycle he already has a target in mind, already knows exactly where he’s going. There’s a spot down by Greenville Yard, off the tracks and isolated enough that no one important goes there. He dials the phone number that no one ever actually answers as he drives, the dial tone shimmering on a heads up display inside his bike helmet. It only rings four times before the person on the other end ends the call without connecting. Four was good; it meant he was there. 
Tony speeds through the Holland tunnel and down to the tracks, then pulls off onto a dirt road and through some trees into the shipyard. There he turns off the engine and walks the bike to an empty shipping container, and parks it inside. He puts a chain through the doors and locks it up, then continues through the shipyard, his thousand-dollar shoes crunching on dirt and rocks. He doesn’t bother with a flashlight, it would just attract attention. He knows he’ll be found by the right person soon enough. 
It happens just as he stuffs his hands into the pockets of his leather jacket, fingers getting cold in the chill of the night. It’s like being hit by a train; the pain of slamming into the freight container on his right is only slightly less painful than the man tackling him from the left. Rough hands turn him sideways and yank his hands behind his back in a vice-like grip Tony knows never lets go. He pants against the cold steel wall, adrenaline spiking. Fingers, warm and strong, knot in his hair and hold his head as leather presses against his back from his ankles to his shoulders. 
“You’re back again,” a voice growls against Tony’s ear, and Tony replies as the man is still speaking.
“Yes, yes, yes, I called! I need it!” 
“Not just about you,” the voice hisses, shoving Tony against the shipping container forcefully. Tony grunts and nods.
“Right, yeah, got it,” he says, writhing slightly against the weight of the man behind him. “I know you were watching today,” he adds, and the grip around his wrists tightens, forcing out a gasp of pain. “He didn’t see you! Swear it!” The grip tightens for a few more seconds until Tony fears his wrists are going to snap. “Ah! Please—!”
Things go red for a moment before the pressure eases, and Tony tries to catch his breath. 
“He better not,” the voice says hotly against Tony’s neck, and then the fingers in Tony’s hair slide down his shoulders and spine to his pants. What the man finds is that Tony’s pants are already unbuttoned and unzipped — and have been since he parked the bike.
“Didn’t want to waste our time,” Tony explains breathlessly as the man behind him scoffs. 
“You’re a piece of shit,” the man says. “Never known anyone so desperate.” Tony laughs weakly as the man’s hand slides into his underwear and roughly forces with his pants and boxers down his thighs. 
“Takes one to know one,” Tony replies, which earns him more punishment: the man grabs his hair again and slams his head into the shipping container. Tony groans and sees stars for a moment as the man lets go of his head. When Tony regains his senses it’s because the man is shoving his fingers inside him, wet and cold. “Guh!” Tony shudders as his hips twitch, pressing his cock against the cold steel of the container. “Aaah… please,” he moans, but the man doesn’t reply except to pant in Tony’s ear and work his fingers quickly inside him. It’s good, it’s so good and Tony’s body is so used to this by now that it doesn’t take long to get up to three fingers. 
“C-coat,” Tony pants, hearing the man unzip his pants behind him. “Condom’s in my pocket,” he says, his chest heaving in anticipation, his knees weak. The man laughs and shoves his hand into the pockets of Tony’s leather coat, looking for the small foil packet.
“You always remember,” the man says, and Tony gives a shaky laugh. They’d never even discussed it really, but the first time they’d done this Tony had pulled out a condom and the man hadn’t argued, not for a moment. 
“Can’t leave behind biological evidence,” Tony jokes. It’s their excuse. He can’t admit it’s to maintain the illusion for him: that they’re just strangers and have nothing to do with one another. He needs that separation, needs to keep that in his head because otherwise… he just thinks of Steve. He can hear the man laughing at him again, but he hears the snap of the condom, and when the man rubs his length against Tony’s thigh, he feels
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Oral Sex
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Dom/sub
Angst
Angst and Porn
Condoms
Double Penetration
Showers
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

