Chapter 1: Crossing Arrows and Crossing Destinies
    




Chapter Text
Things would’ve been different, Clint thinks, if he hadn't been born with all seven soulmarks. Monumentally different. Better, probably, at least for the first few decades.He doesn’t think he’d change it, though.His father was a traditionalist for the most part, but not to horrifying or dangerous degrees. His mother believed in true love. Barney was too young to understand.They hid the marks from the very beginning. Under clothes and makeup and distraction. All but two – the arrows on his calf, and the little spider on his neck.It was normal for Clint. He didn’t question it when his parents insisted he never let the others ones be seen. But he didn’t like it. It made him feel itchy.Sometimes his father would give him disgruntled looks when he thought Clint wasn’t looking, and his mother was absolutely livid whenever he forgot to put on the extra sweater, but things were pretty good, as far as Clint was concerned.Things changed when Clint turned five. Things changed when his mother died.Clint remembers her funeral, standing next to Barney and squeezing his older brother’s hand as tightly as he could, trying to fight off tears because his father had told them they weren’t allowed to cry.After that day, Clint’s father, Francis Barton, slowly but surely lost himself into his bottle. Clint doesn’t know why, but as weeks turned into months and their income dwindled down with Francis’ refusal to work, and somehow it turned on him.“She was going out to get your bloody makeup!” Francis roars at Clint, the five-year-old cowering in the corner of their front room, trying not to cut himself on the broken bear bottles scattered around. “You get six and I lose the only one I had?” Francis yells a month later, and this time, he throws the bottle at Clint. “You needy little faggot,” it morphs into, a few weeks later, “little bitch needs six fucking pricks to take care of you, huh?”Barney and Clint are taken from his custody two years after their mother dies. Barney won’t look at Clint anymore and he certainly won’t look at the scars littering his back and arms that came from broken glass. They’re put in foster care, and Clint’s young and foolish heart hopes that maybe things will be better, somehow. They’ll find a place where he’s accepted and then things will be good again.It doesn’t happen.By the time Clint is ten, he has solidly gained the resentment of his brother – and he never loses it.“My fucking job to take care of your weepy ass,” Barney snarls, storming around their bedroom and throwing all of their possessions into the duffel bag they’ve taken with them everywhere they’ve gone. “Your fucking fault I can't stay anywhere. God, everything’s your fault isn't it? You weren’t here Mom would still be alive – dad never would’ve done those things. It’s your fault.”Clint tries to make himself small. They’ve been kicked out of this home – and it was a nice one, too – because money kept disappearing. Barney was stealing it to pay for the makeup that still hid Clint’s marks from the world.Clint gets used to it after a while. He knows it’s his fault. Knows the tragedy of the Barton family started when he was born. It’s something he can deal with, because he knows, one day, that he’ll have six people to love him unconditionally. Maybe it’s his punishment to suffer early in life to equal out the success he will have later.Three years pass and Barney decides to run away. He takes Clint with him out of family obligation but nothing else – he makes that very clear. Clint, now ten years old, has had enough of the foster care system and, so long as Barney isn't leaving him behind, he’ll be happy to follow him anywhere.They wind up at a circus, and at first, it’s day in and day out hard labor, carrying supplies back and forth and setting up the tents before the sun has risen. The people there are scary, and cruel. A boy with a sword soon befriends Barney, and Clint is left in the dust.He finds his first bow by accident.He’s eleven, and he’s skinny but muscled – the result of hard labor mixed with little food. Their circus has crossed paths with another group of performers, and Clint and the other laborers are allowed to watch the performance that night – a rare treat – from a hidden vantage point in the rafters.Clint can't take his eyes of one particular man – his mustache is long and elegantly up kept, and when he enters the circus floor, he carries with him a long bow taller than himself. With it, he shoots an apple off the head of a lovely woman wearing very little clothing. He shoots arrow after arrow, and in his mind, Clint is finally beginning to have an inclining of what his mark might mean.After the show, Clint finds the man’s tent as steals a bow the size of his forearm and five small arrows. He never sees the man again.When he is twelve, the ringmaster sees Clint shooting birds from the sky. Within two weeks, Clint is part of the act, no longer a laborer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Child Abuse
Child Neglect
Bad Parenting
good parenting
Fix-It
Falling In Love
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Thor
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

