Work Text:
It was Tony’s idea, of course, to play a drinking game under the guise of helping Bucky remember his life before becoming the Winter Soldier. Steve had frowned disapprovingly, had fixed him with his best ‘Captain America is Disappointed With Your Life Choices’ glare, but to no avail. It didn’t matter that Bucky had been coping just fine for the last four months without anyone else’s intervention, or that Steve had only recently stopped being too protective to let the sniper join them on a handful of Avengers missions.When Tony got a dumb idea in his head, it was next to impossible to dissuade him from acting on it. Clint had been the next person to jump on the band wagon, backing up the idea by saying that it would be good as a team bonding exercise. Natasha had rolled her eyes and said nothing, but that hardly made her innocent. If you weren’t against the idea, you were for it, after all.Steve wasn’t sure how they got ahold of Thor and not Bruce, but the Asgardian showed up with enough alcohol to have gotten the whole Army fantastically blitzed. As it was, there was just the six of them in the den on the eighty-second floor of the Avengers Tower, draped across the sprawling sofa and tucked into chairs around the glass coffee table as they laughed over stupid stories and fond memories.Even Bucky managed a few small smiles and anecdotes, and that alone made the game worth it, Steve thought.“Never have I ever. . .” the captain paused, looking down into his drink and swirling the liquid around. They were drinking out of red plastic cups instead of real glasses because Tony said it reminded him of MIT and 'damnit, that’s how you're supposed to drink when you played these sorts of games,' apparently, 'like you’re young and stupid and invincible and got nothing to lose.' Steve felt pleasant and warm and a little tipsy for the first time in over seventy years. The liquid was smooth and amber colored, tasted sweet and heavy with a sharp afterbite and slow burn on his tongue. If he drank it quick, the alcohol would affect him for a short period before his Super Soldier metabolism worked through it. He picked his words carefully, because he wanted to make as many of them drink as he could this round and didn't want to slur. “Slept with a woman.”“Damnit!” Clint took a long drink from his beer; he had switched to the bottles Tony kept in the bar after realizing that he wouldn’t last long if he was drinking the alien alcohol. Natasha took her shot of plum brandy without comment and then refilled her shot glass. She had had to drink nearly every turn so far, and she was starting to run low on alcohol and couldn't keep her lips from pressing together to fight off a smile.“I don’t have to drink for every woman I’ve slept with, right?” Tony asked, even though they all knew that he didn’t need the clarification. He knew the rules better than any of them; it was his game, after all. Thor just laughed and emptied his cup, which he had been doing all night despite being told several times that he only needed to take a drink if he had done something.Bucky didn't move, his brow furrowed in thought. He was sitting next to Steve on the couch, trying to remember what he had or had not done. Steve nudged him gently with his elbow, grinning a little lopsided. He had missed this: being close to Bucky, touching him without intention to subdue or apply pressure to a wound. Talking to him about something other than mission statuses and ammo counts.“You gotta drink, too, Buck,” he said, only realizing after that it had sounded too soft, too fond for the kind of tentative relationship that they had now. Hell, it was probably too sappy for the kind of relationship they'd had back then, too, but it felt nice not to have to police it, and if anyone called him on it Steve was pretty sure he could believably pass himself off as a sentimental drunk.“I do?” Bucky asked, blinking slowly, his vision unfocused. The alcohol must have been starting to get to him, too. Steve didn't know how similar their versions of the serum were, but he had thought they wouldn't need to worry about getting Bucky drunk. Maybe he should suggest they both slow down and switch to water for a bit, give their livers time to catch up.“Oh yeah. You had a lot of girls before the war,” Steve told him, though his smile went a little tight. He had served as Bucky’s memory a few times tonight already, prompting him with little comments about the way things used to be. It hurt to be the only one who remembered, but Steve figured his friend just needed more time. There had already been a lot that Bucky remembered on his own. He knew that he had been to see the circus before, that he had grown up with siblings, and that he had tried a surprising variety of ethnic foods over the years. Bucky nodded and took a drink.Of course, Bucky’s girls had always hurt, even before the war and amnesia. Steve tried not to think about them and their painted lips, their curled hair, their so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Alcohol
Drinking Games
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Genderplay
feminization kink
Dirty Talk
Pre-Relationship
Drunken Confessions
Drunk Sex
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Spit As Lube
Everything is an Arbitrary Excuse to Get Them to Bang

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

