Work Text:
Natasha was, quite frankly, ridiculous. Well, that was what Clint thought at least. Ridiculous wasn’t a word often associated with the admittedly terrifying Russian superspy and assassin (deadly, chilling, stunning, and impossible were quite more frequent), but, really, there was no other word to use for her right now. She was the most observant person Clint had ever met, so it had been quite a shock for him when she flat out refused to believe that he and Phil were dating. At first he’d thought she was joking. It wasn’t like he and Phil were secretive or even discreet about their relationship. Clint knew that in the archives there was an entire file devoted to the many complaints filed by other agents about how much they flirted over the comms on missions, and if he had a dollar for every time someone told them to “get a room” then he’d have…well, he wasn’t sure exactly how much he’d have, but it was probably at least enough for him to get Phil a new coffee maker. Phil would probably appreciate that. (Of course, he’d have to buy Phil a new coffee maker anyway, considering how he’d broken the last one…)But back to the subject. See, Natasha’s chief complaint was that they weren’t dating if everyone but Phil knew about it. What was she talking about? Of course Phil knew they were in a relationship! Honestly. Phil was the one who’d asked out Clint first. He’d even instigated their first kiss. How could he not know? Clint was actually a little bit hurt about what Natasha was insinuating. Was she saying that Phil thought of him as a sort of friend-with-benefits? Well, without the benefits part. Kind of. They hadn’t actually had sex yet. Natasha had tried to argue that that was another point against them being in a relationship. Clint had strongly disagreed. What sort of crass barbarian did she think he was? He’d never pressure Phil into sex until he was ready! When Phil came up to him and said he wanted to have sex, then they’d have sex. Clint wasn’t some sort of coercive, abusive bastard! (Of course, it wasn’t like Clint hadn’t thought of it before: Phil guiding him into the dimly lit bedroom, pressing him into the sheets, Clint arching up as Phil slipped his fingers inside – )So, no. They hadn’t had sex but that was just because they were taking things slowly. Clint really didn’t want to mess things up here. This relationship was important to him. It was probably the most important relationship in his life ever. So even if he was plagued by dreams that left him flushed and gasping, he wouldn’t initiate anything yet. Not until Phil was ready.  But really. How could they not be in a relationship? 1. They’d kissed before. Multiple times. Made out, even. Yes, it was during a mission, but Clint was quite sure that he’d read somewhere that people act on their true emotions more readily when in highly stressful situations. And if Phil wrote it down in the mission report as a “distraction/evasive maneuver” then that was just because it would be awkward to write “We made out. Passionately. And I really need to learn that tongue trick he did…” when Fury would be the one reading it. That was just…ew. Clint was perfectly fine with keeping their (not)sex life between themselves. (Clint didn’t really pay attention to the fact that they’d never kissed outside of a mission setting. He just pouted when Natasha point that out and asked how she knew that. He found out that he really didn’t want to know. Because Natasha could be kind of creepy.)2. They’d gone on dates before. Actual, legitimate dates. Clint had taken (dragged) Phil to the zoo one day because he wasn’t allowed out into the field with the cast on his right arm and he was bored out of his mind. He’d paid for both of their tickets and they’d even held hands. (Well, Phil might have grumbled that Clint was expected to pay for the ticket if he was going to go dragging him around on his day off. And the whole “holding hands” thing might have been because Clint had excitedly run ahead and got impatient with Phil for taking so long. Phil grabbed his wrist so that he wouldn’t sprint off again. Of course, Clint was pretty sure that the way Phil had threaded their fingers together later wasn’t exactly to get him to stay put. It was quite effective in doing so, though.)And, as much as Natasha protested, Phil had invited him out on a date before too! They’d gone to Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part Two together on opening night – the midnight showing even! – and shared a box of popcorn. Clint was tempted to try the “pretend to stretch and put your arm around your boyfriend’s shoulders” move, but there was a little old lady sitting behind him whose glare seemed to say “I know what you’re up to sonny-boy and you better not make any mischief during this movie.” Clint kept his arms where they were. (Phil was originally going to go to the movie with Sitwell, but the other agent was called away on an urgent mission at the last moment. He’d then heard Clint bemoaning
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Fluff
Dating
Phil is oblivious
Natasha has had enough of your shenanigans
Getting Together
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

