Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“He did WHAT?!” I demanded, gaping at Steve.
	“Shut your damn mouth, Rogers. You’ll get her all worked up over nothin’.” Bucky rolled his eyes, turning to rummage through the refrigerator.
	Steve dragged a hand down his face. “Buck, charging into a terrorist base without cover isn’t “nothin’”. Its reckless behavior. You were just allowed to begin accompanying us on missions. You don’t work alone anymore. Impulsive decisions you make can put everyone on the mission in danger.” 
	No response.
	Steve sighed and ran a hand though his blonde hair, his exhaustion from the two week mission apparent. As he walked heavily toward the elevator to head to his own quarters he glanced in my direction, a helpless look in his eyes, silently begging me to try to talk some sense into his best friend. Obviously this wasn’t the first exchange on the subject.
	The elevator dinged and Steve stepped in. “Buck, I don’t mean to question your abilities or your decision making. You’re my friend and I just want you to be safe.” The doors slid closed, leaving us alone.
	 I stood quiet for a moment, squeezing my hands into fists, trying to calm my breathing. “What the fuck were you thinking, James?” I hissed. 
	Bucky spun around to face me. “I was thinking that there was a mission to be completed,” he spat. “I saw what had to be done and I did it. End of story. Everyone is fine. We have the information we need. I’ve done all of this before!”
	He stalked past me, heading for our bedroom. He kicked off his boots and began the long process of shedding all of his gear. I stood in the doorway, my shaking hands jammed onto my hips.
	“Do you have any idea what could have happened to you?” I screamed. “You could have been captured! You could have been hurt! You could have been fucking killed! Is that what you’re trying to do?” I yanked his flesh arm, forcing him to turn and look me in the eye. “Are you trying to get yourself killed and leave me all alone?!”
	He twisted his arm, jerking it from my grasp and gripped the back of my neck with his metal hand, harshly bringing my face up to his own. “I want you and Steve to stop acting like I’m new to this.” His low, menacing tone sent a chill down my spine. “I’ve done it all before. I know what I’m doing.” He dropped his hand and stepped back, coldly looking me in the eye. “Don’t fucking question me again.”
	 I saw red.
	 I slammed the back of my hand into his jaw. His head whipped viciously to the side. 
	“Maybe that’ll knock some sense into your dumb ass! Just because you don’t give a damn about your own safety doesn’t mean no one else does! I don’t know what I would do if I lost you and as long as you make stupid, bullheaded decisions, I will fucking question them! And don’t you ever fucking speak to me that way again.” I screamed at him.
	 He just stood there, his eyes smoldering behind strands of long brown hair. Then, faster than I could blink, his metal arm threw me against the wall. He didn’t bother to cushion my head, and my skull smacked against the hard surface. I growled and slammed my fists into his massive chest, trying in vain to shove him away. His flesh hand gripped my throat, his hips keeping me trapped against the wall. 
	“Now doll, that wasn’t very nice was it?” his deep voice rasped in my ear.
	I was not going to satisfy him with an answer. I raised my chin and glared defiantly at him. He just smirked darkly down at me. He leaned in, pressing his huge palm into my neck with all the strength his bulging bicep could deliver. Fuck him, using my kinks against me. He shoved a muscular thigh roughly against my core. I choked and gasped for air. His icy blue eyes bore into mine.
	“I asked you a question.” 
	“Fuck. You.”, I managed to wheeze out.
	“You know doll, this isn't the welcome home treatment I was hopin’ to get from you. I missed you, darlin’. Two weeks is a long time to be alone. I planned on layin’ you down and takin’ care of you. Nice and slow and sweet, all night long. But I don’t think you deserve that now. You’re bein’ a damn brat, screamin’ and talkin’ back to me. I’m disappointed in you.” he drawled.
	I was beginning to see stars but I managed to hold his intense stare as stubbornly as I could while gasping for the slightest breath of oxygen. He suddenly released me, stepping away as I doubled over, heaving and sucking air into my lungs. His metal hand gripped my hair at the back of my head and pulled my face inches from his own. His flesh fingers softly stroked my cheek.
	“Strip. Now. Then wait on the edge of the bed for me.” His voice was deathly calm.
	“Fuck you, Barnes.”
	He flashed me a smirk that was downright sinful. 
	“Oh doll, you will. All night long.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Dominant Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes owns my life
help me
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

