Chapter 1: The Bridge
    


Notes:
Thank you to the lovely Annie who helped with the Russian!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The mask clatters on the ground, and the Soldier turns on the balls of his feet, graceful and deadly.
The face is familiar, looking at him across the short distance and all the decades in between.
“Bucky?”
His nostrils flare, face pinched.
“Who the hell is Bucky?”
Horror and fear heavy in his belly, a weight he isn’t sure he can shift. Then the scent hits, familiar, forgotten, overwhelming and Steve’s body clenches. 
It happens in an instant the Winter Soldier, Bucky, is on him. The heavy metal arm wrapping around the back of his neck, the grip strangely gentle and the cool metal soothing on his heated skin. He pulls Steve to him, nosing the hinge of his jaw.
“Mine.”
A growl. It makes Steve’s knees turn into jelly and his body clench again. With dawning horror, Steve realizes what is about to happen. 
He sees Natasha from the corner of his eye, weakened and leaning against one of the wrecked cars, but the rocket launcher is steady in her hands. Sam, his wings still open, gun pointing straight at them, too scared to take the shot with their bodies so close. Sirens in the air.
The cars surround them and the Strike team rush out, forming a perimeter. Rumlow swaggers out of the car, Rollins not far behind. The Alpha smell of them acrid and hostile. Steve can feel the Soldier tensing, the slight movement he makes to position himself in between Steve and the approaching men. His nostrils flare.
“Good work Asset.”
The Soldier shoots Rumlow in the face. Then Rollins, before anyone else can move. The rest of the strike team tries to engage, but Sam has already taken out two of them. The impact of the rocket launcher takes out the remaining, leaving them alone in the silence of the street, smoke and fire in the air. 
The soldier hauls him into one the Strike cars and Steve doesn’t really resist at first, too dazed. He opens the passenger side door, pushing Steve in, but he starts to fight against the pressure on his neck. The Soldier growls but surprisingly doesn’t push or tighten his hold.
“No. Not without Sam and Natasha.”
The Soldier looks at him eyes flat and hard, but Steve is not moving, nor getting into the car, his hands braced on the chassis. The Soldier huffs, clearly a sound of annoyance, but he nods and walks to collect the shield from the road and shoves it to the back seat at the same time as Sam and Natasha clamper in. 
The Soldier, Bucky, drives aggressively, veering through traffic with the sirens and lights on. No one tries to stop them and they make it past all the police blockades easily.
Steve’s legs are shaking, the rush of adrenaline and hormones making him unsteady. He knows what is coming, has felt this before. After Azzano, a furtive mating in the freezing woods with Bucky’s hand over his mouth. 
He knows that he doesn’t have much time.
“Natasha.”
The Soldier growls at him, and Steve fights the urge to bare his throat. He wraps his hand around the door handle instead, pulling his body against the door, tight to the leather of the seat.
“Natasha, I’m going into heat.”  
“What the hell Steve.”
Her voice is slightly slurred and marred by pain. He leans back against the headrest, looking at her, pleading for her to understand. Sam is putting pressure on the wound on Natasha’s shoulder, but it’s not enough. Steve can smell the blood.
“Natasha. It’s Bucky.”
Her eyes widen a fraction, and Steve feels grateful that she is letting him see her surprise, letting him see her when he himself is so vulnerable. 
“He’s Bucky.”
The Soldier growls again and this time, Steve does bare his throat, grounding his ass against the seat of the car, not fighting the brutal wanting working its way through his body. He feels the touch of the Soldier’s flesh hand though the cotton his t-shirt, damp from sweat. He isn’t looking at Steve, his focus on the road, but his hand is gentle against Steve’s chest, grounding.
Steve whines deep from his belly, an instinctual Omega sound.
He can hear Natasha pull a breath through her teeth and the car swerves off the lane as the Soldier turns to bare his teeth at her.
“He’s going into a rut too, from what I can smell from here.”
There is a note of distaste in Sam’s voice, Betas preferring to avoid rutting Alphas where possible. Steve can understand how overpowering the smell must be to them in the close quarters of the car, no matter how much it smells like Coney Island, and summer sand between his toes, security to him.
“It’s disgusting.”
Natasha is grimacing, Steve can hear it in her voice. The smell of another Alpha’s rut is antagonistic, a challenge, and Steve is grateful for the veneer of her professionalism. 
They change cars at a long term airport parking lot. The soldier easily breaks into and starts a large grey SUV with tinted windows. Pacing restlessly and growling as Sam helps Natasha into t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Explicit Sexual Content
Alpha!Bucky
Omega!Steve
Memory Issues
Dubious Consent
but kind of fluffy too
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Vague references to torture
Captain America: The First Avenger
Violence
Underage Sex for chapter 4 only
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

