Chapter 1: prologue
    




Chapter Text
Clear blue water, high tide came and brought you in
 And I could go on and on, on and on, and I will
 Skies grew darker, currents swept you out again
 And you were just gone and gone, gone and gone

 In silent screams,
 In wildest dreams
 I never dreamed of this
this love - taylor swift The last time Steve Rogers saw Natasha Romanoff was a Tuesday afternoon in November.  If he’d known it would be the last he’d see her for over four years, well, he might have gone with something better than  see you later  when she headed out the door.  He might have set down the Stark pad he’d been using to file mission notes.  He might have walked her to the door, pushed her up against it and kissed her for all she was worth.  He might have dropped to one knee and pulled out the ring that had been tucked into his sock drawer for three weeks, told her just how much she meant to him and made an honest woman of her.  More than anything he would have made damn sure she had never walked out the door at all.Instead though he said  see you later  and barely glanced up from the mission notes, he let her see herself out and fooled himself into thinking it was just another Tuesday afternoon.  He let himself assume she’d be back once she’d run her errands, maybe with dinner and a bottle of wine in hand.  He assumed they’d fall back into their routine, they’d find some movie to watch, crack open the wine, make out on the couch like teenagers and make love before falling asleep wrapped up in each other.  That that day would be just another day he loved Natasha with everything he had, and she him.  

He’d assumed wrong.

If he had known what he’d know later he wouldn’t have given it time.  He wouldn’t have wasted those precious hours that he tried to ignore the gnawing feeling in the pit of his stomach thinking that maybe she just needed space.  That it was Natasha and that was what Natasha  did.   She pulled away and sometimes for no reason whatsoever.  He wouldn’t have given it even a second, let alone a day for the trail to go cold, for her to get out of the country and out of his grasp.  For  them  to get out of reach.

Hindsight, in addition to being 20/20, was a bitch.

By the time Steve had listened to his gut and started to look in earnest, Natasha had been long gone.  Every number out of service, nothing on any of her credit cards, there were no hits on security cameras, nothing out of any airport they had Stark’s systems comb through footage for.  Of course, he realized bitterly, why  would  there be.  If Natasha wanted to disappear she was one of few in the world who could do it without a trace.  For the life of him though he just couldn’t figure out  why  she would want to.  

Days stretched into weeks - weeks into months.  He all but turned the world over to try to find even a scrape of a clue.  He withdrew from everyone and everything.  He got angry, he got bitter.  He got  mean.    Until Clint reminded him he wasn’t the only one who had lost her and punched some sense back into him.  Literally.  The intelligence community was in shambles following the collapse of SHIELD, HYDRA was still out there and the world needed Captain America, not a man who couldn’t hack a broken heart.  

So he sucked it up, he did his job and put his emotions on the back burner.  Months turned into a year and he faked it until he started to buy it a little himself. He didn’t  stop  , he just prioritized.  And in his downtime he had two ghosts to chase after instead of one.  Late at night, when he didn't have anyone to pretend for, he wondered if he was just fated to always lose the people he loved the most.  He went through the motions, he poured himself into his work.  He existed but he didn’t truly  live .One day a postcard showed up in his mailbox, nondescript and without a hint of location, but he’d recognize the writing anywhere.   Stop looking. 

They recruited Sharon because she’s damn good and a waste of an asset in the CIA.  For weeks all he could see when he looked at her was Natasha that afternoon in the cemetery;  you should call that nurse.   They fight the good fight and it takes a year, but it finally feels like he’s coming back up for air.  He stopped seeing Natasha every time he looked at Sharon.  He stopped looking for her in the middle of the night when he'd wake up and for a moment forget she was gone. He slowly but surely started to put his pieces back into something resembling a person.  He cautiously takes Sharon for coffee.  He put away the last remnants of Natasha into a box along with the ring and put it in the back of his closet.  He began to move on.When he found Bucky it’s Sharon who was by his side, and when the weeks and months of trying to save Bucky’s sanity stretched on, it was Sharon who kept him from flying off the edge.  Coffee turned into dinner and one day she looked up at him and said  are you ever going to kiss me.   So he did.It was nice and calm, it was knowing wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov (past)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Based on a Tumblr Post
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
semi Age of Ultron compliant
Age of Ultron minus Ultron
Parenthood
Messy relationships are messy
Steve Feels
Natasha Feels
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov (past)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

