Work Text:

Soundtrack: Fuck You – Lily Allen

 No One Wants Your Opinion 
Steve enjoyed being the only person in Avengers Tower that knew Bucky as something other than a skulking grump with murder eyes. Hell, Bucky hardly spoke a word to anyone but Steve. From time to time Steve caught snippets of hushed exchanges in Russian between Bucky and Natasha, but the conversations were fraught with knit brows and frowning mouths.In their suite, Bucky smiled. He laughed at Steve’s bad puns, he looked up recipes on Pintrest to make breakfasts that would keep Steve full for more than a couple hours, he danced to pop music that Steve was 90% sure Natasha introduced him to, and at any given moment Bucky kissed, petted and snuggled Steve. In particular Steve liked the Netflix nights spent catching up on all the movies and television shows that both of them missed, not only because he understood previously unclear references made by his teammates, but because Bucky wrapped Steve up in his limbs like an octopus and didn’t let go.Bucky latched onto Steve like a barnacle behind their closed doors, and damn if Steve didn’t love it.They kept their private life under lock and key, but not out of fear as much as it was out of habit. All the way back in the thirties, Steve and Bucky kept their preferences strictly to themselves. They could have gone to queer bars, could have found like-minded friends – but for a few years there, even having lost their virginities to one another way back when they were teenagers, he and Bucky held out hope that they might grasp at some kind of normalcy.Of course, then Pearl Harbor happened, the war came, Bucky enlisted, Steve volunteered to be a science experiment, and all in all folks didn’t give a flying fuck who made time with whom as long as they were discrete about the affair. No, being a bisexual fella in the army wasn’t ideal, but it wasn’t the worst, either. Steve and Bucky’s relationship was an open sort of secret. Phillips didn’t know, but Peggy and the Howlies did.Dum Dum’s exact words upon catching Steve and Bucky in a kiss had been, “Ain’t no business of mine, but you might take it someplace less obvious next time, you fuckin’ idiots.”A good rule of thumb, Steve had told Natasha shortly after they brought Bucky back to the Tower and revealed his identity to the world, was that history was a whole lot gayer than your high school teacher told you it was. Hell, before Bucky fell from that train, Peggy proposed and arrangement between the three of them. They would’ve done it, too, if Bucky and Steve hadn’t each died in their own way.Point was: Steve and Bucky didn’t parade their relationship around then, and they sure as shit didn’t want to parade it around now, when Bucky’s brain was still healing and everything they did was new territory all over again.When Bucky first came to live with Steve, Steve didn’t know if he’d want to pick up where they left off. Steve settled Bucky in his own bedroom, lent him some distance, and hoped like hell that he was doing the right thing for both of them. Turned out Bucky didn’t like that all that much – he told Steve as much about a month after he’d come home, over coffee and eggs at the breakfast table.“How come you don’t kiss me no more?” he asked in that soft, hesitant tone he took on whenever he was afraid to know the answer to something.Steve had dropped his mug in surprise. He’d stammered, “I didn’t know if you…I thought…I thought maybe you wouldn’t want – that, anymore.”Bucky abandoned his breakfast on the table and crossed the kitchen in one smooth movement. He wrapped his arms around Steve, pressed his head into Steve’s shoulder, and stood there. After a moment, Steve remembered to move and hugged Bucky back, rubbing his hands over the tense curve of Bucky’s spine. Bucky relaxed into the touch, melted in a way that Steve hadn’t seen in so, so long.“Fuckin’ stupid punk,” Bucky muttered into his neck, “I’m not – not the same as him. Not him. But there’s parts of me that are, and I remember a lot more nudity than we’ve been having around here.”Steve laughed, and from then on when they were in the safe haven of their Tower suite, they didn’t go a day without their hands all over each other.At first they kept the touches to cuddling. Or, rather, Steve tried to keep the touches to cuddling. He liked tangling his limbs with Bucky. He liked the way that his soap smelled on Bucky’s neck, liked the way Bucky’s hair felt so soft between Steve’s fingers when he ran his hand through it. He liked Bucky, and to be honest, he didn’t think that he would have asked for a Bucky different than the one that he had. Sure, yeah, Bucky wasn’t the same. But neither was Steve. Bucky from back then, from before the war and even during it, was still young and doe-eyed. That Bucky belonged to a similarly young and doe-eyed Steve.This Bucky, with his metal arm and quiet, cautious way of doing things, was twenty first century Steve’s Bucky. Steve didn’t see things so black 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Coming Out
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Social Media
Liberal Steve Rogers
angry cinnamon bun steve
Bisexuality
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
but tony thought he was
tony thinks a lot of things
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Anal Sex
Bottom Steve
Top Bucky Barnes
but they actually like to switch
Topping from the Bottom
power bottom Steve
Fluff
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

