Work Text:
The problem is, well many things actually. Steve isn't one to deny the future still confuses him terribly. The internet for one thing, where does it come from?But, the problem, at the moment is Tony. When is a problem in Steves life not Tony actually. Whether the genius has pranked him by making all his water colour pencils come out the wrong colours or reprimanding him because for God sake Stark do you know how to follow an order?This problem however, is far more than just a small nuisance in Steves life. This may actually be considered a real bloody problem.Because Tony is no longer Tony. Well not adult Tony, he seems to be quite small. Significantly smaller.About 4 and a half according to Jarvis. Jarvis is always most helpful in times Steve would happily go back under the ice.1941 was such a blissfully simpler time really. Besides you know, Nazis.They'd been on a mission, a routine no need to fuss mission.  Nothing out of the ordinary, Loki had gotten some superhuman robots, parts of Manhattan had been under threat. Steve had suited up, Clint had slugged a few with some arrows, Tony had pelted the suckers through a couple walls. Standard as far as Wednesday afternoons go really.And then Tony had gone missing. Yes, because people go missing from Steves life so regularly, whether to go for coffee or because they're missing becomes irrelevant. They usually turn up one way or another. Steve has a cat that wondered into his life one evening when he was painting and it stays for a few weeks then goes missing again. But it always comes back, Steve feels like everything in his life always comes back eventually. Even if he has worked that out the hard way.Tonys communication was down for 4.36 seconds before Jarvis had come in,"Captain Rogers it seems like Sir is in need of assistance" Slugging the last of a super robot with his shield and doing a commercially difficult roundhouse kick to its head, Steve stopped in place and asked Jarvis to repeat himself."Sir is 20 meters to your east and is in need of assistance immediately" Steve rarely heard the A.I sound snarky but there was no other way to describe his tone."Widow, do you have a visual one Stark?" Steve asked into the intercom,"Got is boss no -, " Her voice cut off short and he could have sworn he heard a whimper."Rogers, you might want to see this."Confused, Steve quickly made his way over to where he could see her bright hair. The bots were almost taken out and Clint was handling the last ones with his arrows."Is he okay? He hasn't gotten hurt has he?" Steve asked both concerned and frustrated. He cared about the older man (kind of, older physically? Perhaps not mentally) but he was known to be the worst patient in mankind's history. Steve didn't want to deal with a seriously injured Stark."I can't tell," Was all she supplied and he found her crouching over the Iron Man suit."Tony-" He begun but froze when he approached. Stumbling onto the scene Steve now understood why Nat had been apprehensive.The suit was open, taken a bad hit on the chest by the looks of it which was enough to send Steve into overdrive. Nobody had really explained the arc reactor to him properly and by this point he was too afraid to ask, but he knew it was absolutely vital to the man's health. A hit was enough to send him into panic.This however, well Tony wasn't in the suit. Because next to it, curled into a small ball cradling himself was a small child. Large ACDC shirt hanging off him, with an unmistakable blue glow coming from the shirt. The child looked up at him warily, bright eyes determined yet terrified."Shit," Steve said, more to himself then to Nat.He didn't even have it in him to glare at her when she tried to joke, "Language."-/-/-/-/--Steve hasn't known Tony very long. Less than probably everyone in the tower, but he considers them friends. Mostly, they don't see eye to eye all the time and he would probably much rather seek out Dr Banner or Thor if he's looking for actual company and Tony would probably rather spend it in his lab with JARVIS then him. But they tolerate each other well. Discuss current events and catch up on pop culture, sometimes.It's just, Steve doesn't know a lot about Tony personally. He knows what Tony wants him to know, that he is a genius, playboy, philanthropist.  That Tony could buy and sell his ass a million times over and out do him in possibly any intellectual thing ever. But he could do that to almost anyone so Steve doesn't take it personally anymore. He might have once, but not anymore.He was Howard Starks friend, and Howard was a respectable genius. Slightly less annoying then Tony was, but he assumes as Howards son certain things about the man.Steve is beginning to question all of the things he ever assumed about Tony though, because it appears he knows nothing.How very John Snow of him.Steve would have assumed right off the bat that Tony was a monster of a child. Precocious , spoilt, know it all. That he'd be demanding and bra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
No Romantic Relationships - Relationship

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-aged tony
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Angst
Friendship
Team as Family

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
No Romantic Relationships - Relationship

