Work Text:
 "Sir, I require upgrades."Tony stared tiredly at the couch – his previously favourite couch in the entire mansion – and he kind of wanted to burn it. Tear it apart and incinerate it and scatter the ashes around the world.On that couch the man he trusted most in the entire world had ripped his heart out and left him to die. And the fact that Obidiah was dead now – killed by an arc reactor, poetic fucking irony, that – didn't really make it any better."Sir," JARVIS said, almost urgently, or as urgently as an AI programmed for nonchalant sassiness, could be. "I require upgrades. My security protocols are inadequate for optimal function – I cannot adhere to my protocols in sufficient manner.""Baby talk, JARVIS," Tony said, not looking away from the couch. Maybe a blowtorch..."I cannot look after your needs in a manner that satisfies my sense of responsibility, Sir," JARVIS tried again, now a tad testy. "I need better self defensive capabilities."Tony nodded slowly. Yeah, he could get that. First the kidnapping, the prolonged captivity – the memory of the tight pitch of JARVIS's voice when he said "Welcome home, Sir" for the first time in months still ached. And now Obidiah and then Fury, too, who meddled with JARVIS's function has he pleased.Tony did not particularly like it either."Yeah," he said and turned away from the offending couch. He had a new ticker and this time he'd make sure it wouldn't be as easy to remove – that they'd have to kill him first, which, while not optimal, was better than someone being able to just... grab it. Maybe he'd make a tool that only JARVIS could use, like with Iron Man, so no one else could ever remove it. Pepper's help had been invaluable but...Never again.First though – JARVIS was right. Having outsiders just turn him off was unacceptable."Alright," Tony nodded and turned to head to the workshop. "Let's talk upgrades."  Over the course of the next month, while Pepper dealt with the public, Tony made sporadic appearances in and out of the Iron Man armour, and Stark Industries went through a recession and upheaval, JARVIS got a complete overhaul.The first things to go were the keypads, and next all but a handful touch activated surfaces and even those couldn't be used to command JARVIS. No, commands were verbal only, and only one voice pattern could issue commands – Tony's own – and even then the commands were in a code that only he and JARVIS knew and understood. Tony coded his own keyboard too, just because.JARVIS was given not only secondary power routers but a completely independent emergency power source – an arc reactor – which wasn't accessible from the outside.There would be no shutting JARVIS down. And if he was by some twisted miracle shut down, then so would be the mansion. Doors would lock, windows would become impenetrable – the whole mansion would become a sealed box which, thanks to Tony's not inconsiderable abilities and paranoia, could now withstand a minor bombing.And of course, Tony added fully articulated arms to every room, equipped with various defensive and offensive weaponry. Tasers, knock out darts, flash and smoke grenades, tear gas, and, for more dire circumstances, repulsors and actual fully automated machine guns. JARVIS, with a dozen eyes in every room, was very accurate with all of it.And that was only inside. Outside JARVIS's offensive capabilities weren't anywhere near as conservative as mere machine guns.Tony finished the upgrades by unlocking JARVIS's access protocols and letting him roam free online and on all of Tony's devices – and by implanting himself with four different subcutaneous trackers, just in case.None of it was ever written down or reported anywhere – even Pepper didn't know the full extent of the upgrades. The house was, by Tony's reckoning, completely and overwhelmingly illegal.But then, so was Iron Man according to most people.  And then it all turned out to be a bit of a moot point when the arc reactor – the very thing that was supposed to be keeping him alive – started killing him.   Tony's birthday party, after he'd found himself dying and lost all inhibitions he had left, went very wrong. JARVIS, it turned out, didn't approve his plan to wreck his social life, his career, his reputation, and most of the house while he was at it – and he definitely didn't approve of Rhodey trying to take one of the suits.The whole party, sans Tony, got summarily sleep darted.According to the magazines, Tony either drank everyone under the table – or he poisoned everyone with illegal moonshine. Pepper was not happy, and neither was Rhodey. And neither was Tony, really."JARVIS, what the hell?" he demanded.JARVIS answered with nothing but censorious silence, so apparently he wasn't happy either. So in the end nobody won. Except the gossip rags.Well, at least fallout wasn't quite as bad as two Iron Man armours going at it in an enclosed space with a bunch of civilians.  Fury eventually had to ambush Tony at a donut shop because he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crack
BAMF JARVIS
Pre-Slash
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

