Work Text:
 It’s well-known that Tony Stark has a great ass.It’s appeared in tabloids, it has countless blogs dedicated to the curve of it, and he’s won Rear Of The Year a few times to get the message:Tony Stark has a great – no, phenomenal ass.But he didn’t really appreciate what it could do until he’s standing naked, facing away from the King of Wakanda as the man admires it bare for the first time. And then lavishes attention on it the whole night and even the next morning when Tony wakes up, pleasantly sore down where T’Challa is again lathing his tongue over his aching buttocks, digging his fingers into the bruises he had left and making Tony writhe.From then on, it’s the best experiment he’s ever run:Wear pants too tight? T’Challa won’t take his eyes off of him for even a second.Bend over obnoxiously? 11/10 times Tony will be dragged into an alcove and rimmed with a hand over his mouth until he was delirious.Shake his ass teasingly? The grip on his ass is unforgiving, holding it possessively and dragging it against him, the promise for what will occur later clear.That morning, however, Tony had wanted to see what other reactions he could pull from the composed man.It was a quiet breakfast at the Mansion – they’d relocated when the HQ became too much of a reminder of things past – and Tony was itching to shake things up. He was bored and T’Challa had been away for nine days – nine days – which was horrible, it was mathematically asymmetrical and that was terrible for his brain, and worse for his butt.Sure, he had Kingly duties to attend to, but as Ambassador to the Avengers, he was needed. In Tony’s bed. And Ass. Right now.So it was quiet, and Tony was never good with quiet. Though it was a good quiet: Avenger business was better, taking on whatever threats civilian police couldn’t handle – with the rise in Inhumans came anti-Inhuman groups, criminal Inhumans trying to make it big, Inhuman gangs and their wars, and the ATCU couldn’t deal with everything – they’d been called in to handle things quick. Once the truce was called and the world saw how much the Avengers were necessary together, they became a unit once again, to mediate and act against threats officials couldn’t make heads or tails of. With Maria at the helm of the ATCU and Steve and Tony co-running the team, Earth’s Mightiest Heroes were back in business.But it was so damn boring. T’Challa was gone and that was bad enough, but it seemed trouble decided to take a vacation with him and the Avengers were given a well-earned break. Which, for all the whining he’d done about taking a week off before, was the worst timing. With nothing to occupy his time (read: bed, wall, table, couch, bath), Tony found himself begging Pepper for work – and wasn’t that shocking for her (not that she didn’t take advantage) – or tinkering needlessly with the team’s tech (Bucky still wasn't sure about his arm having a rocket launcher in it) – or letting Rhodey, Nat or Steve literally drag him to team get-togethers because they were assholes who wouldn’t let him sulk.So when FRIDAY woke him up with a, “King T’Challa has returned, Boss, he is in the kitchen with the rest of the team,” Tony fucking flew.He could hear his team, several conversations at once filling the air, bringing a sense of fullness to the once cavernous mansion. Rhodey, Bucky and Sam were tearing into each other about the Major League, while Steve was explaining the sport to Thor (and no he couldn’t use Mjolnir if they ever played). Clint was telling Wanda about Nathaniel and Scott was explaining the concept of pranking to Vision – that wasn’t going to end well.And there, the deep rumble of T’Challa’s laugh as Natasha did a spot on imitation of…How flattering.“And the Oscar goes to…” Tony crowed as he slid into the kitchen, swiping the golden croissant from Rhodey’s plate – who shouted a hopeless “hey!” –  and throwing it at Natasha, who snatches it from the air and holds it close with a smirk, “Thank you for this honour,” before taking a bite, to Rhodey’s loud dismay. T’Challa was leaning on the counter next to her, his smile a melting warmth down Tony’s spine as he approached, running his eyes approvingly over the bespoke suit he’d arrived in, fresh off the plane from a delegatory meeting and not a single three-piece out of place.His man was perfect.“Hey Stark, forget your pants?” Bucky’s teasing voice interrupted Tony’s appreciation of his man and his impeccable style compared to Tony’s too-large shirt, bare legs and wild hair. Rude, but manageable. Tony winked at the brunette, as he reached T’Challa, running a hand over his front and pulling him down by his vest. “Maybe I invented invisible ones,” Tony answered before pressing his lips against T’Challa’s full ones, ignoring the groans of the team, Thor’s appreciative hum and Nat’s wolf-whistle. He could feel T’Challa’s smirk as Tony tried to deepen the kiss, tilting his head to bring them closer, taking his bottom lip between his and sucking, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
probably
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Dom/sub Undertones
Subspace
Anal Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Iron Panther
Domestic Avengers
because civil war can be resolved damn it

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

