Chapter 1: Prologue: Abduction
    




Chapter Text
A 17 year old with spider DNA, Spider-man leaped through the air above the city, performing award winning acrobatics prevented from falling thanks to his web shooters as he swung through the city like an urban Tarzan. 10:30 pm and he was expected at Avengers Tower to have movie night with the gang. He had managed to stop a few robberies and muggers in the two hours of his patrol. Now he was tired and ready to hang out with his favorite superhero group, watch movies that Steve Rogers (Captain America) had yet to see, and tease Clint Barton (Hawkeye, or as he was sometimes referred to as Birdbrain or Hawkass). He hoped that Tony Stark (Ironman) would have food for him, all this vigilanti-ing made him hungry.
Pausing in his travel, he landed on a roof, crouching with his muscles as a familiar tingle from his spider sense warned him of danger. His eyes shot from side to side, looking for the cause, but the almost painful blare of his internal alarm threw him off guard. At that instant electric whips swung out of nowhere and tightly wrapped him up, the pain impeding his super strength so he couldn't escape. He gritted his teeth so tightly, he thought that he would break his own jaw somehow.
“Not an easy guy to find, Mr. Parker.” A man in a black uniform remarked as he ventured from the shadows. He held himself with an intimidating air, the kind of air that spoke of someone familiar with killing. Above the warnings he was getting and the pulses of electricity throughout his body, he quipped, because of course he can't keep his mouth shut (even when he knows he should). “So is this a house call, or are you just another overzealous fan?”
The man in black's mouth twitched slightly in annoyance and before he knew it, a heavy hand came down backhanding his cheek painfully. “Motherhugger---!!!” Peter cursed under his breath. “This is not a social call, pest. This is all business.” Peter blinked back black dots in his eyes, zooming in on a familiar symbol on the leader guy's chest. Upon seeing it, rage bubbled up in him. “Hydra.” He spat the word out like it was poison. His reaction must have been amusing because the guy smiled at him. Freaking smiled.

'Oh yeah, not a good sign Peter,' he acknowledged inside his head with a bit of panic festering. “Yes, Mr, Parker and it just so happens that we have a good use for one in your... unique position.” Uh-uh. He remembered what Hydra did to Bucky, Steve's old friend who Hydra had turned into a heartless assassin called the Winter Solider. “Yeah.... I'm afraid I'll have to decline your invite to Snakes Anonymous. I'm already taken.” Another back hand to the face and he was cursing his mouth so much for daring to open, let alone spill words. “Suffice to say, it's not up to you.” The man cackled slightly, sending shivers down his spine.


'Oh hell no. I am 
so
 in hot water,' he panicked. He was not getting out of this easy. Maybe not at all, but he knew his chances were so much better with friends. He ground his teeth as he forced his arms to painful bends, his left hand tapping at the communicator on his wrist. Peter tried to be calm and nonchalant about it, but it seems the man in black did not enjoy his little 'Phone-a-friend' idea as the butt of a gun came crashing down on his temple. A yelp slipped past his lips briefly as he crumbled, unconscious on the rooftop. In the distance he could just make out the tower and a tear escaped his eyes as he silently prayed help would come. A prayer he knew his friend Matt Murdock would be proud he said.


As the unconscious form of Spider-man was dragged away, bound for places, horrible things, unknown, an emergency alarm rang from Avengers Tower to the honorary Avengers like Matt Murdock (Daredevil), Wade Wilson (Deadpool), and to Logan (Wolverine of the X-Men).
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
Dimension Travel
Alternate Universe
Human Experimentation
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Evil Organizations
Secret Identity
Secret Identity Fail
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Avengers

fandom: 
None
