Work Text:






Frosted Hearts




The one redeeming quality Janos Quested had, in addition to his uncanny ability to keep his mouth shut, was his appreciation of elegance and restraint. Aside from that one unfortunate purple jacket, the purchase of which Janos referred to as "a wild hair," his taste agreed with Emma's in almost every particular, right down to his belief that the website for Frosted Hearts should not cave to the cutesy pastel-and-computer-generated-generic-people design that characterized its competitors. Or, Janos had added with a shudder, the stock photographs of happy, nuzzling heterosexual and human-standard partners.He'd also agreed with Emma that the offices of Frosted Hearts should be more professional than soppy. This meant that, when Emma conducted screenings for potential clients, they waited for her in a room whose whiteness was relieved only by eggshell and taupe, and the Forbes magazines spread across a glass-topped coffee table. When she finally deigned to see them – assuming they passed the rigorous telepathic pre-inspection – it was in an office not much warmer, with silver-streaked marble floors and the chrome FROSTED HEARTS logo looming behind Emma's head."So, you seem to have done well for yourself.""Well enough," Emma said. "Mr. Stark."No one, of course, could ever accuse Tony Stark of being elegant or restrained. The goatee alone destroyed nearly any chance of that, Emma thought with a frown. The drunken shenanigans that had Stark's face plastered across nearly every city gossip magazine obliterated the rest.Still, money talked, and Tony's money spoke rather loudly and garishly, with the sort of accent Emma associated more with "back streets" than "Fifth Avenue." Which was why money alone was insufficient, and why the unspoken mission of Frosted Hearts was to help others – mostly mutants but the occasional qualified human – avoid the sort of miscalculation that had cost Emma five years of her life and a truly embarrassing amount of social capital.She preferred "miscalculation" to "error," as it sounded more like an error her GPS had made and not falling prey to an error made by telepaths in grade school: thinking you knew a person on first scan, and not bothering to look deeper. Four years later, Emma still couldn't say if the blow to her image or her pride had been harder to weather.While she was woolgathering, Tony was helping himself to the tablet she'd placed on her desk. He'd somehow navigated out of her list of five prospects for him and had gone, infuriatingly, for the rejects."What about him?" Tony held up the tablet so Emma could see the photo of a wholesome-looking young man with his Captain-America face and blue eyes."Oh, not him, sweetie," Emma told him. "If you got hold of him, America would lose one more slice of Mom's apple pie. He believes in truth, justice, and the American Way. For that matter," and here Emma gave thanks for her near-encyclopedic knowledge of her clients, "he does, in fact, teach American constitutional history at New York University. He's as wholesome as a bottle of unpasteurized milk. It would never work.""Oh, I don't know," Tony said, tracing a finger across the tablet's surface, a ridiculous smile sitting in the corner of his mouth. "Opposites attract and all that. Boy from the Midwest meets and falls in love with high-powered, big-city CEO? It happens in movies all the time.""Not this movie," Emma said firmly. "Can we please get back to the people I actually selected for you?""Or what about him?""Absolutely not." Emma allowed herself to flicker to diamond, just enough to remind Stark who he was dealing with – namely, a person who could crush his wrist into bone dust."Charles Xavier," Tony said musingly. Emma could see Charles's face in Tony's mind's eye, his mouth and eyes colored vividly by lust and appreciation, the ridiculous curl to his hair that Tony was imagining looked soft and fun to rumple up. "Now, he sounds right up my alley: casual relationship, bisexual, open to anything… That is a very, very nice alley, Miss Frost.""He's a telepath," Emma said coolly, "and I don't think your board would appreciate you having cocktails with someone who can read your engineering secrets like it's Fifty Shades of Whatever.""Hey, our engineering secrets are much better written." Tony winced. "Anyway, his file says he's a geneticist…. Ooooh, and he's loaded," that was not included in the base information Emma gave to clients, although she did screen for financial compatibility, which meant Tony had hacked into the service's database, "so it's not like he'd want to sell me out for money.""I doubt your board is going to see it that way. Now," Emma added a little snap to her voice, "before your time runs out and I have to see to my other clients, how about we go through the people I actually picked out for you?"Tony reluctantly agreed to this, and agreed to consider Emma's choices in more detail – as long as they were neither Steve Rogers no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw
Emma Frost/Astrid Bloom
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Mystique

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Social Commentary
Romantic Comedy
Romance
Dating
Miscommunication
Telepathy
Siblings
Charles You Will Be Drunk
Calm Down Erik
everyone is ridiculous
Fanart
Big Bang Challenge

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Emma Frost/Sebastian Shaw
Emma Frost/Astrid Bloom
Irene Adler (X-Men)/Mystique

