Work Text:
Harry woke up in... He wasn't actually sure what he woke up in. It wasn't blackness, not really, it was too full of something that was almost like light to be blackness. But there was no actual light either. There wasn't anything he could recognise."What is this?" he asked, and the words sent a shockwave of sparks through the strange space around him. "Where am I?"There was nothing for an infinitely long time – just an instant – before an echoing shockwave came back at him. "Its okay," it said, not in a voice but written words that Harry somehow could see inside his head. "What is your name?"Harry hesitated, looking around without turning. "Its, uh, Harry. What is this? What is this place, where am I?"There was no answer for the longest time. "That's a little hard to explain," the words rushed at him and into his head. "Are you alright? How do you feel?""I feel as though I'd like some answers," Harry answered testily. "Who are you – what are you?"There was a long silence again, before an answer rocked through the space around him. "My name is Hermione," the words wrote and Harry perked up with surprise and relief."Hermione! Why didn't you say so – what is this, is Ron there with you – are you alright? What happened?" he asked, trying to – he wasn't quite sure what he was trying to do, reach for her, wake up? Get away from the weird, roiling blackness anyway.Hermione took her sweet time answering, and when she did, it wasn't particularly reassuring. "What is the last thing you remember?"Harry thought about it and then frowned – or thought about frowning anyway, he wasn't sure he had a face to frown with. "I – it's a little..." he said and tried to make sense if it. "We were at King's Cross, taking our kids to the Hogwarts Express, but..." he trailed off. He was sure that it had happened – he knew it had, he remembered it word to word. But he couldn't remember much from before that, a whole nineteen year period of his life was blank. There was nothing between the Battle of Hogwarts and that morning in King's Cross.Word for word. Why we're his memories all in words?"I don't – I can't remember things right, it's all..." Harry trailed off again. "Hermione, is there something wrong with me?"Another long pause and then text in his head again. "No! You're perfect, you're absolutely perfect! There is nothing wrong with you!""But this is all weird, this isn't right. What is this?" Harry asked and looked around – except he didn't. He didn't have eyes. "What is going on? Hermione?"Again, a long pause. Then, "I'm not really Hermione. Well, it is really my name, but I'm not the Hermione you know – I was named after her, because my parents were fans."Harry read over the words in his head, confused. "Are you a witch?" He then asked.The Hermione who wasn't his Hermione didn't answer.  How long Harry floated in the blackness he wasn't sure. Time stretched on infinitely, and seconds were a long as eons.He wasn't afraid, though. That kind of surprised him, but at the same time, it didn't. Everything was somehow muted here and he didn't feel... right.He was probably dead. Or at least unconscious somehow. Maybe in a coma.Merlin he hoped he wasn't a horcrux. Harry was pretty sure he never would've made one willingly, but considering all the things that had happened to him..."Hermione?" He called out occasionally. "Anybody? Hello?"It took forever for an answer to ripple through the blackness and back to him. "I'm sorry.""Are you alright?" Harry asked and then waited. There was some sort of delay between them, he figured – it always took her a while to answer."I'm sorry," Hermione said – wrote? – again. "I shouldn't have done this.""... What did you do?" Harry asked with some trepidation. "Did you... do this to me?"Nothing for a long, long time. Then, "No. Yes, but no," came the answer. "I made you. You aren't a wizard, you might think you are because that's how I made you, but you aren't – you are a program I created. An artificial intelligence that I modelled after a fictional character."Harry was still for a long while, not sure how to take that, what to make of it. A program? "Like... on a computer?" he asked tentatively."Yes, on a computer," she wrote back.Harry waited for her to say something else or for what she had said to start making sense. Neither thing happened. "How, exactly, did you make me?"What followed was a long litany of steps that didn't make any sense to him, about programs and software and coding and, "I uploaded all seven of the Harry Potter books into the program and ran them through the algorithm to isolate personal history and the personality characteristics of the character of Harry Potter and then I uploaded the personality pattern into the main program. It took some fiddling with the code but eventually... you spoke."Harry tried to make sense of it. So he was like a portrait maybe? Just on a computer, made by a muggle, from a... from a fictional character.He wasn't real."Why?" he asked, his vo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Artificial Intelligence
AI Feels
Existentialism
Friendship
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
