Chapter 1: Can't Plan Life
    


Summary:

Natasha makes a very unexpected discovery.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The bathroom floor was a pretty good place to hide, Natasha discovered.
Clint walked all over their shared floor in Stark Tower, calling her name, even going out on the balcony before thinking to check the bathroom, and that was where he found her, sitting on the floor beside the toilet, a little strip of plastic between her hands.
"Tasha?" he said, then stopped short at the sight of her. "Babe, are you okay?  You're pale."
She could only imagine how she looked, based on how she felt.  She was nauseated and scared and shocked and probably white as a sheet.  Her hands were even shaking a little bit, all because of two lines on a test strip.
"Um," Clint said. "Is that what I think it is?"
In response, she wordlessly turned it around to show him the results, and he sank to his knees in front of her.  "Oh shit," he said, taking the test from her hand. "You're... you're pregnant?"
She heaved a huge sigh, resting her forehead on her knees where they were bent in front of her.  "Looks like it," she murmured.
"But... I don't understand.  How--"
"Well, when two people love each other very--"
"Tasha," he said, a little sharply, and she bit off the rest of her sarcastic reply.
"I don't know," she said softly. "This isn't... It's not supposed to happen.  I don't know."
She looked up to see him sit back against the other wall.  "Jesus," he said, swiping a hand over his face. "What do we do now?"
Putting her chin on her knees, she looked at the floor without really seeing it.  "I have no idea," she whispered, her eyes suddenly burning.
This was something she had never planned on, ever, not with the life she led.  She was still running missions for S.H.I.E.L.D. along with the Avengers stuff, and there was always a decent chance that either she or Clint wouldn't come back alive.  Nevermind that the missions themselves were hard on her body; there was no way she would be able to do even half of what a mission would require of her while pregnant.
It wasn't something she had ever expected, ever.  It was supposed to be impossible.
There's always a chance the test is wrong, a little voice in her head whispered, but she squashed that hope as soon as it surfaced.  She had taken the test because she already suspected it. Her period was late enough to make her really worry, she been exhausted lately, and for the past week or so, the smell of coffee had made her run for the bathroom.  She was hard-pressed to think of a pregnancy symptom worse than that.
After a long, silent moment, the shock faded from his expression, and he scooted across the floor to sit beside her, turning her face to his and kissing her with such tenderness that she thought her heart would stop.  "I have no idea what we should do," he murmured against her lips. "But we'll do it together."
The burning in her eyes turned to full-fledged tears, and despite hating to cry, even in front of him, she let him pull her into his arms.  He stroked her hair and rubbed her back and made soothing sounds until she had cried it out against his shoulder, and then he just held her while she stared at the wall.
"You okay?" he finally murmured.
"I'm scared out of my mind, Clint," she whispered in reply. "How about you?"
Clint took a deep breath.  "I'm... surprised.  Very surprised.  Actually, surprised isn't a strong enough word," he said with a little huff of a laugh. "And I'm scared, too.  But I'm also... this is weird.  I, uh... kinda love the idea that we made a baby together."
Natasha had to close her eyes because those words sent a strange jolt through her.  Underneath all of the fear and anxiety flooding her, she realized she was a little taken with that idea, too.  She loved Clint more than anything, more than she had ever been able to put into words, more than she had loved anyone else.  Before him, she had been alone.  She was still self-sufficient, but having Clint at her back was a comfort.  Before him, she had never felt a sense of family.
On days when she was exhausted with her life, she even entertained fantasies of having a normal life with him, with a white picket fence and a dog and 2.5 kids but they were just that: fantasies.  They were spies-turned-heroes, and making that transition had been hard enough.  She had never imagined that she could have the opportunity for anything normal in her life.
It was impossible, or it had been until she'd peed on a damn stick that morning and saw two blue lines.
She was happy with what she had with Clint, with being his partner and his lover, but the now-looming possibility that they could turn that into something more...  Well, it was intriguing.  She didn't know if a normal life would suit either of them, but the idea was provocative.
When she opened her eyes, it was to find Clint giving her a worried look.  "I didn't mean to upset you--" he started, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Established Relationship
Team as Family
Trust
Fluff
Angst
Schmoop
Pregnant Sex
Sexual Content
Non-Graphic Violence
Childbirth
Kid Fic
Babies
hold onto your feels

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts & Natasha Romanov

