Chapter 1: Flashbacks
    


Summary:




Previously:




Steve smiled wanly. "Technically speaking, you might be the closest thing I have - I named Bucky my next of kin way back in my day, so since you're his only living relative..."

—

Then Tony had to go antagonize a terrorist on international television, get himself blown up, and uncover the biggest military-industrial corruption scandal in American history.


"So I don't think I'll be able to make it," Steve concluded when he called John and Stiles.

—

"Listen," Steve said, knowing both John and Stiles were staring at the folded flag. "I...I appreciate this, I do. But I think there's a difference between holding onto the past and drowning in it - so you should keep it." Stiles opened his mouth, protest already in his eyes, and Steve added, "Or at least keep it safe for me."

—

Steve came back out to a text from John bemoaning stupid teenagers sneaking around the woods in the dark. He laughed at John's musings about hiring a babysitter again. Bucky would probably be proud of how much their own "little shit" streaks had passed on to the boys.




Notes:
This chapter has a lot of themes relating to terrorism, and lots of discussion of 9/11 and military conflict (and its impact on military families). If any of these are triggering for you, please skip the middle scene (after the first ~*~).




Chapter Text
The first thing Stiles learned from the SHIELD self-defense instructor was that he was useless. Well, more specifically, he was screwed if someone ever got close enough for him to need the self-defense in the first place.
"I don' know your stories, and I don' care," said Instructor Polkow. The Southern lilt in his accent did nothing to soften his words.
Stiles and four other people — three women and one older guy — stood in a loose semi-circle on the padded floor. Despite Stiles' expectations, they were clad in regular street attire. After all, it wasn't likely they were going to be attacked when they were conveniently in work-out clothes. "Dunno who you're here for, or why. All I know is that you're here today because someone at SHIELD loves you enough that you become a security risk if hurt. The reality is that if someone gets that close to you, you're fucked as it is. What I'm teaching you will only ever give you a chance, not guarantee your safety."
Stiles nodded, only slowing his head-bobbing when Polkow glared at him.
"Your first move should always be to try and run. Your goal is to incapacitate an attacker so that you can run, or to hold them off until someone else can help you. This is what to do to get away..."
The afternoon was full of pain and embarrassment as Polkow demonstrated on them and they practiced on each other. To Stiles' surprise, only half of it was things like how to actually get out of a hold. The other half was spent learning attackers' moves, both for partners to practice escaping them, and to better understand how to get out of them.
"Don' get any smart ideas about turning the tables on your assailant," Polkow said. Stiles groaned on the ground from where one of the other students had thrown him. "Your liability is that some'ne in SHIELD is worried about you getting hurt. So your goal is to avoid getting hurt at all costs." He looked pointedly at one of the women who seemed to have been coming here the longest. "All costs!"
The man came and stood right by Stiles.
"The secret to handling an opponent who is larger, stronger, or better trained than you," Polkow continued, making eye contact with all of them. "Is leverage."
Then he reached down and helped Stiles up, because he wasn't nearly as much of a dick as he acted.
Despite the world of hurt Stiles was in for every weekend, Stiles liked the class. Even still bearing a small bruise from a landing gone wrong from the first class, Stiles all but bounced into the his second one. Afterwards, he screwed up his courage and asked Polkow, "Do you have any other self-defense classes I can join?"
Polkow narrowed his eyes at Stiles. "Why the interest?" he asked.
"I like learning this stuff," Stiles said. "And, um..." Stiles swallowed, because even within SHIELD, his relationship to Captain America was best kept as quiet as possible. "I'm not only threatened through my SHIELD family member — though he's important. My dad's a cop — sheriff, actually — so I could use all the help I can get."
"And your local police don't have self-defense classes of their own?" Polkow challenged.
"Uh, well — sometimes," Stiles said. "Workshops and stuff. But those aren't — regular, like here." Not to mention those cost money.
Polkow pursed his lips. "We have a lot of people to look after, and not many people to look after them, kid."
Stiles sighed, having expected something like that. With a shrug and setting down his water-bottle, he said, "Worth a shot."
He said as much to Steve later that day, when musing about trying to join some local martial arts thing. There was some dojo around that taught taekwon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
Derek Hale & Stiles Stilinski
pre-Sterek
Derek Hale & Scott McCall
Derek Hale & Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
past Steve/Bucky
Primary Relationship is Sciles BROTP
QPR Stucky
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
pre-stucky - Relationship
Temporary or Background Stiles/Erica
Temporary or Background Stiles/Lydia
Temporary or Background Scott/Allison

freeform: 
Military Backstory
Military Family
The Mandarin - Freeform
Iron Man - Freeform
Jewish Stiles Stilinski
9/11
Terrorism
History
Family Feels
Stilinski Family Feels
SHIELD
Emissary Stiles Stilinski
Scott McCall is a Good Friend
Pack Feels
Panic Attacks
Alpha Derek Hale
True Alpha Scott McCall
Underage Drinking
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/Referenced Domestic Violence
Stiles/Derek But NOT Sterek
Not Sterek Fandom
RPF (Reference) - Barack Obama

fandom: 
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
Derek Hale & Stiles Stilinski
pre-Sterek
Derek Hale & Scott McCall
Derek Hale & Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski
past Steve/Bucky
Primary Relationship is Sciles BROTP
QPR Stucky
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
pre-stucky - Relationship
Temporary or Background Stiles/Erica
Temporary or Background Stiles/Lydia
Temporary or Background Scott/Allison

