Chapter 1: Hello, Hello
    




Chapter Text
Darcy loves New York City.  She loves the lights, the noise, the crowds, museums, theaters, parks, restaurants, the fact that you can get delivery day or night, the history, the architecture, and even the weirdos she inevitably encounters on the subway.  There isn’t anything quite like New York City during the holidays, and she loves every second of the Big Apple in the autumn when the leaves bloom in all their vibrant, colorful glory and there is a chill in the air.  The only downside to living in New York City aside from the cost of living – heat waves.  Damn it all, she hates heat waves with a fiery passion, and the concrete jungle is currently in the middle of one of the hottest summers on record.  She adjusts the straps of her camera bag and purse on her shoulder, feeling more beads of sweat slick down her back and between her boobs, making her t-shirt stick uncomfortably to her skin.  Rounding the corner onto her street, she almost cries in relief when she sees her building.  Darcy can practically hear the sweet, sweet siren song of air conditioning calling her name.  Her phone rings and she grumbles before fishing it out of her pocket, her mood improving marginally when she sees Jane’s name and face on the display. “’Sup, genius?” Darcy greets.  “Taking a break from science already?  It’s barely 4:00.” “It’s too hot to think,” Jane answers.  “Pfft.  You work at Stark and it’s probably a crisp 68 degrees inside.  I don’t want to hear it.” “I went out for food and I thought my insides were going to combust.  I’m waiting on my body to regulate,” Jane whines.  “Look, pal, I’ve been hoofing it for twenty blocks and I have sweat everydamnwhere.  I most definitely win the ‘who is more miserable in the heat’ contest.”  Darcy starts up the steps to her building and notices that the front door is wide open.  “Great,” she mumbles.  “Some dillhole left the front door open letting God knows who into my building.  I hate this fucking city!” Jane snorts.  “No, you don’t.  I had to talk you out of getting the ‘I heart NY’ tattoo, remember?” “Ugh, why do my drunken decisions always come back to haunt me?  And anyway, I motherfucking do hate this city today,” she argues, trudging up the stairs towards her apartment. “Speaking of drunk, do you want to go out tonight?”  Jane asks. “Are you high, Jane?” Darcy yelps, rolling her eyes even though her friend can’t see.  She fumbles through her purse until her fingers make purchase with her keys.  “It’s hotter than Satan’s taint outside and the only thing I want to do is strip every last sweaty piece of clothing off of my body and lay buck ass naked directly in front of the AC vent with a cold beer in hand.”  Someone behind her laughs and her hand freezes on the doorknob.  Darcy glances over her shoulder and sees two of the hottest men she’s ever seen in her whole entire life – and she’s met Thor for Christ’s sake – and a little part of her wants to die because she knows without a doubt her makeup has long since sweated off and she looks terrible.  Her face flushes even hotter and she manages a half-hearted “Let me call you back” before she ends the call.  She could very easily just duck into her apartment and meet the new neighbors later after she’s showered and is wearing makeup again.  But she’s no coward and she really should try and scope out these guys to see if they’re total freak shows or what.  She turns slowly and folds her arms across her chest, mostly to cover up the sweat marks on her shirt.     “You paint quite the vivid picture,” the dark-haired man grins.  The taller blond behind him looks a little embarrassed, if the blush blooming on his cheeks is any indication, but it’s fucking cute regardless.  Darcy pushes her sunglasses to the top of her head and quirks up an eyebrow at both of them.  Part of her wishes she could just stare at both men for a while because they are ridiculously attractive, but that would be creepy.  The dark-haired man is smirking at her and she’s sure that look has raked in a ton of ass over the years.  “Yeah.  You should hear my limericks,” she deadpans.  “I really get creative around St. Paddy’s Day.”  He laughs again and she sees the corner of the other man’s mouth tick up.  “You’ve got quite the neighbor, Steve,” the man says, elbowing his friend in the ribs.  “I’m James, by the way.  My friends call me Bucky.”  He reaches his hand out to shake hers and winks.  Darcy takes his proffered hand and smirks back.  “James.”     “That hurts, doll,” Bucky teases. “You’ll survive, I’m sure,” Darcy counters drily.  She looks to the taller man – Steve – and smiles politely.  “So, you’re my new neighbor?” Steve nods and steps forward, offering her his hand.  “Steve Rogers, ma’am.” “Ma’am?” Darcy snorts, taking his hand and shaking it.  “Oh, honey, no.  That makes me feel ninety.  Darcy is fine.”  He is positively adorable the way he bashfully looks down at his shoes, still holding her hand, color fl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friendship/Love
Fluff and Smut
Friendship

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

