Chapter 1: Found
    




Chapter Text
The orphanage was packed with children of all ages, from teenagers to tiny babies, and also with perspective parents who were touring and interviewing, having jumped through the hoops to get to that point. Clint looked around a bit uneasily while his husband Phil stood next to him, as stoic as ever.“How are we supposed to know which one is supposed to be ours?” asked Clint, jumping out of the way as three girls ran by shrieking in glee as they chased each other around the room.“We are supposed to be taking this time to get to know them,” said Phil. “We won’t know who we will adopt right away, we actually need to get to know them first.”“Okay,” said Clint. “So, divide and conquer?”Before Phil could protest, Clint had wandered off into the crowds, leaving Phil standing alone in the hall. Rather than look like a creepy, unapproachable adult, Phil headed to one of the play rooms. He quietly sat down on one of the smaller chairs and tried to think of how to approach the children who kept moving around. It was going to be impossible.“Tommy would be a good choice,” said a small voice near Phil’s elbow.Phil looked down to see a little boy about 5 years old settling down next to him with paper and a black pen. The kid had a messy mop of brown hair and didn’t bother looking at Phil as he set to work.“Which one is Tommy?” asked Phil, unsure of what else to say.“He’s seven years old, the one with the blonde hair and blue eyes who looks like Captain America only smaller,” replied the kid, still not looking up from his paper. “He’s pretty nice. Fast. Like’s sports. Your husband looks like he’s a sport guy.”“What’s your name?” asked Phil.“I’m Anthony but everyone calls me Tony,” replied the boy. “How old are you?” asked Phil. “I’m five. I’m difficult, that’s why people keep returning me. Tommy’s not difficult, though. Neither is Henry. Or if you’re looking for a girl you could go for Nancy. Oh, or Marie! Marie is nice. And she can jump rope a hundred times without messing up.”“That’s very nice.”Tony nodded and continued drawing, humming to himself. Phil talked to a few of the other children and even went to the rug to help some of them put together a puzzle. By the time he was finished, Tony had moved away from the table and disappeared.“Hey short stuff,” said Clint, plopping down next to Tony who had moved to sit on the porch outside after Phil had gone to help Sophia and Ryan with the puzzle. “What are you doing?”“Nothing,” said Tony with a shrug. “Why aren’t you playing with the other kids out there?” asked Clint, nodding his head towards the basketball game going on between all ages.“I knew you were a sports guy,” said Tony with a grin. “I told your husband that you would like Tommy because he’s good at sports.”“Oh, you met my husband Phil?”“Yes. He looked a little scared of the kids, so I sat next to him and gave him some ideas of who to talk to first. He’s less scared now and helping Sophia and Ryan with a puzzle.”“I see.”“Yup.”They sat in silence for a time. “So,” said Clint, shifting awkwardly in his spot. “Do you want to get adopted?”Instantly Clint cringed – of course the kid wanted to get adopted, every kid wanted to get adopted. He had wanted to get adopted but hadn’t been which was why he was so intent on adopting kids with Phil.“No thank you,” said Tony simply, breaking Clint’s thoughts. “Why not?”“Because I’m difficult,” said Tony as though it was the most obvious thing in the world. “That’s why people keep returning me. They never return the other kids. I’ve already been returned six times. Now I help parents find kids they will want to keep forever.”Clint was going to say something, reassure the poor kid that he would find his forever family someday, but at that moment Phil stepped out of the back door.“There you are,” said Phil, spotting Clint sitting with Tony. “Ah, I see you met Tony. Hi Tony, remember me?”“Yes, Phil,” said Tony, rolling his little eyes. “Did you talk to Tommy yet? He’s really nice.” “Yes, I talked to him,” said Phil. “Now Tony, do you mind if I steal Clint away for a minute? I need to talk to him privately.”“Okay,” said Tony. “Have fun.”With that, the five year old got up and wandered back into the house. Phil sat down next to Clint and together they looked out at the games being played in the yard by the children.“I spoke with the director,” said Phil. “I’ve already set up a time to come back and meet with some of the kids again. I talked to that Tommy boy that Tony suggested. Sweet kid. Have you met him?”“I want Tony,” said Clint.“Oh thank goodness,” said Phil with a smile. “I do too, I just didn’t want to push the issue. We just started looking, after all.”“Yes, but that one is ours,” said Clint. “The only problem is that Tony doesn’t want to be adopted. He told me.”“We’ll talk to the director, find out his story,” said Phil reassuringly. “It’s a long process, maybe we can convince Tony to be a part of our family.”Together Phil and Clint sought
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Adoption
Kid Tony Stark
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Nightmares
Cuddling & Snuggling
Orphanage
Car Accidents
Past Character Death
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Phil Coulson

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

