Work Text:
"Hey, Pep," Tony says awkwardly when she answers the phone. He's never called her private line before; she's generally always available via her company mobile. But he's trying to make a statement here. "How're you?""Tony?" She sounds surprised, but not annoyed. "I'm good, thanks. What about you? When did you get back?""Uh, just now." Tony leans over on the bed to peer through the open door of his wardrobe, where Loki is unpacking his- oh, who is he kidding, their bag. He isn't surprised about the amount of stuff – mostly clothes, mostly leather, hmm, good – that comes out of it, but he is wondering when Loki managed to put all of it in. Tony was there when they packed – well, when Loki packed, he insists on handling the bag personally. Probably he worries about Tony climbing inside to check all that mysterious extra space out, which, admittedly, not that far-fetched. He really wants to know how it works. "I thought maybe we could meet up, talk. Or something."Pepper hesitates for a moment; Tony may or may not hold his breath for it. "Yes. We could do that. Yes. When?""Whenever? I can do whenever." Maybe that was too eager, but Tony doesn't give a damn. Until now he was busy enough to be able to avoid thinking about the discord between him and Pepper, but things calmed down considerably since the trial two days ago. Left abruptly without anything big to worry about – not Loki, not Odin, not the Chitauri, Thanos, Jötunheimr, not anything, and wow, that shouldn't feel so weird – he'd had more than enough time to remember the other stuff that was yet unfinished. Such as his fight with Pepper, or the continuing tension between him and Rhodey, or SHIELD. He doesn't really remember having gotten into a fight with SHIELD lately but he's sure there must be something they're pissed at each other about. Also, other stuff. He and Loki got married and there's bound to be some fall-out once the public find out and they're bound to, sooner rather than later. Privacy and Tony Stark do not have a close relationship."Okay," Pepper says. "It's Sunday. Want to meet for coffee later? Around three?""Sure, great," Tony babbles. "I can do that, yes. Where?""Wherever your custom coffee machine is," she replies, dryly amused. "Otherwise you'll just whine that yours is way better."Yeah, okay, that's true. But seriously, his machine and his coffee are perfect and individual and the best of the best. "The tower, then.""Okay, see you then," Pepper says and hangs up."Did she sound annoyed to you?" Tony immediately asks. "She sounded annoyed, didn't she?""Sir," JARVIS says very dryly. "Please rethink the last seven seconds and then tell me what you wish for me to do."Tony does and then nearly throws himself off the bed in humiliation. He sounded like a teenager fretting about his crush. What does that even mean, see you later? Dear god. "Delete from memory.""I thought as much," JARVIS has the audacity to say, making Tony grin wildly. Sassy bastard.Letting himself fall back on the bed, Tony stretches his arms over his head. "I love you, Jarv.""Should I be jealous?" Loki asks pointedly from the doorway."Nah." Rolling to his side and reaching out, Tony takes Loki's hand and pulls him onto the bed with him. "Even if JARVIS had a body, there'd be all sorts of weird connotations because I played a big part in his creation and all that."Loki raises an eyebrow and leans over to kiss Tony. "Just a big part? Who did the rest?""Why, JARVIS, of course." Tony copies Loki's expression and raises an eyebrow. He also reaches out and palms Loki's ass, because it's within reach and delicious and who wouldn't touch it frequently if they could? "Once he existed, he of course had a huge input in any changes made to his programming.""That does make sense," Loki murmurs against Tony's mouth.Tony hums, not interested in discussing this any further right now, and tilts his chin up, turning the lazy slide of their lips into more of a kiss. Immediately, Loki opens his mouth to his probing tongue, shifting further on top of him and cupping Tony's face with one hand. Just when things are about to heat up properly there's a knock on the door."Mr. Rogers for you, sir," JARVIS announces.With a regretful groan Tony wrenches his mouth from Loki's and whines. "What does he want?"Instead of replying, JARVIS activates the intercom and Steve's voice fills the room. "Tony? Can you hear me?""Yeah, Steve, hey. What's up?" Lust-addled thoughts slowly clearing, Tony slides his fingers into Loki's hair and grimaces. There probably won't be any funtimes now."JARVIS told us you're back, how did it go?" Steve asks and yeah, Tony was right. So much for that.After sharing a resigned look with his husband, Tony pecks Loki on the lips and then they both get up. Tony opens the bedroom door and smiles at Steve. "Hey. Everything's good. How've you been?"Flushing a little, Steve ducks his head. "Er, good. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt."Tony doesn't get it; he frowns and is about 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Loki & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Team Feels
Domestic
Misunderstandings
Oblivious Tony
Male-Female Friendship

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Loki & Pepper Potts

