Work Text:

Louis is fed up with literally everything today. When picturing his frustration he sees it as tall and broad as the motherfucking Oscorp building. It seems to be encompassing his mind and body, a constant headache he can’t seem to get away from. He’s had this weird feeling growing in the pit of his stomach all day, a chill on the back of his neck. A weird consistent feeling like someone’s watching him, not to mention he’s almost broken his neck from whiplash with all the times he’s looked over his shoulder. 

Recently, there’s been this 

thing

 that’s been making him hurt people, hypnotizing him to hurt innocent civilians. When it happens he feels like he has no control over his body; his hands won’t follow what his brain is telling them to do and the worst part is that Louis has no idea who or 

what 

is causing it.

So, when Deadpool suddenly drops in on one of Louis’ memorable thought provoking sessions while he’s laying on a roof, it’s not unwarranted that Louis’ eyes narrow and suspicion creeps into him. He immediately webs up Deadpool’s face, going straight into attack mode. There’s no second chances with Deadpool, if he gets the upperhand Louis will have to succumb to it. There’s no chance in hell that Louis’ going to let that happen.

Louis hops up from where he’s lying down and looks around, searching for various things that he can hit Deadpool with if need be. His spider sense are on high alert, trying to figure out if he’s in any immediate danger. Louis can’t rule out the fact that this might be a ploy to distract him from a much bigger problem.

“What do you want from me?” Louis asks, stalking around him, like two wrestlers in a match. Deadpool reaches for something in his back and Louis immediately starts running towards him. He gains momentum with each step before planting an uppercut kick straight to Deadpool’s jaw. 
Deadpool stumbles and drops whatever it was that he was holding, favoring to place his hand on his jaw and massaging the ache that Louis most certainly put there. Louis gets back into fighting stance, not letting up for anybody. Especially Deadpool.
“Oh baby, you know I like it rough.” Louis can’t really see it through his mask, but he feels the smirk anyway. He has no qualms in walking up to Deadpool and kneeing him right in his crotch, he did say he liked it rough. It seems almost robotic, a thoughtless thing to knee Deadpool in the balls for making a  crude joke.  

Deadpool keels over, falling to his knees. “Fuck, you know I need those for when we make our perfect superhuman mutant babies.” He whines, voice gone high, like a prepubescent boy who’s balls haven’t quite dropped yet.

“How do I know it’s really you?” Louis asks, his forehead creasing on it’s own accord. It’s a thing that happens when he’s nervous. It’s just Deadpool’s done this shit before, even if he ended up on Louis’ side at the end of it all. He’s still a mercenary, thirsty for any job that comes to him. Louis doesn’t trust him. He wouldn’t even trust him to watch over the plants in his apartment if he left for a week, Louis would probably return to his whole building burned down.

“Can’t you recognize me by my telling wit?” He’s still on his knees in front of Louis, and when Louis realizes the position they’re in he quickly takes a couple steps back. He really doesn’t need to give Deadpool anymore obvious innuendos.

“Don’t fuck with me, I’m not in the mood.” Louis’ got the urge to punch him in the face, but he knows deep down that if anything it’ll just add fuel to his innuendo fire.

“You know I only fuck you, not 

with

 you. There’s a difference. It’s slight but still there.” He’s joking, but it’s sincere in a way that only Deadpool could make it. It gives Louis a strange mix of emotions, his body doesn’t know whether to fill with butterflies or to knee Deadpool in the balls again for insinuating them fucking.

Louis stands in indignation, he doesn’t have time for Harry’s quips. He’s got to find this villain before they strike again and Louis hurts someone else. He can’t risk it and trust that this is actually the real Deadpool. He could be a fake, or he could be working with the bad guy. Louis will be able to read him better with his mask off.

“Alright, if you really wanna see this ugly mug that bad all you had to do was ask, Spidey.” Louis holds his breath. Harry takes his mask off in what seems to be slow motion as if there was a movie set around him, filming his every movement. Louis can’t help but roll his eyes.


“Harry,” It’s not the first time he’s taken his mask off in front of him, but Harry still takes Louis’ breath away. If only he didn’t have his whole blood-hungry, vicious, mercenary thing going on with him Louis might not have kicked him out all those months ago. But Louis knows the real Harry, and he knows that he’s never serious when he makes innuendos at or about Louis. He knows that his talk of commitment is just that, 

talk

. It’s all for the invisible film set he’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Styles/Louis Tomlinson

freeform: 
Harry is Deadpool
louis is spider-man
Smut
Angst
Past Relationship(s)
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Violence
Alternate Universe
Marvel Universe
Spideypool - Freeform

fandom: 
Harry Styles/Louis Tomlinson

