Chapter 1: Beginnings Always Seem So Innocent
    




Chapter Text
‘There are my friends!’ Clint called from the porch of his farmhouse, leaning on a beam just next to the steps. ‘And Stark.’‘You think you’re offending me, but you’re really not,’ Tony sniffed disdainfully as he looked at his Porsche that was now extremely dusty from the forty mile drive on dirt road. Lowering his sunglasses briefly to examine the damage better, he pushed them back on his nose before leaning back to take in Clint’s home with his usual over-exaggerated movements. ‘The less association I have with you and this disaster you call a house, the better for my reputation.’‘I wouldn’t worry too much,’ Natasha slung a canvas bag over her shoulder, brushing past the billionaire. ‘The boat on your good reputation has long sailed.’He waggled his eyebrows at her. ‘Who says I was referring to my good reputation?’She was tempted to punch him in the shoulder, but Bruce was close by, grabbing his duffel bag out of the trunk of the Porsche, so she decided not to.Clint saw her self-restraint too. As she jogged up the steps to give him a hug, he whispered in her ear. ‘So, how goes the “Operation: Charm Bruce with My Loving and Gentle Nature” going?’She pulled back to smile over-sweetly at him. ‘Be grateful it’s in full swing otherwise you’d be finding it a lot harder to breathe right now.’Clint nodded seriously, gulping. ‘Duly noted.’The archer’s whole demeanour soon lightened though as soon as Bruce started towards the house. ‘Doc!’ He called warmly, jumping down the steps and wrapped his strong arms around Bruce’s waist, actually lifting the smaller man off the ground.Bruce laughed out in shock, automatically bringing his arms around Clint’s neck to secure himself better. ‘Nice to see you too, Clint,’ he grinned, not too put out by being man-handled by the archer.Outside of Tony, Clint was the one most physical with him so the physicist had gotten quite used to it. Besides, it had become a bit of a thing between Clint and Tony that whenever they hugged Bruce they lifted him off the ground. It had started ever since Bruce came back and the smaller guy seemed helpless to do anything but accept it with as much grace as a grown man being lifted with every chance possible could.Clint grinned back, usually steely grey eyes warm as he set the physicist back on his feet, giving his wild curls a ruffle, which did gain him a shove and furious blush.‘You really should be used to that by now,’ the archer laughed, causing Bruce to roll his eyes good-naturedly.‘I’m not three, Clint,’ he retorted. ‘I prefer not to have my hair ruffled like a kid that’s just done well at baseball.’Clint snorted. ‘I’m ruffling you’re hair like a kid that just won the science fair. There’s a difference.’Bruce simply smirked at the archer’s sense of humour and shook his head in defeat, rolling his eyes to the air. His gaze landed on Natasha as she stood on the porch watching the interaction and his smile became quite a bit shyer, but no less affectionate.Natasha returned it with a quirk of her lips, by now, used to the flutter in her chest whenever Bruce looked at her like that. It was no less exhilarating, but just didn’t shock her anymore that her body reacted to him that way.Natasha remembered clearly how she reacted the day he walked back in the communal lounge room, almost two months since the Sokovia incident. She had been training the second Avengers team to be a secondary back-up to the main crew so the original Avengers had a bit more free time than before. The second team would take those missions that were above the normal person’s pay-grade, but still less than the first Avengers team. It made holidays much more frequent.She’d just gotten back to the now dubbed Avengers Tower, tossed her bag on the floor and was sitting on the L lounge suite, iced tea in hand when Tony came flying in, a little manic, showing he hadn’t been sleeping again.He paused when he saw her, chestnut brown eyes actually a lot happier than she’d seen him since Bruce left and a dazzling smile lit up his face, not the false one he used when it was time to smile for cameras.‘Do you know if we have any green tea left? You know, that blueberry junk that Bruce loves?’Natasha stiffened at the mention of the physicist’s name. Initially, she used to stiffen from anger. It had become guilt the day Tony came out of his lab and threw a pillow at her head, not more than a week since Bruce disappeared. The damn idiot had caught her off-guard too, hitting her right in the forehead.‘What the hell, Stark?’ She’d growled, already looking for something to throw back at him.She had stopped dead in her tracks though when he came right up to her, eyes burning with that fury, which made smart people sit up and watch out. And she was a smart person.‘You pushed him?’ He hissed and as he got closer, she could see he was actually shaking.Her mind immediately concluded what he was talking about. ‘He thought he was going to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Feels
Kid Fic
Kid Bruce Banner
Kid Bruce
little bruce
Baby Bruce
Bruce Feels
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Bruce Banner Feels
Bruce Banner Angst
Bruce Has Issues
Bruce Needs a Hug
Poor Bruce
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Angst
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Has Issues
Daddy Tony
Big Brother Tony
Brotherly Love
Brotherly Affection
Brotherly Bonding
Natasha-centric
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Protectiveness
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Tony
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Natasha
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Steve
Protective Clint
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Thor
Daddy Clint
Siblings
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Protective Siblings
Sibling Bonding
Clint Barton's Farm
Natasha Feels
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Awesome Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Fierce Tony
Fierce Tony Stark
Capable Tony
Capable Tony Stark
Fierce Natasha
Fierce Natasha Romanov
Capable Natasha
Brian Banner's A+ Parenting
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Spoilers
Protective Avengers
Kid Avengers
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged Bruce
Family Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Platonic Relationships
Platonic Cuddling
Hugs
Tony Stark Cuddles
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Adorable Bruce Banner
Adorable Bruce
Adorable Tony Stark
Adorable Tony
Poor Bruce Banner
Science Bros
Insecure Tony
Insecure Tony Stark
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Feels
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Fatherly Steve Rogers
Daddy Steve
Steve feels like a Father to the Team
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Whump
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Thor Is Not Stupid
Thor Feels
Flashbacks
Flashbacks of
Kid Thor
Kid Loki
Kid Loki and Kid Thor
Thor Is a Good Bro
Clint Is a Good Bro
Flashbacks of Kid Tony and Aunty Peggy
Kid Tony Stark
Kid Tony
Awesome Peggy Carter
Aunt Peggy Carter
Awesome Peggy
Insecurity
Self Confidence Issues

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

