Work Text:
Natasha is six years old and solemnly watching the other girls play. They sometimes involve her in their games, but they are wary of her, picking up on the wariness of the adults around them. All the children here are the children of high-ranking Party officials, but she is different. Any new child who makes the mistake of asking about her parents is silenced by the teachers, made to understand that this is not something that they may speak of.(They whisper sometimes in the playground though. They say her father is Comrade Stalin himself, that this can be the only reason for such secrecy.)A black limousine stops outside the playground, and two men in suits get out. All the children stop playing, and huddle together, waiting to see who they have come for.When men in suits come to take children away, they sometimes do not come back. And if they do not come back, then they cannot be spoken of again, as if they never existed.The men head straight for Natasha, ask her to come with them, and lead her back to the car. As they walk back the children start to play again, relieved that the men did not come for them. But the men in suits come for Natasha most often, and so she does not fear them. Sometimes they take her to the clinic, where men in white coats perform tests on her. The tests are sometimes painful and always boring, but she has been having them as long as she can remember, and simply accepts them.Sometimes they take her to see her father. She hopes this is where they are going now.They do not take the road to the clinic, but keep on driving. She smiles to herself, and hugs her ragdoll. She is going to see her papa.Finally, after driving and endless concrete corridors and lifts, they open a door and her papa is there, beaming at her. He picks her up and hugs her, then twirls her around his head as she screams with delight. He hugs her again and asks, "So how is my beautiful daughter? Are you learning lots at school?""Yes papa. You have a new arm." She is already twisting round to roll up the sleeve of the mechanical arm holding her. Her father laughs, and holds her in the other arm so she can get a good look at it."See there, on the shoulder? They put a red star on it. Do you like it?"She inspects the arm with complete seriousness, bending the joints and tapping on it, then nods. Her father smiles and sits down, putting her on his lap."You still haven't told me what you have been doing since I saw you last. Apart from growing, again."She happily rambles about everything from arithmetic to food to who talks in their sleep in the dormitory. Her father is suitably interested, or amused, or pretend-angry. She doesn't ask what he does, knows that this is something they cannot talk about.There is a knock at the door, and an officer in uniform sticks his head into the room. "You have ten minutes, comrade."Suddenly all the levity is gone. Her father looks her in the eyes and says, "Natasha, I need you to listen to me. There are people who would hurt you because they hate me. So we need to keep you safe. We are going to make you go to sleep for a long time here, so you will be safe from them."All she can think of is that this will be just another dormitory. She looks at her ragdoll. "Can I bring Sveta?"Her father smiles. "Of course. Now, come and see where you will sleep."It is nothing like the dormitory. It is full of wires and machines and men in white coats, and two boxes which look like refrigerators which have been tipped back to lie at an angle. She hesitates on the threshold of the room, so her father picks her up again. He shows her the first of the two boxes and says, "When they do not need me for work, they send me to sleep here. Efficiency for the state, little one. The door is shut, but there is a window so you can see out before you go to sleep."The inside of the refrigerator-box is padded, and looks at least as comfortable as her bed. Her father takes her over to the other box. "This will be yours. See, they have made a ledge so you do not slip all the way down."She is scared, and for all her father is being reassuring, she can tell that he is not happy with the situation either. But she realises that she is expected to be brave, so she just says "I won't be able to sleep, it's too loud." It is loud, a constant electrical hum overlain with whirrs and clicks."The box makes you go to sleep, even with the noise."One of the men in the white coats says, "Time comrade."She wants to run, wants to cry, but she will be brave. Her father hugs her so tight that it hurts and kisses her on her forehead before putting her into the box. He smooths the hair away from her face and says "You are the bravest person I have ever met, little one. Now close your eyes, and the machine will send you to sleep."She nods, hugs her doll close and closes her eyes. Feels her father's hand leave her head, and then the horrible clang of the door of the box being shut. She wants to open her eyes, to try and get out, but he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Unconventional Families
Alternate Universe
Mpreg

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

