Chapter 1: Baby, It's Gonna Be All Right
    




Chapter Text
Steve could not get drunk, at least on alcohol found on Earth. However, alcohol from Asgard, after a couple of rounds, that started to have an effect. Not even Captain America could stomach what a god could. So, that was how at a party Tony was hosting, Steve ended up well and truly wasted. But the worst thing was, when one of Tony’s guests started coming onto him and in his drunken state; Steve was unable to tell the weirdo to piss off.“Didn’t know Captain America could get drunk,” the man commented, he had dark eyes and a dangerous smile, typical charmer, the type that people dream about during high school and then turn away once out of that puberty ridden mind.“Can’t,” Steve slurred, pushing the man away from him. He’d somehow managed to back him into a corner and he couldn’t breathe.“C’mon pretty man like you,” the man purred, “wanna see what’s underneath that shirt of yours. Bet you’re really kinky, like someone to toss you around, mess you up, eh?”“No,” Steve shook his head, dazed eyes searching for a familiar face to get this man away from him, but he couldn’t spot anyone in the haze of bright lights, loud music and the smell of alcohol. He needed to get out of here.“C’mon sweet cheeks, just come over and we’ll –“Didn’t you hear what he said?” someone yelled, yanking the man away from Steve. Breathless and gasping, Steve slid to the floor trying to ground himself – he hadn’t known he’d been so worked up.“C’mon, I was only –“What? Huh? Gonna take advantage of him? Of another human being?” the new voice shouted angrily, but familiar, usually the one that lulled Steve to sleep, that murmured sweet praises and held him close as they made love at midnight…Bucky.“I said, get out,” Bucky growled, “get out of here, away from him. He’s my husband, or did you fail to see the ring on his finger and the fact that he was struggling and had clearly said, no?”Steve tried to reach out for Bucky but couldn’t quite reach him, “Buck…”The weird man was still there, well until Bucky punched him across the jaw and he scrambled away from the furious Avenger. Bucky knelt in front of Steve and cupped his face.“Hey, hey, baby,” Bucky said softly, eyes light and gentle again, “it’s me. I’m here now, ‘m here now, baby doll. I’ve got you, sweetheart.”Steve nodded numbly and leaned forwards, allowing Bucky to gather him up in his arms and hug him close, “missed you.”“Oh, I know,” Bucky smiled into Steve’s soft golden blond hair, “I missed you too, darlin’. Stevie, how much did you drink?”Steve shrugged, swaying on his feet when Bucky stood them both up, “…a lot.”Bucky grimaced but then smiled at Steve as to not worry him, “okay, that’s all right baby. Where is Tony, or Sam?”Steve shrugged again, eyes drooping, “Sam…didn’t come. Tony disappeared.”“Okay, okay, baby you’re doing so well,” Bucky praised, cupping Steve’s face to steady him, “just tell me one more thing, okay? Did that fucker hurt you? Did he touch you?”Steve shook his head, “no…didn’t hurt me, or touch me, just kept talkin’, kept standin’ too close.”Bucky let out a relieved sigh and hugged Steve, “okay, it’s all right now. He’s gone now. I’m here, all right?”Steve nodded, soft in Bucky’s arms. Whenever Steve was drunk (which had only ever happened one other time and Bucky was there to look after him), his inhibitions lowered. The serum helped to keep sickness and headaches at bay, but when Thor’s liquor was taken by Steve, it was as if Steve slipped into another world. A lot like when he had an adrenaline crash, or when making love, except usually subspace is a place Steve loved, however, this is something entirely different.This place is not somewhere to be when Bucky wasn’t around.Slipping far away, whilst being drunk, also meant that Steve wasn’t aware of his actions. As someone who couldn’t get drunk as a normal human being could, whenever he drank that special stuff from Asgard, it had an even bigger affect on Steve.“C’mon baby, let’s get you back up to our floor,” Bucky said gently, the two switched between staying at the Complex with the Avengers and at their own place in Brooklyn, when they needed to just be them.“M’kay,” Steve nodded and let Bucky wrap an arm around Steve’s back, putting the other around his neck and helped him walk out of the lounge towards the lifts.-*-Once they were up to their floor, Bucky sat Steve down on their bed, and knelt down in front of him, kissing his pouty lips softly, “’m gonna clean you up okay, baby?”Steve nodded drowsily and smiled, all dopey, “thank you Buck.”Bucky set to work then, checking if Steve was hurt anywhere, if that man had touched him. He hadn’t and Bucky was going to have serious words with Tony.He helped Steve out of his shirt and jacket, wiping his face and neck and chest with a warm wet towel and brought him a glass of water. He also brought a small bar of chocolate to keep Steve grounded, enough so that he could answer simple questions.Bucky did
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Established Relationship
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Drunkenness
Drunk Steve Rogers
Triggers
A Man Flirts With Steve
nothing happens
Steve Is Safe With Bucky
Warning just in case
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Married Couple
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Subspace
Endearments
Pet Names
Praise Kink
Needy Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Bucky takes care of Steve
Talk of Consent
Consent Discussion
Bucky Wants Steve To Feel Safe and Sane and To Give His Consent
Morning After
Morning Sex
Morning Cuddles
But They Shower First and Brush Their Teeth
I Can't Write Fics With Morning Breath
That's Nasty
Emotional Sex
The Sex Happens In The Second Chapter
Safe Sane and Consensual
Dom Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Sub Steve Rogers
Light Dom/sub
Avengers Family
Top Bucky Barnes
dom bucky
Sub Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

