Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark was used to nightmares.Mostly, he was used to his own.  Used to dealing with them, used to working around them, used to ignoring them.  He was really, really good at ignoring them.Since he started sleeping with Steve Rogers, he'd realized it was a lot easier to ignore his own nightmares than it was to ignore someone else's.He came awake in a state of barely controlled panic as Steve choked on a scream.  Tony was rolling out of the way even as he struggled awake, his body moving on instinct and adrenaline as Steve flailed against the confining fabric of their sheets.  It gave Tony a moment to get free, to get out of range, and he hovered on the edge of the bed, his heart pounding as he kept a close eye on Steve's fists.“Steve,” he said, creeping back.  “It's okay, Steve, it's okay, it's just a nightmare.  C'mon, baby, it's fine, you're just having a bad-”He was so busy watching Steve's fists that he completely missed the elbow.It slammed into the side of his head, knocking him back, sending him crashing off the edge to the bed and onto the floor.  For an instant, he just lay there, seeing stars explode behind his eyes, his head spinning.  Tony shook his head, hard, shaking off the dizziness and scrambling to his feet before he could black out.  It took him two tries to get up, but he managed it, staggering back to the edge of the bed.“Steve,” he called, gripping the headboard, keeping out of reach now, because he really could not afford a second hit.  “Steve!”On the bed, Steve twisted, still trapped by the sheets, his chest heaving as he fought some invisible battle.  His skin was slick with sweat, pale in the reflected light outside and from Tony's arc reactor.  “Steve,” Tony repeated, not yelling, but trying to pitch his voice to be heard.  “It's okay, you're safe, we're all safe, it's fine.”Steve rolled towards him, and Tony scrambled backwards, keeping out of reach, safely out of range, keeping up the litany of reassurances the whole time.  “C'mon, Cap, it's all right, you're home, you're in the Tower.  Not the war anymore, you're safe, you're home.”A sound very much like a broken whimper slipped from Steve's parted lips, and he flailed out with one desperate hand.  His fingers clawed at the air, batting at nothing, reaching out, and Tony caught Steve's hand between both of his.  Steve's fingers locked onto his palm, the grip painful.  Tony sucked in a sharp breath, but he squeezed back.  “It's okay,” he said, and his voice was coming down in volume, soft and gentle and soothing as he let Steve reel him in.  His knees hit the side of the bed, and he got one hand loose, leaning over Steve.  “It's okay.  I love you, you're safe, it's just a nightmare.”  His fingers carded through Steve's hair, pushing the strands away from the damp skin of Steve's forehead.  Steve sighed, the strain going out of his body, relaxing by stages, his muscles going lax.  Tony watched, still making soothing noises, until his face smoothed out, his lips parting on a sound of pain.When Steve let out a faint sigh that sounded like Tony's name, he knew it was over.  Steve's hand went lax in his, and Tony pressed a kiss to the back of it.  “I love you,” he whispered, working his fingers free.  “It's okay, I'm right here, I'm not going anywhere.”Tony slid back onto the bed, touching Steve's hand, his wrist, sliding his hand up the length of Steve's arm.  He kept the contact the whole time he shifted closer, no sudden moves, no loud noises, just a soft, reassuring murmur of words that didn't make much sense.  By the time he reached the solid curve of Steve's shoulder, Steve was rolling towards him, arms reaching out.  A thin, pained sound slipped from his lips, and Tony slid into the shelter of his body, letting Steve's arms close around him.  In his sleep, Steve shifted, rearranging their bodies until Tony was carefully tucked against his chest.  Tony wiggled around, trying to get his back against Steve's front so he'd be able to breathe.  It took a lot more work than it should've. Steve was affectionate and handsy under the best of circumstances, and when he was having a bad night, it was like trying to sleep with an octopus with separation anxiety and a couple of extra arms.But as Tony relaxed back against his chest, he felt Steve give a soft sigh, his lips buried in Tony's hair.  He mumbled something, his fingers sliding up Tony's chest to rest just below the arc reactor, and Tony covered Steve's hand with his.  “It's okay,” he whispered.  “Go back to sleep, Steve.  It's okay.”He waited, stroking a finger over the back of Steve's hand, over and over, until he managed to fall asleep again.*Tony woke up with a headache.  He shifted, just a bit, wondering if he'd had too much to drink last night, it still happened, not so often, but he still had his drunk nights, but they were very seldom when he was going to end up in bed with Steve, and that was definitely Steve snoring against the top his head.T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
lying
Domestic
Tony's bad at this
But he's trying
Teambuilding
International incidents
Pepper Potts has the worst job

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

