Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"I- I need it."Steve sat up a little straighter in his chair when Bucky dropped down next to him in the darkened movie theater.  He was just barely starting, the barest hint of sweat at his temples, and his scent was slowly starting to rise.  It was not enough to bother anyone, not even some of the almost comically alpha males sitting in the back row, arms around their mates in a showy display of dominance.  Steve didn't need to do that.Well, Steve didn't dare do that.  His own pheromones were so faint as to be non-existent unless you were closer than anyone would be on the street, and more than one fight had started because someone smelled an omega in the company of a seemingly weak beta and moved to try to stake a claim.  And Steve would have fought them, their prejudices and preconceptions be damned, but he wouldn't get himself hurt while Bucky needed him.  Bad enough that his omega had to finish fights for him.  Steve hadn't made peace with that yet, but he'd learned to accept it for the both of them.And for Bucky's sake, he wouldn't rile up the meatheads right now."Let's go," Steve said, and rose to lead Bucky out.--This was not how most couples did it.  Alphas were supposed to be able to hold down their omegas, giving them the protective restraint that showed they cared enough to keep them there.  They were supposed to bite and mark them to show their claim, grip them while they mated so that when they locked together they were so, so close that they couldn't think of anything but each other.And maybe some of that was romantic drivel, but the core of it was true.  An alpha took care.  An alpha was strong.  An alpha didn't have to lie back while their omega nuzzled and licked them, drawing their scent to the surface.  An alpha didn't have to direct their omega because too much exertion brought on coughing or even an asthma attack."Stop thinking, Steve.  I can hear your brain smoking, you're thinking too hard," Bucky teased, his voice muffled as he buried his face in Steve's neck.Steve turned his head so Bucky could get more of his scent and ran a hand down Bucky's back.  No, regular alphas didn't do what he did, but regular alphas didn't have Bucky for an omega.  Strong, tough Bucky who wanted to be a soldier as much as Steve, who didn't want to be hauled back to the factories and houses while the rest of the alphas and betas marched off to war.  Bucky who didn't want to be overpowered and overwhelmed, his personality submerged in his alpha's dominance.  Bucky who wanted to trust his alpha more than he wanted the traditional family.Him meeting Steve had been a godsend for them both."You're the one who's thinking too much," Steve accused, his hand trailing from Bucky's back down to his ass, muscular and flexing as he gently rutted against Steve's skinny hip.  A sheen of moisture showed just over the curve, and Steve trailed his fingers just around Bucky's hole, making him twitch and whine.  That gave Steve a jolt of pleasure right through him, because Bucky never whined, never complained, never flinched, not unless he was here with Steve.  Not even for his beta girlfriends did he let down his guard as much, or at least so Bucky claimed.  Steve believed him.Steve pushed inside with two fingers, fast and hard, and Bucky stiffened above him, mouth open against Steve’s neck.  His hips rocked back, impaling himself on Steve’s fingers as he breathed Steve’s scent in deep, moaning softly.“Feels good, doesn’t it?” Steve murmured.  “I got you, Bucky.  Come on, shift, I got you…”Not physically, because Steve would drop him if Bucky tried to go pliant on him, but just whispering in Bucky’s ear gave Steve all the strength he needed.  Bucky rolled and Steve curved with him, hand under his bent knees, fingers fully sheathed inside Bucky’s hot, slick channel.  His whole hand was slick with Bucky’s natural lubrication, which made the next part easy.  Steve rocked his fingers easily, in and out, only pulling out enough to add a third before plunging back in.“Hrgn… yesss,” Bucky hissed, stomach muscles flexing as he drove himself down to meet Steve’s hand.  “Good, good…”Steve smiled to himself as Bucky started to babble and go incoherent.  He was so damn warm and slick, the scent of his heat thick in the air, bringing every bit of Steve’s alpha instincts to full attention.  He slid his hand out again, then in with a fourth finger, making Bucky jerk as if he’d touched a live wire.“Feeling full?  Wanna stop?” Steve asked, teasing, and Bucky thrashed his head in the negative.“More…  Steve, please, more!”“I have you.  All of it, everything’s for you…”Steve hadn’t paused for a second, even when questioning, his thumb tight against his palm, slick down past his wrist now, and pushed.  Bucky froze and let out a long, low moan of pure, wanton desire as Steve’s knuckles breached him.  Bucky’s hands reached up to grab onto the headboard as Steve pushed in, and in, and in, his hole closing and clenching a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Fisting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Anal Sex
Pre-Canon
Hurt/Comfort
Knotting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

