Work Text:

Tony was a little. It’s hard not to be in fact. It’s not biology, like some idiots will try to sell you. It’s not some 

compulsion

. People who wet the bed aren’t more likely to be little than people who don’t. There’s nothing in this damn world that says you 

have

 to be little unless you want to. Even Howard had understood. He might not have been the 

best

 father in the world, but he wasn’t a big enough dick to tell a kid he couldn’t be little just because it didn’t fit in with his 

perfect

 image.

 

Hell, he didn’t have to say anything though. He tried to stand off to the side, and be polite about it. When a twelve year old Tony would excitedly show him a picture he’d drawn -Howard still wasn’t sure if it was a horse or a car, but the picture had stayed in a drawer in Howard’s study till the car accident, and that was telling on how much he 

didn’t care

- Howard would try and be excited with him. Most of the time, he succeeded, and that was more than enough, because he 

tried

.

 

Of course, Tony Stark was too damn smart for his own good. Howard had tried to hide it. He wasn’t being a 

dick

 about this. But, Tony still knew. Howard may not have 

wished

 that Tony wasn’t a little, but he sure as hell thought it would have been easier to raise a kid who wasn’t.

 

Tony knew he was a bit of a handful already. He knew that, and he knew that his dad already gave him everything he could with what he needed. Tony couldn’t resent him for that.

 

So, when he felt the urge to be younger… back when he was still a teen… Tony ignored it.

 

Like it’s been said, being little isn’t a 

compulsion

. It was what you 

wanted

. It’s what made you 

happy

.

 

Tony has long since learned that being happy isn’t the worst thing in the world, far from it, sometimes it’s the only thing keeping you sane.

 

So Tony squashed down any qualms, while building walls in ways that hurt just as much as being little felt good.

 

It was years before he even realized there was something wrong with that. Why would there be anything wrong with keeping yourself from going that extra mile? But… there was.

 

Tony didn’t go that extra step. He wasn’t a 

baby

, and he didn’t need a caregiver.

 

Rhodey and Pepper and Happy were all he needed. 

 

Sometimes, he thinks that Happy would make a good daddy, but Happy doesn’t actually seem to be interested in littles other than Tony, and even then, he was just a babysitter. Tony loved the big lug. He always had a hug for little boys, and never had to have any of Tony’s drawings explained to him.

 

He was amazing. But he wasn’t Tony’s daddy.

 

Rhodey was the 

bestest

 big brother ever. Rhodey wasn’t exactly caregiver material, since Tony’s little side actually seemed to bring out a middle side of him. He liked playing with video games and cuddling Tony when he needed it, but he wasn’t a caregiver either. He was amazing, and Tony wished that he could see him every day instead of just occasionally. He was like, Tony’s soulmate, but more like, Tony’s 

bro

mate. Not like, someone Tony was in love with, but like, someone that Tony wants to be around forever because he was awesome.

 

But he wasn’t a caregiver.

 

Pepper was the awesomest auntie ever. She always had candy in her purse, or a toy for him to play with -because, sometimes the only way to distract him was giving him something he could fiddle with- and she made him food to eat, and to take naps. At one point, Tony had wanted to call her Mommy. But… that just didn’t work out. He loved her, and she was still an amazing auntie, but it just didn’t 

fit

 like he wanted it to.

 

Pepper 

might

 be a caregiver, but she wasn’t his mommy.

 

Tony had said ‘whatever’ to that whole idea, because, no one really 

needs

 caregivers. Sure, sometimes, for littles who got so small, or 

wanted

 to get so small, and couldn’t have jobs because of it, it was helpful. Having caregivers was good for teenagers who weren’t legal yet, and would be on the streets otherwise. Tony… was neither of those things. He was quite happy working -even if it was just on new projects and being a superhero, it was nothing to scoff at- and he didn’t need any help staying off the streets.

 

He didn’t, logically, 

need

 a caregiver, those fucked up scientists that tried to prove that being little was a compulsion, and they should be declared legally incompetent be damned. Tony Stark would go on a murdering rampage before he let someone 

force

 him to be anything other than he was. He’d go on one before he watched the friends he had made, and wonderful people all around him, forced to act like sweet little baby infants -no matter if they wanted to or not, no one should ever be 

forced

 to- because of some assholes issues with needing power over helpless people.

 

Hell, Clint and Phil would happily help him, he knew that part for sure.

 

Tony Stark, was no one’s baby boy… unless he said so.

 

Too bad, no one’s y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Ageplay
Non-Sexual Age Play
Littles Are Known
kind of
Little!Tony
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
Papa!Bucky
little!Clint
daddy!Phil
This is actually set before the first fic in the series

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

