Work Text:
Part One.It was Thor who found him, knocked out and half buried beneath a yellow school bus that looked like it had been carelessly tossed onto a pile of rubble. He’d thought that Steve was merely trapped - entangled, leg lodged somewhere – and knelt beside him to dig him out, only belatedly seeing the blood running out of the corner of Steve's mouth. It was coming from inside, and Thor stared at Steve's pale face and only then saw the sharp metal rod protruding from Steve's chest. Not trapped, pierced. Not a sword, but might as well be.“Cap? Come in, Cap. What the hell?” Tony was saying over the comm. “Cap, check in,” Tony repeated, and then: “Anybody see—? Who was the last to see—?”Thor felt the tiny movement as Steve's fingers brushed his, and realized that Steve's eyes were open; he was looking at Thor tiredly but smiling a little. "S'all right." Steve's voice was the barest wisp. "Let me go."  





"Let me go."

Thor surprised himself by saying, "I cannot. For you are the noblest of souls, and it is not in my nature."He heard Natasha's soft gasp, and said, turning, for there was no time to lose, "I cannot save him here. I must take him to Asgard." He heard Steve's soft, pained, "Thor," just as Natasha said, "Yes. Go. Hurry." He and Natasha lifted masonry and metal off Steve's crushed body and then, bracing himself, Thor dragged Steve off the rod that impaled him and, heaving him half onto his shoulder, raised his hammer to the sky.When they tumbled through the gate at the top of the Bifrost, Steve was cool and still and white with death. Thor laid him down on the floor where Heimdall had placed the basket holding the golden apple and the pearl-handled knife. Thor reached for them with shaking hands and cut a slice, but Steve was far away now, and Thor ended up squeezing juice into his mouth, clumsily mashing bits of apple between his lips.He saw the heavy brown boots of the Allfather but refused to look up. "Are you mad?" Odin said, but Thor stayed on his knees, bent over Steve, desperately pushing small pieces of apple into his mouth and feeling gratified when at last Steve's throat worked and he swallowed. "To give a prize such as this to a mortal—""He was half a god anyway. And he was—is—the best of men." Thor looked up, willing to bear Odin's scorn if it meant Steve would live, for he would not lose another brother. "He is worthy of it, Father."In the still, quiet halls of healing, Mengloth and her maidens peeled Steve's battered uniform off him, washed him and attended to his wounds and dressed him in a simple white tunic, but though he breathed and his wounds closed, he did not wake. Steve slept for a day and a night and a day, and Thor stomped around a bit uselessly before he was gratefully drawn away by one thing and another: a challenge to spar in the yard, a messenger wanting a swift answer, an old friend raising a toast. When a page came running, calling that the Midgardian had finally opened his eyes, Thor set down his flagon and strode off to Steve’s room, only to find the bed empty. The handmaidens pointed, nervously, to the balcony.Steve was standing at the stone balustrade, the wind whipping his hair. He turned as Thor approached, and Thor was relieved to see that he looked well. The color had returned to his lips and his hair was shining."Thor. I - Where…?" Steve turned back to the windows, wide-eyed. "Thor, is this—Asgard?"  





Steve sees the beauty of Asgard for the first time

"Yes." Thor went to his side, and together, they stared out at the glowing bronze fire that was Asgard in the evening: the glittering towers and spires, the ancient temples and ruins of moss-encrusted stone. The mountains were white-capped in the distance. "This is my home. You are welcome here."Steve's mouth opened, closed, opened. Thor was moved to see him so moved. "It's beautiful," Steve managed finally. "It's astounding." He laughed; Thor had never heard joy like this in his voice. "I must have the dullest brain in the world, because just when I think I've seen everything…" Steve gestured at the view with his hand. "I'm a fool," he said. "I’m the world's biggest fool. If I had ten bucks I'd give it to you.""I have no need of money," Thor replied, smiling. "Come, you must be hungry," he said, and clasped Steve fondly on the shoulder. "I was just going to eat. I will show you the castle," though he had to renege on that until after dinner, because it took ages even to get Steve through the hall; he kept slowing to gape at the arched ceiling and elaborately columned promenade. Then Steve went still at the door to the banqueting hall, and of course it was loud and rather warm with the enormous fires going, and Thor supposed Steve hadn't seen so many warriors together since the time of his war, and even then Steve hadn't lived to see the end of it: had never enjoyed the sight of warriors feasting in celebration. Happiness rose in Thor's chest and he dragged Steve to his table and gave him pride o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
a story of asgard
emigrating bastard
Sea Monsters
to hell and back
don't sit under the apple tree with anyone else etc.
Lost and Found
quest narrative
Art
Fanart
Drawing
Illustrated

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

