Chapter 1: The Chapter Where Everyone Is Introduced (Most of The Important People, Anyway)
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
   Peter Parker, aka Spider-man, was perched on the roof of a building somewhere in New York. His toes were curled over the edge, and he was watching the pedestrians milling about below him. The sound of traffic was quieter, muted – up here, it was the wind that was loud.    What was also loud were the obnoxious footsteps attempting to creep up on him. Peter sighed, loud enough for the approaching mercenary to hear him. It wasn’t the first time the other man had had a go at trying to sneak up on him, and Peter doubted it would be the last.    “Evening, Deadpool,” he said, silently counting down in his head. Three, two, one…    “What’s a guy gotta do to sneak up on you, Spidey?” Deadpool harrumphed and skipped over to him, bending precariously over the edge. A gentle nudge would send him falling, if Peter felt so inclined. “I saw your cute little toes and I just had to come say hi!”    Peter sighed again. It was something he anticipated doing around Deadpool all the time, especially given the way the Avengers talked about him. The word ‘idiot’ was used a lot. Also ‘insane’, ‘unhinged’. Both of which mean exactly the same thing, and made Peter wonder just how smart some of the Avengers actually were.    It would explain why he’d never had a crush on any of them, really. Except maybe Banner. He was undeniably intelligent. Tony would be on the list, but he acted too much like a spoiled brat. The other Avengers weren’t exactly dumb, per se, but it was a different kind of smarts than he liked.    “Um, earth to Spidey?” Deadpool waved a gloved hand in front of Peter’s face, making him jerk backwards in surprise. “Sorry, but you totally zoned out there, and I was a little worried that you were gonna fall off the edge and go splat like a Spidey pancake, and we can’t have that because you’re a good guy! Me? I can go splat at any time of the day, and literally no one would care.”    “I’m sure the people that have to clean up your mess care,” Peter replied. And yeah, okay. Maybe that was a little mean, but Peter knew it was better to keep his relationship with the mercenary as distant as possible.    “Stay away from him,” the Avengers had said, but clearly they had never been stalked by the ridiculously persistent man.    “Oh, ouch. That one stung.” Deadpool slapped both hands over his heart and pretended to swoon. Peter watched him, unimpressed. “I’m going to go out on a limb and say the Avengers have given you the little speech about me,” he continued, drawing himself back up. “‘He’s insane, unstable, unhinged!’” he said, pitching his voice higher than should be possible for a man of his size. “You’d think they’d be more creative – they all mean the same thing!”    And… Wait. Huh?    “And they like to call me dangerous! Have you seen the shit they do to this city? I mean, yes okay, they’re battling bad guys,” Deadpool kicked at the ground, and even with the mask Peter could see his scowl, “but the amount of damage they cause isn’t easily fixed, you know? I play with bombs, but at least I can do the simple math. Sometimes. When all systems are online and functional.”    Peter tilted his head. “They told me you had no idea about the file.”    Deadpool shook a finger. “Files, Spidey. Plural. More than one. Multiple. Expediente. Dossier. Archiefstukken. Files.”    And damn it all to hell if that wasn’t a little bit hot. There was nothing in the files that indicated Deadpool could speak a second language. Or a third. Or apparently, a fourth. He shifted a little uncomfortably, a blush creeping up his neck.    “The point is, I know about them all,” Deadpool said. “Yes, I know. No, I wasn’t there. You know exactly how I found out about them. I’m not gonna tell him that! Oh, great idea! Of course I was being sarcastic.”    Peter frowned. “Who are you talking to?”    Deadpool flapped a hand at him. “Wait your turn,” he insisted.    Peter wasn’t offended. And he wasn’t trying to be rude. It was just that he heard a scream and without a second thought he was leaping off the roof, leaving Deadpool behind. 
      Peter Parker had managed to get a position at Stark Industries, as an intern working under Tony Stark and Bruce Banner. Neither man had spent enough time with Peter to realize that he was, in fact, a superhero – they knew him as the skinny, dorky twenty year old intern who worked in biochemistry and genetics. He was far from the only intern, and he did everything possible not to stand out.    If Jarvis had figured it out, he hadn’t said anything to Tony.    “Hey, you! Intern!” Tony called, and everyone turned to look at him. Tony had that kind of presence, Peter thought.    “Me?” he asked, because Tony was bearing down on him, Bruce following at a more sedate pace.    “Yes you. Don’t make me repeat myself, I hate it.” Tony clicked his finger
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sapiosexual!Peter
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

