Work Text:
"Do you have to go?"Tony whined for what seemed like the hundredth time that day, pouting for the extra effect, curling closer to the naked Captain beside him.Steve sighed softly and pressed a kiss to his sweaty forehead. "Yes doll, it's an important event. I will only be gone for a few days." The blond answered patiently, already knowing what Tony would say."But... You'll be gone for days. Nat and Clint are on a mission. Brucy is somewhere in India. Thor and Loki are in Asgard. There's no one left." The engineer muttered sadly.Steve had known about Tony's incredible sex drive when he started dating him. When it eventually became too much for even the super soldier, he had asked the team to help out. Aside from Natasha, who was Ace and only joined the cuddles, everyone took the time to fuck Tony whenever he and they wanted to.
So far, there had always been someone around to take care of the engineer, Steve made sure of that.And even though Tony might think he would be alone, the Captain had everything planned."Tony? You trust me don't you?" Steve asked calmly, kindly.The genius almost rolled his eyes and nodded. "Ehm, duh. With me life. And my dick. Which is saying something since-"
"Tony." Steve interrupted fondly, stealing a quick kiss before sitting up. "I have a surprise for you, but you'll have to trust me."Tony just nodded and sat up as well. "Always.""Good, now, I have to leave in an hour, so we better hurry. I'm going to wash up and get dressed. You..." The Captain grinned and changed his voice to something lower, harder, filled with dominance. "You are going to crawl to the livingroom, kneel in the middle of the room, and wait patiently."Tony swallowed thickly in response, pupils already dilating with desire. "Yes sir." He answered with a hitch in his breathing before sliding to his knees besides the bed and slowly crawling to the livingroom, ass swaying.
Steve's blue eyes followed his every move until he vanished around the corner, and quickly headed to the shower.-0-Tony didn't like waiting. But he knew Steve would hurry, and knew the waiting would be made worthwhile.
And indeed, barely fifteen minutes later the blond walked in to find his boyfriend neatly kneeling on the soft carpet.With a knowing smirk, Steve dropped the pile of rope he was carrying right beside Tony, making his eyes widen.Steve would be leaving in forty-five minutes, so why would he tie Tony up?
The genius took a few deep breaths, butt trusted Steve not to do anything to truly hurt him. A small nod notified the Captain that yes, Tony was more than okay with this, and so they began.-0-It took almost every second of the remaining time, but eventually Tony was snugly tied up.
Soft warm ropes circled his wrists and ankles. Forming sturdy but comfortable cuffs. His right wrist was attached to his right ankle, and the left wrist to the left ankle. While Steve distracted him with a deep filthy kiss, a metal rod was tied from knee to knee, keeping his legs spread.
Finally, a thinner rope was tied around the base of his now rock hard cock, making it near impossible to hit a release Tony was craving ever since Steve slipped a small plug up his lubed ass.Sitting on his knees, legs spread, hole filled, arms and dick bound, Tony wondered what Steve had planned. After all, the time was almost up, he would leave soon. And then what?
The Captain kissed Tony again, dominant and possessive at first, slowly softening into something loving and tender. "Trust me Tony, you will have fun. Don't forget your safewords. And behave. I don't want to have to punish you when I get back."
With those words, Steve slipped a simple gag between his lips, buckled it closes behind his head, and stood up.
"I'll see you in a few days gorgeous." An envelope was left on the floor by Tony's feet, and Steve left.-0-For what must have been two hours at least, Tony was left alone.
He squirmed in the ropes, enjoyed their hold, and rocked his hips trying to fuck the small plug. It was only his trust in Steve that kept him from panicking as time passed.Finally the elevator doors opened, making Tony freeze in anticipation and fear. Who would it be?"Oh my, what a... Delicious surprise."Tony's eyes widened and he moaned softly in the gag. Loki.Said god entered his field of vision as he picked up the envelope from the floor, not yet touching the bound engineer.
Dear Loki,

I will be out of town for a few days, and my pet needs taken care of.
He's all yours to play with.
Take good care of him, I'm sure he'll please you.

You know his safewords.

~Steve
-0-Loki chuckled softly after reading the note, finally reaching out for Tony just to pet his messy hair.
"It appears you will be mine for a few days, pet." The silk voice made shivers run down Tony's spine.Loki had a wicked mind and often let it out on Tony. So far, the god hadn't had him on his own though. The mere idea of what the Jotunn would do to him, or with him, was enough to make his cock twitch.With a smirk, Lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dom/sub
Sub Tony
Bondage
Rope Bondage
Safe Sane and Consensual
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Spanking
Rough Sex
Sex Toys
Dom Loki
Dom Steve Rogers
Aftercare

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

