Chapter 1: Fertile Ground
    




Chapter Text
Stiles woke up feeling better than he had in... Well, that was sad; he couldn’t actually remember the last time he had felt this good. His injuries had finally faded completely. It turned out he hadn’t murdered seventeen people by feeding them to an angry forest. His dad was finally in the know about all things Wolfy and was still alive. He hadn’t set anything on fire or summoned anything or even turned anything into anything else for almost a whole day and night. OK, maybe he’d been asleep for at least half of that, but it still should count!The best part of recent events was making its presence known right at this moment actually.Stiles felt warm and protected beyond any level he could recall. The sheets he lay on had to be at least 1000 thread-count and Egyptian cotton no doubt. Lydia’s mother would never settle for anything less, not even for guests. Soft sunlight filtered through the curtains that he had forgotten to shut last night but Derek must have remembered.Derek.He was the reason Stiles felt so safe just now. Stiles could feel Derek’s gentle breathing, an indication that the man was still asleep. They were spooning. A week ago Stiles probably would have lost an organ, maybe his liver or at least a kidney, by laughing it out of his body had anyone said he and Derek would wake up in bed together, ever. Stiles just let his muscles relax as he lay there enjoying the heat and the feeling of the muscular body pressed against him. He had one arm thrown across his torso, pulling him closer. It was nice. As Stiles just revelled in the sensations flooding in from where his body contacted the werewolf’s, he felt rather than heard Derek’s breathing change slightly.Stiles smiled as Derek twitched and stretched a little, before relaxing back into his sleepy softness and burrowing back into Stiles’ chest.“How did I become Big Spoon?” Stiles murmured into the soft hair behind Derek’s ear as he scented him.Derek’s response was to bare his neck to Stiles and grumble contentedly. It was practically a purr.“You make me feel safe” Derek rumbled, “Sleep better. Sorry”“Never feel sorry for letting me be the strong one” Stiles’ voice was like a caress “It makes me feel safe too”Derek turned his head a little so Stiles could suck a mark into the soft skin of his throat. It wouldn’t last, of course, but it was a gesture of such trust and vulnerability from the usually so guarded wolf that Stiles, for a moment, felt shocked and humbled. He vowed to never let Derek be hurt again; at least not if Stiles could do anything humanly possible to prevent it... Maybe even ‘more than humanly’... ‘Non-humanly’...? Vegetatively...?“You know what the weirdest thing is about this?” Stiles asked softly.Derek just made a noise which could conceivably be interpreted as ‘go ahead’ or ‘tell me’ or possibly ‘I don’t care’.“I realise that I have had my morning wood grinding into your butt for more than ten minutes and I haven’t even thought about freaking out or being embarrassed; not once!”Derek’s response was to grind back on the ‘issue’ in question and rumble even more.“No... not fair... are you... you are you bastard! You’re purring? Since when did you become a cat?”“Not cat, wolf. Sleepy wolf. Too tired to get upset. Cuddle now”“You’re not freaking out that I’m hard? Or that I’m not freaked out about it myself?”Derek gently took Stiles’ hand, the one from the arm Stiles had been holding him close to his chest with, and moved it down about 2 feet.“What? Oh! Ohhhh!”“Now we’re even, Sleep more”Derek’s phone indicated a message received.“Let me guess, sleep no more?”Derek grumbled in a far less pleasing way as he reached over and retrieved his phone from the bedside table. Stiles took a few seconds to appreciate both the view he got as the shirt Derek was wearing rode up with the stretch, as well as the way the parts of Derek’s body that were still touching his body rearranged themselves across and around him.“Can we do this all the time?”“Ask your Father”“Meany”“You’re not the one likely to be put in jail for corrupting a minor”“I’m already pretty corrupted; we could probably argue a reduced sentence”“Damn!”“What’s wrong?”“Peter found something last night. It was scratched into the door of the old house with a claw.”He showed Stiles the strange, angular symbol.“What does it mean?”Derek was silent.“Do not try to keep me out of things Sourwolf! I’m pretty sure if I wanted to I could throw you into the lake from here; or ask one of my leafy buds to do it! Hey! Leafy buds! Get it?”Derek sighed deeply and muttered under his breath too low for Stiles to hear clearly.“What was that? I know your ticklish spots and we’ve already covered the whole ‘having no morals’ thing; I will use my knowstuff for eebil! Mwahahahaha!”“I said ‘Why did I have to fall in love with an idiot’?”Stiles was very still. Not just still for Stiles, but very, very still.“What’s wrong?” Derek asked, turning over so he could look i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes
Melissa McCall & Sheriff Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Claudia Stilinski/Sheriff Stilinski
Chris Argent & Peter Hale
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Magical Stiles Stilinski
Spark Stiles Stilinski
BAMF Stiles
BAMF Lydia Martin
BAMF Sheriff Stilinski
BAMF Danny Mahealani
BAMF Derek Hale
BAMF Melissa McCall
Helpful Deaton
Derek Uses His Words
Swearing
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Elemental Magic
Magical Accidents
Sheriff Stilinski Knows
Chris Argent & Stiles Stilinski Friendship
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Derek and Stiles Cuddle
Alpha Derek
Original Character(s)
Canonical Character Death
But not every canon death (maybe)

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes
Melissa McCall & Sheriff Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Claudia Stilinski/Sheriff Stilinski
Chris Argent & Peter Hale
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski

