Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Murdock and Page, right? Marci was supposed to tell me when you got here. I’m Foggy Nelson.”The first time Matt hears that voice, it’s in the lobby of Landman & Zack where the high ceilings make for chaotic airflow and the glass sends even the slightest sounds ricocheting like a game of sonic pinball. When Mr. Nelson puts his hand out for the shaking, Matt doesn't use awkward pause to get an idea for the stranger’s physical build like he should. Instead, he's caught trying to figure out if he could discern the number of attackers in an ambush at this location, or if he’d have to count them as he dropped them, one-by-one, until there was no one left standing.Nelson breathes, “Shit,” too low to be more than an exhalation to the average person, and then says at regular volume, “I’m, uh- offering my hand. Do you shake hands?”It’s not the dumbest question he’s ever been asked, but Matt isn’t feeling generous enough to curb his reflexive grimace.“I’ve been known to,” he responds, and lets his cane hang from his wrist by the strap as he lifts his hand into the general vicinity of Mr. Nelson’s. They shake. The motion jars Nelson’s cuff, and from that, Matt gets a whiff of sweat and Tide detergent and heavy paper and laptop keys that haven’t been cleaned in a while and a subtle edge of mold, probably something that grows in Nelson’s closet. There’s cologne, too, still clinging from a few days ago. It's high-end but not as expensive as the perfume wrapped in a cloud around Ms. Stahl, who stands forgotten and emitting adrenaline by the secretary’s desk. She’s angry, embarrassed. Caught out trying to go around Mr. Nelson’s back, it appears.“I’m Tully’s lawyer,” Nelson says as he releases Matt’s hand to shake Karen’s. “Marci, here, is on the team, too, but I think I’m the one you want to be talking to.” His shoes— new, judging by the slight squeak in the sole, uncomfortable, by their reluctance to crease when bent— shift against the polished floor as he hefts the warmth of his weight to his left side. It’s a relaxed posture, but not overly so. Professionalism without cockiness. Maybe they can do business.Karen begins, “We’re here on behalf of Mrs. Cardenas—”“Yes! Yeah, I remember from our phone conversation.” The air around Mr. Nelson’s head shifts as his hair cuts through it, a few strands dislodged with nodding. “If you don’t mind, could you guys come with me? I didn’t work my ass off for a corner office to talk business in the lobby.”It’s the kind of comment that makes Matt hate other lawyers, but Mr. Nelson delivers it with an odd edge of self-deprecation. There must be something in his expression, too, because Karen takes the distinctive breath that usually precedes laughing.“Of course,” Matt says. “Lead the way, Mr. Nelson.” Karen fixes her hand over Matt’s in the crook of her arm and leads him after Nelson’s ever-so-slightly squeaky footsteps. They pass a shuddering structure that cuts the airflow to ribbons— staircase— and stop near slide of elevator doors. There’s a click as Nelson presses a button, then he undoes the front of his suit and pockets his hands, a gesture that strikes Matt for its casualty. Matt can hear the smooth sound of the pockets’ lining against Nelson’s hands, but he can’t differentiate his heartbeat from the several dozen around them, not enough to get a read on the nature of Nelson’s behavior. He breathes normally but not in their direction, so he’s looking away, almost like he’s upset. Interesting.Finally, with a ding, the elevator in front of them opens. The three of them board. Nelson presses a button as soon as they enter, closing the doors before anyone else can get on.In the close quarters of the elevator, Matt’s world is technicolor.He can sense the sharp slopes of Karen’s figure next to him just by the sounds of her dress shifting, a supplement to her heat signature that’s almost as good as touching her. She blinks, and he feels the flick of each lash and envisions the planes of her cheeks clearly as the dislodged air passes over them.Nelson is clear for the first time, more a person now than a loose collection of sensations: about Matt’s height, though heavier and less solid. Reflexively Matt considers the best way to take him out (grab the arm to take him off his footing, put a knee in the vulnerable flab of his stomach, plant the other hand on his forehead and throw him straight down) as he takes in the distribution of heat, settled mostly around Mr. Nelson’s torso. He ate a plain bagel this morning, but hasn’t had anything since except coffee— a lot of it, too, judging by the racket of his stomach. His heartbeat is a little quick but his adrenaline’s low and there’s heat gathered around the nondescript area of his face; he’s not nervous, but guilty, maybe. Or it could be attraction, given the way he’s shifted toward Karen, shoulders higher than they should hang naturally, abdomin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon
Canon-Typical Violence
Slow Burn
Secret Identity
Season/Series 01
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Sensory Overload
Identity Reveal
face touching
Resolved Sexual Tension
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Karen Page

