Work Text:
Tony is trying to push his cold toes underneath Steve's super warm leg while they watch Big Hero Six when JARVIS interrupts. "Sir's there's an intruder on the balcony." The smooth British voice is calm, but Steve is instantly battle ready. Tony climbs to his feet just as the door flies open and he finds himself staring down the barrel of a gun."Tony Stark?" The man asks, and Tony notices Steve is barely breathing. "If I say yes are you going to shoot me, because I really don't wanna be shot." Tony starts, stepping forward. The man tenses further."Buck." Steve says, voice just shy of breathless. Tony turns incredulous eyes on his boyfriend unsure as to why he isn't more concerned about the gun pointed at Tony's temple. "What are you doing?" Steve asks, seeming to realize the situatuon. Bucky blinks at him coldly, then moves his arm, Tony winces at the creak it makes. "Maintenance or replacement?" Tony asks, and Bucky turns that cold stare on him. Tony just gives him a level look, he's played enough poker to keep himself looking calm, even if his heart is breaking. This is Bucky Barnes, this is Caps true love."Can you replace it?" Bucky asks, and Tony wants to smack himself for offering. Replacement could take weeks, Bucky will be around, he'll have to watch Steve fall in love with him again. Although a look at the supersoldiers face makes him think maybe Steve already has."Can I replace it? He's asking if I can replaceit!" He squaks in fake indignation looking at Steve. "I can not only replace it, I can make it ten times better." He huffs. "Can you actually give me a working arm?" Bucky demands, Steve glances between them. "It would take more time than a simple fix up, but yeah, probably. I'd use a lighter metal though, that thing has gotta be killing your shoulder." Tony says, Steve rubs his back soothingly, and Tony simultaneously fights the urge to move away from his touch, and to lean into it."You trust him?" Bucky asks, piercing eyes trained on Steve. Tony scowls, and drops back onto the couch while they figure it out."With my life Buck." Steve answers honestly. Bucky nods. Tony smiles, because at least he won't lose Steve's trust, even if he loses his love to this gun wielding, surprisingly hot assasin."Fix me up Stark." Bucky requests, and Tony jumps to his feet."Will do, you and cap can stay here and chat or whatever." Tonys voice doesnt crack. "JARVIS run some scans of our friends prosthetic." Tony requests, slipping out of Cap's arms and heading into the lab."Thanks Tones." Steve calls after him, voice gentle. Tony disappears around the corner without a response. He knows his voice will come out scratchy, and defeated."It's been good." He mumbles to himself. "It's been good with him." He pushes open the door to the lab and opens up the specs from JARVIS's scan."Okay, this is garbage, seriously what is this Hammer tech? The integration point is a tube and they wrapped it around his ribs. What the fuck is this trash?" Tony rolls his eyes. "J keep a copy saved in case we run into problems removing it, but get this out of my face." The blueprint disappears replaces with a blank workspace.Of course Sir." JARVIS replies, tone dancing with amusement."Don't sass me J. Can you find me somr model's of the muscles in the arm and some videos on function. As well as a few pictures of Arms. Can't have the hand looking weird, and a photo of Barnes." Tony lists off, each item popping up as he says it, and his fingers fly over the interface. He loses himself in the work creating fabric that moves like muscle, metal that moves like skin.
Tony's been working for hours building an arm in the shape of a mirror image of James' current flesh arm. He's selected a light, but resistant metal alloy and is thoroughly immersed in designing the functionality of moving each part when he notices a reflection of light out of the corner of his eye."J?" Tony asks, keeping his eyes in front of him. Moving the diagram to get a better view of the nerves in the arm."Yes Sir?" JARVIS asks. Tony moves the specs slightly, adding to the formulas."Current project threat level?" Tony asks, trying to figure out what's behind him. "An estimated 12 percent, Sir." JARVIS replies. Tony nods, turning to face Bucky. "Barnes?" Tony asks. Bucky looks confused, tilting his head to the side as he studies the engineer.  "I'm only a 12% threat?" Bucky asks. Tony rolls his eyes, assassins are always offended by low threat ratings."Don't worry, J just trusts that you won't hurt me based on any available information. We're both aware that you could kill me if you so desired." Tony prattles off, fiddling with his cuffs. Bucky hesitates for a second then holds out a coffee cup for him. Tony gestures for him to set it down, making his hands look busy. It's a dumb problem, but he's anxious enough without taking things from strangers, especially a hot beverage."That my arm?" Bucky asks, Tony snorts."No it's just some other high tech prosthetic arm I dec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Implied Sexual Content
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Past Abuse
OT3
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Polyamory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

