Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Erik is certain this is a monumentally bad idea.  It had made enough sense, three weeks ago, when Azazel had spawned this ridiculous plan.
Charles has spent five years as Shaw’s Pet-- if there’s anyone other than Shaw’s accountants who understands how Shaw’s creative bookkeeping works, it’d be Charles.  It’s not as though Shaw ever lets Charles out of arm’s reach.  Or he hadn’t, at least, until Charles’s contact went up on the market decades sooner than anyone had bothered to expect.
The suddenness of it had left an opening for Azazel to slip right into.  Really, it should have registered as a Bad Sign when Azazel had already drawn up preliminary documents on Erik’s behalf.  Of their small, anti-ownership troupe, Erik’s the only one who maintains the facade of keeping Pets.  There are a couple who have been with him for years now, helping run the business side of things, helping coordinate the network of people who privately oppose ownership laws.  Without their oversight and a bit of funding from Lehnsherr Engineering, Erik doesn't know how they'd be able to get Pets to people who live far enough off the grid to actually be able to help integrate them into cities out west.  But Erik's used to them-- and more importantly, they're used to him.
Almost against his better judgement, he’s already mapping out a timeline in his head for Charles.  If there are going to be depositions, it might take as long as a year before Charles can slip away from public attention enough to get set up out west, where the laws are more lax.  Hopefully to a state that won't ship him back to New York, if he's found out.
But, fuck, a year.
It’s been three since Erik took on a new Pet.
This has to be a terrible idea.
“Come on, he’s not even going to be here until tomorrow-- were you this wound up before I turned up?”  Angel asks, clearly trying to amuse herself while her hands bicker with the espresso machine.
Erik doesn’t dignify that with a response.
Charles’s fingers are cold.  He misses his gloves.  And his books.  And his bed.  Of course, none of it can be counted as his anymore.  Not that it ever had been, but Sebastian had let him pretend.
Turning a blank gaze to the passing streetlights beyond the car window, Charles tries to let those sorts of thoughts slip away from him.  It’s harder than he expects; it’s been two weeks since he’s even seen Sebastian.  Since Emma had moved in and Charles had been moved to the guest wing.  And that evening, when a lawyer and a handler had shown up to collect him, Sebastian hadn’t even come to say goodbye.
It’s probably for the best.  A new owner wouldn’t appreciate someone else’s bruises on a new Pet.
“Under other circumstances, we generally like to introduce owners to new Pets prior to installing them in a home,” Mr. Kane is saying, but Charles knows he isn’t the one being addressed.
He does, however, put up a decent semblance of engaging, turning his head.  If it weren’t for the fact that there are three of them, Charles doubts they would have gone to the trouble of a limo.  Having Mr. Kane here makes sense, but he doesn’t really understand why it was necessary for Mr. Lehnsherr’s lawyer to be here.
“We appreciate the accommodation,” the lawyer says, sounding entirely unapologetic.  Try as he might, Charles can’t remember the man’s last name.
“Mr. Lehnsherr is a busy man,” Charles says mildly, taking the opportunity to puncture the bubble of tension he can feel expanding between Mr. Kane and the lawyer.  Besides, Mr. Kane reports back to a bureaucracy, while the other will no doubt be reporting back to Erik; it would take an idiot not to realise which side he should take.
Finally, Mr. Kane looks over to Charles and offers him a small smile.
Charles wishes he could have just been escorted by the lawyer.
Somehow, it had been surprising that Mr. Lehnsherr lives in the city.  Charles has been to the city, of course, but both Sebastian and the Babishes had maintained residences beyond the city limits.  
Where Charles is to live doesn’t really matter-- or at least, all that he manages to feel about the location is a swell of gratitude to for the lack of photographers as they’d made their way from the car and through the lobby.  Cameras always seemed to be hovering around Sebastian whenever they go to the city.  There’s no reason for them to show interest in Charles, by himself, but he’s glad for the privacy, nonetheless.
He hadn’t expected Mr. Lehnsherr to be late, but Azazel doesn’t seem surprised.  Mr. Kane, however, seems to be a bit put out by it.  Charles is surprised Mr. Kane hasn’t cracked a tooth with the way he’s been grinding his jaw by the time Mr. Lehnsherr arrives.
“I told you that construction in midtown was going to fuck up traffic,” Azazel says, by way of greeting.
“Do you want some kind of medal for that prediction?”  Erik returns flatly.  Charles can hear the rustling of a coat, he thinks, but he doesn’t dare look up.  Not without being acknowledged.
“
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Some people are pets
Consent Issues
Erik has no idea what he's doing
Neither do I
I should never write my OTPs
Angel has her shit together
Past underage shenanigans referenced
Erik is an activist
Charles is confused
Minor Character Death
Captivity
Sort Of
Masturbation
Branding
Collars
So much drinking
Oral Sex
Not the sort of dub-con I was expecting
Restraints
Grief/Mourning
BDSM
Spanking
Belts
Rimming
Coming Untouched
Attempted Sexual Assault
Hotel Sex
Kidnapping
Damnit Charles I am not having a stroke
Logan needs a vacation
sedatives
Bondage
Anal Fisting
way too many un-had conversations
Breathplay
Underage Pets
just deserts are coming

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

