Work Text:
Peter isn’t about to blame himself the first time it happens, but he will admit he should’ve known better than to fall asleep with the window open.To his credit, he was dead on his feet by the time he arrived back at his apartment, unable to do much more than strip off the suit, hastily brush his teeth, and drop onto his bed. He didn’t even bother to get under the covers. He considers it something of a minor miracle that he made it to his bed rather than passing out on the sofa. Balancing college with work would be hard enough on its own, he knows that well enough from his peers, but juggling both of those commitments on top of protecting the city in a mask every night as well really takes it out of a guy.So he didn’t think to check the window before he succumbed to sleep. It’s irresponsible, something he tries very hard not to be anymore, but it happens.It’s still night when he jerks awake, all systems on alert and heart rate already increased. He lies silently in the dark before rushing up to do anything foolish, and peers at the clock on the nightstand. It’s just after 4am, which means he only slept for about two hours, and he sighs. He really hoped he could stick through until his 8am alarm, but it doesn’t look like he’ll have that luxury tonight. There’s a lengthy moment when he’s convinced he’s still just running on overdrive from the night’s patrol and he actually shuts his eyes again for a second before he hears it.The apartment isn’t anything special, and Peter certainly hasn’t gone to much effort to make it so. It’s old, too, and there’s that one creaky floorboard by the table that annoys him every time he steps on it. Right now though, as his ears pick up on the unmistakable sound of someone treading on it, he’s grateful.He pushes himself up and stands as quietly as he can, and that’s when he notices the light and not exactly unpleasant breeze in his room. He glares at the open window as though it’s to blame, and then remembers he fell asleep on top of the covers in just his underwear. He doesn’t curse himself aloud, but it’s a close call.So there’s somebody in his apartment, they let themselves in through his bedroom window, and they passed right by him, asleep and vulnerable and almost naked, on the bed. He makes the executive decision that he’s not in any immediate danger, and takes a second to pull on a shirt and his mask before he leaves the room. It’s probably too late to be called a precaution, but he doesn’t know for sure that the intruder saw his face, so he’ll take whatever defence he can get.Whoever it is hasn’t turned a light on. There’s a bulky shape in the kitchen area, not really doing anything, just standing by the table. Peter supposes they haven’t moved since the floorboard creaked. That leaves him alone in the dark with a potentially dangerous stranger, both of them on edge and waiting for something to happen.Well, he’s not about to stand around waiting be taken by surprise again, so he makes the first move, and flicks the light on.The figure moves quickly, but Peter’s faster. He doesn’t try to fight yet, just takes to the wall and gets away from the dark red shape rushing towards him. He’s still adjusting to the sudden brightness, so dark red is really the only thing he takes from this initial encounter, but as he holds himself up in the opposite corner of the room, head just brushing the ceiling, blinking and watching the scene before him start to come together, it’s enough.‘Deadpool?’There’s another moment of silence during which Peter watches as Deadpool’s fingers flex around the hilt of one of his katanas, not yet unsheathed, before he lets go and drops his hand to wave up at Peter instead.‘Morning sunshine!’ Peter scowls behind the mask. ‘It’s the middle of the night!’‘Bullshit! It’s the am, so it counts as morning. Believe it or not, I was planning on waking you up, but you looked so cute and peaceful fast asleep that I figured I’d just leave you instead. Would it’d have been better if I woke you?’‘Obviously,’ Peter snaps, then huffs. ‘It’d be better if you hadn’t broken into my apartment at 4am to start with.’‘Hey, don’t be like that, I didn’t break anything, there was no breaking involved.’ Deadpool pauses and laughs. ‘Not right now, anyway.’Peter inches down the wall slightly. ‘What does that mean?’Deadpool lifts his other hand. Or rather, he lifts his arm, and his hand dangles loosely from a broken wrist. ‘Give me some credit, Spidey, you really think I’d show up here unannounced and uninvited without good reason?’‘Yes,’ Peter interrupts, without hesitation. He’s trying not to look at the lifeless hand Deadpool’s still flapping at him. It’s too late – or early – for this. Deadpool just continues like Peter hadn’t spoken at all. ‘I just needed somewhere to rest up a while, lay low while my bones fit themselves back together, because it ain’t exactly a pleasant process and it ain’t exactly fun hiding behind a dumpster in a back alley while everything snaps it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
deadpool as a warning of his own
injury detail
Violence
Angst
Banter
really not as sad as the warnings make it sound
more like a violent romcom
Getting Together
Slow Burn
peter parker's size kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

