Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
            Alkali Lake Industrial Complex, 1985                       Lake water swills around my ankles as I back away from the cell door. Outside it, a wild animal rages down the hall, heavy claws raking every surface. With nowhere to run and nowhere to hide, I stand still against the far wall and hold my breath. The door shudders. Groaning open from its hinges, it swings into the wall, bolts scattering. Light and smell billow into the room, burning my eyes and nose.            A man staggers in—not an animal—hits his foot on the door, and begins striking it again and again. Steam rises from him, and the red light in the hallway shines off the training helmet and his metal claws. With the helmet on he cannot see or hear, but he can still smell. There’s blood on his legs and the helmet wires are ripped. This is not a test.            When he stops attacking the door and is only breathing hard, I step out of my corner and tiptoe toward him to gently nudge his knees. He growls, raising his clawed hand as he backs up. I wait before touching his knees again, pressing harder this time. He stands still. He kneels. My heart shakes my ribs with its beating.            The helmet is heavier than I remember, and when I lift it off I lose my grip and it splashes into the water. The man takes a deep breath through his nose and stares at me like he’s not sure I’m a thing he can eat, but he might still try. His arm muscles are tight because of the claws that grow between his fingers. Maybe they go back in like cats’ do. I look at his eyes to hold him still while I feel his arm.            Snakt.            I jump. Pressing on the inside of his arm made the claws retract. I check, but there are no cuts on his hands and no places for claws. I press on his other arm too, but this time I feel for the cuts in case I missed them before. The man shivers and backs away from me.            I remember I might need to run.            He holds his trembling hand in the light, and winces as the claws return. I can see how they come through his skin in such a wrong way, and press on his arm fast. They retract, and the torn skin folds back into place. Where the blood is on his legs there are no cuts either.            I look down at my legs where the cuts have scabbed over and the bruises have moved into my feet, and touch his hands again. My legs are hurt, but his aren’t and that’s better than anything I can do. I concentrate hard, stare at my knees, and clench my toes. The scabs and bruises disappear.            I smile at him. He looks afraid.            Here comes the stamping of feet and rattling gear. We look at each other, surprised that the other can hear what is still so far away. He points to the crumpled door.            “Get under it.” Then he leaves.            I step right out after him, eyes slitted to the light, and walk to the other end of the hall. He whispers hard at me to go back in the room, but I’m already walking and am never going back in that room. Besides, they do not know yet that I am out of it.            When I know the guards are about to come around the corner and see me, I stand in the middle of the hallway and vanish. The red lights are not strong enough to see me good, so I wait till they are close to reappear.            They stop so fast it’s funny.            Gunfire ricochets back where my room is, and one of the guards looking at me says a swear. All the guns aim at me like dog noses through a fence. Then, from my room, there is screaming. Scared, I try to follow them as they retreat. Even when the screaming stops and they are gone, I keep following.            Someone grabs me by the arm, and I hiss and bury my claws in their hand. My friend lets go fast and I jump away.            “What was that?” he demands.            I hide my hands behind my back.            “Show me now.”            I show him my normal hands.            “Don’t screw around, you know what I mean.”            Ready to run again, I show him my claws. He inspects them closely. “Did you have those before you got here?”            I nod and make my hands look human again.            “Why don’t you talk? Don’t you know how?”            “I can talk.”            “Alright then.” He puts out his hand. “Let’s go.”            I squeeze his hand and aim him the right way. He didn’t expect me to lead, so I have to pull a little till he follows.            The vault slams shut far away and all the lights go out. No, no I’m not staying in the dark. I pull him into walking faster. I know this place, I’ll find the door. I am not going to stay here for them. I am not going to stay for anybody.             A scrawny kid is leading him through catacombs that taste of the tomb. He can't see his hand in front of his face, but she hasn't run them into a wall yet. In the red lights he got a look at her; damp hair falling past her waist, narrow shoulders, and her eyes two empty saucers in a hungry face.   
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan (X-Men) & Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner & Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
High School
Action
PTSD
Mutation
Teenagers
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
hardly relevant i just liked that tag
she is a good bro
Platonic Relationships
Marvel Cinematic Universe Compliant
Father Figures
Father-Daughter Relationship
Mystery
Murder
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Childhood Trauma
tragic backstory
Latino Character
canon plus
SHIELD
Hydra
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Plot
Found Family
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Anxiety Attacks
Coming of Age
Implied/Referenced Sex
References to Drugs
Past Child Abuse
i don't dwell on dark topics for long
most dark topics are only implied/referenced
Not Canon Compliant - X-Men: The Last Stand (2006)
THAT MOVIE DIDN'T HAPPEN
Character Death
Post-X2: X-Men United (2003)

fandom: 
Logan (X-Men) & Original Female Character(s)
Tony Stark & Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner & Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton & Original Female Character(s)

