Work Text:
In a universe where most people were Beta, some were Alpha, and even less were Omega; Tony was one kickass rare male Omega.
He fought for equality and smirked at every law passed in favour.
His relationship with Pepper was a scandal, two Omegas together! But Pepper was badass and Tony was stubborn, so for a while they worked.
Heats were hard but they managed, until things fell apart after Extremis.
Pepper's heats were close to unbearable, and Tony couldn't stop being Iron Man. They parted as friends.
Within a month, Pepper started dating Happy. The perfect Alpha and Omega couple.
The single engineer stubbornly locked himself away every two months, suffering through his heats on his own, refusing to ask for help. He was a strong Omega, he didn't need some Alpha ordering him around.
-:( • ):-
Of course that didn't last. As much as Tony tried to fight his biology, even he couldn't resist two Mega Alphas.
Steve and Bucky were nothing like Tony had imagined them. Instead of the harsh commanding Alphas he had expected, they were kind and caring dorks. They never treated Tony anything less, and more often saw him as something precious instead of worth less.
No forties prejudice against Omegas, or just general assholeness against a Male Omega. No, they were nice. Sweet. And courting Tony without him even realising it.
You have to understand, Tony had never been courted before. He and Pepper kind of just grew closer and closer until they ended up dating one day, and that's about the only serious relationship he has ever had. Quick fucks against bathroom walls with Betas he was never going to see again hardly counted, nor did the Alphas that helped him through his heat when he was younger.
And now? Now there were these two gorgeous Alphas -who were already breaking every social rule by dating each other- who were courting him. Some damaged useless Omega who would never be able to be a proper partner.
Apparently they didn't care about that.
First there were small presents. From flowers showing up on his desk to food appearing in his workshop. It steadily grew more expensive. To cufflinks and watches. Fancy ties and necklaces. Fitting suits and shiny shoes. Everything to make Tony look amazing while still being himself.
Finally they asked him out on a date, which he gladly agreed on. The genius would probably admit under great duress that he initially thought they simply wanted a threesome. Maybe even a regular thing, but he had never expected them to actually want him as part of their bond.
Tony wore one of the suits they gave him, together with most of their gifts. They matched perfectly, and even the engineer himself had to admit he looked great.
At the end of the night, after a lovely dinner, he got a kiss on each cheek and an invitation to a second date.
They took him to a baseball game.
Some glorious memories at the beginning of an amazing relationship. Pepper had helped Tony build up his confidence in relationships, and the two soldiers only strengthened that.
They matched together. The two strong Alphas weren't exactly perfect either. Their PTSD was harsh and unyielding. Alas, they has each other and that was the most important thing.
The three fought smoothly side by side, a well oiled machine. Undefeatable.
Tony had actually retired from being Iron Man, focussing on Stark Industries instead, but even so; in case of world domination he came back.
All in all their relationship was going smoothly, until one sunny afternoon a few weeks after Tony's last heat...
-:( • ):-
With wide eyes Tony stared at the screen before him. It couldn't be true. It has to be a false test. Only... He had redone it seven times already. And the results stayed the same.
Tony was pregnant.
Something must have gone wrong with his birth control.
He wouldn't have found out if he wouldn't have gotten his regular check up for internal bleeding after the reactor had been removed. Nor if he would have used regular hospital technology instead of his enhanced equipment.
But there it was, black and white, a tiny little blob of cells that would grow into a baby.
Tony had expected himself to be shocked or panicked, but he felt surprisingly calm. One hand rested on his belly that hadn't even changed shape yet, while the other typed a message to his doctor for a proper checkup.
You see, the genius didn't know if he would be a good father. He would most likely screw up all the time, but he had two amazing Alphas who he knew would make excellent dads.
Only then there was the small issue of telling them. They hadn't exactly talked about children. Steeling his resolve, Tony headed to the elevator to go and face his two lovers. He would subtly ask what they thought about children, add a little white lie, and see what their thoughts were.
-:( • ):-
The elevator doors opened and Tony almost went for the bar before making a beeline for the kitchen and pouring himself a glass of juice.
"Hey hot stuff and handsome." The genius said with a smirk to hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg
Pregnant Tony Stark
Omega Tony Stark
Angst
Insecurity
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

