Work Text:
“You get stood up too?” 
Phil looks up from where he’s been fiddling with a cocktail napkin, soggy with condensation from the drink he’s been nursing for the last half-hour. It’s the guy from earlier, the one who’d asked him if his name was David. They’d had a good laugh about the prospect of ending up with the wrong date, then retreated to opposite ends of the bar.
Now the guy is next to him again, the end of a beer in hand, wearing a resigned smile. Phil allows the side of his mouth to crook up and checks his watch, despite already knowing that it says his date is so ridiculously late that there’s no way he’s coming. 
“I guess I did,” Phil says. “David never showed?”
The guy’s eyebrows go up a little. “Good memory,” he says. “But yeah, looks like I’m on my own tonight. So…” he pauses, tipping his head back to drain the rest of his beer, “I was wondering if you’d like to join me.”
Phil finishes the last of his own, watered-down drink to give himself time to think. He hadn't been thrilled when his sister informed him he was meeting a ‘completely gorgeous man!’ for dinner, since meeting new people tends to make him edgy, but he’d wound up looking forward to it. Phil hates dating but enjoys being in a relationship, and he’s been single long enough that it was becoming grating. This guy- well, he might not be completely gorgeous, but there is some definite build stretching his button-down shirt, and the way his nose has clearly been broken a few times is pretty endearing. 
“Yeah, okay.”
---
The guy’s name is Clint, and the shoulders are apparently the result of his work as a security contractor.
“It’s not the most glamorous thing,” Clint admits, flipping through the menu. “It’s a lot of standing around. But I’m pretty good at it, and they don’t care that I never went to college.” He gives Phil a furtive glance at that, like he thinks Phil will- laugh at him, or something, but Phil just smiles. 
“I wish the security guys at my office had your attitude.”
Clint smiles at that, a little softer than before. “Where do you work?”
“I contract out for a few different places,” Phil deflects. “I do risk analysis, usually when companies are bidding things out, so a lot of short term projects.” He technically does do risk analysis on a lot of short term projects. He just analyzes national security issues rather than business ventures. 
Most people don’t push further, since they have no idea how a guy in a suit actually analyzes risk, but Clint shocks the hell out of him by saying, “So, what, you fiddle around in Excel and run Monte Carlo simulations all day? Ugh, way too much math for me.” When Phil raises his eyebrows, Clint grins sheepishly and says, “Our break area isn't too far from the risk guys’ cubicles. They’re kinda loud. It’s interesting, but I wouldn't want to do it.” 
Phil makes a mental note to make sure that his door is always closed when he starts swearing at one of his models. 
“I enjoy it,” he says. “There’s something kind of satisfying in knowing that you figured something out that would have been impossible without statistics.” He grins wickedly. “And sometimes it’s nice to prove an asshole CEO dead wrong.” He means senior agent, not CEO, but the intent behind the statement stands.
Clint laughs at that, loud and bright, attracting attention from the tables near them. Phil barely notices, too caught up in how much Clint’s face changes when he’s happy.
---
Clint is funny. Like, really, seriously, funny. Their waiter has been by to top off Phil’s water at least five times because he can’t stop laughing, and he’s temporarily given up trying to eat, because he keeps choking on his pasta. 
Clint’s incredibly animated while he talks, waving his arms around to emphasize how completely stupid his boss is, and Phil is struck with a sudden image of Clint in the kitchen of his apartment, telling Phil about his day while they make dinner.
He banishes the thought, sternly telling himself that it’s far, far too early to be thinking such things, but the warmth of that image stays with him for a while.
---
Towards the end of their entrees, the conversation turns to travel. It turns out that they've both been to some pretty obscure, far-flung places, but have never been to Paris.
“I keep thinking I should go,” Clint says. “See the Mona Lisa, climb the Eiffel Tower, eat cake. I don’t know why I keep putting it off.”
“My sister went on her honeymoon there,” Phil says. “She really loved it, but she always talks about the city in terms of her husband. I think it’s gotten into my head that I shouldn’t go alone, that it should be some kind of romantic getaway.”
He realizes too late that he may have just made a creepy offer to take Clint on vacation, but Clint’s face is still easy, open, and Phil promises himself that he’ll be more careful of his words for the rest of the night. 
---
Except then Clint talks him into splitting a dessert, and it turns out that they both hate caramel and love the same hockey team, and Phi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
get-together
Blind Date
Swearing
Minor Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Kink Meme

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

