Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time it happens, she thinks it’s a coincidence. The city’s being attacked, for crying out loud, and there’s not much to do except try to keep her head down and get the hell out of there. She’s lived through the destruction of a small town and the decimation of a major city, so she’s pretty sure she’s got a better handle on how to handle these situations than most of the other people running screaming down the street. The police are directing people to a makeshift shelter, and she’s almost there when she notices a teenage boy trying to take on one of those weird, giant alien bug things by himself.The kid’s going to get himself killed. She looks longingly towards shelter then back at the kid, and she sighs. She changes direction.“Hey kid, run!” she shouts, but the kid doesn’t listen to her and he’s seriously about to get cut in half by a pair of pincers so she knocks him out of the way. And off comes a large chunk of her hair, damn it. Which, she guesses, is preferable to losing a large chunk of her head. But she’s seriously pissed at this kid as she scrambles to her feet and jerks the kid along behind her, pushing him towards the shelter.A police officer is rushing the kid through the entrance when she feels pressure around her waist and her feet are off the ground so quickly she thinks she’s going to be sick. The officer is shouting, pointing his gun everywhere at once, and oh God, he’ll probably end up shooting her himself if this thing doesn’t squeeze her to death. She’s screaming, because who wouldn’t? And she’s trying to pry the stupid pincers open but all she’s getting for her trouble is bloody hands. It hurts, but not as much as knowing that she’s going to fucking die and dear God, that stupid kid is hanging around in the shelter’s entrance. If he gets himself killed after she put herself in this situation for him, she’s going to come back and haunt his ghost. Or something.“Get back,” she’s shouting, both at the officer and the kid, because holy fuck, there are more of those things and they are all converging on her and the buggy alien that’s got her in its clutches. “Get back!” And she’s writhing, kicking, and tugging at the pincers, her sticky hands slipping on the smooth exoskeleton.The officer looks at her with sad eyes and says, “I’m sorry.” He pushes the boy inside and gives her one last desperate look, like he wants to rush after her. She shakes her head at him, and he disappears behind a makeshift barricade. The thing starts to move and she’s crying now, trying to remember the prayers she was supposed to have learned in Catholic school and wishing she’d answered the phone when her mother called yesterday.And then there’s a blur of red, white, and blue soaring through the air, and the pressure around her waist is gone. As she falls to the ground, she has enough time to notice the red, white, and blue has been joined by a streak of gold and red and a giant slash of green.Then there’s a sharp pain shooting through her skull, and everything goes dark.—She’s in the hospital for a week after that incident. The kid she’d saved visits her in the hospital, and she feels very grown up as she delivers a “Don’t be a hero” speech. She’s thankful that he doesn’t point out the hypocrisy in that speech coming from the woman lying in a hospital bed because she’d tried—and succeeded, thank you very much—to save his sorry ass. Her first stop after she gets out and the bandage comes off is a hairdresser, and her raggedy, alien-bug induced cut turns into a swingy bob and that at least turns this situation into something of a win when all of her co-workers gush over it. She’s surprised to realize that she’s missed being at work, although her mom doesn’t really consider being a social media specialist a job. She’s getting paid for it so Darcy isn’t going to complain. This isn’t what she’s going to do for the rest of her life. She hopes. She doesn’t really mind all the jokes that she spends all day tweeting, because that’s kind of what she does, but she does it to raise the online presence of her nonprofit and so she feels like she’s making some kind of difference.Her hands are still sore and bandaged, her waist is still bruised and her head is still kind of fuzzy, so she does most of her work standing barefoot at her desk, tentatively using her fingers to work the mouse and using voice-to-text software for e-mails and status updates.  It’s her second day back at work, and she’s kind of losing her mind with all of the concerned looks being thrown her way so she decides to take an early lunch. She’s just stepping out of the building when two men grab her and drag her into an empty alleyway before she can gather up enough breath to scream. She yanks her arm away from one and thrusts a hand into her purse to get at her taser. She tries to push away the pain as she forces her fingers to curl around the barrel. Gritting her teeth, she manages to pull the trigger and hits one of them in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Action
Crack

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

