Work Text:
“Anthony Edward Stark,” The brunette flinched, “I am not having this conversation with you again. You are pregnant with our child, our gorgeous baby is growing inside of you. I am not going to allow you to place both yourself and our child in danger. Come here, now.” Tony did not need to turn around to know that Steve was, in fact, beyond furious with him. Since Sunday morning, he had been locked inside the workshop and had not emerged once. That would have been reasonable had Steve not returned from a month long mission Tuesday afternoon.Unlike other omegas Steve encountered throughout his life, Tony bordered on being almost as difficult as an out-of-control alpha. He managed to press each and every single button, even some Steve had no clue existed before him. Because he was stubborn and obnoxious, they argued more often than not. The relationship would have crumpled up and died had Bucky not appeared when he did. Another omega, one unlike the rest, but comfortable enough with his biology that he went with the flow of things.Almost immediately, Bucky found something attractive about Tony. The brunettes were identical, sharing a sharp tongue and clever wit. But there were moments when they butted heads because they were too alike. That happened earlier, before neither of them had a chance to settle into the newfound relationship between them and Steve. The omegas wanted the alpha to themselves, not used to sharing his attention.The relationship would have ended had Bucky not been there when Tony was wounded during battle. Steve was away on another mission, unable to head to the battle like he wanted. A building collapsed over the team, separating most of them from each other. Except Bucky was seated beside a bleeding Tony, struggling to stop the bleeding with his torn shirt. When Steve arrived at the hospital a day later, he found his omegas curled on the bed together with their arms wrapped around the other. Whatever happened while they were buried seemed to have brought them closer, pushing aside their differences and accepting that they were both bonded to Steve. Somewhere along the way, they bonded as well.Three years into the relationship, Tony became pregnant. Steve and Bucky were overjoyed, enthusiastic about the newest addition to their growing family, but Tony was far from pleased. He was taught from the moment his father discovered that he was an omega that male omegas were nothing more than toys alphas and betas used when a female omega was nowhere to be found. The moment he found out that he was pregnant, he was consumed by self-hatred.Unfortunately, Steve was not surprised when Bucky informed him that Tony locked himself inside the workshop. It was the sixth time in two months. Jarvis was unable to allow him access into the workshop. What he did was head to the bedroom where he deposited his shield and shattered the glass, entering through the broken window. He found the genius hunched over a workbench, typing away on one of the computers.Seeing Steve lose his temper was frightening. He yanked the pregnant omega from the workbench and forcefully dragged him towards the communal floor where dinner was being served. Tony whimpered, fighting against his painful grip. “Steve, let me go. You’re hurting me.” He cried out when the hand holding onto him tightened a fraction. The blonde stormed into the dining room, kicking one of the seats aside and shoving his mate down. “I am sick and tired of you. Eat your fucking food. Then I’m going to bathe you and you are going to sleep.” He snarled.Tony sunk into the seat with tears trickling past his cheeks, trembling as he attempted to spoon food into his mouth. Bucky frowned, reaching out to place a hand on his shoulder. “Steve, you need to calm down.” He said softly. Steve shoved him aside. “I do not want to hear a single word from either of you.” He growled.“Steven Grant Rogers, don’t mess with me. I may be an omega but that does not mean I can’t kick your ass to China.” Bucky retorted, shoving the alpha far from where Tony was seated. “Either leave and calm down or I will escort you out of the tower myself.” He was glaring holes through his head.Steve returned the glare with ice. “I’m not going anywhere without Tony. He wants to act like a child then I’m going to treat him like one.” Not letting him finish what was on his plate, he yanked Tony from his seat and began moving towards the elevator once again.Witnessing the great Tony Stark shed tears was nothing any of them wanted to repeat. He attempted to reach out for Bucky, his cheeks flushed. “Help.” He whimpered. Fear was something that did not look good on anyone, especially not Tony. Bucky jumped into action, separating them by sending Steve to the ground with a single punch. Natasha was there to lead Tony to the living room along with Bruce but Thor and Clint stayed behind, prepared to restrain Steve.“Are you kiddin’ me, Rogers? What kind of alpha uses that amount of force on a pregnant o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Pregnant Tony Stark
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Domestic Violence
Hurt/Comfort
Insecure Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Angry Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Angst with a Happy Ending
Pregnant Bucky Barnes
Team as Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

