Chapter 1: The beginning
    




Chapter Text
Tony never liked having to act so strong. He never wanted to have a life where he lied about what he was and what he desired. Of course, he didn't have much choice in the matter as his father had been quite the ass. But Tony would never complain out loud about how his father hated what his son was. He hated that his one and only child was an omega. A weakling.Sure, now that Tony had the suit, it made up for any and all physical disparities on his part. And he had JARVIS programmed to inform any persons that Tony Stark is a beta. But that couldn't be any farther from the truth, and it couldn't be torturing Tony any more that it was.Tony longed to drop the act, to surrender and give himself to an Alpha and be loved. Tony wished he could love Pepper, but she was a Beta, and Tony needed more. Tony needed an Alpha to love him.So when Agent had visited Tony in his tower, he was very surprised that he had been able to fool the entire S.H.I.E.L.D. Operative core into thinking that he was a beta. Sure, Tony was a good actor and he had gone to absolutely ridiculous feats to ensure that the only person who knew that he was an omega was he, himself and JARVIS, but he really didn't think he was that good!But it was just his luck that 57% of the team was pure, virile alpha. The number might not seem menacing but take into account that Tony himself accounted for 14% of entire group and Clint was the only other Omega in all of S.H.I.E.L.D. So with the variables all out on the table, omegas were outnumbered 4:2:1, with Natasha being the only female and beta on the team. But at least Clint was bonded. Tony was desperately masking his scent and putting on an act to hide what he was. So the others would only think that the ratio was 4:1:2. Which was completely different!But either way, after about two years of successfully hiding his secret away and yearning for one particular doctor to just claim him and bond, his wish came true. In the form of a veritable disaster.Never let it be said that the Hulk was a softie, but when it came to his Metal Man, Hulk would always go out of his way to aid Tony in battle. Whether it be a quick shove out of the way of heavy artillery or carrying him back to the tower when the Suit was too damaged or stroking his hair when Tony came to watch him play in the Hulk Proof Play Room. HPPR for short. Tony had never felt more comfortable than when Hulk would scoop him up, cradle him in his giant green arms and stroke his hair. He had a feeling that Hulk could pick up on the fact that his Metal Man was an omega, but he didn't dwell on it. Tony didn't either.So, on the fateful day of December 14th, two years after the whole chitauri debacle, some lunatic decided to contaminate the entire water supply in both New York City and Toronto. Tony didn't quite listen to what Director Fury was saying during the briefing, but he got a good wiff of it when he drank the water.All he had gathered was that the compound wasn't toxic and that exposure would not cause any harm. His head was a little scattered from his new Suppressants he had developed, still needed some tweaking for the drowsiness but overall they were working.So after the first gulp of tap water, Tony froze. He breathed heavily and he his brain went into override, assessing his symptoms faster than J-"Sir, your body seems to be initiating a Heat."Okay, not faster than JARVIS, but damn near close."Sir, your pheromones are spiking dramatically, the entire building has already been permeated. Sir, I would suggest running away. Masters Thor and Steve are on their way."Tony began to cry. He began to sob. This was the one thing that he actually wanted to let happen, but of course it would be ripped from him before the time was right. He tried to run, ignoring the slick between his thighs, he got into his lab, and ordered JARVIS to go into code O. Only Tony knew that override code. But just as the doors of the lab slid and locked shut, Tony collapsed because of the sheer amount to Alpha pheromones that were already in there.Bruce Banner was not an extrovert or aggressive Alpha, but he was all Alpha and Tony couldn't handle it. Bruce was the only Alpha that Tony allowed close. The only Alpha Tony had ever wanted. And the only Alpha that also had the same essence of Alpha-like qualities as the Hulk.Bruce's eyes widened at the state of Tony. His cock was erect in an instant, aching and huge. But he was nothing if not controlled in times like these. He carefully lifted Tony onto the pull out bed against the wall. He tried to ignore the fertile, ripe, sweet scent of Tony. He had worked with omegas in India. The people were too poor to afford the drug. But Bruce forced himself back to the matter at hand."Why didn't you tell any of us?" Bruce wanted to show that he hadresolve."B-Because... Nggg... Bruce I'm scared!" Tony sobbed brokenly. It broke Bruce's heart. Truthfully, Bruce had always dreamed that Tony was his omega
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Mpreg
Omega Verse
Smut
mama!tony
Knotting
Family
Pregnancy
hating biology
tony is hiding his status
because of howard
omega!Tony
alpha!bruce
induced heat
Forced Heat
scienceboyfriends
Self-Lubrication

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

