Work Text:
 The first Darcy knew about the Tower being under attack was when the grenade came sailing through the glass wall that separated the lab from the elevators and landed right at her feet.“Oh my God I’m gonna DIE!” she screamed, but the sound was somewhat muted by the incredibly loud sirens that started going off at that moment.The grenade, however, did not go off. It just lay at her feet. Slowly, and very, very cautiously, she pushed her office chair back and stood, backing away from it.“Darce,” Jane whispered, eyes wide and terrified, “that’s a grenade…”“And someone out there threw it…”They both turned to look through the shattered glass just as a huge green blur roared past.“Okay, well Bruce obviously has that under control. Let’s, um, worry about us. And that. Do you think it’s gonna go off?” Jane said nervously.“I think I’d rather not be in here if it does. And I also think we don’t want to go that way.” Darcy pointed at the elevators. “Because bad guys. And Hulk. So how about we go in the back office and build a nice big wall out of nice hard things, and keep trying to phone through to someone who could come rescue us?”Maria Hill eventually picked up about fifteen minutes later, barely sounding flustered. Annoyed, perhaps, but then that seemed to be her default tone. She listened to Darcy’s babbled explanation about the possibly live grenade, reassured them that the threat from the bad guys was over, and she’d send someone to get them.Clint dropped down from an air vent less than five minutes later, and laughed when they both flung themselves on him with relief. “All right, girls. Show me this grenade.”One look through a laser sight and he was ordering them both up into the air vents, as fast as they could move. It was an uncomfortable scramble, but a few minutes later they arrived in a conference room containing Sam, Steve, Tony and Pepper, who threw herself on them, hugging them.“Thank God you’re both all right.”“What’s this grenade, Katniss?” Tony asked. Clint gave him a Look.“Not something you want to fuck with.” He grinned, laughed under his breath, shook his head when they all looked at him oddly. “Sorry. Poor choice of words. It’s a HYDRA build, I recognised the casing. And it had two orange and one green stripe around it, which means it’s a sex pollen grenade.”They stared at him for a moment, Tony chuckled, and Clint shook his head. “No, Stark, it’s not funny. If that had gone off Darcy and Jane would be in a bad way right now. It’s a hellishly effective weapon because for twenty-four hours after taking a hit of it, the victim can’t think about anything but sex. And they can’t, um, take care of business themselves, if you get my drift. There’s no antidote yet been found.”“Well we’ll need the grenade for samples, then, so Bruce and I can get on that,” Tony said briskly. “Go get it, Legolas…”“Nope. Uh-uh, I’m not going in there.” Clint flushed when they all stared at him. “Nat’s not here. If that thing goes off and I have to, with someone else… yeah, no. Just no. I’d rather live to see next week.”“You are so pussy-whipped, Barton,” Darcy shook her head with a giggle. Clint only grinned.“Proud of it too, darlin’. Look, send Steve in.”“Me?” Steve flushed beet red. “Why me? I haven’t got a girlfriend – Tony should go…”“I don’t mind going,” Tony immediately said.“I mind!” Pepper snapped. “God, you’re bad enough normally…”“Okay, we don’t need to have that conversation!” Clint held his hands up to stop them. “What I meant was, this stuff doesn’t affect the serum-enhanced. Nat took a hit once and it had no effect on her at all.”“Oh, well then of course I’ll go,” Steve said immediately. “No problem.”“I’ll get you a containment case. And see if Bruce is back to normal yet. He’ll be fascinated…”Tony was back a few minutes later with a large glass case. He showed Steve how to open it and carefully set the grenade on the soft silicone ring at the bottom, how to seal it again so it would be airtight. Steve stuck his earpiece in and smiled at Darcy and Jane.“Don’t worry, ladies. I’ll have your lab safe for you to return to in no time.”Darcy wistfully told herself that his smile was for her alone and not for both of them. Steve smiled at everyone like that when he was being reassuring. She didn’t even bother to pretend that she wasn’t looking at his ass as he walked out the door, case in hand, though. Everyone in the Tower knew about her ‘little crush’ as Tony called it. Well, everyone except Steve, who was apparently completely immune to flirting, and even impervious to her normally foolproof tactic of wearing a blouse two sizes too small and popping out of it by taking deep breaths at strategic moments.It’s very wrong of me, Steve told himself as he headed down to the lab, to wish that Darcy had been affected by that sex pollen stuff and needed someone to ‘take care’ of her. His imagination was running riot, though, with the thought of Darcy naked in his bed, flushed and begging for him to kiss her, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
background Pepperoni
background Clintasha - Relationship
background Thorane

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Fuck Or Die
except no chance of that
because it's Steve who gets hit
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Unrequited Crush
Requited Crush

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
background Pepperoni
background Clintasha - Relationship
background Thorane

