Work Text:
Later, Tony would blame Steve.Given all the world-saving the Avengers did together, one would have thought that Tony would be in life-threatening danger every other day. That was both true, and not. The good captain made it his business to keep an eye on each and every member of his team—and for some reason, he'd decided to make Tony a priority.It probably had a lot to do with the fact that Tony was in theory the only Avenger who didn't have some sort of superpower or super badass spy skills. He was, for lack of a better word, breakable, and while the armor protected him, it couldn't do everything.Steve was no scientist, but he wasn't stupid either, so he gave Tony the puppy-dog eyed look until Tony relented and tried being more careful. In truth, he didn't even realize he was doing it, not until it had been a good year until he'd last died.JARVIS must have figured it out, the little shit, but for the better part of Tony's life, JARVIS had been the only one privy to his secret and he'd never liked the arrangement Tony had with the parental unit. Not that Tony could blame him. JARVIS might intellectually understand that Tony would be fine even if he died, but he still had to witness it, still had to wonder if this was the time Tony wouldn't wake up.Before Loki, Tony might have been able to ignore it. Yes, JARVIS was always quieter and more subdued after one of Tony's episodes, but he did understand. Loki didn't like it at all, and he looked at Tony with those Bambi eyes and Tony was lost.So okay, maybe it wasn't Cap's fault after all, but anyway... Moving on.It was perhaps fitting that when Tony died it was because of something completely dumb. He'd been coming home from a meeting with the SI board and already had a tablet out, looking over some specs for the suit. (Naturally the idea had come to him during the meeting, because he had to do something or his brain would atrophy just at the proximity with those people.) Anyway, he wasn't looking at where he was going and somehow he tripped.At the time, he didn't really realize what was happening. The only thing he knew was that he stepped wrong, flailed back—and then nothing.JARVIS would later show him the video feed and Tony would gape, because how stupid was it for a superhero to die because of tripping on a fucking dog's ball?In all honesty, Steve had told Clint not to leave Lucky's toys lying around, that someone would end up tripping over them and hurting themselves. But apparently, Clint had ignored it, because Tony did, in fact, trip. In a freak turn of events straight out of Final Destination, he fell back, hit the bar, and promptly broke his neck.The chances of something like that happening were slim to none, but hey, Tony would take it—since as ways to die, it was relatively painless. Of course, the Avengers didn't know that.Tony woke up to the sound of Steve's dumbstruck voice. Well, he didn't actually wake up. For the moment, he was stuck in that limbo that always seemed to happen right before his mom came to sweep him away.Steve was, of course, completely unaware. "This isn't happening. This isn't happening. He can't be...""Steve, we have to call it in," Natasha was saying, and was it Tony's impression or was her voice shaking slightly?"No!" Steve shouted. "He's not dead.""This is all my fault," Clint whispered. "All my fault."Thor and Loki chose that exact moment to make their appearance. "My friends," Thor boomed. "What is amiss?""Tony... He's... He's dead.""Dead," Loki repeated. "Oh, for crying out loud."Loki stalked to Tony's side and knelt next to him. His hands gripped Tony's head and suddenly, Tony could breathe and see again. He blinked and looked up at Loki. "Thanks, Reindeer. Appreciate it."Loki gave him a wounded look. "You promised me."Tony scratched his head awkwardly. "Sorry, Lo. I tripped.""It's true, Master Loki. It was an accident. Agent Barton left his pet's toy in the middle of the corridor."JARVIS's voice was like flint when he said Clint's name, and oh, JARVIS was mad. Loki's nostrils flared, sparks of green flaring around his fingertips.He'd have probably done something regrettable, but the other Avengers were crowding around Tony. Steve was still pale and his eyes were very wide as he scanned Tony from head to toe. "Tony? What... This is some sort of dream, isn't it?"Natasha looked between Tony and Loki suspiciously, and Tony could tell she was already coming up with weird theories, probably something along the line of Tony being a Skrull or something equally as ridiculous. Clint was just quiet. Tony was grateful Bruce wasn't around, because a visit from the Hulk was the last think this scene needed.Thor didn't look surprised, but then, Thor was nowhere near as dumb as most people assumed. A lot of his lack of understanding came from culture shock, but once Loki had moved in and joined them in their Avenging, he'd started to be far more comfortable and adapted to everything far better.As far as Tony knew, Loki hadn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Established Relationship
Crack Treated Seriously
Temporary Character Death
dark themes
Post-Thor: The Dark World

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

