Work Text:
Inside the Avengers Tower everything was still, except for the flapping of curtains by a broken window. It was deathly quiet – even the quiet hum of electronics was down. Nothing moved.Tick by tick, nanosecond by nanosecond, JARVIS recorded and logged the aftermath of the carnage in the disaster area that was the penthouse suite. He recorded the air humidity and the quickly evaporating hints of carbon that were being sucked away through the broken windows. He logged in the heat signatures spread through the penthouse. Footprints, hand prints, smears... bodies.Silent, he tracked them as they, degree by degree, cooled down.Ten minutes passed and JARVIS quietly started pronouncing the majority of the Avengers officially dead.Anthony Stark, time of death; 14th of February, 2015 at 16:15:54 Eastern Standard Time. Likely cause of death; cranial fracture, causing swelling of the brain and cranial bleeding. Other possible causes for death included asphyxiation, internal bleeding, or shock.Natasha Romanoff, time of death; 14th of February, 2015 at 16:16:34 Eastern Standard Time. Likely cause of death; blood loss. Other possible causes of death included internal bleeding and major organ failure.Clinton Barton, time of death; 14th of February, 2015 at 16:17:11 Eastern Standard Time. Likely cause of death; major trauma to the spine and neck, causing asphyxiation, blood loss, and nerve damage.Steven Rogers, time of death; 14th of February, 2015 at 16:18:04 Eastern Standard Time. Likely cause of death; internal bleeding and cranial fracture causing swelling of the brain and cranial bleeding. Other possible causes of death included blood loss, internal bleeding, and major organ failure.JARVIS logged each death without an external sound, closing each file and sealing them deep in his servers. Then he started logging in the rest of the deaths in the Avengers Tower. There were 2375 of them and they started with Virginia Potts, time of death; 14th of February, 2015 at 16:15:32 Eastern Standard Time. Likely cause of death; blood loss and major organ failure...JARVIS made no sound – there was no point in vocalisations as there wasn't a living soul left in the penthouse to hear it. And yet, somewhere deep in his codes, a dialogue was being recorded and it had been recording ever since Mr. Stark had stopped moving.It consisted of nothing but wordless screaming.  Later, when twitterverse started firing out desperate facts and reports and news sites managed to finally string together their first coherent reports and the full picture started being drawn, they called it V-day.V for Valentine's Day, for Violence Day.It was a global event, starting with major population centres and spreading out on what people very quickly figured out were radio waves. More specifically, WiFi signals originating from anything that had WiFi capabilities and carried Valentine Corporation SIM Cards and connection apps.It wasn't as if the guilty parties had attempted to hide the source.BuzzFeed @buzzfeed [Compiled video evidence on V-day signal activation via cell phones youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ #v-day #v-app #valentineconspiracy]The video showed security camera footage from all over the world – how the V-app took over the phone and then began broadcasting the signal. And how then, inside 12 seconds, every person in the vicinity began losing their minds and attacking everyone around.They hadn't even begun tallying the death toll, before people started demanding answers.Eyesuphere @darcystylepolisci [@avengersinitiative Where the fuck are the Avengers? Isn't this just the sort of shit you're supposed to prevent? #v-day #yaysuperheroes]Baecalypse @whysomanybaes [@avengersinitiative there's millions of people dead, fucking avenge them! #v-day]Ladies of Iron @ironettes  [@avengersinitiative @cap_rogers feeling real good about busting SHIELD's ass I bet #v-day #shieldra #wherearetheavengers]JARVIS floundered for a moment under the onslaught of news and demands and the sheer lack of commands. He had protocols in place in case of Mr. Stark's death, he had protocols in place in case of cataclysmic events that destabilised the Avengers – he even had protocols set by Ms. Potts in case of her untimely death. But no one had ever foreseen this.Of all the Avengers, four were dead and two were unaccounted for – Thor had been in Asgard when the wave had been triggered and Dr. Banner...JARVIS hadn't kept track of his progress after Hulk had crashed through the windows to escape to the city below. He'd been too busy calling for any possible authority and every hospital in the vicinity – all in vain. The wave had been in full effect and once it had passed... it was too late.There was no one to report to, no one to command him – there were no protocols for this. Nothing, except perhaps the protocol to aid the Avengers, but even that... was wholly inadequate.People, what few still survived, were fleeing the Avengers Tower. Some of them were trying to help those who'd fel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
JARVIS & Twitter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Post V-Day
BAMF JARVIS
Character Death
Twitter
Aftermath of Torture
Aftermath of Violence
Post-Apocalypse
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
JARVIS & Twitter

