Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was kind of a dare, and it was sort of at a party, which were both excuses Tony and Clint used a lot, because "we were drunk" was not an excuse Steve would put up with. Technically "it was at a party" wasn't either, but he and Tony had shouted their way through several arguments over "it was a dare", and the result was that Steve no longer got into fights over dares. Because Tony knew his history, and he knew that if Steve Rogers was telling someone not to take a dare, Steve Rogers was being a giant hypocrite. 
"It's honestly not that hard to get your ass on a ballot," Tony said, tipping his beer at the presidential debate going on silently on one of the televisions. The Avengers had developed several patterns around their missions against Hydra, and Tony liked the post-assault protein-load that they usually did right after, but the post-assault party the weekend following a mission, that was his favorite. 
"There's a ton of paperwork, isn't there?" Clint asked.
"Not really that much. I mean," Tony corrected, "Not that much if you have, you know, your own legal department." 
"Oh, rich-dude-not-much," Clint teased. "So you could run for president pretty easily, huh?"
"Sure, if I wanted the job. Who the fuck wants to be president? Have you seen what it does to people? George Bush aged twenty years in the four years he was in the White House. Barack Obama looks like he needs ten thousand naps. Besides," he added philosophically, "there are too many hookers in my past."
"How many is too many to be president?" Clint asked.
"Five."
"Five, really? That's the number?"
"At once? Yeah," Tony replied. Clint gave him an awestruck salute. "Thank you, innocent one. See, now, you could be president." 
"How do you know I don't have a sordid past?"
"Doesn't matter, I'm sure SHIELD erased it. Why, do you?" 
"Nah," Clint said. "I'm an all-American corn-fed boy scout. I've been arrested a couple of times but never in my own name, and usually not in-country."
"See? You were in the Army, right?" 
"Yeah," Clint said, sounding suddenly suspicious. 
"And then you worked in intelligence, which the conservatives like. You're single, though, that's potentially a problem." Tony peered at him. "You don't have a secret wife and two-point-five kids hidden away on a farm somewhere, do you?"
Clint stared at him. "No..."
"Hm. Would you be willing to be married off in the service of your presidential campaign? Can't be Natasha, she's a Commie."
"Hill would marry me," Clint said. 
"HILL!" Tony yelled. Maria looked up from where she was making conversation with some of Steve's old-guy soldier friends, then ambled over.
"Yeah?" she asked, leaning on the couch. 
"Clint's gonna run for president, would you marry him?"
She gave Clint an assessing look. "I'm gonna pull an Eleanor Roosevelt." 
"Like being a lesbian Eleanor Roosevelt or like being a loud social activist Eleanor Roosevelt?" Tony asked.
"Both."
"Sold." 
"See you in the White House," Hill said, and went back to the bar.  
"Who's gonna be my running mate?" Clint asked. "If I'm running as an independent I can't just take whoever lost to me in the primaries." 
Tony's eyes drifted over the room and landed on Steve, who had been accosted by groupies and was, for once, smiling and looking unafraid. He might already be drunk; Thor had given him his own stash of Asgardian liquor, and Steve tended to save it for special occasions like "celebrating America" and "talking to women". 
"Oooh," Clint said, following his gaze. "That's a lock. Does he need to marry a social activist lesbian too?"
"No, he can stay single, a hot VP would be a nice change," Tony said. "He'll play well to center-liberal soccer moms and, I don't know, militia members." 
"What I'm hearing," Clint said, "is that between my SHIELD job and Steve's national symbolism, we could be running as conservative independents." 
"Well, that'd work right up until Steve wore his HER BODY, HER CHOICE t-shirt again," Tony said. 
"Oh man, that was the best week ever," Clint replied nostalgically. 
"I'm serious, we could do this," Tony insisted. "It's about time I stirred some shit, and politics is more, whatever, socially relevant than another sex tape. It'd be fun social satire."
"Hey, I'm not arguing." Clint held up both hands innocently. "If you wanna, I'm on board."
"Too loud in here for voice recognition...Jarvis," Tony said, taking out his Starkphone and holding it to his ear.
"Sir," Jarvis replied.
"Clint's gonna run for president."
"An excellent choice for your inevitable shadow government, sir."
"Sass," Tony said affectionately. "I need you to marry him to Agent Hill, backdate it a couple'a years, and make sure neither of them have any scandals available to the public. Then get his name registered as an independent candidate, with Steve as VP."
"Shall I start a war chest, sir?"
"Sure," Tony said agreeably. "Throw a couple million in. Uh, the campaign donation limit from every account. No illegal donation mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Political Campaigns
Comedy
Crack
shadow government
The West Wing - Freeform
RPF

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

