Work Text:
Just looking at the creature set his skin to crawling, and all Thor could think was that Loki had made alliance with this thing. And wondered, as he had before, what kind of desperation he had been in to think…
He wished, not for the first time, that Odin would let him visit Loki in his prison. Speak to him. But for the moment, his presence was required here, with the Chitauri emissary and his mother and father, listening to overtures ostensibly of diplomacy. He had stopped paying attention a long while ago, and Frigga elbowed him subtly to bring him back.
“…do the Chitauri, who have been enemies of Asgard, offer in exchange for this favorable alliance?” Odin was saying, and Thor held in the urge to sigh. I don’t like this, he’d said to Odin, at the conclusion of their first day of talks, and Odin had given him a serious, considering look.
Nor do I, he’d said, but they must be dealt with. If we do not have care, the ripples of your brother’s mischief may spread far and wide. 
Thor still didn’t like it. Still felt something prickling against his instincts, not quite unease, but a kind of wariness. He struggled to focus.
“We have brought you a gift,” it said. “A gesture of goodwill. Thanos wishes you to know that any injury done to you he counts as done to himself.” Thor tensed, the itch of something wrong only growing, but Odin remained still.
“And what is it,” he said, voice cool and calm, carefully measured in the way Thor thought he would never be able to master, “Thanos thinks to gift us?”
The creature made an expression that looked like a sneer but was probably intended as a smile. “This,” it said, and gestured back to its comrades. One stepped forward from the little cluster, dragging something with him, and flung it on the floor before the throne.
Frigga made a strange, strangled noise and her hands flew over her mouth. At first Thor didn’t understand why, because even if whatever it was was filthy (leaving a red smear on the floor) and looked grotesque, his mother had seen worse. More alarming to him was the insult of gifting them-
He understood it a moment later. Or rather, recognized. Under the grime and blood and filth, Thor could just make out the gleam of pale skin, matted dark hair, torn green cloth. He surged to his feet, stomach in his throat. He heard Volstagg, sitting with his friends off to the side (as part of the guard, they had insisted on it) curse under his breath.
“Thor,” said Odin, simply, warning, and Thor was about to wheel on him and ask if he knew, but then he noticed Odin’s hand clenched on the side of the throne, shaking very slightly. Thor wavered. “Explain yourself,” the Allfather went on, to the emissary. He wasn’t moving, Thor thought, panicked. Hadn’t made a sound on hitting the floor, even, how…
“We bring to you the traitor Loki.” (Not Loki, Thor’s brain insisted, it couldn’t be Loki, not…that thing, limp and helpless and unmoving.) If the emmisary could not grin the expression was clear enough in its voice. “Thanos has deemed him duly chastised for his actions. We return him to you, contrite and-“ He paused, cast a look down at Loki that made Thor want to break his bones one at a time. “—largely harmless.”
Odin stood. Thor could see his knuckles whiten where they were wrapped around Gungnir. “You had no right,” he said. “Loki is of Asgard. His punishment was for us to decide, not you. Your master presumes too much.”
The creature did not seem surprised, or concerned. “My master meant no disrespect,” it said, with a lack of contrition that was anything but respectful. “We were clearly misinformed; I was told that the traitor Loki was not of Asgard at all. Besides, the offense of this traitor was not only to your people but to him as well, and-”
“I am not deceived,” Odin said, sharply, cutting it off. “Your master would see fit to threaten me and all of Asgard.”
“You see a threat in the return of this wretch? The eye of Odin sees treachery where there is only goodwill.”
Loki still hadn’t moved. Thor couldn’t even see if he was breathing. “You had no right to lay hands on my brother,” he burst out, unable to keep his silence, and this time Odin didn’t even glance at him. The emissary did, however, and sneered.
“You are quick to claim this crawling dog, this sniveling cur-”
Thor jerked a step forward and managed to stop himself as Odin’s voice rolled out like thunder. “Enough. You have given your message. I have given mine. Now go. Your welcome here expires.”
“Will you keep our…gift?” the creature asked, and Thor vowed to himself that if it looked at Loki like that again he would have its head. “Or do you scorn that as well?”
“Go.” Odin’s voice held hints of thunder.
“As you will, Allfather,” said the emissary, and he and his comrades turned for the door. He paused, just before it. “I wish you good sport of your traitor.” Thor’s fingers itched for Mjolnir.
The moment the door closed, Thor bounded down the steps and over to the crumpled figure on the floor, pulling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
gratuitous whump is my favorite genre
Hurt/Comfort
Suicide Attempt
self indulgence at its finest
suspiciously sappy endings
Brother Feels
Thor Feels
Loki Feels
I am a dangerous creature
shameful amounts of whump
Hopeful Ending
questionable writing choices
took longer to write than quality would suggest
Emotion Porn
Aftermath of Torture
Post Avengers (Movie)

fandom: 
Loki & Thor

