Work Text:
+
“Sir, with all due respect, I don’t think this was really necessary,” Steve cautions, gaze fixed on the screens in front of them. 
Beside him, Director Fury doesn’t shift, doesn’t so much as blink. “He was out of control, Captain. You saw what he did to those robots last week.”
“Sir, those robots were hostile. Tony was saving all our lives.”
Fury growls. “He pulverized them. He split them right down to their very atoms. And we did not know he could do that.”
Steve bites his lip hard and doesn’t say, So it’s not knowing that’s scaring you.
He keeps his gaze on the screens. They show an endless sea of white. White walls, white floor. White ceiling, from some angles. White bed.
The only color in the room – cell – is Tony’s prone form and the straps holding him tied down, spread eagle, helpless. 
“I can accept that,” he lies. Better than he used to. Tony taught him how. Tony taught him a lot of things he shouldn’t know. A lot of dirty tricks and secrets. “But is it really necessary to do… this… while you secure his suits?”
Finally, the Director looks up, blinking his one eye owlishly at Captain America. “Necessary? Is it necessary? That man,” he points at the screens. Tony. “Revolutionized the technological world in a cave. With a box of scraps. He developed the most powerful weapon the world has ever seen. In the goddamn desert. So do I think it is necessary to restrain him securely while we invade his tower and take away his toys, his schematics and everything else he ever built that can so much as tickle a person? You’re damn right I do!”
At least the man knows what it is he’s doing.
Steve clenches his jaw, torn. Seeing Tony lying there, spread eagle, defenseless, is horrible. That’s his friend. That’s the man that flew a nuke into space to save them. That’s the man that spent countless hours in his labs, redesigning the weapons and battle suits of his teammates just to make them that much better, faster, stronger. Safer. 
That’s Tony. 
But the Director isn’t wrong. What Tony did to those robots last week was… chilling. He pressed a button, made a flippant comment, and then turned them to ash. Less than ash. 
And Steve knows that if the older man were aware right now, he’d be giving SHIELD hell over trying to take his tech. Tony is nothing if not possessive.
Steve honestly can’t say how far Tony would go against his allies. Would he stop them? Injure them? Kill them? Would he atomize them like he did last week’s villain?
And that’s what scares him. That’s why he’s here, and not down there, freeing his friend. He doesn’t know how far Tony would go. He doesn’t know what the other man is capable of.
He guesses that makes him not much better than the Director, in the end. 
“Hold on,” Fury suddenly barks, starling Steve. “Volume, zoom in,” he demands, his gaze fixed back on the screens. 
Blinking, the blond realizes that Tony is not only awake, but talking. His lips are moving and then sound joins image and they hear, “-help me out here?”
An automated, vaguely female voice answers. It’s the computer that runs the detention levels. Surveillance, security, those things. “I am sorry, sir. You are not currently authorized to access me in any way. If you have a request you wish for me to pass on, I may do so, however.”
Tony grimaces, rolls his shoulders against the bed and then suddenly slumps. “Alright,” he drawls. “Where am I?”
“I am authorized to tell you that you are in a SHIELD containment cell until further notice. I may not give you any further information.”
Something ugly flashes across Tony’s face, fast and vicious and angry. It’s gone as fast as it appeared and Steve blinks, as much against the afterimage burned into his eyelids, as against the shiver running down his spine. 
Tony nods in acceptance.
“Thank you for being so – “
The computer gets cut off by the engineer. “Override code: B-2-7-3 X, initiate. Program: 7-1-8-alpha.”
For a moment, nothing happens. Into the silence, Steve asks, “Is that computer Starkware?”
Fury growls. “I used to be. We cannibalized it. Stripped it down to its very core. There is no way…”
“Override code accepted. Programs booting. Welcome, Mr. Stark. How may I be of service?”
Steve groans even as Fury hits the alert button, setting flashing red lights off everywhere a split second before the video feed cuts out. The last thing they see is Tony sitting up, rubbing his wrists, lips moving in an endless stream of orders. “You let him have access to his own tech? I thought that’s what you were trying to stop!”
“It was cannibalized! There was nothing left of the basic programming except single lines of code! How the fuck did he…!”
The Director gives up his ranting in favor of unholstering his gun and barking orders into his comm. He waves for Steve to follow and Steve does, because he is a good soldier. 
He is a good soldier.
They make their way through chaos and panic toward the central command floor. It’s deserted, due to the evacuation and they slam into an empty room w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
BAMF!Tony
Trust Issues
Loss of Trust
Unrealiable Narrator
uhm...
Dark

fandom: 
None
