Chapter 1: Snowed In
    




Chapter Text
Bucky runs his hand over the pale expanse of bare skin in front of him. His head is cradled in the soft slope at the small of Steve’s back and all he can see is the rise of Steve’s shoulder and his mussed hair beyond it. “I always forget how useless you are after you fuck me,” Bucky says.Steve makes a soft humming noise that sounds like a laugh. Bucky feels it rumble beneath his cheek.“It’s all pull out and roll over and go to sleep.”“I always knew in my heart I was a 1950s husband,” Steve says.“Meanwhile I’m left to live a quiet life of desperation, cigarettes, and constant drunkenness.”“You’d make such a perfect housewife, darling.” Bucky can hear the smile in Steve’s voice and he runs a finger from one freckle to another on Steve’s back as he shivers beneath the touch. “I feel a great kinship to Betty Draper right now,” Bucky says. Steve laughs out loud at that and turns his head enough to peer over his shoulder at Bucky.“Can you blame me though?” he asks. “I know you’re not able to admire your own ass but let me assure you it’s really fucking amazing. It’s exhausting work worshipping it as it was meant to be worshipped.”A loud bark of laughter escapes Bucky’s mouth. Steve is utterly ridiculous. “So my ass is to blame?”Steve says, “Yes,” without an ounce of embarrassment.“Well,” Bucky says as he turns himself over onto his stomach. “If we’re blaming asses right now I’d like to lodge a formal complaint about this one.” Bucky gives Steve’s ass a slap which makes him jump and start to laugh. “Oh, I know my ass is fantastic. I won’t argue with you on that.”“Always so modest,” Bucky says as he presses a kiss to the slightly pink skin and runs his hand over the perfect curve. Not that Bucky can fault him for his bragging, Steve’s ass makes him nearly crazy with want. He’s sure he could spend hours lying between Steve’s legs with his face buried in it; licking, kissing, fucking his tongue into Steve until he makes those desperate little whimpering noises that make Bucky’s cock ache. Hours and hours until Steve is senseless and crying from it. It’s just one of the many things Bucky wants. And that’s been the problem this past year; so much Bucky craves, but so little time. He takes what he can get, grabbing an hour here, two there, whenever Steve can get away from his courses, his needy students, and all the other things that keep him from Bucky. They seem to be endless, those things, and sometimes Bucky wonders where he even falls on the list. Is he near the top? Somewhere in the middle maybe? He hopes for the former but assumes it’s the latter. He doesn’t fool himself into thinking this thing the two of them have is as important to Steve as it is to him. Sometimes he thinks he’ll lose Steve if he ever finds out what it actually means to him, it’s just too much, and Steve has never claimed to want that. It’s meant to be casual, all of it, but for Bucky that was months and endless kisses and fucks ago. Sometimes he wants the ability to go back in time just to be able to laugh at his younger self; laugh and point at him when he first fucks Steve and thinks that’s all it will ever be. He’d laugh as he tells him how he’ll agree to see Steve again and how, that next time, Steve will kiss him slow and sweet and it will never be casual again. He wonders what it would be like to watch himself fall. There has never been anyone like this, like Steve, and Bucky is ill-equipped to handle it. He feels like he’s flying through a dark night at a terrifying speed, out of control and helpless, and it’s only by a goddamn miracle he hasn’t crashed and burned. Steve moves under his touch, arches into him, greedy and absolutely shameless about it. Steve is never shy and it utterly fascinates Bucky the way he opens up, the freedom and comfort he has in his own body. Bucky’s never been that way with another person, but maybe it’s only because he wasn’t with Steve before. He couldn’t let go until he found him. Bucky bites down lightly on Steve’s ass as he moves his hips against the bed, rubbing his cock against the sheets. Steve moans, says Bucky’s name in that way of his that means, ‘yes, yes, so good,’ and ‘come on already, more, I want more.’Bucky is about to get up on his knees so he can move over and settle himself between Steve’s thighs and give his ass proper attention when his phone rings. “Shit,” he mumbles as he presses another kiss to Steve’s ass. “Ignore it. I’m not answering.”But Steve being Steve, ignores him and grabs the phone off the bedside table. “Fuck, is that the time?” he says as he rolls away from Bucky and off the bed. “I’ve got to get going. I’ll miss the 6:00 train.” Steve tosses the phone onto the bed next to Bucky. “It’s Natasha, you better answer.”Bucky frowns as he watches Steve start to collect his clothes. Out of sheer stubbornness he presses ignore and drops the phone back on the bed. Steve sees what he does and laughs at him.“You’re such a child.”“Come back to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Friends With Benefits
Fluff and Angst
Banter
Snowed In
Idiots in Love
Rimming
Slice of Life
Breathplay
Love Confessions
Sharing Clothes
Sharing a Bed
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
POV Bucky Barnes
Mutual Pining
Ass Play
Hand Feeding
Made For Each Other
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Endearments
Bottom Steve
Aftercare
Bottom Bucky (implied)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

