Chapter 1: How to Buy Friends and Get Kidnapped
    




Chapter Text

May 2015, Cambridge, MA

Tony could safely say that getting arrested sucked. Well, maybe the whole handcuffs and Miranda Rights part didn’t suck nearly as much trying to deal with a truly epic hangover from within jail. Tony was dying. He needed coffee, he needed at least half a bottle of Advil and he needed food - ideally hangover-curing pancakes. It went without saying (even though Tony had loudly said as much to whoever in the police station that would listen to him) that he was getting none of these from within a jail cell. Tony lay on what police station was generously calling a “bed” and reflected on the sad state of his coffee and pancake-less life while doing his best to ignore the throbbing in his head. God, if felt like someone was repeatedly and vindictively hitting him in the head with a hammer. Tony spared a moment to thank last-night Tony for at least abstaining from any substances harder than alcohol. A loud clang from doorway of his cell sent another spike of pain through Tony’s head.
“Alright Stark, get your ass up, you’re free to go” called out a voice. Tony cracked his eyes open - and boy was that a mistake, everything was too bright and kind of spinny - and saw an unnecessarily loud and unpleasant policeman standing at the door of his jail cell, which was now open. The police officer seemed vaguely familiar, and Tony thought he might have been one of the officers that arrested him outside of the club last night.
“Oh thank god, I need coffee and drugs.” Seeing the look on the policeman’s face, Tony quickly amended, “Not those kind of drugs, I promise! My stay here at your lovely establishment has made me see the light. I’m going on the straight and narrow, no more illegal substances for me, Officer, no siree.”
“For god’s sake Stark, just shut up. I don’t think I’ve ever heard a drunk complain as much as you have in the past 12 hours,” growled the policeman.
Swinging his legs over the side of the bed and sitting upright sent another wave of pain (with the added fun of nausea) through Tony’s head as he replied, “Unfortunately for you Officer, while I have many, many talents, shutting up is not one of them.” Tony rubbed a hand over his face and fervently prayed to any deity that might be listening for sunglasses.
The policeman’s face twisted in disgust and he retorted, “Well, it seems as though one of your many ‘talents’ is managing to walk away from multiple arrest charges without a single consequence. All it took was a phone call to Daddy and suddenly the prosecutor was falling all over themselves not to charge you with anything. It was all ‘Tell Mr. Stark how sorry we are for the mistake!’” Under his breath, and with a deadly glare in Tony’s direction, the policeman muttered, “Mistake my ass, it must be nice to live in a world where everything is handed to you.”
Getting gingerly to his feet, Tony shot the officer a cocky grin, “Well Officer, maybe next time you and your friends will think twice before arresting someone like me.” Still smiling, Tony met the eyes of the irate policeman, waving his hand in invitation, “Now, why don’t I do you the honor of letting you escort me out of here?”
Tony followed the sputtering officer, who had seemingly lost the ability to make any other sound except outraged huffs. Apparently, the policeman didn’t have the capacity to come up with a retort which Tony resented because even though he was hungover and sleep deprived, Tony retained his capacity for witty repartee. Tony supposed he couldn’t blame the man, after all, most people were too stupid to keep up with him - even when he wasn’t functioning at 100 percent.
The policeman led Tony past several other jail cells - all empty. “So what, you guys weren’t able to find any actual criminals to arrest last night so you decided to settle for handcuffing poor innocent little old me? Kinky,” snarked Tony.
The officer rounded on Tony, his face going red with what looked like pent up rage, “Listen here you little shit, you broke multiple laws last night including underage drinking and public intox-” Tony cut the officer off before he built up steam on what promised to be a very long and boring rant and with his most innocent smile said, “Now now officer, according to the prosecutor I haven’t committed any crimes. I’m an upstanding citizen! It looks like it’s you guys who were in the wrong, but I’m willing to hear your apology and let bygones be bygones.” Tony watched with glee as the policeman’s face flushed even darker and what looked like a vein started to throb in the man’s forehead.
Just before it seemed the officer was about to start shouting at Tony in earnest, the station captain rounded the corner and barked, “Officer Ritter, get back to your desk! I’ll escort Mr. Stark out.” Officer Ritter looked mutinous, but turned on his heel and strode back down the hallway. Before he left, Tony smirked at Officer Ritter, gave him a small wave and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Slow Build
Identity Porn
Canon-Typical Violence
Eventual Explicit sexual content
Enemies to Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

