Chapter 1



Notes:
This story is fully complete and will be posted as I finish editing, so a chapter every 1-2 days. I'm really excited to begin posting this! It's been a huge project for me after the last few months and I really hope you all enjoy!This story takes place after a purposefully unspecified Civil War-type event. Given the movie coming out soon, I wanted to leave things purposefully vague since I'm sure that film will do better at those events than I could ever. So, while this is canon compliant through the end of Ultron, there are no spoilers for anything that occurs after that time.The rating is for a couple scenes of violence and sexual situations between consenting adults.




Chapter Text
Bucky wakes up, alone, at the end of it all, after everything, and immediately knows exactly what Steve has done. The bed is large and soft around him. And he is alone. His guns are laid neatly nearby, his shirt is folded over a chair, and the sun is warm through the wide window, reflecting off the dark wood of the nightstand and casting shadows on the thick gray carpet.Steve’s clothes are gone - he’d tossed them over the chair last night, torn and dirty from days of living on the run. His shield is gone too - no longer leaning against the wall. His boots are gone from beside the door. The pillows still smell faintly of him, a slight dip in the cushion like Steve had laid on his side, propped up on his elbow, watching Bucky sleep the whole night through.He checks the drawer. His gun is still there, ammunition loaded and safety on, just as it had been the night before. There’s no note on the nightstand, no trinket left on the pillow. When he opens the closet, he finds that Steve’s uniform is missing too. His own boots are sitting against the door, mud caked with flecks of red.He can hear voices in the living room, almost just under the hum of the air conditioning, and he goes into the hallway, cat silent. Sam and Natasha are there in the kitchen, sitting at a large dark oak table with mugs of coffee and folded hands. Their faces are empty, like it’s the morning before a funeral. The coffee looks cold like they’ve been sitting, patiently waiting, for too long. They both look up when he comes in, but neither seem alarmed. Just resigned."What happened?" he asks. His voice is raspy, from days of shouting and running and fighting death from moment to moment. It sounds like he swallowed rooms of smoke and then sobbed after, in great heaves, while Steve pressed his fingers into his skin. He sounds beaten and tired and ready to lay down and sleep.He had thought they were going to get that opportunity. Steve had carried him from the battlefield, just yesterday, held tight to his chest like he was the only victory he had wanted. His uniform had blood crusted along the chest and his eyes had still been dark with worry. But they had been alive. They had been together. With Sam and Natasha’s help, they had stumbled and skulked and finally managed to get up to the cabin, arriving just before sunset. Bucky only vaguely remembers stumbling out of the dark SUV, his head spinning from blood loss. His arm had been over Steve’s shoulder and his feet had dragged against the ground when Steve had gotten him up the wide porch and into the kitchen where Sam could stitch him up.Then, last night, finally in the quiet and safety of their own bedroom, Steve had leaned into him, pushed their mouths together, let his hands hold tight. His skin was warm, smooth, fingers gentle as they skimmed over the deep wound that was already knitting around Bucky’s middle. He had shucked the uniform off when they arrived, dropped into the closet and forgotten in favor of treating Bucky’s wounds. Steve had been mostly alright, a purpling bruise along his jaw, but he had been moving like something deep inside had been lost. After Bucky had been bandaged and wrapped by Sam, they’d retreated to the bedroom. In the safety and silence, they had breathed together, shared air like only lovers can. They had lain in bed together, sheets pulled over them like a tent.Steve had touched him in the dim light of the space, like he was a poem to be memorized.  "I love you," he had said, sounding like a supplicant and this was his final confession. "I love you. I love you." His voice was hushed and Bucky could feel the warmth of his breath on his chin. “You’re safe now, I’m not going to let anything happen to you.”Bucky hadn't been able to say it back, in that moment, still feeling the harshness of his years with Hyrda. Bucky Barnes may have been sinking into his skin bit by bit - but he still felt removed and lost, not close enough to his old self to say the words, separated by years and pain and death from the boy that had easily told Steve Rogers that he loved him. Instead, he had pushed himself into Steve, taken everything he was giving and had given back what he could. He’d breathed into Steve’s mouth, taken Steve into him. He’d wrapped himself around Steve and h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Action/Adventure
Established Relationship
Comic Book Science
Temporary Character Death
Happy Ending
no spoilers for civil war
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

