Work Text:
The first thing Tony notices about Clint Barton is that he’s smart. Yes, he also notices the aim, but that one he didn’t notice, he read from the file. Clint Barton is incredibly sharp, especially for someone who didn’t have a proper school education – ever. First Tony thinks that he’s just battle-savvy, able to notice details others don’t because it’s his job, but then he starts living in the tower. Even Bruce notices. Clint ismuch, much more intelligent than the average person. It makes Tony wonder what he could have been if he grew up in a normal family, with a normal education. The second thing Tony notices about Clint Barton is that he’s shy. Maybe shy isn’t the term as much as socially awkward. It’s not surprising, technically, as he grew up with an alcoholic father, then in a circus that abused him, then became a street thug, and then became a spy. Not exactly the best environment to foster social skills. When someone Clint doesn’t trust talks to him, Clint goes silent and narrow-eyed, as if he’s examining that person’s intent. When someone he trusts talks to him (Which are exactly 4 people in Fury, Hill, Coulson, and Natasha), Clint relaxes noticeably, even quirking the corner of his lips in a tiny smile. When someone in the in-between ground, as in someone who he saved the world with and knows he can trust but doesn’t yet – aka Tony himself, Bruce, Thor, and Steve – Clint gets wide-eyed and silent and looks incredibly nervous like a baby deer. It’s fucking adorable. Tony does it just to see that look. Until Tony decides to bother the healing Coulson and Fury on the Helicarrier, and he hears Clint being bullied. He’s strolling around the Helicarrier for Steve or Clint or Natasha when he sees it. There are three agents around Clint, sneering at him with words Tony can’t hear just yet. Clint doesn’t have his usual calculating glare when he’s dealing with people he doesn’t trust. He instead has his head bowed, his eyes glued to the ground, and.. He looks guilty. And scared. Tony growls out loud and moves closer. As he does, he hears snippets of conversation – threats – that’s enough to tell him they’re picking on him about the Loki incident. Clint looks like he’d rather die, and Tony neatly steps in front of Clint. He feels Clint stiffen immensely, and then relax a fraction when he realizes who it is. “Hey, hey.” Tony’s smile is tight. “Piss off.” “This isn’t any of your business, Stark.” “Agent Barton lives in my house. I think it’s my business. We also saved the world together, if you remember.  Pretty sure that makes it my business.” Tony jabs a finger in one of the agents’ direction. He doesn’t exactly know what he’ll do if these guys decide to take offense, but at that exact timing there’s an ominous clacking of heels down the hall. Natasha’s voice is smoothly frigid. “May I help you gentlemen?” The men bolt. Tony raises an eyebrow in her direction. “Impressive.” He’s about to turn to Clint to ask him if he’s okay, but there’s a sudden movement behind him, and when he turns all he sees is a ceiling vent being put back. “What the.” Natasha’s laughing. “Get used to it. He does that often. What are you doing here, anyway.” “I was bored. But he does that often, huh?” Tony stares at the vent. He suddenly has things to do. -- Tearing apart the tower’s entire ventilation system is a pain in the ass and gives them no air conditioner for an entire 3 hours. But by the time Tony’s done, the vents are wider, cleaner, and much safer to crawl around. He doesn’t think Clint notices it – maybe Clint hasn’t gone around in his vents before? – but a week later, there’s quiet shuffling of the vent cover in his lab, and a thump down onto the ground. Tony turns, fully aware Clint made noise just for his benefit. Clint shuffles around in the lab, poking a piece of metal, and then says, “Thanks.” It’s a quiet mutter, and Tony looks up to see Clint blushing furiously. “For- for the time in the Helicarrier, and – and the vents.” Before Tony can say anything, Clint is scrambling up the vents again, clattering the cover back in place. It’s not until Bruce comes in and says, “Why are you smiling like that?”, that Tony realizes he’s been grinning the entire time. -- Clint makes fast friends with Bruce, which Tony is just a little jealous about. But Bruce is all easy smiles and knows how to calm scared little children, which is essentially what Clint is in Tony’s head. And Clint getting to be friends with Bruce means Clint is hanging around in the lab all the time, especially now that Natasha’s going on missions and he’s not cleared by the psych department yet. He looks fascinated at everything Bruce and Tony do, blinking owlishly (hawkishly?) at machinery and chemicals, asking questions quietly. And as Tony noticed before, Clint is incredibly smart, so he drinks it up like water. He never participates, but Tony can tell by the way his eyes move that he’s following everything Steve and Tony, and is fascinated by it. C
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

