Work Text:
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.
—	Maya Angelou
After Pepper had broken things off with Tony, or possibly he with her (Tony had said mutual decision reached between two adults, but since that had come from the man who'd just blown up the toaster, Clint had felt that it couldn't be taken at face value), Tony had been even more erratic than usual. The Avengers had found themselves collectively entered—most definitely against their will—for a pottery class that they were subsequently kicked out of after Tony had set fire to the work shop. They'd suffered through missions where Tony had insisted on replying to every question or command in rhyme. One memorable morning they had even woken up to find the kitchen suddenly inhabited by a wolf, because Tony had watched some new fantasy show and got ideas. (That last one hadn't been too much of a problem, at least. Thor had adopted it.)So when Tony announced that he was taking up a new hobby and asked to be taught archery, Clint felt he had to do the decent thing and take the worst blast of Tony's weirdness upon himself. For the sake of the team. Natasha sneered at him. "Only Rogers can actually get away with saying things like that," she told him. "You could be supportive," Clint said. The two of them were drinking in his quarters, because those were slightly more uplifting than Natasha's. You could see that there was an actual person living in them, for a start. Natasha had never been good at putting down roots. "He's being a pain in the ass right now, and you realise I'm going to be stuck with him for most of my free time until he gets bored?""You mean for two days, then," Natasha said, unperturbed. "He just needs to wind down a bit."Clint snorted. "But he's so reckless right now. If I manage to stop him from accidentally impaling himself, I'll count that as a success. The same goes if I manage to stop myself from not so accidentally doing it.""Stop whining," Natasha said, opening a new beer. "You always get along with him."That was true, at least. Clint could usually understand where Tony was coming from, even when he was being weird, and they communicated well. There was something about Tony's unapologetic honesty and aversion to subterfuge that attracted Clint, possibly because it was so very opposite to how Clint had lived his life.Then again, Clint thought he got along with most of the other Avengers. He liked to think of himself as an easy-going guy. And compared to the rest of the Avengers, he felt, he was positively normal. (He did not share this last observation with Natasha.)"Besides," Natasha continued, "if he gets really annoying and you feel you really have to get rid of him, you can just treat him like you do the SHIELD trainees. You usually manage to have those crying within the week.""I thought that was you," Clint said, nudging her. She shrugged, lifting one corner of her mouth in a smile. "Let's just say we make a good team." Then her smile widened a little, and she added, "Teaching Stark to shoot probably won't be an entire waste of time for you, either. Whenever I see him in the gym, he's wearing sleeveless shirts."Clint gave her a look he hoped was incredulously amused. "We're on the same team as Steve and Thor and yeah, even Bruce, and you think of Tony as the eye candy?"Natasha swallowed another mouthful of beer. "No," she said. "You do."Natasha was an excellent spy, with a talent for reading a person in less time than it took most people to introduce themselves, and a fucking awful best friend.
Tony showed up to their first archery session on time, which rather surprised Clint, who'd been counting on an hour to himself at the very least. He was also—thank you, Natasha, for ensuring that Clint wouldn't not notice—in a sleeveless shirt and training slacks. "Let's get cracking, Legolas," he said, clapping his hands together. "How soon can you have me a worthy member of the ranks of Lothlorien?" "Legolas was from Mirkwood," Clint said. "You ignorant."Tony grinned, tipping him a wink. "Just testing you," he said. "So, teach me everything you know.""And lose my place in the team?" Clint said lightly. "Let's start with getting you kitted out, before we do anything else. Here. Finger tabs, those go on your drawing hand—the one you pull the string with—and this is a bracer for your bow arm. For you, that would be your left. You should take that off, it'll be in the way." He nodded to the wide, fluffy sweatband Tony was wearing around his left wrist. Tony shook his head. "No," he said. Clint raised his eyebrows. "It's my security blanket," Tony said, in his spinning a yarn-voice. "It was suggested when I was entering college that it would be embarrassing to carry it around with me as was, so I had someone fashion it into something more practical for me. Haven't taken it off since and I'm not going to now."Clint rolled his eyes. Whenever Tony was difficult like this, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Avengers Tower
Community: avengerkink
Translation Available

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

