Chapter 1: It starts with a BANG...
    




Chapter Text
Stretching with a yawn, his shoulders popping in all the wrong places, Tony slowly unfurled himself from the beautifully re-mastered 1961 Ferrari 250 GT California Spider, his fingers lingering on the engine he’d been lovingly fawning over for the past hour or so.“Ah... the amazing Iron Man strikes again.”Snorting, the omega cast his golden gaze across his expansive (if more than slightly cluttered) work-shop to see his investor leering predatorily at the car; if the alpha before him had been a cartoon then Tony was certain there’d be little dollar signs in his eyes.“That’s what you pay me for, boss.”“Pay you? Hah! Now there’s a laugh... if it wasn’t for this bullshit law against omegas’ owning their own businesses then you’d be rolling in so much dough that I’d look like a pauper” the older man said, his sharp blue eyes narrowed angrily before they locked with Tony’s and he offered a playful smile. “Although... I suppose our society’s equality issues aren’t so bad since I get to ogle someone like you whilst you work... those jeans and that smudge of oil on your cheek should be criminal, young man” he chuckled.Rolling his eyes good-naturedly, Tony offered Vernon Van Dyne a wink; “don’t let Jan hear you talk like that, boss, you know how much she hates you shopping around for younger models” he warned with a grin, his left hand swiping a clean rag off his tool-trolley.“Bah! That girl never lets me have any fun... do you know what her latest plan for me is? Vegetarianism! Can you imagine?” the old alpha sighed whilst carefully picking his way through the discarded articles which littered the floor, his walking stick knocking a sprocket or two out of the way. “Oh yeah, heaven forbid that your teenage daughter wants to keep you alive and healthy for as long as possible” the omega quipped, his tone peppered with sarcasm as he swiped at his face before casting another critical glance over the bowels of his latest master-piece.“Gah! You young people today and your ridiculously health-conscious attitudes; don’t drink, don’t smoke, don’t tan! What next, I ask you? What more can all of these quacks spoil?” he grumbled, a gloved hand gently stroking the fresh paint-job whilst letting out an appreciative hum. “At least driving luxury cars hasn’t gone out of style, eh?” he asked with a grin, his pale eyes now wandering over the immaculate craftsmanship within. “By God you do good work... self-taught my ass! One of these days you’ll tell me who your mentor was, won’t you?” he continued whilst tapping the engine. “I swear, I’ve been in this business for over thirty years and never once have I come across a mechanic who can do a better job than the good folks who first put a beaut like this together” he praised with a chuckle.Trying to fight the blush (he’d never been great at receiving praise), Tony simply grinned, his mouth opening to rebuke the alpha before, much to their shared horror, the double doors to his work-shop exploded open, the blast ringing in their ears as three people burst in through the smoke.“Anthony Carbonell! Step away from the vehicle and keep your hands where we can see them” the man in the world’s most convincing Captain America costume he’d ever seen yelled whilst his fellow cosplayers (Black Widow and Hawkeye) sprinted towards him.“Is this some kind of belated birthday joke?” Tony half-yelled over the squealing in his ears, his eyes widening when the femme all but leapt at him, her hands brandishing a pair of hand-cuffs which were swiftly (and painfully) snapped onto his wrists.“What in the world is the meaning of this!?” the oldest member of the room yelled as the blonde omega approached them, his blue gaze (a clear sign that he was mated) narrowed angrily as he forcefully pushed Tony against the car and (somehow) tightened the cuffs at the small of his back.“Oww! Oww! Hey! What the fuck is your problem?”“This is ridiculous! Tony, don’t worry, I’m calling my lawyer...”“That won’t be necessary, Mr Van Dyne” the blue clad alpha called as Hawkeye pulled him back up and ordered him to move. “Mr Carbonell is being detained by Shield under terrorism charges” he added sternly, his eyes almost as narrowed as the omega who was roughly pushing him forward.“Terrorism?!”“This is outrageous! Just you wait until my people get a hold of our CCTV footage! I’ll ensure you’re charged and reprimanded for assault if nothing else!” the former scientist snarled whilst Tony tripped and grumbled his way through the cars he was working on, his eyes blinking in the dust as he tried not to flinch at the pressure strengthening on his arms.“Hey, d’you mind? I’m not putting up any resistance...”“If I were you” Hawkeye ground out, his expression murderous. “I’d keep my mouth shut... but, if you’re looking to give me an excuse...” he trailed off threateningly, his hands giving another firm squeeze to Tony’s bound wrists.“Stand-down” the Widow ordered as they walked out a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
alternative universe
Alpha Loki
Super Villain Loki
BAMF Loki
Protective Loki
Omega Tony Stark
Tony Stark is a mechanic
Iron Man is his Vlogging Alias
No Powers Tony Stark
rating could go up
Explicit Language
Alpha Phil Coulson
Omega Clint Barton
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Secret Identity
Secret Identity Fail
The Chitauri are Space Pirates
Miðgarðr | Midgard
Ásgarðr | Asgard (realm)
Misunderstandings
Nick Fury is a Dick... Until he isn't
Howard Stark Is a Dick
BAMF Maria Carbonell
Sexist Language
Sexist Society
more TBA - Freeform
Trauma
My Boyfriend's an Alien
The feels...
Their Love Is So

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne
Jane Foster/Thor

