Chapter 1: The Little Princess
    




Chapter Text
The princes come with their exalted Father arriving amidst a hail of pomp and pageantry all parties would rather forgo. This is war, where men die, their blood purchasing land and peace until it is time for more men and more blood to balance the ledger. But your mother adheres to the old rules of hearth and hospitality. The Lords of Asgard must be given their due despite the grim business precipitating their arrival. She summons you, making a sour face at your choice of dress. “Katkat,” She calls you, her voice slipping into the comforts of your land’s mother tongue. Its closest approximation in the common language places the word on the paternal side of “beloved”. Inflect the vowel sounds - 'kotkot'- and you take it from paternal to romantic. But there's nothing paternal or affectionate in her face or voice, both thunderous as the grey clouds that herald the arrival of the Lords Odin, Thor, and Loki. “Katkat, why are you dressed thus? Did you forget our royal company?” “I did not, manmae.” Mama you call her, you call her, your voice also lacking the warmth such an informal address implies. “I have dressed appropriate to our situation.” You wear your leathers. Black and austere, lacking the intricate grooved patterns your people are known across the realm for. Your pastures breed the horses Odin Allfather’s soldiers ride to war upon. Your tanners cure and cut the leather that braid their whips and saddles. Your furs fill Frigga Allmother’s wardrobe and the treasure chests of many a noble lady. The labors of your people, while not extraordinarily luxurious, grant a small measure of wealth and with it with it autonomy that your family has held stewardship over for ageless generations of which you are the sole heir. “You are dressed to receive battle wounds not princes!” You bristle, feeling the fight rise with the hairs at the back of your neck. Manmae wanted a doll but was blessed with you instead. She tried to make you into 'proper princess, but you abandoned dresses and pastels around the time you abandoned the safety of a nursemaid, a nursemaid who never--you recall with a fond grin--managed to abandon you. “Are we not at war, Mother? Silk will not turn a blade!” You hiss, your address finally matching your tone. The flecks of green in her brown eyes shimmer like fat in a skillet just before it smokes. Her mouth opens to retort when that nursemaid, Hava, arrives, the perfect shield deflect mother and daughter's anger. “My ladies! The vanguard arrives at the palace gates where where Our Esteemed Lords await you both. Come. We mustn't keep them waiting. Cookie is in the middle of a mince pie he swears will touch off Ragnarok if it's not served precisely 30 minutes from the oven! I’ve seen that everything is in place for the welcome ceremony. All we need are you two.” Hava’s smile replaces her curtsy and you feel the fight drain from you. Mother and daughter both mouth a silent ‘thank you’ to Hava for her rescue, each convinced she saved the other from an unwinnable fight. She mouths separate acknowledgments back, keeping peace for just a little while longer. ** You met Odin Allfather and his sons precisely once before, during a ball of little importance that imparted no significant memory. What you know of them you know through tale and rumor. Odin is just and wise. His son Thor is brutish and arrogant. His son Loki is cunning and severe. They look every bit like the rumors that precede them while looking just as tired and impatient with their receiving ceremony as you are.  Loki jabs his brother in the ribs directing Thor’s attention to the Sage announcing the Rites of War. Something sparks in Loki’s hand and the ancient ancient wooden scroll the Sage reads from, an arrangement of flattened sticks lashed together by thin straps of leather, fly apart in his hands, scattering to the ground with a comical clacking noise that startles awake some of the older, more senile Sages. The brothers share a quiet laugh that Odin either misses or ignores. But you witness it all, though, start to finish. “Children,” you mutter, turning away in disgust. Thor starts a bit, turning his head down, faking, at least, his contrition at being caught in a cruel jest while Loki fixes a glare upon you that had it teeth, would strip flesh from bone. You challenge that stare, forgetting the Sage as he haphazardly rambles the bits of the Rites he can remember as acolytes scurry about his feet to reclaim the scattered pieces of the scroll. This is your home! These are your people you will give to the Allfather to aid in his war. People who may not come back whole, or may not come back at all.  You will pay the the proper respects and will have your own due back! The servants usher you to the feast before you find out who blinks first.   You keep quiet at the table, your Uncle, Commander Fa’dan, filling up the empty spaces of the hall with his booming, laugh-laced voice. Thor takes to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Smut
Erotica
Slow Burn
Enemies to Lovers
Family Drama
Drama & Romance
Action/Adventure
Action & Romance
Palace Intrigue
the slowest of burns
Loki is a dick
and the biggest tsundere
Loki Needs a Hug
so does the reader
eventually they hug
and do more...
Pining
Mutual Pining
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Unresolved Romantic Tension
Sex
Loss of Virginity
Odin's Bad Parenting
Awesome Frigga
Implied/Referenced Suicide

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

