Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter ran up the stairs as fast as he could. He had to get to Bucky before Steve did. This was going to be bad. How could Peter have been so stupid? Too many things were running through his head. He just prayed that he got to Bucky. He needed a fair warning before Captain America threw a shield at him.“Jarvis! Can you please delay Steve until I get to Bucky! Stop the elevator do something!” Peter yelled. He was almost too where he needed to be. This was going to be a long day, and he just knew it. “Can you give Natasha and Clint the down low of what’s about to go down?”“As you wish Peter.” Jarvis replied dryly.“I appreciate it!” Now all he had to do was make sure he could save Bucky’s life. Because a raging Super Soldier against an unsuspecting Super Soldier would be bad. If Thor found out there was fighting, he would join in. Then Clint and Natasha would go a few rounds with them. Heaven forbid Bruce finds out or gets involved. *Earlier* Peter was currently working in the lab with Tony. His dad was working on his armor and Peter was working on his science fair project that Tony would give small comments on. Peter took those to heart and made adjustments. It was a quiet day in the Avenger’s Tower. Natasha, Clint and Bucky were currently in the gym. Bruce was in his lab doing experiments. Thor was watching T.V. along with Sam. Peter wiped his for head. He set his tools down and stretched. Tony was bobbing his head along with the loud music.“Jarvis, music off now!” A voice boomed throughout the room. Tony jumped and dropped his welding torch. Thankfully, it turned off when he let go. The music cut off sharply and Peter looked up from his spot on the floor. Steve was walking in and he was scowling.“What did you do to piss him off Dad?” Peter said quietly. Tony looked appalled.“I didn’t do anything!” To Peter. “Right? I swear I didn’t do it! I love you!” To Steve. The Captain kept walking toward the duo.“Peter, would you like to tell me what this is?” Steve had his Captain America voice on. Peter cringed. He looked to see what Steve was holding. Peter’s eyes widened. He looked at his phone and at the messages that adorned the screen. Peter could feel Tony leaning over his shoulder to look at the screen. Tony let out a cough and looked down to Peter. Raising his eyebrow slowly.‘Just wait until I get done. I’m going to mark you as mine for everyone to see.’
‘Yeah? What else are you planning?’

‘I’m going to thrust inside you and make you scream my name all night.’
“Wow, Peter I didn’t know you liked the kinky type. You really should work on your dirty talk though.” Tony smirked and Peter’s ears turned pink. Tony looked up and saw Steve’s face. He cleared his throat and patted the boy’s shoulder. “I mean, Peter you are only 17, you shouldn’t even be having these conversations… and…” Tony looked around not meeting Steve’s eyes. “Uh… Listen to Steve.” Tony walked back to pick up his welding torch. Peter looked anywhere and everywhere besides Steve.“Look at me Peter. Who is this?” Steve stared down at the teen.“Uh…”“Look at me young man.” Peter snapped his eyes up, standing he fiddled with his hands.“I won’t ask again.” Peter let out a sigh. He looked toward Tony. His adopted father gave him a pitying look.“Can you not freak out…? Just be open-minded. We are perfectly safe. He’s a great person!” Peter looked down. Steve said nothing, and crossed his arms. Now you would think, Peter would be freaking out like any normal teenager about his parents going through his phone. But, he had been feeling guilty about dating someone without telling them. He also, was mortified that Steve had seen those messages. But, most of all he was guilty because he was dating Steve’s best friend. A one James Buchanan Barnes, AKA Bucky. Steve leveled him with a stare.“Okay, let’s just take a minute to breathe. Steve I’m sure whoever he is with is a very well put together person.” Tony broke in. Steve let out a breath and Peter rubbed the back of his neck. “Now Peter is it someone from school?” He shook his head. Tony looked perplexed. “Is it someone you met as Spider-Man?” Another shake. “Do we know him?” A moment and then a nod.“Who is it Peter?” Steve asked. Who totally lied about not asking again. Peter mumbled something under his breath. Steve’s eyes widened. “Did you just say what I thought you did?”“What did he say? Damn enhanced hearing!”Peter let out a breath, because he didn’t want to keep this a secret from his parents any longer.“Bucky.” Peter looked toward Steve and his face had gone red. Peter suspected it was out of anger. But, who could tell. Peter looked to Tony and his mouth was agape.“I’m gonna kill him.” Was all Steve said before he started turning around to leave.“Pops wait!” Before Peter could stop him though, he saw Tony running and tackled Steve into the floor. Steve went down and tried to push himself up, but Tony was using all the techniques he learned from Natasha to keep t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Protectiveness
Protective Steve Rogers
Secret Relationship
Fluff and Angst
maybe smut?
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony is the calmest one
Angry Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

