Chapter 1: Love
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



 
 Being one of the lead scientists on Project Rebirth changed Tony's life, but not for the reason most would assume.Turning a small, shivering Steve Rogers into the epitome of human perfection with the flick of a couple of switches was undoubtedly an accomplishment — possibly the biggest scientific breakthrough Tony would ever be a part of — but it wasn't the most important moment of his life, either. There was a rush of joy and adrenaline, yes — awe at seeing what they had accomplished — but that came crashing down with the ear-shattering explosion of a Nazi bomb and the death of Dr. Erskine.Tony didn't blame the military for scrapping the project after that. There was a war to be won and one soldier, no matter how perfect, wouldn't be able to turn the tide. Besides, Tony was already needed elsewhere, his time far too precious to be spent on a theory that had died together with its creator.While he would always consider Project Rebirth as one of his crowning achievements, the events that came after it were even more monumental. After Tony and his numerous projects had been relocated to London to better further the war effort, and after he'd dropped off the now much bigger — but no less awkward — Steve Rogers in the middle of an active war zone as a favor to Peggy. Then, when Captain Rogers returned and was given a band of colorful soldiers to command, that was when it happened.Tony met James Barnes.Steve brought his newly minted unit to Tony's workshop for weapons and uniforms, and there Barnes was, all handsome and smiling. It was nothing as childish as love at first sight — at twenty-six Tony knew there was no such thing — but there was definitely a sizzle of mutual attraction.Barnes' gaze wandered appreciatively along the curve of Tony's back — like a stolen caress, existing only because he thought no one was watching.But Tony definitely noticed.There was a flicker of cautiousness in Barnes' eyes when he realized he'd been caught, so Tony made sure to smile, throwing in a quick wink for good measure. Barnes relaxed and responded with a slow, wicked smile of his own.That look was enough to make Tony's heart race, his gut clenching from the warm burst of desire."Hey, Buck, come here." Steve waved for Barnes to step closer, then gestured towards Tony. "This is Anthony Stark. He—""Dumped your sorry ass out of a fucking airplane, yeah — you told me." Barnes was smirking despite the harsh words, and there was an amused spark in his eyes when he held out his hand in greeting."I did give him a parachute first," Tony pointed out, accepting the offered handshake. Barnes' grip was firm and dependable. "And it was Peggy's idea, not mine."Steve cleared his throat and hastily cut in. "Tony will help you with your equipment."Barnes was still holding Tony's hand, his head tilting to the side in obvious interest. "So you pilot planes, build almost flying cars, and outfit soldiers?"Tony grinned. The failed flying car might not be his proudest moment, but he was delighted to hear that not only had Barnes been at the Stark Expo — he clearly remembered Tony's demonstration too."What can I say? I have many talents." Slowly — reluctantly — Tony let go of Barnes' hand, for the sake of propriety. Tony could still feel the lingering warmth of Barnes' fingers against his own, however, even after they had let go. "I'm currently designing Steve's new uniform, and will be supplying you boys with whatever weapons you desire, customized to suit your every need.""That's very kind of you, Mr. Stark." Barnes' smile was breathtaking.Steve was studying them curiously but Tony paid that no mind — he only had eyes for Barnes."Please, call me Tony. I'm going to take very good care of you," Tony assured, delighted to notice the bright flare of hunger in Barnes' eyes."I'm sure you will, Tony," Barnes replied, his voice a low, smooth drawl. The way he said Tony's name was positively sinful.And that, right there, was the moment Tony's life changed forever.



It still took weeks before they found the opportunity to explore the obvious attraction between them. Weeks of subtle glances and playful quips, of sweetly whispered darlings and sweethearts that Tony collected like precious gems. There was just never enough time to do more in between armor fittings, weapons tests, and covert missions, both of them too caught up in the war and their respective duties.They toed the line constantly, teasing and playful, as if daring the other to be the first one to act. It was a dangerous game to play if they were discovered, but Tony loved it all the same.And he loved it even more when it finally culminated.Usually, Tony didn't come with the soldiers when they went out drinking, but the promise of a night in Barnes' company — be it on the other end of a table at a rowdy pub — was enough to persuade him.The air was heavy with the smoke from cigarett
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
perceived character death
Grief/Mourning
Borderline Alcoholism
Unsafe Medical Procedures/Experiments
PTSD
Panic Attacks
Minor Character Death
Hurt/Comfort
Happy Ending
Mentions of Brainwashing/Torture
Tony is there during the war instead of Howard
And falls in love with Bucky
And then Bucky falls (literally)
Tony does irresponsible things as a result
But he also lives to see the twenty-first century due to fishy scientific experiments
It makes more sense when you're actually reading it I promise
ImagineTonyandBucky Prompt Fill
There's a sex scene in this but it's pretty vague
Hence T instead of M
Side pairings are Peggy/Angie and Steve/Pepper
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

