Work Text:
The guest suite at the top of Stark Tower has the most decadent shower on the planet, Bucky decides, as he scrubs what feels like a year’s worth of grime out of his hair and off his skin. Water pounds at him from every conceivable angle; he barely has to turn at all to get the scalding spray hammering at the knots between his shoulders.He leans against the wall with his elbows, resting his forehead on the tile, and watches suds and water swirl down the drain at his feet. For the first time in weeks, there isn’t a single stain of ink on his arms or chest. He scrubbed himself raw and pink, figures Tony and Steve did the same. Everything’s gone. Even the Sharpie he used on his hand hours ago is so faint, it’s practically invisible.It’s harder to believe it happened with his skin clean and unmarked. He shuts the water off and steps out, wrapping a towel around his hips and wiping the mirror clear of steam with his palm.The gulag has taken its toll, despite his relatively short stay there. He looks shocky and pale, eyes a bit too big, face thin from shitty gulag food, hair too long and shaggy. He makes a face at himself and pulls another towel over his head, scruffing the water out of his hair with the thick terrycloth. Even if he dreamed the whole soulmate thing, he’s back in the States in a luxurious bathroom and Jesus Christ, what’s the thread count on these towels anyway? It feels like being dried by a cloud.He finds a brush in the medicine cabinet — in a box, of all things, marked  100% Boar Bristle. Is this an actual lived-in home, or did he accidentally wander into a ritzy hotel? — and starts making himself presentable. He’s not sure when it happened, but someone’s been in to take his filthy, stained rags off the floor, leaving only a few lines of dirt to mark where he dropped them. His fine-tip Sharpie, the only thing he had in his pockets, sits on top of a stack of clean clothing, still in plastic packaging. Black track pants, and a blue tee-shirt with Captain America’s iconic shield on the front, all still in its packaging. Bucky pulls the bright yellow post-it off the shirt’s plastic wrap, and can’t help but smirk a little. Steve appreciates soulmates wearing his mark,  Tony’s handwriting declares.  But if you don’t want to wear it, I appreciate soulmates wearing nothing at all. Either way. We win. -T Soulmates. The word bounces around in his head again, rattles through his skull. Reflexively, he looks at his hands again, inspects the entirety of his body for anything that can confirm what he’s still half-convinced was a hallucination brought on by maddening thirst back in that cell. He sees nothing except his own barely-visible printing.It’s uncharacteristic, but intense. In a sudden burst of uncertainty, he picks up the pen, uncaps it and, on the inside of his arm down by his elbow, he writes  this is real, right?  before he loses his nerve. Almost immediately, he feels writing crawling across the hollow of his hip, skittering down the crease of his leg.  Property of T. Stark  angles over his hip and curves gently down towards his groin.  Trespassers will be toad,  the words continue, across his thigh.  I know a witch.  Real enough for you? appears under his question on his arm. TONY,  scrolls across his inner wrist soon after, in Steve’s handwriting.  STOP IT. I’M MEETING FURY.  It’s driving him insane because he can’t check,  writes Tony on the top of his thigh.  Fury’ll keep him for hours. Wanna come draw on me in places that’ll put a blush on Captain Puritanical’s cheeks? Bucky taps the pen against his teeth as he considers. This hasn’t gotten anything but more surreal, and for a brief moment, he wonders if it’s worth his time to run now, before he’s in too deep to get out.
 Or not. You know, whatever. 
He stares at the words, hastily appearing in a scrawl down his arm, jagged and rushed. And Bucky winces. Tony is terrified of rejection, Steve said on the quinjet, and here's more proof of that, if he needs it.SHIELD’s files on Tony don't paint him in any sort of flattering light. Reckless, they say. Self-centered. Narcissistic. Self-destructive. Those are just the highlights from the heavily redacted file Hill handed him weeks ago before he went off on his Benny Hill mission to Siberia to save Natasha, part of the standard information package every agent is expected to read when dealing with missions involving any of the Avengers.None of what he's read gels with any of the albeit brief interactions he's had with Tony. It's easy to think that it had been Steve pulling his Captain America strings that mounted the rescue mission, but Bucky’s got the sneaking suspicion solidifying into knowledge that Tony, once convinced of a second soulmate, had raised hell and torn down mountains to get SHIELD moving on the op.He isn’t sure how he knows, but he knows it.
 You know what? Never mind. Forget I said anything. 
Bucky sighs, drags the cap off the pen with his teeth again. Even as the tip of th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Writing on Skin
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Steve is not amused
Except when he is
Bonding over food
Overtipping Like A Champ
Tony Has No Idea What Appropriate Gifts Are

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

