Work Text:
It’s a three-day mission in Jordan, just Clint and a handler named Kuring. Kuring’s a quiet one, the type to write his reports in pieces every night in the hotel. He and Clint chat a little on the plane, but they don’t have a lot in common outside of work and Clint’s got the mission brief memorized, so they settle into the silence and do their own things.Right after they check into the hotel, as they cross the lobby to the elevator, Clint’s phone rings. He pulls it from his pocket as he shifts his duffel to his other arm, and he bites back a grin when he sees it’s Phil. “Hey,” he answers, giving Kuring a headshake to show it’s nothing important.“Kuring’s gone rogue,” Phil greets him. “Don’t get on that elevator.”Clint hums as though Phil hasn’t just told him the last thing he needs to hear in a crowded lobby of a hotel filled with tourists. “Not sure what the stock numbers are,” he replies, his way of telling Phil he’s not certain he can get away.“Don’t get on that elevator,” Phil repeats. “I don’t care if you have to take off at a sprint and push down a small child. Get the hell out.”“Hold on, let me check my bag,” Clint says and takes a step back from Kuring. Kuring turns to look at him, arm stretched out to press the elevator button. Clint balances his phone between his shoulder and ear, swings his duffel so he can open an outer pocket, and says to Kuring, “R&D thinks they passed me a bad batch of supplies.” It’s SHIELD-code for Clint’s arrows being compromised. “They need me to check the stock number.”“Right now?” Kuring asks, and he moves towards Clint. It’s only one step, but there’s purpose to it, purpose that intensifies when Kuring’s hand hovers for a moment at the lapel of his coat, next to his holster.“Off-grid,” Clint says to Phil, and he throws his phone at Kuring. He hits him right between the eyes, and he’s off at a dead sprint with his duffel over one shoulder, skirting around a family of four and squeezing between the luggage carts before he’s out the front door. He swings left and keeps up the sprint for a block before he spots an alley with a fire escape that looks like it can hold his weight. He adjusts his duffel so he’s got a carrying strap over each shoulder, and then he’s climbing as high as he can, peeking in windows as he goes.*“Off-grid,” Clint says to Phil, and Phil swears as he watches the whole thing unfold on the hotel security cameras tech had hacked as soon as they’d gotten the word on Kuring. Clint throws his phone, nailing Kuring an inch from the top of his nose, and then Clint’s moving fast, clearing the lobby before Kuring can staunch the flow of blood coming from his nose.“I need eyes,” Phil barks, and footage from street cameras starts popping up as Clint moves. “Kuring?” Phil asks as he watches Clint keep up his pace down the block, clipping into view through the row of cameras they’ve managed to access.“Still trying to deal with his nose,” a tech announces, and there’s a note of pride for Clint’s aim. “Orders?” he asks.“Alpha team is in route,” Coulson says. “Keep eyes on him.” He watches Clint disappear down an alley, and another tech announces they’ve got no eyes down there. “Barton will find us,” Phil says. He clutches his cell in one hand as he reaches for the landline on the desk in front of him. “Call Kuring,” he orders. “Keep it ringing until he picks up.”“Yes, Sir,” a tech says, and a few seconds later, Phil’s got a ringtone in his ear. He watches Kuring on the security feed, trying to push away the concierge who is clearly offering to call for medical help. Phil counts twenty-two rings by the time Kuring rifles around for his phone and pulls it from his suit jacket.“What?” he snaps.“This will be your only chance to come in on even passably good terms,” Phil tells him. On the screen, Kuring looks like a deer in headlights, and Phil revels in it. “You stay where you are, let Alpha Team collect you quietly, and you’ll get our most spacious, windowless cell and I will only break one of your fingers for your betrayal. You decide to run, you become Romanov’s pet project, and I won’t care about the state of any part of you after the fact.”Kuring looks directly into the camera, and he gives a soulless smile. “I’m going to hunt down your favorite toy and mail him to you in pieces.”“Romanov it is,” Phil says. “Best watch your kneecaps, you treasonous cretin.”“Go fuck yourself,” Kuring says.“Enjoy trying to hide that broken nose,” Phil replies, and he disconnects right before Kuring flings the phone out of the range of the camera. “I want Romanov and Sitwell in Sit-Room 2 in two minutes,” he says. “Get me Fury and Hill on conference on my way up.”“Yes, Sir,” a tech says.Phil’s earpiece beeps just as he steps out the doors from the control room. He taps it. “Coulson.”“Fury.”“Hill.”“Barton’s jackrabbited on my order. Kuring is about to be in the wind.”“We trust your judgment,” Fury says, and Maria makes a sound of agreement. “You know the protocols.”“I’m sendin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
mentioned Maria/Sitwell
damn near everyone gets a few lines
Mission Gone Wrong

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

