Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Maria finally falls pregnant Howard isn’t so much happy as he is satisfied.His dynasty is ensured now.  He’ll have an heir, a son to groom and mold in his image to carry on his life’s work.  A son he can teach to build, to create, to engineer and push the boundaries of science ever outwards.A son to rear into a proper Stark, a son who will be Howard’s greatest creation.When the time comes Howard sits with Obadiah in the plush waiting room of the hospital.  They have fine cigars in hand and cut crystal glasses of scotch at their elbows, far removed from the delivery room and all it contains.  He has no interest in the process of his son’s birth, only in the final product.“Mr. Stark.”  The doctor looks tired, grim faced with exhaustion but ultimately pleased.  “Congratulations sir, you have a beautiful, healthy new daughter.”“Ah.”  Obadiah hisses out a displeased sound beside him that Howard distantly hears himself echo.There’s a long beat of awkward silence before Howard waves the doctor away, picks up his glass, and drains it in one long, burning gulp.  A daughter.  Not a son, not his son.  Christ.  What use is a fucking daughter going to be to him?  To Stark Industries?“Well at least with Maria as her mother she should be a beauty when she’s older.”  Obadiah slaps him roughly on the back.  “You can make sure she marries well, someone who’ll be useful to SI’s growth.  Plus Maria’s still young so there’s time to get a proper heir out of her yet.”Howard hums in agreement and it doesn’t take long for the conversation to turn towards the latest defense contract Howard’s managed to weasel out of the government.  All thoughts of his new daughter are pushed away for more important issues.Obadiah’s right after all.  Maria’s still young and even though Howard’s never been fond of children there’s still time to have another, to get the son that both he and SI needs him to have.~~~Natasha Antonia Stark is born wailing, a small destructive bundle of flailing limbs, thick black hair, and too bright eyes that almost kills Maria in the process.She screams and cries and it takes the nurses forever to calm her down, to get her settled and sleeping and above all else quiet.Even as a newborn there’s some part of her that knows she needs to be loud, knows she needs to scream scream scream until her lungs feel fit to burst so that the whole world can hear her, so that no one can ignore her.She sets a precedent that night that follows her the rest of her life.~~~Maria holds her newborn daughter exactly twice.  Once directly after the birth, too drugged to really focus on what’s going on but blissed out enough with that new glow of motherhood to still want her child in her arms.The second time is the next day, freed from the harsh haze of sedatives and eager to look at her son.“A daughter.”  Maria’s face is a study in disappointment as she picks at the luxuriously soft blue blanket she’d specifically ordered and brought to the hospital for her son herself.  “Howard must be so displeased,” she sighs as she hands the girl over to the nurse and waves her away.Maria isn’t looking forward to having to get pregnant again to give Howard the son he so desperately wants but she’ll do it of course, as is her duty.As far as the girl is concerned, well at least they’ll be able to make sure she’ll marry well one day so it’s not a total lost cause.~~~Natasha is bundled into the lavish nursery that had been designed for the son Howard had wanted but not received.  It’s decorated in soft blues and golds, there’s a rocket ship mobile hanging over the crib and a thick padded chair in the corner.  A broad shoulder blond man salutes her with a smile from a glass covered poster on the wall.Howard and Maria hand the girl over to Jarvis and a wet nurse and go about their lives, back to SI and galas, back to scotch and spa days and other, more important things.  They only stop to deal with Natasha when there’s a photo shoot to be had or an opportunity to appear like a blissfully happy family for the press to be found.~~~Natasha’s first word is Jarvis.Her second is listen.Her third is look.Anything to break the quiet of the nursery she barely ever leaves now that her nurse is gone.She hasn’t seen either Maria or Howard at all for six months, only Jarvis and the blond man who smiles down at her from his place on her wall.  But she’s too young to understand why that’s wrong, why that’s a problem.After that she’s speaking in full sentences because it seems as if once she starts speaking Natasha can’t stop.She grows quickly, runs almost as soon as she’s able to stand, transitions into full sentences so fast it’s almost scary how she skips the developmental speech phase.But those three words are still the ones she says most often.  Jarvis look.  Jarvis listen.  Jarvis.  Jarvis.  Jarvis.
Please someone look at/listen to me.
~~~She realizes that she’s different quickly enough, realizes it in the way that the books that line the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Edwin Jarvis
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
OT3 - Relationship
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Hurt Tony
Always Female Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Child Abuse
Attempted Sexual Assault
Violence
Sex
Tattoo Tony
Threesome - F/M/M
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
Protective Rhodey
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Canon-Typical Violence
Extremis Tony Stark
Arc Reactor
Scars
Protective Pepper Potts
canon character death
Possessive Behavior
Miscommunication
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Torture
PTSD
Panic Attacks
Genius has a price
BAMF Tony Stark
Alcohol
Slightly skewed timeline
Pining
Nipple Piercings
Misogyny
Betrayal
Stalking
Protective Bots
BAMF bots
BAMF JARVIS
Loneliness
Touch-Starved
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Blood
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Self-Harm
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Tags May Change
Tags Contain Spoilers
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Angst
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Edwin Jarvis
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
OT3 - Relationship
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

