Chapter 1: Fifth Grade
    




Chapter Text
Steve sat by himself on the edge of the playground at lunch and watched the other kids play. He desperately hoped that someone would come and ask him to join in with their games but he knew they wouldn't; nobody wanted to play with the short, skinny kid with glasses and asthma and who sometimes had to wear a backbrace. He drew in his sketchbook instead. He was proud of his sketchbook - it was a proper Moleskine with a hard cover and everything. He had gotten it for his birthday and tried to draw in it every day like his dad had done with his own sketchbooks.Steve was definitely the best artist in his class. He had hoped that might make him some friends but no-one really cared. Well, except for Mr Phillips. Last year, Steve's teacher had been Mr Schmidt and he had been the worst; he hadn't liked Steve at all but Mr Phillips liked him. He kind of acted like he didn't like anyone in the class but he did really. Steve remembered the time he had gotten his grade for his project about World War Two. He had worked really hard on it, especially the art and had been a bag of nerves all morning, waiting with everyone else to get it back."Rogers, as always, you disappoint and annoy me," Mr Phillips had barked when he dropped Steve's project onto his desk.Steve's heart had sunk but then he had seen the huge A+ on the cover and the neat handwriting that said wonderful detail and breathtaking artwork and had looked up at Mr Phillips. He still had the same sour look on his face he always did but then he had winked at Steve and moved on to the next kid.Steve looked up from the picture of a British WW2 Spitfire he had been drawing. He was really good at drawing planes and they were one of his favorite things to sketch besides dogs. Over by the jungle gym, Brock Rumlow and Jack Rollins were arguing with Bucky Barnes about something. Steve hated Brock and Jack; they picked on him a lot, especially if they were bored. Bucky Barnes didn't look like he was being picked on though because he was shouting back at them. All the girls had crushes on Bucky Barnes; he was tall and funny and had self-esteem. Steve had learnt that term from his report card; it had been the only bad thing on there. Well, not bad exactly, but it had made his mom sad. "Steven has very low self-esteem and needs to work on his peer-to-peer skills." He wished he had self-esteem like Bucky Barnes; he didn't seem to be afraid or shy or worried about anything. Steve admired Bucky Barnes a lot but would never admit it to anyone. He had no-one to admit it to, even.Bucky said something to Brock and marched over to the jungle gym and started to climb it. Brock and Jack began to shout and jeer and Steve watched as Bucky climbed right to the top. A group of other kids had started to gather and watch too and Steve put his pencil down. Bucky was now at the top of the jungle gym and before anyone could do anything, jumped right off of it without a moments hesitation. Kids had fallen and really hurt themselves from that gym and Steve's heart almost stopped but Bucky just hit the ground in a roll, stood up and brushed his hands off and shouted something to Brock and Jack again before walking away. The other kids all cheered and chased after Bucky, leaving Brock and Jack frowning at each other.Steve watched him walk away with a smile on his face. Bucky Barnes was awesome.***A few days later, Steve tried not to cry as Gil Hodge snapped all of his pencils. He hated sitting next to Gil. He always did mean things to Steve, like the time he had ripped his math notebook for no reason or the time he had tried to take Steve's glasses but only got stopped because Mr Phillips had seen him snatch them from Steve's face.Steve had only gone to the front of the class to get some more paper and when he came back, his pencil case was on the floor and all of his pencils were in half on the table with Gil smiling smugly all over his fat face. Steve just took his seat and put all of the pencil pieces back into his case and got back to work, ignoring Gil as best he could. He glanced over to Bucky; he was sitting next to Bobbi Morse and Steve bet he didn't snap her pencils in half. He wished he could sit next to Bucky instead.At lunchtime, Brock and Jack followed him around the playground calling him names. He had heard them all before and just ignored them. Usually they gave up and went to bug someone else but for some reason Steve ignoring them this time made them angry and Brock shoved him while Jack tripped him up."You're such a loser, Rogers," Jack said and laughed when Brock kicked Steve's backpack away from him.They eventually got bored of playing keep-away with his bag and wandered off but by that point Steve was angry and upset and...it wasn't fair. He wasn't a mean person but other people were mean to him all the time and he didn't know why. All he wanted was to be able to play games at lunch with the other kids and tell jokes and show them h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Elementary School
Bullying
Friendship
High School
College
Pining
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Angst to come
Minor Character Death
Growing Up
Drunken Kissing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

