Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint stared at the leather collar in horror.
“Oh, hell no.”
His DEA handler shrugged.  “It’s this, or I call your Director and tell him you want out.”
“I am doing you guys a favor,” Clint growled.  The DEA guy just looked at him.  
Clint ignored his temporary handler and stared at the collar, thinking furiously.  This couldn’t be what the Director had in mind when he’d offered Clint work outside of S.H.I.E.L.D.  Not that Clint had bothered to ask what the Director had been thinking – for the past few weeks, whenever he’d said, “Jump” all Clint had asked was, “How high?”
It wasn’t paranoia if everyone actually was waiting for you to turn crazy and start shooting people.
Fury had come to him three weeks ago with an assignment from the FBI.  S.H.I.E.L.D., with its endless forms, couldn’t clear him for field work barely a month post-Loki, but the FBI didn’t have that problem.  They needed someone with good aim, and Clint’s arm worked just fine.  Fury gave him a downgraded security clearance and turned him loose.  Clint had raised an eyebrow but agreed – Fury hadn’t bothered to explain what the point of the hire was, but Clint could figure it out for himself.  S.H.I.E.L.D. had been a tucked-away organization for the past fifty years – not exactly hidden, and hardly black-labeled, but out of the spotlight.  With the attack on New York, that spotlight was shifting, and Director Fury knew how to manage the backdoor politics of such a move. 
By lending Clint out, Fury would gain favor with the other agencies – and through Clint’s skills, S.H.I.E.L.D. would demonstrate why it deserved that spotlight every now and then.  At the same time, Fury would have Clint off the Helicarrier and away from anyone who had last seen him at the wrong end of an arrow, and he’d have Clint field-tested and working through some of his issues without it being on the company dime.
Forget two birds – when Director Fury threw a stone he hit an entire fucking flock.
But that had been when he’d been working for the FBI.  Now, Clint knew Fury just wanted pictures.  Evil, terrible blackmail pictures to get him back for that stunt he’d pulled in Bolivia, the one with the chocolate wafer and the ice cream cone.  
Damn the FBI, anyway.  They’d had him popping organ dealers in Arizona and taking out gun runners in Pennsylvania, then sub-contracted him out to the DEA for a quick job in Maine.  Everything had gone smoothly, so the DEA had pulled him back to New York to deal with coke shippers upstate.
Clint hadn’t argued with any of it at first.  Hell, it had been nice to be useful again.  None of the agents he worked with knew he’d recently shot and killed a number of his closest associates.  None of them had a clue that he’d turned sensitive S.H.I.E.L.D. information over to HYDRA agents, or helped Loki run down the best way to attack and distract the Avengers. 
None of them – because Clint hadn’t talked to anyone about this – knew that he’d told Loki the best way to get into and out of the detention area.  Nobody, not even Natasha, knew that that he’d pointed at a piece of paper and practically said to Loki’s face, “There.  There’s where you can stab Coulson in the back.”
Agents, good S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, had died because of him.  Coulson had died because of him.
Just because Fury had brought him back again didn’t erase the fact that Clint had killed him.
Clint thought burying himself in work would at least help him sleep at night, but it wasn’t enough.  He still felt itchy around the edges, keyed up and ready to go.  He’d been toying with the idea of asking the CIA for more involved missions, and he hadn’t complained when they’d transferred him over to the DEA  
Which was another tick in the “be careful what you wish for” category.  Along with, “I hate you, go away,” and “I wish you would die”.
Clint thought he would have learned that one by now.
He stared at the collar.  “Tell me that’s a belt and you got my measurements wrong.”
The DEA guy rolled his eyes.
Clint sighed and reached for the collar.  He held it at arm’s length.  “You’ve got more for me than a piece of leather and a smile, right?”
His handler – Davidson?  Donaldson? – handed him a laptop with a few BDSM sites pulled up and gave him the sell.  Apparently, they’d been after a drug dealer named Nicholas Belanger for a couple of years now.  The DEA had done everything they could think of to get a bug on him without luck.  They’d tried sticking him in a hotel lobby, catching him on the street, and even getting into and out of his limousine.  Nothing.  They’d even tried disguising DEA agents as prostitutes, but no dice.  The man kept a thick wall of hired muscle between himself and every other person on the planet.
Except, apparently, when he went to a local BDSM bar in town.  That was when he finally let people get close.
“Dungeon,” Clint’s handler corrected, frowning.
“Excuse me?” Clint asked incredulously. 
“Dungeon,” the guy said again.  “A BDSM bar isn’t ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
BDSM
Dubious Consent
(not main characters)
Fix-It
Mention of Child Abuse
Whipping
Collars
minor daddy-kink
Dom!Coulson
Sub!Barton
Spanking

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

