Work Text:
In the end, they get a grace period of three days. During that time they don't do anything but laze around, eating and sleeping and just lying half on top of each other. Tony tries to introduce Loki to the TV but Loki isn't overly fond of sitting still and staring at a flat screen full of what to him has to be lifeless images. He much prefers lying in complete silence – or what Tony perceives as complete silence, he's fairly sure Loki is listening to his heartbeat and other stuff – or listening to Tony babble, answer all the little and not-so-little questions Loki has and just rambling at times. Loki himself isn't too enthusiastic talking about himself, but he does answer Tony's questions.The picture he paints isn't a good one. Apparently Loki has known all his life that he's different. Especially the fact that he could hear and see better than others became obvious to him fairly early on but he had learned quickly to hide that, too afraid of standing out. He had never been taken serious; when he'd zoned out he'd been made fun of for "meditating" randomly. Eventually, far too late (as in, about a week ago, what the fuck), Loki had found out that he'd been adopted and ascribed all the ways in which he was different to the fact that he was Jötunn by birth."But wait," Tony says when Loki finally reveals the painful moment when suspicion became horrible truth to him. "I've been wondering about this. You… how you can be my Sentinel if you're not even from this planet."Loki abruptly goes tense, gaze lowering, and Tony immediately knows what's going on; it's why he hasn't dared bring it up until now. "You are my Sentinel," he says firmly. "There's no doubt about that, it's impossible that we would both have this reaction to each other if you weren't. I just wonder if we're the only case, and how the hell this came about to begin with. There is a far greater proportion of Guides than Sentinels on Earth."Calmed a little by the sureness in Tony's voice, Loki nods, then frowns. "I thought you said there is a match-up rate of ninety-four percent.""There is – for Sentinels. Guides outnumber Sentinels by nearly thirty percent. Do you know any other Sentinels?""Perhaps. Not consciously." Loki's gaze turns absent as he gets lost in memories. "You have to understand, for the longest time I tried to suppress my… abilities, even the knowledge of them. But I think I did recognize some people I met on some level."Tony hums thoughtfully. He has a theory, but he needs to know some more information first before he can tell how far off the mark he is, if at all. "Many?""No. Not at all.""And are any of the species you know… what are the life spans like? Because I mean, humans live on average about 80 years, and you guys… well, considerably longer, right?""You are the people with the shortest life expectations," Loki readily supplies. "By the way you count years, I am about a thousand years old." He pauses. "Just so you are aware, I will not allow death to take you from me.""Oh?" Tony lifts an eyebrow. "Is that so?""Yes." The thing about this that sends a heady shiver down Tony's back isn't just how possessive it is, it's how perfectly calm Loki looks, like it's a given fact. Tony won't be taken from him, even by death. He's very curious how this is supposed to work out, but he figures Loki knows more about this sort of thing than he does."Alright. Good." Tony starts carding his fingers through Loki's hair. "So… what are the life spans you know of like?""The shortest I'm aware of apart from Midgardians is around two hundred years with the way you count time."Tony nods. "Did they have Sentinels?"Eyes going unfocused again as he tries to recall memories he's always tried to suppress, Loki nods slowly. "More than other people, I believe."Strike! Tony grins wildly. "Great. So what I'm thinking is that, well. Sentinels and Guides are an evolution thing and clearly, with longer life spans, evolution progresses slower. Though now the question is, how come this specific evolution – Sentinels and Guides – is common in several species in different realms, and the questions humans have been asking for centuries." When Loki raises a questioning eyebrow, Tony elaborates. "Why the whole codependence thing at all? How does bonding even work? And, now, how is it possible that we two are a mated pair when we're not even of the same species? Though it's clear both our species have the same origins, what with the whole humanoid shape thing and all the other similarities and all. This is all very interesting, you know.""If you say so." Careless, Loki shrugs. He clearly isn't overly interested in discussing theories right now, but then, he isn't familiar with the topic at all and just learned about the existence of Guides and Sentinels a couple of days ago.Then again, Tony is mostly interested because it did have such an impact on his life until recently. His life, frankly, fucking sucked, feeling like a lost part of a whole and believing that'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Possessive Behavior
Protectiveness

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

