Chapter 1: Part One.
    




Chapter Text

Part One.

(All memories to tell you the truth aren’t good. But sometimes there were good times.)
 
They meet on a muggy day in June, in 1928, just before the school year ends.
Like every day, Bucky’s ma has told him to keep his head down. To stay out of trouble.
Like every day, he plans to listen.
At school, he scrawls his name, left-handed, in the corner of his paper. He does his multiplication tables dutifully. Eight times seven is fifty-six…eight times eight is sixty-four…eight times nine is…the eights give him troubles. He squirms in his seat until it’s his turn to read aloud. He hopes for the big paragraphs, the ones with good descriptions and long sentences and plenty of commas.
After the last bell rings, he walks down the hall to his sister’s classroom, waiting for her to trail out. She takes her time, so he walks into the classroom and greets his old teacher with a quick “Hey, Mrs. McIntyre! Yes, I’m staying out of trouble. Yes, the sixth grade is great. I just wish the teachers were as sweet as you are, ma’am!” as Bella rolls her eyes at him. He waits while she places the last of her workbooks into her book bag. He stuffs his hands in his pockets, and they walk into the hallway.
Before Bucky can say anything, Bella tells him she’ll be having dinner at her friend Anne’s house.
“Did you ask Ma?” Bucky asks.
“Can’t you just tell her?”
Bucky sighs. “Fine. But you owe me. You have to do dishes next time it’s my turn.”
Bella squints her eyes, considering. “Fine.” She turns on her heel and catches up with Anne, who is just emerging from her own classroom.
Bucky adjusts his bag on his shoulder, preparing to make the walk home on his own. Maybe he’ll stop in at the bakery, to see if he can charm his way to some stale rolls for free.
He almost makes it. There’s a paper bag of rolls in his hand, the crumbs of one dusting the front of his shirt and his fingertips. He can nearly smell his ma’s lasagna, warm and cheesy, just a block away.
And then—the sounds of a fight, echoing off the bricks of the alley between the shoe repair and the deli.
It takes Bucky all of three seconds to drop the bag and enter the fray.
The boy is bruised and thin, but taller than Bucky by an inch or so. When Bucky helps him to standing, he sticks his hand out. “I’m Bucky Barnes,” he says. “Well, technically James Barnes, but everyone calls me Bucky. Except my ma, who says I’m too old for that now.”
The other boy eyes him for a moment before shaking his hand. “Steve Rogers.”
“Nice to meet you, Steve!” Bucky says.
“You didn’t have to do that. I had him on the ropes.”
“Sure, pal. You live close by? I can give you a walk home.”
“I’m fine.”
“My pa would never forgive me if I didn’t see to it that you got home okay. Besides,” Bucky gestures to Steve’s face, “we gotta make sure your mom patches up that cut.”
“I can do it,” Steve says. “She’s working a double tonight.”
“Oh.” Bucky considers for a moment. “Well, then you should come to dinner at my house. My sister’s at a friend’s so there’ll be an extra spot and my ma’s got some stuff we can use for those scrapes. She says she doesn’t have a choice with a kid like me,” Bucky says with a shrug.
“It’s fine,” Steve insists.
“Don’t be silly!” Bucky throws an arm around Steve’s shoulder and leads him in the direction of his family’s house. “We’ve got plenty of room and Ma’s making lasagna,” he assures Steve.
It’s a bit of a lie, really—the Barnes house is crowded already with three kids and a rotating cast of cousins, but Bella’s at Anne’s and he thinks at least one of the cousins is working tonight.
He can feel the moment Steve decides to follow him. Bucky grins and chatters away about his family the whole way home; by the time they’re walking through the door, Steve already knows everyone’s name and how best to impress Ma Barnes.
“Just make sure you smile a little, distract her from the bruises,” Bucky says. “Or else she’s gonna know you’re a punk.”
Steve laughs at that.
 
-
 
It’s like falling into step with a stranger on the sidewalk—accidental, pure happenstance, but for a moment, it feels like fate.
 
-
 
Steve starts drawing right around the same time Bucky starts burying his nose in dime science fiction novels from the drugstore.
There’s a new one that pops up every week. They all look the same to Steve, and sound the same, too, when Bucky reads the back covers. Bucky keeps trying to shove them at Steve when he finishes reading, insisting that this one is the best, better than all the other books he’s recommended. Steve gets through half of one before he’s decided that they’re not worth the effort.
He gets tired of explaining that he doesn’t want to read them, too, so he has to find a hobby of his own.
“I’m a little busy, Buck,” he says.
“You’re staring at the ceiling.”
Steve says the first excuse that comes into his head. “I’m going to draw.”
“You can’t draw.”
“I’ll learn.”
Bucky crosses his arms. “Why?”
“Because I really, really don’t want to r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
Slow Build
Demisexual Steve Rogers
Epistolary
(partially)
Mutual Pining
Canon Disabled Character
One-armed Bucky Barnes
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Italian Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

