Work Text:
To be fair, Steve is moderately drunk the first time. Not smashed, but drunk enough to make Tony and Clint’s ideas sound brilliant and hilarious. He’d like – really, he would very much like - to blame the two of them, (Sam is never to blame – it’s a rule) but he’s always believed in taking responsibility for his own actions, even the really stupid ones. In fact, especially the really stupid ones. So yes, he is drunk, and yes, the dare is childish and stupid, and yes, he does it anyway. 
“I gotta tell ya, you don’t sound like my usual sort of customer, you know?”
“Um. Sorry?”
The man on the other end of the line — Bucky, apparently — laughs. It’s a nice sound, genuine, almost startled out of him. It makes Steve smile back, even though he feels like a moron. 
Steve looks at his mostly full glass of vodka with about three drops of orange juice, “for flavor.” He’s hanging at that point where if he stops now, he would probably sober up pretty quickly. 
“No, seriously, man. You learn to pick up a lot over the phone. What’s a nice boy like you doing on a phone line like this?”
He knocks half the glass back in one swallow. 
“Honestly? It was a dare.”
“Huh.” Bucky’s voice still has a smile in it. “So, you ever called a sex line before?”
It’s not like Steve is a prude or a virgin; he just doesn’t generally talk about sex — especially not to complete strangers. So by the time he gets a forced-casual, “Nope,” out, he can feel his ears burning. 
“How’d you end up dared to call a phone-sex line?” Bucky asks. 
“Urgh, it’s a long and stupid story,” Steve says, taking another sip of his drink, “revolving around a friend and his complete inability to refrain from pissing off his girlfriend.” There’s an encouraging noise from the other end of the line, so he continues. “Which led to commiseration boozing, and poor life choices all around.” 
Bucky seems amused, which is probably the best Steve can hope for out of this. “So what, you’ve called a 1-800 number and you’re just going to chat with me for a bit?” 
“Oh, sorry. Should I not be wasting your time? I’d hate to get you in trouble.”
“Pal, I’m on the clock and you’re paying — you can talk about whatever you want.”
Steve shrugs. “It’s Tony’s phone bill.”
There’s a slight hitch in Bucky’s breath, and his voice is just a little lower, a little rougher when he replies. “Good call. So, what did your friend do to get cut off?”
“Wait, are you— Are you?” He doesn’t even want to say it, not least because it’ll sound incredibly arrogant if he’s wrong. But Bucky’s breathing has gone deep on the other end of the line. Steve’s pretty sure he’s not wrong.
“You’ve got a nice voice,” Bucky replies, without actually answering the question. There’s a hint of a sound in the background, of skin on skin. 
“Oh my god, you are, aren’t you?” Steve’s vaguely mortified, but also a little turned on. And then a bit more mortified about being turned on, and it’s all starting to turn into some horrible spiral in his head, so he finishes off his drink in hopes of silencing the whole mess. 
“Well, it is a sex line,” Bucky offers. He’s a little breathless now, and if Steve is brutally honest with himself, it’s starting to make his skin prickle with heat, a low burn that settles in the pit of his stomach and his balls. “Someone should be getting something out of this.”
Steve can’t really argue with that. 
There’s a low sound from Bucky, the kind that’s not really voluntary, and then he says, “Hey, you ever had phone sex?”
Steve hasn’t. It’s always seemed weird, and lacking all the wonderful intimacy of touching someone else, seeing and feeling their responses. But his dick is half hard in his pants, and he thinks he could probably be convinced, at least by Bucky. “No.”
Bucky laughs, and there’s something joyful and reckless in it. “Wanna?”
He still hesitates. 
“Come on. Are you even a little bit turned on right now?” 
“Um,” is all he manages. 
Luckily, Bucky takes up the slack. “It’s a little weird, working a sex line,” he says. “Most of the time you’re not even listening to yourself; you’re just talking shit for the benefit of the other person on the line.” 
Bucky stops long enough to give a little moan that lights up something in the back of Steve’s brain, and before he can even think about it, he’s opening his fly. 
“But sometimes all the talk about touching, and how good it feels, and how bad you want it— Mmmm.” He breaks off, and Steve bites his lip to keep in a whimper. “It gets to you, you know? And then you’re sitting there alone with a raging hard on, and no one to do anything about it.”
It sounds like many a lonely wank Steve has had while between partners, only worse. At least he can just not think about it for a while if he’s down. 
“So, you with me?” 
Steve is in Tony’s rarely used library with his dick out, rock hard in his hand. He’s not drunk enough not to feel embarrassed, but he’s never been a liar or a coward. “Yeah.”
“Oh, thank god,” Bucky breathes out in a rush. “Because I am s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Fluff and Smut
and nothing but
Phone Sex
Sex Work

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

