Work Text:
Loki with his tricks had been the only one to escape the battle without aches and bruises, and whilst others drank to rejoice and dull away the pain, he sits nursing his drink. Lips pursed and judging is a common look on him, but Thor pushes to involve his brother in the celebrations. Thor drinks twice the amount Loki does but he’s still proud; Loki is little tipsy and tired and that’s more than he’s ever been. He throws an arm around Loki’s shoulders and laughs as Fandral retells their victory to a pretty redhead in his lap.“They exaggerate their triumphs,” Loki scoffs and refuses the new drink Thor tries to pass into his hands.“And where’s the fun in the truth Loki? You’d know all about lying,” Fandral yells. Loki sighs and Thor laughs. “Brother! Drink more! Enjoy yourself!” Loki shrugs off Thor’s arm and nods at a passed out fellow in the corner. “I’d rather not end up like that.” Loki excuses himself from the celebrations early, just before the alcohol can really take hold and Thor watches him leave as he always does. He sees his brother’s drunken stumble as he disappears from view and decides he’ll check on Loki later before turning back to his friends. Thor roars, smashes his tankard to the ground and everyone cheers as another drink is passed into his hands. It’s a fine celebration indeed. It’s in the early hours of the morning that Thor makes his way to Loki’s chambers. It’s quiet in the palace and Thor enters Loki’s room with no disturbances. Rumpled clothing lay on the floor, a sign that the effects of the drinks must have been stronger on Loki than Thor imagined. It’s the sight that greets him on the bed that is most pleasant. Where Thor has always been handsome his brother is pretty. And lying there asleep in just a thin linen tunic (that barely cover his upper thighs), Thor can truly take in his brother’s form. Those long limbs and lean muscle under soft white skin.  Features that look so sharp when Loki’s awake and plotting are innocent and open now.No man or woman has been with him, Thor is sure of that. Loki has always been disinterested and withdrawn, quick to spit insult at any who try. He prefers his magic and books over the pleasures of the flesh. Thor wants to show him. Loki should know how the touch of another could please him. But Thor is greedy. Loki is unmarked and untouched and it’s delicious. No one but someone of the same position will be touching him. Loki is a prince and only his brother should be able to touch him like that. Thor is close enough to touch now and he smiles as he runs his fingers oh so lightly over Loki’s ankle. His brother doesn’t move, his sleep is too deep, face buried in the pillows and Thor thanks the alcohol for that. Loki would protest if he woke. His weakness is that he’s too proud; he wouldn’t let Thor do this to him. But Thor knows his brother; he knows that Loki needs this. His fingers track up Loki’s leg. His skin is smooth, smoother than Thor’s ever will be. He’s hairless here and Thor wants to lift Loki’s tunic up, see if he’s just as hairless in the places where he’ll be most sensitive. Thor has time to take this slow though, it’s barely into the next day and he has hours to play and guide his brother’s body. Thor climbs onto the bed and his next touch is firmer, more confident. Thor’s hands trail up to Loki’s thighs where he begins to massage the flesh. Loki shifts in his sleep but no more and Thor continues his ministrations. Let Loki enjoy this. His skin has always felt cool to the touch and Thor thinks his warm hands probably feel nice. “You fought hard today brother,” Thor murmurs and presses harder to work out the knots in Loki’s thighs. “You don’t seem to enjoy the celebrations like the others, but this you will enjoy.” Muscles tense and then relax under his hands and he hears Loki sigh. He’s turned his face more to the side now, pale skin framed by dark hair. A particularly difficult knot has Thor working Loki’s thigh until Loki’s unconsciously spreading his legs. Thor moves in-between them and considers where to touch next. He’d only need a finger to shift the fabric of Loki’s clothing up, reveal his intimate parts to him. No need to rush though. And when the tunic is almost sheer, there’s no way Thor can stop himself from reaching up and stroking his hands up Loki’s sides. Loki’s so much smaller, so much less muscle and yet so strong. Thor presses through the fabric, moving higher and under Loki, seeking out those pink nubs that he can tease.Thor is gentle at first. He’s not sure what his brother can take and so he runs a finger around each of Loki’s nipples. It’s a barely there touch through the fabric, as light as a god can be. Thor builds up the pressure slowly, still just circling until Loki gasps and shifts and Thor smiles as his boldness grows. The next touch is a pinch and a twist, the continuous movement of Thor’s hands until Loki begins to shiver. “You like that?” Thor whispers and he feels his own cock stir when Loki’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Dark Thor
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Rape/Non-con Elements
First Time
Incest
Sibling Incest
Poor Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Loki/Thor

