Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)Tony was sulking in the circle with the girls when the other tribe came to trade for mates. Tony wasn't a girl, he was special. He knew the law, if you could have babies you shouldn't stay with your birth tribe because... well, he's not sure why, but that's the way it's always been done, and his father hit him when he tried to hide. Tony didn't even want babies. It looked like it wasn't any fun at all getting all bulgy and clumsy, giving birth sure looked like it hurt more than getting gored by a bull, definitely the screaming went on a lot longer, and then you were stuck with a little person you had to carry around with you and if you didn't have a good hunter for a mate, you had to work twice as hard to gather what plant stuff you could eat.There was a lot of talking before the exchanges began. The girls' mothers from both tribes made a big fuss about how great they were, how clever they were at dressing hides, or cooking, or gathering food. They were trying to make them look good, so they'd be treated well by their new tribe until they were old enough to get their own mate. Or be someone's second or third mate, or worse, not have anyone who'd stay with them so they'd be scrounging for scraps of food and affection. Tony was really bad at most of the things they expected girls to do, and his mother was dead, so she wasn't here to say anything nice about him and his father just said that Tony was 'one of those o-men' and 'if they beat him enough, he wouldn't be any trouble'.Given the way he was described, Tony wasn't terribly surprised when the other tribe traded four of their girls for four of Tony's tribe, but none of them even bothered to touch him or sniff him. The same thing happened at the next mate trading session, only it was worse, because the last of the girls of tradable age were taken. After the feast and tearful farewells on all sides, Tony's father handed him a waterskin and a pouch full of dried meat pounded with fat and berries. Then he pointed at the mountains.So much for being special. As Tony walked into exile, and probably death by starvation unless a predator killed him first, he wondered why his mother had fussed over him and been so proud of him. She said his kind of person was rare even in the much larger tribe she'd come from, and that men fought for the right to be their mates. He didn't see why. If a man wanted to be a father, there were plenty of women who had nice curvy bodies even when they weren't pregnant. And if he wanted a man for his mate, there were plenty of men much stronger, and with bigger dicks, than Tony. Offhand he couldn't think of anyone in the tribe less sexually appealing than himself, no matter what standards you used. He would have agreed to stay with the tribe and not mate with anybody, which would have been easy, since no one wanted him, but that wasn't an option.

***
It wasn't too bad at first, living alone. His mother had taught him how to find plant food, and he had figured out by himself how to make snares out of braided grass, so most days he had at least a little something to eat. And if he was always hungry, well, he'd been always hungry when he lived with the tribe, so he was used to that. On the bright side, he didn't get hit for being different and he only had to worry about hurting himself too badly to get food, or being eaten by a predator. Since there wasn't anyone around to scold him for not being manly enough to kill prey with his hands and teeth, he made weapons, too. Real men only used weapons to fight other men, his father always said, but since Tony wasn't a real man, and no one was going to see his shame, he made all sorts of things out of wood and rocks and strips of hide and sharpened bone. He liked making things, it made him feel better to have something to think about and to keep his hands busy when his stomach clenched tight and complained. And it made his little cave feel more like a tribe lived there, with all his weapons piled up against the wall next to his nest of dried grass.But then the year turned, like it always did, and there weren't any berries or fresh sprouts, the nuts were hard and green, the roots were dry and tasteless, and the few small things he was able to snare were thin. If he couldn't kill something big soon, he was going to be too weak to do it at all, and then the snow would come and that would be the end of him. He didn't want to end. He particularly didn't want to end alone and in his sad little cave.He'd never been taken along on the hunt, but sometimes he'd heard the b-men and a-men talking about it, so he had a vague idea of the different methods. There weren't many that were possible for a single, inexperienced hunter. Lying in wait near the watering hol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crack
Alternate Universe -Prehistoric
Alternate Universe
Humor
Cavemen
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony
Alpha Bruce
Alpha Steve
Alpha Natasha
Beta Clint
Mpreg
Alpha Thor
Beta Bucky
Alpha Fury
Beta Phil
Beta Maria Hill
Crack Treated Seriously
Beta Jane

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

