Work Text:
Iron Man was laughing.It was careless and heartfelt, bright. He sounded happy which was something Tony still struggled for most days and Steve had to swallow against the rise of emotion in his throat as he tipped his head back to scan the sky for his teammate.Iron Man was hovering almost directly above him, some thirty or forty feet up – it was hard to tell at that angle. The sunlight was gleaming off the armor, making it shine, all bright crimson and gold. It hurt Steve's eyes, but he didn't look away. Soft chuckles still came over the open comm channel, honestly amused and touched with a genuine fondness that Tony had been slowly learning not to hide from them. Steve tried to image the smile that would accompany that laughter and had to swallow against the sudden dryness in his throat. He wanted to call up to Iron Man and tell him to come down to the ground, wanted to raise the face plate of the armor and see that smile for himself, wanted to see it aimed at him. He wanted to know what happiness would taste like on Tony's mouth, how that laughter would feel against his skin.Instead he took a deep, steadying breath, reminded himself that this wasn't the place or the time – when will be? a tired voice in the back of his mind demanded, as it always did, when will Captain America find his courage? –  and aimed a grin skyward in case Tony happened to look down. “Don't encourage them, Iron Man.”
“Oh, come on, Cap! Everyone's having a good time and they're not hurting anything.”
That was mostly true. There was some property damage, but it was mostly minor and seemed to be entirely accidental. The NYPD were handling the crowds, and the civilians mostly seemed to be treating the whole thing as just another Tuesday afternoon in New York City. Aside from some tourists who kept trying to snap pictures with their phones, no one seemed to even think it was terribly unusual to see Spider-Man and Tigra riding on a dragon's back as Thor and Giant Girl coaxed it down the street back toward the dimensional portal it had come from. “It's not very professional.”Iron Man was laughing again, but at Steve this time. Steve was okay with that. “There's a protocol for this?”One of the tourists, a young man with purple hair, was literally bending over backwards trying to get a picture of Iron Man, apparently preferring the armored super-hero to the enormous black and red dragon slowly walking down the street. Steve bit back the urge to congratulate the man on his taste. “Maybe not.”
“Even you have to admit it's at least a little cool. I mean, just how often do you get to see a real live dragon in New York City?”
Not that often, not even in their line of work. “So does that mean you're willing to forgive Reed?”“I'm going to punch him in the teeth one day,” Iron Man said, and he sounded so happy about the idea. “No you aren't,” Steve said fondly and he was ninety percent sure he was right.The other ten percent, well, Reed would probably deserve it. Spider-Man was standing up along the dragon's back, pretending to be surfing as it moved. Tigra was straddling the dragon's neck with her heels kicked out and her hands up in the air like she was on the world's scaliest roller coaster. “Well, it could be worse.”The dragon that had wandered out of Reed's inter-dimensional portal – and did he have to test things like that in the middle of the city? What about public safety? Sure, Tony's experiments occasionally exploded and Hank had once accidentally unleashed a swarm of termites on Lexington Avenue but this seemed like a whole other level – had initially seemed like a threat. But by the time the Avengers arrived on the scene the beast had seemed to calm a little. It had seemed more afraid and confused than hostile, and while it wasn't sentient, Steve thought it was probably an intelligent animal, like a dog or a horse, smart enough to know when someone was trying to help it. Thor in particular had done wonders to settle the dragon down, cheerfully tossing his hammer down with a heavy thud and the sound of cracking asphalt as he approached and spoke to it softly. The dragon had allowed him closer until Thor could place a gentle hand on its snout and it had been quite calm after that.“I'm going to call it Toothless,” Spider-Man announced over the comms.“It has a lot of teeth,” Steve said, and Tigra laughed.“The police are clearing the streets between here and the Baxter Building,” Iron Man reported. “They're asking if they should risk sending the first responders back.”“Unless there's an emergency elsewhere, have them stick around,” Steve decided. He rolled his shoulders and hefted his shield like it would help defend him. “Say, Iron Man. When we're done here I was thinking cheeseburgers. We're not so far from that little diner that MJ used to work at, the one with the really good malts and those cheese fries you like. I could treat – I mean, if you haven't eaten yet.”There was a split-second pause that was probably just Iron Man pro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Kiss
Getting Together
Fluff
Romantic Friendship
Love Confessions
Reed Richards is a hazard to public safety
Reed gives no fucks because SCIENCE
Hurt Tony
Hurt/Comfort
more comfort than hurt really
Steve Rogers has dirty thoughts

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

