Work Text:
It started with a team-building exercise. Like a lot of things that ended up working out better than they should have, it was Coulson's idea.“You actually don't make a half-bad team,” Coulson says, and he's still a little too pale and still hunches his shoulders in an odd way to avoid pulling on his injury, but the Glare is back in fine form. “If we eliminate the Chitauri staff entirely, you guys almost managed to get it right.”Tony Stark looks to be half asleep, sprawling on the couch in what Steve thinks are probably silk pajama pants and a too-small t-shirt that proclaimed Back to the Future on it in large white font (it makes Steve vaguely uncomfortable, like maybe it's a joke at his expense, but he's trying not to assume the worst). He looks like Coulson had dragged him out of bed, which was probably the case seeing as Stark had been ten minutes late to this meeting even though it was being held in his own living room. “You have met me, right, Agent? I don't do teamwork. It says so in my file.”“No,” Coulson says. He's the only one standing, in his suit and tie, a pair of shades tucked into his jacket pocket. He has a clipboard with him that he hasn't so much as glanced at  yet. “You don't like teamwork. None of you do. But all of you are capable of it. I've seen the footage of the battle. If the six of you can break your own bad habits and start working together, you could be the world's most effective fighting unit.” He gives them all the Glare again for good measure. Steve has to consciously fight the urge to sit up straighter. Agent Barton squirms in his seat and even Romanoff looks mildly chastised. Stark offers Coulson a toothy grin that manages to look – from what Steve can tell, anyway, Stark is a better actor than the spies, sometimes – mostly sincere. “Aw, Agent, you love us.”“You're an idiot,” Coulson tells him. “I am just the poor bastard with the bad luck to be stuck with you all. I pray for the day I get reassigned to personal security for Kim Kardashian because it would be less aggravating and more productive use of my time.”“If SHIELD is providing personal security to reality divas, I'm moving back to India,” Dr. Banner interjects, and everyone save Coulson and Stark blink at him like they'd almost forgotten he was there.“No,” Stark says, reaching out both hands and making grabby-motions at Banner like a toddler. “No, Bruce. Bruuuuuuuce. Don't leave me.”It makes Steve want to twitch, but Banner just chuckles and shoots Stark a quick grin. “Well, I suppose as long as I have such a nice lab to work in, I might as well stay and get some research done.”Stark seems to be satisfied at that and burrows back against the couch cushions. “Children,” Coulson says. “In the interest of encouraging team-building-”“Oh, god,” Stark interrupts. “Tell me we aren't going to be living in some log cabin in the woods and playing trust-building exercises. Because nature gives me hives and the first time Barton dropped Bruce we'd have a Hulk-sized hole in the ground where he used to be.”The words all make sense, Steve can't help but think. Context though, that's everything.“I'm with Tony on this one,” Banner says. He leans forward in his chair and eyes Coulson warily over the top of his glasses. It's the same look he gives all the SHIELD agents, though, so Steve doesn't think there's any imminent outburst. “No offense to any of you, but I don't do well with enforced togetherness. I am definitely a guy who needs his space. And a team-building retreat is not exactly known for privacy, so...”“Nothing that elaborate,” Coulson assures him. “I'm initiating a mandatory team-building night. Once a week-”Tony groans and slumps against the pillows like a puppet whose strings have just been cut. “-all six of you will spend a period of time no less than one-hundred-and-twenty-minutes in length in each other's company.” He ignores another dramatic groan from Stark that makes Steve sigh and Barton bite back a grin. “What you do with that time is up for the six of you to agree upon, but I would suggest a movie night.”“Movie night,” Barton repeats.“It's not a bad idea,” Steve says. He feels a little wounded when almost everyone's expressions clearly indicate surprise at his agreement. “If we start off with a movie night, we can get  used to each other's company without a lot of awkward and forced conversation. And if this works, we can always adjust to do something else.” “I've checked all of your schedules,” Coulson says, holding up the clipboard. “And Thursday is the best night.”“Do we have to?” Stark whines.“Yes,” Coulson says serenely. “This is mandatory for all Avengers personnel-”“I'm not an Avenger,” Stark announces, crossing his arms. “I'm a consultant, you were going to bring in War Machine instead, so since I'm not actually a part of the team, I think I should be excused.”“If you're out, I'm out,” Banner tells Stark and he's giving Coulson the suspicious look again. “Don't be stupid,” Romanoff says without 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Ensemble Cast
Team Bonding
First Kiss
Cuddling & Snuggling
Artist Steve
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

