Chapter 1: September 2011
    


Notes:
I also don't own the movie "My Best Friend's Wedding", or the scene that Steve attempts to re-do.




Chapter Text

September 2011
Tony hummed, nodding as the bakers brought in the cake to the kitchen space. Blue ombre, with blue and purple butterflies streaking up the side. "That is a beautifully done cake.""It should be for the price you paid for it." Tony smiled when Pepper walked into the kitchen. "All the tables have been set, the flowers in place, and the DJ has set up her stuff." Tony nodded and took the tablet from Pepper's hands."All the food is about to be taken out of the oven, or being prepared now, so it'll be fresh when the reception starts." Even the coffee the team he had assembled had been heaven in his mouth that morning. Tony turned to look at Pepper and smiled. "You look good in that blue dress.""A birthday present from you, Mr Stark," she smirked back at him. "Everything looks beautiful. The chairs are going up outside as we speak.""I'm not worried about Agent or Mary getting dressed on time, but I feel that I must ask about my wayward son, and his best friend." Tony groaned when Pepper just smiled at him. "Where are they?""Steve is with them, trying to get them to, stay, dressed." Tony rubbed his face, handing the tablet back to Pepper. "Third door, on the right," she said brightly as Tony left the kitchen, before snagging one of the crème puffs.Tony could hear the excited laughter coming from the room before he even reached the door. Tony knocked twice before opened the door. Peter and Wade were jumping on the bed that was in the room with their pants and shirt on, while Steve was sitting in the corner chair, still in his clothes from when he woke up, looking exhausted."Rogers, you've only been up for three hours," Tony said as he stepped in the room, hands on his hips. "There's no way that two kids have exhausted a super soldier.""You're assuming this super soldier got sleep last night," Steve said, his eyes closed in the chair."Jarvis did tell me that you were up all night," Tony said, grabbing the two pair of socks that Peter and Wade should have had on by now. He turned towards the bed, and Peter jumped towards Tony with his arms out. Tony caught the boy in his arms, then flopped him down on the bed, making him giggle. Wade flopped down next to them, smiling. "Talking to a friend.""I told you, I have friends outside of New York," Steve said with a slight smirk. He pushed himself up from the chair grabbing the two pair of shoes from the bench. He grabbed Wade around the waist before the older boy could scramble from the bed. He laughed in Steve's arms as the blonde put the socks on him. "They do like to talk to me occasionally.""Apparently not during regular waking hours," Tony said with a smirk. He grabbed Peter's converse and started to put them on the squirming boy."You never had a bad night?" Steve said, holding onto Wade, feet pointed towards Tony. Tony raised an eyebrow at him, but grabbed the other converse and put them on Wade as well. "Bow ties are going to be near impossible to get on these two.""That's why I've got clip-ons!" Tony said with a grin, tickling Peter. "Come on, kiddo, if you finish getting dressed we can go see Mama before everyone else gets here.""Okay!" Peter said with a grin, hopping up to his feet. Tony chuckled and pulled out two red clip-on ties. He passed one to Steve and they put them on the boys. "I have taken two wily, scrappy, little boys, and I've turned them into handsome little men!""You did?" Steve looked at him. "Excuse you, I helped!""Mmm, I don't know," Tony turned his eyes to Steve. He got up, standing behind Peter and Wade. He crossed his arms, Peter and Wade copying him, all three looking at Steve now. "I don't know if we can turn this scrappy blonde into a handsome man. I may have used all my magic on you two boys. What do you think?" Steve turned a deadpan expression to Tony."We can do it," Peter proclaimed."Yeah!" Wade agreed. "I mean, we'll try our best, no promises Mr Tony," He looked up at Tony as Tony looked down at him. "It's a lot of work." Tony let out a laugh and Wade grinned."You're going to be dangerous when you get older kid," Tony said ruffling his hair a bit. There would be no saving either boys hair for the wedding. "Alright, get to work you two." Tony dropped into the chair that Steve had been sitting in earlier.Wade went for Steve's suit and Peter hopped back up on the bed. "Wade, I need a comb!" Tony smirked, watching the boys work with a ruthless efficiency that Peter never even gave to his homework."I feel like this should be a violation of my basic rights," Steve commented, but didn't move from his seat on the bed."A lot's changed since your time, Cap!" Tony called out. "This is a whole new beast to contend with.""I think I've been doing pretty well with the Twenty-First Century, Tony," Steve said back to him."I was talking about kids!" Tony laughed. "Heaven help us all if the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Mary Parker

freeform: 
Superhusbands
Superfamily
Dad!Tony
Peter is Tony's son
Fluff
Angst
Not Iron Man compliant
Not Canon Compliant
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Steve Needs a Hug
Steve is a little shit
Tony is a little shit
Mary Parker is a good bro
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Alternate Universe
PTSD
Nightmares
Anxiety
Slow Build
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
there is no civil war here
Peter is adorable
Sequel
proof positive series
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Science Bros

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Mary Parker

