Chapter 1: Birds of a Feather. . . .Get Webbed Together?
    




Chapter Text
Just A Random Wingfic Chapter 1
Birds of a Feather. . .Get Webbed Together?  "TOOOOO THE WIIIINDOOOOOW! TOOOO THE WAAAALLL!" Spider-Man cringed at Deadpools less than on key attempt at singing as the man threw another baddie into said wall, effectively knocking the poor robber out.He quickly webbed him there before flipping over gracefully dodging three bullets and ending in a spin to kick the one behind him.
"TILL THE SWEAT DROP DOWN MY B-" "Deadpool!" Peter shouted though he couldn't hide the amused tone in his voice and he mentally kicked himself at the smile stuck stupidly on his face. Because that was just so Wade. Another punch and Deadpool paused before suddenly dancing side to side, "MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TO THE YARD!"
And this time Spider-Man didn't hold back his laugh as he webbed the last baddie up. He didn't even berate himself for calling him Wade in his head rather than Deadpool. This was becoming a more accepted title to the merc as of late.
"Your 90's/2000's kick is going to kill me Pool," he crossed his arms as the leather clad man came up with his "I KNOW YOU WANT IT"
Webbing the Alpha he jerked him forward laughing, planning on swinging him to the other side of the roof in their strange unspoken way of saying" you go get food meet you at the normal place."
Unfortunately Peter hadn't expected Wades wings to fling out as he was doing it, causing the other to twist around, the webbing to be caught on a wing and pulling him forward on top of the vigilante, sticky spider web now holding their chests and one wing together.
They were mere inches apart. Wade wasn't singing anymore. Peter wasn't laughing. He could see the red clad anti-heroes opposite wing ruffle and he knew he wanted to present-again! But Peter had told him no more-especially during fights or around baddies.
And Peter couldn't figure out why he kept doing it. It wasn't like he was going to respond. It wasn't like he was going to take that type of rejection.
Though laying on his back, Wades large muscled body on top of his own Peter felt his resolve crumble just a bit. Leaning his head into Wades neck, and inhaling deeply as the other shuddered Peter sighed at the purely Alpha scent on the other. Some very small and sad part of him-he fondly called that part of him his bitch omega side- really wanted to just let Wade ravish him. To mate with him.
And god that was most assuredly NOT a gun in Wades pocket.
Pushing the other over he made quick work of his webs and climbing off him, his arousal sharp in the air along with Deadpools own.
"Pizza," was all he could say before he swung off before he did something stupid.
Like show his ugly, shameful black wings.
--------=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=--=--=-=--=-==-=-=-=--=-=-=--=-=-=-
Peter flipped over from where he had been climbing the wall of the building to hand stand on the edge of the roof giving his back a good stretch.
"Didn't know we signed up for dinner AND a show," a voice chuckled from behind before giving off an unmanly squeal and Peter-currently clad in his Spider-Man outfit- watched Deadpool spin and hug himself continuing in a high pitched voice," now give us a twirl! How 'bout you come hang off good ol Daddy-Pool and use us as a stripper pole baby-boy."
Spiderman rolled his eyes and flipped onto the roof and crossed his arms.
"I'm hardly a baby Deadpool," he chuckled," and you are definitely not thin enough to be a pole of any sort."
Being a baby may have been the case when Peter was a newbie hero, but now he was a full fledged Avenger, hell he was even turning 24, and a working college student. There was nothing baby about him.
And taking a moment to appreciate the flaunting 6ft winged man clad in skin tight red and black spandex Peter doubted Deadpool was ever anything resembling a pole since hitting maturity.
Course the mercenary seemed to have the uncanny ability to read his mind, or just naturally think in an overly sexualized manner-actually Peter was pretty sure that is what it truly was- when he spread out his wings-presenting them on top of the roof where anyone could see the display the bastard- letting the golden brown and red splashed appendages stretch proudly.
"You're right arachnid boy, this sexy bod is anything BUT like a pole," he flexed his arms and wings a grin obvious through the tight mask," heeehee. Butt.""You are the child if either one of us is," Spider-Man walked over passed the other as he put his wings away going to where a few pizza boxes lay. It was Friday. Peters choice for dinner day. It had become a thing over the past few months of their meetings and Peter finally tiring of JUST Mexican every night they hung out. And ever since Deadpool had decided he liked Spider-Man and Peter had slowly warmed up to the merc with a mouth, it had become a frequent event so long as Deadpool wasn't out due to a job.
Deadpool probably isn't listening because he's already prattling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wingfic
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Protective Wade
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Avengers Family
Angst
Torture

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

