Work Text:
Bucky doesn't leave his apartment for six months after he gets out of the hospital. The physical therapist comes to him; he pays the teenage boy from down the hall to get groceries, and sweet-talks either Natasha or Sam into coming over with booze. Well, he goes outside once, the first week, because New York was home, once. But now, the sounds of the cars are overwhelming, and every step is an explosion waiting to happen; every person reaching into a purse or a pocket for a cellphone is going for a gun; and in the shadows of the buildings, there lurks death. Bucky freezes in the middle of a busy street, and winds up diving for cover from the honking horns. Some kind stranger (whose face Bucky doesn't even see through the fog of panic) helps him home, and Bucky doesn't go out again. –Fury calls once to say, “Glad you finally made it home, Sergeant,” and Bucky knows that what that really means is, “Glad you're alive.”Bucky wants to say, “I didn't,” to tell someone that somewhere between the battlefield and the prison and all the things he can't chase from his mind, he didn't make it home, not really; but he refuses to be that goddamn maudlin to his CO, of all people, so Bucky just leaves it at “Yes, sir.”– Just because he never goes out, doesn't mean Bucky feels any safer at home. It's all nightmares and perimeter checks, flashbacks that take over a brain already full-to-the-brim with the constant awareness that they're coming for him. (You can take the boy out of the war, but you can't take the war out of the boy).Only Natasha ever looks at him with anything but teeth-grinding worry, and that's just because she's good at hiding. There's too many hours in a day, especially since he hardly ever sleeps, and Bucky fills the time with trying to re-build the body that's been wrecked by injury and starvation. He pushes himself too hard in PT; he orders a treadmill online, and runs on it until he collapses. He does crunches until he can't breathe, and tries to make up for his barely-functional left arm by doing innumerable pushups with just his right. (His muscles give out and won't move without screaming pain for days at a time; his physical therapist screams at him for putting so much strain on himself; Sam and Natasha show up and take away all of the exercise equipment). All Bucky's trying to do is feel a little bit closer to safe. –Natasha has business in her eyes, walking through the door. “I got you a job,” she says. “Hello to you too, Natalia,” Bucky tells her. “No deflecting, James.” “I don't need a job,” he says, avoiding her gaze. “I've got pension and disability.” She glares, hands on her hips. “You need to get out of the house.”“I really don't,” Bucky says. “Sam and I are going to stop bringing booze.” Bucky's eyes go huge. “You don't mean that.”“You think we don't know what you've been doing?” Natasha snaps. “Sam and I have given you half a year worth of leeway, mostly because he's a bleeding-heart social worker.”“And...?”Natasha makes a face. “And because I know what it's like to come home from war,” she says, resigned. “I have a friend whose brother just ditched the family business. He needs some help, and he knows what dealing with you is gonna be like.” Bucky's not sure why he stops fighting her. “What's the job?” –The first day on the job, Bucky hits the ground every time an engine revs; his hands shake when he holds a wrench. But something about the grease and the smell of gasoline feels like home, and Bucky's mind goes clear and focused when he's working. The first time a dead-silent car purrs back to life, and Bucky knows that he's the one responsible, it feels like he could fix anything—like maybe, maybe he's got a shot at fixing himself. Clint, his boss, laughs easy, smiles often, and looks the other way when Bucky seeks cover at sudden, loud noises. He gives Bucky time to figure out how to work around the limited mobility in his left arm, and teaches anything he doesn't know. Bucky wonders why a man would let himself—his livelihood—be saddled with a human wreck; but Natasha comes by the shop one day, and the way Clint looks at her, Bucky understands. Clint's got his own ghosts, besides (there's the brother who went away, and the parents he will never mention), but it just—it makes more sense. It makes sense when Clint grunts, halfway under some souped-up Camero (all cliché, red, with the racing stripes), and asks, “So, how'd you and Nat meet?” “Special ops,” Bucky tells him, passing the engine part, “classified.” “Ain't everything that way...” Clint says. “At least, where she's concerned.”Bucky wants to tell him it will be alright, but Natasha is an unsolved riddle, even after all these years; he doesn't know if this is the kind of story that ends with Clint happy. –Bucky goes out, sometimes, now. It's easier spending time with people one-on-one—one person is still all he can manage to focus on, with the constant, looming threat of danger taking up the usual chunk of his attention. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Trauma
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Mechanics
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Recovery
Natasha and Clint being complicated in the background

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Background Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov - Relationship

