Work Text:

Now
This was not how Stiles envisioned tonight ending at all.He assumed decent tips if he was lucky. This was a Maria Stark Foundation charity event, after all. Rich people standing around drinking champagne while staring at the art up for grabs in a silent auction. Art that Stiles firmly believed could’ve been done by a monkey (he just did not understand Modern Art at all; Tiana despaired of him ever having class) but was supposedly done by some up-and-coming hipster out of Astoria.The art was ruined. Stiles couldn’t really feel bad about that. The abstract collage paintings framed in candy bar wrappers were hideous. The hipster was probably crying into his PBR in a corner somewhere.Someone cleared their throat, the sound drowning out the ringing in Stiles’ ears. “That’s one helluva swing you’ve got there, kid.”Stiles looked up from his blood and brain-covered bat to where Tony Stark stood not even five feet away in his ruined tuxedo. Pepper Potts hovered at his elbow, her StarkPhone plastered to her ear as she spoke intently to whoever was on the other side of the line. The bruise coming up on her bare arm was the perfect shape of Stiles’ handprint from when he’d grabbed her and hauled her out of the hellhound’s walking buffet line. The three of them were the only ones left in the now destroyed private gallery.Stiles’ gaze drifted over to the hellhound’s corpse, with its caved in skull and brain matter leaking out of its nose. He wondered if it could be passed off as a rabid dog? Stiles blinked, his chest constricting. He fought against the hysterical laughter that crawled its way up his throat but couldn’t stop it from escaping his mouth.Stiles was still laughing by the time the police arrived. Luckily, Tony had taken away his bat.

*

Six years ago
Senior year of high school was supposed to be the highlight of his adolescent life. That’s what all the teen movies said, but Stiles’ life had more in common with a horror film fest than it did the latest teen romcom to hit the silver screen. The movies never ended well if you were the sidekick, the wallflower, the third wheel hanger-on. You didn’t get to be the hero, be in the spotlight, or get the girl. All those milestones were for someone else to hit.“I don’t know why I’m doing this,” Stiles said as he measured yet another ingredient on the scale. The pale orange powder kept making him want to sneeze and since Deaton refused to waste even half a gram of the stuff, Stiles kept having to leave the exam room and go have epic sneezing fits in the hallway.“I can’t, in good conscience, let you leave Beacon Hills without giving you some measure of control,” Deaton said calmly.“What are you talking about? I have plenty of control.”“Not giving into your habit for spontaneity doesn’t count as control, Stiles. Now finish the healing salve so I can see if you’ve actually been paying attention today.”He’d only been at this for five hours or so, give or take his lunch break. It used to be Stiles would spend his free time with Scott. Summer had been a cliché-fest of lacrosse practice, video game marathons, and the forced closeness of two people growing apart and too afraid to accept the loss. Stiles had forgiven Scott for his actions surrounding the kanima mess and Gerard last year, but forgiving didn’t mean he’d forget. He still woke up some nights with the remembered ache in his face and ribs from Gerard’s fists and the ugly, bitter terror that no one was coming for him.The nightmares never truly went away, they just got replaced with something worse. Story of his life.Instead of spending Christmas break practicing lacrosse to move off the bench and play one more time before graduation, he was at the vet’s learning to make salves and potions and calling Deaton Snape because he found it hilarious even if no one else did. Even if no one else knew where he was right now.His phone sat on the metal exam table. Stiles checked it every now and then but he still had no calls, no texts, no communication from anyone in the pack. He’d texted Scott that morning to see if the other teen wanted to hang out, then done a group text to everyone else, asking the same question. It was going on 4:00 p.m. and still no answer.In the wake of the fallout from the Alpha pack in their junior year and the forced alliances that had drawn everyone together, Stiles thought things would be different. He thought Scott being grudgingly accepted into Derek’s pack at the end of the school year would be a good thing for his best friend. Werewolves needed a pack, Derek had been right about that, and one best friend with a knack for mountain ash and not much else at the moment wasn’t going to cut it.Scott was learning things with the other betas that Stiles couldn’t hope to teach him despite his Google-fu. He told himself he wasn’t resentful about the change of status quo but every time he’d visited Scott lately, Isaac was there, or Allison when she could slip her dad’s watchful eye and tighter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Magic!Stiles
Original Character(s)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

