Work Text:
The bar was small and crowded with people. It was just full enough to detract any unwanted attention from the two large blonde men in the corner. Steve enjoyed the average joe feel of the evening. Well, as average as a night can be for a super soldier and a god. They drank pitchers of beer while Steve tried to explain the wonder of baseball."But where is the battle, the glory of a fight?" Thor said laughing."The glory is in skill of your practice and long hours of training." Steve said with conviction. "And if the wind is blowing in the right direction.""I will watch a match with you, if you drink something special with me. Something favored in my homeland." Thor pulled a large flask from his coat pocket. They had each consumed a pitcher of beer but Steve felt only vaguely buzzed. Steve knew an evening out with Thor risked the possibility of actual drunkenness from Asgardian wine. He figured letting go every once in awhile was something he had earned.Before he could agree, Thor had poured the flask's contents into their two glasses. Smiling and shaking his head, Steve lifted his glass."Uh, to homelands then." Steve said."To homelands." Thor echoed. "Now we must drink it in one go as to not shame our ancestors."Steve chugged as fast as he could, slamming the glass back to the table seconds after Thor. They roared with laughter. Something about Thor made Steve feel a little bit more normal and at ease. Or maybe that easy feeling was the alcohol. The combination of beer and Asgardian spirits mixed together hit him like a freight train.Steve was drunk. He could count the times he had been drunk on one hand, almost all of those from the pre-serum days. Before he never saw the appeal but this felt nice. Warm and fuzzy and everything was great. He would have to tell Tony he finally got it.Shit, Tony! "What time is it?" Steve asked, trying to find a clock."According to your watch, my friend, it is a quarter to midnight." Thor said."Oh yeah." Steve laughed. "I guess I need to be getting home.""Ah, yes, I can understand wanting to get back to Barnes and Stark." Thor nodded. "Once I would have been envious of such an arrangement between three such beautiful men."Steve felt a blush rise to his cheeks."But let me keep you no longer. It was great fun."        “You aren’t going back to the tower?” Steve asked. Thor smiled and winked but said nothing. They hugged and Steve was on his way back home to his "beautiful men". Bucky was going to love that one.The Avengers Tower was deserted, no immediate threats were at hand so the team was in the wind. Steve took the private elevator to Tony’s room. No, wait, it was their penthouse. Steve and Bucky still had other private rooms. Tony had his workshop to retreat to. However, for the most part they cohabitated in the penthouse. It was a good thing Tony had a bed big enough for the entire Avengers team to share, so the three men were always comfortable. Walking into the room, Steve found his two favorite people already in bed. Of course neither were asleep because they stayed up til the crack of dawn. Steve had caught Tony sneaking into bed on several occasions as Steve was getting up for a morning run.Both men were reclined on the bed reading quietly; their legs crossed in a mirrored position. They were so alike but so different in many ways. Like bookends. It wasn’t until that moment that Steve realized he had a type, something about those snarky brunettes did it for him. Bucky wore black pajama pants that contrasted beautifully with his naked torso and dark hair. He held a paperback novel with the cover folded back, just like every other time Steve saw him read. Tony held his tablet, probably reading over some engineering theory that Steve had no hope of understanding. Or watching porn. Steve noticed Tony had on his favorite red satin robe, which meant he was naked underneath. Tony loved the feeling of the robe all over his bare skin. Steve removed his boots while still leering at the others. It could have been the booze or just seeing the two of them laid out so prettily, but Steve’s blood was suddenly on fire.“Did you have fun, Stevie?” Bucky asked, dog-earing his place and setting the book aside on the nightstand. “Yes, sir I did.” Steve replied. “That Thor is a ton of fun.”Tony snickered, looking up finally.The smooth fabric of the robe ruffled as he tossed the tablet. Steve knew Tony was loving that slip sliding sensation as he moved. “You are such a libertine." Steve blurted out. Tony gave an innocent look. “Libertine?” Tony said. “I prefer hedonist. You must be feeling good if you're getting historical at me." Steve flashed a lopsided grin."My, my, my." Tony said. "Mr. Rogers, I do believe you are drunk.”Bucky’s eyes narrowed at Steve. “I can’t believe it!” Bucky said. “You are right!”“I knew Thor wouldn’t let us down.” Tony smirked. Steve thought he should have a part of him that was angry that they all conspired against him but he felt good. He felt so incred
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Drinking
Asgardian Liquor
Thor Is a Good Bro
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Daddy Kink
Panty Kink
Bucky in panties
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Butt Plugs
Come Sharing
Come Swallowing
Breast Fucking
Established Relationship
Kink of all kinds
OT3

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

