Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Iron Man suit wasn't really made for formal occasions, let alone audiences with kings, but Tony was gambling that it would impress Odin. And if Odin was anything like the other two Asgardians Tony had encountered, making an impression would be paramount. Certainly the All-Father's expression didn't show any disdain when Tony hovered in - a foot above the ground, showing off just a little.
Tony landed on the floor beside Thor and knelt to remove his helmet, as Thor had instructed. Apparently there was more than one Asgardian with a thing for kneeling. Tony felt ridiculous, but Thor had beseeched him. As in, "My friend, I know it is not the custom of Midgard, but I beseech you-"

"No need for beseeching, Point Break. When in Rome," Tony had told him. Hey, when a linebacker-sized guy with the power of controlling lightning and big baby blue eyes beseeched you - besought you? - you did what he wanted.
As soon as Tony was on his feet again Odin was speaking. "Midgard may rest easy, Anthony Howardson. Loki will never trouble your world again."
"Actually, your Majesty, I'm here to ask you to send Loki back to Earth."
Odin's eye widened a fraction. "You wish to punish him yourself? I doubt a human prison could keep Loki confined."
"Not exactly. We're thinking more along the lines of reparations." Out of habit, Tony started to prowl restlessly around the room. Not a very big room, but grand enough, with gold bric-a-brac all over the place, and a couple of nice big ornate chairs for the king and queen to sit in, just in case anyone forgot who was who here. The queen was beautiful, by the way. Didn't look very happy, but beautiful, yes.
"Don't know how much your pride and joy there has told you about me," Tony began. "But being an Avenger is kind of a second career for me. I've spent most of my life building weapons. Designing them, running the companies that manufacture them." Well, helping to run them. Sort of helping. No need to go into those kinds of details. He needed this to look good for Odin. Pepper would forgive him. Like she forgave him everything. Almost everything. "I made sure that my country's soldiers, and those of our allies, were the best equipped soldiers on Midgard." Not bringing up how it hadn't actually worked out that way. "The sheer presence of armies with that kind of hardware was a deterrent to aggressors and kept the peace for the better part of twenty years. I privatized world peace." Tried to. Until he'd found out not only how hard it was to control who got their hands on his creations, but how few people actually merited his trust.
"Really, your Majesty," Tony continued, inclining his head to Odin in a small bow, "it's not unlike what you've done - on a much smaller scale, I'll give you that.
"Your boy - the jock, not the egghead - tells me that my planet would have been an arctic colony for the Jotuns if you hadn't beaten them back. I'm afraid that most of the details of that have passed into legend for us, but lately we've been finding out that we're not alone in the universe, and if it weren't for Asgardian hegemony, we probably would have been conquered by some aliens or other before we even figured out how to make a steam engine." And much as it galled Tony to admit it, even to himself, that was probably true. "Don't know if Earth ever got around to thanking you for it, so on Earth's behalf, much appreciated." The words wanted to stick in his throat, but Tony forced them out. And then moved on, quickly. "Your boy also tells me the Chitauri paid you guys a couple of visits lately."
"They were no match for warriors of Asgard," Odin said, dismissive.
"Of course not. But they've been coming to Earth every couple of months for almost three years now, and we only have one warrior of Asgard on our side. Another one wouldn't hurt. Plus, of course, we humans would like to see the guy who invaded us facing consequences. Just knowing that he's in jail on another planet we can't even visit isn't the same, you know?" Tony took a piece of fruit - it looked like a plum, but who knew - from a bowl on a table against the wall and turned it over in his hands, wondering if he could get away with taking it away to dissect it. Alien fruit, who knew what it was like on the inside. "All these centuries we thought Asgard was a myth. Then the first Asgardian to visit us in a thousand years - well, the first one most of us knew about - is bent on conquering the planet. Not the best PR, right?"
The royal couple just stared at him.
Tony gestured to a chair. "Can I sit down? Is that against protocol or something? Actually, this suit isn't really made for sitting, I'll stand. So, we know your boy Loki's been in jail for the past three years and change. And, yeah, three years of prison isn't really enough for invading a planet, even if he was being forced to do it."
Tony carefully neglected to mention what had been going on in that prison. He suspected this was a matter of cultural di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor
Beth the Waitress/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Sif/Thor

freeform: 
Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Loki wasn’t the bad guy in The Avengers

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Thor
Beth the Waitress/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Sif/Thor

