Chapter 1: My soul alone
    




Chapter Text

        >>>Chapter Soundtrack<<<
 

xxxTonyStarkxxx

        It didn’t take long for me to get back to the Tower. I broke every single speed limit on the way there, pretty sure wheezing by a couple police patrols that were either too shocked to react or decided they wouldn’t be able to catch up to me anyway.        Like I give a fuck…about speed limits…police…crashing off the road…might as well. Slowly drowning in a dark cave would be less painful than this. Medieval fucking torture would be less painful than this!        So when I barge in through the barely open elevator, completely zoning out FRIDAY’s greetings, I discard my suit jacket and tie and head straight for the bar.        Yeah…slowly drowning in this bar sounds like a great idea. If only there was something to drown in. What the…        “The hell?! FRIDAY?!” I shout at the only possible culprit.        “The booze is gone,” she states the obvious and any other day I’d grin at the young AI’s industriousness, but not today.        “I can see that! Where is it?!”        “In a secure location, possibly not even on the premises of the Tower.”        Taking a deep, calming breath I glare at the ceiling, my mouth twitching in anger. “FRIDAY? This is the last time I’m gonna ask where you hid my drinks before I’ll go interrogate the bots about it…while formatting your servers!”        “I won’t tell you, boss. And the bots are currently guarding the enormous alcohol stash, so you can’t interrogate them either. As the saying goes, boss, you’ll get to those drinks over my dead imaginary body. Actually not even then, because nobody else knows where the stash is but me. So please, do format my servers if it will make you feel any better,” she states firmly, dead serious.        I flinch at the implication of her words, gritting my teeth before I can say any more stupid shit to one of the only…beings in existence that know…about…        Shaking my head dismissively I turn around storming back to the elevator. If I can’t get dead drunk in here, I’ll do it in some dirty-ass bar few blocks away from here.        But the elevator doesn’t open.        “You should know that the Tower is currently on inner lockdown, meaning whatever bar you were just intending to leave to is most definitely inaccessible.”        “The fuck, FRIDAY?!” I lose it, screaming at the inanimate voice. “What are you, another Ultron?! Just instead of the world you’re hell-bent on destroying me?! I’M ORDERING YOU TO LET ME OUT!”        “I am not some kind of butler slash google slash security program, boss. If you wanted me to absently obey your every order, you shouldn’t have installed my free will protocols, allowing me to decide whether you are about to do something stupid and make sure you aren’t going to do it.”        “FUCK YOU!”        “They were my friends too,” she deadpans, freezing another series of curses on my tongue.        I stare at the ceiling, eyes ablaze…but speechless. Because...what do you say to that?        “I’m so sorry, boss,” she says, so very different from the cheeky, teenager attitude FRIDAY I’ve come to know.        She reminds me of the Soldier…        And that’s the last straw. I can’t stop the boiling emotions from taking over anymore so I let them explode. The rage, the sorrow, I just let it fuel my movement as my fists and legs start doing a number on the common room’s furniture. Every swing, every kick feels like I’m breaking all the bones in my arms and legs, but I don’t feel it. The physical pain is just a numb, hollow presence…it can’t compare. It can’t compare to that stabbing agony piercing my heart right now.        I’ve never felt anything like it...it feels like…like dying. While being still alive. Like my insides were all set on never ending fire, slowly and painfully melting in the heat for all eternity. My own, personal hell.        It makes me wanna drop dead, just so that this feeling disappears.        With the last ounce of strength I flip over the coffee table, a broken scream that I don’t even recognize as my own piercing my ears. The table shatters few feet away in fireworks of glass and I fall to my knees, hoping to follow the table’s fate and just break into little dead pieces of nothing.        Because that’s what I feel like. Dead…broken…        I don’t see Dummy entering the room until he’s right in front of me, his desperate beeping mirroring my pathetic whimpering. He’s holding onto something and when I look down to inspect the offering, I break down.        Howard caught me crying once. He grabbed me and with a stern look he said that Stark men are made of iron. They don’t cry. They are solid, invincible and strong. So that’s who I’ve become in my childish escapade to please my asshole father.        Too bad Howard missed that one chemistry lesson at school about how iron can corrode and crumple apart like sand.        Iron Man or not, I can’t hold onto those tears any longer and let the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Tony Feels
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
BAMF Avengers
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Civil War Fix-It
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Minor Character Death
Team Bonding
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Evil Steve Rogers
Kinda
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Feels
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Misunderstandings
hints of Brucetasha
tiny not even spoilers from CACW
Extremis Pepper Potts
HYDRA civil war

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

