Work Text:


+++
Steve really thought Tony would be the possessive one. After all, Tony’s possessive about everything else – his suit, his cars, JARVIS, his time, and even Pepper (though that's all in Tony's head because Pepper never lets him get away with that). So Steve thought Tony would be the one who loved to cover Steve in his mark and scent, loved to keep him in bed until he's wrung every last moment of pleasure from Steve's body, and loved to always put a hand on Steve's hips or arms in a silent declaration of "mine!"Steve was expecting it, and he was even looking forward to finally having someone claim him as their own even as Steve claimed them in return. Steve felt as if he spent his entire life waiting, in restless anticipation of someone finally coming along and making his heart pound and blood burn, overwhelm his senses. And while Tony does make Steve’s heart pound and blood burn, Steve didn’t realize how much he would end up craving knowing he affected Tony in the same way.But Steve did.Steve found himself constantly wanting Tony near so he could reach out an arm and remind himself that Tony was still there. Constantly wanting to keep Tony in bed so Steve could hear more of the beautiful noises that he pulled from Tony's throat as Steve moved inside him. Constantly wanting to see Tony in nothing but Steve's too-big shirts so that Tony would always smell like him.Unsurprisingly, Tony picked up on Steve's habits and inclinations quickly, much to Steve's eternal embarrassment. But despite Tony's frequent teasing, giving Steve smirks and making not-so-subtle innuendos in front of the other Avengers multiple times a day, Steve got the impression that Tony liked when Steve was possessive. Tony’s never said one way or the other, but he never pulled away or told Steve to stop when Steve couldn’t help himself from putting several bright and large marks on Tony’s neck or absently rubbed his fingertips over the skin just above Tony’s jeans.In fact, Steve was beginning to suspect that Tony wanted him to be even more possessive, and Steve was increasingly sure of this as the weeks passed because every time he saw the glint in Tony's eyes, Steve took it as a challenge, one that always sparked another burst of possessiveness and often led to Steve dragging Tony back to bed for more hours spent naked and sweaty.And one day, Steve becomes absolutely sure that Tony craves Steve's displays of possessiveness and encourages them when Thor, who recently discovered the wonders of the Internet, comes barreling into the main living room, holding a brown package."Tony!" Thor booms, customary wide grin on his face. "A gift, shield brother." He presents the package to Tony, looking expectant, and Steve watches, curious about what Thor could have gotten Tony, and also wondering who actually ordered the gift because Thor certainly wouldn't have been able to figure out how to do so on his own.Tony stands up and takes the package, patting Thor on the shoulder. "Thanks, big guy. That's nice of you," he says, only a touch of sarcasm coloring the words Steve notices.Thor looks like an overexcited puppy as he eagerly watches Tony open the box, and Steve's curiosity skyrockets when Tony abruptly laughs at whatever he finds inside, which is still hidden from Steve's eyes."Where'd you find this?" Tony asks, turning his attention back to Thor, who's practically beaming."A truly skilled artisan named Amazon," Thor states proudly, and Tony laughs again, Steve having to stifle his own laughter. "Now you will be able to adorn yourself with your lovers' crest whenever you desire."Thor's words only deepen Steve's confusion. "What is it?"Alarm bells start ringing in Steve's ears when Tony slyly glances over at him, one side of his mouth curled up."Why, Captain, it's you," Tony drawls, setting the box on the table and pulling out whatever is inside.Steve's mouth falls open a little when he finally gets a look at Thor's gift. It's a tee-shirt designed to look like the top portion of Steve's Captain America outfit, a perfect rendition with the star and stripes, and Steve can’t speak for a moment, never having expected to see something like that. Tony holds the shirt in front of his chest, cocking his head and looking down at himself. "This will look fantastic on me, don’t you think, Cap?" he says, and this time, Steve distinctly, though distantly, hears the amused sarcasm.Thor, of course, is oblivious to the undertones, and merely smacks Tony on the arm in his boisterous way like he always does, still grinning, and then leaves, his retreating footsteps heavy.Tony turns to fully face Steve, still holding the shirt in front of him. "I bet you'd love to see me in this," Tony says, practically purring the words and giving Steve a faintly leering look, but before Steve can unstick his tongue from the roof of his mouth and respond, Tony leaves too, disappearing down the hall.Steve blinks a few times, trying to not let Tony's words get to him, but o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Possessive Steve Rogers
Sexual Content

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

