Work Text:
Steve wakes up.~The sense of deja vu is overwhelming, but when he tries to move his limbs refuse to obey. Everything is bright and sharp, and his eyes drift shut of their own volition. He tries to remember what happened; there must have been a fight. Who was their last villain? Zola, Steve thinks. Zola turned into a half-robotic monstrosity, to better complement the monster he'd been all along. Steve doesn't remember the fight itself.He's aching, bone-weary, more than he'd been after sleeping for seventy years. He doesn't hurt; he's just so damn tired.Despite his best efforts not to, he blacks out again.~He wakes up, and the room is still too bright. This time, Steve can feel all the ways his body is protesting this new development. His shoulders are stiff, legs half-asleep, throat parched. His head is killing him. It's hard to focus on more than one thing at a time, slowly, as if he's thinking through a thick fog. Everything, everything is slow.Steve manages to turn his head, and there's —'Welcome back, Lieutenant Rogers,' says Peggy. She smiles, so proud and happy, and she's wearing a white coat. She's holding a chart in her hands, and Steve can't breathe. There's a shrill, loud noise coming to him in waves. Heart monitor, he realises. He's hooked up to a heart monitor.Peggy puts her hand over Steve's, where it's laid out on top of the covers. 'Please calm down,' she says, more gentle than Steve has ever heard her. Except Steve isn't sure this is his Peggy, even though the name tag on her white coat reads Dr M. Carter, MD. 'I know this must be very confusing for you, but you're in good hands. You're all right.''Wh…' Steve coughs. His voice is faint and hoarse, like he hasn't used it in years. 'Where…?''New York,' Peggy says. 'You've been asleep, Lieutenant. For almost three years.'Before Steve can say — or try to say — anything else, before he can demand what the hell Peggy means, before he can anything, Peggy nods. Tony, in white scrubs, comes up to the side of the bed. Steve manages to lift his eyes to see, and there's an IV line going right into his arm. Tony takes out a small syringe with clear liquid, and —~Steve wakes up from a three-year coma in a VA hospital in Manhattan.There was an IED in Iraq, they tell him. His unit was ambushed. Steve got the worst of it, but thanks to his quick thinking everyone survived. He got a medal for his troubles.They tell him he's a first lieutenant in the Special Operations Command. Delta Force. Born July 4th, 1988. That's what his dog tags say, too.The men in his unit jokingly called him Captain America, but there was only ever respect to it. They'd go through hell and back for him.~Dr Margaret Carter is not a special agent for the British government, and Dr Tony Stark is not a playboy billionaire in a suit of armour. There are no heroes. There are no aliens or gods and, above all, there are no men out of time.~'The human subconscious has a way of processing things,' says Bruce. Dr Bruce Banner, clinical psychologist. 'You were asleep, but you were still aware of everything around you. That's how it works. Your brain just arranged the information in a way that wouldn't be overwhelming.'Steve raises his eyebrows. 'By turning me into a superhero in blue tights.''Coping mechanism dressed up as a wish-fulfilment fantasy,' says Bruce, shrugging. 'You had to label and categorise the people your brain registered. It did what it could to make it bearable. It's going to be okay, Lieutenant. Right now it has to seem like the things that happened in your dream are more real than your life before the coma, but it's going to be okay.''You were there,' Steve says. 'In my dream. You turned into a giant green rage monster.'Bruce just smiles.Steve doesn't tell him that in his dream, the Hulk saved everyone.~They give him exercises so that he gets full use of his body again, and day three is his first PT appointment. When his therapist walks through the door, Steve's heart stumbles over itself and he chokes out: 'Bucky?'He's — he's the same, except dressed comfortably for exercise and for a moment Steve thinks it's a long-sleeve shirt, but then realises that Bucky's left arm is just covered with tattoos. It's a good thing Steve's not hooked up to the heart monitor any more, because the staff might assume he's having a heart attack.Bucky blinks in surprise. 'They told you my name?''I — no.' Steve watches as Bucky leaves a beat-up bag at the foot of the bed, and perches on the edge. 'This is gonna sound idiotic,' he says, 'but I dreamed about you.'Bucky grins. 'That's not idiotic,' he says. 'I've known you a long-ass time, Steve. You'd better recognise me.'Everyone addresses Steve by his rank, and hearing his name on Bucky's lips makes something twist in the pit of Steve's stomach, something cold and aching.'You okay to start?' Bucky asks. 'We won't be doing any advanced acrobatics yet, just some stretches to get you back on your feet.'Steve nods, and then Bucky is helping h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

