Work Text:
 The first time Bucky Barnes meets Steve Rogers is on a quiet Thursday night in early February, in the hospital he works in.He makes his way back from the cafeteria after a much-deserved break, finishing his truly terrible coffee and tossing the paper cup into a nearby bin before heading to the front desk and picking up the first file.“Steven Rogers?” he calls out to the waiting room.The man stands up with a groan, his face mostly hidden by the wad of paper towels he’s holding to his nose. He’s also wearing a full-on Batman outfit, aside from the mask; the sight would be comical if it wasn’t something Bucky saw nearly every day, especially during the Halloween period.“It’s Steve,” he mumbles.“Okay, Steve, right this way,”Bucky leads him to exam room B, and watches as the blonde man is ushered inside by a redheaded woman dressed in a Supergirl outfit, who’s muttering something incoherent under her breath.“So, what happened here?” he asks.“There was an incident,” he says, in a decisive tone of voice. Or, as decisive as one can sound when one’s nasal passages are mostly blocked.The redhead snorts. “He punched a guy,” she supplies helpfully.“Nat!” Steve cries out. “He groped you!”“No, he tried  to grope me. I took care of it.”Steve glares at her for a long moment.Bucky glances between them, growing even more amused as he watches the interactions.“Right,” he says, putting the file aside to do a quick check of the man’s nose, taking the paper towels away and tossing them in the bin. Luckily, the bleeding has stopped at this point, so he chucks them away and gets to cleaning up the guy’s face, all the while trying to not be distracted by the curious blue eyes that are fixated on his face, the perfect pout of those pink lips, the sharp jawline and cheekbones and  holy shit, get a fucking grip, Barnes! Bucky clears his throat and looks away, after a brief moment of eye contact which really shouldn’t be as intense as it is. The redhead – Nat – meets his eye and smirks at him, and he panics momentarily, hoping that she’s not Steve’s girlfriend and he did not just get caught checking out her man. Appearance-wise, she’s slim and of average height, and doesn’t seem very physically threatening, much like Steve. But something about the look in her eyes intimidates him, unlike Steve, who just seems perpetually annoyed at everything.Bucky swallows hard, pretending to be reading the file once again before he goes to examine Steve’s nose, which thankfully doesn’t take that long, and he can step back a little. “Well, it doesn’t seem broken, maybe just a little bruised,” he says finally. There’s no swelling, but there’s a crook at the front of it, which looks like it’s from an old injury. “Has this always been here?” he asks just to make sure, tapping him on the nose lightly.“Yes,” Steve says, now scowling slightly. “This isn’t my first rodeo,”“I’ll say,”“Nat, for the love of-”“No, Rogers, you don’t get to ‘Nat-for-the-love-of-god’ me. You owe me an apology cake for making me drag your ass down to the ER and missing out on the party.”Steve simply rolls his eyes at her, but his shoulders hunch a little, admitting defeat.Bucky chuckles, amused at the interaction. “So, real hero type, are we?” he says, eyeing his costume with a slight smirk curving his lips.“Sure, if that’s something you might be into,” Steve replies with a cheeky smirk of his own, eyes shining.Well,  shit. Okay.Definitely not taken then, not if Nat’s snickering, covered by a fake cough is any indication.Bucky purses his lips together to keep himself from smiling. “Not my cup of tea, to be honest,”“Hmm,” Steve’s grin widens. “Are you more into the bad-boy types then?”
 What a sassy little shit. 
Bucky shakes his head and picks up Steve’s file instead. Sure, it might be harmless, but flirting with patients is unprofessional, and he’s not sure he can actually say “Sorry, I’m not interested” and sound convincing. He’d never been that good of a liar.So instead, he goes through a series of questions asking Steve about whether he’s dizzy and if he sustained injury to his head, all of which Steve answers with an air of ‘yes I’m fine can you just hurry up so I can get back to flirting with you some more’.“Well, I think you’re good then,” Bucky makes some notes in Steve’s file before he tucks his pen in the elastic of his ponytail, which is the only method he’s found of not losing it. “Take paracetamol for any pain, not ibuprofen or aspirin. Try not to blow your nose, or, you know, get into any more fist fights while it heals.”“Yeah, yeah, got it,” Steve sighs impatiently.Bucky nods at him, and opens the door, allowing the patient and his friend to walk out. They wish him a goodnight and start walking towards the main entrance, chattering in quiet tones as they do.“What’re you smiling about, Dopey?” Sharon asks, nudging him with her elbow, and Bucky realises he’s been staring at the retreating pair, probably looking like a fucking moron.“Nothing,” he mumbles, clea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Doctors & Physicians
Nurses & Nursing
Nurses
Hospitals
Nurse Bucky
Fluff and Humor
Fluff
First Meetings
Meet-Cute
sorta - Freeform
Minor Injuries
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Slow Build
Kinda?
Slow Romance
Getting Together
Marriage Proposal

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

