Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 The office door was closed. 
It took everything Clint had to open it, but it had to be done.
No, that was a lie—he could disappear without a word, without a trace.  It would be easier for . . . for a lot of people if he did.  Maybe even himself.
But the easy way had never been his style.
Clint opened the door, walked quietly to the desk, and waited as Phil finished jotting a note or two onto a report.
To anyone else, Phil would have seemed his perfectly groomed, unruffled self.  But Clint knew the lines around the blue eyes meant the other man hadn't been sleeping well and his rigid posture meant his back was giving him grief.
He opened his mouth, then closed it.  Even if Phil—Coulson—wouldn't automatically brush off Clint's concern, it wasn't his place anymore.
No, that wasn't right. 
It never had been.
He managed to get his expression under control as Ph—Coulson looked up.
"Barton?"  He set down his pen without retracting the point—a rare nervous tell.
Clint understood.  It had been three days since Clint had been confronted with proof that he couldn't possibly deny, ignore, or explain away.  The aftermath hadn't been pretty.
"Sir."  Clint handed him the packet and stood at attention. Just another mission, he reminded himself.  Just another sit-rep.
Coulson opened his mouth, clearly thought better of it, and opened the folder.  “What’s this?” he asked, frowning as he paged through the carefully completed forms.
"Your copy of my resignation, sir.  It includes all the non-disclosure agreements and mission reassignments, vacation reimbursement, and civilian insurance forms.   You’ll also find a notice about appointing Natasha as my medical proxy, next-of-kin, and sole beneficiary—I wouldn’t want to make you uncomfortable if I don’t live to cash my IRA.  It’s been approved by Personnel and cc'd to Fury and Hill. Woo completed my exit interview, but since you're still on record as my handler, I thought it was only right to deliver your  preferred hard copy in person.”
He took a breath to deliver his exit line—It's been an honor working with you.
But Coulson was shaking his head, his expression grim.  “You can’t leave."
Hope flared under Clint’s ribcage, only to die when he heard the next sentence. 
"The Avengers need you.”
Luckily, Clint had prepped an answer for that.  “Agent Bishop will be taking my place.  She’s almost as good as I am and she won’t throw Captain America off his game.”
“You don’t have to—“
“The Avengers need him more than they need me.”  He forced a smile.  “Lot of that going around.”
Coulson actually flinched.  “SHIELD needs operatives with your skills," he said.  "I won’t—“
“I can’t stay,” Clint interrupted, not wanting to hear Phil's—Coulson's, damn it—plans to avoid him.  “There aren't many agents who trust me after Loki turned me inside out, and I don't blame them.  I'm not sure I trust me," he added, before he thought.    It was a habit, telling Coulson things.
"The nightmares are back?" Coulson asked, with that touch of concern that had always helped center Clint, anchor him.
Now, it was too little, too late. 
Because if Coulson had actually cared, he wouldn't have had to ask.
But Clint didn't want to get into that.  He wanted to be done and gone.  "Even if they're willing to forgive and forget," he said, more sharply than he wanted.  "I'm not."
Coulson went still.
Clint sighed.  He hadn't meant the phrase to have a double meaning, but he was off-script now, anyway.  He waited for whatever came next. 
Coulson hesitated, then closed the folder and lined it up precisely in front of him.  “If this is what you want," he said, in his Calm Agent Interrogation Voice.
He knew better than to react to that tactic—he'd been trained not to react to it, for God's sake—but he wasn't an agent any more, and Coulson apparently wasn't inclined to accept a bloodless victory and allow Clint a semi-graceful exit, so the hell with it.
“It’s not," he said.  "It’s not what I wanted.  I wanted . . .”   He shrugged and pulled out the velvet-covered box he'd shoved into his jacket pocket at the last minute.  Leaving it behind had felt . . . wrong.  And he hadn't wanted the others—especially Stark or, God help him, Natasha—to find it.
“I jump into stuff,” he said.  “Leap first, think later.  And I’ve always seen things better from a distance.  Guess I don't have to tell you that.”
Phil stared at the box as Clint fiddled with it.
“So when you wanted to keep us on the QT, I assumed it was to keep the gossip down, so no one would think I was your weakness or that I was sleeping my way to a level five.   I got too close, too fast to see that the reason you didn't want to tell anyone is that you just weren't that into me.”
He saw Phil swallow.  “That wasn’t the reason,” he said in a hoarse voice.
“Doesn't matter,” Clint said, shrugging.  “I just wish I'd known sooner that we were only, what, co-workers with benefits?  Especially before I'd wasted two month's pay on these."  He opened the b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Infidelity
Cheating
Angst
Prompt Fic
Friendship
one-sided relationships
Unrequited Crush
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Discovery
Love
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers

