Chapter 1: Mission gone wrong
    




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers had known something was wrong before he even started this damn mission. It had been only three months since the Chitauri invasion and mere weeks since Hydra attempted to take over SHIELD, capitalizing on the stress and disorganization of rebuilding New York. With SHIELD in disarray, Steve had been left trying to weed out the good from the chaff, the tentacles of Hydra running through the veins of SHIELD’s history.
However, what troubled him now wasn’t because of the external world... It was because of himself. Very, very few people knew that the great Captain America was a submissive - it was a closely guarded secret that would shock the nation if they found out. Even more than women in the military, people were vehemently against letting subs into the service - what if they got overpowered by a dom? Wouldn’t a sub cause more troop conflicts? - and that was still a slow change. Finding subs in any position more strenuous than a nurse close to the front lines was a rarity, never mind trying to explain how the nation’s largest figurehead for WW2 was a sub fighting on the front lines, leading the world’s most elite squad of soldiers. It helped, in one way, that the serum amplified everything in his body, because now Steve was one of the lowest-ranked subs in the world - meaning that it took a very, very high-ranked dom to send him completely into subspace, to send him high enough to let the jumbled mess of hormones in his brain settle down so he could keep fighting. Peggy - oh god, how he missed her some days - Peggy was the only one, after the serum, who could send him up high enough.
But she was old, now, old and frail and it broke his heart to see the strongest woman - strongest person - he knew so worn down by the life she had lived. She couldn’t dom for him, anymore - it took all her strength just to keep her heart beating in her chest. She forgot him, more often than not when he visited - forgot about their history together, how much they’d meant to each other once upon a time.
So he held his secret close to his chest, and not even the Avengers knew about it - his primary assigned doctor in medical had known and given Steve meds he could take to abate the symptoms of subdrop until he could find a proper dom, but the meds made him more sluggish and so he’d been forced to tell Sam and Natasha before they embarked on this mission of taking out every Hydra base they could find. Sam had gaped for a few seconds before laughing and congratulating him on how successfully he’d hid that for so long. As a switch, Sam could dom or sub as he pleased but couldn’t even come close to the levels of dominance needed to get Steve into subspace, let alone send him high enough to really help.
Natasha... she was a different story. She had taken the news with her usual aplomb - simply nodded and asked if he wanted the info redacted from her report or if she should leave it in and mark it Fury’s eye’s only. He agreed to the second option, and was surprised to find a few days later a new mp3 player on top of his gear, loaded with pre-recorded dom readings he later found out were commonly available online to help subs get to subspace when a dom wasn’t available (and god, technology continued to amaze him everyday). Attached to the mp3 was a note - I don’t dom for many people because that choice was taken from me for too long, but I’m one of the highest-ranked in dominance of the agents in SHIELD that would be able to take you up. When these recordings aren’t enough, I will do what I can to help. -N
Steve had found out, during the war, that he could get by with just any rank dom sending him into subspace every evening as long as Peggy could send him flying all the way up once a week. He thought the same would work now - he could stop taking the meds so he was back at peak levels, and with the recordings every evening he wouldn’t have to impose upon Natasha more than once a week. He’d been disappointed to find out otherwise - even though Natasha was a high-ranked dom, she still wasn’t enough to send him flying high enough for the mess of hormones filling his head to fully abate, and he’d only been able to last a few days before he came back to her, frustrated and apologetic. Steve knew she found no pleasure in sending him to subspace - not that their relationship was sexual, she merely gripped tight to his neck in a show of dominance and draped herself across his back, trying to imbue safety and protection in her hold - but Steve knew that it brought back unpleasant memories and he felt terrible for requiring her to help him so much. The worst part was, she couldn’t quite send him all the way up and so some small part of his head still kept buzzing, and each time she sent him flying in subspace that part got bigger. He’d tried to ignore it, tried to pretend he could still handle it, but it kept getting worse and -
Steve stumbled, righting himself and shaking his head t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
D/s
Dom/sub
BDSM
Sub Steve
Sub Steve Rogers
dom bucky
Dom Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky
Sensory Overload
Subdrop
Blindfolds
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Mildly Dubious Consent
Smut
Shameless Smut
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Metal Arm Kink
Bondage
Rope Bondage
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Subspace
Aftercare
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Prisoner of War
Memory Loss
Identity Porn
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

