Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Darcy didn’t cope well with being a blank, because by the time she started middle school there was no one else at school who had never had a response to the questions they wrote on their skin. 

The summer before she started eighth grade, Darcy learned how to fake someone else’s handwriting on her skin just well enough to stop the teasing at school. She kept it up all through high school, convinced everyone that she had a phantom younger soulmate who lived across the country by writing questions and corresponding answers before she left for school in the morning, or occasionally in bathroom stalls throughout the day.
 
She had no intention of keeping up the farce after she left her small hometown in Georgia for college, although she did tend to wear fairly modest clothing. The less of her skin people could see, the fewer questions they tended to ask.

On her eighteenth birthday, Darcy got her first tattoo: “what’s past is prologue” in minuscule script across the inside of her left wrist.
From then on, she was hooked. 
She had a small wing tattooed behind each ankle bone, and clusters of abstracted flowers around the phrase “have courage and be kind” across her right shoulder-blade. She had a fish riding a bicycle on the outside of her right thigh as a rather tongue-in-cheek tribute to her feminist beliefs (and frankly, to her blank status).

A month into her internship with Jane, she got the Pleiades star cluster tattooed on the inside of her left elbow, and the day after Thor left the planet she added the coordinates of his touchdown in New Mexico just above the stars.

She had more than one tattoo artist give her a strange look for coming in solo to get inked, since soulmates usually agreed on a design and came in together, but she found a great shop in Willowdale during her time at Culver with a blank artist who had done her larger pieces without batting an eye. 
 
Darcy may have been born a blank, but she didn’t have to stay one.
 
***
 
Steve Rogers had grown up a blank in an age when soulmates were sacred—there was no such thing as divorce for soul-marriages, and forming relationships outside a soul bond was definitely frowned upon. 

But Steve had always assumed that he was blank because of his poor health. After all, how would it be fair to his mate to be fated for someone who would most likely die young because of a weak immune system? 

And then came the war, and the serum, and Steve’s prognostication simply shifted. He was going to die in the war, serum or no, and it would have still been unfair to his mate to have him and lose him so soon.
 
(If a little voice inside pointed out how many of the men he served with had been blessed with mates anyways, that was something Steve dealt with at night in the privacy of his own head.)
 
***
 
Phil Coulson honestly had not expected that there could be anything that would surprise him after he got the call that Captain America’s body had been found, that he was being defrosted, and that it seemed he was still living (somehow) after 70 years in the ice. (And all this after dealing with the first alien contact ever, in New Mexico of all places. It had been a long week.)
So Phil was standing up on the catwalk, watching the technicians below and finalizing his reports from New Mexico, waiting for the moment when they finally freed the Captain’s body from the ice. But when the medics cut him out of his uniform (and yes, Phil’s inner history nerd and archivist had cringed at that) to reveal markings on his elbow and wrist, Phil could honestly say that he was surprised. There had been no indication in their records that Captain Rogers had ever got a tattoo. When they turned him onto his side to reveal a (very obviously feminine) tattoo over an entire shoulder blade, Phil had frozen on the spot. 
Captain America was blank. Captain America didn’t have a soulmate.

Until now.

And apparently, she had grown tired of waiting for him.
 
Phil sighed. Nick was going to be a nightmare when he found out about this.
 *** 
Captain Rogers was still in a medically-induced coma when Phil was allowed into his hospital room to take a closer look at the tattoos that had suddenly appeared on his skin. Director Fury had made it abundantly clear that he wanted the identity of the Captain’s suddenly-acquired soulmate ASAP (“I fucking mean it, Phil. I don’t care what you have to do to find her. I don’t care if you have to troll Facebook for the next six fucking months looking at pictures of people’s tattoos, you find her and you check her out and if she’s clean, you get her a security detail. Yesterday.”) Phil had resigned himself to a wild goose chase, to months and months of fruitless searching.

Dr. Cho was still in the room when Phil walked in. “Hey, Agent Coulson. I take it you’re here about the tattoos?”

Phil nodded. “I noticed the ones on his arms and shoulder back in observation
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
tattooed!Darcy
Nick Fury curses a lot
which is why this rated T
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
Canon What Canon?
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Mischief Managed

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

