Work Text:
Clint learned at a very young age three important rules: to always be aware of his surroundings, to always anticipate other people’s mood, and – most importantly – to never ever get noticed. His father was a harsh teacher, and Clint learned quickly. The risk of ending up at the wrong end of his fist otherwise was too high when he was drunk – and even higher when he was in heat. Clint was too young to know what was happening then, and if Barney knew he never said. Yet those few times he did remember – his father dragging his mom into their bedroom for three days and refusing to let her out no matter how much Clint begged from the other side of that door – were seared into his brain forever.His mom’s quiet and resigned compliance was almost as incomprehensible. She was a beta, sweet and very sad, and Clint loved her fiercely. She always tried to smile and put up a good front for him and Barney, almost succeeding when her husband was out of the house. Clint remembered wishing he would go away forever and never come back – he got his wish in the end, but his father took his mother with him.Those hard-learned lessons served him well in foster care, Clint keeping a compulsive eye on the bullies so he would know when to duck. People found him unnerving, that tiny little boy always watching their every move, but Clint didn’t care. He wasn’t like Barney, who tried to charm everyone he met – he was bad at it too, but Clint didn’t laugh because that made Barney mad. Barney was scary when he was mad, too much like their father, and that only got worse when he hit puberty and turned out to be an alpha just like him.That was when everything started to change. Barney was nothing if not predictable – at least to Clint. When his new hormones told him their current home was too small for him, big bad alpha that he was, he didn’t try to use his head to think it through, didn’t consider how it would affect Clint. He just up and left, and Clint followed. What else could he do?He never quite figured out how the circus made any kind of sense in Barney’s mind. It was a nightmare for Clint at first, too many people he didn’t know and whose reactions he couldn’t predict, their surroundings always changing as they moved from town to town. So he watched everything and everyone obsessively for weeks before he finally got some sense of the place, and then he just kept watching. It had become his way of exerting control over his environment by then – over himself too –, and he needed it to cope with a world that didn’t make much sense.He was so relieved when he realised he was a beta. Most kids wanted to be alphas, and some wanted to be omegas, but not Clint – he found the thought of going into heat and becoming a slave to his body’s urges frankly terrifying. Of course he knew by then it wasn’t how it truly went: alphas and omegas were perfectly lucid during their heats, and more than able to make rational decisions – anyone saying they just couldn’t help themselves was a fucking rapist. Still, that biological imperative to mate and procreate was something Clint was grateful he didn’t have.Besides, he had to deal with changes of his own: being a beta was associated with a thankfully limited range of deeply ingrained instincts dating back hundreds of years. In the days when the spike in fertility – and sex drive – associated with alphas’ and omegas’ heats had been necessary for the continuation of the human race, betas had been tasked with making sure things ran smoothly – which had meant obeying their ‘betters’ and protecting potential child bearers. These instincts had thankfully faded over time, just as heats had become less frequent, but they still reared their ugly heads every time Clint interacted with someone who wasn’t a beta. And while it helped him understand his mom better, made him feel closer to her in some way, it also went against everything he held dear. Feeling like he wasn’t fully in control of himself was intolerable – never mind the fact that he didn’t have to obey, just wanting to was unacceptable. Clint knew the reputation betas had – pushovers with little willpower, quick to obey and easy to sway. While it was about as true as saying omegas were always desperate for sex, like many stereotypes it stemmed from some truth, and it wasn’t something Clint wanted for himself. So he fought it every time he felt the urge, all the while keeping up the pretence. It wouldn’t do to get noticed, after all.His brother teased him mercilessly about not being an alpha, but Clint ignored him. Despite everything, Barney had idolised their father, while Clint had always been closer to their mom. He didn’t expect him to understand why he wouldn’t trade places with him for the world.When Barney started learning how to throw knives and use a bow, Clint would go and watch. No one had ever bothered trying to teach him anything – after all, betas weren’t expected to be good enough at anything to be worth the trouble, and there was n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Kink Big Bang 2012
Alpha/Beta
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Getting Together
Backstory
Fix-It
Allegory what allegory
Warnings inside

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

