Chapter 1: Un unexpected visitor
    




Chapter Text
JARVIS was down again. It was not the first time. Twice last week it had happened, and once before that. She knew that Tony was going nuts trying to pinpoint the problem. Something interfered for anything between 20 and 45 minutes at a time, but there was so far no indication what might be causing the issue.The worrisome part was that it always happened when the Avengers were away and she was alone in the tower. Yet, there was no indication of security being breeched or people trying to enter. Nothing at all besides JARVIS going blank for the time it lasted. It had to be a glitch, probably something that would be ridiculously simple once they'd figured it out.She was annoyed at the inconvenience, but not to the point of it becoming a real problem. She'd lived without an A.I. for most of her life; there was no need to suddenly feel disabled because things were back to the old days. The days before she moved here and started honing her powers.She turned around... and the items in her hands dropped to the floor without her even noticing. There was a man standing in the middle of the room, like he had appeared out of nowhere. He was tall and pale with long, black hair and intense eyes. The leather and armour he wore made him even more imposing than the silent, haughty impression his body language conveyed. She didn't need to consult any database to know who this was.
Loki.
She could try to use her ability to open a portal to somewhere else, but that would take time, and he was not going to stand around and wait while she escaped. Running didn't seem to be a very realistic option either. Trying to fight him even less so."What do you want?" she asked instead, voice wary. A smile appeared on his face, a small, unsettling one and he didn't take his eyes of her for a second. He clearly enjoyed her reaction.
"Why, do I need to want something to come here?" he finally said with a teasing voice, eyes glittering with amusement.
She rolled her eyes. Obviously he wanted something, or he wouldn't be here. And he had deliberately chosen a moment when the others were away. This didn't look good.
"Maybe I want you," he said then and she lost her breath for a second.
What?
She would have backed away if the damn desk hadn't been behind her. He took a step in her direction, just one step, and that was more than enough.
"You don't touch me!" she hissed instinctively, not even thinking what was the best course of action in this scenario. His smile just widened.
"Oh, I have no intention to. This time."
Really, you're planning to come back?
And it hit her; the glitches. They were no glitches. He had been here before, making it impossible to detect him while he was... doing what exactly? There had been no hints of sabotage in the tower, which would have been easy enough once he'd found a way to enter undetected. What was he after?"So what do you want this time?" she asked carefully, not taking her eyes of him.
"Just to introduce myself, but I see you already know who I am."
"You're kind of... infamous around here." She couldn't keep the sarcasm out of her voice.
"And you have learned all about me. With great interest, I am sure."
What is that supposed to mean?
"If you tell me what you want I can get out of your way, and you just... do what you're here for.This was a matter of surviving with minimum injury. He could throw people out of windows for fuck's sake. Stab them. Rip their eyeballs out. Not someone you wanted to stand between and whatever his goal was.He only kept watching her with the same amused look on his face. Like he was enjoying to watch her squirm. Or just watch her, period.
"I already told you what I want."The room went still. He seemed serious, but she couldn't fathom what he wanted her for. Her powers? What use were they to him, he probably had way better resources at his fingertips. Magic, and all. And it was not like...
"I will leave this with you," he said, putting a small item down on the edge of her desk, for a moment disturbingly close, then stepping back out of her space again. "Just a small gift."And he was gone, vanishing into thin air. Like a damn cheshire cat, only the smile didn't linger any longer than the rest of him. She thought she felt the slightest brush of air shifting, maybe the sound of footsteps, but they were so quiet she probably imagined it. She was left alone in the empty room with the small object he'd left behind; a wrapped gift in green and gold that she first couldn't make herself touch. Then she reluctantly reached for it, picked it up and opened it.It was a dark green stone, with black stripes swirling in intricate patterns, and right at the core something glimmered. She had held stones and crystals in her hands many times, but this felt different; almost like the stone was alive. Very, very strange. The whole encounter was beyond anything she could make sense of.The infamous Loki of Asgard. Taking a very personal interest in her f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Loki Does What He Wants
Avengers Tower
Swearing
Post-Avengers (2012)
Seduction
Sexual Content
Possessive Loki
POV Third Person
Loki Has Issues
Loki Feels
original MCU Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki/Reader

