Chapter 1: Burn (Prologue)
    




Chapter Text

"...how everything turns away quite leisurely from the disaster; 

the ploughman may have heard the splash, the forsaken cry, 

but for him it was not an important failure; 
and the  expensive delicate ship that must have seen something amazing, 
a boy falling out of the sky, 

had somewhere to get to and sailed calmly on."
W.H. AudenHe had imagined it would be his last act of will in the waking Realms to slide sideways through the void which was real and the void between, then back again somewhere else entirely. It did not matter where he emerged, which stars and darkness consumed him. He travelled at all only so that he would not fall through the ruins of the Bifrost to Jotunheim. Not die there. He had nothing left to want, but he yet did not want, and what he did not want was to suffer the knowledge that Odin's rescue, the whole course of his own life, had made no difference in the manner of his death.And so he fell.Time spun outward as he moved through the influence of many worlds, their gravitation pulling his last instant into ages. Mortal years passed. His grief and rage cooled to a brittle agony. The hopelessness of his love for father, brother, mother, home, grew sharp-edged with certainty. At least that love would not be twisted further, would no longer fuel him forward in recklessness, for he saw now that it could not be mended any more than it could be destroyed. It was almost comforting to know that there had never been anything for him, that he was not passed over as he had so long thought, the injustice of which had so long been working to bring his once-temperate blood to the most violent of boils.His pain had been in how far his reach exceeded his grasp. Being nothing, he'd deserved nothing. They had done only harm in giving him any more.He regretted it. Regretted the very moment his father had held him in warm hands and tried to change what he was.He longed for death and there an end.He was safe from Valhalla, from meeting his family again over feasting and wine at some distant future date beneath those gleaming halls, his last gasps too dishonoured by cowardice to allow him entry to the warrior's paradise. He would never see them again. And though he was yet very young among his people- both his peoples- he felt impossibly ancient under the heavy memory of his last moments with his mother. Her fierce, lovely face white with horror as she watched him cast out his brother with their father's spear.The spear of kingship which was rightfully his, which- equally rightfully- his unclean hands should never have been permitted to touch. The brother who would have should have destroyed him before he could e'er set foot in Asgard, if he had but known the truth. The brother whose love cut more deeply than his hate.He regretted both.Was it the unknowing attempt to be one of them, not realising his nature must be fought, that had lead him to this? Without knowing his strange interests and diplomatic disposition portended more than just an unfashionable, atypical, disappointment of a prince. Was it their suppression of the monster- teaching it to think itself a man, letting it believe itself worthy of that fraternity which naturally would not come- which had turned his mind? Or was it only the infinitely futile desire to be the equal of shining Thor?He knew it was not precisely the original attempt to be what he was not born to be which had consumed him, which had torn worlds, that had only set him high on a precipice, his balance uncertain and the path treacherous. It was the more earnest, desperate, second effort to be what he truly was not which had caused him to fall. Cracks in his patch-work identity had shown throughout his life, but it was in his last violent lunge to be the heir he thought was wanted, his mad scrambling to follow in his father's and his brother's footsteps and therefore prove he also was a true son, that horrors had spilled out. The abandonment of his own temperament to pursue an ideal he could never reach.If he had not tried to be as great a prince as his brother, if he had been content to suit better with lesser company and to never overstep his inglorious talents, might he have lived happily? Might he have never learned the terrible truth of his unbelonging? Had not there been times when he accomplished feats of unquestionable value with the very capacities his brethren scorned, when he was called temperate by his father and it was not the insult but the virtue that was meant? Contentment could come from such things, if one was willing to be satisfied by them. If one abandoned one's ambitions for equality, forgot but both of you were born to be kings.Raised a prince of Asgard for all of his life, could blood be so much stronger than culture? It was not even whispered, but spoken loudly that the blood of Odin once ran thick with that of giants. Whether such a thing could be believed, and what it should mean if it were, was not 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster/Loki
Loki & Thor
Loki & Sif
Jane Foster & Erik Selvig
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Odin (Marvel)

freeform: 
Magic and Science
Character Study
Fix-It
Bifrost building
Slow Burn
Post-Thor (2011)
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
not Avengers compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Romance
Jane Foster Loves Science
POV Jane Foster
Family Issues
Developing Relationship
Fluff and Angst
Identity Porn
Angst
Talking

fandom: 
Jane Foster/Loki
Loki & Thor
Loki & Sif
Jane Foster & Erik Selvig
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Odin (Marvel)

