Work Text:


0Rhodey. Stealing.Natasha. Hitting.Bruce. Hulking.Pepper. Taking.Thor. Booming.Clint. Silencing.Happy. Driving.Fury. Gloating.Coulson. Disapproving.Harry. Loving.Steve.Steve. Betraying.0After Harry's burial, Tony stayed at his grave for the rest of the day and throughout the night. He leaned against the beautiful marble stone, switching between total and complete apathy to bouts of uncontrollable sobbing.The day after it rained, but he didn't move. He was too indifferent to realize his driver and bodyguard, the one who'd replaced Happy, had spent the night waiting for him, leaning against the car. He was now kneeling next to him silently, holding a black umbrella and shading him from the worst of the elements.That man, Roman Parnell, had been working for Tony for two years by now. When Harry had realised Tony didn't have any personal protection he'd immediately began researching, eventually finding Roman and assigned him to Tony.Apart from Harry, Roman was undoubtedly his only friend. And now that Harry was dead? Probably the only one he had left. Because the man Tony loved, who had loved and cherished him back, who'd taken care of him and had offered him everything, was buried six feet under Tony, slowly rotting and getting eaten by putrid and disgusting insects. What would become of Harry's beautiful face?Tony shuddered and it had nothing to do with the cold that had settled into his very bones."Come on, boss," Roman murmured gently as he ran a hand through his damp hair. "Let's go home."Tony didn't have enough strength to tell Roman his home was now decaying in the earth.0Tony had expected the drop in the stock exchange concerning Stark Industries. Everyone waited with bated breath for him to break down and start drinking again.What they didn't expect, however, was for Tony to bury himself in his work and double his production rate in three weeks.0"Hey boss," Roman called, gently kicking the chair where Tony sat, bent over a worktable with his blowtorch in hand. "Ya haven't been out for four days. Let's go on a stroll."Without waiting for Tony to answer, the tall, black man plucked the blowtorch out of Tony's hand and turned it off, before grabbing Tony by the arm and literally dragged him out of the lab. He pushed him towards Tony's room and forced him into the bathroom. While Tony showered, he grabbed a pair of black jeans, a white shirt and a black leather jacket, putting them on the chair next to the bathroom door. He sat at the foot of the bed, leaned back on his elbows and sighed.Tony emerged an hour later, freshly shaven and hair combed back. He dressed slowly, as if every muscle in his body hurt and stood in front of Roman."Sharp," the black man approved. "C'mon, let's go."0They didn't go anywhere specific actually. Roman just drove around, stopping on the side of the road above the hills of Hollywood and they simply sat on the hood of the car, eating strawberries and drinking coca."What should I do, Rome?" Tony asked after a while, gazing at the setting sun with an expressionless face.Roman shrugged. "Keep on, I guess," he answered simply, doing his best not to wince at the sound of Tony's hoarse voice. It was the first time Tony had talked since the funeral."And if I don't want to?" Tony whispered brokenly.Roman closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Then you don't."0Tony spent every Tuesday (the day Harry died) at his grave. He just sat and stared at the engraved words, sometimes talking to Harry, sometimes humming to him and sometimes just in silence.0"Came here to gloat?"Steve was standing behind Tony, several feet away, flowers in his hands. "I would never do something like that," he replied quietly.Tony shrugged. "I wouldn't know," he muttered, "I wonder if I ever did."Steve swallowed around the lump in his throat and took the steps separating him from Tony. He knelt gingerly and put the flowers against the grave stone. "I know you loved him," he said softly, "I wouldn't ridicule his memory by doing something so hurtful to you," he stated calmly.Tony scoffed disbelievingly. "I can't trust you on anything."Steve froze at that, nodding slowly and painfully. "Will you be able to forgive me one day?"Tony's head whirled in his direction so fast, Steve actually flinched. "It is neither the time nor the place to ease your petty conscience," Tony snarled, blue eyes blazing with fury. "You don't have any right to come here and ask me that! Not in front of Harry!" he yelled, standing and walking back to the car where Roman was waiting for him.Steve scrambled after him, his hand on Tony's shoulder turning the shorter man around. "When is the right time then?" he asked desperately. "Do I even stand a chance?"Tony choked back on an angry sob and wrenched himself out of Steve's grip. "You had your chance!" he screamed, his fist lashing out against Steve's chest. "But you blew it! You had me! I loved you so, so much, you bastard! I loved you so much!" He repeated in a broken voice. "But it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other Character/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Grief/Mourning
Original Character Death(s)
Death References
Violence
Mild Gore
Depression
Suicide Attempt
DC comics - Freeform
Marvel Comics - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Other Character/Tony Stark

