Work Text:
Well. There was no way he could deny this any longer, no matter how much he might have wanted to. He had perhaps a day, two at the most, and Pepper was on the other side of the globe.Of course, he didn't have any problem with calling her regardless of the time difference. What he did apparently have a problem with, the part he couldn't help, was getting her to pick up said ill-timed call."Come on, Pepper," he murmured, trying not to fidget. Oh yes, no doubt about it. This much nervous energy when it had been hours since his last cup of coffee was a pretty clear sign.Glaring at his phone as though doing so would get her to respond, he flopped back on the couch in the currently empty living room. It was somewhat unusual for the room to be entirely empty at this time of the day; usually there was at least someone there, Steve with his sketchbook or Clint watching TV or just someone spending a little spare time and not necessarily minding company. Right now, though, he was the only one around, which was probably for the better because he really needed to talk with Pepper.Finally her voice came through, sounding sleepy and somewhat annoyed. "Tony? This had better be damn important. Do you have any idea what time it is?""Half past four in the morning," he answered easily. "Look, something came up. Something pretty big." Or, rather, something pretty big was about to come up."Unless it's threatening to level at least half the city, I don't want to know." He knew that tone. She was about to cut the call, and he couldn't have that. Not now, not when he really, really needed to talk to her."Pepper, wait! I wouldn't call you at this time just for a joke," he hissed. "I need you. Like, seriously. I need you to come here as soon as possible.""Tony?" Pepper frowned, he could hear that in her voice. "You're not going to die again, are you?""What? No!" Honestly. He was never going to live that down, was he? Not unless he actually died. "I just… you need to come home.""Unless you give me a damn good reason as to why, I'm going to hang up on you in five seconds." No joking around. Sleepy Pepper was scary Pepper."I think my heat's coming up."Apparently that rated at least somewhere on the "damn good" scale, as five seconds passed and the line was still live. As Pepper finally spoke, after quite a bit of a pause, her tone was flat. "What.""I said, I think my heat's coming up." Tony drew a deep breath. "No, not just think, I know. I've been feeling weird for a while, and I started monitoring my body temperature, and it's definitely coming. I think I still have tomorrow for a buffer zone, but after that the bets are off.""You know as well as I do that you're not due for almost another month.""Yes, I know. Which is why you'll have to excuse me for kind of freaking out here. Now, will you come home or not?""Tony, I can't." There was tension creeping into her voice, and he wasn't sure if it was because of the subject or the sleepiness. "I'll be stuck here for at least another week, you know that.""But I need you here!" Why couldn't she be logical about this? "You can handle those negotiations at any time, but my body's not going to wait!""We specifically planned my business trips so that none of them would conflict with your scheduled heat. I can't just suddenly throw everything around and be inaccessible for several days just because your body's decided to misbehave. Can't you just get on suppressants or something?""And instead spend a few days throwing up with a fever? Yeah, don't think so. And Rhodey's off somewhere and I've no idea when he's going to be around again.""Well, I'm not going to be able to be there to help you, either." She actually sounded a bit sympathetic right now. "As I recall, you've got alphas running around the place nowadays. Why can't you ask one of them to help you out? Not like they're going to say no.""Thor's not here, nor is he planning to come around until next month," Tony sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "Phil's bonded, Bruce's a beta, and I'll be damned if I ask Steve fucking Rogers to tide me over. Besides, I can't trust any of them. Not like I can trust you." He couldn't trust anyone like Pepper."Tony, I'm sorry, but I really can't get there in time. You'll just have to get through it somehow without me. I tried to plan my schedule around it, but this is just impossible to adjust to all of a sudden.""Right. Be that way," he muttered dejectedly. "I'll just take care of myself, then. Your fault that this is going to be my most miserable heat in ages." Never mind all the alpha scents drifting through the place. He was sure he could still smell Thor, even, and the guy hadn't even been around in two weeks."I'm sorry. I'll call you at some point if that'll help." Hopefully not at half past four in revenge. He was pretty desperate, she couldn't possibly blame him for not waiting. "Oh, and when it's over, go see a doctor. It's probably best to check there's nothing going on with your horm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Mildly Dubious Consent
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Past Natasha Romanov/Steve Rogers
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Past James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Anal Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship

