Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Erik is making his way quietly down the passageway to the dragon’s lair when he hears the faintest noise.Erik whirls, his sword raised --And barely manages to keep from skewering the boy standing not two feet away.  Erik has always heard dragons take maidens as captives, but he can see why a dragon would make a mistake -- or possibly an exception -- in this case. The boy -- young man, really -- is utterly gorgeous, all pale milky skin and red lips and blue eyes. Erik would take a moment to stare, if he didn’t have immediate pressing business.He’s also utterly naked, so Erik shrugs off his cloak and hands it to the boy, who stares at it and makes no move to take it.“Here, go on, put this on,” says Erik quietly and urgently, draping the cloak around the boy.  “And stay close. It’s dangerous in here.”“Is it?” the boy asks, tilting his head.Erik struggles to remain patient, but gods bless, this sacrifice had clearly not been chosen for his mind. He turns to look down the passageway, to see if there’s any sign of the dragon noticing their approach.“Boy, I promise to slay the dragon and rescue you, but right now I need you to stay close, be quiet, and not distract me.”“Will you now.”Something about the tone makes Erik turn, and look back at the boy. And he’s caught by those blue, blue eyes, endless, dark, deep --
blue eyes

blue
Erik blinks.He sheathes his sword, and unbuckles his swordbelt. Drops it. He needs no weapons here. He unbuckles his breastplate, and casts it aside, then strips off his tunic. Boots and trousers are next, until he stands nude.Erik holds himself perfectly still, feet shoulder width apart, wrists crossed at the small of his back, and waits for inspection.His lord runs his eyes over Erik’s form, coolly appraising, carefully scrutinizing every inch. He gestures for Erik to rotate and Erik complies. When Erik is finished, the other man cups Erik’s soft cock, testing its weight and heft. “What is your name?” he asks.“Erik, my lord,” Erik murmurs placidly.When he is finished with his examination, he turns and walks down the passageway, leaving Erik to follow him. The passageway twists and turns several times before they exit into a large chamber, absolutely filled with piles of gold and gems and other treasure.He settles himself onto a pile of gold, and writhes sinously until he’s made himself a comfortable seat.  Erik waits until he’s settled, and then lowers himself to his knees and begins sucking his lord’s cock.He doesn’t make a sound the entire time Erik sucks him, but the soft cock slowly grows harder in Erik’s mouth. Erik pulls back until just the crown is in his mouth, and runs his tongue along the slit, swirls it around the head. He slowly works the cock inch by inch into his mouth, and down his throat, until Erik’s nose is being tickled by soft curls.Erik feels a hand come down and start lazily carding through his hair, and he hums contentedly around the cock in his mouth.He slowly repeats the process, working his way back down the cock, and then up again, taking the time to savor the clean, musky taste, the weight and feel of it in his mouth.All too soon the hand grips his hair and pulls him off, and Erik is saddened by the loss. He sits back on his heels and waits for new instructions.Erik catches the small pot lazily tossed at him. “Prep yourself.” Erik complies, using the oil in the pot and scissoring his fingers to open himself up, swiftly and efficiently. When he’s done, he straddles strong thick thighs and lowers himself down onto his lord’s cock.Erik stares into those blue, blue eyes as he rides the cock in his ass, and feels like he’s falling forever.Erik blinks. He’s crouched between spread thighs as he slicks up his cock. He feels a trickle of semen slide down the back of his thigh as he lines up his cock and thrusts into a tight, hot channel. Blue eyes beguile him again as he thrusts mindlessly, more semen trickling out of his hole with each snap of his hips.The moment stretches out, timeless, endless, eternal. Nothing exists for Erik but to serve, and give pleasure. He leans down and sucks on a rosy red nipple, and brings his hand between them to stroke his lord’s cock.  Erik stills when his lord stiffens and comes, hot seed spilling all over their bellies. A foot presses against his shoulder, pushing Erik back until his cock pulls out. Erik collapses and slides down the gold, falling in a heap on the cavern floor.“Mmmmmm,” says his lord, stretching languidly. “You’re quite skilled, Erik. I’m going to keep you.” At that, Erik shudders, spilling his own release onto the cavern floor. He looks up, to see his lord staring at him with half-lidded eyes.Erik smiles as he stares deeply into endless blue bliss, and drowns.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Moira MacTaggert/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Mind Control
Creepy
Non Consensual
Service Top
Somnophilia
Oral Sex
Fisting
Objectification
Tails
Begging
Facials
Object Insertion
Double Penetration
Bathing
Fantasizing
Foot Fetish
Interspecies Sex
Marathon Sex
Crying
Mpreg
Pregnant Sex
Impregnation
Lactation Kink
Verbal Humiliation
top!Charles
Bottom!Erik
AU of an AU
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Erik Lehnsherr/Moira MacTaggert/Charles Xavier

