Work Text:
Everything had gone to hell.And yeah, Matt wasn't above admitting that.Normally team ups with the Avengers went relatively smoothly, Steve's leadership combined with their collective experience making for an easy fight.But not this time. This time it was the perfect storm of everything going wrong, because everything that could go wrong, did. Tony had been torn from his suit, the arc reactor nearly yanked from his chest in the process. He was doing okay, but only because Natasha had been nearby enough to hold wires together. Honestly, he couldn't believe Tony still had actual wires in his chest. Matt thought that would have all been done without wires, or something. He didn't know how it worked.But Natasha was still holding wires together, and would be until Tony could get back to his lab and solder things together. (And Matt still couldn't believe that. Really? Inside his body?) But they were both out. Matt still didn't have any clue what exactly it was they were fighting, other than that it was out of control. Tony had theorized it was a limited AI with a robotic body that had gotten out of control and was throwing a temper tantrum. The worst part was that it kept demonstrating new and yet unrepeatable powers. It had pulled Tony out of his suit with a sudden magnetic force that had nearly pulled Matt's billy clubs from his hands. (He'd have to make a note to Melvin to remove all metal from them, just in case.) Before that it had created high speeds winds that had impressed even Thor, thrown a giant rock at Hulk, who was thoroughly unimpressed, and nearly frozen Clint to the roof he was perched on.But it didn't seem able to repeat any of the abilities, instead cycling on to new and completely different superpowers. There's a sudden shift in the air then the smell of ozone, nearly overpowering, and another shift in the air as everything becomes electrified. Clint swears over the coms, and the crack of thunder follows almost instantaneously.Lightning? But Matt's never witnessed Thor do something as powerful, and certainly not without warning them.“Guys, I can't see. I looked at the flash.”Steve swears. “Flash blindness. Okay, stay put. It should wear off, but we can't have you getting hurt in the meantime. Keep your head down.”Clint mutters something that no one but Matt can make out.“Blind and deaf? Just my luck.”Matt snickers.He can practically feel the disapproving look Steve sends him, so he changes the subject.“So, how are we going to stop this thing?” Matt asks.“EMP,” Tony mutters.Matt can hear Nat mutter something in Russian at him that he assumes is not repeatable.“I don't think it's shielded against them.”“You didn't think to mention this, oh, five different superpowers ago?”Tony huffs and Natasha swears at him again, but this time in English. “Stop moving.”“I was a little busy then,” Tony adds, more subdued this time. “But yeah. EMP. Should do it.”“Who has an EMP?” Steve asks, ever efficient.“Clint's electric arrows...”“Can't be shot by him right now.”“And no one else can use my bow,” Clint mutters.“Not Clint,” Tony amends. “Natasha's-”“Hands are holding your heart together,” she interrupts. “I have my widow bites, but I can't get to it to use them, and while someone else could come get one from me, I don't think they'd be able to get close enough to use them without getting hurt.”“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Steve tells her. “Thor? Could you blast it with lightning?”“He's stolen all of the electrons from the air,” Thor booms, sounding both impressed and furious. “I cannot call lightning.”“Is that even possible?” Tony muses.“Well that's out then,” Natasha mutters.Matt's stuck on pondering how exactly lightning works, but agrees it's probably just not going to be doable. “What about the suit Tony?” Steve asks, breathless as he fights off a pair of mind controlled civilians. Matt has no clue what's going down with the thing's current powers, but he's thankful that so far nothing has been repeated. There are only two civilians mind controlled, and he's sure it's moved onto spraying water. At least he hopes it's water.Steve continues. “Can Jarvis pilot it and shoot an EMP?”“No,” Tony replies. “This suit isn't set up for complete remote control. It's a new mark.”Hulk roars in the distant and Matt feels the distant heat of a fire.“What can we do then?” he asks desperately, able to smell the Hulk's flesh burning. Bruce wouldn't be hurt, but he would be angry about it, even if he didn't remember why.“You could fit in the suit,” Tony says.“Me?” Matt asks, wondering if Tony's concussed or otherwise injured to the point where he would forget that Matt was blind and had also never been in one of Tony's suits. How was he expected to fly it and shoot an EMP at an angry robot?“You're close enough to me in size that you'll fit. Steve sure as hell won't, same with Thor. Bruce, maybe, but we don't have the time to wait for him to chill. So, it's you. Jarvis, override code delta alpha romeo echo del
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Friendship
Humor
Team Dynamics
Hurt/Comfort
Blind Character
Team Up
ambiguous villain of the week

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

