Work Text:
Really, he should’ve known.
 
Teddy should’ve known that it had been too good to last.
 
“Professor Barnes is the best thing to ever happen to me,” he’d declared solemnly to Billy not two semesters ago. “And I’m going to take all the classes he ever teaches because he’s the best thing to ever happen to me.”
 
And now he was eating his fucking words.
 
“Teddy. Teddy. Yo,” America waved a hand in front of his face. “What’s up? You were spacing out.”
 
Teddy blinked once, then shook his head a little bit. “I’m fine,” he said very unconvincingly.
 
America shot him a dubious look. “You’re gonna want to work on your poker face, chico.”
 
How could he find the time to work on his goddamn poker face when he’d just found out his favorite professor was apparently making out with Captain America in his free time?
 
Professor Barnes. Made out. With Captain America.
 
It was almost too much to process.
 
So, Teddy was reverting to simply not saying anything at all. There was no way he was gonna be the one to accidentally blurt to someone important, “Oh, hey, by the way, Captain America is having a gay thing with a kickass amputee history professor.” He was not gonna be the weak link in this scenario.
 
“Whose turn is it to buy coffee?” America asked as they approached their go-to embarrassingly hipster coffee place.
 
“I’ll get it,” Teddy said, feeling kind of distant. How was he supposed to concentrate on anything anymore? This was information that could be grounds for another Cold War or some shit.
 
Cold War II.
 
That was kinda a catchy name.
 
America let him stew in his misery for a while because she was a good friend like that. She understood when Teddy wanted to be miserable rather than cheered up.
 
She didn’t press for information, which was another reason why she was an excellent person.
 
Unfortunately, the peace did not last for long.
 
Kate came into the shop and collapsed into her seat with a huff, immediately throwing her bag on the floor and throwing her legs onto America’s lap. “Ugh,” she said, very loudly.
 
“Hey, princess,” America said with those heart eyes she insisted she didn’t get every time she looked at Kate.
 
“Hey, honey,” Kate sighed, rubbing her temples.
 
“How was home ec?”
 
“Well, I’m definitely not chef material.”
 
America laughed, circling her fingers around Kate’s ankle. “I could’ve told you that.”
 
Kate scowled. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
 
America winked, and Kate glared at her half-heartedly. “How bad was it today?” America asked, more serious.
 
Kate sighed. “I blew up the stove.”
 
Teddy couldn’t smother his snort of amusement, and America’s lips twitched. “Of course you did.”
 
“I went to LA once,” Kate complained. “By myself. I helped people and shit. As an adult.”
 
“You didn’t live on your own, though. Didn’t those two guys basically adopt you?”
 
“Yeah,” Kate admitted reluctantly, and it was such a worn argument that Teddy relaxed a little bit.
 
America leaned forward to kiss her on the cheek, and Kate smiled a little bit.
 
She finally seemed to notice Teddy, blinking a little bit to herself. “Oh. Hey. How was your history class thing?”
 
Fuck.
 
Teddy blinked a few times. “What?” he said inelegantly.
 
Kate grinned. “I know Barnes is hot as fuck, but you have a boyfriend. You can’t space out during class. That’s gross.”
 
“Ew, Kate,” Teddy whined. “I literally only ever think about Billy like that. Oh my god, you’re so disgusting.”
 
“There’s actually nothing disgusting about sexual fantasies,” Kate pointed out.
 
“Teddy’s just vanilla and blinded by his Billy-tinted glasses. Leave him be,” America said.
 
Teddy blushed furiously.
 
“Anyway, how was your history shit?” Kate said.
 
“I heard that Barnes somehow got Captain America to come talk to his class,” America said, scrolling through her phone. “Wonder what kind of connections he has.”
 
Kate’s eyes darted away for a moment, and she swallowed kind of uneasily, but Teddy didn’t pay it much attention, too busy with his own internal crisis. “Yeah, I saw him,” he said faintly.
 
“Captain America?” America said dubiously.
 
Teddy nodded very slowly.
 
“Cool. Is that what has you all weird?”
 
“I- no- I mean-“
 
“Don’t hurt yourself,” Kate finally broke back in with a slightly strained smile.
 
Billy, Tommy, and David walked into the coffee shop like three beautiful life lines cutting off this line of damning conversation.
 
Billy smiled brightly at Teddy and sunk into the chair next to him. “Hey. How was history?”
 
Teddy couldn’t help his own blinding smile as he grabbed Billy’s hand. “Good. How was physics?”
 
“Good.”
 
“Gross,” Tommy coughed, even as he practically hung off David’s shoulder. What a fucking hypocrite. David caught his gaze and they shared an ironic eye roll. Tommy didn’t notice and flung himself dramatically into the seat next to Kate. “You would not believe my morning.”
 
David scoffed and sat next to Teddy, which would’ve been weird a year ago, but they were okay now, and Billy didn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
Kate Bishop/America Chavez

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - College/University
Modern Bucky
Amputee Bucky Barnes
History Professor Bucky Barnes
Cap Steve
Teddy is Awful at Secrets
The No Homo Vibes are Strong with This One
Just BROS Bein DUDES
the media - Freeform
Interventions
Poor Teddy
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
Kate Bishop/America Chavez

