Work Text:

The Core
  



The Avengers

Some called them superheroes – and at that point Tony Stark often found himself looking in the mirror.

Some called them legends, which was all the reason in the world to look at Steve Rogers, whether he was or wasn’t in his Captain America suit, carrying his shield and oozing all that was good and just in the world.

Some even called them gods – which wasn’t that far-fetched after witnessing Thor on his best days when he lived up to every single tale ever associated with his name.

And then there were some who called them monsters and while Tony didn’t want to, he kept thinking of the Hulk – although at the forefront of his mind he always recalled Bruce Banner, a man who didn’t deserve the curse of the beast inside him but Tony was convinced that one of these days the beast and the man would meet half-way and it would be amazing. He fully intended to be there that day, to witness that moment.

What Tony called them, however, was more complicated than one word – mostly because they were all incredibly different people from fucked up backgrounds and most times those differences worked as the adhesive that kept them all together. There were occasions, however, when something more was needed; when they were falling apart at the seams and if Tony wasn’t the first one walking or flying out of the room then something was wrong.

But he always came back, hoping that would be the case with the rest of them, too – even if he had to go the extra mile to make that happen…


The call came late at night, which usually meant trouble in some shape or form. Tony rolled over in bed, moaning. There was no phone vibrating against the nightstand, but the familiar sound J.A.R.V.I.S. played jarred his brain just as much out of much-needed sleep. “Who is it?” Tony asked, voice rough.

He had actually been enjoying uninterrupted sleep for a change, without a whisper of nightmare in sight. It couldn’t have been more than four hours since he got back from a mission in the Middle East, trying once again to calm down the increasing hostilities in the area. After spending almost three days straight in his suit, it had been a relief to get out of it, go to the bathroom, eat actual food and then pass out in his bed.

“Director Fury, sir. He says it’s extremely urgent,” his AI notified him with a voice that was equally pleasant and annoying. One of the reasons Tony had first selected it, although J.A.R.V.I.S. had honed it to perfection over the years.

 “Was he crying?” Tony asked, pushing a hand across his face, trying to wake up.

“No, sir, don’t believe he was.”

That was good; not that he had ever seen Fury cry or knew the man to be capable of such emotional release, but when the day came that the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. cried to him over the phone… that would be the day when Tony refused to pick up since he was incapable and unqualified to take care of whatever needed to be done.

He sat up in bed, trying to look more awake, then nodded. “Okay, connect him.”

“Stark,” Fury started at once. “We have a situation.”

 “Can’t someone else take care of it?” Tony started complaining. “In case you didn’t know – and I know you do know fully well – I just got back from –”

“The Avengers have been captured,” Fury rudely interrupted him.

 “What?” Tony blinked dumbly. “I’m here. I’m not…” His brain tried to find another gear. “Which of the Avengers?” he asked, dreading the answer. Natasha Romanoff and Clint Barton – Black Widow and Hawkeye – had been on a secret S.H.I.E.L.D. mission for weeks now and were unlikely to return anytime soon by the sound of it.

“Rogers, Banner and Thor.”

Tony just sat there, ready to fall back on the bed and go to sleep because it was likely this was a dream. “Seriously?”

“Don’t I sound serious enough?” Fury demanded.

He did. “How the hell did someone accomplish that? Were they taken at the same time? Who has them?” Tony was already getting up out of bed, calculating in his head what he would need to shoot into his body to stay awake until this was over.

“We’re not certain who has them. They were sent out to investigate a possible Hydra sighting while you were taking care of business in the Middle East. We’re not certain whether it’s actually Hydra who has them.”

 “Have there been demands?” Tony asked, pulling on a fresh undersuit. He tapped a screen on the wall and saw J.A.R.V.I.S. was already preparing the armor; so much for airing it out and doing a few updates he had thought of while out there.

“None yet.”

Tony wasn’t certain whether he was glad that was the case; he could only imagine what kind of ransom someone would ask for three superheroes.


Tony wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry when the actual ransom demands arrived. They were fairly simple although a few rules were stressed carefully: they wanted Tony to come alone to a pre-disclosed location, alone and without his suit or any kind of back up.

 “What is this, a ‘Collect All Avengers’ game?” Tony asked, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/J.A.R.V.I.S./Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
brief Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Big Bang Challenge
Bondage
Restraints
Object Insertion
Sounding
Masturbation
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Cock Worship
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Barebacking
Anal Sex
BDSM
Oral Fixation
Conditioning
Electricity
Fingering
First Time
Foreplay
Frottage
Fucking Machines
Hand Jobs
Nipple Play
Multiple Orgasms
bottom!tony
Rimming
Clothed Sex
Shower Sex
Rough Sex
Body Worship
No Safeword
mild dubcon
questionable aftercare

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/J.A.R.V.I.S./Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
brief Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

