Chapter 1: Clint and Bruce
    




Chapter Text


Cuts and Bruises

 
Sticks and stones may break my bones, 

but words can also hurt me. 

Stones and sticks break only skin, 

while words are ghosts that haunt me. 

 

Slant and curved the word-swords fall

 to pierce and stick inside me. 

Bats and bricks may ache through bones, 

but words can mortify me.

 

Pain from words has left its scar 

On mind and heart that’s tender. 

Cuts and bruises now have healed; 

it’s words that I remember.  
By Barrie Wade 
1
They are all tired as they head back from the training exercise. Personally, Clint would have preferred to have showered and changed out of his heavy combat gear at HQ, but it wasn’t like that was an option for Stark, not unless he wanted to leave his armour there which is about as likely as Nat opening a nail parlour, and Steve is attached to his shield like a toddler with a blankie, so somehow they had ended up walking back in full gear. He and Stark are bringing up the rear, grumbling complaints at one another. Clint about the ease of sorting this all out at HQ instead of traipsing back in the hot sun and attracting any number of weird looks like they’re the four most dedicated cos-players ever, and Stark about he should have called a limo to take them all back.Steve and Nat are out ahead. Ignoring them. Because they don’t get tired, or hot, or annoyed with camera phones clicking at them. Clint mutters something very uncomplimentary and kicks a rock. Stark looks like he might be about to smile and then swallows it down, shooting an uneasy look at Steve’s back, like he might have been caught about to say something not exactly nice, and at once the happy endorphin buzz that Clint is currently riding, the one making even the complaints funny, and the walk irritating instead of torturous on sore muscles and twitchy nerves twanging with this much attention, fades away. They’re not exactly the perfect team America thinks they are.It’s obvious in the little things, the utter blankness behind Stark’s eyes for one as he tosses off complaints and insults out of reflex with no heart behind them, a mere imitation of his ever sarcastic self. “So,” Clint says in a conspiratorial whisper, leaning slightly closer to Stark and trying, again, to draw him in, “who do you think has the better ass, Tash or the Cap?” He knows Natasha hears him because she flicks her hair like she’s dislodging a particularly annoying fly and shimmies her hips. He gives Stark an easy smile as he waits for a response.Stark looks for a second like he’s under attack. His eyes flick down to the helmet he’s carrying like he wishes he were wearing it and Clint immediately realises that he’s an idiot. Stark has no reason to believe that any answer he could give to this question will go well for him, but before he can open his mouth to take it back, Stark is smirking and pulling out a little in front of Clint himself. “Please, like either of them can compete with me. My ass is the best in this little group.”Clint has to admire his abilities at deflection. He knows what Stark is doing and he still can’t stop himself from saying, “Oh yeah. Says who?”“People magazine,” Stark smirks. “They love me.”“You’re a jackass Stark,” he replies, but his words are as empty as Stark’s own now, smile slightly too fixed as he wishes, not for the first time, that he could unsay everything that he previously said to the man and go back to the beginning.As he has every time he has been directly insulted, Stark falters slightly, subtly checking him for sincerity. He’s good at it, practiced, but obvious to Clint’s experienced eye and he curses himself again. This isn’t new behaviour. He must have been doing this before. That he didn’t notice is possibly more disturbing than the blue tinged memories he has from his time as Loki’s thrall, at least those actions aren’t his fault.Natasha, clearly sensing his utter ineptitude turns, and Clint can’t help the bright was of relief. She’s so much better with people, and has at least never been actively cruel to Stark. But, as they approach the tower, Stark’s gaze has already slid past her, locking un-erringly on to something else. Like any well trained soldier, Clint’s own gaze follows Stark’s. He’s used to taking non-verbal cues from other people in a unit, and anything that can render Stark so still and focussed has the potential to be a threat.It’s a figure. Too broad and muscular to be Loki despite the dark hair and, after only a second, Clint is able to make out Doctor Banner’s small, welcoming smile and uncertain stance.Stark is beaming unrestrainedly, but he doesn’t bounce out front. Clint hopes that’s because he’s too tired and nothing more sinister.Banner has seen them now too. He can hardly miss them. They look like a dirty, tired, circus troupe, and Clint would know. He walks forward to meet them himself. Steve greets him with a smile and a head nod, Nat takes a fractional step away from him which she masks with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Avengers ensemble friendship
Clint/Natasha

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
emotion hurt/comfort
Pre-Slash
I'm still not disclosing the pairing
Coulson is Awesome
don't make Pepper angry
you won't like her when she's angry
guilty!Steve
aftermath of unintentional bullying
Angst

fandom: 
Avengers ensemble friendship
Clint/Natasha

