Chapter 1



Summary:

Tony runs away, finds a home, makes some friends.





Chapter Text
A heart that's full up like a landfill A job that slowly kills you Bruises that won't heal  You look so tired and unhappy Bring down the government They don't, they don't speak for usTony smokes in the back of the bus with his feet up on the next row of chairs, longing and listless and vaguely lonely, numbness sloshing up the sides of his skull, buzzing down the separate vertebrae of his spine. He leans against the grime slicked window and watches the streets go past in slow, empty gulps, the skyline fading out under fog, an off colour sickened moon as a lopsided glimpse beyond violet clouds. Apart from the driver, he is the only one on the bus and a distinct feeling of unreality coagulates as they drive on.He drops the cigarette butt. Grinds it out. Lights another. Two deep pulls, the relaxation of nicotine, acrid smoke scarring the back of his throat, bitter blue black plumes staining the stale air around him.He has: three dollars and fifty two cents, three joints, two packets of cigarettes, a lighter, two separately wrapped mints, a dead phone and a loyalty card to Starbucks with three coffees stamped off. Also: his jacket, hoodie, shirt, jeans, socks, sneakers. Also:Also:The bus stops in the middle of the street. The bus driver says, "This is the end of the line, kid." Tony walks down the aisle and down the steps and out onto the sidewalk. He stops and looks back at the driver. "Thanks for the free ride," he says, trying to smile, trying not to get to his knees and beg for a ride back home, or at least a place to stay for the night, or just some fucking advice.The driver smiles sadly at Tony. The driver is thinking, poor kid, I hope he ends up alright. How is he going to survive on the streets? The driver is thinking, I wonder what my wife made for dinner."Good luck," he says to Tony.Tony watches the bus drive off and keeps taking pulls of his cigarette, too fast, taking in the smoke like oxygen, trying to calm the awful desperation starting up inside him. He keeps standing there and it gets steadily colder and darker, and only a couple cars come past, and none of them even slow at the sight of him. He chews the inside of his cheek and deliberately does not think. He goes through half a packet of cigarettes before he gets bored, and then he stops smoking and starts walking.He gets lucky—just round the corner is a twenty four hour coffee shop, with only three people inside—the barista, a guy typing furiously away at a laptop and a homeless woman with a massive duffel bag leaned up against her seat. The bell sounds when Tony opens the door and he steps into a welcome rush of warmth. Everyone looks up and then away; Tony walks to the counter and orders a cappuccino from the barista with a stained name tag that says Joe. "Two dollars," Joe yawns. Tony counts out the change and hands it over. The barista turns around and makes the coffee, handing it to Tony on a stained blue tray, and Tony takes it over to the far corner, where he sits down and sips quietly.And waits.Thoughts start to filter in as much as he tries to stop them, relentless and miserable and choking. He shouldn't have come this late. He doesn't know where Obadiah lives and he didn't bring anything or prepare at all, and now he has to spend a night in a café because he didn't wait until daylight to come. He doesn't even know if Obadiah will let him live with him, and then what can he do? Not go home. He'll have to stay on the streets until he finds a way to get a job and somewhere to stay, and how the fuck is he supposed to survive long on the streets? He doesn't know anything. He's a fucking inexperienced naive idiot. Tony, at the thought, badly wants to get drunk but all he has left is lukewarm coffee.He looks up; the homeless woman and student have left, without him noticing. The barista is watching him quietly and Tony glares back at him, daring him to kick Tony out. The barista says, "I'm closing up in an hour.""It's a twenty-four hour café," Tony frowns."Well, not tonight. I have class tomorrow," the barista shrugs."Fuck," Tony says, slumping forwards to put his head in his hands. The barista obviously feels bad for him and says, "Do you want a free coffee?""Yeah," says Tony. He is given a free coffee. He drinks it, and then in an hour he's outside and watching the barista ride off on his motorbike.Tony sits down.Tony stands up again after it starts raining and moves to a doorway, bringing his knees up to his chest and leaning his head against the door behind him. He brings in his arms around him uncomfortably and huddles smaller into himself, watching out the doorway at the rain pattering softly down, at the building lurching up across the street, at the absolute darkness outside streetlight pools on the sidewalk. He falls slowly asleep. 000000000000000000000 He wakes up to someone opening their door and saying in shock, "Oh god, there's a dead pers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Angst
Alternate Universe - High School
Child Abuse
Alternate Universe - Teenagers
Underage Substance Use
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Recreational Drug Use
Illegal Activities
Obadiah Is a Creep
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Developing Friendships
Happy Ending! I Promise!

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

