Work Text:
“This is definitely not SOP,” Sam says. 
“Quiet,” the Winter Soldier grumbles. Sam should really not think of Barnes as the Winter Soldier, honestly, but it’s hard not to when in ninety-nine percent of their previous meetings he was wearing black tac gear and murder-face. 
Then again, he’s not wearing either of those things right now; he’s in ratty-ass jeans, a grungy tank top, and a beat-to-hell flannel shirt, and just looks kind of petulant more than anything else. Admittedly, though, that might just be his face. More importantly, he’s sitting on Sam’s stomach, in the dark, in the middle of the night, and hasn’t stabbed him yet. 
There aren’t any visible guns or knives at all, actually, so . . . small favors, Sam guesses, although he knows that doesn’t mean there aren’t any guns or knives. Actually, what’s he even saying, not being able to see any weapons probably increases the amount of potential weapons. 
“How quiet?” he asks, debating yelling for Steve. He’s a couple rooms over--the motel didn’t have any side-by-sides left and they usually split up every fourth night so they aren’t constantly in each other’s pockets--but super-soldier hearing would probably catch it. The real question is if Barnes would make with the stabbing if he did it. 
It’s kind of a shame he isn’t more prone to panic, Sam reflects; if he’d just yelled as soon as he woke up to the Winter Soldier sitting on him like he’d been there who knew how the fuck long, well, at least he’d know if he was dead or not by now. This way the situation is a little more . . . nebulous. 
“The fuck kind of question is that?” the Winter Soldier asks with an annoyed frown. Sam’s eyebrows raise. Well. Okay then. 
“The valid kind, I was thinking,” he says. “You know Steve’s like three doors down, right?” 
“I’m brain-damaged, not stupid. There’s a fucking difference,” the Winter Soldier snaps, and okay, now Sam can think of him as Barnes. Now it’s actually not hard at all. 
“Excuse me for assuming you were looking for the guy you actually knew,” he says, propping himself up on his elbows and raising his hands off the sheets in imitation of a placating gesture. “Crazy assumption, don’t know where I got an idea like that.” 
“I’m not looking for Steve. I want to have sex,” Barnes says. Sam takes a moment, eyebrows popping back up again. 
“So what, you want the room?” he asks doubtfully, briefly wondering if Barnes left some poor woman on the sidewalk. Barnes scowls. 
“I want to have sex,” he repeats. Sam keeps up with the doubtful expression for about another two seconds before he makes the connection. 
“Oh. Oh!” he exclaims, eyes widening in surprise. “Geez, man, aren’t you supposed to be some kinda pickup artist, that’s the best line you got?” 
Barnes sighs and blows his hair out of his face with an annoyed expression, then completely changes his posture and leans back on his hands, bracing them on Sam’s thighs. Sam is suddenly very aware of exactly what part of him the guy is sitting on. 
“Uh,” he says. 
“I want to have sex,” Barnes says, looking down at him through his lashes. He barely changes the tone of his voice at all, but that change is fucking significant. 
“Well okay then,” Sam says, because obviously if it’s him Barnes is asking he’s got a reason, and also Barnes is a damn handsome specimen and he is perfectly willing to be the honeypot if that’s what it takes to mellow the man out enough that he and Steve can have a reasonable conversation and do whatever sad-sack super-soldiers do to get over themselves. Probably take out more HYDRA leftovers, which is what they’re all doing already, but it’d be nice to know things like when Barnes had set a bomb or was about to walk straight into one of their bombs, for example. 
God, that’d been a shit week. 
He doesn’t really have the time to reminisce, though, because he’s barely gotten out the “okay” before Barnes is going for his fly like--pardon the phrasing--a man on a mission. They’ve been on-the-go hard enough for long enough that going to bed fully-dressed had seemed like a good idea two hours ago, but right now Sam is kind of regretting the decision. He lifts his hips to make it easy for the guy, because Barnes likes destroying things but Sam likes these jeans, and also doesn’t feel like buying more again since the incident in Newark. 
They are never going back to Newark. 
“Roll over,” Barnes says shortly, dragging Sam’s jeans down his hips. Sam gives him a dubious look in response, the rising mood immediately broken. 
“Sure, man, ‘cause I’m really feelin’ it,” he drawls. Barnes pauses, then looks briefly embarrassed, then scowls. 
“I know how to do this,” he says. 
“I’m sure you do, but ‘this’ ain’t no rodeo so maybe you could avoid acting like you’re about to ride a bull and maybe spend a little more time on the eye contact, that’d be nice,” Sam retorts dryly, raising his eyebrows meaningfully again. Barnes’s scowl and embarrassment both visibly deepen. 
Sam doesn’t actually know what Ba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Awkward Sexual Situations
Healing Sex
Touch-Starved
Hand Jobs
Frotting
PWP
post-AoU
Pre-Ant-Man
We're Up All Night To Get Bucky
well Sam might be at least

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

