Work Text:
He stares at the two toothbrushes, sitting in a glass by the sink. They look cosy. They look as cosy as he felt up until ten minutes ago, when he was curled up in bed, under a thick down comforter, plastered against the very warm body of an incredibly handsome man. His heart is hammering. Is he drunk? Was he drunk? Did someone slip him some date-rape drug? He runs his hands through his hair. He’s pretty sure it would take more than alcohol to make him forget his own name, which is on the tip of his tongue. Oh god, maybe it’s Alzheimer’s. He peers at himself in the mirror. No, that can’t be right. He looks like he’s maybe thirty? He scowls at himself in the mirror. He knows his face like the back of his hand. Handsome devil.  Roguish good looks. Not a fucking clue what his name is. The metal arm’s stumping him a bit, too.Carefully, he lets himself out of the bathroom, trying to be as quiet as possible in case the big, blonde guy is still asleep. Turns out that the bed’s empty and now he can smell coffee. He figures things can’t be that bad, if there’s coffee to be had. He pokes around the bedroom, trying to find some clues, like, if he lives here or if the other guy lives here. Is this a one-night stand? Are they friends with benefits? Boyfriends? Belatedly, he checks his left hand. No ring but, oh yes, metal. He makes it to the dressing table and there’s a photograph there, of him and the blonde guy, at a barbeque or something? It’s not even framed, just tucked into the mirror frame. They’ve got their arms around each other’s shoulders. He wonders what the occasion is. Fourth of July, maybe, or perhaps Pride. He’s definitely wearing the brightest shirt known to man; lurid pink with BROOKLYN splashed across it. No one ever said he was stylish. Well, he’s not sure about that. Anything could be said about him and he’s in no position to confirm or deny. He takes a deep breath. He can do this. He’s a brave man. If he can wear a bright pink touristy shirt, he can go out into the kitchen and meet his fate. And, yes, there, leaning against the kitchen table, cradling a mug of coffee between two massive hands, is his blonde mystery man. “I know this is going to sound strange,” he says, immediately. “But I don’t suppose you know who I am?”The blonde man blinks and the corners of his mouth turn down. “Damn. I was hoping you could tell me who I am.” He can only laugh. He runs his hand through his hair and shakes his head. “So, I don’t know who I am. You don’t know who you are. But one of us probably lives here?”“Maybe both of us?” says the blonde guy. He nods. “It, well. It kind of looks that way.” Without thinking, he plucks the mug from the blonde guy’s hands and takes a long swallow. Ignoring the blonde guy’s protests, he nods, thoughtfully. “Guess we take our coffee the same way.”“Names,” says the blonde guy. “We need names. I can’t keep thinking of you as-”“Devilishly handsome guy? Inexplicable metal prosthetic arm-fella?” The blonde guy smiles and it’s a thoroughly charming quirk of lips. “Well, I was thinking Coffee Thief, but okay-” “Look, we probably have ID around here somewhere, right?”.It turns out that they have a lot of forms of ID, with conflicting information.“Are we conmen?” asks the blonde guy, whose name may be Steve, Bruce, Bob, Julian or Paul. He looks troubled. “I hope we’re not conmen.”He looks at his own array of ID. He’s not sure if he feels most like James, Dick, Fred, George or John. “Maybe we should just pick a name, for now, until we’ve figured it out a bit more.”The blonde guy puts his hand on his forearm and squeezes and it’s meant to be reassuring and probably not send sparks of heat through him. All he can do is smile weakly. “I’m glad we’re in the same boat,” says the blonde guy, artlessly. “But if I knew who I was,” he says, “I could probably tell you who you are.”The blonde guy’s thumb is still running up and down his inner forearm. It’s nice. It’s distracting. It’s - “There have to be more clues,” he says, standing up abruptly and now, somehow, they’re holding hands and the blonde guy is smiling up at him. “Sure,” says the blonde guy. “You’re right.” He steals back his coffee in a blatant display of dirty play and he smiles that smile again. That smile must be why he fell for the blonde guy and that's an interesting thought. When the blonde guy stands up, he can’t resist stepping closer to him. The blonde guy’s taller, by nearly a head, and he has this confused expression on his face. “What are you-?” the blonde guy whispers and his cheeks are red.“I’m just trying something,” he whispers and his fingers close in the blonde guy’s t-shirt, though he’s all broad chest and warmth, with very little material for purchase. He leans up and presses a soft, open-mouthed kiss to the blonde guy’s lips. After a second, the blonde guy kisses back and, okay, it’s like a first kiss, in a way. Eventually, he pulls back, though it’s hard when the blonde guy chases after him for another gent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Amnesia
Brief homophobic slur
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

