Work Text:
"Vodka, at this hour?"The glass in your hand shakes violently as you slowly turn to the source of that gravelly voice. A man is sat at your dining room table, a horizontal panel of moonlight illuminating his eyes. The rest of his body is resting in a shroud of darkness. The cold dead blue of his gaze is triggering a pang of fear in your chest."I shouldn't be talking though, I basically bleed the stuff." A gentle chuckle escapes his lips. He rises slowly, and steps towards you, stopping a few feet away.The light coming from above your stove lights up the rest of his face, the hazy yellow glow carving out his cheek hollows and his sharp jawline. He was clean shaven, with dark brown hair, brushing across his broad shoulders, framing what would, in any other circumstance, be considered one of the most handsome faces you've ever seen. Sharp brow bones hovering over eyes as sharp and clear as the sky's reflection, thick black lashes flaming those icy orbs. The sharpness in those eyes, however, forces your chest to twist a bit. At this point, his face laid atop the "Most Terrifying Faces" list.The tactical gear clinging to his well built body glistens dully in the dim lighting. Leather. There is a gun holstered on each hip, and another on his right thigh. Quite a nicely toned thigh, you might add. Those leather pants are doing wonders for his body. You can see his arm glimmering in some kind of metal sleeve, but once you hear the whirring of plates accompanying the slight flex of his fist, you realize that that is his arm.Another moment and it finally hits you like a bucket of bricks. Holy shit. He's the fucking Winter Soldier.His guarded eyes narrow calculatingly, and he takes another step closer. When you don't take one back, a small smirk plays on his mouth, a hint of mirth in his eyes."Either you're fuckin' terrified right now, or you're very, very stupid." He takes yet another step towards you, crossing his arms across his barrel of a chest, and he shifts his weight to one thickly muscled leg."Probably both," you do everything in your power not to sound as terrified as you feel. Your neck muscles are tense with fear, and it's as if your lungs are being squeezed by invisible fists.His bark of a laugh nearly makes you cry out in surprise, your body instead settling on a violent flinch. You gently set the glass back onto the counter, next to your bottle of vodka. Its presence only makes the shaking of your hands more apparent."I know who you are, and what you do, so I'm beginning to think I know why you're here." Your voice is surprisingly even, and maybe a little tired sounding. Of course you knew why he was here. The Winter Soldier. A fucking assassin. The fucking assassin. Assassins assassinate. You're another target."Oh?""Assassins kill people. I'm a people. You're an assassin. Two plus two is four, buddy." As soon as the words leave your mouth you wish you could grab them back and set them, and then yourself, aflame. Snark your murderer, nice going, Y/N. His eyes widen slightly, surprised at your boldness."I never did do too well in math class," he nods in what could almost be seen as approval. "But I do know that I'm not here to kill you.""Oh?" You copy his previous statement, earning another smirk that feels strangely rewarding on your part. I mean, you just made this incredibly attractive assassin smile. Wait, nope. Creepy thoughts. This guy's a murderer."I already took out my target for this week. Mission report isn't due for another-" he pauses to glance at the digital clock on your stove "-four hours and thirty seven minutes. I have some time and...energy to burn." The pause in his sentence leads your mind places that no soon-to-be-homicide-victim's mind should go. A knot twists up in your lower belly and you shift slightly."So you figured 'what the hell, time for some torture'?" You slap a hand over your mouth and your eyes widen. You can feel your brain begging you to shut the actual fuck up. This guy is an assassin. Sarcasm probably won't help your situation, like, at all.He chuckles lowly, standing back up at full height before leveling his gaze with yours. "I always did have a thing for the feisty ones." He takes another step towards you, closing the space between you two, and effectively trapping you between himself and the island. He leans down to settle his mouth just next to your ear and whisper to you huskily, lustfully. "You don't by any chance know Russian, do you?" He leans back with his eyebrows raised expectantly."Sorry to disappoint, champ." You murmur back. This was going south real quick. Were you actually flirting with an assassin? What in the actual flying mother of fu-"Guess incoherency will have to do."
Oh shit.

Before you can respond, his mouth smashes into yours. Both of your hands settle onto his broad chest while you tilt your head back to give him easier access. Why are you letting him kiss you?! He's a fucking murderer. Red flags are popping up everywhere because
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements
Gunplay
Dirty Talk
Blow Jobs
Gun Fellatio
Cunnilingus
Oral Sex
Unprotected Sex
Table Sex
Kitchen Sex
Hair Pulling
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
autassassinophilia
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

