Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Darcy certainly could be more excited about the move to Avengers Tower, but she couldn’t help but whine and moan about her and Jane having to move all of their equipment by themselves. Wasn’t Stark rich enough to hire some people for this? She continued to pant and shove a ridiculously heavy cardboard box across the Tower’s polished marble floor after a huffing Jane, slowly but surely making their way to the elevator where the rest of their stuff was set in a pile on the other side of the lobby. After hitting the call button, both Darcy and Jane slumped to the marble ground and waited for the car.

 

“This is ridiculous,” Darcy whined, “Your boyfriend is a god for fuck’s sake, why isn’t he helping us?”

 

Jane simply groaned from where she was sprawled on top of the duffle bag that was stuffed with all sorts of odds and ends of machinery. Darcy didn’t even have the energy to wince in sympathy for her friend, knowing that the older woman would be covered in bruises from all the pointy shit that was in the bag. 

 

Darcy rolled her head back at the sound of the elevator doors opening and sighed in relief. She closed her eyes tightly, not wanting to get up but knowing that they had to: there were people in the lobby who were starting to give her and Jane funny looks. Not that she could blame them, honestly. Darcy was about to speak up and let Jane know that it was time to move when someone cleared their throat. Cracking one eye open, she groaned at the sight of the beautiful redhead towering over her and her best friend.

 

“Janie,” she nudged the older woman with her ratty converse without breaking eye contact with the new arrival, “Janie. Pepper Potts is standing here and it’s amazing but I need you to confirm that I’m not hallucinating.”

 

Pepper just quirked her brow in amusement and turned her gaze to Jane, waiting for her response. Jane turned her head so that she was no longer face-down on the canvas bag and looked up to the amazonian woman.

 

“Shit. You’re not hallucinating. I wish we were though, we’re in no condition to meet the Queen.”

 

Darcy wanted to protest and tell Jane to speak for herself, but then she remembered that she was sitting on the floor of Avengers Tower in ripped jeans and a ratty tank top, with equally ratty shoes. Thankfully, Pepper Potts didn’t seem to notice, simply tilting her head in curiosity at the women sprawled on the floor.

 

“The Queen?”

 

“Yeah,” Darcy agreed, still not bothering to stand, “You’re the Queen.”

 

If Darcy wasn’t already on the ground, Pepper’s beaming smile would have put her flat on her ass in no time.

 

“Queen of what?”

 

Jane huffed, looking at Pepper Potts as if she was the one being absurd. “Everything!” She insisted, “You’re the CEO of Stark Industries, you’re a role model to girls and women everywhere, and you’re Pepper Potts!”

 

“Last but certainly not least, you managed to tame Tony Stark and have him practically by the balls,” Darcy added wryly, cupping her empty hand in the air in front of her and clenching her fingers in a fist.

 

Pepper let out the most inelegant snort of laughter Darcy had ever heard, which simply made the older woman that much more amazing to her. It took another minute for Pepper to control her laughter, having to wipe a few stray tears that had leaked from the corner of her eyes.

 

“I don’t think I’ve laughed that hard in a while, so thank you, Miss Lewis.” Darcy’s jaw hit the floor when she realized Pepper knew her name oh my god, but didn’t have time to react when she turned to address Jane. “I’m sorry that Tony forgot to mention that you two were coming today, Dr. Foster, otherwise I would have had someone help you deliver all of your things.”

 

The tiny astrophysicist stuttered for a couple moments before gathering her wits around her, apparently she was fan-girling just as hard as Darcy was.

 

“Call me Jane. And you can call Darcy, uh, Darcy. Giving her an honorific will only encourage her shenanigans.”

 

“Then you two must call me Pepper, I’m not a big fan of formalities, either.” Darcy just about melted at the woman’s smile, hardly ever seeing anyone look so genuine. Pepper offered a hand to Darcy and helped her stand before turning and doing the same for Jane. Straightening her blouse, Pepper raised one of her perfect brows mischievously. 

 

“So, ladies, want to see your new lab?”

 

* * *

 

The lab was everything that Jane could have every wanted, honestly. It took up a third of one entire floor, the two other spaces used by Dr. Banner and Tony Stark. The labs technically took up four floors of the Tower, but this was to be their main stations, the rest meant for more elaborate experiments. The entire floor was a wide-open space of clear glass, sleek lines, and top of the line equipment. Each of the three lab spaces faced inwards toward the center of the tower where a small kitchenette and living space occupied the center. Jane was pretty sure it w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Time Travel
mature language
Humor
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Thor is shitty at magic
Alternate Universe
Captain America: The First Avenger
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Smut
Suicidal Thoughts
bamf!darcy
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

