Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They were in England, helping a recovery effort as an assist to Captain Britain. He rarely called for help from any of the 'spandex set' as Tony snarkily called the superhero set. But this time, the request had been made less for heroes, and more for scientific help.
Flashback, 48 hours:“Mr Stark, call coming in from SHIELD, and it is not Director Fury,” JARVIS intoned suddenly, simultaneously dropping the volume on Tony's music. Tony had stopped his experiment, setting a pair of pliers down on the worktable. “Oh? Interesting. Put it through, JARVIS,” Tony spun his wheeled task chair from the table to face a piece of blank, white wall. His curiosity was sufficiently piqued to call for all of his attention. Usually Coulson called the Team together. Rarely did Agent Hill or Director Fury bother. If SHIELD called, something BIG was going on.
The wall darkened as a translucent screen flickered into being. Tony made a mental note to check the projectors later. The newly formed screen brightened as JARVIS made the connections to bridge the video call from SHIELD. The image of a sterile lab, and white-coated scientists appeared, the foreground dominated by a head full of messy, salt and pepper curls that Tony knew well. “Bruce?”, he asked softly, knowing that if his partner had lost immediate interest in the call, startling him wouldn't help. It'd likely summon the Hulk. The head jerked a little anyway, making Tony wince. “I...” he started.“No, my fault. New readings came in as I waited for JARVIS to connect. You know how easily distracted I get,” came the subdued reply. Bruce was definitely deep in 'science mode', as even though he'd lifted his head to talk to Tony, his eyes were still on whatever information had come in.“What do you need, Big Green?”, Tony queried, reverting to 'public mode' as this was an open call. That helped Bruce focus, “Yes. A call came in from Brian Braddock earlier. There was a rather large explosion in a suburb of London last night.” Tony's eyes widened, but he waited. If they'd been needed, they'd have been called already.“At first, it was assumed that it was a gas main, or possibly terrorists. Brian thinks it's Something Else,” and the capitals were obvious. Tony snorted, it meant magic, he hated magic. “He's been forced to go outside to ask for help. Thus the call to me this morning.”
Tony remembered that call. They'd only been fiddling with yet another new setting on some tracking gear for the Hulk when JARVIS just abruptly patched that call through. Tony'd threatened dismantling if JARVIS was that high-handed again. A few brief exchanges and something he'd overheard about radiation and Bruce disconnected the call. He'd turned to Tony to tell him that SHIELD was sending a Quinjet to the tower to collect him. He had been requested to assist in getting through a pile of anomalous readings. They shared a brief kiss and fondle before Bruce had left the lab to clean up and change. “And what did you find?”, Tony asked, concerned and curious. If it was radiation with a normal answer, even terrorists, Bruce wouldn't have called him, except to say he was going to England.“The readings are just that, anomalous. Bunny suits on the ground have been sending us new reports every 4 hours and the rapid change...no, that's not right.”Tony was completely intrigued and starting to get a feeling, “What, Bruce?” he interrupted, practically demanding clarification.
“It's complete deterioration, Tony. The levels of Beta radiation were off the scale when they first noticed, then exponentially sharper drop offs since then. It's still there in sufficient quantities to warrant full protocols. Brian wants us to come and see for ourselves,” Bruce finished.Tony had half listened to this last part. “Ok, I'll get an aide to pack you a bag,” he started to say, completely misunderstanding.“You didn't hear me, did you, Tin Man?”, Bruce practically growled, voice deep and rough, as if Someone was about to appear. Though when Tony looked, his eyes were still soft, and very much brown, if worried by the information he'd been reading, “WE are going,” he emphasized, “Go get 2 bags packed, plus the new haz mat additions for the IM suit.”“Oh,” Tony said, dumbstruck, then he cracked a huge smile, “Okay, I can handle that. Are we taking an SI jet, or?”“Quinjet. More equipment available,” they shared a frown at that, having to stay public for so long. It was easy and hard at the same time.“You've got an hour. I hope that's enough time?”, Bruce said, beginning to wrap the call.“Aside from my armor, what else do we need?”, Tony asked, preparing to go back to work, or at least clean up his workshop mess.“Bring the Hulk's toy box, would you? And remember my iPod this time!”, Bruce grinned and they disconnected the call. Tony spun back to the table, picking up the pliers, “JARVIS, send a couple robots to get the toy box, and another to find our suitcases. Not the matched sets either,” he commanded his AI.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Child Abandonment
Past Child Abuse
Past Abuse
Graphic Description
Violence
Physical Abuse
Angst
Drama
Family Drama
Mental Abuse
Family
Tragedy
Trauma
Psychological Trauma
PTSD

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Bruce Banner

