Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Peter Parker was six he was tested and found to be nothing but human. He was neither preternatural – nor supernatural. Just human.
His parents weren’t really surprised since the altered gene didn’t run in their families. Now and then it would crop up in lines formerly completely untouched, which baffled researchers, and then would die down again.
In a world where under five percent of the population was supernaturally gifted – able to shapeshift – and just about the same percent were preternatural – gifted with an extraordinary ability that didn't involve shapeshifting --  being human was normal.
A third kind had cropped up over time: people who had altered their physiology due to experimentation, an accident or technological additions.
They were called mutants.
 
 
Supernaturals kept to themselves. They were mainly shifters like wolves and foxes. They ran in packs or families. The military was always interested in the wolves, even if the pack mentality was a weakness. Many were soldiers, officers of the law, worked in security, and went into jobs that suited their sometimes primal nature. It wasn’t uncommon for those with a predator alternate form to be found at the frontlines.
Winged or waterbound shifters were unheard of. They were true myths, and while history had artistic renderings of such supernaturals, no one had either heard of or seen them in the past five centuries. Anyone able to present wings or turn into a waterbound creature was usually the result of human experiments or technological help. A mutant, not a preter or super.
Preternaturals didn’t out themselves as different to the general population and it wasn’t part of an employment record. Some were faster or stronger, had better reflexes, lived longer, had heightened senses. Some had mathematical abilities that surpassed the best computer. Some didn’t need any sleep.
The world was aware of them as more than myths and legends, though the rarity of some kept them just that: myths.
Research into the difference to a regular human bordered on ethically dubious and human experimentation had made the news again and again. Secret labs used human guinea pigs, some of them children, some of them homeless or desperate individuals, some even terminally ill, to get closer to the secret of what enabled someone to shape-shift.
 
 
Weapon X was just one of those many labs that had come into secret existence, that answered to dubious commanders and worked under the radar. They were like civilian contractors, but so much more.
They had order sheets. They had expectations to meet.
The lab was one of those who had had results in the past. Their history was filled with blood and screams; and countless deaths.
 
 
Peter became more than human when that radioactive spider bit him. He became a mutant.
His life became more complicated, too.
He had to relearn his body. He had to work on controlling his sharper senses, his enhanced reflexes, his speed.
Being able to stick to a surface was scary at first, but he got a hang of it. He managed to go on with his life, despite tragedy, loss and pain, and he became Spider-Man.
He was still human. He hadn't been born with a different set of DNA. And yet, he was a preternatural of sorts. No shapeshifting, just abilities and some altered physical traits.
Of course he caught the interest of others, mostly the Avengers when they set up their headquarters in New York after the infamous alien invasion attempt, but they more or less left him alone.
Part of Peter wanted to be an Avenger. Another part was happy with being his own boss, with being anonymous and doing what he thought was right. He caught the small criminals, now and then put down a lunatic or two, and left the big fish to the professionals.
Yeah, that sounded about right.
He was broke half of the time, but it was his own life.
 
 
His aunt didn’t know about his changes.
No one did.
Those who had… had died. Gwen had been the first victim of his bumbling along in his new life.
Peter had stopped trying to make both worlds work after that. He had to keep his family and friends safe.
He was Spider-Man and his identity remained a secret. He was Peter Parker, struggling to make ends meet, and he was about to graduate.
 
*
 
Wade Wilson was born a preternaturally gifted human. He had had heightened senses from an early age, he was always faster, more agile, tenacious and had insanely fast reactions.
His parents never had him tested.
There was no interest there.
And neither of them had been preternatural as far as Wade was concerned. His mother had passed away early from cancer and his father continued to drink himself into a stupor.
He was classified when he entered the military. The recruiters were rather ecstatic when the results came back: Cerberus. Hellhound.
It earned him a place in Special Forces.
And no, he was neither hellish, nor did he have any hound features. No shapeshifting needed. He just belonged to the category of preternaturals 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Supernatural Elements
Hurt/Comfort
Bonding
Anchors
Psychic Bond
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn
Slow Build

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

