Chapter 1: Anywhere Else But Here
    




Chapter Text
Freedom, for Tony, is looking a lot like death and not because he had any strong desire to off himself. The opposite was true, actually, but for the first time in his life he wasn’t restrained by bullshit social convention and he was flying. Literally. He was flying through the air, no strings attached, arms spread wide, wind flowing through his hair, the whole bit. Steve was probably going to kill him for this, assuming he didn’t end up becoming a pancake on the ground because this was so not what Steve had wanted him to do. Steve had barked out some order about staying where he was but sorry, Cap, no can do. When the building is about to fall on your head you get the hell out though Tony had to admit taking the fastest route out, a window, probably wasn’t the brightest idea he’s ever had.But hey, he’s an omega, they’re supposed to be lucky and if he was truly honest with himself all the shit he’s pulled over the last few months has proved that true, at least for him. Not that anyone else knew that minus a couple select people who knew better than to say something. No one knew who he was though, that he was the great Howard Stark’s kid, that technically he was royalty and hopefully they would never find out. He had better things to do than fend off people trying to serve him or some shit, he was done with that. Technically he couldn’t take care of himself very well, but he knew enough that he didn’t need any help, thanks.Steve is yelling at him via ear piece but he’s laughing, savouring the feeling of the wind on his scalp. Rhodey’s calling him a crazy bastard and Clint is yelling too but he ignores them because he’s about to die and he’s going to damn well enjoy his last moments before he ends up pavement paint.
Six months ago
Tony wanted nothing to do with this stupid omega ball, mostly because he had about zero inclination to get married and reproduce. Before these things used to be a place to basically trade omegas like cattle but those days have long come and passed. The notion that one could trade off omegas like cattle was actually considered blasphemous now, and the reason for the plague and subsequent population drop. No one knows what caused it; just that the only group that didn’t suffer a devastating drop in numbers was omegas.Tony had a plenty of reasons for that too, like being less of the population, being physiological built to withstand the bacteria that caused the plague, there was more but no one listened. After the plague wiped out a good portion of the population some hundred and fifty or so years ago people came to the completely absurd conclusion that the reason omegas didn’t drop like flies was because they must be gods in human form.He was sure that the omegas that were treated like shit prior to the plague enjoyed that but he didn’t. It was tedious, it got in his way, and people were always fucking tripping over themselves to help him instead of letting him do stuff by himself.Of course that was where Problem Number Two came in. People didn’t just assume that omegas were gods because they didn’t die off like everyone else, they noticed something else too. Apparently omegas weren’t just plague resistant, oh no, they all had some God-given gift too. Yes, it seemed that most omegas he met were good at math, or science, or art, or poetry, or some other thing but everyone had something they were good at. Didn’t make them gods.In his case he was a masterful engineer, way ahead of anyone else in the field, his father included and Howard was considered the best before he came along. People used to try and keep him from tinkering, after all a science lab was a dangerous place for someone that was considered a god in human flesh. When he did finally manage to break in and stay in someone found him hours later, circuit board built and they all had fucking kittens.It was almost funny, watching the entire mansion of people freak out because they thought they kept a god from their divine right or something. If that didn't lead to people using that as proof that he was obviously a god he would have taken a lot more joy in that. Sadly people were idiots though so no can do and that was used as yet another thing that proved he was special.And he was, special that is, and he was genuinely way better with tech than any other person he knew but that didn’t make him divine. Shit, if being divine meant he could do whatever he wanted he’d take it but no; instead people use that as an excuse to hold him back. Can’t stay out too late Tony, not everyone is happy that you’ve been granted divine status. Don’t stay in the lab too long Tony, it wouldn’t do for you to be too tired to act as our god. Make sure you stand there for like two fucking hours while we worship you, who cares that you hate standing still all that matters is our feelings, don’t ever forget that.He’s asked around, he knew quite a bit of other omegas, and not many seemed to agree with h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Tropes
Attempt at Humor
Tags May Change
I Don't Even Know
Medical Inaccuracies
Tony has unbelievably good luck
Steve/Howard doesn't appear until later chapters
but it will play a large enough role to warrant the tag

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark

