Work Text:
The thing that Bruce doesn't get about the Hulk is that frightening as he can be, he never hurts anyone who isn't hurting him.  He'll smash something right next to a person and frighten them, but much as he might moan about that being abusive behavior, he has to admit that it leaves people alive to complain and is better than the alternative.  But even after seeing footage of the Hulk tenderly scooping up a crying toddler and reuniting her with her mother in the aftermath of a HYDRA attack, Bruce still doesn't trust him.It's too bad, because Hulk is a good teammate.  Like today, when he stood in the way of a blast of some kind of rapidly-hardening glue from a hostile alien, allowing Steve and Natasha to escape being entombed in it.  They're not sure what would happen if Bruce turned back now, so they're coaxing Hulk down to the Tower's massive decontamination bay, built with just this kind of thing in mind.  Hulk is still a bit suspicious, but mostly willing to follow Steve.  Not Captain America, and Steve has to put his cowl back when the doors close with a sound that's unavoidably medical and military.“It's all right,” Steve says, patting the clean portion of one big green hand.  “No one's gonna hurt you.  We're just here so you can get clean, okay?  I'll get clean too,” he says, pulling off his gauntlets.  With each piece he removes, Hulk seems to relax more and more, sniffing the air curiously as a hatch in the wall opens to reveal the various soaps and solvents, along with the main hose.  Huge shower-heads protrude from the walls as well, and soon Steve and the Hulk are drenched.  The hateful stuff doesn't shift an inch of course, and Steve winces to see that some of it is in Hulk's hair.“Hulk,” he says, making the gesture that means sit down so the tiny human can check on you, and Hulk seats himself with his usual air of long-suffering noblesse oblige.  “Thank you,” Steve says, and starts peeling a chunk of the glue off of one arm.  It doesn't go easily, and pulls as that hot, green hide, but Hulk just grunts a little, watching Steve.“Sorry if that hurt,” he says, “but we don't even know what this stuff is, and it can't be comfortable.”“STICKY,” Hulk agrees, and Steve chuckles.“I'll bet.  You wanna stand up and see if you can get your pants off?”Hulk does, cracking the glue as he yanks his pants down, revealing an enormous green cock at half-mast.  The fucking thing is already a good ten inches long, and wide enough to make Steve squirm at the sight of it.  He swallows hard and gets back to work, peeling hardened glue off of Hulk, who grumbles and growls and wriggles, but doesn't do anything more threatening.“You're bein' real good about this,” Steve tells him, scrubbing at some residue on one big green thigh.  People have compared his to tree trunks, but they don't know shit.  Hulk is monumental, and when Steve risks a glance to the side he nearly swallows his tongue to see that Hulk has gone up from half-mast, not down.  Steve had thought that it was maybe residual adrenaline, but not now.  “Oh, wow,” he mutters under his breath, feeling the stretch at the corners of his eyes as he goggles at the biggest cock he has ever seen in his life.  The fucking thing is bigger around than the cans Coke comes in now, and is a solid foot long, maybe a little more.  Green-tinted slick wells up at the tip, and Steve makes a little noise of longing, because Hulk could probably give him an even better load than Thor, and then realizes that he has taken fucking the Hulk as an inevitability.  And really, he is a member of the team in good standing, and certainly seems interested.  His morale matters, too.He looks up at Hulk, and Hulk looks down at him with big, green eyes, chewing on his lower lip.  He actually looks shy, and Steve smiles, careful not to laugh because that might hurt his feelings.  Hulk sniffs at the air, and visibly hardens.  Steve can't help but follow suit, wondering again about how Hulk sees the world.“Yeah,” Steve says softly, putting a gentle hand on Hulk's belly, since the reach up to his chest is a little awkward, “it's okay.    You wanna do me?”Hulk nods, not looking the slightest bit confused.  When Bruce is being charitable, he compares his alter ego to a child, but Steve has a feeling that it's not that simple.  Right now he looks more like the wide-eyed private from Tennessee who hadn't been able to believe that he got to fuck Cap, a little shy but mostly eager, with a touch of something reverent.  Steve wonders whatever happened to that kid, and then reminds himself to be in the present, and to gesture for Hulk to sit down again.“We don't know if your spunk is safe for me,” Steve says, and Hulk huffs and rolls his eyes, “but I bet Tony can make up a condom in your size in a minute.”“TONY SMART,” Hulk agrees, and waits while Steve finds his communicator.“Hey, Capsicle!  What's up?  Big Green enjoying his shower?”“He's gonna enjoy it a lot more in a minute,” Steve says, blushing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hulk/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bathing/Washing
Size Kink
Size Difference
Penis Size
belly bulge
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Hulk Sex
Facials

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hulk/Steve Rogers

