Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Sir. Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes are waiting for you. Sir.”The sound of JARVIS’s voice barely registers, but it’s a lot harder to ignore the way the workshop is suddenly plunged into darkness. Tony blinks for several seconds, hands still elbow deep in the body of a pokémon, before looking up in confusion. He doesn’t dare move his hands; he’s been trying to get the configuration in these wings right for weeks, and the slightest move could throw potentially throw him back to square one.“What?”“You have a meeting with Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes,” JARVIS repeats, and going by the hint of audible annoyance, this is not the first time they’ve had this conversation. “They’ve been waiting for the past ten minutes. Sergeant Barnes is starting to become restless. I thought it prudent to interrupt you.”“Shit. I forgot. Lights, J.” Tony squints back down at his work, feeling a flicker of dismay. He doesn’t want to stop when he’s this close to getting it right, but he’s been working on a new arm for Bucky for way longer than his pokémon and there’s no way he’s messing up a chance to finally burn that monstrosity Hydra dared to call an arm. He very carefully eases his hands out of the delicate circuitry and stands up, swaying just a little, and can just make out Steve and Bucky waiting on the other side of the glass.Thank god for A.I.’s that know better than to arbitrarily let people into the workshop. He tosses an old blanket over the pokémon and takes a few steps forward. “Let them in.”The workshop door opens without delay, admitting them both. Neither one looks overly pleased by the length of the wait, and Tony quells an instinctive urge to put space between them. A soft chirp is the only warning he gets before Minun is agilely scaling his leg and shirt, ending up on his shoulder. The weight is familiar already, comforting, and Tony relaxes even as Plusle goes scuttling across the floor, squeaking welcomingly. Steve laughs and bends down to scoop her up. “Hello there,” he says fondly, and Plusle licks his nose.“Stop flirting,” Tony says, and he’s not really sure who he’s talking to; Plusle adores Steve, most likely the result of Tony’s own crush – god he hopes that no one ever figures that out or the teasing will be merciless - and even Minun has warmed up a lot to him since the two pokémon were first properly introduced to the team.“Plus, plu, plus,” Plusle scolds, squirming out of Steve’s grip and leaping nimbly to the floor. “Because they’re not here to visit you, that’s why,” he says, holding still so that she can jump up too. “They’re here for Bucky’s arm?” He doesn’t mean to make it sound like a question, but that’s how it comes out.Bucky takes a deep breath, like a kid about to climb in the dentist’s chair, and jerks his chin in a short nod. “I’ve been looking at the specs you sent me. They look pretty decent.”Pretty decent? Tony has to bite his tongue to keep from saying the first thing that comes into his head, which is that the amount of money it took to build this arm surpassed the five million dollar mark a long time ago. The time that Tony has put into it alone is worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. And the remark itself stings; he’s put as much into Bucky’s new arm as he did the last Iron Man suit, and that’s saying something. He forces a smile onto his face instead.“I’m glad you approve,” he says when he’s certain that he can speak without the words coming out too sharply. “I can get Bruce down here if you’re interested in having it done today.”“I’m not being put to sleep,” Bucky says sharply.“You don’t have to be. It will hurt more if you’re awake, and in that case I’m definitely having Bruce down here to help JARVIS monitor your vital signs, but it’s your choice.” Tony turns away before he can see the looks on their faces because he doesn’t want to know if Steve is smiling or frowning right now. He feels coiled up, tension too tight, and that’s when Minun delicately licks his cheek. The scrape of tongue over his stubble makes his eyes burn, and he blinks rapidly as he goes to fetch Bucky’s arm.He hasn’t let anyone else touch it; he fabricated most of the arm with the help of JARVIS, and then did the finer work himself. It’s a work of art, even if he’s the only one who thinks so. The arm has definitely benefitted from the work Tony’s been doing on the pokémon, and the easy way the elbow bends or the fingers wiggle when the appropriate wire is touched are a sight to behold. It’s as strong as Tony could make it while also being lightweight, and should give Bucky as much sensory information as a flesh and blood limb.He sets the arm down on a spare table and makes a show of rattling around to get things ready, as though he hasn’t been prepared for this for well over a month now. Bruce comes in less than a minute later, and he spends a couple of moments conferring with JARVIS before he walks over to speak to Bucky. Tony pretends not to notice, accepting a cup o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
no civil war spoilers
civil war never happens in this verse
Pokemon
Pokemon Training
Science
tony does science
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Feels
Tony is Misunderstood
Team as Family
Jarvis lives
Tony Stark Has A Heart
pokemon are awesome
hammer is an idiot
Nintendo - Freeform
author knows nothing about copyright and legalities
Sass
high levels of sass
Steve Rogers has a crush
Pre-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
the team tries to apologize
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
BAMF Tony Stark
Hand wavy science

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

