Work Text:
//Steve is usually more careful than this. He knows how to tell if someone is watching him like they shouldn’t be, knows to pay attention to who’s shadowing him, but he’s cold and he’s tired and he’s not sure how he’s going to pay the rent this month, nevermind food or art supplies, and he lets his guard slip, just a little.A little is enough, and he has time between the hands landing on his shoulder and elbow and the first hit to his gut to curse himself. He lands hard on the dirty cement, his palms slipping in refuse as he fights to get his breath back. He manages one wheezing sucked-in gasp of air before a boot catches him in the ribs and sends him tumbling into the wall, banging his temple on brick and causing white dots to spark across his vision. Steve rolls onto his back, his hands up to protect his face, and feels hands start to pat him down, under this thinning, threadbare winter jacket. Steve feels a frisson of anger shoot through him, making his face hot and his knuckles shake, and he twists to find bare skin, bites down hard enough for a male voice to yelp and then swear--and then punch Steve in the side of the head, jarring him into near unconsciousness. Steve clings to the last strip of vision he’s got, the black tunneling around it, and is just barely cognizant of a sound repeating over and over, a muted hiss-boom, and metallic clicking and whirring, like machines in a factory, like gears rolling against each other that are in need of an oil.“Hey,” someone says, and Steve feels himself being pulled into a sitting position. Someone taps against his cheek, harder and harder. “Hey!” Steve opens his eyes. There’s a man holding him upright, with dark hair and dark eyes and a smirk that strikes Steve as deeply irritating, even concussed and lying in a garbage strewn alleyway.“Ha,” the man says gleefully, “I just saved your ass. I totally and completely just saved your ass for the first time. The bet is settled, Cap.”Steve tries not to swallow his tongue. “What bet?” he asks, and the man’s face falls a little bit. “Who are you?”“I’m Tony,” the man says. “Can you stand or what?”Steve bristles. “Yeah,” he says, and manages to lurch halfway to his feet before his knees buckle and the man--Tony--has to catch him.“Some things never change,” Tony mutters, and slings an arm around Steve’s shoulders to support him. They half walk-half stagger along to the sidewalk, Steve’s feet dragging on the cracks in the uneven pavement.Steve’s ribs are on fire and he can feel his pulse in the roof of his mouth and his head feels like it’s been filled with matted tangled wool, but he manages to pull his thoughts together enough to mumble. “Thank you, thanks.”“Don’t worry about it,” Tony says. “if you could pull yourself together to give me some directions, that would be good.”“Where are we?” Steve asks, and Tony props him against the side of a building, pries his eyelids up and peers into his eyes.“Hm.” he says. “The Lower East side.”“I was hoping you would be slightly more specific,” Steve says, and Tony grins. The streetlight behind him flickers dully, and the white of Tony’s teeth gleams briefly.“I’m unfamiliar with the area,” Tony says delicately, and seems to be laughing at a joke Steve doesn’t know. “more than I thought I’d be.”“Right at the next street,” Steve says, squinting around, “then... left. We’re not far.”“Jolly good,” Tony says, and snickers at the weird look Steve throws him. “Come on, Rogers.”They make it to the door of Steve’s building, and even through it to the foot of the stairs before Steve falters and tugs at Tony’s arm to sit on the bottom steps. “It’s a bit of a climb,” he pants.“How many flights?” Tony asks, leaning casually against the banister. It gives off an ominous creak, and Tony straightens quickly, his eyes gone wide. Steve smiles, and then realizes the answer to his question.“Four,” he mutters. Tony tilts his head at him, appraising. “Right,” he says briskly, “this will be a nice change of pace.”“What?” Steve asks, and then squawks in protest, because Tony has swept him up into a bridal carry and is striding up the stairs like he carries sickly teenagers up buildings on a semi-regular basis. “Let me down,” Steve snarls, twisting, and Tony grunts at the shifting of his weight.“Knock it off,” he snaps, and his bare forearm slips against the nape of Steve’s neck, damp with sweat. Steve takes a second to aim and drives the heel of his foot into Tony’s chest. He hits something completely unyielding, something metallic, and Tony makes a surprised noise as he drops him.Luckily for Steve, he lands on a landing and merely bruises his tailbone, a pain that ranks nowhere near the thumping ache in his ribs and the pounding in his head. “I can walk,” he says, struggling to stand, and Tony watches him placidly as he manages it, slowly, painfully. “I don’t need help,” Steve says defiantly, and Tony smirks.“After you,” he says mockingly, and Steve grits his teeth as he drags himself up the s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Slash
Time Travel

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Natasha Romanov

