Chapter 1: The Raven
    




Chapter Text
 
She comes and goes as she pleases

Her grace is immortal
 Maria Stark moved through the corridor without flinching, gun clenched tightly in her right hand, left hand hanging limp by her side. There was blood on her beautiful face and irritation in her mind. As the Raven she never had to care for casualties, but working on the good side-which was debatable- meant least amount of deaths. She shrugged mentally. Just a lil bit more hard work and The Raven was always up for a challenge. The SHIELD comm. in her ear buzzed lightly as it did before there was an incoming message. Howard’s clear voice filtered through next.“Raven, what is your situation?” Ah, she winced. Husband dearest was not going to like the answer.“Target is dead.” Always good to give the good news first, right?“Oka-“Four casualties.”There was a deep sigh on the other end of the comm.“Peggy is not going to like it.” Peggy can go fuck herself. That was the first thought in her mind. She was not stupid enough to vocalize it.“I’m sure Director Carter will understand that I did what I had to do under the circumstances.”Howard made a slightly disbelieving noise.She turned left still listening to him mutter about diplomacy and-there was a slight movement from one of the bodies she had thought dead. Shit.The man had a gun positioned under his stomach, nozzle aimed right at her. His teeth were bloodstained as he grinned through them.“Die, Bitch.” Howard made a tut-tut sound as he checked her over for injuries.“Did you really have to blow up his brain?” She glared at him. He glared right back.“I did.” He threw up his hands in the air in frustration.“Do you know how difficult the cleanup is going to be with grey matter spread on the floor?”“Not as much as taking a shot in the stomach I am sure.” She said with a slight sniff.He looked worried again.It was a clean through and through and didn’t hit anything major. That was not luck. The Raven had been given extensive training on how to mould her body so as to protect the essential bits. With real bullets.“I’m okay.” He nodded hesitantly and moved to the front of the van that was being driven by a SHIELD agent. There on a screen was the director herself and Tony in her lap. Now, Maria knew she wasn’t mother material –that was an understatement- and Tony had been nothing but a political move to show that the Stark family was not going to end with Howard, but her insides still stirred with jealousy to see her son in the lap of Carter. Tony giggled as he saw her. Her amazing , genius-“Momma! Momma messy!” Well he was only two and half years old. Peggy glared at her.“That is right Tony. Momma is very messy.” The extremely obvious dig didn’t escape her. Tony smiled again and Peggy seemed to melt a bit. Her son did that have the effect on everyone. Well everyone except Howard. Who as always seemed too busy to notice his only son , working on one of his calculations in the corner instead.The Raven or now as she had come to call herself-Maria Stark’s heart lurched as she thought about his future. Little Tony was showing signs of higher than normal intelligence and some of the serum effects that had passed from her to him. There was going to be a special integrated training program just for him that he would start at four. She had tried everything even teamed up with Peggy and rimmed out Howard but the man had refused to listen.They had come to a fragile compromise. That was – Just training till he was fifteen. No missions, field or technical until then.She had never hated Howard- her husband as much as the moment when he had decided Tony was going to be a spy just like her. But the logical part of The Raven understood. Tony Stark was the son of Howard Stark and a former KGB agent – her. He would also probably be a genius. He definitely needed to learn how to fight , being a spy wasn't necessary but Howard never let an opportunity go waste- for example: her.His son was going to be a spy. Probably the best too.  She picked up her gun, the special one and unloaded it. The fifth bullet was made out of Vibranium that she had helped Howard steal from Wakanda.There was an engraving on it.
Amor sempiterus 

Everlasting love 
It was going to be her graduation gift for Tony and one of the many reasons she fought to live. She was going to see her son grow up. No matter what. The Raven never made false promises.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/James Rhodes

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
Canon will be integrated
BAMF Maria Stark
Maria Stark's Good Parenting
Spy Maria Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Spy Tony Stark
Assassin Tony Stark
Tony kicks ass
Tony Feels
Tony Angst
Everyone underestimates Tony
He proves them wrong
Competency
Competent Tony
He can shoot and stuff..
He does become Ironman
Obadiah is a creepy fucker
Team Dynamics
Team as Family
BAMF Pepper Potts
Pepper is also a spy
Rhodey Knows
Palladium Poisoning

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/James Rhodes

