Chapter 1: Due Date
    




Chapter Text
Tony tried to take in a deep breath as he came to a sudden stop. He hid behind a closed door, the sound of booted feet passed him. He leaned against the door and waited until they were gone. Tony gently rubbed his stomach as he tried to settle his nerves. He felt his baby kick, comforting him and reassuring Tony that he was not alone. Tony swallowed down the lump in his throat and instead focused on finding an escape route. He turned to face the empty apartment. There was nothing inside except an old couch the last tenants must have left behind. His hand never drifted from his stomach while he made his way further inside. Tony moved into the kitchen opening cupboards trying to find anything useful. Tony scoured almost every inch of the apartment but found nothing.Tony felt a deep clenching pain in his pelvis causing him to gasp. The pain left after a moment, Tony breathing heavier. He moved to the end of the apartment where he saw a large window. Right outside was a fire escape. Again the sound of footsteps where loud in the empty room and Tony waddled to the window struggling to open it. He heard the sound of voices and then ramming against the door. Tony was grateful when the window finally popped opened. He wasted no time climbing on to the emergency staircase. He shut the window behind himself.Tony looked down and saw the ladder was missing to reach the ground. He looked back up and knew that there was going to be no easy way out of this. Tony hoisted himself up as he tried to climb up the stairs as quickly as possible. He held onto the railing tightly, not wanting to fall. He heard the door shatter open inside the empty apartment which only made Tony hurry up the staircase. The nudging in his stomach motivated him further. Tony reached a window to someone’s apartment, he tried knocking on it but no one came. Again he walked up. He got to another window and it was just the same. Tony wanted to cry in desperation.Tony’s heart beat loudly in his ears. His breathing was labored and he wanted, no he needed his Alphas with him. He reached another window and was ready to give up hope when an older man with graying hair opened the curtains. Tony could see the inaudible gasp of the woman beside him. They didn’t hesitate and opened the window for him. Tony thanked them as they helped inside. The woman helped him sit down, the man locked the window and closed the curtains.The older man then moved to the door and proceeded to lock that as well. Tony took in deep breaths trying to calm himself. Again a pain shot up from his pelvis through his spine making Tony wince. The woman stared at him.“Are you all right,” she asked, worry noticeable in her tone.Tony took in a deep breath, “I will be.”The woman and her husband shared a look.“I’ll ask why you are being chased but there is something more important happening right now. I think you might be in labor.”Tony shut his eyes tight. The pang in his chest spreading further through his body.“It could be Braxton Hicks. I need to contact my Alphas. Let me use your phone,” Tony began standing up from the chair with the help of the woman.She wanted to protest but her husband nodded in the direction to their bedroom, “Right this way.”The woman removed the phone from its receiver and handed it to Tony. He knew it wasn’t safe, but he needed to make at a least some form of contact to let the others know where he was. Tony moved to sit down on the bed and received no complaint from the couple. Tony’s back and feet where killing him.The woman sat on the bed beside him, her husband remained standing by the door. Tony dialed a phone number he forced himself to memorize just in case things went haywire. Tony waited for the other end of the line to pick up.“Hello,” was the frantic response.“I’m in Forest Hills, Queens. 67th Ave and 108th St. Apartment--,” just as he gave his current location the electricity to the apartment building went out.Tony cursed his bad luck and set the phone down. He made a move to stand up but the woman eased him back down.“You need to sit down. You are a heavily pregnant Omega that may be in labor. I am not going to let you out of this apartment until those bad men are far away from here,” she scolded in a voice that made Tony feel guilty for even thinking about leaving.“You’re Tony Stark,” the man finally spoke.“Yes I am,” Tony answered as he got his heart to settle, “Nice to meet you.”“Why are those men chasing you,” the man asked.The man received a heated look from his wife that made Tony give a small smile. Tony applied pressure to his back in order to relieve some of the pain.“They’re AIM, and they’ve been chasing me since the moment I announced I was Iron Man. Now they are chasing me for another reason that must have my Alphas tearing them apart.”“Because you’re pregnant,” the woman answered.Tony remained quiet, ‘It’s alright baby. I’ll get you out of this.’“I’m May Parker. This is my husband, Benjamin.”Tony nodd
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega/Alpha
OT3
Polyamory
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Pre-Relationship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bottom Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Intersex
Mpreg
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Not Beta Read
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Angst
Male Omega's are Intersex
Bonding
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Pregnant Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

