Work Text:
Darcy hated these things. They were always long and boring, and she doesn’t know the right people so she never heard the good gossip. At least not right then. Sometimes Pepper would let things slip, and Clint would always dish later, but during the actual events, parties, balls, there was never anything to do. She’d made an appearance, as per Pepper’s expectations of her assistant, and now she was peacing out because these heels were cute, but killer. And she didn’t think that Pepper would be too keen on her walking around barefoot at the Four Seasons.Now if only she could find her jacket…she ducked into the coat room and looked down at her ticket. 337, and this row started at—“Ouch!”Since she was pretty sure coats didn’t speak, and since coat racks definitely didn’t move on their own, she could only conclude that the thing she stubbed her toe on was very much human. She looked down in time to see a leg draw back and she grinned as she peered between the racks.There, sitting on the ground, was Captain America himself. And he was looking at her very disapprovingly. She hadn’t talked to the Captain a whole lot since she’d started working for Pepper. He was quiet and kept to himself, which she understood because, hello? All his friends were dead. Besides, she spent most of her time around Stark Industries with Pepper while he seemed to avoid the Tower unless absolutely necessary, so she could count on one hand the number of times she’d had a conversation with him. And those included the passing “hellos” in the hallway.“You’re not supposed to be in here,” he said. Darcy rolled her eyes. “I think the same thing could probably be said for you.”It felt strange looking down at him, so, fancy dress and all, she hunkered down across from him. He blinked at her. “What are you doing in here?”“Oddly enough, getting my coat. I’m blowing this popsicle stand. Since everyone is vying to get a glimpse of Stark doing—well, I don’t know what he’s doing, but no one’s at the desk and I got tired of waiting for someone to take my ticket. So here I am.”Captain Rogers sighed. “You’re lucky you get to leave.”“You know, I’m pretty sure there’s nothing that requires you to stay the entire time.”“It wouldn’t be polite.” She thought there might have been a criticism of her somewhere in there, since she was, you know, leaving, but she let it slide because he looked so earnest.“Ahh,” she said, nodding sagely. “Yes. Hiding in the coat room is much more polite than just leaving the party.”“I’m just taking a breather.”She nodded again. “I see. Hiding from someone?” She’d seen the good Captain trying to ward off the advances of a very persistent blonde earlier. She and Jane had had a good giggle over it before Jane had gotten sucked into a discussion of something science-y with Dr. Banner. “Not so great with the ladies, Cap?”He gave her a grudging smile, and damn. If the blonde had seen that, there was no way she’d have let him escape. “No. I tried to tell her I wasn’t interested, but…”“She wasn’t interested in hearing that.” He nodded, looking slightly bewildered. Darcy couldn’t help it. She laughed. Captain Rogers was so rarely flustered, it was kind of a treat to see him at a loss. “I’m sorry. It’s just kind of funny. But seriously, just tell her no, and if she doesn’t accept that, threaten her with Natasha.”This time he actually chuckled. “There’s an idea. But seriously, you’re a dame. Is there a non-lethal way to let a girl know…” He stopped, and she could see him floundering for the right phrase.“To let a girl know that her attentions are unwelcome? And uncomfortable? Don’t look so surprised. Jane and I totally saw her cop a feel of your…assets.” In the dim light, she couldn’t see him blushing, but she thought he probably was. “Why not go back out there and find someone to dance with—someone you don’t mind having a conversation with—and maybe that’ll discourage her.”“You think that’ll work?”“Maybe.” Actually, she had no idea if it would work, but it seemed as good a course of action as any. “You can’t stay here all night. Otherwise, you might as well leave.”He nodded. “Will you dance with me, then?”She was tempted. She was so tempted because apparently she found the boy scout, All-American thing more appealing than she realized. But her feet were killing her. “Oh no. I’m leaving.”“One dance. Please?” And really, who could say no to Captain America when he was looking at her like she was his only hope? Isn’t that what she was? Because who else was he going to ask?She sighed. “One dance. I just hope you know I’m doing this for America.”He stood and grinned, then held out a hand to help her to her feet. “America appreciates it, I’m sure.”—Steve scanned the corridor to make sure that it was momentarily empty. He didn’t mind signing autographs and taking pictures with people, but this crowd was particularly suffocating today, and he just needed to catch his breath. He ducked in and shut the door, hoping that no one was going to nee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
I don't know how to tag this
Friendship
Developing Relationship
Closets

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

