Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Fucking Asgard.Fucking magic.Fucking green-wearing megalomaniacal douche-nozzles.The baddie-of-the-day was a blonde in a skin-tight getup that made Clint wonder whether she was using magic to keep her ample assets secured or adhesive, because that sure as hell wasn’t happening on its own.The bitch had popped up in Queens and by all reports had immediately started causing trouble. Agents on site had been able to confirm that most of the initial sightings of fantastic monsters had been illusions. The Avengers had already been en-route by then, and “most” was noticeably not “all.”Iron Man was already engaging what Clint thought was a chimera when he touched the quinjet down with the rest of them.“Have I mentioned I hate magic?” Stark’s voice came down their line as he finished blasting a hole through the lion-scorpion thing’s chest. The beast flopped over, sizzled and dissolved into a green mist. “Because I hate magic.”The woman laughed gleefully, leaning against her knees to stare down at them. She was about twenty feet off the ground; not standing on a damn thing, just levitating there smugly.“Tell me, pretty little mortals, where is Thor?”“Ma’am, Thor is in Asgard,” Steve called up after a pause, no doubt weighing the pros and cons of divulging that.She scowled down.“Liar. Liar. I’ve seen him with you.” She sent a blast of green energy towards him that Steve deflected with his shield.“Banner, we might need you to suit up here in a minute,” Steve said.“A lot of civilians still in the area,” Bruce pointed out.Widow and Iron Man were fighting something that bore more than a passing resemblance to a saber-toothed tiger. Steve was in the square below the woman, keeping her attention and dodging the blasts of energy she kept sending his way. Banner was in the quinjet, running an analysis of her magic and Clint was sat perched on top of a nearby church, picking off the smaller monsters she’d conjured. SHEILD had advised on a diplomatic resolution if at all possible, which was the only reason Clint hadn't shot her in the eye the moment they touched down.“Enough of this,” The woman snapped, and tendrils of green light wrapped around Steve, shield and all, and threw him into a wall hard enough to crack the bricks.“Tell me where Thor is now, or I’ll-”Clint mentally declared diplomacy nonviable, and shot.She spun and caught the arrow before it could bury itself in the back of her skull. She smirked at him over her shoulder, and Clint had to wonder if they practiced that on Asgard.She looked at him, then blinked and dropped the arrow in surprise....which was unfortunate, as that meant it detonated at her feet rather than next to her face.She rocked forward, tumbling and losing control of whatever was letting her hover there, and hit the ground hard.Steve rushed forward but she waved a hand and he froze on the spot. She hadn’t looked away from Clint for a moment.“Oh damn,” He said into the comms.“Barton?” Natasha grunted, and Clint could hear her weapon discharging.“You,” The woman hissed, and immediately, without visibly moving, she was in front of him.“Fuck!” He barked.She ripped the bow from his hands and flung it to the street. She blocked the knife he whipped out to stab her, and then her hands were on his neck, lifting him and bodily slamming him against the wall.“Didn’t you learn last time, boy?” She pulled him up and slammed him back hard enough that Clint was momentarily stunned.“What last time?” He grunted, scrabbling at her hands.Iron Man appeared behind her. Clint kept his eyes on her, not giving his position away.She flung a hand back and Tony dropped in a cloud of green fog, thankfully hitting the roof rather than the street.“Playing coy doesn’t suit you. I’m sure your lovely sister did not find me so forgettable.”“Lady, what the fuck are you talking about?” He spat, channeling his fear into anger.She pressed into his space, laying her stomach flat against his groin, her breasts against his armor.She smelled like apples.Of course she did.Her fingernails dug firmly into his neck and her eyes bore into his, the green of them glittering with power in an uncomfortably similar fashion to Loki's.She stared hard, not moving, and Clint felt an itching, slimy sensation in his brain, an invasion that wasn’t physical. He panicked, terrified, but the blue haze of possession didn't come over him.  It was uncomfortable but when she loosened her grip, Clint was still himself.He took a shaky, relieved breath, heart still pounding.  She hadn't loosened her grip enough for him to get free, but he'd take 'not mind controlled' as a damn good starting point.“Truly? Oh,” She laughed, “Oh, oh, oh, this is too good, this is much too good. I could not have crafted a more perfect vessel.” She smirked in sadistic pleasure and Clint thrashed to free himself, not at all liking the look she gave him.“Say goodbye, boy.”Clint felt a squeezin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Hansel (Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers & Gretel (Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Crossover
mindswap
Humor
Kinda disturbing sex scene
Not noncon or anything
Just kinda unhealthy
Bad coffee pot etiquette
Masturbation
Domestic
A general fixing of things
Angst
Fluff
Bamfery
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Hansel (Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters)
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers & Gretel (Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

