Work Text:
Perhaps the slave master's claims were true and Loki was indeed a Jotun prince. He was certainly more beautiful than any other Jotun slave Thor had seen and he carried himself regally, even gagged and bound in chains. His skin was softer than any Thor had ever touched and his milk sweeter than any he’d tasted. He was a prize indeed. Everyone knew that milk slaves needed to be fed properly to yield as much as possible, and the Aesir's seed would fill him to the brim, but Loki would turn his head when offered, and though Thor could have forced him to take his cock, he seemed too delicate for such a rough touch. He didn't speak to Thor, barely even looked at him, but that just stoked the fires of Thor's passion more. This beautiful thing that refused to let him possess it completely. All Loki would imbibe was milk from the Aesir’s golden herd, thick and creamy, which he let run down his chin just to taunt Thor. He’d often find himself pushing Loki down onto the milking chair and licking him clean, and then cursing himself for falling into Loki's trap. For Loki was a trickster, and no matter how much Thor tried to hold himself back - leave him unmilked for days at a time so he'd be begging for it - he always gave in. "I will have you," Thor promised, his mouth still tasting like his little cow's milk, undoing the catches that tied him down. Loki rolled his eyes at him and smirked. "If you won't take me by mouth," he squeezed Loki's perfect ass with one huge hand, "I'll find other ways." Loki returned to his perch on the windowsill and opened one of the books he liked to read, resolutely ignoring his master. After a few days away hunting, Thor returned to find Loki sulking, most likely angry at not having been milked a day or two. His cock stood proud of his body, conditioned now to stiffen as soon as he heard his master’s voice, but he turned away to stare out of the window.  “Did you miss me, Little Prince?” Thor asked, unstrapping his vestments and coming to stand behind Loki once he was nude, cock thick and hard after abstaining while he was away. He marvelled at the sight of his pale hands against Loki’s silken blue skin, tracing the patterns in it with his fingertips. “Are you hungry yet?” Thor asked. Loki shivered but didn’t reply.  Thor picked him up easily, to a hiss and a hateful glare, placing his prize on the bed where he caressed him lovingly, for he had sorely missed his beautiful slave while he was away. He turned him over and pried apart his cheeks to lick him, teasing his full sac before working his tongue into him. Loki writhed under his ministrations but sighed in pleasure, the most sound Thor ever got out of him.  It seemed like his hole was surely too small for Thor to ever fully mount him, but if he refused to let him use his mouth it was the only way. He brushed thick fingers down his cleft before pushing one into him, pleased to feel Loki flutter and squeeze around him before relaxing. “You know it is an honour to have the Aesir’s milk, Loki. I’ve had slaves beg for just the chance to taste it. And yet you make it so difficult.” He pushed another finger into him gently, dipping to lap up the beads of wetness at the tip of Loki’s cock as he did so.  “Perhaps you prefer it this way,” Thor murmured, watching Loki thrash his head as he probed deeper and wider. “And they do say it makes a yield plentiful.”  Eventually Loki was stretched and opened up enough for Thor’s liking, not wanting to hurt, and he turned him, looping the chains that bound Loki’s wrists around the bedpost before pushing his knees up and back to guide himself in. He went slowly, watching Loki’s face, flushed - a pinkness infusing into the blue of his cheeks. He panted as Thor went, his cock straining at nothing and looking more delectable than ever. Once he was fully seated inside, Thor paused to brush the most delicate touch of the tip of his finger over Loki’s balls to watch them hitch up with the promise of the sweet release he’d give once he’d had his fill of Thor. And fill him he intended to.  Running his hands over Loki’s skin, pinching his nipples hard when he gasped til they stood hard and pebbled, Thor fucked him gently at first, soon giving in to the hard pounding that had occupied his imagination during his time away. Loki was tight and slick around him, his body open and ready for his seed. Thor collapsed over him to bury his face in Loki’s hair as he came, pumping his release deep inside of his little concubine.  As soon as he was done he pulled himself free, watching Loki’s face for signs of displeasure but he merely looked pleadingly at him, pushing his groin upwards, hopeful of his own release at last. Thor grinned and pressed a kiss to his neck. “I should make you wait. Leave you here dripping with me til I decide to take you again.” Loki’s eyes flashed with a spike of hatred but he still refused to speak. Thor sat back and pushed Loki’s legs back again to watch a slow drip of his own whiteness f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Milk
Milking
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Jotun!Loki
Jötunn Loki
Slave Loki
Blowjobs
Anal Sex
cum
Bondage
the milk is mostly cum
Consent Issues
under-base

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

