Chapter 1: October
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
      When Bucky said that he wanted to be put back under, Sam took one look at Steve’s expression and dragged him out of the room.“Breathe,” he ordered sternly.“He can’t—” The words were clogging his throat. “He can’t—”“Panic attack first, talk later.” Sam crouched to be at eye level and put a solid hand on Steve’s shoulder. “C’mon.”It took Steve longer than usual to get his shaky breathing under control. The serum had fixed his asthma but couldn’t do anything against pain and grief and loss.“I just… I don’t understand,” he finally managed to gasp out. “It’s not right, Sam.” His desperate eyes looked for Sam’s steady brown gaze. “That’s the last thing he deserves.”“Maybe that’s for him to decide.”“He doesn’t—”Steve’s mouth clicked shut. Doesn’t know any better. How dared he think something like that. He screwed his eyes shut and got in another rattling lungful of air.“You should talk it out with him, man.” Sam looked up and Steve followed his gaze. Through the glass wall, he could see that Bucky was quietly waiting in the other room, looking out the window out of decency, maybe. T’Challa and his staff had left him alone. “I think he expects you to.”“Yeah,” Steve said. He took a last second to gather himself. “Yeah,” he repeated, and pushed himself up. * Bucky didn’t turn around when Steve came back into the room. He looked almost ethereal dressed like this, in only light scrubs with his feet bare. Steve realized he’d never seen him wear white. Not once since the day they’d met.He didn’t know what to say. Where to start. Before the silence could stretch for too long, Bucky said quietly, “Walk with me?”Steve looked at him.“Yeah, Buck,” he murmured. “Of course.”Bucky finally turned and smiled at him, a little, and the broken edge of that smile tore through Steve’s heart just like every time he saw it. * The compound’s promenade overlooked the whispering jungle—the windows stretched from floor to ceiling all along the empty corridor. Bucky walked between them and Steve, like he’d never lost the habit to shield him from harm.“Think about it logically,” he said, blank eyes surveying the canopy. “I can’t fight. I can’t be out there. Eventually another Zemo will pop up, and more people will die.”“I know,” Steve said with difficulty. “But you could find—”“Somewhere quiet?” Bucky’s lips quirked a joyless smile. “That’s what I had in Romania. And look how that turned out.”A bird cried out somewhere in the distance; Bucky's eyes jumped up, as if looking for it through the foliage.“Besides, the whole planet is after me now. There’s no place for me to hide.”“There is Wakanda,” Steve said, a bit too desperately. “It’s a gated country. T’Challa won’t let anyone come for you.”“And that’s why I’m trusting him with my cryochamber,” Bucky said. He raised his hand to cut Steve off. “I know what you’re going to say. I could just live here. But what am I going to do? Just walk around and think about the past?”Something trembled in his expression.“It’s all or nothing, Steve. I’ve tried all. Until you find a way to make it work, I have to settle for nothing.”Steve had fallen a few steps behind. He looked at Bucky’s strong back and shoulders and wished to God he could carry part of that load.“But the ice,” he said.“It’s peaceful.” Bucky had stopped in front of the window. “It’s the only form of rest I can get. I don’t sleep, you know? Not really. I survive through cat naps. There’s too much in my head to allow more.”Steve’s sorrow was like a living creature in his chest. Every beat of his heart pulsed pain through his veins.“I’m not afraid,” Bucky whispered. “I can’t remember the last time I was able to say that about myself. But I know I’ll be safe here. And I won’t have to worry about what happens to me when I wake up. You could come and visit anytime you like.”“I’m not—” Steve had to fight back a sudden onslaught of tears. “I’m not gonna put my best friend in the fridge like some goddamn leftovers to be warmed up when I feel like it.”Bucky laughed. It never ceased to amaze Steve, that he was still capable of that.“You’re always so dramatic,” he said fondly. “This is my choice. You’re not the one locking me away.”There was a silence.“Aren’t you worried about losing time?” Steve said, desperate—he knew he was running out of arguments.“Not really,” Bucky said, glancing at him. “T’Challa said he’d wake me up every three months to keep me updated on his research. Sounds reasonable to me.”“Reasonable,” Steve repeated.And it was horrifyingly reasonable. He couldn’t think of anything else to say.“See?” Bucky said, flippant. “It’s fine. The only thing I’m kinda bummed about,” his voice faltered for a second, “is that I won’t get to see you as much anymore.”In three steps Steve had walked to him and wrapped him tight in his arms. Bucky exhaled like a great weight had been lifted from him, and clutched hard at Steve, hand fisting
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
civil war spoilers
mid-credit scene spoilers
attempt at a mid-credit scene explanation
upon second viewing
WOOHOO CIVIL WAR CAME OUT IN THE US I CAN FINALLY TAG THIS PROPERLY
discussion of suicide
Recovery
Mutual Pining
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
AND BY GOD THEY BOTH GET ONE
Hugs
so many hugs guys
The Hugs This Fandom Deserves
Canon Compliant
Oh I'll comply to your canon
I can play along
I can be good
No Homo
...cycling right back into homo
by which I mean
Platonic Love
Platonic Soulmates
Platonic Life Partners
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Mid-Credits Scene
Civil War Fix-It
Civil War Coda

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

