Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“Dreams are stories made by and for the dreamer, and each dreamer has his own folds to open and knots to untie.”
― Siri Hustvedt, The Shaking Woman Sometimes T’Challa just stands in the shadow of the door, watching him watch the tank. Dr. Onwuatuegwu understands about killing against your family, understands ties that cannot be broken more than most. T’Challa recognizes the look in the man’s eye, the wish to do better, to fix the mistakes of the past.T’Challa had stood by him at his son’s funeral. The boy had taken his father’s 9mm and put it in his mouth in the family bathroom. He had only been back a year. A year in which the family, Dr. Onwuatuegwu, had celebrated his recovery, vaulted the methods of his hospital and rehabilitation program.The success stories had been numerous. Many families reunited. Not happy, but surviving, moving on. But not all.He steps from the shadow of the door, clears his throat, announces his presence.“How are you, Doctor?”A slight tensing in his shoulders, and a respectful nod towards T’Challa.“I am well Your Highness.”He watches Barnes through the frosted glass. The bluish light in the tube makes him seem ethereal, not quite real. The tiny pinpricks of ice over his flesh sparkle as T’Challa moves closer, distorting his eye.“How is our guest sleeping?”The Doctor is silent for a long time. For a moment T’Challa thinks that he is not going to answer, the silence stretching out for too long.“He is not asleep. It is not a dream state he is in.”There is a box in front of him, white and sterile. Weathered hands resting on the sides, holding it like a treasure.“Those in suspended animation do not dream. There is nothing but blackness. Darkness forever.”His hands move over the box, like a caress. He flicks the safety latch open and lifts the lid. A silvery chip rests inside, not much larger than T’Challa’s palm.“We all need dreams, do we not?”It is a hopeful question asked by someone with no hope and it comes across empty.T’Challa thinks of Captain Rogers who sometimes comes to the chamber in the dead of night when no one is around. He stands in front of the glass and watches. His face so filled with emotion, so overwhelmed. It is only in the darkness, in the silence that he shows it. The cool indifferent mask he wears in the day would fool T’Challa had he not seen Rogers at night.If he had not seen how Rogers rests his hand on the cold glass of the tube, right over Barnes’ heart and whispers “Bucky” like a prayer. Had he not seen the pain like a splintered mirror bloom on the man’s face.Dr. Onwuatuegwu is still speaking, voice steady and soothing.“This would allow him to do so. To dream. It is my own design. For the hopeless cases.”T’Challa wonders what lives in the mind of a killer, a murderer of hundreds, of a body designed purely for destruction.“What if the dreams are nightmares?”The Doctor doesn’t look at him, his eyes fixed on the tube, on the face of the sleeping man, captured in ice.“We monitor his brain waves. I will see if there is distress. It can be turned off.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Domestic - sort of
Mutual Pining
Dreamsharing
Domestic Fluff
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Internalized Homophobia if you squint
Explicit Sexual Content
Implied/Referenced Torture
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

