Work Text:
   



Looking for another place 



Somewhere else to be



Looking for another chance 



To ride into the sun 


 

 
It isn’t an one-night stand, not really, although it isn’t much more either; they have sex exactly three times within the two weeks Ryan is in the USA before going back to England. Toni has been a good girl since the dying thing, and she hasn’t been featured in half-naked/drunk in any gossip magazine for almost two years now. They meet on a science conference where both of them are to give a speech, so when they are done with talking and pretending they care what the audition thinks, Ryan asks her out for a few drinks, she accepts and they end up in bed, talking about quantum mechanics until the very moment they are both undressed.Ryan tells her he has a fiancée, what only makes Toni smirk because no, she isn’t interested in long term, she’s never been and probably never will. By the time he is boarding his plane, four hours after crawling out of Toni’s bed, she’s crouched in a weird position under a suspended Iron Woman armor, fixing some wiring around the left elbow that hasn’t been working well enough, music blasting in the workshop on a crazy level, like always.The next few weeks pass like all other: work, work, work, drinks and two men she likes, suiting up and saving the world, which seems to be a once-a-month thing recently. She spends some time in the SI R&D department, overseeing the work of her favorite engineers, flies to Malibu to get some sun that is too scarce in NY in early spring. S.H.I.E.L.D. asks her to come up with new engines for quinjets and what is ridiculous since they are not her tech and she refuses to play by halves so she prepares a project of an entirely new jets that are going to be most awesome thing ever. Fury throws a tantrum about how expensive it will be, but she says it’s that or nothing, so he gives in finally. Toni works hard on the project, by the time the prototype is built she’s pretty exhausted, but it’s perfect. She leaves making more of the jets to Fury’s goons and stays for two days in the apartment, working on the newest armor, trying to get the grease out of her nails, drinking her best scotch and nursing a constant headache. Then suddenly she notices it’s the end of April when a hot week hits and when the Avengers are called to yet another dumb robot attack. Toni gets up from a sofa where she fell asleep sometime in the early morning, she’s feeling queasy and nauseous what is an obvious consequence of eating a weird Chinese takeout the previous day, but there is no time for whining so she puts on the armor, flies to the 5th Ave Mansion where the other Avengers and some S.H.I.E.L.D has been staying – not that she needed the house, really, and she kind of hated it anyway – and then even follows most of Rogers’ painfully good-natured commands, just because she’s too tired to argue.Everything goes smoothly right until the moment when Toni suddenly feels a sharp, strong pain in her stomach that makes her suck in a quick breath and miss the nearest bot, so it manages to throw her around a few times before she fires from the repulsor and brings it down, just in time to narrowly avoid another robot and for a minute or two she’s very busy, ignoring orders and questions because she doesn’t have fucking time to talk, come on; she ends it with a few blasts in a quick succession that free her from the swarming machines, a few minutes later it’s all over anyway.‘Just how irresponsible can you be?!’ Rogers shouts into her ear when they are starting the debrief, his voice is loud and creaky and seems to echo inside her brain, so she only snorts in response and shakes her head slightly, trying to push the ache away. ‘What was that?’‘Oh, it’s just the suit not responding for a fraction of second, those things happen when the robots have devices for disturbing electromagnetic waves, but hey, you wouldn’t know since you fight with your perfect pretty body –’‘Shut up, Stark,’ Rogers cuts in angrily. Toni smirks tiredly and moves to sit in her usual chair. (The robots had the devices indeed but Iron Woman was far above those  toys; not that Toni was going to admit to Rogers of all people that she missed because she was in pain.) ‘Just make sure it doesn’t happen again.’She doesn’t dignify the comment with an answer. A moment later Fury comes in and the game begins anew; Toni is just a bit more angry and snarky than usually since she doesn’t have the patience to deal with their attitudes.In the end, the Avengers go back to the Mansion and Toni flies to the tower, takes a quick shower and goes to sleep even though it’s only later afternoon.***When she wakes up it is sometime around 3 a.m. which means she was asleep for much longer than usually. The headache isn’t really gone, and as soon as she sits up on the bed she feels the nausea again and takes a few swift paces to get to the bathroom before throwing up. Which is suspicious, because this time no, she 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Female Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
Unplanned Pregnancy
Miscarriage
Angst
Recovery
BAMF Tony
Bot Feels
Friendship
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Slut Shaming
BAMF JARVIS
Protective Bots

fandom: 
None
