Work Text:
 Captain America and the Winter Soldier left behind a deafening silence. Iron Man and War Machine tried to give chase, but weren’t able to stop the jet without seriously injuring the two passengers. They were mad, yes, but they didn’t want anyone to end up dead, or paralysed, or maimed. The jet rose into the sky, higher and higher before disappearing over the horizon.The barren airport was quiet. Peter was aching all over, still disoriented from the blow that knocked him through the air. The formerly building-sized guy that had hit him lay panting, limbs eagle-spread. Hawkeye sat nearby, rubbing at his back and grumbling under his breath. Scarlett Witch was cradled in Vision’s arms, the two murmuring quietly to one another.Falcon touched down, spread wings retreating. Iron Man and War Machine followed his descent moments after. They refused to look at their former teammate.Peter stumbled to unsteady, determined feet. His mask was rumbled, a little twisted, but pulled to his chin. Booted feet spun in a wobbly circle, taking in the entire airport, the burning husks of thrown cars, abandoned airplanes, and the dozen exhausted, resting heroes.“We’re not going to start fighting again, are we?” Peter said. “Because sure, yeah, I’m ready to go again, but some of you guys look old and I don’t want to accidentally break some hips—”“You are not ready to go again,” Mr. Stark told him firmly. His faceplate flipped up, and he looked weary and defeated in an achingly familiar way.“I am,” Peter insisted. “Did you see me take down a guy that was the size of a building? A building!” Peter limped over to said Building Guy, who squinted up at the teenager, one hand shielded over his eyes. “Also, hey, I’m super impressed about the turning-into-a-building thing. Doesn’t that break all kinds of rules about the conservation of mass? How does that even work? Is it a superpower, or are you an alien like that Thor guy, or is it, like, science—”“Where did you find this kid?” Hawkeye asked loudly.Falcon was eyeing Peter with raised brows. “Man, even I know not to hire people off of craigslist.” Peter jabbed a finger in his direction. “That’s rude. Who knew, other superheroes were rude. I thought that was just me.”“Nope, you’re not special, pumpkin,” Mr. Stark said. “We’re all assholes.”His worn, damaged suit creaked as he made his way to Peter. He wound himself down onto the cement ground, hands braced behind him, stubby metal legs sticking out in front of him. Peter shuffled closer to him. He couldn’t help it; there was something about the billionaire that drew him in. Made him feel giddy and desperate to connect, to impress.Peter sat with his legs tucked, criss-cross, hands on his knees, and let the silence return briefly. It was a comforting blanket, balm after the burning, blistering heat of a fight. Peter liked watching the other heroes in this wavering aftermath. He liked seeing how their shoulders slumped and they rubbed at their tired, aching eyes, yawns splitting their jaws open. They were human, too. It made him feel less like a kid in dress up.“SHIELD will be here soon,” Mr. Stark murmured to War Machine. The Colonel had slumped next to him, faceplate up, Rhodes’ sweaty face loose and open.“Think we’ll have another fight on our hands?” Rhodes whispered back. Mr. Stark cocked his head discreetly, yes. Rhodes sighed. “Great. I’m definitely having a hot shower as soon as this is all over.”“Um,” Peter said. He shifted, squirmed; his concussion made his vision swim, everything appearing a little wet, wobbly, but he ignored it in favour of a more pressing matter. “Are we going to back to New York, or…?”“We still have stuff to—” Tony began.Peter leapt up. The world swayed, but his sticky feet and strength kept him up. He pointed a firm, argumentative finger at his idol. “Ohhhh no. No, no, no. I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, but you promised you’d have me back.”“Worried you’re going to turn into a pumpkin at midnight?” Rhodes teased with a tired smile.Peter flapped his hands in the air. “Dude, it’s a school night!”“School night,” Hawkeye murmured from his place several feet away, horrified. “Shit. They keep getting younger and younger…”“No, you just keep getting older and older,” Scarlett Witch said loudly from her place in Vision’s arms. The artificial man looked pleased, at home with having his former enemy cradled to his chest. Peter wasn’t going to judge. It was 2016. Love was love, ect. ect.“I have a Spanish test tomorrow,” Peter informed them. Vigilanting and grief had already made his grades dip dramatically. Aunt May was going to be furious if he failed. “I haven’t studied for it… at all…”“Spanish test,” Rhodes told Mr. Stark flatly.The billionaire shrugged, defensive. “I told you he was on the young side.”“Guys, c’mon!” Peter said. He looked around at the group of superheroes. “Can someone give me a lift to New York? Does anyone have a secret plane tucked away? A spaceship?” Peter kicked Building Guy in the thigh. He’d fal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Humor
Crack Treated Seriously
AU: nobody really hates each other
Civil War (Marvel)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Missing Scene

fandom: 
None
