Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Yeah, I said I wouldn't, but I did. I got a vague idea, told myself no, and then Pitch jumped into my head and told me to involve him and I couldn't just let that opportunity go. So, here you have another part of my now ridiculously long series.I only intended it to be one part, under 2,000 words. Look what you've all done to me.However, it must be noted that I was completely overwhelmed by the reaction people had to my stories, and I'm delighted that you all decided you liked the series enough to yell at me when I wanted to stop it. So, as a great big thank you, I'm going against everything I said and writing you this: a multi-chaptered extravaganza, which will, hopefully, make you very angry with me all over again. Enough so to comment.Enjoy the first part!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Had there been enough time, Loki likes to think he would have done something else. Had there been enough resources, Loki wants to imagine that he'd have taken a different route. However, for what he had been given to work with and the lies he had to build on, Loki rather thinks he did his best.As it had been the only option available, or the only one he was willing to utilise, this was the only thing he could do.One day Midgard would forget what he'd done. Perhaps they might even forgive it first. To the universe, they'd proved themselves capable of watching their own backs, which Loki had certainly not seen coming.The hardest part had not been lying, because that hadn't been the difficult. Not only was he a proficient manipulator, the god of lies some called him, but most of it hadn't been falsehoods in the first place. He had his own difficulty separating honesty from redirection, not completely sure where one began and the other ended, but it didn't matter since almost all of it had been sincere, angry, frustrating, exciting, and at times humiliating. Meanwhile, the slithers that had been less than truthful had been words that were projected, echoed, rechanneled. The truth was twisted but never broken. Loki's first lie in months had been when he'd been forced to kneel before Frigga whilst she had welcomed him home.There were things he'd said to her that he was not fully proud of, despite that they had worked more than effectively.Thor had looked seconds away from vengeful fury, and killing Loki then, in the large rooms of Asgard, would have been better timing, perhaps, then on Earth. On Earth where he had pushed the god of thunder to the edge and beyond, but his temper had forcibly remained; the once jubilant man stoic and shattered and disgusted, but here was a line he thought Loki better than to cross. That line had now been leapt over without hesitance nor regret, and Thor had reached his breaking point.Worse, however, was Frigga's lack of reaction, and how her initial sad, disappointed expression, mixed in with relief and love upon seeing her child finally returned home, was completely wiped clean. Her chin had tilted, her posture straightened, and where once was a mother now stood a queen. Merciless and brutally efficient, her words were no less the law than Odin's, and Loki had not been taken to be judged by the All-Father, since Her Majesty of Asgard did it right there and then.He flinched when she touched him, wrapping her hands around his still cuffed wrists, and she snapped them off with a bright glow of her magic simply to replace them with her long fingers. A small part of Loki felt eased by the familiar touch, a caress he remembered fondly from his childhood, when she would stroke his hair, let him play with her fingers, allowing their magic to mix; his green to her gold, and then they would watch as the colours danced.Thor Odinson wore red and silver - a symbol of his might, his power, his prowess, his strength. Loki wore green and gold, a symbol of his mother.Another part of him, significantly larger and rational enough to scream danger when it approached, was terrified by her, and wanted nothing more than to bat her hands away. Thor may wish to overreact to the slanders Loki pointedly let slip, but Frigga was an old god, influential and great in ways Thor could not dream to be, and she had no need to be defended by a child.What she could do, instead of take a hammer to Loki's head as her oldest son would do, was look him straight in his eyes, the same green he knew his own fake eyes to be modelled from, and send a shot of pure dread directed straight at his fight or flight response. All Loki wanted in that instance was flee from her sight and reach as she gently tugged him closer, and he knew it played on his face, his mindless panic and revulsion for her touch, and had she been a lesser woman she may have smiled victoriously upon seeing it."My son, how lost you've become," she whispered lowly into his ear.Loki stared over her shoulder to where Thor stood, the man confused at the look upon Loki's face. Either he h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jack Frost & Loki

freeform: 
familial bond

fandom: 
Jack Frost & Loki

