Work Text:

Now
“He needs to be executed,” Sara Little Light said. Her voice coming through the speaker of Stiles’ latest burner cell phone was flat and tinny, anger forcibly held in check.“He’s a United States Senator,” David replied, sounding exasperated. David had been repeating that line for the past hour and Stiles was getting sick of the reminder. He wasn’t the only one, judging by the sound Sara made.“He’s head of the Gallagher family and was behind the push in Congress to lift the gray wolves’ Endangered Species protections. While I’m sure farming and ranching associations lobbied for the change in status in a mistaken effort to protect what’s theirs, the Gallaghers are using it as an excuse to hunt not only wolves, but werewolves. They’re going after packs that haven’t broken the laws against harming humans in at least a few decades. My state isn’t the only one dealing with the slaughter of people under the guise of a trumped up law instead of a rigidly held code.”“Then maybe Montana should do what California did and put in state protections for the wolves.”“Not all of us are lucky enough to live in a liberal stronghold with our heads in the clouds,” was Sara’s acidic response.“Hey ,” Stiles cut in before the two could start fighting again. “There’s ten of us on the line and you two have been eating up most of the minutes of this call. We need to make a decision.”Nicole, Tiana’s mother and one of the higher ranking wardens in charge of the northeast, would usually handle this kind of call to hammer out the details of a high profile execution. Once Nicole learned who was up for sentencing though, she’d handed the problem to Stiles over a power lunch on Monday in the form of an encrypted flashdrive.His review of the files on it resulted in him not sleeping for two days straight.“I’ve put the Gallagher family on notice. Repeatedly. They’ve been warned but if there’s no follow through, that’s going to give other hunters ideas,” Sara said.“Not ideas, but carte blanche to ignore the codes they follow. If that happens, we’re going to be neck deep in bodies on both sides of this fight,” Javier said. The Floridian was one of the more conservative wardens on the conference call and had been demanding blood just as loudly as Sara.“My concern isn’t the proof. I don’t doubt what the Gallaghers are doing,” David said. “My concern is that you’re talking about executing a hunter who just happens to be a Senator.”“Being an elected government official shouldn’t be something Ted Gallagher gets to hide behind.”“You kill him, the hunters will see it as an execution but the rest of the country will see it as an assassination. Do you know what kind of heat that could bring down on us? Killing him won’t reverse Congress’ action in regards to the gray wolves.”“But it’ll protect the werewolves. It’ll bring back the status quo we had before this mess happened,” Sara stubbornly pointed out. “Quotas are handed out for gray wolves. It’s been open season year round for the werewolf packs in my state and they won’t stand for it much longer. We’ve already had some push back in the rural towns.”“Same,” several wardens from a few other western states agreed, their voices echoing on the line.“We need to approach this carefully. Our entire existence will be thrown into upheaval if this gets traced back to us,” David said after a long, tense moment where the only sound on the line was static.Stiles cleared his throat loudly. “I’m standing in for Nicole because she thinks this problem is one I can fix. I’ll take the job if no one else is comfortable handling it.”“Far be it from me to question your record, but I don’t think you have the ability to pull this off. I don’t know if any of us do.”“You’re a Park Ranger in Yosemite, David. I’m Tony Stark’s personal assistant. Trust me when I say I’ve got the connections for this execution that you don’t.”Someone made a surprised sound over the line but no one protested Stiles’ claim.“The job is yours,” Sara said quietly after a few seconds of silence. “Let me know what you need and I’ll provide what information I can.”“Good luck,” David bit out before hanging up.Static turned to dead air as everyone else on the conference call hung up. Stiles put the cell phone on his office desk in Avengers Tower, buried his head in his hands, and moaned. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”How was this his life?

*
Six years agoHigh school graduation was held on the field where they’d lost a lot of games and sweat and blood, and won their lives from the teeth of the alpha pack at the end of junior year. Stiles literally danced on a hidden grave or two in the field on graduation day (Erica grooved with Boyd over one in the corner by the goal post and Stiles didn’t begrudge them their dance moves at all) and his dad chalked it up to the excitement of the day while Melissa had an achingly relieved smile tacked onto her face.“Dude! We graduated!” Scott said, laughing, as he crashed into Stiles, knocking both their caps off their h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Allison Argent/Scott McCall

freeform: 
Magic!Stiles
Original Character(s)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Violence

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Allison Argent/Scott McCall

