Chapter 1: Time Waits for No Man
    


Notes:
As promised, my wonderful beta ravingbeauty has come through and is now working her way through this beast. So have a little patience and I shall being getting the new and improved version up as I receive new chapters! Big thanks to ravingbeauty for being so patient with me.




Chapter Text

 

 
“No. I cannot expect you to believe it. Take it as a lie--or a prophecy. Say I dreamed it in the workshop. Consider I have been speculating upon the destinies of our race until I have hatched this fiction. Treat my assertion of its truth as a mere stroke of art to enhance its interest. And taking it as a story, what do you think of it?”  ― HG Wells, Time Machine     He was insane. There was really no other way to describe him. He was loud, in your face, and he didn’t hold back anything. And at the same time he was courageous, patient, and generous to a fault –or so Steve Rogers was coming to realize. Most of all, though, Steve was beginning to realize he couldn’t get the amazing Anthony Stark off his mind. It was a dangerous pastime, he thought as he deflected yet another attack. “What’s going on down there, Spangles? Not on your game today?” a gentle voice teased over the com link. Others might not have known it from his tone, but the super soldier could tell Tony was worried. “Sorry,” he grunted, firing off his shield at another group of the electronic menaces.           Above the melee, keeping an eye out and blasting anything that looked remotely threatening to the man in blue spandex, Iron Man did his best to push aside his concern. The Captain seemed out of it today, like he was having trouble focusing. The sooner they ended this fight, the better off they were going to be. “Sir, there is a scrambled transmission coming through. I believe you had better listen.” Tony dodged out of the way as another robot blasted at him. “Put it through, JARVIS.” “-Only have one chance at thi-” Tony could faintly hear a male voice through the static. “Hold off as long as-” Tony frowned, his quick mind connecting the dots. The robots below were a distraction; something bigger was going down. “JARVIS, triangulate the source of the signal.” He took off as the AI brought up the location on his screen.            “Where is Stark going?” Clint yelled as he fired off another arrow. The exploding head detonated on impact; he’d have to thank Tony for the new design. “Not sure,” Natasha said, dodging out of the way of the Hulk as he roared laugher, swinging by with what had once been a machine in each hand. Steve, hearing the other two, looked up in time to see the gold and red blur take off. Where was he going? Steve was worried. “Stark, what’s going on?”  There was a pause before the man responded, “Something’s off, Cap. Headed to check it out.”           Moving quickly, Iron Man blasted through the side of the warehouse, hearing the Cap’s voice in his head chastising him for going in blind. He scanned the room as he stepped inside; the place was crammed with equipment. Tony blinked in surprise. “What the hell is going on here?” he mumbled. A wild-looking man in a lab coat furiously worked the controls as a slender, sinister man glared angrily at Iron Man. Something was off about the second man, but Tony had no time to place it.            What really caught Tony’s attention was the small sliver of blue sparking and throbbing at the heart of the machine – a part of the tesseract. “Oh, this is so not good…” Tony muttered to himself. Just then the sinister man stepped backwards into the machine. “You can’t stop this, Iron Man,” he yelled fervently, nodding towards the man in the lab coat. Tony only hesitated a moment. “What am I not going to stop?” he asked, voice tinny and echoing in the suit. The machine was booting up now, whirring to life, growing louder. The man in the suit grew more worried by the moment. “JARVIS, send my position to the others,” he muttered. The man laughed wildly as he spat out, “I’m going to kill him, Iron Man, before he even knows what he will become.”           Tony stepped forward, finally realizing what was off about the unknown man; he was wearing the same old-fashioned clothes Steve was so fond of. There was no way… his mind rebelled at the idea that had begun to form. “Say good-bye to Captain America,” the man spat as the blue pulsed, humming and alive, and a rift seemed to appear in the air.  Grinning maniacally, the man stepped through. Tony didn’t think, didn’t even stop to consider. He dived in after the man, his mind focused on one thing – he had to save Steve.           In the warehouse the rift closed. Shaking, the man in the lab coat stood by as the blue light flared then contracted before disappearing completely. The colossal machine slowly shut down, leaving him alone in the deafening silence. “Tony!”  A man in a torn and dirty red, white, and blue uniform rushed through the hole in the side of the warehouse. Shield in hand, he stumbled to a halt 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Fluff
Time Travel
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Feels
Smut
Action/Adventure
BAMF Tony
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

