Chapter 1: I Am for You
    


Summary:

I have to start this Loki fic with a genius comment my darling misreall made on my second story "Not Going To Happen" (It's a DomTom tale based mainly on Jaguar Villains.) I'd mentioned being relieved to have finally thought up something I wanted to try with Loki. This is only my third story in fanfic, so thank you for reading."And now, what I imagine is happening in your villainous lair.You go down to the deepest and most heavily fortified of your many layers of dungeon. At the end of a long dank hall way is a door secured by both the highest levels of technology and the darkest secrets of magic. You pass your hand over the lock and slowly the wooden barrier creaks open. Against the wall slumps a figure, draped moldering green velvet and raven hair. Its head slowly raises to reveal an ivory face of startling perfection and splendid madness. A vulpine grin crosses his thin lips."Hello Caf. I knew MY day would come."



Notes:
The story is AU, I liked the idea of making it pre-Avengers, but I couldn't make it work. Alternate Universe, my friends.




Chapter Text




 It's true that Loki was never one prone to self-examination.Certainly, not when there were hundreds of others in his immediate orbit that required evaluation for weaknesses and faults, for value, or for being of no use. But, if he'd thought back long enough, the second son of Odin would have seen the odds always fell in Thor's favor.Thor, the loud and brash eldest, always praised for his skill in battle, his popularity with the simpering females of any race, and the automatic assumption that HE, that blond lout- would be the one to rule Asgard and by default, the Nine Realms. By the time the pattern was clear, Loki was simply beside himself with rage. In the beginning, in his love for Thor, he allowed the eldest to take credit for his darker brother's work. As the years passed, battles were won, treaties signed and the power of Asgard grew under Loki's subtle guidance. But even when he stepped forward, the fawning courtiers and even his own father raced forward to heap praises on the foolishly grinning mug of Thor.It was easy, really. Despite the claims of Asgard's shining superiority to all the other realms, the populace there was just as blinded by the toothpaste-white smile and bulging muscles of Odin's firstborn. Not that Loki was without his admirers. Older women, in particular, intelligent females not so easily blinded by bellowing and the swing of a hammer saw the delicious possibilities in Odin's darker, more mysterious son. His sleek, muscled lines, the exquisite beauty of his fine-boned face, and the dark, vulpine smile were the defeat of many female's resolve. In fact, the younger Odinson lost his virginity before his brother- to a set of twins at court sent there to attend to his mother, Queen Frigga. But the afternoon they spent kissing and caressing a pleased adolescent Loki in the Royal Library certainly benefited one member of the Royal Family- at least that's how they decided to remember that gorgeous interlude after being sent home by Loki's furious mother. For a boy of 15, they often reminded each other, Prince Loki was certainly packing a kingly measure of cock.An organ that continued to grow along with the rest of Loki until he stood over 7 feet tall, ridiculously wide shoulders, long legs and leaner muscles than his brother's. But no one with even a bit of sense ever challenged the younger Prince to fight once word of his ruthlessness in battle and even in the practice ring spread. Beating and bruising bodies was one of only two ways Loki could let out his anger and frustration over the inexorable course that would lead to Thor's ascension. The other way was upon the willing forms of hundreds of females over the years. The night the brothers were called to a celebration dinner with their father and mother, it was easy to see that even under his kingly countenance, Odin was excited, triumphant even. "What do you know," he gloated, "of the Nagovisi?"Queen Frigga suppressed a smile. The negotiation with the Sisters of the Nagovisi was conducted nearly completely by her, but she allowed her husband his glee.Thor was halfway through a leg of roast boar, turning his guileless blue eyes up long enough to look around the table in question.Loki sighed, "Light Elves from Alfheim. They're an extension of the ruling family devoted to eugenics."His brother slammed down the boar leg with a roar. "Yes, Yes! I remember! They create the beautiful women- goddesses so perfect that everyone in power through the Nine Realms has negotiated for their gifts.""Precisely!" approved Odin. "These creations are the most beautiful of even the Light Elves, and as brilliant and kind as their finest minds can design. But there's more." He looked again to Thor, back deep into his dinner before giving up and turning to his youngest, who was leaning back in his chair and playing with his goblet of wine.Folding one long
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Love
brutal sex
Virginity
Bonding
Imprinting
Matriarchy
genetic manipulation
Eugenics
War
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Angst
Avenger Loki
Jötunn Loki
Light Elves
Odin is an asshole
Bondage
Dubious Consent
Body Modification
Alternate Universe
Dom Tom
Daddy Kink
Violence
Weapons
Fighting
Anal Sex
Infidelity
Biting
Bloodplay
Oral Sex
collaring
Twins
Mind Games
Mindfuck
BDSM
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Titans
Dark Elves
Ragnarok
Norns - Freeform
PTSD
Contraception spells
Spying
the Mad Titan - Freeform
Spanking
funishment
Thor is a jealous asshole
Torture
Attempted Sexual Assault
Yggdrasil - Freeform
Jormundgand
King Laufey - Freeform
The White Court Seeli
The Black Court Unseeli

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

