Chapter 1: Part I
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve was painfully, incandescently happy the day he saved Bucky Barnes.It was hard, to remember a point in his life when he had felt such…..singular emotion. One thing, and one thing alone. Untainted. Casting out, bleaching out everything else. It was like his heart was going to shake apart in his chest.He could feel nothing- not his scored knees from being dragged repeatedly across the deathly cold concrete floor, not his bruised shoulder blades from being smashed against the wall, not the thick, blackened blood seeping thin and constant from his nostrils, not the repulsor scorch marks over his twisted ribs.They were silent, as they staggered outside: the cold Siberian sun shining down bright and white on their shadowed lids. The steady crunch of snow under their boots the only sound- after their eardrums had gone deaf from anguished screams and whines and fists and metal hitting metal. Then they listed suddenly to the side- adrenaline had run out and Steve’s limbs had gone weak, and Bucky tumbled over and landed butt-first in the snow.They laughed.Their laughter was too soft, too raspy to challenge the yawning silence of the Siberian wasteland. Yet they laughed- up and up at the sky, and Steve thought of the memory of Bucky’s hand too far for him to reach and slipping into the abyss, and felt no pain. It was like a man with a chronic illness had woken up one day to find his eyes unclouded, the fever gone, the thrice-damned pain banished as if it had never been there in the first place. It felt wonderful.He felt his shoulders loosen, releasing the guilt of seventy years out into the thin, chilly air, and he let them fall back- let them hit the ground packed with snow and let his arms, unburdened by any weapon wave back and forth. Snow angel, he thought, giddily, and the snort from Bucky not a second later set his mirth free- again……..god. God. He’d never felt so grateful in his life.
IsavedhimIsavedhimIsavedhim-
“Captain?”The all-too familiar word, in an almost entirely unfamiliar accent caught him off-guard, and he jerked up, eyes flying open and fixating on a black figure in the surrounding white, not five hundred metres away. The Panther stood, helm off and tucked into the crook of his shoulder, shoulders pulled back straight and tight. He looked regal against the background, but somehow Steve’s addled mind kept focusing on the unimportant things, and how ice and snow didn’t look so ugly anymore.Not twenty metres away, Bucky stiffened- and just like that, Steve’s mind was clear: muscles curling in preparatory action, right arm rising slightly in defence (and that, was the first drop of something infiltrating the purity, the faintest sense of displacement and something not being the way it used to be and….saudade).T’Challa’s face was worn, lines upon lines drawn upon it as if hewn on stone- but there was the slightest curve to his lips at the visible reaction.“Allow me to help.”~ The happiness was still surging, strong and sure; so much that it barely registered a blip when barely forty eight hours after they’d crawled out of Siberia alive, Bucky told him that he wanted to be put back in ice.“I’m glad for anything you choose, Buck.” He said, hand on Bucky’s smoothened, metallic stump (it was the best even T’Challa could do, with the wires charred black and burnt to a crisp as they were…). “You’ve had that right taken away from you long enough.”It soothed something small and raw in his chest, the sight of Bucky’s exhausted lips pulling into a smile that somehow, remotely resembled peace. The erstwhile Soldier leaned back, the chamber clicked shut, and ice puffed over the glass.Steve smiled, and kept smiling as T’Challa reassured him that nothing could touch Bucky in here.Then. Then. Then the quiet began. ~ He jerked awake, the satin sheets sliding against the cold night sweat that soaked his limbs, lips parted in a silent scream. Sleep mocked him gleefully, beckoning him into its mindless embrace and then shoving him out, terror ringing in his ears and hands scrabbling down his chest to feel warm skin instead of cold meta-He winced, looked down- to see callused fingers pressing into purpled skin: there was a line of deep, vividly dark bruises congealing in a thick line, neatly bisecting his chest- darkest near the heart. His eyes clenched shut almost immediately in response, but then the nightmare images came back: Obie’s bald pate, mouth snarling and flecked with spittle, short and stubby fingers stretching towards the arc reactor except then the fingers started gleaming silver and metallic and-“Tones?”Tony opened his eyes and looked up, and Rhodey took a step in from the doorway, and buckled. Tony’s mind went white, and he kicked the covers off while scrabbling to clamber off the bed and reach across the expansive bedroom in time. They crashed into the doorway, and Rhodey’s pained, muted whimp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (mentioned)
Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter (mentioned)
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov (mentioned)
Tony Stark & Vision

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Civil War Fix-It
(kind of maybe)
civil war aftermath
Angst and Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Rhodey Feels
Peter Is Amazing
Angry Clint Barton
Bittersweet
Hopeful Ending
Bot Feels
Family Feels
Ableist slur at one point

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (mentioned)
Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter (mentioned)
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov (mentioned)
Tony Stark & Vision

