Chapter 1: When You’re Gone, I Wanna Go Too
    




Chapter Text
Darcy was walking in fog. She had been for the last month, ever since she’d found out about Phil. It had only taken a couple hours for Tony Stark to tell Jane they would fund her research one hundred percent so long as she moved into Stark Tower. Jane had looked around the damaged building and agreed. It had taken Pepper Potts less than four days to have all the proper paperwork signed and all of their belongings moved into the tower. It took another week for most of the damage done to the building to be repaired enough to make it livable and for the two women to move into the suites that had been designated for them in the upstairs “Avenger” portion of the tower.
Darcy had always been a vivacious girl; loud, playful, friendly. She was a force of nature and it was a big part of what had attracted Agent Phil Coulson to her in the first place. People who hadn’t known her before the Invasion didn’t know that though, all they could see was a slow, quiet, distracted young woman who seemed to zone out at odd times. She was working with a brilliant scientist and Tony Stark himself seemed to hover, so the SI staff let her oddities go and chalked it up to brilliance that had yet to show itself to the peons. The SHIELD Agents tried not to look at her even as they gossiped behind her back. Phil Coulson had been a legend after all, and this young woman had been his for all intents and purposes. 
Darcy spent her time making sure that her scientists were fed and watered, easily adding Tony and Bruce to the list just under Jane. If Phil wasn’t here to take care of Tony then Darcy might as well. When Jane opened the Rainbow Einstein Bridge or whatever to Thor-land things were going to change even more. Someone needed to be on top of it, someone that wasn’t Nick Fury because he had an agenda and those people didn’t need anyone else telling them when to move and where to go. 
She wasn’t deaf, dumb, or blind for all that sometimes she appeared to be, so she was pretty up to date on the rumor mill as well. She’d never been much for quiet, that had been Phil’s shtick, but she was starting to see its upside. People simply didn’t expect her to be paying attention when she wasn’t looking at them. She could open a book and stare at the same word for twenty minutes and know everything that was being said around her. Things like Phil being the one put in charge of the Avengers Initiative or Mary down in accounting having an affair with Bryan from HR. SHIELD agents were some of the worst gossips in the cafeteria.
The brunette dressed in her usual thrift-shop chic ensemble that morning; jeans, t-shirt, oversized boyfriend sweater, and keds. Then she pulled her hair up high on her head, wrapping it into a loose bun before heading to the kitchen. So far the only people that lived in the Tower were herself, Tony, Pepper, Bruce, and Jane. Two more were expected within the week, Hawkeye and Black Widow, as SHIELD was officially assigning them to the Avengers Initiative and Stark Tower. There was still no set date for Steve Rogers to be showing up, the man was exploring the changes in his world out in Brooklyn. Not that anyone was supposed to know that, but Tony liked to keep an eye on his team and he didn’t mind answering all of Darcy’s questions. Not that he would ever admit to caring about any of them.
She started a pot of coffee, knowing the no one else was going to be awake at half past five in the morning. Not unless they had been up all night working on some kind of science project and Darcy had chased them all out of their labs twice last night, she didn’t usually have to do it a third. It was something about puppy eyes and not wanting to make her worry. Maybe it was the dark circles around her own eyes? It didn’t matter, whatever worked could continue to work as far as she was concerned. The coffee finished and she poured two cups.  She stirred two teaspoons of sugar into one and left the other one bitter and black. She walked both cups over to the far table and left the one with sugar in front of a picture of Phil. Her very own little shrine, pitiful as it was. 
“He was a good man.” The voice was unfamiliar and made her shriek, turning and throwing the cup full of scalding liquid at the person before she’d even entirely realized that the voice belonged to a stranger. A stranger who should not have been able to get into the living quarters without Tony’s or Pepper’s permission. She had Phil’s coffee in her hands now and stared wide-eyed at the tall blond in front of her.
“Who the hell are you?” Her voice was high pitched and extremely loud in the open air of the large room Tony insisted on calling the breakfast nook. The man winced a bit as he pulled a now stained shirt away from his body, the broken pieces of the mug strewn about his feet.
“Darcy?” Pepper’s voice was calm, despite the background of a laughing Tony.  Darcy turned dark blue eyes on the redhead and then 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
Drama
Heartbreak
Character Death
Nick Fury Lies
Moving On
Hospitals
Healing
Crying
Rage
Fix-It
Character Death Fix
Manipulative Nick Fury
Fury Gets Tazed
BAMF Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson's Cellist
Phil Coulson's Trading Card Collection
Protective Phil Coulson
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis's Taser
Assistant Darcy Lewis
Protective Pepper
Protective Tony Stark
Jane Foster Super!Science
Science Bros
Bruce Banner & Natasha Ramanov are Twister Champions
Winter Soldier - Freeform
Bucky Barnes Returns
Past Natasha Ramanov/Bucky Barnes
Drunk Natasha

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

