Work Text:
Colonel Williams wasn’t such a bad guy.That was the conclusion Steve came up with when he rolled into the new camp the Commandos have been ordered to stay at before their next move. Colonel Williams, who was in charge of the small group of soldiers in place, had greeted them at the entrance and had allowed them to unpack their bags before taking a look around.Steve had finished early, something that Bucky had bitched about when it came to his super soldier stamina and speed. Steve simply snarked back that Bucky was just too lazy to clean up his own messes, which got him a knock on the head from his irritated best friend. He escaped the hooting tent before they could get into another scuffle that’ll ruin the notion that the renowned Howling Commandos were the perfect team instead of a bunch of crazy idiots who were just too stubborn to die.Williams was waiting for him outside, a bit nervous at meeting Captain America but still remaining cool headed enough to walk him around and talk about HYDRA’s movements being too active for both of their liking these days. It was relieving to meet someone who didn’t follow his heels and actually look him in the eye when talking to him, even if Steve was at least a foot taller.Their conversation was just dwindling down when a booming voice abruptly cut through the air like a sonic wave.“Hey you! Yeah, I’m talking to you, you piece of shit!”Steve faltered in his steps and couldn’t help but glance back. The voice sounded young, ridiculously young like someone barely out of his teen years, yet there was an undercurrent of steel in his barking voice, demanding attention like a leader, a commander-Steve turned and stared. And for the life of him, he couldn’t look away.The yelling man-kid, good god, was glaring daggers at one of the laughing soldiers. Flaming, unruly orange hair that was practically a beacon for unwanted interest blazed under the sunlight, a splotch of color in a painting it had no right to be in.It was the narrowed, burning brown gaze that was more eye-catching than his hair that fixated Steve’s attention. His angular face and slanting eyes made his ethnicity apparent for outsiders. Steve recognized the Asian descent from the kid, and marveled how straight the young man’s back was, how utterly unaffected he seemed from the disdainful looks he was receiving for his bellowing and race.The soldiers stuttered in their laughing and looked to the kid. The utter disdain and disgust that painted their faces made Steve’s hackles rise. The soldiers were barely a few years older than the kid, yet, Steve noticed with some surprise, the kid’s rank was above them. Steve noticed belatedly with a practiced, artist eye the stripes and buttons on the kid’s shoulders, marking him as a lieutenant.“Ya talkin to me?” the biggest of the soldiers growled, slamming his bowl of broth to the ground, sloshing the food everywhere. Steve felt his temper flare at the careless action. If there was anything the Depression taught him, was that food was precious and should never be wasted.The lieutenant scowled and crossed his arms, chin jutting fearlessly and barely managing not to encompass complete arrogance.“You deaf?” the kid growled, vowels lilting a bit with a barely present accent. “You had cleaning duty today you fucking bastard. Shoving your responsibilities on the rookie and sitting your pretty ass around these idiots is pretty fucking unfair, don’t you think?”The man’s face flushed red along with his friends and they practically leaped to their feet, their bodies tensing in obvious preparation to knock the kid’s head in.Without thinking, Steve took a step forward. Five against one were never fair odds and he never liked things not on equal footing. A hand on the shoulder stopped him and he turned to see Colonel Williams shake his head, a small smirk tugging at the end of the man’s mouth.“Relax Captain. The kid isn’t the one who’s going to need any rescuing.” He said with wry humor.He was right.In ten seconds flat, in a whirl of action that left Steve’s head spinning, five men were hitting the ground groaning with a sneering kid standing above them with a foot planted on one of the soldier’s chests. He didn’t even look winded.Right at that moment, the kid’s head jerked up and saw them. There was a flash of recognition in his eyes when he saw Steve but other than that, he dismissed him easily and slid his attention to the other commanding officer without a sparing thought.“I’m going to put these fuckers to work.” He said flatly. It sounded more like he was stating his intentions than asking for permission. Williams nodded at him and the kid grunted in acknowledgement at the accession. Without a hint of hesitation, the kid barked at some of the soldiers from the side to carry the soldiers to the barracks where they’ll be finishing up the chores. When asked about their wounds, the kid scowled even harder and simply said, “I only broke their mugs and egos, not their fucking bone
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kurosaki Ichigo & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America: The First Avenger
Dimension Travel
Alternate Universe
Steve Rogers is a piece of shit
Ichigo doesn't give a fuck anymore
Commandos laughing their asses off
Bucky the mother hen
"don't like bullies"
dear god theres two of them

fandom: 
Kurosaki Ichigo & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Howling Commandos & Steve Rogers

