Work Text:
Tony doesn’t realize that Clint is a sub until over two months after the rest of the Avengers move in. Even then, it’s because one day he’s knocking into Clint’s room so he can see Clint shoot some prototypes he has, and when Clint comes out he all but collapses into Tony’s chest. “What the – Clint?” Tony drops the arrows he’s holding so he can hold Clint up. Clint’s shaking in his arms, mumbling something incoherently. “JARVIS, call Bruce. What’s wrong with him?” “He’s… he’s going into a drop, sir.” Tony doesn’t want to admit it, but that takes a minute to process. “What?!” His mouth feels dry. “Clint’s – Clint’s a sub?” “Seems like it, sir. His hormone levels are definitely those of a sub going into a drop.” Tony decides to pursue the subject later. He kicks the arrows into the room, lets the door slide shut, and maneuvers Clint to the bed. He’s shaking worse now, and Tony curses. “Hey, hey, Clint, look at me.” Clint doesn’t – he instead whimpers and shakes his head. Tony puts a firm hand on the back of Clint’s neck and massages it, firm enough to be commanding but not strong enough to be forceful. “Look at me, Clint. There’s a good boy.” Clint’s shaking has gone down, but he’s still tense. “How long has it been since a dom put you down properly?” Clint whimpers, but Tony brings his other hand up to rub comfortably at Clint’s cheek. Clint leans into it. “I dunno.” Clint manages in a slur. “Before Loki.” “Before – Jesus Christ.” Tony doesn’t know any sub who can hold out over a month without being put down, and Loki was over three months ago. He decides to ask later. “Listen to my voice. Can you hear me?” Clint nods. “Good. I’m gonna take off your clothes, yeah?” Clint nods again. Tony tugs down the jeans and pulls off the hoodie. One thing he knows is that subs get sensitive when they’re down, and none of them like restrictive clothing. Clint sighs happily, snuggling into Tony’s hand when he brings his hand up again. “JARVIS, is he okay?” “Hormone levels indicate a normal down instead of a forced drop, sir.” Tony breathes a sigh of relief. He doesn’t take long getting to know when Clint likes when he’s down. Clint likes a firm hand on the back of his neck, gentle fingers ruffling his hair, soft commands instead of hard ones. Most subs get horny and start begging to be fucked – in fact that’s the most common way to put a sub down – but Clint isn’t one of them. (Tony doesn’t know to be disappointed or to be relieved.) Clint also likes having a handhold. He’s grabbing onto Tony’s elbows, his shirt, his shoulder, anything he can get his hands on. He can’t muster much strength while he’s down, of course, and his fingers stumble, but Tony pulls them back up and Clint sighs happily. “Wait, no.” Tony says, when he sees Clint’s eyes slide shut and his breathing begin to ease. “You can’t fall asleep, Clint. You’ll drop.” Tony knows the easiest way for a sub to drop is to fall asleep while he’s down. He tries to sit up, to keep Clint awake, but then JARVIS suddenly interrupts. “Ah, sir, Agent Romanoff is-“ And Natasha drops down. Tony stares. “Let him sleep.” Natasha says, and Tony’s jaw drops. “It’s his way of coming back up. He’ll be back up when he wakes up.” Tony stares, but Clint snuggles into him and decisively starts breathing evenly. “Are you serious?” Tony’s jaw drops. “This is incredibly dangerous.” Natasha doesn’t answer him. She looks over Clint, snuggled up against Tony’s side and still loosely hanging onto his wrist, and her lips quirk up. “Take care of him,” she says simply, and is gone before Tony can say anything at all. Tony’s going to have to fix JARVIS later. Coulson had hacked him before and Natasha can go around without getting noticed until the last minute – he doubts anyone else in the world has SHIELD technology and Natasha and Coulson’s genius, but still. Still, he spends the next few hours reading up on Clint. Clint’s listed as a dom in his files, which doesn’t really surprise Tony. He digs as far as he can go, but there aren’t any records listing Clint as a sub anywhere. Tony figures Clint got rid of the records as soon as he had the chance. He loops his arm around Clint’s head so he can hold his StarkPad and hold Clint at the same time. Clint mumbles in his sleep but doesn’t wake. Tony stays like that for a while until Clint finally stirs, moaning lightly. “You up?” Tony asks, half scared Clint isn’t. But Clint stretches like a cat and sighs happily. “Yeah.” He peeks up at Tony. “Are you – Were you okay with that?” Tony frowns. “You mean was I okay with putting down a sub who was totally pliant?” Clint laughs and buries his face in Tony’s chest. Tony makes a note to remember for next time that Clint likes post-down snuggling. If there is a next time. “Why didn’t you get put down for so long?” Tony decides to be blunt. He takes Clint’s lack of flinching as a good sign. “Natasha made it sound like she didn’t mind putting you down, and that she actually used to.” Clint says nothin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Underage Sex
Rape/Non-con References

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

