Work Text:
Frigga felt it when Loki let go.There had been the horrifying confusion, the terror of the frost giants invading all the way into the palace, harming her, threatening Odin. Loki had saved them all, or so she'd thought, and then Thor was returned from his banishment, and then… and then everything had fallen apart into chaos. Her sons fought, Loki a maddened creature, and it was only then that she realized just how badly he had taken the news of his heritage.Frigga was with Odin when he woke, sitting up with a gasp, his eye still bleary from his interrupted sleep. She stayed behind when he used his seidr to locate the boys. She stayed behind and prayed to the Norns, using her own seidr to watch. Loki was broken, she could see it with her inner eye, and how she wished she had taken the time to look at him thus before placing Gungnir in his hands.She could feel it when his desperation gave way to a deadly, calm resolve. She could feel it when Thor cried out in anguish.Could feel it when her connection to her younger son was abruptly severed.He was gone. He was gone. He was gone.Loss and grief drove Frigga to her knees, there in Odin's bedchamber; yet, as a queen, she could not wail and moan and draw attention to herself. She doubled over, her face buried in her knees, as her heart broke for her son.Gradually, however, her wailing heart ceased to cry out, "Why?"—ceased to cry it, and began to demand it.Why, indeed? What had brought Loki to such a pass? How had Thor returned so soon from his banishment? What had possessed Odin to deny his son in that manner and in that moment?Grief had driven her to her knees; determination brought her back to her feet.She would have answers, this day.
 Frigga was waiting on the palace steps when her husband and remaining son returned. Odin was leaning heavily on Thor's shoulder, while Thor had tears running down his cheeks and an expression of complete loss—grief coupled with bewilderment and confusion—etched on his features."Where is Loki?" she asked, though she knew the answer. Had not seen him fall, but had felt his resolve in the moment before her connection to him vanished."He…" Thor's face crumpled, and he could not answer."He was lost," said Odin. To his credit, he sounded old and heartsore, underneath the stoicism he wore like a mantle. Or perhaps Frigga was reading too much into his tone, hearing what she wished to hear."Lost," said Frigga. "How?""It is my fault," said Thor, and Odin did not refute him."The Bifrost Bridge is destroyed," said her husband. "There was an explosion, and Loki fell.""Is that what happened." Both her men stopped and looked up, finally detecting something in her tone. "He fell. Purely unintentionally."Odin stared at her for a long moment before his eye closed, and he swayed on his feet. "No.""No," agreed Frigga.Odin's knees buckled, and Thor scrambled to hold him up. "Father?""The Odinsleep was interrupted," said Frigga. "Your father needs to return to his rest and complete it properly, lest he sustain damage from the disruption."Thor nodded. "I… I am ready, Mother—""No. You are not." Frigga reached out a hand, and Gungnir flew to her grasp as Odin's eye widened. "You are in shock, and only just returned from your banishment. You need time to grieve, and to readjust now that you have supposedly learned your lesson.""Supposedly?" Ah, and it was just like her elder son to be distracted from more important matters by a blow to his pride."We shall speak on this matter later," said Frigga. "For now, aid your father. Take him back to his chamber, and stand watch while he reenters the Odinsleep."

Hlidskjalf, the throne of Asgard, was possessed of mighty enchantments, allowing the rightful ruler to see all that occurred within the realm.
For an accomplished seidkona like Frigga, it would do even more.After surveying her realm, the queen looked into the past. She followed Loki, followed him to Jotunheim, followed him farther back, to Midgard, to his encounter with the Warriors Three and the Lady Sif; followed him farther still, to the moment on Jotunheim where he discovered what he was.His encounters with Heimdall and the Warriors gave her pause, so after she had caught up to the present with Loki (Loki! her heart cried out), she turned Hlidskjalf's gaze to them. Followed them back, and observed their deeds and their words.She had her answers, soon enough.Determination gave way to rage.

"Hlin," she called, approaching her chambers. Behind her, the Einherjar were scrambling to keep up, but she left them in the corridor as she called again. "Hlin!"
"My queen.""Summon my handmaidens," said Frigga. "All of them. And the Valkyrie besides.""My queen?""Asgard has need of you. One of you, to be precise, but I know not yet which."Hlin bowed, and vanished.

The queen strode into the healing wing of the palace, watching as eyes widened at the sight of Gungnir in her hand, as people fairly leapt from her path and dropped into bows or curtseys.
"Eir," sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Awesome Frigga
BAMF Frigga
Parent Frigga
POV Frigga
I realize there are a lot of tags for Frigga
but that's because they all apply
Queen Frigga - Freeform
Frigga has had enough of your shenanigans
Loki was not the villain
Fix-It

fandom: 
None
