Chapter 1: Your Trust is in Whiskey and Weed and Black Sabbath
    




Chapter Text

I'm feeling miles away

You think I've got it made

I don't belong here

I'm feeling like a candle burning at both ends

I don't belong here

 

Now I hide myself away

I never wanna feel again

Cause I faced this all alone

I let it seep and wash away now

It's all the same

And what I have I have in mind

And I think about you all the time
 
- Got It Made, Seether

~
 “Are you sure you gave me the right assignment?” Steve pinched his phone between his ear and shoulder, frowning down at the folder in his hand.“Yes, Captain Rogers,” the voice of Nick Fury – head of Shield, the private security firm Steve worked for – said over the line.“I’m not a captain anymore,” Steve said for the umpteenth time, “I’m just Steve now.”“Well, Just Steve,” Fury said in exasperation, “I am sure I gave you the right assignment. Now get to work.”“Alright, thanks, Nick,” Steve said and ended the call. He stared at the file. Being ex-special forces meant that Steve usually got assigned as bodyguard to politicians and dignitaries. This time though, his client was James Barnes. And honest-to-god rock star. Even Steve, who was utterly ignorant of rock music, knew who James Barnes was. He was notorious for living the clichéd ‘sex, drugs and rock ‘n roll’ lifestyle that was better suited to the eighties. James Barnes was a wreck, and Steve wasn’t sure he felt good about being his bodyguard. Steve wasn’t even sure why he would need a bodyguard. The few pictures Steve had seen of him showed a man who was nearly as tall as Steve and in just as good physical shape.Steve, however, knew he had no choice in the matter, not if he wanted to keep his job. And Nick had never yet made a bad call when selecting clients, so there was no reason for Steve to go against him. Instead, Steve called his housemate and friend. “Sam,” Steve said seriously when Sam answered his phone. “I’ve been assigned to James Barnes.”“Who?”“James Barnes, man. The guy from Siberia, the band? You’re always going on to Nat about how she thinks he’s hot and she threatens to dismember you?”“Oh! That guy. But you don’t even like rock music.” Steve did not like rock music, that much was true. He thought it was noisy and messy and belonged in dive bars. Which was why, in the days leading up to him being shipped off to Holland to stand guard outside a door while James Barnes enjoyed his drug-fuelled orgies during their European tour, Steve played Mario Kart with Sam and Nat and Clint, instead of listening to the get-to-know-your-client package that Shield had sent over. “You cheating asshole!” Clint screamed at Natasha, throwing down his controller.“Blue Shells are not cheating,” Natasha said serenely, a small smile tugging at the corners of her mouth.“They damn well should be,” Clint muttered angrily as he stomped to Steve and Sam’s kitchen. He was still muttering when he came back laden with cold beer and Doritos. Steve grinned happily, content with second place, and watched Sam and Clint strategize on how to take Nat out in the next round. He was going to miss this. It was easily the worst part of his job, having to be away from home for long periods of time. Still, he got to see the world, so it wasn’t all bad. He tried not to think about his packed suitcases or his early morning flight as he played video games with his friends. He was so determined to have a good time while he still could, he even let Clint win a couple of races. Sam woke Steve up at half-past-too-damn-early and drove him to the airport.“Get their autographs for me!” Sam squealed as they said goodbye. “They’re my very favourite band and I want their babies!” His voice reached an octave that made Steve’s ears hurt – and made everyone in a two-mile radius look at them like they were crazy.In retaliation, Steve grabbed Sam around the waist and peppered his face with kisses. “Oh, I’m gonna miss you soooo much my wittle boo-boo baby!”“Ugh, get off me man, that is not cool!” Sam pushed Steve away, but he was laughing and Steve counted that as a victory. The flight was uneventful, if a little uncomfortable (airplanes just weren’t designed for people as big as Steve) and so was the car ride through the darkened streets of Rotterdam. The hotel they stopped at was classy, all glass and metal architecture and Steve was met in the lobby by a blonde with a warm smile who introduced herself as Sharon.“How was your flight?” she asked as they stepped into the elevator. She pressed the button for the penthouse.“Fine, thanks,” Steve mumbled. He pushed his hands into his jacket pockets, wishing that the hotel staff hadn’t taken all his luggage and left him awkwardly empty handed.“That’s good. Do you get carsick?”The question took Steve a little by surprise. “No, ma’am.”Sharon smiled. “That’s good. You’ll be travelling with Mr Barnes on his bus for the European dates.”“Yes, ma’am.”“And please call me Sharon, I’m not a million years old.”Steve g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Rock Band
Drug Use
Alcohol
Tattoos
Sexual Content
Canon-Typical Violence
Bandom - Freeform
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Alternate Universe - Bodyguard

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

