Chapter 1: We Are Gathered Here Today
    




Chapter Text
Darcy wasn’t certain what to expect, but she knew that being called to the Director’s office for a meeting, and arriving to see an agitated Captain America sitting there across from Coulson probably wasn’t a great thing. Thoughts of being interrogated SHIELD-style or banished to a far corner of the earth flitted through her head. She gave Steve a small nod and turned her attention to the man sitting across the desk, “Son of Coul. How’s it going?”Phil just gave her his unimpressed Agent stare and motioned for her to sit in the chair beside Steve. While not officially a SHIELD agent, which, totally fine with her, by the way, Darcy did get a paycheck from the mysterious agency. After Phil and his little group of misfits had recreated SHIELD, she’d sort of fallen into the role of liaison between the group and the Avengers.It was mostly because she’d gotten pretty good at it when Jane was still under SHIELD’s thumb. That, and she was pretty sure Coulson liked her. Well, liked may have been too strong of a word, she was a serious pain in his ass. But he knew her and knew that she was reliable. After awhile of playing middle man, Coulson had come to her with the proposal of making it permanent with a paycheck and everything.Darcy was not one to throw away a paycheck for something she was already doing for free. So, while Darcy was now SHIELD’s (paid) bitch, getting called in by the big guy wasn’t an everyday thing. It wasn’t long, however, that the reason that Darcy was called into Coulson’s office became clear.“You want me to go back to my hometown? Oh, please no.”Coulson had on his reasonable voice, “It’s a ready made story. You returning home won’t raise any red flags.”“Oh, yes it will. I hate that place. Ugh, I’m gonna see everyone I went to high school with. And you know who else is in my hometown? My mother,” Darcy groaned, “Torture, Phil. That’s what this is.”“That is a bit dramatic, Miss Lewis.”“Maybe, but it’s still true. My mother is a living hell-beast. And my father’s not much better. And those assholes I went to high school with? The worst!”Phil just arched an eyebrow and waited until Darcy finished her rant. After she collapsed against the side of her chair, the very picture of defeat, he cleared his throat and spoke again, “As I was saying. We would certainly appreciate your cooperation.”Darcy cocked her head, “Is this like a New Mexico hey-we’re-here-to-steal-all-your-stuff kind of cooperation, or do I actually have a choice this time?”Phil looked her in the eyes, and she saw the sincerity there, “You have a choice. But I’m hoping you’ll make the right one.”Darcy sighed, her resolve disappearing. A guilt trip was bad, but it was better than being forced to do something she hated. She knew that if Phil really needed her for this, she would do it. Kicking and screaming and complaining, probably, but she’d do it. She was about to make her demands for agreeing to Phil’s plan when Steve spoke up, “This is a bad idea.”Phil just took a deep breath and once again outlined his list of reasons why, yes, it was a good idea. Steve listened patiently, his face stern and unmoving. When Phil concluded his reasoning, he clasped his hands together and sat them on the desk, waiting patiently for the inevitable argument Steve was going to make.Steve leaned forward and spoke as if Darcy weren’t even in the room, “She could ruin the whole mission, she isn’t trained to be a field agent.”Kinda true, but also very rude, Steve.“While she may not be trained for a situation such as this, I myself do not doubt that Miss Lewis is perfectly capable of handling herself. I would not have suggested bringing her into this if I thought it was a bad idea. Not to mention, her tech skills will be an asset in the field.”Darcy shot him a small grin- praise from Phil was a rare thing and she was actually kinda touched. Steve took a deep breath but didn’t respond. He still didn’t look very happy. Darcy cleared her throat and spoke up, “Umm, while I’m so not thrilled at the prospect of being in my hometown again, if you need my help I’m in.”Phil nodded and launched into an explanation of what the mission would involve. The op itself wasn’t too complicated. The suspected Hydra facility was a sort of hub for various members passing through. A place for secret meetings and all manner of evil plan-making. The rub was that the building looked like any old office building, namely because that’s what it was.The second floor was rented out as office space to legitimate businesses, meaning that there was a constant flow of people in and out. Hydra had the bottom floor with extensive security. It was part of the reason this Hydra base had flown under the radar for so long. SHIELD was used to the big dramatic Hydra bases, carved into mountains or on sprawling estates. Hidden away in a plain, nondescript office building was not the usual Hydra move and it had served them well for quite a while.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake Marriage
Family Drama
Undercover Antics
Eventual Smut
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

