Chapter 1: Tony POV 1
    




Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)  Tony's hand slipped on the wrench and the ray skewed. In another universe, maybe the photon accelerator would have sliced a tool rack in half; sparks and smoke, but no real harm done.This universe wasn't so lucky. Everything happened at once, overlapping sensory inputs that froze Tony in place, horrified.The ray slid down and struck a piece of trash- a blob that looked like a failed early polymer experiment- that he'd tossed out of his father's trunk. It glowed glaringly bright and blue. The hair on Tony's arms bristled. A sharp ozone and lemon scent burned his nose. There was a buzzing noise, rising. The glow expanded."SIR!" Jarvis exclaimed. There was a wave of heat/cold, pressure/suction. And then.Nothing.  "Sir?" Jarvis asked, shrill and basso, chipmunk chitter and lion roar, all confused together with a jagged background static noise. There were shapes formed of broken black and white streaks, yellow and blue glitter that fled when he tried to get a better look.Tony's vision was fuzzy. His hearing was going in and out. He tried to get up. Tried to move his hands. Tried to blink. Tried to breathe. Panicked and couldn't even feel his heart race. "Jarvis! Um, Jarvis. I think we may have a slight problem here." Tony was calm, so calm, he was going to analyze the situation logically. Uh huh. Sure he was."As you say, sir." Sounds were normalizing. That is, everything still sounded strange, but the background noise... wasn't noise in the literal sense of irregular, meaningless fluctuations. It was binary in its purest form of electric impulse, lack of impulse, ones and zeroes. "What the hell happened?" Maybe this was a dying hallucination as his neurons fired randomly. "I would not care to hazard a guess, sir. I am redirecting protocols to give you access to external sensory input.""What?" There was a swirl around Tony, a cloud of blinding glitter like an optical migraine. Before he could complain it cleared and he saw the familiar HUD of the Mark III. "Huh." He was in the suit, when did that happen? Did he black out and put the suit on without remembering it? Was the palladium affecting his mind now? Tony shifted, took a step, turned and looked around. The workshop was a mess, smoke hanging in a haze, sparks spitting randomly from a rather large crater in the middle. "The photon accelerator?" The HUD was showing normal levels of background radiation, which was nice. Radiation poisoning added to heavy metal poisoning really would be just a little too much proof that the universe hated Tony Stark."Appears to be in a nonfunctional state, sir.""Well, crap. Do we have enough materials on hand to repair it, or build another?" Tony stomped around, crunching debris underfoot as he took stock of the situation. Good thing he'd sent DUM-E and U to their charging stations at the far end of the garage. "I do not believe so, sir.""Great. Well," Tony said as he picked up a cable and moved it aside, "on the bright side, Pepper's mad at me, so she won't come back to see this before I clean up the mess. And Rhodey's showing off his new kick to the Air Force, so there's no one gonna nag me for being reckless. Which I wasn't!" Tony said quickly. "I had it all figured out. This was just... a little road bump. Look, just get me out of the suit and I'll go call the suppliers.""I'm afraid that will not be possible, sir."Tony waved away the smoke. "The disassemblers were damaged? Please tell me I'm not gonna have to rely on DUM-E's skill with a screwdriver." Jarvis didn't immediately reply. "Jarvis? Jarvis, what... what aren't you telling me?"The desktop monitor lit up. "If you would look at the monitor, sir..." Gentle. Jarvis sounded gentle. Tony had a really, really bad feeling about this. He turned to face the monitor directly. Jarvis had turned on the in-built camera so it showed Tony in the Iron Man suit."So? Suit looks ok, what am I looking at?" There was a sinking cold feeling in Tony's mind, but no real feeling. "Why am I in the suit, Jarvis?" The suit had emergency provisions for severe injury; tourniquets, pain killers, topical numbing agents, even nerve blocks. He hadn't actually experienced them, but he suspected he was, right now. And he further suspected that he was beyond medical help, or Jarvis would have flown the suit to the nearest hospital instead of chatting about the condition of the workshop. "Jarvis?"The faceplate of the helmet slid up. "I am sorry, sir," Jarvis said, but Tony wasn't listening. There was no face inside the suit. No head. Just... metal and circuits.  "That's... that's all the readings you got?" Tony had been in the suit for hours, and he kept thinking he should be uncomfortable, should be hungry, should be thirsty, definitely s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
No Sex
Iron Man 2 AU
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Avengers AU
POV Alternating
No Thor
Happy Ending
Crack Treated Seriously
Self-Imposed Isolation
Tony Angst
Steve Angst
Time Travel
Bot Feels
Tesseract Feels
Inspired by Art

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

