Work Text:
The mission started off perfectly. The worst ones always did, Steve found himself thinking with a somewhat rueful tone as it shattered around his ears. It was that perfection, the terrifying ease at the beginning of the mission, that got them too confident, too careless. One should have never been careless, he reminds himself, but it's too late to think that now, it was already too late to think that when he saw Tony get smacked out of the sky by the giant bipedal turtle like he were nothing but a particularly bright-colored fly.It had taken all his self-control not to abandon his post and run over right then and there, instead asking for Tony over the comm link, mentally charting off each of their positions, figuring out who would be the closest to him. There was a brief, terrifying moment of silence before Tony answered, and Steve was sure his heart was going to stop."I'm fine," Tony's voice came in then, tinged with pain, and Steve wasn't sure if that was better or worse or the silence. "A bit beat up, but I'm all in one piece.""And how bad is 'a bit battered up?'" Steve knew all too well Tony's tendency to brush off any concerns about his well-being, no matter how legitimate they might have been."Pretty sure I'll get off with nothing worse than a few bruises. The armor's pretty banged up, though." Tony threw that out like it was nothing but a minor annoyance. "I think one of my main repulsors is bust. Not sure if I can fly safely, but I can sure try.""No." Steve frowned, not that Tony could see it. "If it's not absolutely safe, you're not flying.""You can't bench me now, Steve. You need me in the battle. Don't try to tell me you don't.""I don't need you to crash into something head first." Steve made sure not to let his voice waver even though his heart clenched at the mere thought. "Take the damn suit off if the temptation's too great otherwise; you're off the field if your repulsors aren't at a hundred percent.""You think I don't know my own tech? Seriously, Cap. This is my tech. You think I don't know what it can do?""I think you have roughly the same level of self-preservation instincts as a particularly suicidal mayfly," Steve replied wryly. "Call in a spare suit or whatever, you're not risking your damn life on a damaged armor.""But risking it in a functioning one is just fine?" The annoyance was clear in Tony's voice. "If you've missed it, our battles aren't exactly safe, well, ever.""Just listen to Cap for once, Stark," Clint's voice came in through the comm. "That thing already smacked you down once, when you at least technically had full dodging ability. Without full flight control you'll fare about as well as a beer can in a frat party." Steve wasn't even going to ask."Even you, Merida?" Tony snorted. "Fine. Don't come crying to me when you all end up as turtle food."Knowing Tony, he'd probably be back on field in roughly five minutes with nothing but his repulsor gloves or something equally idiotic, but Steve chose not to comment on that. There was no reason to give him any more ideas.Forcing the niggling worry to the back of his mind, he turned his attention back to the battle. Nevertheless, it wasn't until Tony soon checked in to tell that he was out of the armor, really now Steve you're being such a stubborn bastard, oh and he was just stepping aside to see if he could fix the repulsor in time to make a grand comeback before the battle was over, that he could again breathe more or less freely.Of course, now they still had to handle the actual battle. It was quickly going south even before losing one of their heavy hitters but hey, they'd done worse. They'd done a lot worse.The good thing with Tony being out of the battle was that the turtle didn't have a bright, shining target flitting around its head, just begging to be attacked. It didn't really seem to have much awareness of what was going on at its feet, which was good news for Steve and Natasha, who were mainly working at ground level, hitting at its feet with all they had. Thor and Hulk kept bouncing up at the huge body, trying to get its balance off, while Hawkeye mainly provided surveillance in Tony's place, perched on a nearby building and conveying his information to the rest of the team. Steve was quite happy to leave most of the coordination work for Coulson; it left him with the time to focus on actually fighting the thing, the agent's steady voice a calming presence in his ear.Then Thor finally got a big blow at the creature's head and it started listing, falling right toward the building Hawkeye was perched on, and the calm, steady tones gave way for a second's distressed call of, "CLINT!"There was a moment during which nobody spoke, waiting for the rumbling noise to calm down, hoping beyond hope to hear something over the comm. Steve was already running, knowing he wasn't the only one. Even so, he wasn't the first one at the scene. Somehow Coulson had already made it there from wherever he had been hiding, climbi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Phil Coulson
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Clint
Possessive Behavior
Injury
Protective Phil Coulson

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

