Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The phone was still there. He'd checked about three times in the last hour so he was pretty sure it was still there, right in the third draw of his desk he'd hidden it in. It was still there. Definitely.It wouldn't hurt to check one more time though.Screech. Tap.Yup. Still there.Staring at the outdated flip phone in his hand for the fourth time now in the hour was Tony Stark, the most exhausted and quite honestly, strung out human currently making amends with the government. Well making amends was kind of a nice way of saying he was trying to keep them from setting his compound on fire. Because they were that close to storming the place and demanding some answers. His voicemail was kind of being owned by Ross right now.'Mr.Stark this is General Ross, you are being called in for your statement by the UN in two weeks time.''Mr. Stark, it has been a week and you have not yet given correspondence as to whether or not you will be meeting with the UN to discuss recent events regarding Captain Rogers and the remaining avengers.' 'Stark, you missed the meeting and the UN are filing a case for disregard of the law. This can be avoided if you simply disclose information. Where is the location of Captain Rogers and the avengers? We know you must have had some form of contact with him.'The first message had come through three days after Tony had gotten the letter and phone from Steve. And the last message had come through five days ago so it had been twenty-two days since he'd been given the phone. And hadn't so much as turned it on. Instead, the moment he'd finished reading the letter, he'd grabbed it and chucked it into the nearest empty draw on his desk and wandered off to spend some time with Rhodey during physio. That same night he'd walked passed the desk and wandered up to his bed only to remember that the letter was still on his desk in plain sight. And come to think of it, so was the shield. And that phone was still in the draw. Which was why, twenty-two days later, Tony was standing by the same desk that had been reinforced with steel alloy locks to prevent anyone from opening it without a his fingerprints. As Tony placed the phone gently back into its designated compartment of the desk, he thought about the letter and what Steve had planned. He wouldn't have written that letter otherwise and he wouldn't have given him a phone which he could easily use to track him. Surely Steve knew that he could do it with just a phone call? He wouldn't even have to say anything, he could just ring it and wait for someone to pick up. It was so simple. And yet he hadn't. Tony hadn't told Ross or the UN or any government body about it-he didn't dare after the stunt they pulled with the prison cells for his team, his family. After that, he couldn't trust the government and neither could Rhodey or Vision since they also hadn't mentioned the phone to anyone. Although Rhodey did tend to call him Tony Stank nowadays. Thanks a lot, post guy. "You actually gonna use that at some point or are you just gonna stare at the steel for another month?" Tony turned around and stood up when he heard the familiar voice and took a deep breath. He was greeted with a familiar face he hadn't seen in a month and for some reason, it made him smile slightly. "You shouldn't be here Natasha." The Black Widow smiled back at him calmly before walking up to him to face him. She looked well with all the things that had happened and Tony guessed she was probably enjoying her time with Clint's family. That's where she said she'd gone after the whole mess. Probably because she thought Clint would go back there soon enough. Ignoring the pleased but confused look on his face, she put her hand on his cheek gently and looked at him carefully."Tony, how are you? Are you alright?" That actually caught him off guard for a minute and his smile faded. Was he alright? How was he? "Well...I miss people... but I'm fine, how are you? Kids still treating Aunt Tasha well? They dress up as black panther for a birthday party yet?" His earlier genuine smile had somehow molded into a fake PR one that actually felt so brittle he was worried it would break right there and then. He couldn't afford to have another breakdown here. He'd already had enough of those to last a lifetime and besides, Natasha was concerned about him. That had to mean something. Natasha, however wasn't looking very pleased at all. She just sort of glared hard at him and dropped her hand from his face before pointing at the draw behind him. "Why haven't you used it yet?" "Used what?" "The phone that Steve sent you. You could at least check it works." His hands shook as he clenched them and his heart skipped a beat. A rush of fear shot through him before he calmed down and remembered. This was Nat, his friend who was on his side more or less. It was okay if she knew about the phone as long as no one else did. "H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt Tony
Protective Steve Rogers
Kidnapping
Civil War Fix-It
Hugs
Tony Needs a Hug
Rescue
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Steve Rogers
Angst with a Happy Ending
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Sickfic
Sick Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

