Chapter 1: Theoretical Concepts
    




Chapter Text
The genie was aware that humans existed, living their lives under the sun and the moon. One specific human, who was the particular focus of his life, was currently a reassuring weight across his chest.Genies weren't naturally confined to a physical form, had to create one, spinning it out of power and magic. Bucky had chosen to keep this body, flawed as some might think it with only a single arm, because it was the body that knew Steve.The thing about bodies, he'd discovered, was that the touch of skin against skin could drive you a little mad, could make you lose yourself entirely.  He'd understood human sexuality in the theoretical—you don't grant wishes for a thousand years without gaining a thorough understanding of the human obsession with sex—had recognised his strange physical need for Steve, like nothing he'd ever felt.It had in no way prepared him.The first time, he'd lost control of his magic, stared up at Steve with wide, surprised eyes. Steve had laughed, the sound pure joy, kissed him as the golden fire of Bucky's power surged out of him, as the flames had risen high to wreathe them in heat and light.Steve, content and sleepy, his breath a cool whisper across Bucky's throat, shifted as if he was going to move off him. Bucky wrapped his arm tight around his waist and, when Steve glanced up, frowned. It simply made Steve smile and settle back across him. "I guess I'm not moving?""No." He sounded almost grumpy, but his mouth was curving and he kissed the top of Steve's head and ran one hand slowly up his spine, tracing the familiar line of his back. "Good thing you're comfortable," he said on a sigh, tipping his head sideways and rubbing his cheek against Bucky's chest.Bucky didn't reply, just kept moving his hand slowly up and down Steve's back, thinking. It was strange that this was when his mind worked the most. Here, in the stillness and the quiet, Steve safe and warm against him, no barriers between them, his thoughts flowed like fire.He felt Steve begin to drift off, his heart slowing, his breathing becoming deeper. Bucky would stay until Steve was soundly asleep then would leave to follow his own pursuits. Steve was adamant that Bucky act on his freedom; Bucky had learned arguing with Steve was usually futile if Steve thought he was arguing for Bucky.He would leave soon.Bucky ran his fingers gently along the line of Steve's jaw and smiled as, even in his sleep, Steve shifted to press against his hand.Probably.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Genie/Djinn
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Skinny Steve
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
genie Bucky Barnes
Artist Steve Rogers
POV Multiple
Bisexual Steve Rogers
this isn't one story
it's a collection of one-shots
tying up those loose ends
maria hill is only here for like 5 seconds sadly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

