Work Text:
The time he stole his steering wheel (right out of his fucking hands while he was very much driving and trying to avoid being killed Steve it's not funny in hindsight).Every single time Sam gets into the driver's seat of their car (a single vehicle provided by their benefactor, because apparently they come as a set now and Sam's not sure when he agreed to that) the Trauma Twins exchange a look, being extremely unsubtle about the fact they're only not commenting because Sam will actually murder them both, and he doesn't need that in his life. He's already stuck calling his mom on burner phones and trying to figure out what the fuck Wakandan food is (maybe the last place on Earth McDonald's hasn't hit, to be fair), he doesn't need running jokes from these assholes on top of that.It's made worse by the fact he's the de facto driver for their little party, since Bucky's only got one arm now and Steve can't be trusted with anything bigger than a motorcycle ("Anything bigger than a tricycle, Sam. You didn't see him in the war, you think anyone ever taught this asshole to drive?" "'Scuse me for being too busy kicking Nazi ass to 'signal' my 'turns' or whatever." "I wish I'd never taught either of you finger quotes."). That means at least once a day he gets the 'I'm trying really hard not to make a Jesus take the wheel joke' look, and it gets old really fucking fast.Bucky can kick the back of his seat all he wants, he's not riding shotgun. For some reason Sam finds him very distracting.
The time he ripped off Sam's wing and kicked him off a helicarrier. 

The time he picked Sam up by his face and threw him across the room. 
Yeah, okay. The kid was brainwashed both of those times. But that doesn't mean Sam's going to let being picked up by the face slide anytime soon. He doesn't bring it up, because Bucky gets that guilty look on his face whenever someone mentions something he did when he was out of his mind (which happens more often since they've been here, because it turns out there are endless triggers planted in his brain that he has no idea about). It eventually comes out when the Wakandan specialists are studying the security footage of the fight they've acquired to see if there are any clues to the trigger, and then there it is on the big screen: Sam getting picked up by the face and tossed aside like a ragdoll.Bucky doesn't say anything at the time, studying his remaining hand like he's too ashamed to look anyone in the eye, but there's a wilted-looking sunflower and a card on Sam's bedside table when he gets back to the house that night. Which, y'know, former assassins creeping in his room isn't a huge invasion of privacy, or anything.Sorry I used your face as a handle and tried to kill you and stuff is scrawled messily inside the card, which totally doesn't make Sam smile. He doesn't keep the sunflower until it's totally past dry and dead either. Definitely not.
The whole Wakanda thing. 
Sam isn't exactly ungrateful to not be rotting away in some supermax penitentiary where the guards are definitely more racist than usual and the food is a punishment in itself. He's obviously happy to be able to walk outside every day and do whatever the hell he wants, within reason. But Wakanda is a lot, to put it bluntly. It's loud and busy in the capital city, and the crush of people and endless noise doesn't do Sam's PTSD any favours.His life has changed dramatically since he started working with the Avengers, but he had his home routine worked out to manage his symptoms and things were pretty much as stable as usual. Now everything is new, different and potentially threatening, and it's not like Sam can call his therapist from the burner phone. But he's stuck here because of Bucky, because this is where he can get treatment (and Steve won't leave him and Sam sure as hell won't leave the two of them to get weird and co-dependent on their own because the world wouldn't survive), which he doesn't exactly resent but. It's not a picnic.He doesn't realise anyone has noticed him struggling until Bucky leans over the table at the café they've stopped in to grab lunch before a meeting. They're trying to hash out some kind of deal with the Wakandan government, shelter for the fugitive Avengers in return for letting their enhancements be studied (without turning Wanda into a lab rat, that's the issue), and Sam is already twitchy after a long week of meetings in rooms with way too many windows and only one exit."Switch with me, put your back to the wall." Bucky gestures with his head, expressionless in that weird way he doesn't seem to do anything with his face unless he consciously thinks about it, and Sam doesn't bother questioning the instruction before he moves.Bucky's not super steady on his feet since he lost the arm, still adjusting to the change in his balance, but he doesn't seem bothered about flopping heavily into the seat Sam's just vacated. It is better with his back to the wall, he'll admit, because the gl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Mid-Credits Scene
Sam Wilson is So Done
Bucky Barnes is a little shit
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Love/Hate
steve and bucky are little shits
Broing Out in Wakanda
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes: Shitty Roommate
Bucky Barnes: Unrepentantly Nude
Sam Wilson: Beyond This Nonsense

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

