Chapter 1: Fight
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Of all the ways Tony Stark imagined he would die it had never been at the hands of Captain America. In hindsight it should not have been a surprise; those close to Tony have proven equally as likely to turn on him as gigantic space monsters. He really should have listened to his gut feeling on this one. Maybe then he would not now find himself pinned and defenceless beneath the unforgiving weight of his former friend.
The arc reactor housing is mangled beyond belief; the power supply disrupted at the armour’s weakest point. Tony’s offensive weapons and repulsors have been rendered offline, helmet comms unit silent but for the odd buzz of static – there would be no salvaging it after the damage Barnes caused while tearing the faceplate away. The bursts of silence are disconcerting, as is the realisation Tony has no way to call for back up or rescue. 
Tony’s stomach give a wild lurch at the same moment Steve pushes up to his knees, expression unchanged from the mask of detached rage. The cold winter light flares along the distinctive shield held high over the super soldier’s head; serum enhanced muscles coiled and ready to act with maximum force.
A bolt of adrenaline has Tony’s veins running lava hot, numbness spreading up his limbs. He needs to move – keep fighting, run away – but his lungs can’t get enough air. All he can do is stare in horror as the shield’s motion reverses, the deadly vibranium edge rushing down towards his neck. Tony’s perception of time slows - a trick of adrenaline - and his panicked thoughts solidify into one moment of absolute clarity. There is no way he will survive such a powerful hit to his unprotected chest. He is going to die.
Before Tony has a chance to process what he’s seeing, Steve changes target at the last moment and the vibranium pierces his battered arc reactor. 
What little air Tony has left in his lungs is forced out by the tremendous impact. Steve bears down with more force, driving his shield in until the reactor is breached. The reactor housing gives out under the tremendous force, crumpling inwards to reveal the power source. There is no pain – Tony has too much scar tissue and nerve damage to feel anything but suffocating pressure – though something gives way with a dull crunch. 
Bright, ethereal blue light leaks from the breached reactor, tendrils rising into Tony’s field of vision. The glow flares white-hot where it contacts the vibranium as the reactor flickers and dies. Steve’s hands loosen on the shield, shoulders heaving from more than physical exertion.
Tony struggles to catch his breath, fighting the fading adrenaline rush. He is still alive. He’s okay - he doesn’t need the arc reactor to live anymore. It is all okay-
Except it isn’t okay. Tony’s lungs constrict under weight that has nothing to do with the shield in his chest or the soldier crouched above him. A dull roar starts ringing in his ears while his vision clouds with patches of black. It feels like the world is shrinking, fading….contracting down and away like Tony’s last gasp of air before the world fades to the blackness of space.
~
Steve is still knelt over Tony when the smaller man starts to gasp and choke, hands pushing weakly at Steve’s chest. The all-consuming fury fades from the super-soldier’s mind, replaced with bewildered concern. Steve casts a quick look back at Bucky who has levered himself to sit propped against the concrete wall. The other man cups his torn left shoulder with an unreadable expression, eyes unfocused.
Meanwhile Tony’s breathing is rapidly worsening, fingers sliding from Steve’s chest to clasp his own ribs. The other man’s face is pale and slick with perspiration and Steve knows in his gut that something is terribly wrong. He quickly slides off Tony to kneel at his side, hands making an abortive move towards the dead arc reactor.
“Tony,” Steve says in an attempt to draw the other man’s attention. “Tony, can you hear me?” 
Tony’s eyes are wide and terrified, pupils blown so wide his irises have shrunk to a bare ring of colour.
“Is it the reactor? Tony?”
Steve moves forward again, stretching a hand out to shake the smaller man’s shoulder roughly. Tony flinches but if anything his focus seems further away.
“Tony, snap out of it!” Steve grabs Tony’s other shoulder, preparing to shake him again. Bucky staggers up behind him, hand gripping Steve’s shoulder in restraint.
“Hold up, punk,” Bucky growls as he pushes up from the floor, stumbling over to clasp Steve’s shoulder and pull him back. 
Steve automatically resists his friend, “Buck, we’ve gotta do something. We can’t just leave him-”
“Watcha doing isnt gonna help.”
Steve yields, allowing Bucky to pull him back. “You know what’s wrong with him?”
“Other than all the shit that just went down?” Bucky replies in a flat tone of voice, expression still closed.
Steve has the sensibility to grimace in response.
“It’s a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Panic Attacks
Civil War Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Eventual Happy Ending
Tony Stark's Childhood
Protective Steve Rogers
Swearing
Team Everyone Is Going To Be Friends Again
Hurt/Comfort
Accidental Plot
jailbreak

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

