Chapter 1: The Running Ladies
    


Notes:
I had the very real joy of seeing Civil war last night.  It was...I don't know if there is a correct adjective here that I could use.  Amazing seems weak.  And by the end of it, while waiting for the post credits scene, I had a plot bunny, and this morning, I ran with it. I hope you enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Heroes Get Remembered, Legends Never Die
 
Chapter One:  The Running Ladies
 
 May 2016 
 When it came down to it, the decision of where to settle had been out of Darcy's hands completely.  It had fallen to the stars.   Sure, she had argued passionately with Jane about how the Sokovia Accords were just another World Security Council/SHIELD/Hydra mess  waiting to be corrupted.  When the Black Widow had aired SHIELD’s dirty laundry in 2014, Darcy had quickly found all of the files that referenced her and Jane specifically.  It was clear that Hydra had big plans for both of them.  Jane had been off world at the time with Thor, but when she came back and Darcy had returned to her with the news, Jane had been less than pleased.   Since then, Darcy had made sure to stay up to date on the world’s governing powers, religiously hacking in and setting up protocols that would tell her when she, Jane, Thor or Selvig where on the radar.  She had gotten wind of the Accords two months ago, and had been very worried ever since.  She doubted Thor would appreciate being told what to do and when to do it..  But Jane felt that the Accords might do some good.  Darcy had tried to convince her otherwise.  She had even had one full day where she attempted to make her point by enacting the Darcy Accords.   
 'Sorry Janie, can't get that box of poptarts from the kitchens for you.  Have to wait for approval before I can move.' 
 
 'No, I HAD to go and watch that new cartoon movie five times in a row.  It was orders from up on high.  No free will here, or else I'll be labeled a vigilante." 
 
 'Please fill out the following paper work before you speak to me.  We have to make sure that you'll be safe in your interactions with me.' 
 But Jane had been unimpressed.  Especially when they finally arrived at the Avenger's facility after a six month college lecture tour to find her new lab completely destroyed.  From what intelligence Darcy could gather from her many insider information providers, the Winter Soldier had been through the facility less than thirty-six hours prior to Jane and Darcy's arrival at the new Avenger's facility. Darcy had also learned that there was a definitive split between the Avengers after all the dust settled.  More than half of them were imprisoned for siding with Captain Rogers.  The only super heroes left at the facility were Vision, Tony and Rhodey.  Tony had eschewed talking to Darcy, a first for him, as he focused on building an exoskeleton to assist Rhodey.  Vision was moping and was hardly helpful in explaining anything that had happened in the span of a week.  He simply took the blame for Rhodey’s injuries and stared longingly at the kitchen. When she and Jane had agreed to move to the facility, it had been under the conditions that a full house of heroes would be there to protect Thor’s favorite ladies in his absence.  But Steve Rogers was on the run with Bucky Barnes, Natasha was nowhere to be found, and  Clint was in some superhero prison with Wanda and Sam.   Darcy’s thoughts strayed to Clint’s family.  They were surely safe on the farm.  Darcy knew that.  But they were alone, and probably worried out of their skulls.  She had tried to call roughly fifty times in the span of four hours, but no one answered. So when Darcy’s phone rang with an unknown number, she automatically picked up. “What can I do for you, big sister?” she asked in Russian. “Be ready to move in the next six hours.”  Came the answer in Farsi, and the call immediately disconnected. Darcy sighed.  It was time to bring out the big guns to get Jane ready to move. “Pack up Janie. We’re out of here,” Darcy ordered as she stopped Jane from the cleaning of the wreckage of her lab.   “Darcy, we can find you new eye candy to look at,” Jane promised, waving off Darcy’s surprisingly strong little hands as the slightly shorter former intern tried to pull her away.  “We can’t just run off because Captain Rogers is gone.” “We’re not safe here,” Darcy insisted.  “The Black Widow isn’t here.  I would like to go to wherever she is, and I’m sure Thor would feel the same for you.” "Neither side would do anything to hurt me," Jane said confidently, as only the chosen future bride and queen of Asgard could.  "My new lab is here." Darcy heaved a sigh.  If she was going to stay wrapped up in the land of hot superheroes and ridiculous danger, she would much rather prefer to be in the company of people who actually wanted to do something about the ridiculous danger.  It had taken the former intern and current lab manager a little deep diggi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Spoilers
marvel ladies being awesome
darcy lewis has mad skills
Flashbacks
ensemble dynamics
Slow Burn (but not really.)
adventure/some angst/humor
the Barton children being awesome
sci-fi/twilightzone kind of elements
guardians of the galaxy show up later

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

