Work Text:
It's a little known fact that Bucky is handsy; from a cuff upside the head to a shove in the ribs to an arm slung across Steve's shoulders, he's all hands. It took Steve an entirely too long a time to realise Bucky is handsy for him, that he's perfectly capable of having professional and personal relationships that don't include frequent physical contact, but he gets it now. He can see it, and he can play along; because it's amazing, and heartwarming and dizzying to have Bucky's attention on him, to have him and see him gravitate towards Steve, always, like a magnet or a moth.And it's an even less known fact, but Steve? Is all hands, too.Which doesn't exactly prepare him for when, one boring afternoon going from a briefing to the training areas, Bucky grabs Steve by the collar and hustles him into one of the interrogation rooms that line the level 3 corridors. By now, Steve has a pretty Pavlovian automatic response to this sort of thing: they're kissing even before his back hits the door, hard and urgent like they're teenagers, like they weren't nearly late that morning because Steve couldn't get his hands off Bucky in the shower. Bucky says it's because they have a lot of time to make up for. Steve tends to agree.He almost trips over his own feet, now, when Bucky presses up against him with a soft sound, licking into his mouth and swallowing the echoing noise Steve makes.Still, 'This is a terrible idea, Buck,' Steve says when they break for air and Bucky starts eyeing the straps on Steve's uniform like he's wondering if getting Steve out of it is worth the effort.'I know,' he says, smirking in that way he has where Steve could just stare at the curve of his mouth for hours. 'All my ideas are, don't you remember?'Steve huffs a laugh. 'Ain't that the truth.' He presses his smile the the corner of Bucky's mouth, and for a moment they just stand there, breathing the same air, until Bucky puts one warm and one adamantium-cold hand against Steve's chest, and stands on his tiptoes to whisper in Steve's ear, low and warm and seductive: 'Tag.'And then he's gone.It's always a shock, how fast Bucky can be when he puts his mind to it. He's silent and deadly, but now Steve doesn't think about it; Bucky's deadliness doesn't register to him any longer, not more than Bucky's uniform or left arm. This is who Bucky is, a soldier and a spy, and Steve will take that and live with it just like Bucky has to live with it. Because together, they can deal with anything. Unstoppable, Bucky calls the two of them sometimes, grinning crookedly. And they are, aren't they? If time and ice and death can't put them down for good, well, that actually leaves Steve pretty optimistic about the future.Steve gives chase through the bowels of the Helicarrier. A flash of dark in the corner of his vision; he turns just in time to see Bucky rounding a corner, down the hall to the elevators. Steve can be fast, too. He stops the elevator doors from closing with his boot, and then Bucky pulls him inside by the collar of his uniform.The thing about necking in elevators, Steve has discovered through deeply humiliating experience, is that Bucky's mouth has catastrophic results for Steve's concentration. It's horrible. It's as if as soon as he has his hands on Bucky, as soon as he's kissing him as deep and dirty as he wants, as soon as they're pressed together, Steve's conscious mind just rolls over and gives up. Steve knows, with grim certainty, that one day Bucky will smile at him the wrong way while they're in the field — and in that case, the wrong way will be any way capable of reminding Steve of all the sweaty, sticky things they're doing all the damn time — and Steve will forget to duck. And then he'll get shot. And then Bucky will kill him.The other thing about necking in elevators, though, is that it's incredibly hot.Only downside is, they can't get as naked as Steve would like.'I hate this thing,' Steve mutters irritably when his sleeve catches on the holster on the right side of Bucky's ribs. If he rips the gloves again, Agent Coulson isn't going to be very amused.Smiling, Bucky catches Steve's mouth in a quick kiss. 'I know,' he says. 'You liked the old dress uniform, right?''It made you look handsome. And you need all the help you can get.'He laughs when Bucky kicks him in the shin. 'Punk.'The elevator doors ding and open, but nobody walks in. Steve presses Bucky up against the wall and kisses him again, sweet and lingering, and can't stop smiling. When he pulls back Bucky moves with him, then blinks. Steve reaches around him to press a button at random.'Tag,' he whispers, and runs down the hall before the doors can close.He passes a flock of SHIELD trainees, who boggle with their mouths hanging open at the sight of Captain America giggling like a schoolgirl and, okay, skipping. Kind of. A little. He takes the corner and nearly collides with the opposing wall, but catches himself at the last minute and hides in a utility closet. The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

