Chapter 1: Clint's Kink
    




Chapter Text
Tony actually does not mean to. Mostly he doesn’t mean to because it’s pretty much impossible to sneak up on Clint or catch him unaware. Out of the 14 times he tried, he ended up with Clint behind him first. He’s learned not to. Actually and honestly. So it surprises him as much as it surprises Clint when he walks in and Clint is jerking off. “Fuck,” Clint says, snapping his laptop shut, his face a bright red, but Tony sees what’s on the screen. Not to mention that Clint has his legs spread and had been reaching between them not just for his cock. Well. “So you’re into-“ “Shut up.” “Tentacles and-“ “Shut up.” “Ovipo-“ “Tony, if you don’t shut up right now I will stab you in the brain through your eyes and I will not regret it.” Clint looks like he actually would, so Tony shuts up and watches him pull his pants on. Clint looks defiant, and Tony chuckles. “I think it’s a hot kink.” Tony steps up to Clint’s laptop and flips the screen up. Clint makes a noise in the back of his throat as the pictures pop up. Tony’s eyes scan over the pictures and confirm that yes, Clint has been fingering himself to pictures of guys getting tentacle raped. And not just regular tentacle rape – ones with oviposition. “So this is your thing, huh?” Clint clicks x on the screen. “Shut up.” He sighs. “I hate you.” -- It takes Tony a bit of time, but in the end he actually manages to prepare everything. It took a bit of time, but he has to admit – he’s looking forward to this. A lot. All he has to really do, really, now, is to sneak up on Clint. And now that he knows how, that’s not even difficult anymore. -- Tony sneaks in. He can tell by the way Clint’s sitting and the way his arms are that he’s more into fingering himself then jerking himself off and that’s hotter than it really should be. But he manages to get a sneak up Clint and hook the metal tentacles he spent so long making around Clint’s ankles and arms before he can react. Clint panics, then sees Tony. “Jesus, what.” “Your safeword is Helicarrier.” “My what?” Clint says, his eyes wide. But he swallows thickly when he tugs at the metal tendrils and he can’t move them. “Tony, this-“ “Is your fantasy coming true. You heard me. Safeword is Helicarrier. Say it now if you want this go to on.” Clint stares at him, his eyes wide and glazed and aroused. He ducks his head and mutters, “Helicarrier.” And fuck, if that isn’t the hottest thing. Tony’s got this all planned out before hand with JARVIS, so the tendrils start moving and tearing at Clint’s clothes. Clint whimpers, but doesn’t struggle. Tony presses up against his back, holding him. “I’m not stopping until I hear that word again.” He warns Clint, who shudders and nods. The clothes fall off of him and Tony grins as Clint whimpers. Clint gets pushed too easily onto the bed, and it’s hilarious how much Clint isn’t fighting this. More metal tentacles wrap around Clint, vibrating lightly as they run up Clint’s thighs and pulls his arms behind his back. Tony eases his cock out and Clint opens his lips automatically and takes it in his lips. Tony wants to make a joke out of how eager Clint is, but Clint is incredibly good at sucking cock and Tony grips his hands into Clint’s hair. He might have been worried, but Clint makes a pleased whimper in his throat and sucks harder, and Tony can’t help but grin. “Like that?” He chuckled breathlessly. “You like it rough, don’t you?”  Clint looks up at him, eyes hooded and hungry as the tentacles squeeze his ass and vibrate across his thighs. Tony thrusts experimentally into the willing mouth, and Clint lets his mouth fall slack so Tony can fuck his lips. It’s fucking arousing, Tony thinks, and grunts as he comes deep into Clint’s throat. Clint swallows eagerly, then lets out a surprised moan. Tony looks up to see that one of the tentacles have slipped inside Clint. Tony’s made sure everything was well lubricated and the tentacles (these, anyway) are thin enough that Tony doesn’t have to worry about Clint being in pain. True enough, Clint’s eyes are half hooded as he moans wantonly. Tony knows the tentacle is sliding deep inside Clint, rubbing purposely across the prostate gland but moving deeper than any cock could ever reach. Another thin tendril joins the first, then another, and another, until five were pumping in and out of him. Tony let Clint fall onto the bed as a shivering mess, moaning and writhing and clutching onto the sheets beneath him. He spreads Clint’s ass cheeks apart, and the way the five tentacles are moving inside Clint is obscene. He lets himself be mesmerized by the way the muscles squeeze and spread around the violating tendrils, and then snaps his fingers. A thick tentacle dripping with lubricant slides around Clint. Clint lets out a whimper when he sees the girth – it’s slightly thicker than the average cock, and Tony  watches the thin tendrils spread Clint’s hole open to let the thicker, new one plunge inside. Clint screams 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Oviposition
Tentacle Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Object Insertion
Enemas
Fisting
Figging
Spanking

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

