Work Text:
There are some situations you never imagine yourself in. Like ever. In a million years. Spiderman was experiencing one of those unexpected situations, webbed to the wall of the cleanest sewer tunnel he had ever seen. Which wasn’t very clean to be honest but it was definitely better than anything he had navigated before.Glancing around and determining he was alone, he began tugging on the webs around his wrists. They were much stronger than he had anticipated. What the hell, why is my webbing so- Peter thought, finally taking the time to look at the restraints. Oh…. that’s why. Restraining his wrists was thicker, darker webbing than what he had in his web shooters. There was only one other person he knew of that had webbing like that. Oh shit, Venom! Peter panicked as he pulled harder, focusing his strength on his right arm. It took a little bit of wiggling and it hurt like a bitch – the pathetic kind of hurt like when you get a paper cut from fucking tissue paper or rip a bandage off of said paper cut – but he managed to slip his right hand out of the webbing with only a little damage to the suit. No worries, I’ll break out the sewing kit and stitch this baby right up Peter winced as he examined the tears in the fabric, flexing his fingers. Right now the priority was simply escaping the sewers and whatever devious plans Venom had concocted.There really was no telling what the villain was thinking these days. Only a few days ago Spiderman had been patrolling as usual when Venom had ambushed him. The superhero had taken a wide turn around some skyscraper or another when something slammed into his back, raking its claws through his webbing and sending them both hurtling onto the rooftop of the adjacent building. That had been a serious damper on his good mood but it wasn’t nearly as bad as waking up to a rock hard cock grinding between his butt cheeks; it was like the freaking bastard was literally trying to fuse his groin with Peter’s asshole. To make things even worse, he couldn’t get any leverage to throw the man off, what with Venom’s claws pinning his shoulders to the cold concrete and his legs wrapped in a stranglehold around Peter’s.
“VENOM!!! WHAT. THE. ACTUAL. FUCK?!!” Spiderman screamed, too focused on struggling out of the villain’s hold to notice how many octaves his voice had climbed. Venom didn’t answer, just gave a long drawn out moan as Peter’s movements accidently brushed his ass along the thick shaft of the symbiote-covered dick. The sound made Peter shiver, goose bumps popping up underneath his costume, and he tried not to think about the heat pushing its way into the seat of his pants, straining for his entrance; tried not to imagine the pre-cum that must be leaking from Venom’s slit – if he even had one – and staining his suit as Venom’s movements rubbed it in; tried to ignore the little part of him that ached to spread his legs a little wider – no one’s watching – so Venom’s cock could scrape against his puckered skin and leave him raw. It had been so tempting. Peter remembered craning his neck back to see his molester, to remind himself that the hips thrusting and slapping against his cheeks belonged to his biggest enemy and that he should be thoroughly disgusted, …. only to find himself turned on at the way the creature’s head was thrown back, spine in a perfect arch with his long tongue lolling out of his panting mouth. Jesus fuck Peter thought. All the blood in his body had rushed to his dick so fast he’d felt lightheaded. Venom, somehow sensing his prey’s lust, had slowly let his head fall forward, a smirk spreading across his face, and slid his tongue around to Peter’s mask, slipping underneath the fabric to lick a stripe from his neck to his cheek. He’d thought he’d been turned on before but that moment nearly broke his will. If he hadn’t taken the opportunity provided for him and performed a rolling kick to Venom’s jaw when he shifted to pull Peter’s hips up, he’d probably be waking up in the villain’s bed wondering if he’d used protection.Spidey shivered, using his right hand to pick at the webbing holding his left hand hostage. After that near rape, Peter had been determined to never think about what had happened or why Venom had been acting so weird. He’d even managed to avoid the man while he’d been out on his patrols every night since. However – all alone in the dark and faced with the other man’s webbing- it was hard not to remember how close he’d been to snapping, to just saying ‘Fuck it’ and presenting himself like a whore to a guy that was supposed to be his arch-nemesis. It confused him to think about how horny he’d been, how one grind with another man was enough to make him toss all his principles out the window – I'm not that hard up for sex am I? – so he usually pushed those thoughts to the back of his mind. But no matter how much he tried to ignore it, there were some things that came back to haunt you.Hence this sewer tunnel. He had no idea how he’d gotten
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Venom
Spider-Man/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Blow Jobs
Light Bondage
Frottage
Groping
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Hand Jobs
Tentacles
like really light
Cussing
not too noticeable
Sexual Assault
only a little bit in the beginning

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Venom
Spider-Man/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

