Work Text:
  Bucky didn't remember the accident. His last memory of that night was giving Palmer the finger as he left work, juggling a coffee and a stale-as-fuck bagel in the other hand. It was like someone had redacted his memory with a thick black sharpie: when you tilted the page just right you could see hints of what happened, in thunderstorms, in the pouring rain, in the flash of lightning.He was hanging there for a long time before they found him, before they got him out, they told him. Sometimes, in his nightmares, he remembered. Remembered being alone in the dark and the rain, feeling his life run out of him, one bloody drop at a time.  The only good thing about the accident was that it had been a Stark Industries semi-trailer that had wiped his car out of existence. Apparently, Stark Industries took this sort of shit seriously. Bucky had been expecting a long drawn out fight, involving lawyers and courts and his past as a ward of the State dredged up to prove it must have been his fault when a huge fucking truck came out of nowhere and crushed his tiny little hatchback, like having been a foster kid could somehow alter the laws of physics.There'd been none of that. All his medical bills had been covered, everything had been covered, a big chunk of cash dropped in his bank account, and they'd fast tracked him into their fancy new prosthetics program. Which was why he had a shiny metal arm where his left one used to be.It was fucking surreal sometimes. Missing arm aside, he was better off than he'd ever thought he could be. Most days, he wasn't sure it was worth it.He'd had to stay close to the labs when they were fitting and refitting his arm, stay close for the surgeries and the implants and learning to use the thing.  Growing up in an endless series of group homes and foster homes had left him with a fondness for privacy; living cheek and jowl with what felt like the entire population of New York crammed into various labs had left him craving solitude. So when the Stark Industries technician's cousin's mailman's dog-walker's client's house in the forest (Bucky had lost track of how many layers there were between him and whoever actually owned it) had needed a housesitter, he'd jumped at the chance.The house was beautiful, nestled in a clearing surrounded by ancient trees stretching to the sky. When he'd gotten out of his pickup he'd been washed in an immediate sense of peace. There was no noise, no people, no one poking at him and asking the same question twelve different ways. No doctors, nurses or techs standing way too close and staring at him like he was some oddity to be unravelled or a distraction from the arm they cared so much about. It was just him and the trees and the birds.It was thirty minutes into town, his nearest neighbour further away than that, and still wild enough everyone said to carry a rifle when he was out on his own. Bucky fucking loved it.No one seemed to care who he was or where he'd come from. No one asked questions about his arm. It got some looks, a few raised eyebrows, and once when he'd been doing his grocery shopping a fucking cool, man, you've got a metal arm! from a pair of local teenagers. He'd given them an ironic salute and they'd grinned at him like he'd made their week.He'd been expecting gossipy busybodies. While he was pretty sure he was the topic of more than a bit of a gossip after his arrival, as long as they didn't expect him to participate, he realised he didn't care.He loved it here.Until he found out some of these people were insane.  He was running around the edge of the lake, head down, the rhythm of his pounding feet dropping him into an almost Zen state. The lake was a relatively populated area, so he wasn't carrying his rifle, which worked for him, because running with it was a pain in the ass.He had a physical routine he had to stick to, had to keep up with. He needed a certain amount of muscle mass to carry the arm, to balance it, had to keep himself at a certain level of fitness. It was light, lighter than it looked, but it was still a weight of metal hanging off his body, anchored into his bones and nerves and muscles, and he had to keep himself strong enough to carry it.Relatively populated he'd been expecting; he hadn't been expecting the small crowd which was rapidly getting closer. A small crowd who were watching their dogs bouncing around in the grassy meadow. Someone lifted a hand in greeting, another called, "Bucky, hey."It was partly politeness, partly curiosity that made him slow to a stop. "Hey," what was this guy's name, mole on his left cheek, looked like it was about to crawl off on its own, that's right, "Frank. What's up?" Frank gave him a long, assessing stare, which Bucky found odd. Apparently satisfied with whatever he'd found, Frank jerked his head towards where the dogs were playing. "Blue Eyes is back."Which meant absolutely nothing to Bucky, so he looked over at the dogs. He wasn't a dog expert; had nothing against the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Werewolf Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
no powers except for Steve being a werewolf
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
for a given value of serum
Bucky is taking a break by housesitting a house in the forest
which is not the same as a cabin in the woods
bucky lost his arm in a car accident
he still has a metal arm
Bucky has a profanity laden vocabulary
he swears a lot is what I'm saying
Nudity
whatever you're expecting from a werewolf AU it probably isn't this
this may be kind of ridiculous
it was supposed to be a bit cracky
but it kinda grew feels a bit
and maybe got a bit fluffy in places?
these tags might be getting out of hand
Touch Starved Steve Rogers
kind of a bit
POV Bucky Barnes
werewolves aren't known
except for the werewolves obviously
I mean they know they're werewolves
Were-Creatures

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

