Work Text:
Clint is pretty sure that whoever invented English class did it just to make him feel stupid.  He’s pretty good at math and he totally rocks at physics but shit like this, where he has to make a coherent argument with words, just makes him want to give up and go kick something hard instead.“I’m sorry, dude,” he says, and he is, he would love to have something impressive and meaningful to contribute, if only because he likes to see Phil smile, “but I genuinely don’t give a fuck what the significance is of the way this kid treats her mom.”Phil doesn’t sigh at Clint; he saves his sighs for when he really wants to make Clint feel like shit.  He just rolls over onto his stomach on the bed and starts underlining things in Clint’s book.“You don’t need to care,” Phil tells him patiently, pausing for a minute to suck the end of his pen.  Clint looks down at the patterned comforter, up at the wall, anywhere but at Phil’s mouth.  “You just need to understand it.  No one’s asking that The Scarlet Letter becomes your favourite book of all time, just that you can write a damn paper on it.”“Yeah,” Clint says slowly.  “Still pretty sure I’m gonna fail.”“And I’m pretty sure you’re not,” Phil says, looking at him hard, before getting back to whatever he’s doing to Clint’s book.Phil keeps doing shit like that, keeps believing in Clint.  Clint wishes he’d quit it; he’s way better at dealing with people who think he’s a screw-up.Because he has no idea what to say to that, Clint completely ignores it. “The Hunger Games,” he says instead surprising himself.“Hmm?” Phil asks, looking up.  He’s gotten a smudge of blue highlighter on his cheek.  Clint carefully doesn’t look at that either.“That’s my favourite book,” Clint mutters, embarrassed now.“Ah.” Phil nods.  “Because of the archery?”Clint blinks, surprised.  Until Ms Carter tricked Phil into tutoring him, Clint didn’t even know that Phil knew who he was.  In the past month, they haven’t talked about much but English class so it’s kind of a shock to find out that Phil knows about Clint’s hobbies.“No,” Clint says because Phil’s actually looking at him, waiting for an answer, like he thinks Clint’s going to say something interesting.  “Well, I mean, yeah.  That’s pretty cool, but I liked how Katniss was really sneaky and played everyone all the time.  She was awesome.”She’d reminded him of Natasha.  He doesn’t say that; he doesn’t ever talk to anyone about Natasha.Phil smiles and nods.  “Have you seen the movie?”“Nah.” Clint shrugs like he didn’t count down the days until it came out.  “Never got around to it.”His foster mom decided that it would be nice to take the whole family, so he’d waited.  It wasn’t any kind of surprise, when it fell through, but he was still stupidly disappointed.“I’ve got a download, if you want to watch it?” Phil offers, looking weirdly uncertain for a second before he flattens his expression back to neutral.“A download?” Clint asks. “How?” Because no way does Phil Coulson, school council treasurer and future valedictorian, engage in internet piracy.Phil just smirks at him.  “I have my ways,” he says mysteriously and then bites his lip a little.  “Do you want to watch it?”“Now?” Clint asks, surprised. “What about the stupid book?”Phil shrugs.  “You’re doing pretty well and we’ve been at it for three hours already.”“What? No way.” Clint glances up at the clock on Phil’s bedroom wall, staring when he realises that it’s nearly four in the afternoon.  “Oh shit man, you should have said. I didn’t mean to take up your whole Sunday.”Phil shrugs.  “It’s okay, it’s not like I had any other plans.”Clint is pretty sure that’s not true; Phil does more extracurricular shit than anyone Clint knows, but if he’s happy hanging out with Clint instead, Clint’s not going to tell him that he’s wrong.“Okay then, sure,” Clint says, because he’s an idiot and torturing himself by spending more time with Phil is obviously the best way to get over the crush he’s been nurturing since, like, ever.Phil flashes him a quick, surprisingly open smile, and drags his laptop over to the middle of the bed, setting up the screen so that Clint’s only going to be able to see properly if he lies down next to him.Clint lies down next to him.“Have you seen this already?” Clint asks, once Phil’s hit play, noticing the way Phil’s drumming his thumb against the comforter, like he’s nervous or, way more likely, bored already.“Shh,” Phil tells him, “pay attention.”“Why?” Clint asks automatically. “Is there going to be a pop quiz?”Phil tips his head, looking over at Clint.  He looks like he’s not sure if he’s going to smack Clint or laugh at him.  Clint isn’t sure what it says about him that he’d be happy either way.“There might be,” Phil says eventually, low, and then elbows Clint in the side.Clint twists away, grinning to himself, then settles down to watch the movie.

***
It’s late by the time the movie’s over.  Clint’s eyes feel kind of hot, which is definitely to do with staring at the sc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
First Time
Crossover
Background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Past Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Bullying

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

