Work Text:
Sam gives a low whistle, eyeing the car up and down. “We’re not fitting in that thing.”“Good,” Bucky says. Steve blinks. Bucky frowns. “They won’t be looking for it,” he explains, shrugging.Sam nods in agreement. “All right,” he says, “but I’m driving.” Steve opens his mouth to protest, but Sam holds up a hand. “I’m not squishing up next to either of y’all.”Steve sighs. “Let’s just go.”Bucky glares at Sam, but there’s something behind his eyes that isn’t quite malice. He and Steve somehow manage to squish into the back of the car, elbows pressing up against one another. Bucky’s legs fold up, knees pressing uncomfortably up against the back of Sam’s seat. Sam decides against mentioning it.An hour away from the bolthole, Sam breaks the silence.“So, are you two gonna talk, or?” he says, looking in the rearview mirror. Steve is staring out the window, looking for all the world like he belongs in a soft, acoustic music video. Bucky is glaring directly at Sam.“Okay,” Sam says, “okay, not talking is fine. Do you want the radio on, or something? You listen to that kinda stuff, right? Radio?”“Anything but country,” Bucky growls.“See,” Steve says, “I told you we could trust him.”Bucky gives a smile- the same smile he’d given when the word newspapers had tumbled out of his mouth. Sam tears his eyes off the rearview mirror, because that smile is not for him, and quickly flicks the radio on. He flips through a few channels before landing on the classical music station, and he hears Steve shift in the seat behind him.Huh. Hundred-year-old man, likes classical music. Some of the stereotypes are true.But it’s Bucky, not Steve, who starts humming along to the song.Sam doesn’t have the faintest idea what it is- some piano song, or something- but Bucky seems to know it by heart. A glance in the rearview mirror, and he can see Steve staring at Bucky like he’s just pronounced the cure for cancer.“Mozart?” Steve asks.Bucky shakes his head. “Clementi,” he says.“All sounds the same to me,” Steve says, and shrugs.“Clementi’s happy,” Bucky says. “You can tell.”“Oh,” Steve says, and that’s the last any of them talk for another half hour.
 Steve insists they’re going to need fuel sooner or later, and that this might be their only chance to get it. A fifteen-minute argument results, ending with the mutual compromise of Starbucks.“Okay,” Sam says, squinting at the sign through the car window. “So you wanted- what?”“Grande, iced, sugar free, vanilla latte,” Steve rattles off. “With soy milk?” he says, almost a question. Bucky nods. “With soy milk,” he says again.“Jesus,” Sam mutters. “You?”Steve studies the menu. “Triple Venti, half sweet, nonfat caramel Macchiato.”“How,” Sam says, “do you not know the difference between Star Wars and Star Trek, but you know what a Macchiato is?”“Hurry up,” Bucky says, kicking the back of Sam’s seat.“You’re gonna need to write those down,” Sam says, “because there’s no way in hell I’m rememberin’ all of that crap.”“Grande,” Bucky growls. “Iced. Sugar free. Vanilla. Latte.”Sam inches the car up to the ordering station and rolls down the window.“Hey,” he says, and the speaker shoots out static that he thinks translates into Welcome to Starbucks, can I take your order? He flicks his eyes up to the rearview mirror.“Yeah,” he says, “I’ll have two black coffees, Tall. And a croissant.”The foot on the back of his chair presses so hard that his stomach brushes the edge of the steering wheel.“You know what,” he says, “better make those Short.”
 They’re less than five minutes away from the rendezvous point Sharon had set up, when Steve grabs the back of the passenger side seat and looks intently at Sam through the rearview mirror.“Wait,” he says.Sam looks in the sideview mirror, but there’s no sign of a physics-defying metal suit blazing up towards them. Relieved that they’re not about to die, he looks in the rearview mirror and raises an eyebrow at Steve.“What?”“We should swap,” Steve says.
“What?” 
Sam merges into the exit lane. Steve says nothing.“Why?” he elaborates, sparing a glance from the road to gape at Steve again.“I just think,” Steve says, sitting back down and shrugging. “You know, maybe- if we’re meeting the rest of the team later, maybe-”“You want to get out of the driver’s seat,” Sam realizes. “You- oh my god.”“Just,” Bucky says, as Steve opens his mouth. “Just let him have this.” Sam raises his other eyebrow in the mirror at Bucky, who rolls his eyes. “He likes being dramatic,” Bucky says.“I am not dramatic,” Steve says.“Stevie.”Steve elbows Bucky. “Don’t Stevie me.”Sam snorts. “Right,” he says, narrowing his eyes at Steve. “Dramatic, right. I forgot.”“Hard to believe you could work with him regularly and forget that,” Bucky grumbles.“I work with him on occasion, as an honorary Avenger-”“So you’re like an intern?”“I’m not an intern, I’m an-”“Will you just pull over?” Steve barks, and Sam swerves the tiny car over to the side of the road.Steve squeezes out of the car and clambers into the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Road Trip from Hell
Starbucks
Banter
Pining
Sass
Spoilers for Captain America: Civil War
Missing Scenes
Fix-It
Happy Ending
Three Men in a Boat
Translation into Chinese available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

