Chapter 1: Tony Stark Has a Heart
    




Chapter Text
"Stay down, final warning."
Cap's fists came up as Tony revved his repulsors. "I can do this all day."
There wasn't anything particular about the words that should have bothered Tony, or sliced through the haze of his anger. It was just Steve, being as fucking stubborn as always, unable to see what was in front of him, unable to accept that his friend was a killer, that he'd strangled Tony's mother with his bare hands.
But there was something in Steve's eyes, in his stance that gave Tony pause. Or maybe it was all the blood, staining Steve's face, creeping from under his helmet.
Tony had been fighting by Steve's side for years. He'd never seen Cap look so rough—not after the Chitauri, not after Ultron. The only time that was comparable was when Cap had gotten his ass kicked by Bucky himself, trying to save the Winter Soldier from Hydra and nearly being killed for his trouble.
Of course, at the time, Tony had been busy still trying to make his relationship with Pepper work, so he'd missed the worst of it. But the point still stood—he'd done this.
Cap would never back down. Barnes was his friend. And Tony was so tired of hurting people. He'd been trying to make it stop, to keep the Avengers together, to shield them from the unavoidable backlash of the Accords.
He'd never wanted this.
Tony powered down the repulsors and stumbled back, suddenly feeling like the armor weighed a thousand tonnes. He looked away from Steve and plopped down on a piece of rubble, simply staring at his hands.
How had it come to this?
He lifted his ruined face plate, no longer able to withstand the flickering display. With the corner of his eye, he caught sight of Cap helping his "friend" up.
He didn't say anything. He expected Cap to just go. Everything had already been said and done. There was no turning back.
But Steve was never one to let things slide when he could help it. That was one of the things that Tony both loved and hated about Captain America.
"Tony, I... I'm sorry."
So was Tony. For being forced to play along with Ross, for trying his best and utterly failing every single time, for making Vision when he should have saved JARVIS, for getting Rhodey paralyzed, for getting everyone else imprisoned in the Raft. The problem was that at this point, it was too late to step out of the game. Too late to just close his eyes and pretend he could take Cap's route, screw them all and call them assclowns like he had once upon a time.
"Just go, Cap. Leave."
Steve hesitated. There was some shuffling, almost like a scuffle, and then finally, Steve stepped into Tony's line of sight. "This wasn't what I wanted," Steve said.
Anger flared inside Tony all over again, hot and bright. He shot to his feet, glaring at Steve. "You think I wanted this? You think I wanted to play nice with Ross, when I know exactly what he did to Bruce, when I know how fucking crooked he is?" He sneered at Steve. "It must be nice to pretend that you're only responsible for your own freedom, for your choices, but Ross has us by the balls, and you fucking knew it, Steve. You fucking knew it, and you let him tear us apart, just like he wanted to."
"What was I supposed to do?" Steve glared right back. "He was going to kill Bucky."
Yes, Bucky. Bucky all over again—the guy who'd taken everything from Tony. His parents first, then the Avengers—the one thing Tony had had left. And yes, at some level, he did know it wasn't truly Barnes's fault, that he'd been brainwashed by Hydra. But knowing it and accepting it were two entirely different things.
He wanted to tell Steve that he should have called sooner, should have turned to the Avengers for this whole Winter Soldier clone project, but that was hardly an option now after he'd almost taken Barnes's head off with a laser. In hindsight, that hadn't been his brightest moment.
"You were never going to sign the Accords anyway, Cap," he told Steve at last. "It's besides the point."
To his credit, Steve didn't argue otherwise. "It's not right, Tony. You know it isn't."
Tony didn't bother addressing that. It was all over anyway, and Tony was alone in this, just like he'd always been.
Bruce had been right, all those years ago. They'd never been a team, but a ticking time bomb. In the end, it was still up to Tony.
The sound of a cleared throat interrupted the conversation. Tony turned, only to see T'Challa approach, dragging along Zemo's limp form. "I see you've made amends. This gladdens me. The only thing Zemo wanted was to tear you apart."
"Yeah, so what else is new?" Zemo had only finished what Ultron had started—which in the end, was Tony's own fault. "I guess he succeeded too, huh? You should go, Cap."
For a few seconds, T'Challa scanned Tony's face. Finally, he said, "Captain, Wakanda's borders are open to you and yours. If you seek aid and refuge, my people can provide it."
Steve blinked in shock. "Thank you, Your Highness. We accept your gracious offer."
It was as good a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Angst
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Fix-It
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
BAMF Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Rare Pairings
Protective T'Challa
BAMF T'Challa
Bucky Barnes Feels
BAMF Loki
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

