Chapter 1: No Surprise There
    




Chapter Text
It wasn’t even a surprise. As he stood next to the window, watching Rhodey struggle to relearn how to walk with the aid of the braces Tony had made him – and wasn’t that just a topic he never wanted to revisit – Tony couldn’t even bring himself to be surprised that it had ended the way it did. There was some poetic cruelty that burned in the ordeal that by trying to instill safeguards for them, people to keep them accountable as well as safe, Tony had destroyed the best form of family he’d had in years.“This one’s not on you,” said Rhodey, eying his best friend and adopted little brother. “I know what you’re thinking and you’ve done some pretty stupid shit in your life but this wasn’t one of those times.”“You can’t walk,” said Tony, his voice pained and vulnerable in a way that only Rhodey had ever heard, the tone the colonel wished he could record and replay for every bastard how had ever called Tony selfish or self-centered. “I’d say that’s my biggest fuck up yet.”“We’ll address that whole problem later,” said Rhodey sternly. ”Because this is in no way your fault. But I was referring to your asshole friends who not only broke the lay and blamed you for their imprisonment but also left you to be the scapegoat. Again.”Tony winced. He’d tried to keep the news and media away from Rhodey because it wasn’t pretty. The media internationally had raked the Avengers over the coals for all the fighting that had happened, aiming their attacks at Tony personally since the others were missing or in the case of Rhodey, injured. It didn’t matter that Tony had signed the Accords, it didn’t matter that he was acting on orders for once. The public was out for blood and knew Tony would bleed so prettily.They were sending him to jail. Tony had received the call that morning – it was one of the reasons he had insisted on checking the braces again. Because he, Tony Stark, was finally being locked away and he wasn’t positive when he would be able to see his best friend again. There would be no visitors for him, he was being sent to the lock up on a nameless island in the north Atlantic ocean, the place the worst of the worst criminals went because there was no escape. He didn’t even get a trial – not that he really deserved one. It turned out that when it came to international affairs, Tony Stark, and following the law, a majority rules system worked.“Well, if the braces are working for you, I think I’ll leave you to the walking thing,” said Tony. “Things t do, worlds to destroy, other people to humiliate, that sort of thing.”Tony didn’t wait for a reply; he couldn’t stay with Rhodey or he would shatter completely. And as he sat on the small jet, handcuffed and gagged, Tony replayed that final conversation with Rhodey and felt less cold, less alone, because he may have lost everything but Rhodey was still there for him, still believed there was some good in Tony – which was the only comfort Tony would get.-	People Like Me Don’t Get Saved –Tony quickly discovered that the prison he had been taken to was inhabited almost exclusively by people the Avengers had fought. The guards were ones sent out to that forsaken island because they had discipline problems themselves, so they often turned a blind eye on most of the activities the prisoners partook in, unless it looked like it would end in death.As he lay in his cell that first night, the bed hard and lumpy, the air cold, the moans and growls of the other prisoners echoing throughout the compound, Tony thought of the cell phone and message Steve had sent him.Tony had to admit, Steve held out longer than he thought, waiting a whole month before springing the others. It wasn’t fair of Steve to talk about how he had next to no betrayals in his life when Tony could count on one hand the number of people who hadn’t betrayed him. It wasn’t fair of Steve to pretend he cared about Tony at all – to act like he and the others would help Tony if he needed it – after turning his back on Tony and nearly killing him. Steve had already proved that he would lay everything to waste to keep Bucky safe, starting with Tony. The only pro of the entire situation was that at least on this island Tony knew everyone was the enemy.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Rhodey
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Insecure Tony
Insecure Tony Stark
Imprisonment
Wrongful Imprisonment
Escape
Aftermath of Torture
Cuddling & Snuggling
Emotions
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Therapy
Fights
Arguing
Angst
Steve Rogers Feels
Clint Barton Needs a Hug

fandom: 
None
