Chapter 1: Headphones don't work on Spider-Senses
    


Summary:

Peter deals with all the fun of sensory overload, while living in the Avengers complex.





Chapter Text
Don't get Peter wrong, being an Avenger is awesome. Getting the shit beaten out of him in a bad fight sucks, and it's really weird being away from Aunt May, even if it easier not having to explain where he keeps going when a villain attacks. Mr. Stark had a good idea using the excuse of a Stark!Tech summer internship to get him ready for college. It made Aunt May happy and kept her from worrying. It's just the whole living in the Avengers complex that's getting to him. There is always, ALWAYS, noise. The hum of the computers Mr. Stark has wired into the walls. The vibrations of all the other Avengers and support staff moving around. Holographic displays that jitter and flicker constantly with his advanced vision. It's been three weeks since he moved into his really overly large suite of rooms and he's not gotten a full night of sleep.His senses are going haywire, and he's maybe a day or two from a complete meltdown. It's a vicious cycle. He can't get his senses to calm down enough to sleep and the more tired he is the less he can control his senses. He can't even work on anything to distract himself, because every-time he tries to concentrate on a computer display, his vision keeps jumping around trying to pin down where the motion is coming from, even though he KNOWS that it's just a side-effect of the projection mechanisms used to create the holographic effect. It's just TOO MUCH! He can't even use his weighted blanket and noise canceling headphones to get a little rest. His new strength means his body can barely feel any increased pressure from the blanket and his sense of hearing is now about 70% tactile sensation, but he's desperate and he just NEEDS TO GET AWAY.So he grabs his headphones and his blanket and a couple of his favorite stim toys and goes searching for a place where he can set up a web and hopefully get himself under some kind of control. He doesn't want to lose his spot on the team. NORMAL people have always been bad about dealing with his weird senses without even adding in all the superpower stuff. He's not losing everything, because he can't act NORMAL. Not this time.So he goes crawling all over the compound, until he finds a little used hangar for older models of Quinn-jets. There is barely any tech in the walls and the jets are powered down so there is no relentless buzzing. It's mostly dark, and if he can hear all the weird forest sounds that make his city-boy heart jump, well at least it's not the constant sound of blood rushing through veins, gurgling digestive systems, heart-beats and breathing that makes up most of how he sees other humans. He puts up a web in a corner, wraps himself up in his blanket and puts on his headphones, and tries to pretend that they work like they used to. Please, please, please just let him get more than fifteen minutes of sleep at a time.#Tony doesn't realize at first that their youngest Avenger has gone missing. In his defense he's busy. It's been three months since the team broke up and he's still trying to figure out a way to get necessary concessions from the UN council. Even with T'Challa's help and the recordings he'd taken showing that the Raft went against UN policies for prisoner treatment, the council was still dragging its feet about dropping the charges against Rogers for breaking the rest of the team out. Not to mention all the red tape they were throwing up around the idea of giving Wanda US citizenship.Ross is still being a bastard and stirring up trouble as well. It was a lot to deal with.So when Peter doesn't show up for his usual shift at the lab, Tony figures there is some Avengers training that he's missed and doesn't think anything of it. Then Friday puts out the alarm that Peter hasn't been back to his suite of rooms in twenty-four hours. The last record she has for him was when he'd used his key-card to leave the main Avengers building.Which is something he is well within his rights to do, but the logs don't show him leaving the grounds or checking into any of the other buildings. He could have easily used his webs to leave unseen, but why would he? If he wanted to take a break to visit his Aunt all he needed to do was tell somebody, but a quick text to Rhodey and Vision showed that he hadn't talked to either of them.Fuck. Tony puts his earbud in and orders Friday to connect him to Rhodey and Vision, while he gets into a suit."Rhodey, you good to play base in case he checks back in? Vision and I will do a sweep of the facilities and home he didn't get himself mauled by a bear or something.""Tony, calm down. I'm sure that a super-powered teenager would be able to fight off a bear," Rhodey says, his voice remaining depressingly calm.Why did he not get that there was reason to panic. "Fine then, what if he ran off on some kind of Super powered bender?""Tony, I l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Peter Parker is so smol
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Spoilers
Meta
Not!Fic
Autistic!Peter Parker
Sensory Processing Disorder
Autism Spectrum
Autism
Fix-It of Sorts
Hurt/Comfort
Vision has Good Vibrations
T'Challa is awesome
Tony Stark needs help relating to people
Rhodey is the sane one

fandom: 
None
