Work Text:

Just keep walking.  One foot in front of the other.  Don't look back.
Steve kept up the mantra in his head as he secured his hold around Bucky's waist and marched forward.  Spine ramrod straight, head held high, every step taking him further away from the only security he'd known the last few years – away from the Avengers and the life he'd rebuilt, the new family he'd finally started to call his own.  His shoulder blades itched without the comforting weight of the shield strapped across his back; he felt unbalanced, unprotected, adrift.  Acutely aware of just how vulnerable even his body was without the protection he'd carried for years.But, under the roiling tangle of emotions coursing through him: the regret and the grief and the anger and, yes, even the love – there was another, deeper feeling.  A truth he wouldn't – one he couldn't – name.  Not just yet.  Not until he had a lot more in the way of time to sit with it and process everything that had happened."Still with me?" he murmured in Bucky's ear, as they started their slow, careful ascent up the winding stairs.  There was concrete and metal debris everywhere, but the structure still looked safe enough for the moment.  Steve didn't want to linger to find out any different."Yeah," came Bucky's raspy reply.  The word drawn out – slow, but clear enough.  Steve had no idea how Bucky was even conscious, let alone upright and walking, but he'd take it.  Right now, they needed to put as much distance between themselves and Tony as they could.  Even out of commission, with the suit in smoldering ruins encasing his body, Tony was still a formidable opponent.  And one Steve would never underestimate, especially not now.He knew just how motivational rage and determination could be.Bucky's fingers tightened around Steve’s neck as they shuffled awkwardly up one flight, then another, each one a small, but crucial, victory.  And, with each step, Steve could feel them both shedding the personas they'd been tied to for far too long.  No longer the Winter Soldier, no longer Captain America.  Neither of them tethered to their pasts, or crushed under the burden of responsibility – either for the well-being, or the taking, of far too many innocent lives.  As of now, for the first time in almost seventy-five years, they were just two boys from Brooklyn, battered and torn, but still standing. Still together, still a team.Bucky was here and with him, by his side and in his arms, right where he belonged, and it was just like – 

Steve stopped himself.  He couldn’t afford those thoughts right now.  There would be time, once they were clear and safe.  Once they were out of range of Tony’s wrath."You…" Bucky licked dry, cracked lips, and tried again.  "You didn't – you knew."  Each word sounded like it was being scraped out of Bucky's throat with a dull razor blade.  Just hearing it hurt."Knew?" Steve repeated, glancing over at Bucky in confusion.  "Knew what?""About...Howard.  What I did."  Steve jolted to an abrupt halt, foot poised mid-step.  All of the blood in his veins turned to ice.  Howard, he thought, and fuck and I'm so sorry.  But he still managed to get out, through the lump lodged against his windpipe: "Yeah.  Yeah, I did."Had read that particular file with clenched fists and a helpless rage.  One he could still feel beating wildly in his chest, burning through his body like acid.  It was nothing compared to the helplessness of watching the actual video footage – of seeing Howard's last moments, hearing the confusion in his voice, then the sickening crunch of bones, and his wife’s last, desperate gasps for breath – with his own eyes, and knowing there was nothing he or Tony or even Bucky could have done to stop it."Then why?" Bucky asked, giving Steve a confused look.  Like he'd expected – fuck, like he'd expected Steve to join forces with Tony back in the chamber and go after him.  Like he’d somehow deserved the beating he'd gotten at Tony's hands.  "How could you choose...?  Howard was your friend.  He was our friend and I killed him."Because it wasn't you, Steve wanted to say.  Because you're just as much a victim as Howard and Maria Stark and everyone who died in Sokovia or Vienna or D.C.  Because I was the one who let you fall and this is all on me.  Because Howard might've been my friend – Tony might've been my friend – but neither of them is the heart that beats below my ribcage.He wanted nothing more than to pull Bucky flush against him.  To press kiss after kiss to that frowning mouth until it softened.  To offer reassurances the best way he knew how.  
Not yet.  Not until it’s safe.
"We made each other a promise almost a century ago, Buck," he said, instead.  "And I dunno about you, but when I said to the end of the line, I meant it." Bucky sighed, his breath tickling the hairs at Steve's neck.  "No one would blame you for breaking it," he said, low, barely a whisper."I would," Steve replied, steel hardening the words.  This was his mountain, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Protective Steve Rogers
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

