Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For Spencer Reid, numbers had always come easily. He’d never really had to put much effort into thinking about them. In some ways he even found them calming. There was just something about working through a set of numbers that was relaxing for him. Sometimes he could lose himself for hours in mathematical problems and just let the rest of the world fade away. It was almost, meditative.
But even for Spencer, the stack of ledgers in front of him was slightly daunting. As he stood in the small office of the local homeless center—commonly called ‘The Center’, it was a place for the homeless with one building that was open for eating and sleeping, and another building that was built as a rec center in an old YMCA building—he stared at the desk stacked high with ledgers, boxes of papers, and random receipts. “I’ve been gone a month.” Spencer said slowly. His eyes were wide as they traveled over everything. “A month. How on earth did this happen?”
The woman standing beside him gave a half-smile and sheepishly ran a hand through her blond hair to push back the bits that had escaped from her ponytail. Usually, the thirty five year old woman was rather calm and composed. She had to be, to run a place like this. Brianna Lewis had been running The Center since she had first opened it almost nine years ago. Before that, she’d worked at the YMCA and had thought that she and everyone around were going to lose it when the company had to pull out. Spencer had been the one to help her prevent that. With their brains and Spencer's silent financial backing, they’d managed to take this place and turn it into what it was today.
New to the city at the time, Spencer hadn’t known many people, but a friend of his had connected him with Brianna. When Spencer had left Caltech to join the Academy, his friend had given him Brianna’s name and contact information and told him that if he ever needed help, she was the person to go to. She was considered the unofficial mutant contact in DC and had helped many a mutant who was in trouble. Whether it was a quick escape, a bed to sleep in, a place to hide, or connecting them with someone, somewhere else who would be able to help, she acted as the local liaison for the mutant community, albeit in a very underground manner. It was how she stayed safe and how she kept her ‘clients’ safe.
There were very few people in the world that knew Spencer Reid was a mutant. It was a secret he kept very well hidden.
His powers were something rather unique. Spencer was only twelve when they manifested; just fresh out of high school. And, like most mutants, they’d manifested under trauma.
He’d been walking home from the store one night, out way later than any twelve year old should be, and he’d been dumb enough to try and take a shortcut that had put him in the territory of a gang that was rather new to town. One that was very vocally anti-mutant. They’d seen Spencer, someone who was known to have mutant friends, and no amount of running had been able to get him away from them. To this day, Spencer firmly believed that his mutation was the only thing that saved his life. The beating they gave him, he could’ve handled. He’d handled worse ones. But when they dragged him up and threatened to “see if the freak can fly!” he’d known he was in trouble.
What happened next was still a little hazy sometimes for Spencer. He remembered fighting, remembered being dragged somewhere, and then he remembered the feel of open air around him and sheer terror moments before pain ripped through his body and his spine felt like it erupted from his back.
The words that Spencer used now to describe his mutation were simple. It was a form of animal morphing; his mutation gave him avian like qualities without turning him fully into a bird. Sharper senses, faster reflexes, better balance and agility, claw retraction, a strong lung capacity—and wings.
Those wings were what pulled from his back that day and they were what save his life.
Because his mutation was a form of animal morphing, it meant not only could he bring all those physical aspects out—the wings, the claws, even a bit of feathers and down along his face, neck and ears, as well as a small crest of them threaded through his hair—he could also bring them back in. He wasn’t sure how. How giant wings big enough to be capable of flight were able to pull back into his back was a mystery to him that he’d never been able to figure out. Yet, they could. It was his sort of saving grace. The one thing that allowed him a semi-normal life.
Spencer knew he was lucky that his mutation was actually capable of being hidden. There were many more who couldn’t. It was only the fact that he could hide his that allowed him to have his job at the Bureau.
Being a mutant who worked at the FBI wasn’t the safest thing he’d ever done. Having to hide himself wasn’t easy and it definitely wasn’t fun. It was worth it, though. The job was something he loved and being able to help 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid
minor Tony Stark/Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Mutant Rights
Bombing
Violence
Mutant Spencer
FOH
Physical Mutations
Injury Recovery
Original Characters - Freeform
original character death
Death Threats
BAMF Spencer
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Weekly Updates
every Sunday
Pre-Civil War (Marvel)
Protective Avengers
Spencer's sort of adopted
by everyone

fandom: 
Remy LeBeau/Spencer Reid
minor Tony Stark/Bruce Banner

