Chapter 1: And in the loudness of the jungle, Silence but screamed
    




Chapter Text
It’s so much louder in the jungle than in the quiet of 180 acres of Avenger-owned property. Steve’s watching the mist roll through the trees. They’re so green, like God didn’t even bother waiting for the paint to dry before he slapped their existences here. The mist is slow and lazy– having all the time in the world to crawl through the hills, the rocks, the vines… It looks like it’d be quiet. But it’s so loud. Hoots, squawks, growls and noises he doesn’t even know how to figure out permeate the air like laughter in a crowded room.Six months. He’s been in Wakanda for six months. Sam had asked that he’d come back to the States, but Bucky’s here. There’s no way in hell that Steve’s leaving without Bucky. It doesn’t matter if it’s tomorrow or if it’s thirty years from now. He won’t leave without him again.In those six months, the Accords have seemed to do nothing except make people argue. Steve’s watched from the sidelines on T’Challa’s televisions as Tony’s been paraded around like a political ally and used as a way for Republicans to lie to the world about America being the strongest. ‘We have the Avengers and look what we can do.’ The world isn’t fooled and neither is Steve.Time’s are still hard. Tony at least still has Rhodey though. Hopefully Rhodey will keep him in check. Steve shouldn’t care so much. But he does. It’s not that they were ever best friends like Sam, and certainly not Bucky– but he and Tony had bled together. They’d served together– in a manner of speaking. And Steve almost severed that smug and tired head from Tony’s body…So yeah, Steve feels a bit guilty. Plus, what actually happened to Rhodey. God, Steve feels enough guilt to snap his spine. Sam feels the guilt too. Talked about it being like Riley all over again for someone else. But Tony is nothing if not clever and last Steve heard, Rhodey was walking with the aid of Stark tech, walls, and canes.A primate of some sort starts calling out, bring Steve’s attention back to the present. Six months ago– six months today– and no end in sight. Bucky’s still frozen. Steve’s no closer to his best friend than when he met him on a bridge in DC over a couple years ago.“Can’t sleep?” a voice asks.Steve smirks, a soft, subtle little expression, but it’s there. He’s not had the heart to really do much more than subtle since he woke from the ice all those years ago. A soft chuckle here, a quick smile there. That’s about all he can muster before he’s left feeling exhausted and like he’s lying to everyone around him.“Wakandan jungles are louder at night,” Steve says.T’Challa walks into the room, his feet completely quiet. He keeps to the walls before coming to stand by Steve next to the floor-to-ceiling window. “I can’t sleep without the sound.”Steve watches T’Challa, his furrowed brow, the proud way he holds his chin. He’s had to do a lot of growing up in the past six months– not that he wasn’t already grown up. Steve’s found him to be one of those ‘old soul’ types. He appreciates that T’Challa would rather joke about how loud Steve’s footfalls are instead of when he wanted to ship in a record player and some big band music. He even really understood when Steve asked that the record player be kept with Bucky, and always playing songs.Steve hates the thought of Bucky being there in silence when the jungle around them is so alive. Steve doesn’t really remember what happened when he was under the ice. Maybe like a nap, like death or something. He hadn’t dreamed. He hadn’t even known he was a he. But he does remember the silence.“I used to think Brooklyn was loud,” Steve jokes. It’s forced and the twitchy smirk with it is even more forced, but it’s there. He’s trying. That’s all he can do these days. Try. Try to make amends with his friends. Try to find a way to save Bucky. Try to work out a way that doesn’t result in him heading straight for a penitentiary. Try…“I spoke to Natasha today.” T’Challa looks over at him, waiting for something. A reaction perhaps, or maybe a simple acknowledgement that he’s spoken. Steve offers none. “She’s letting herself be taken to prison to make up for the past.”“We’re all trying to make up for the past. Jesus, Nat.” Steve heaves a heavy sigh. Trying and sighing. It’s about all he’s good for now. Leaving the shield behind had been one of the easiest things he’d ever done, but now with so much time in between? He’s come to think that perhaps he’s lost himself. Lost sight of who Steve Rogers used to be. Captain America was an icon and Steve had played the part. He’s still not really sure where Steven Grant Rogers–a kid from a Brooklyn that doesn’t even exist anymore– fits into this new-age world. Captain America fit. Steve’s not so sure about just himself. And now Nat’s trying to do the same, get rid of the Black Widow Mantle and just be. Is it this hard for her too?“Have you spoken to Tony?”“No.” Steve’s reply is so fast that he’s almost
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Background T'Challa/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Mutual Pining
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Graphic Depictions of Illness
Angst with a Happy Ending
Love Confessions
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Explicit Sexual Content
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
power bottom bucky barnes
Topping from the Bottom
Emotionally Constipated Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
(but not unreasonably slow)
Comic Book Science
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Friends to Lovers
Time Travel
Bearded Steve Rogers
pre-Infinity Wars

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Background T'Challa/Sam Wilson

