Chapter 1



Notes:
This chapter is beta-read and edited by  @carzla . Thank you so much XD




Chapter Text
    It was raining when Tony exited his car. In front of him was a church.He wasn't sure why it always rained nowadays, but it wasn't like he could do anything about it. Tony knew this weather kind of suited his mood, and his current mental state.Attending funeral after funeral after you've been beaten up by the father of the embryo in your womb in Siberia before he left you in the cold, was beyond hard and painful. Tony had cried himself to sleep more than once. However, he couldn't let anybody know, except Vision who had figured it out by himself."I sense a lifeform in you," the android had mentioned to him once. "Is it… Steve's?"Tony remembered breaking down in front of him, after that Vision never mentioned the relationship between Steve and the lifeform in Tony's womb again. He felt guilty, yet grateful. It had been barely a week after the incident in Siberia. Tony wasn't ready for something that would remind him of that event, and he doubted he would ever be. "Thank you for coming, Mr. Stark," an old beta woman, whose son was one of the soldiers Barnes had killed in Germany, greeted Tony with a sad smile. The said soldier was probably the only family she had left. Tony felt like someone was stabbing his heart all over again, just like the funerals he had attended earlier."You don't have to, really. I know it wasn't you," the old woman said, leading him into the church. Tony could see the sorrow on her face."I want to come," Tony said, putting on a mask of a strong man. He was crying on the inside because he truly wanted to stop attending funerals, but he couldn't. Tony knew this was Zemo's fault, but he had been with these men in that facility. He should have stopped Barnes, prevented these people from getting killed.So Tony went to their funerals, half because Secretary Ross wanted him to "take responsibility" and half because he knew he had to take the blame; he needed to take the blame. Before this, Tony couldn't care less. But Charlie Spencer had opened his eyes about the fact that there were always people crying and trying to find their beloveds after the fight when the so called Avengers went home to sleep. Now, Tony wouldn't just save the day and go to bed. He had consequences to deal with, and duties to perform.This was going to be a long day.    It was night when Tony got back to the Avengers facility in New York. He was tired, worn out, and also depressed by his deeper instinct because it kept calling for a mate he would never have. The life in his womb was barely six weeks old and Tony already felt like he was going to die from longing and misery.Pregnancy was one of the worst and best things a male omega could experience. If a male omega mated with a caring alpha who was ready to give him what he needed, to love him and care for him, it would be the best experience. Yet, Tony wasn't even mated when this happened. Then a few weeks after this lifeform appeared in his womb, its father rammed a shield into his chest. Tony had already been suffering from the half-formed bond, the weight of his duties, the tension, the conflict, the pain from being called a backstabber and losing friends, when he found out that Steve was protecting the one responsible for his parents' death. The next thing he did after Steve had walked away was to lie down and close his eyes.Tony had planned to tell Steve about the child, but then he learnt about Charlie Spencer and then Secretary Ross called him. Then shit happened, and it all went downhill so fast that Tony hadn't had time to breathe, much less talk to Steve about matters not related to the Accords. He couldn't keep his teammates out of the Raft, but he could at least help Steve if he could find out where Steve went. Still, the harsh words from Clint made Tony want to curl up into a ball and ignore the world around him. But he pushed that to the back of his mind, he had to stay strong. He had to help Steve, and Steve was in Siberia.On the way to Siberia, Tony decided that he would tell Steve about the child after they took care of Zemo. But when it was clear that Steve didn't choose him, Tony was prepared to die. His heart was breaking when they fought. He was on the verge of crying when Steve dumped the shield down in front of him and walked away with Barnes. Tony knew he was heartbroken at that moment, both himself and his omega-self. He couldn't handle losing Steve, and his omega-side couldn't handle losing its mate. To be honest, Tony would have truly died if not because of Vision. The android had found him, still lying on the ground in the same spot as he had been after that final battle, before he could freeze to death by his own choice. Tony got himself out of the expensive clothes as soon as he reached his room. He ordered FRIDAY to fill the tub with hot water before looking at himself in the mirror.The man in the mirror stared back at him with w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Angst
Male Slash
Mpreg
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Unresolved Tension
Tension
Bonding
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Hurt Tony Stark
Vision is trying his best to help
Civil War
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War (Marvel)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

