Work Text:

Now
Steve has a book out in front of him, nestled on a couch in one of the quiet parlors of T’Challa’s palace. The collection of poetry had been a suggestion from T’Challa who had cited meditation on the written word as part of his own warrior’s training, encouraging Steve to consider it. “The mind must be tempered as well as the body. Even more so for one who leads. Your turmoil spills over on them,” he had said, plainly referring to the rest of the Avengers who had taken refuge in Wakanda.  Dutifully, Steve had tried. But he had been on page eight for the last hour, eyes unfocused, voices swimming through his head: some angry, some hurt, and some soft and empty. Try as he might, the poetry couldn’t penetrate the fog they formed.It had been a week since Bucky had put himself back on ice, a week since Steve stood in front of his best friend and asked, “What if we can’t find a way to take out what Hydra put in?”“Then do it while I’m asleep,” Bucky had said, handing Steve his sidearm, “just like Zemo did for the others.”Steve understood the decision, but that was little enough balm for the part of him that had spent the last two years desperately searching. Steve had regained Bucky, only to lose him again far too soon.Just like Peggy.Ironic that Steve had “died” first out of them all. Now he is the last, alone, sworn to keep vigil while Bucky sleeps.Under different circumstances, Steve wonders if Howard might have been here too. Steve won’t apologize for what he’s done, but guilt still chews at his insides, remembering Tony’s final words as he struggled to his knees, the dying light of the arc reactor fragments spluttering out.#
One week ago
The edge of the shield cracks through the casing of the arc reactor, a gritty sound like feet crunching on hard packed snow. The higher systems fail immediately: weapons systems, FRIDAY, propulsion power. All gone.As Steve moves off of him, it takes all of Tony’s strength to twist in the heavy suit. Tony feels like he’s been hit with a truck, but the tide of adrenaline and betrayal help push him on.“My father made that shield. My father gave it to you.” Tony refuses to let Steve just walk away. He may not have a weapons system online, but he still has words. And if that’s all he has, Tony resolves to use them like knives. “But he doesn’t matter, does he? None of the victims matter to you.”“He wasn’t in control, Tony.”“Convenient excuse.”“I know him.”“Seventy years is a long time. People change.”“He was framed.”“In Vienna,” Tony replies viciously.Steve’s eyes narrow. He and Tony both know they could argue in circles endlessly. “We’re done here.”Steve drops the shield, stooping to help Barnes up, and poisonous resentment blossoms in Tony’s shattered chest. Steve is going to walk away and leave Tony with the mangled remains, just like he did with the Accords.If he had had the helmet on, a warning light would have gone on in the HUD indicating the backup power cells were damaged. If he’d had FRIDAY, her dulcet tones would have called his attention to this. Tony has neither, and in his rage he swings at Steve’s turned back. Most of the power in his punch is from the heft of the gauntlet rather than muscle. Directing the armor at this point is like driving a truck without power steering.The danger that that heralds clicks in Tony’s brain a second too late because Steve counters Tony’s gauntlet with speed the battered armor can’t match. Then in a split second, Steve clocks Tony with his free hand, knocking him out cold.#
Now
Steve is startled from his reverie as T’Challa walks into the parlor to hand over a Fedex package. Steve frowns at the “undeliverable” status stamped across the front, tears it open, and sure enough the phone and the letter spill out onto his lap.The possibility that Tony has returned the package with a tracker strikes Steve, but when T’Challa takes the flip phone for analysis, all indicators of tampering come back negative.“Perhaps he does not want your help,” T’Challa says, handing the phone back to Steve. “Perhaps you should send it to someone less proud.”The assessment of Tony, though not wrong, strikes something dissonant in Steve. Tony is proud, true, and maybe Steve has irrevocably lost yet another friend in Tony. It’s a possibility Steve has to live with—one more consequence to carry on his shoulders. So sadly Tony’s refusal of help isn’t what puts up the red flag. Tony is consummately curious—nosy some might even say. Steve can’t imagine him sending back a letter unopened.“I want to talk to him,” Steve says. “Would you put a call through?”T’Challa is stony faced. Steve still has difficultly reading the king, but he thinks he sees a glimmer of disapproval in his dark eyes. “With sufficient pretext.”They meet in T’Challa’s office and call early in the evening—early morning for New York time. They use an old speaker voice setup, audio only, no video. Steve keeps his mouth clamped shut, fist pressed to his lips as the line to the Avengers’ co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Not A Fix-It
Hurt Tony Stark
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Post-Credits Scene
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Not Shippy

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

