Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There was only so long Tony could distract himself with the blinking red light and baiting Ross.  Same thing with developing the robo-legs for Rhodey.  Sooner or later, he would have to face the events of the past several months.  So, once he’d - somewhat politely - told Ross to go to hell, he found himself staring at Steve’s attempt at an olive branch and decided, what the hell: he may as well get facing the shitstorm that was his life over with.Apparently, the universe had decided that Tony Stark was going to be its whipping boy.  It couldn’t even let something simple like his name go unscathed: Tony Stank.  Talk about kicking a dog while it was down.No matter what Tony did, no matter how hard and in how many ways he tried to help others, he somehow always ended up the villain and/or the loser.  Even when he compromised, even when admitted he made a mistake and tried to fix it, he still lost.  Somehow, Steve never even considered compromising or even taking into account someone else’s point of view and got to keep everything: friends, family, and freedom. Oh, and he got new allies and a safe haven.In that last fight, when Steve had said that Barnes was his friend, Tony had responded, “So was I.”  At the time, he was trying to point out how Steve had chosen to support one friend and betray another.  Tony had known, at that point, that he had no longer been Steve’s friend.Except that was wrong.  Now that he thought about it, he realized he had never been Steve’s friend.  Steve had been Tony’s friend, but there had never been any reciprocity. From the start, Steve had looked down on Tony, deciding, after having just met, that Tony was unworthy.  Supposedly, they’d put that aside during and after the Battle of New York, but Tony wondered now how much of that had been Steve’s guilt in the face of Tony’s near-sacrifice. When Tony decided to re-form and sponsor the Avengers, he’d thought Cap had come on board and that they were becoming true friends.But then Ultron happened and Tony got another taste of Steve’s “friendship”: standing by while Thor attacked an un-armored Tony and then attacking Tony himself when Steve chose to believe the turncoat Wanda about Tony’s motivations.  Even with those betrayals, Tony had somehow still believed that he was Steve’s friend.  And then even with Steve’s refusal to even seriously talk about the Accords, and his subsequent escape with Barnes, Tony had begged for and received 36 hours to bring them in, hopefully saving them from a worse fate.  When Tony had learned that Barnes might be innocent of the Vienna bombing, he’d broken the Accords himself, going behind Ross’ back, to help Steve and Barnes.  Every overture, every open hand, had been Tony’s.  Never Steve’s. Most of those overtures, Steve ignored, but the few times Steve had taken Tony’s offered hand, he’d turned around and stabbed Tony in the back.And then…he couldn't even think about it.  It was one thing knowing your parents had died; it was another to find out they'd been brutally murdered by seeing them be brutally murdered.  He hadn’t been close to his Dad, and their relationship had been rocky, to say the least (he realized now it was probably because they were so similar), but Howard was his Dad. And the opportunity to fix their relationship had been taken from them.  And his Mom…  He had to take a deep breath to hold back a sob.  She had been completely innocent, hurt, and afraid, but the Winter Soldier had murdered her without remorse.Now that Tony had had time to process his shock and grief, he knew Bucky Barnes wasn’t to blame for his parents’ murders; Barnes and his parents had all been victims of Hydra.  But he hadn’t been allowed the opportunity to come to terms with that.  Instead, he’d faced the shock and grief - and the betrayal of a man he had thought was his friend - all at once.  He’d reacted - not well, he could admit now - but he had been so overwhelmed by hurt and pain, he hadn’t been thinking straight; actually, he hadn’t been thinking at all.  He’d just wanted to strike out and hurt them as much as they’d hurt him.Steve had done them all a disservice by withholding the truth from Tony.  He hadn’t trusted Tony to be able to think it through and move beyond the grief and pain.  In doing so, he put Barnes in danger.  And Steve had revealed himself to be a selfish coward; at least he’d finally admitted he’d withheld the truth not for Tony’s sake, but for his own.  He had worked side-by-side with Tony for months, joked with him, made Tony think they were friends, all the while lying (and yes, a lie of omission is still a lie; Tony wouldn’t let Steve off the hook based on that technicality).  The hypocrisy was staggering.  Steve withholding the truth from Tony was just another instance of Steve knowing what was best and deciding for everyone. But how many times had Steve railed against Tony for keeping things from the team?  How many times had he criticized Tony for not bei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Angst
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Steve Rogers Angst
Sam Wilson Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

