Chapter 1: The Flow
    




Chapter Text

“Did you know?” Tony asks again. His eyes bore into Steve’s, begging for the answer he wants. 

Say no

, his eyes plead, 

please, say no.


Steve, straight-forward, 

honest 

Steve, finally meets his eyes. “Yes.”

And Tony-- Tony can do any number of things. He can go after Barnes, beat him to a pulp. He can blast the smug douche laughing at them in the other room. He can punch Steve right in his perfect teeth. He wants to do these things, all of these things and more but… he doesn’t. He doesn’t because he’s been making the wrong calls for as long as he can remember so Tony--

Tony walks away.

-----------------------------------------

Later, so many hours later, Tony’s staring down at the opened letter in his hand. There’s a red light blinking on his phone and thousands of miles away Steve is breaking the majority of the Avengers out of a prison that Tony helped put them in.


I’m glad you’re back at the compound

, the letter says, 

 you’ll do well as the new head of the Avengers

.

Tony watches the light blink. Pepper has faxed over some documents, still unable to look at him since Sokovia. Tony can’t blame her. He doesn’t want to look at himself either.

When he closes his eyes he can still see the Winter Soldier pulling his dad by the hair, slamming his face over and over again. He can see the man’s fingers (his human fingers) wrapped around his mother’s throat. He thinks it might have been easier to bare if he couldn’t imagine the feeling of skin on skin, the pressure as she was choked to death.

Tony doesn’t understand how Cap could just 

give up. 

Leaving the Avengers to a man like Tony Stark?

“Bad call, Cap,” Tony murmurs, tossing the letter onto the desk. It flashes in the glow of the blinking light and Tony hangs up on Ross. He picks up the phone, makes sure that no one else is on it, takes a deep breath.

Then he starts making his calls.

-----------------------------------------

“We’ve been exonerated?” Steve would almost think this was a trap if it weren’t for the fact that it’s Natasha that’s telling him. She’s made it a point to be honest with him after Shield fell.

“More than that,” Natasha says. She slides him a thick packet, much like the one she handed him that began all this. She nods at it as he picks it up. “That’s the new deal. Long story short on it, we stay the Avengers, completely autonomous with only a courtesy debrief after each meeting.”

Steve flips through it, eyes sliding across the words almost faster than he can comprehend. “This…how?”

He can compromise on this but he hadn’t thought it would be on the table 

ever

.

“I don’t know,” Natasha says. Her lips firm. “But I’m going to find out.”

-------------------------------------------

Tony’s tired. That’s what it comes down too. He’s tired of always being 

wrong

 when all he wants to be is 

good

. He’s a genius and a hell of a lot better than he used to be but he keeps 

failing 

at this whole morally right thing.

He doesn’t understand how men like Rogers always know what the right thing is and, therefore, he knows whose hands the Avengers will be better off in. Tony thinks he’s making the right choice (for once) even if he’s had to make a deal with the devil to do it.

Well, the devil doesn’t win here either. Ross has never worked with a Stark, Tony or otherwise, and he’s got no way of knowing what a 

nightmare 

it will be.

Tony’s already made the “hold” light brighter so he can properly enjoy the blinking from every angle.

He goes back to his tower before the deal goes through, doesn’t want to see the righteous return of Rogers and Barnes and everyone he’s done wrong by. His lab becomes his cocoon, protecting him from the things he might have tried to interfere with and he works with engines and neuropathology tech and nanofibers for Peter Parker. He creates non-violent things, protective things and secrets away his Ironman suits and drinks too much coffee until he feels like he did with the arc reactor in his chest.

When he talks to Ross, he hums and thinks about the time it would take a normal inventor to complete even the most rudimentary thing and halves it. He redefines the word “weapon” so many times he gets sick of it. He also reminds Ross that as long as Tony gives him his pound of flesh, no matter the form, the governments of the world will leave the Avengers 

alone

.

He hears that Bucky’s submitted to being refrozen in Wakanda. He doesn’t-- he doesn’t think about it (too big, too emotional) and he takes a closer look at brain mapping and overwriting for no real reason.

This is, of course, when Natasha shows up absolutely livid.

“You’re giving Ross weapons,” she hisses, stalking through twelve layers of security like they’re not even there.

He turns without surprise and gives her a smile with too many teeth. His eye is only a little discolored now, all flash and no swelling despite the super soldier fist to the face. “I’m not giving Ross wea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony just tries so hard okay?
Hurt/Comfort
Mostly hurt
Alternate Ending
Tony/Steve Endgame

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

