Work Text:
At first, Tony doesn't think it's weird.To be fair, he's also got a lot going on right now in his mind and he's desperately trying to do damage control with their limited resources. (Sometimes he gets so angry, feels it all under his skin and he wants to just go into Cap's room and smash everything—but then he'll leave his office and the whole compound feels...empty. Like even the ghosts have left and he can't even bring himself to do anything but turn right back around. He doesn't know if he'll ever forgive the Winter Soldier—but he knows one day he'll have to, that Cap's friend probably hates himself the most but Tony Stark is far from perfect. Colonel Zemo proved that—a human brought the gods to their knees and the pantheon will never rise again). The years pass and the anger fades little by little but it's poison and it's so deep in his body, he knows it'll take time to be drawn out.The thing is, with all the shit going on in his life, he doesn't really have time to pay attention to the rumor mill.Besides, he's Tony Stark—he's used to having his name dragged through the mud—and he's got bigger problems: the Sokovia accords are a menace, upgrades to Rhodey's armor (Tony'll never forgive himself, he should've—he'll do better, this will never happen again), and trying to keep the rest of the Avengers in line.So when he first actually hears about it—it's already gotten a little out of hand.*They're eating breakfast at that big empty table which used to house so many people but just has barely half their number to fill the seats, and Rhodey is idly flipping the channels when it lands on TMZ of all places."—Who knew Tony Stark liked them young, am I right?" Comes the end of the sentence and the group assembled around the camera in the obviously fake office-like setting laugh as one. Tony looks up from the paperwork (it's always fucking paperwork, he's going to have his coffin lined in it. He hopes Cap'll show up to the funeral, if only to help let him down one last fucking time) and squints.Even Vision raises his gaze to the flatscreen, looking more animated than he has in weeks."But seriously guys, isn't this like illegal ?" One of the people on the screen laughs, "like how can this guy's parents be ok with this?""What is happening?" Rhodey asks, more like demands and as if on cue, a picture flashes of Tony helping Peter Parker out of one his choice mustangs. They've blurred Peter's face, but it's still so obviously him.In bright red, aggressively angry font the words flash: "SUPERHERO SUGAR DADDY: TONY STARK RUMORED TO BE DATING MINOR AFTER STORMY BREAKUP WITH PEPPER POTTS.""Are you kidding me." Tony actually just stares flabbergasted at the screen. "Rhodey, if this—“"—Nah  Stank  , you overestimate how much effort I'd put into a prank if you think I could pull this off." Rhodey says, and he's studying the screen as if Christmas had come early. "They’re serious.""It would seem...Mr. Stark's repeated presence at the home of Mr. Parker has caught the attention of the local press." The Vision tries to summarize politely. "There is an incorrect yet prevailing notion that he and the young Mr. Parker are of an amorous relationship due to his wealth.""You're saying that everyone thinks that Tony is Peter Parker's sugar daddy—" Rhodey turns almost amazed. "I thought  NOTHING  would top 'Tony Stank', I'm so happy I was wrong. Because you can't keep a low profile, and because Peter's a minor and hasn't told anyone about his superpowers, people think you're  HIS SUGAR DADDY .""Hang on, first off me and Pepper are on a break." Rhodey and the Vision give a very political beat of silence that Tony desperately ignores. "Second, have they seen  Parker's aunt? Why is it—look, I get I used to have a thing for co-eds back when I was like 20 but this is—""—It's not exactly his aunt that you've been taking around town though, is it?" Rhodey shrugs deliberately unhelpful because Rhodey is his best friend but Rhodey is also an ass. "And it doesn't help you haven't been spending nearly as much time with any of your other bogus award 'recipients' as you have with Peter.""You can't be OK with this—""—Course not, Parker is a wonderful kid who got involved in something way over his head." Rhodey immediately cuts in, because Rhodey's always had a soft spot for kids. "Unfortunately, he's also about to turn 18 and he's been spending a lot of unsupervised time alone with you. Doesn't help you never actually leave the compound unless you have to nowadays either.""I'm helping  TRAIN  him. I'm a  MENTOR  ." Because this is the most ridiculous thing he's faced since this whole fiasco with Cap's undead boyfriend had even started. "And besides, saving the world—kind of a lot harder now that we have orders and bureaucratic bullshit to deal with—it's a miracle I can leave the compound." It'd been a major sticking point of his in the first place, still to an extent is (he's the only one allowed to run repairs and diagnostics on the Iron 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Everyone thinks that Tony is actually Peter's sugar daddy
even Peter
Tony had no actual idea this was happening
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Tony Has Issues
Peter Parker is way too mentally stable to deal with them but he's trying anyway
Tony isn't actually ok turns out lol
Angst
Oral Sex
Intercrural Sex
Loss of Virginity
Age Difference
Aged-Up Character(s)
Unhealthy Relationships
Emotional Baggage
Mentions of PTSD
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
implied James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

