Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Every inch of Tony’s body hurt, but it was nothing compared to the emotional torment that raged inside him. He felt raw and torn apart. As if it weren’t bad enough that he’d been the cause of so many deaths and had to carry that guilt, the moment he tried to do the right thing, the whole world went to Hell. The loss of the Accords, the fights with Rogers and Barnes, the loss of that friendship right along with Clint and Natasha’s, 

Rhodey

, finding out that Barnes had been responsible for his parents’ deaths and Steve had 

known

… He wasn’t sure how any one person was supposed to bear it.

Tony lay on the ground, partially in snow, and stared at the shield Steve had left behind. The icy cold of the stone floor seeped into the metal of his battered armor and eased some of the physical pain, not that it mattered. The blood on Tony’s face hadn’t so much dried as it had frozen. He felt drained and exhausted, but the aches of his body and the roiling turmoil of his emotions kept him from sleep.

Despite all the pain, a transcendent kind of numbness had overcome him. He couldn’t even think about getting up, about moving. It wasn’t like it would make a difference, anyway. His suit was fried, and surely Steve and Bucky had taken the Quinjet. There wasn’t anywhere he could go.

He’d have to get up eventually, of course. He knew that, in a distant sort of way. He’d probably have to scavenge for parts from what was in the Hydra base to at least get a message out for a pickup. God, but there would be Hell to pay for this entire, massive clusterfuck. Somehow, he’d have to scrape up the energy to deal with it all, to try and hold things together when they did nothing but fall apart.

Tony’s eyes fluttered shut for a moment.

He was so 

tired

 of the struggle.

He couldn’t be sure how much time had passed since Rogers had left him there, dragging Barnes off with him. Hours, at least. In all honesty, Tony couldn’t even bring himself to care. 

The sky outside dimmed and eventually fell dark as Tony floated in his half-aware state and the air around him grew impossibly colder. He probably had frostbite, now that he thought about it. The Iron Man armor, especially without power, wasn’t exactly insulating. 

When he first heard the scraping and tapping, it took Tony a minute to realize that they were coming from deeper inside the compound. The sounds continued, and Tony’s sluggish brain eventually registered them as footsteps, several sets. 

Voices accompanied the footfalls, though Tony couldn’t make out the words or was at least having trouble processing them. His brain felt like it was moving through molasses. He rolled his head to the side, the most movement he’d made since he’d been left alone, to watch in the direction of the noises.

Something inside screamed for him to get up, to move, to 

go

 - but Tony couldn’t so much as make his fingers twitch. 

He didn’t know who had found the base and was investigating, but, in the end, he supposed it didn’t really matter. Tony didn’t have any friends left. All he had were enemies, those who were quicker to turn their backs than to give him a smile. Pepper hadn’t talked to him in nearly two weeks, and Happy was with her. 

It certainly wasn’t Rhodey or that Spiderkid coming to have tea. 

Light was the first thing he saw, the blinding beam of a flashlight sweeping over floors and walls. It swept over him, too, and then jerked back to focus on him. 

The voices were louder, all of a sudden, and then the footsteps picked up speed. The shadowy shape of a person crouched beside him, the others staying back. Tony couldn’t even say how many there were. Two or twenty, it made no difference to him. He attempted to focus on the person crouched beside him, with moderate success. 

It occurred to him for the first time that he likely had a concussion.

Goggles and a ski mask were pulled aside to reveal a man’s face, framed by a fur-lined hood. His skin was tanned and weathered, his expression grim. He said something that Tony couldn’t make sense of, a foreign language maybe, and then said something to the rest of the group when Tony didn’t respond. 

Tony felt himself beginning to drift again until a gloved hand on his chin brought him back.

“Tony Stark,” the man said gruffly, his voice heavily accented. “Iron Man.”

Tony could only blink sluggishly at him. The man’s frown deepened. He spoke again to those behind him and Tony let himself slip away even as he felt hands upon his suit, dragging him back into the depths of the compound.

.

Another enemy fell as Bucky and the other Avengers fought their way deeper into the base. 

It’d only taken a year for Steve to track down someone able and willing to help with what Hydra had left in Bucky’s head, a Professor Charles Xavier. Of course, it’d taken months on top of that before they could be sure all of the programming had been removed. Nearly two years in total, and yet so much had happened, so much had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Kidnapping
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Permanent Injury
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It
Fix-It of Sorts
Mostly I Make Everything Worse
Enemies to Friends
Psychologists & Psychiatrists
Psychological Trauma
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Distrust
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Guilt
Steve Feels
Protective Steve
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Avengers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Eventual Happy Ending
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Questionably Happy Ending
Character Death
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Aftermath of Violence
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Harley Keener
Harley Keener Needs a Hug
Mental Health Issues
mental health
Therapy
Merchant of Death Tony Stark
Magic
steve is kind of an asshole
But only because he's scared of losing his friend
Character Development
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
Stockholm Syndrome
Sort Of
Friendship
BAMF Tony Stark
later on
secret powers

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

