Work Text:
1. Peter swings between a few apartment buildings before flipping in the air towards his intended target. Just before he webs down he hears, "Superhero landing, do the superhero landing!" He looks up after (admittedly) killing the ‘superhero landing’ to find Deadpool doing the slow clap. "Yesss! It never gets old!" "I think you need some new material," Peter says.Deadpool puts his hands on his cheeks, his mask stretching comically wide on his face as he squeals. "You've been keeping tabs on me? Aw, Spidey, I didn't even know I was on your radar! I bet those spidey-senses tingle extra special when old ‘Pool is around, eh?"Peter has to bite his lip to keep from grinning; it doesn't matter if Deadpool wouldn't be able to tell, it's the principle of the thing. "What can I say, your reputation precedes you." Deadpool hums and takes out one of his katanas before swinging it, just because he can, probably. "I definitely excel in word of mouth, that's for sure. And other things that involve mouths (no, you’re right, too sleazy and too soon). That and everyone has an iPhone these days. I swear, Webs, I miss my old Motorola Razr. You probably think that's some fancy blade or something, don't you baby boy?" Peter’s totally lost the thread of conversation now, and is pretty sure not all of that was even directed toward him. He’d heard from the Avengers that talking to Deadpool often felt like being in a race you had no business running. He's about to interrupt when Deadpool says, "Aaanyway, big fan, love the suit, had it first and all that jazz."Peter cocks his head and says, "Pretty sure that's my line." He's talking about the first part of the sentence and steadfastly ignoring the rest because wrong. “Although not directed at you, of course,” he tacks on, because no. He’s definitely not a Deadpool fan and he can’t go giving this guy any false hope.  "Oh, honey, you're gonna need to accept that we'll be sharing the zingers if we’re doing this team-up thing. I mean, we’re likely to be voted Most Witty Masked Couple, after all.""We're not a couple," Peter frowns, crossing his arms over his chest. He’s pretty sure that wasn’t the important part of that most-recent ramble but -- well -- it’s the only part that made his cheeks heat up, so. Oh, wait. He should’ve objected to the team-up part. Dammit. He was so failing in this ‘don’t give any false hope’ thing. "Ye-et," Deadpool sing songs. "This is a slash fic, baby, we'll get there. Hey, maybe it'll even be one of those 'E' ones, those are the best.I’m not talking about ‘E’ for effort either, although you know I’d give it my all. Straight up 10’s all the way, totally would land the dismount. Which we already know you can do, by that entrance a minute ago."Peter rubs at his temple, sighing. He’s not even going to attempt to unpack all that, lest his headache grow even larger. "Look, I just dropped in” -- he ignores Deadpool's delighted giggle at the pun while silently being proud of himself -- “to let you know this city is under my watch and to make sure you wouldn't be killing anyone while you’re here." "Aww, now why'd you have to go and bring the ‘K’ word into this? We were having a perfectly lovely meet-cute! I envisioned great things for us, sweetums. You, me, rooftop gardens, the finest Mexican food carts New York has to offer." "Sorry not sorry?" Deadpool laughs, delighted. "Oh, Spidey, you see how MFEO we are? We’re more than that, we’re like BAMF MFEO. It's kismet, baby!"When the Avengers had briefed him on Deadpool, they played up the Kills People for Money Has No Real Morals angle and left out the Is Pretty Damn Funny and Charming in a Weird, Terrifying Sort of Way part. Peter stands taller, refusing to get distracted further. He fixes Deadpool with a hard, cold stare that he hopes resonates through the mask. "You kill people for a paycheck, dude. I don't associate myself with those types of BAMFs.""Au contraire, my Webbed Wonder, I’d say you can't help but be associated with the baddies. I mean, your Rogues Gallery alone is quite the crowded family portrait. A little weak in my opinion. Doc Ock? Come on, baby, you can do better than that. But I digress, even the lustrous other spider-babe (I’m talkin’ bout Black Widow, natch) and her weird Link-like bestie have some shade-eee backstories. Why does no one ever mention that? At least I unalive the people who deserve it.""I'd love to dissect that piece by piece, I really would, but I think I've wasted enough time here. I said my part, okay? If you're going to be hanging around this city again, I expect you to keep out of trouble.""What happens if I do? Ooooh, better yet, what happens if I don't?” "You probably wouldn't like it, you weirdo." "I wouldn't be so presumptuous, baby boy. As our goddess Rihanna said, stick and stones may break my bones, but chains and whips excite me.""I'm leaving!" Peter announces loudly, his cheeks burning. He’s probably had another occasion where he was more thankful for his m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Humor
Meet-Cute
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Secret Identity
Making Out
Grinding
Flirting
Bad Pick-Up Lines
Banter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

