Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint Barton woke in his bed at Stark Tower, lifted his hands above his head, stretched – and stopped.
His lower back twinged painfully.  Clint frowned and reviewed everything he had done in the past twenty-four hours that could have caused an ache like that.  He’d done a little sparring with Natasha, there had been that incident with the drone beetles, but that was weeks ago, what – ?
His stomach gave a painful twinge.  Clint closed his eyes as the reality of what was happening struck him.  Oh, fuck.  Why was this his life? 
Clint sighed and rubbed a hand over his face.  He lay in bed for half a minute before he forced himself up and into the shower.  Tony had fitted the Tower with an amazing shower system.  Maybe the hot water would make him feel better.
It did, actually.  Clint stood under the spray and let the water pour over him.  When he couldn’t delay it any longer, he reached one hand around himself and gingerly prodded at his hole.  It was tender, and his finger came back smeared with blood.

Fuck.

Clint ducked his head back under the spray and let the pressure pound the tension out of his shoulders.  He mentally counted back and grimaced, realizing it had been at least six, maybe even seven months, since his last cycle.  It had been before New Mexico and Thor, and way before Loki.  
That meant this cycle was going to be a doozy.  Clint groaned and let the water cascade over him.  He might as well get used to it.  He was probably going to be spending the next five days in the shower.
Finally, Clint reluctantly turned off the water and dried himself with a towel.  He patted his hole gently before rummaging around in his drawers for the box of tampons he half-remembered bringing over from his old apartment.  He’d been planning to stay in his own place, but Stark had shown up, made fun of his couch, and then somehow moved him into Stark Tower.  Clint hadn’t had time to grab a lot of stuff.
Not that he’d had a lot of stuff to grab.  
Clint followed the eccentric billionaire because Coulson was still dead, and Clint’s entire life was basically in shambles.  Coming to live with Stark had been less work than telling him to fuck off, so Clint had moved in.  It had been another two weeks after that before medical revealed Coulson had been kept barely alive on twelve kinds of life support.  Fury had been hunting for a possible cure, and had finally let the Avengers in on the secret when he had a lead on something.  The team had been pretty pissed for a while, but the cure had come through.  Phil had woken up and recognized them all, and Stark had promptly stolen him away from S.H.I.E.L.D. and moved him into the Tower.
It had been to “further his recovery” Tony’d claimed, and so JARVIS could keep an eye on the still healing agent.  Natasha had agreed, and Fury had just rolled his eyes and gone along with it, which told Clint he’d been hoping for that exact reaction.
The team without Coulson had been… fragmented.  As powerful as the Avengers were, they needed someone grounded to keep them together.  Clint was pretty sure Fury had pegged Cap for that person, but he was still reeling from the whole “it’s not 1945” thing and hadn’t exactly stepped up to the plate. 
It had been five months since Coulson had returned to them, and though he spent the first three months recovering and coordinating missions from the ground, he was now fully healed and back in the fight.  Technically, he was the “official liaison to the Avengers Initiative”, but then technically Clint and Natasha were still S.H.I.E.L.D. agents on an extended op.  
What it really meant, Clint knew, was that Coulson was no longer his boss.  Clint had hoped that would change something between them, but it hadn’t happened yet.
Or rather, it had been starting to happen.  Maybe.  Clint liked to tell himself that, anyway.  It was all for shit now, though, because Coulson always disappeared when Clint started his cycle.  Clint had never asked him why, but he suspected it had something to do with the indignity of possibly losing control and lusting after someone he didn’t actually have feelings for.  
Which was fine.  It was totally fine.  Clint understood that Coulson didn’t see him that way, and he was okay with it.  Alright, he was dealing with it.  He might have been lulled into a false sense of hope over the past five months, with the casual touches and the gentle leaning, but he should have known better.  Coulson might have brought him pizza when Clint watched TV on the couch, or stopped by the range to watch him practice, but that was probably just a team thing.  Clint knew that.  He did.  He just liked to dream, sometimes. 
That was all over now.  He’d be Coulson-less for at least two weeks.  Clint usually cycled for about five days, and then he had a twenty-four hour break until his heat started in earnest.  He wished he could go on the damn blues again, but that wasn’t an option.
Sighing, Clint dressed and made his way down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Omega Clint
Alpha Phil
Omega Tony
History of childhood sexual abuse
History of dub-con
Attempted Rape
Assault
Mentions of mpreg as a possibility
pining!Clint
protective!Coulson
Happy Tower Time AU

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

