Work Text:

oOoOoOo


Avengers Compound, New York


He’s done.

He’s known it for awhile now, but pushed himself right to the limit. Over and over, he’s tried to do the right thing, tried to wash the blood from his hands, tried to assuage his guilt. Tried to wipe the red from his ledger. But it doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter how many foundations he funds, how many beneficial technologies he develops, how many charitable projects he starts. 

Tony Stark is the Merchant of Death, and it’s that legacy that will follow him into the ground.

Maybe it’s never mattered. Maybe it’s always been futile. Maybe the entire point of his birth, his life, his continued survival against every single odd stacked against him has been to serve as the world’s scapegoat. Quite frankly, he’s tired of carrying the weight of other people’s sins and failures. He has enough of his own without everyone around him stacking more on top of him. 

Stane, Hammer, Aldrich. They all tried to break him, and failed. Loki tried and failed. Ultron tried and failed. His critics and his exes and every junior reporter sniffing after a scoop tried and failed. 

It took the Avengers to break him. The hilarious, ridiculous, pathetic thing was, they weren’t even trying. 

But that’s the story of his life, right? Everyone else gets to do whatever the hell they want, damn the consequences, and because their intentions were good, no harm no foul. But Tony? Even his most altruistic of intentions are scrutinized and dissected, put under the microscope, cross-examined and interrogated for villainous motives.

So he’s just… done. 

He’s done with it all. 

“Mr. Stark? We’re ready, sir.”

Tony shakes himself out of his introspection and glances at the foreman, then back at the room where his team used to unwind. If he squints right, he can see them all. Wanda and her teas, Steve and his history books. Sam tinkering with Redwing. Vision. Natasha. Rhodey. Clint, bringing the family for a visit. Pepper, perched on the arm of Rhodey’s chair, nose wrinkled but laughing at some pathetic joke Clint made. 

“Mr. Stark?”

He sighs through his nose, lifts an arm from where they’re tightly folded against his chest, rubs at his eyes. “I need a minute.”

“Take your time, sir.” The foreman respectfully withdraws, leaving Tony with his ghosts. 

Tony pulls the letter Steve sent him out of his jacket pocket and flips it, still folded, between his fingers thoughtfully. 

I’m glad you’re back at the compound. The Avengers are your family

, Steve said. 

Well, he’d certainly thought so. Until he’d seen every single one of their backs as they walked away. In the end, he’d just been the guy with the money and the ego, given tolerance but not respect. Annoying, obnoxious, always wrong. Always wrong, no matter what.


I’m sorry I hurt you. I thought I was protecting you, but I was only protecting myself. 



Too little, too late, 

Tony thinks, and pulls his father’s old Zippo out of his other pocket. Way too little, far too late. His thumb flicks the lid of the Zippo open and shut, open and shut. The rhythmic sing-click of the metal soothes him, centers him. He lights the wick with another flick of his thumb, and touches the flame to the corner of the letter, watching it catch. 

He holds it as it burns, nearly until it’s burning his fingers, watches Steve’s handwriting brown and crumble, blow into ash and dust, then drops the remnants on the floor. Without a second look, or another thought, he turns and walks to the door, through the door, and out onto the lawn. He doesn’t even look down and think of Thor as he passes the place where the Bifrost touched, the runes still burned into the ground. Not this time. Not ever again. 

“I’m done,” he calls to the foreman as he heads towards his car. He tosses a hand up, waving over his shoulder. “Level it.”

Driving away from the Avengers Compound, he only looks back once, lifting his eyes to the rearview mirror when the series of muffled booms announce the demolition crew blew the charges set around the place. There’s a cloud of dust and debris in the distance behind him, and he feels a pang of loss. 

It was never real, but it was nice to pretend it was.

oOoOoOo



Barton Family Farm


Laura Barton stares at him with hollow, lined eyes, leaning on the door as if it’s the only thing holding her up. “Tony,” she says tiredly, in lieu of hello. “I don’t know where he is.”

Tony resists the urge to fidget, to shift from foot to foot. It’s a better reception than he thought he’d get, but it’s still an uncertain welcome. “I know,” he says. “Clint’s an idiot, but he wouldn’t risk telling you. Not because you’d tattle on him. Because he wouldn’t want you to be charged with colluding or aiding and abetting or whatever other charges the government has for folks these days. May I come in?”

Laura bites her lip and stares at him some more, then her head goes down and she steps back, pulling the door wider. It’s not explicit, but it’s pretty clear.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Compliant
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst ahead
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Working Out My Feelings Through Fic
Civil War (Marvel)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers

fandom: 
None
