Work Text:
“Tony?” Steve asks after the battle is over the whole team is in the same area, besides Tony.
“Does anyone know where Tony is?” When he gets no response they all shake their head.
“Tony report!” When still no answer comes Steve really starts to freak
“JARVIS, where is tony and what is his status?”
“Tony has been brought back to the tower, by my command as he was unable to make the call himself. As for his condition. You’re going to need to see it for yourself.
The team quickly makes their way back to the tower and once inside Steve speaks up
“Where is Tony?”
“He is currently on the common floor, but you should proceed carefully. His current condition could be quiet difficult to process.”
“Is he hurt? Is he in pain?” Steve demands
“He is currently unconscious but not by injury per say.”
“Why is he being so cryptic?” Natasha demands,
“We’re here.” Steve says rushing out of the elevator. What he doesn’t expect to find is a sleeping 8 year old boy on the couch.
“Who is this?” Steve asks
“That is Sir.” JARVIS informs “And he appears to be waking up.”
They all look at the boy who slowly comes back to reality. He groans slightly before opening his eyes. He looks at each and every one of them and then sits up sighing.
“Tony?” Steve asks hesitantly 
“He doesn’t pay ransom.” Tony says sounding way too old for his age.
“He doesn’t what?” Steve asks clearly confused.
“He doesn’t pay ransom.” Tony repeats like he’s said it a thousand times. “You’re wasting your time.” Tony says looking over to them. “Wow, they really must have put up a good fight this time.”
“What?” Natasha asks clearly confused.
“Your clothes.” Tony says like it’s obvious. “You fought them. Usually they take me from school or when I’m outside when I’m not protected. How’d you get me anyway?”
“Get you?” Steve asks still confused
“Of course.” Bruce says realizing “He thinks we kidnapped him.” The other Avengers take in a breath
“What?” Steve breaths out outraged
“We didn’t kidnap you Tony.” Bruce says softly “We’re trying to protect you.”
Tony shakes his head. “They’re gonna find me.” The way Tony says it makes Steve pause. It’s more like resigned not relief.
“Do you want them to find you?” Steve asks quietly
“Mhmm.” Tony nods
“Okay, you seem like a smart kid, Tony so I’m going to tell you what is actually going on.”
Team gives Steve and warning look but he shakes it off.
“I’m smarter then you.” Tony says crossing his arms “You’re dumb. You think you’re getting money.”
“I don’t think… okay, what’s really going on is dad had to go one a trip. And he asked us to babysit you.”
“No.” Tony shakes his head “You’re lying.”
“No I’m not.”
“Yeah you are. Jarvis and Anna take care of me when he’s gone.”
“They had to go with him.” Steve says firmly
“He wouldn’t hire a babysitter. he’d just leave me.” Tony says with a glare. “I know you’re lying.” Steve takes a step back
“Tony…” Steve says quietly
“Okay, how about this.” Bruce says stepping forward. “Just believe us when we say we’re not going to hurt you, and we’re not trying to get ransom.” Bruce is going to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder but before he can Tony flinches back making the team on alarm. That’s the kind of flinch a kid has when he’s been hurt before.
“Don’t touch me!” Tony shouts cowering in on himself. Bruce puts his hands up
“Okay, okay. Relax. No one is going to touch you.” Tony gives him a skeptical look.
“I want Jarvis.” Tony mumbles
“Tony, we’re friends you can trust us.” Steve tries to convince tony
“I don’t believe you.” Steve indicates that they should go in the other room and talk. They all nod and head to the corner where they can see him, but can’t hear them.
“Should we tell him the truth. He’s clearly smart, maybe if we told him what was happening he’d be less scared of us.” Steve says in a hushed voice
“I don’t think it’s us he’s scared of.” Bruce replies 
“What do you mean?” Steve asks
“Well, let’s discuss the plan, and later we can discuss that.” Bruce says
“Okay. Well what do we tell him?”
“I say go for the truth, nothing else is working. And Thor? Maybe you could go and try and find a way to change him back.” Clint says taking point.
“I think that’s a good plan for now.” Steve looks over “Guys.” He says alarmed. They turn and look and find an empty couch
“JARVIS, where did Tony go?” Steve says running over.
“He went to use the bathroom. He is just finishing up.” They share a look as Tony comes back from around the hall.
“Can I go home now?” Tony says plopping back on the couch. “Or can I at least have something to do?”
“Thor.” Steve motions and Thor heads for the landing pad
“You know, this place is nice. I don’t see to why you need money.” Tony says curious “Wait,” Tony pauses looking at Steve “You’re dressed as Captain America. Why?” Tony demands.
“Well, Tony. I am Captain America.” Steve says softly hoping that helps.
Only it makes matters worse as tears start to form in his eyes
“You’re not here to get money.” Tony says softly as tear fall down his face. “You’re here to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged Tony Stark
De-aged!Tony
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
abused Tony
Tony Feels
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Angst
Protective Steve Rogers
Three Random Words
Tony Stark Has Issues
Agent Carter References
Genius Tony Stark

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

