Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Well that didn’t feel good.” Peter groaned as he tried to move his sore muscles to no avail. “What?” He looked up at his arms, which were webbed together to the beam above him. How the hell? He thought. He gave his arm a shake to free them, displaced some dust. He sneezed as he inhaled it through his mask. He looked up again, “Why would this web break?” His eyes adjusted to low light. “SHIT!” he felt his stomach drop. Black web. That could only mean one person. Spiderman took in his surroundings. Nothing much to see, just the dark of a hollow out old building, no sign of Venom anywhere. Peter wasn’t going to stick around for him the show up. He strained harder against the binds, dislodging more dust. He sneezed and coughed as the thick cloud fell on him. “Damn old building.” Spiderman gasped as his sneezing stop. He wiggled his arm, almost, one more pull. When black web shot out, securing his arms again. Then the lights came on blinding him. “Hello Sssssspider.” A hiss came from in front of Peter. He blinked, adjusting to the light as Venom stalked toward him.
“Well if it isn’t tall, dark and ugly,” Spiderman snarked at symbiote, trying to quell down his increasing fear, “What is it catch a spider day.” Venom grinned, “No. We have sssssomething better in mind.” Reaching out a clawed hand to graze the spider’s side. Peter shift away in surprise, “What the hell, Venom.” He felt heat flush to his face. Venom edge closer to the spider. Peter started to panic. What the hell is going on? Venom ran both hands down Peter’s side. Peter kicked out to push him away but the symbiote was too quick and grabbed the Spider’s leg with a tentacle from his body. Peter hopped on one foot trying to catch his balance and alleviated so pull of his arms. Venom purred as the spider’s movements rubbed his cock against the smaller male. Peter went still and wide eye as he notice the symbiote’s large erection rub against his thigh. “NO, NO, NO,” He protested, “STOP. I want to talk to Eddie.” Venom’s hand still above Peter’s ass. Peter looked into Venom unreadable expression and held his breath. Maybe Eddie can talk some sense into the crazy alien, Peter thought, trying not to think about the heat coming off Venom’s palm. He watched as the symbiote pull back to reveal Eddie’s blue eyes and blond hair. Peter flushed as he looked into the handsome man’s face. He had forgotten how good-looking Eddie was. “Yes Peter.” Eddie said in a husky voice. Peter gasped as he felt it pulsate straight to his cock. He took a deep breath and give a little cough as he inhale more dust.
Eddie grin at Peter’s cough. “Well,” Eddie drawled slowly, “You wanted me.” Eddie’s hand moved down Peter’s ass and gave it a firm squeeze. Peter gave an involuntary thrust against him and a stifle gasp. Eddie groan as his felt the friction against him. Take the sssspider now, the symbiote hiss in Eddie’s head. No, we have to wait. Eddie warned. We don’t want to wait. WE NEED HIM NOW. Eddie felt his hips thrust roughly against the spider’s suit. He groaned and rolled his head back, enjoying the sensation coursing through him. But if we complete the plan, we can have him and more. Eddie felt his hips still as the alien thought. Ok, but hurry. We do not like to wait. It hiss and as if to show him who is in control, gave another thrust. Eddie hear Peter give another little gasp and turn his attention back on the trapped spider.
Mmm, if only he had remove Spiderman’s mask then Eddie would have given in to the temptation. “Yes,” Eddie said again, running his free hand up the spider’s thigh. “Wha, What are you doing?” Peter asked breathlessly. Eddie chuckled, “We think it’s pretty obvious.” He brought the hand on down Peter’s chest grazing his nipples that start too pebbled through Spiderman’s suit. Eddie felt the Peter shiver under his touch. “No,” Peter huffed, “I don’t want this.” Eddie grinned back at Spiderman. “Okay.” He let go of Peter and move back to lean against the wall in front of Peter.
 Peter stared in shock as Eddie backed away from him. He cut a soft whine short as his body protest the loss of heat and pressure. “Okay?” Peter question with a rise of hope. “Yeah, sure.” Eddie grinned, “We can wait.” Peter felt the breath rush out his body. “Wait for what?” “For you to beg for it.” Eddie laughed at Peter’s question. “Well that’s never going to happen, so you might as well let me go.” Peter splutter, shaking his arms and coughing as he dislodge more dust. Eddie just shook his head still laughing. “You are going to find that you’re not going to have much of a choice soon.” Eddie smirked back at him.
Peter looked at Eddie confused. What does he mean I’m not going to have a choice? He coughed again. This damn dust. He looks up at his arms and notice the yellow dust settling on him. “What?” he exclaim. “It’s pollen,” Eddie hinted, “Sex pollen to be exact.” “Sex pollen, your drugging me!” Peter accused. “No. We just put it on the beam. You’re d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Blow Jobs
Groping
Light Bondage
Maybe - Freeform
idk - Freeform
hidden agendas
Eventual Happy Ending
Sexual Coercion
Dirty Talk
Drug-Induced Sex
Mpreg

fandom: 
Spider-Man/Venom
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker

