Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“... wait, no don't put me on hold, Stark, I mean it this time!” Ross's gruff voice sounded through the landline's speakers.Tony stood over his desk, his hand hovering over the phone's 'on hold' button, his lips upturned.“Sorry, Ross, I think there's someone else calling in-”He paused, mouth widening into a full smile, at the explosion now occurring, on the other end of the line.“You and I both know that it's untrue! There's no one-”“I really hope that I don't cut you off, like I did last time.”Tony ended the phone call. Within seconds, the line sprang to life, once more. Tony chuckled to himself, considering, in his mind, the particular hue of red that would be discolouring the secretary's face, in that moment.
You'd think that he would know me by now. 
No, he amended to himself, better to fantasise about actually having been present, in the room, when the secretary had realised all of his prisoners had escaped--At the hands of Steve Rogers.The mental image of the golden-haired pretty-boy supersoldier instantly ceased Tony's amusement. He was still internally debating whether he had done the right thing, in not reporting Steve, the moment that he became aware that he would attempt to rescue his comrades. Initially, Tony had told himself that he had been swayed by Steve's clear heartfelt letter. Reading it, Tony had felt concurrent waves of heat and cold wash over himself. He could not deny that he had missed Steve, despite all that had occurred between them. Tony had truly hoped that they could work out their differences.Now, he simply couldn't perceive how that could be possible.Tony was well aware that Steve considered himself to be utterly righteous. Even when he had kept from Tony the truth of his parent's death, Steve still deemed himself to be virtuous, in his actions. Steve had mentioned, in the letter, that, by withholding what he knew from Tony, he had ultimately wished to save himself. Though he felt grateful for the admission, it was too late, too much of an acknowledgement of Steve's failure, of his utter selfishness. Tony knew a little about selfishness, himself. He never denied that he wasn't a deeply flawed individual.However, that in no way meant that he could find the strength, within himself, to forgive Steve.He supposed it was funny, in a way. Steve Rogers, the perfect American superhero “A one for the USA! USA! Freedom!” was now a hunted criminal. As for himself, he was now working with the government. Tony Stark the alcoholic, post-traumatic-stress suffering ex-arms dealer.Yep, life was a right riot act, for him, of late. Hardee har. Marx Brother's shenanigans had nothing on him. He wandered out of his office, through the kitchen and down the corridor, towards his exercise room, situated at the back of the condominium. Hell, he thought, if he was Groucho Marx, then Rhodes could be Chico, Steve Harpo and.. why not? Throw in the murderous sociopath Bucky for Zeppo. Very pretty man, sure, but ultimately useless. At least to Tony.He opened the door to the exercise room and made his way to the far left corner, circumventing the treadmills, to reach the figure lying on his back and pumping a weighted dumbbell up and down. Upon sensing him coming closer, Rhodes placed the dumbbell back on its rack and sat up. Tony deliberately kept his eyes focused on his friend's face, telling himself not to glance down at his legs. It was impolite to stare at the new fandangled technology, even if he had designed, and built it himself. Though Rhodes was still a little wonky on his feet (he now only fell down three times a day, instead of every time he attempted to walk), he was getting much stronger.“I really wish you would stop looking at me like that, Stank,” Rhodes said, grinning.“Like what?” Tony strongly resisted the urge to roll his eyes. The 'Stank' teasing was already getting to be old.“Like I'm a puppy that you've found run over, by the side of the road.”Tony blinked. He didn't realise that he was staring at Rhodes in such an obvious way.“Listen, Tony...You know that none of this is your fault-”“I never said that it was.”Rhodes ceased any further output from Tony with an irritatingly understanding look.“I made my choice. And I believe it was the right one-”“We've already had this conversation, as I recall.”“I think... I know that you've been under a lot of stress... hearing the truth about your parents. Everything that happened with Rogers, I know that would have added to it.”This time, the smile that crept up Tony's face held neither humour, nor warmth.“That's the thing about life, isn't it? Tends to suck.”“That's not the Tony Stark I know talking,” Rhode's voice lowered.“Oh yeah? And who is the Tony Stark that you know?” Tony snapped. Both their eyes held. To his credit, Rhodes didn't look away. “Yes, you're right. I have been under a lot of stress. A little illness, you may have heard of it. It's all the rage in psychiatrist circles. Post-traumatic-stress-disorder. Kin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Rape Aftermath
Gang Rape
Past Rape/Non-con
HYDRA Trash Party
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Genius Tony Stark
Sexual Tension
Protective Steve Rogers
Memory Alteration
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Rape Recovery
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Frottage
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Safe Sane and Consensual
Anal Sex
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Tony Stark Does What He Wants

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Alexander Pierce
James "Bucky" Barnes/Brock Rumlow
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

