Work Text:
It started with truth serum and the right question.Clint had asked, the rotten bastard who Tony had expected to duck into isolation at the first threat to revealing his sordid past, like he expected Natasha and Bruce to duck out, like he expected himself to, but they all surprised him with how much they trusted each other to allow the serum to affect them in the company of others, though he shouldn’t have been because he’d seen that trust develop and strengthen over time, like a scar over a wound. Even more, he surprised himself with how much he trusted them and allowed himself to be vulnerable to their teasing banter and the hint of reminiscence. Maybe it was because they were all broken, like he was, and Steve and Thor, while not as broken as they, would never judge and never tell.But then came Clint’s question and he froze because he had forgotten—he had forgotten!—and he was torn between fear and horror and anguish at having done so.He slapped both hands over his mouth while it spilled out the answer to Clint’s question because though he had no current brain-to-mouth filter, he was certainly able to find another way to keep them from finding out. He knew his eyes were wide, and he hoped they wouldn’t find in them the fear he felt. They, too, were surprised at the response because everything had been so beyond fine before then, even with all the little secrets that had tumbled from their mouths.But this wasn’t little.As soon as his lips stopped moving beneath his hands, he turned his back to their concerned faces and hightailed out of the kitchen, diving straight into the workshop and initiating lock down. He stood there for a long moment, clenching his fists and just remembering… remembering! And then he unclenched his hands and walked to the nearest workbench and sat down and waited.“Tony?”Of course it wouldn’t take Steve long to follow him, not with a scene like that, but Tony ignored him, lifting shaking hands to the nearest tools and schematics.“Tony, please let me in.”He couldn’t. He couldn’t, he couldn’t, he couldn’t because if Steve knew, if he found out… then Tony would lose him.He wouldn’t understand, not something like this, not even Captain America would understand and certainly not Steve Rogers. He didn’t regret it, not a single second of it, but he was so damn afraid of how others would react to it. He’d kept it a secret for years, from everyone; no one knew—not Pepper, not Rhodey, not anyone—and the only people who did… well, they were long dead.“JARVIS, keep him out. Tell him nothing except that he should forget about it and that I’ll come back out when all of this blows over,” Tony said through gritted teeth.“Of course, sir.”His immediate compliance was a relief Tony didn’t realize he needed, and it made him pause and think again. And then he dropped the tools and buried his face in his arms. He didn’t cry because it was so long ago that any tears he would have shed over it had long since dried up. It still hurt like a bitch, but he had moved on—it was the only thing he could do.“Sir, Captain Rogers wishes me to impart a message.” Tony nodded at JARVIS to continue.“Tony, I know the answer to Clint’s question is something you may not want to talk about, but I want you to know that I’m more than willing to listen if you do. And please, please let me know that you’re fine and more especially if you aren’t. I love you.” Steve’s voice was calm and collected and exactly what Tony needed to hear, so he picked up his tools and went right back to work.……………Steve was perfect, in almost every way really, and Tony constantly asked himself and every deity known to man what he had done to deserve him.He didn’t push for answers, not once, not a hint of any kind, and actually warned the others off when they tried to pry. After Tony had come out from the workshop three days later when the serum had worn off, Steve was waiting at the bottom of the steps, sketching quietly what Tony saw was the team. He immediately and wordlessly stood and wrapped his arms around Tony, holding on to him for a long moment. Then the soldier pressed a kiss to his forehead and led him upstairs into the kitchen where a hearty meal was ready for him.Tony didn’t deserve Steve, and Steve deserved so much more than Tony had ever given him, could ever give him. At the very least, the concern that simmered beneath his quiet care should be assuaged; at best, Steve deserved the truth and deserved to know the entirety of Tony’s past.So Tony, despite his entire being (except for the part in his heart reserved for Steve) telling him that he shouldn’t, even after so much thought and deliberation, decided to tell him one night while they lay in the afterglow of their lovemaking and Steve was easy and pliant—Tony would tell him everything, but he did like to have some advantage on his side.“So,” he started, and his heart started thrumming in his chest.“Mmm… yeah?” Steve murmured, pressing a kiss to the top of Tony’s head and stroki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Howard Stark/Tony Stark

freeform: 
mentions of past Parent-Child (Consensual) Incest
Daddy Kink
minor angst and feels
Happy Ending
some attempt at humor (mostly failed I think)
Smut

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
past Howard Stark/Tony Stark

