Chapter 1: This is a child at prayer
    


Notes:
Hey, so this is my first real frostiron fic. I've wanted to write one for a really long time, but I was worried about Tony not coming out right; then, all of a sudden, he came out right. XDFrostiron helped me through a really tough time, as did a lot of the writers of it, so at the beginning of a lot of these chapters, I plan to thank or credit one of those authors on here who helped inspire this work. If you like frostiron, you either already know about them or you should go look at their stuff. Seriously. They're way better at this than me.Another thing as a heads up for those of you who ignore tags, this fic has some darker aspects because I am apparently incapable of writing anything that doesn't. I took some hints of out Norse Mythology and my own twisted imagination to create a more solid backstory for Loki, and he did not have a pleasant life. Just a friendly warning. I don't plan for there to be anything too explicit about any of it right now, and if that changes I'll put warnings at the top of the chapters.Lastly, a massive thanks goes to Chephren for this fic. She wasn't even a fan of frostiron, but when I asked her to read through the first few chapters of this because I was nervous about posting it, not only did she do that, but she also watched almost all the Marvel Movies in a weekend to get a handle on the characters. She's awesome. Thanks so much, love!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

He was floating. Only he couldn’t be floating, because that would mean there was water, and whatever he was in, it wasn’t water.

The stuff was blue, dark and deep like the ocean, but even though it rolled and formed waves like water in the blackness that surrounded him, it was formed of millions of little specks. Yet somehow he wasn’t sinking in it- he was floating over this black abyss that looked a lot like space, only without the stars.

It wasn’t like the little particles were condensed and pulled together form a flat surface, either; in fact, most of them weren’t touching one another. They were strung out as though on a string in twisting curves that looked a lot like the representations of DNA he had seen. And he was floating in them. It shouldn’t have been possible.

Slowly, he tried to sit up, and found that he could. This was just ridiculous; you can’t sit and float at the same time. Standing came next, and he stood on the black nothingness with the blue stuff still rolling around his feet. But it didn’t wash into him; it just went through his feet and the black pants of his suit.

“I’m dreaming,” he announced to the empty space, surprised to find that his voice actually worked. Odd. Usually in dreams nothing surprised him.

He took a few steps on the perfectly solid nothingness that was beneath his feet and looked around the area. As far as he could see, it was just that black darkness with the blue particle waves rolling about on it.

“This is boring,” he declared with a soft sigh, looking for something, anything to occupy his time.

To his surprise, there was someone else in his dream.

Standing a few meters away in the blue stuff was a really tall guy dressed in a weird black and green getup. It was leather. The guy was wearing fucking leather armor. He had black hair that was slicked back neatly and where the blue stuff flowed around his feet it was turning a really bright emerald green before fading back to blue.

Tony’s eyes narrowed in interest. “Less boring now,” he muttered and moved towards the stranger in his dream. “Hey,” he called out, “why’re you in my dream?”

The guy’s head snapped up so fast that the action was actually a blur. He really should have gotten whiplash from that. He stared for several moments with really big green eyes before speaking slowly. “Your. . . dream?” He had an accent- British one. Or English. Whatever.

“Yeah. My dream. Why are you in it?” Tony tried enunciating slowly, as if the guy before him were a complete idiot. In Tony’s experience, most people were.

There was a long pause, and then the guy smirked. “I am not in your dream, little one. If anything, you are in mine.”

Tony crossed his arms, puffing out his chest as he looked up at the guy. “I am 
not
 little.” Then the rest of the words registered. “And what do you mean, I’m in your dream?”

“Exactly what I said,” Mr. Really-Tall-British-Dude responded. He regarded Tony with much the same expression with which Tony usually looked at a particularly difficult engineering problem. “It is quite curious.”

“Who dreams of. . . this?” Tony made a wide gesture, encompassing the entire strange scenery.

“Me,” the smart-ass returned with another smirk. “You seem too. . . small to be Asgardian,” he continued after a moment, ignoring Tony’s outraged splutter. “From where do you hail?”

“From where do I what?”

“Hail,” the guy repeated, like he had no idea what was so confusing about the question. When saying t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
FrostIron - Freeform
Past Rape/Non-con
Discussion of Rape
Hurt Tony
Hurt Loki
Hurt/Comfort
Past Torture
Past Child Abuse
BAMF Loki
Magic
Warning: Loki
Feels
Smut
Fluff
Dark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Dreams and Nightmares
Light BDSM
Top Loki
Bottom Tony
Mental Breakdown
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicide Attempt
Torture
dark shit
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

