Chapter 1: The Curse
    




Chapter Text

The small Jotun slipped through the columns of the throne room in silence, weighed heavily down by the atmosphere of the room. He knew his father would be here, and alone. Laufey was always alone after that creature had come and gone.  Off to the side in an alcove stood his father, the proud king's head bowed as if a heavy yoke were around his neck, and as he drew nearer Loki could see why. 

Before the king lay twenty bodies, of various states of gross disfigurement. Twenty warriors in the prime of their life, smashed and broken lying beneath robes of fur. Without meaning to, Loki looked them over, following the heritage lines to identify the ones he didn't know. 

Loki recognized Brumlyr, a fierce fighter of the royal guard who was brutally honest yet fair. A nasty burn mark crossed his chest and exploded out the ribs on one side. That same mark continued into the corpse lying next to him. More holes burned into his torso. The skin was blackened and crisp, hotter than fire. 

It was Kus, new to the guard and had just mastered the short javelin. He had been so proud when he finally dumped Loki's uncle on his ass in the training yard. 

There was Rubinur, and Rineralb, and Luffy, an enthusiastic helper in the stables. And many others Loki had seen in the guard or near the palace. Some of them he didn't know, but knew from the lines on their body what clan they belonged to. It made him cringe inside how many they had lost. They're bodies were mangled and broken, many of the bones showing where they had been smashed. Several faces were unrecognizable. 

They had fought hard, and had won much honor.

Yet still they died.

Loki sighed, coming to stand beside his father and survey the cost of the day. "He has come again, and it took more to stop him this time. It was promised this would be the last time. Do you think his revenge has finally been met?"

The king was quiet, accepting Loki's presence without protest.  Absently he lifted a hand and brought it down to stroke the dark head of his youngest son. It was a gesture from his childhood that Loki permitted as it brought his father some form of comfort in this moment. He wished he could give more. 

"His rage has not abated over the years," the king replied. "Twenty years it has been. This was supposed to be the last. According the pact we made. Twenty years of paying a heavy price.  But this is not enough. I fear this curse will never be taken from us."

Loki looked up to see the sorrow written on Laufey's face, the lines that had been written there alongside the heritage circles. Loki bore the same lines on his face and forehead, a long line of proud Jotun rulers. Proud and foolish. His father's pride and arrogance had cost their realm much in the past. Thinking he could conquer Midgard the Allfather had chastised them harshly, leaving their realm in bitter poverty. 

It has taken centuries of rebuilding to get back to a working kingdom. Hard work and hardship and lean storm seasons and finally the people were beginning to prosper again. Births were more common and were overcoming the deaths, and no one was hungry anymore. 

Only there was a terrifying monster who came to Jotunheim every year without fail. Every year they have had to send their strong warriors to contend with him to keep him from destroying Jotunheim entirely. One day, from sunrise to sunset, the monster had free reign to destroy, and that day the frost giants fought for their lives, their home, and their families. They never knew when he would come, or where he would strike. There was no rhyme or reason to his endeavors, only a thirst for revenge from a personal loss that he held all of Jotunheim responsible for. Every man, woman, and child. They called it Odin's curse. 

"This needs to end. We have sacrificed enough to appease him," Loki said, his voice soft but firm. Laufey's hand faltered on his head. The king knew he was right, the frost giants had paid dearly for Asgard's revenge. "We have lost good warriors and men that we cannot afford! He is a menace and we live in fear of when he will come to spill more of our blood!"

Laufey was quiet for some time. It was a testament to how weary and burdened he was that he did not immediately dismiss his son's words. "What would you have us do? We have petitioned the golden throne but Odin Allfather is unable to control the mad fury that brutal monster possesses. He has tried to contain his son, but the man hold the intensity and power of a winter storm. He is nearly unstoppable and he cuts down our strongest men like younglings. Can we trust the oath of a madman that he will stop?"

Laufey thought that once the last year of the curse was finished then everything would be settled. The monster would be appeased and his people could go back to living. He could breathe once more and not worry about the blood price. But the relief he had been hoping for did not come. Instead the chill sank into his bones.


[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
asshole thor
Odin is a good parent this time
Arranged Marriage
Toxic Relationship
seriously it's bad for a bit
eventual happy ending i promise
Dubious Consent
Angst
loki tries to fix thor
Jotun Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

