Chapter 1: Pyrokinetic
    




Chapter Text
And I hold my favorite thing
I hold the love that you bring
But it feels like I've opened my eyes again
And the colors are golden and bright again
There's a song in my heart, I feel like I belong
It's a better place since you came along
It's a better place since you came along
“Better Place” Rachel Platten
 
“You know, Doll, if you keep glaring holes at it, it just might burst into flames.” 
“That would be preferable,” Darcy grumbled, though she turned away from the offending item. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a metal hand reach out and snag it up. She turned fully to glare at the man now holding the offensive thing. “What do you think you’re doing?” 
“Finding out what has your panties in a twist,” Bucky replied easily, slipping open the envelope and pulling out the invitation. She half-heartedly reached to snag it out of his hand but he easily lifted it above her. As annoyed as she was about the invite, she knew if Bucky really wanted to read it, there was little she could do to stop him. 
“Gaudy little thing,” he mumbled before he cleared his throat and read it aloud, “‘You are cordially invited--’”
“Ha! Cordially! Yeah right!” 
“‘To the 10 year anniversary of—holy shit, this is your high school reunion?”
“Don’t remind me,” she groaned. “I’m trying to forget about it.” 
“But why?” that was Steve and when the heck had he come in? “I mean, I wouldn’t mind attending my high school reunion.” 
“I think they’re all dead,” Bucky frowned. 
“Which is why I said I wouldn’t mind, not that I wanted to,” Steve replied with a smile. 
Darcy snorted. “I wish mine were all dead,” she mumbled. 
“No, you don’t,” Steve said, mildly reproachful.
“No, I don’t,” she agreed sheepishly. 
“So you don’t want to go?” Bucky finally asked, handing over the invite to his friend. Steve made a face at the item—likely because it was gaudy as hell, Bucky was so not wrong about that—but inspected it anyway. 
“My school was really fucking small, about two-hundred fifty kids in the entire district,” she said. “Everyone was all sports, all the time. If you weren’t sports or were in any way different from the status quo, you tended to be ignored or bullied.”
For the most part she’d suffered from the former, if only because it had been impossible to ignore her. The guys paid attention because of her assets, while the girls had been paying attention to her “intentions” towards their various and always changing boyfriends. Of course, she’d been pretty vocal too, which hadn’t helped. 
“Didn’t you tell me once you were in a ton of different clubs in high school?” Jane asked from a nearby desk. Darcy had thought she hadn’t been paying any attention to the group but apparently she was wrong. 
“Only to pad my resume for college,” she snorted. “I worked my tail off because my goal was to get out of that town. Now they’re trying to drag me back in.” 
“It’s just for a visit,” Jane pointed out. “It’s not inviting you to move back.” 
“Yeah, but why the hell would I want to go back and make nice with the people who made a good portion of my high school hell?” she asked, did not whine, thank you very much. 
“Because you can throw it in their faces that they’re still there and you are out in the world kicking ass,” a voice suggested from the vents. 
“Barton,” Steve said warningly at the same time Jane demanded he get out of the vents. 
“You screw up my data when you stomp around the vents. We’ve talked about this!” Jane reminded him angrily as he easily swung down.
“You talked, doesn’t mean I listened,” he smirked and despite herself, Darcy snickered. When Jane turned her annoyed huff on her, she held up her hands. 
“Sorry Janey,” she said.
“I meant it though,” Barton said. “That’s literally the only reason I went back to my reunion. I wanted to rub it in this one guy’s face that I was a senior agent with SHIELD and he was still home-bound.” 
“And he cared about that why?” Bucky asked curiously. Steve was frowning but Darcy noticed he seemed to be paying just as much attention as the rest of them. 
“Cause he was bound and determined he would be an FBI agent by then,” Barton replied. “I only attended the school my senior year but everyone knew what his plans were cause he wouldn’t shut up about them. He was smug, superior, and drove everyone nuts.” 
“And he didn’t make the FBI?” Darcy asked, intrigued. 
“No,” Barton smirked. “He knocked up his girlfriend towards the end of the school year. He never got out of town.” 
“So you’re saying she should go back to rub her success in everyone’s face,” Steve summed up. Bucky was smirking. 
“Didn’t you mention something about doing that when we finished school?” he asked his friend. Darcy’s eyes widened as Steve groaned. 
“And I have since grown out of that need for petty revenge,” he said, trying for captain voice and largely failing. Bucky rolled his eyes. 
“Grown out of it, sure,” Bucky snickered. “You put peanut butter on the handle of Tony’s socket wrench yesterday
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis-centric

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

