Work Text:
Percy was finishing up an op in Korea when the call came in. He considered the phone for a second. There were only three people in the world who would know how to contact him. Two of those knew he was on an op – had been the ones to send him there in the first place, so that left only one person."Stark," Percy greeted, casually surveying the abandoned warehouse he had broken into, "What can I do for you?""How did you forgive Loki for killing your mum?"Percy startled to a stop, his breath hitching unintentionally. He sucked in a breath, the question blindsiding him completely. The demigod curled his fingers around his phone, the tech creaking ominously under his grip before he uncurled his fingers, taking several deep breaths. After a few minutes of silence, in which Tony never spoke – a fact that caused stirrings of worry in his gut – he replied, hoping his voice was as even as he wanted it to be. "Why are you asking me that?"The other side of the line remained silent, and Percy cocked his head, hearing the man's shaky breaths. "Tony?" he asked worriedly, "Where are you?"A huff, then, "Doesn't matter, I shouldn't have called."Percy frowned, "Tony? Tony!" he shouted, but the line clicked off. The agent stared at his phone, worry bubbling up in him. It wasn't like the genius to act like that, and frankly, it was so uncharacteristic of Tony Stark that it left Percy wondering what had happened. He knew about the Accords – of course he did, his primary source of news was Fury – and he knew the disagreements the team had about said Accords even if he didn't know the full details. But that wasn't reason for Tony to call him, and definitely reason for the man to ask that kind of question. Steeling himself, Percy pushed down the memories that Tony's question had dredged up, and fished around his pockets for a drachma. With a thought, he created a spray of water, allowing the liquid to catch the light. He threw the drachma in and waited."Hey Hazel," he greeted, "Do you mind if I borrow Arion?"Tony dragged a hand through his hair, staring blankly at the assorted weapons in front of him. He had dove straight into the workshop after his call, guilt burning further through him at having thrown the worst question he could ever have thought of at the kid. He slapped his forehead, what kind of question was that? He didn't even have the excuse of being drunk when he called the kid, only that he had been drowning in his thoughts when it occurred to him that Percy had gone through the same thing. Still, he wondered what the hell was wrong with him that he could even blurt out such an insensitive question to the one person who was still uninvolved with the Avengers. He didn't even know why he called the kid. Percy had no connection to the Avengers (that was a lie, they all had a soft spot for the kid they fought with) officially, and Tony didn't even think about asking the kid for help during the whole Barnes fiasco. (He didn't want to know if the kid would join Cap's side) The inventor sighed and rubbed his face tiredly, feeling exhaustion creep into his very bones. Vaguely, he wondered how long he had been awake for. He instructed FRIDAY to save the designs he had been working on and locked the lab behind him. Taking the stairs up, he slowly emerged above ground, stopping short when his plans for heading to bed flew out the window.Of all the things for him to see in the Avengers facility at nine in the morning, Percy Jackson making pancakes was definitely not one of them. Tony stared flabbergasted for several minutes before he found his tongue. "What the – how did you – weren't you in Korea just last night?"Percy just rolled his eyes at him, "I travel fast." He deadpanned, flicking his eyes back to his pancakes. He flipped the pancake, adding yet another one to the stack that was already piled up on the plate beside him. The electric stove switched off when the pancakes were all out of the pan and Percy brought the pancakes around to the table, snagging another plate while he did so. He divided the stack, pushing one plate of pancakes to Tony, who was still standing by the bar in shock.Percy rolled his eyes and sat at the bar, gesturing at the food, "Come on, FRIDAY told me you haven't been eating."That snapped the genius out of his stupor, making him scowl at the ceiling before he all but collapsed into the seat. Percy eyed him worriedly, but said nothing, waiting until the other man actually took a bite.They ate in silence for a while, until Tony couldn't take it anymore and spoke up, "Why are you here?"Percy raised an eyebrow and swallowed the mouthful he was chewing, "Well," he said dryly, "When someone calls me in the middle of an op asking about my mother, I tend to react."Tony flushed, looking away guiltily, something so unlike him that it made Percy place his fork down, his tone turning somber, "Look Tony, I'm not blaming you for asking me about my mum, I just want to know what happened to make you ask that.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Civil War Fix-It
Fix-It of Sorts
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Percy is a Good Bro
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
None
