Work Text:

Matt stands panting from the adrenaline racing through his veins, blood dripping off his gloves and onto the man at his feet. The night is as quiet as it gets in Hell's Kitchen, only the slightly distorted breaths of the criminal he subdued mingling with his own to break the stillness of the-
Wait. Matt turns his head slightly, realising there's a third person breathing, their heart steady but fast. Focusing, Matt tries to narrow down where they are, tracking the taste of their sweat and the scent of their - frankly childish - cologne to the roof of the building beside him. No, hang on it's too close for that... are they on the side of the building? There's no fire escape there.'Who's there?' Matt asks, waiting. Yes, a soft gasp there and the heart is starting to pound. 'I know you're there.'The person starts to walk forward, but remains sticking to the wall. What the hell - oh wait. Wall climbing. What's the name of that Queens' guy who did that? Matt focuses. Spider-Man. That's it. Why is he so far out her- hold on. Bones barely creaking in a figure much smaller than Matt expected. How old is this guy?'Okay, please don't hurt me. I totally mean you no harm, take me to your leader kind of no harm.' Matt freezes, the highness of the voice stealing his breath away. No, it's not just his imagination; the cologne is childish because he is a child. If this kid is a day over sixteen, Matt's a saint. And if Matt's sure of anything, it's that he's no saint.'Jesus,' Matt breathes then swallows the instinctive apology for blasphemy trained into him by the Nuns and never quite trained out of him. 'How old are you kid?'Spider-Man's heart picks up, a humming bee of noise in the alleyway. 'What... what do you mean? I mean, I know the mask takes a few decades off but man, that's kinda insulting.'Tilting his head in Spider-Man's direction, Matt tries to convey as much disbelief as he can. 'And if you actually answer the question?''Question? What question? There was a question? I totally didn't realise there was a question.' Spider-Man moves to sit on the edge of the roof, still too far from a fire escape for Matt to be able to get up there before he was out of sight. Course that means nothing to Matt but best to let the kid have his illusions for a bit. 'Oh! Who's there. You asked who's there! Well I'm there, your friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man.' He shuffles a bit. 'Just me. Spider-Man.'That wasn't even subtle. Fifteen. Definitely fifteen and extremely awkward. Where the hell are his parents? ...and Matt did you seriously just think that? Disgust runs through Matt at his assumptions along with a cold shot of pity and the vague impression he might sound like one of those grumpy men on Fox News, grumbling about 'kids these days'. 'Not my friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man. You work in Queens. Isn't this a bit out of your range?' Matt takes a step towards the wall Spider-Man is dangling off.While he shifts a bit more, he doesn't run so Matt takes another step. 'What are you doing in my city?' Matt asks.'Bit of this, bit of that.' Spider-Man nods at the man on the ground. 'You kinda killed my latest lead on the whole, importing guns into Queens.'Matt freezes, something cold running through him. 'I don't kill,' he says and he can't keep the chill in his veins out of his voice. 'I never have.''Whoa, sorry ah Mr Daredevil sir.' Did the kid just salute him? 'Stepped on a sore point there, so sorry, didn't mean to offend. Ah, if he's not dead why's he so still?'A quick moment of focus lets Matt pick up the soft pounding of the man's heart and his distorted breathing. 'Knocked out. He's whining a bit, if you wanna come down and check he's still breathing.''I can come down?'God the kid sounds excited. 'Free city, I'm not going to stop you.'A second or two passes before the kid reaches out a hand and releases some kind of string from his wrist - not natural, Matt can smell the synthetic materials from here - using it to guide down to the ground. He lands lightly, far lighter than Matt would expect of a person his size and bounces over to the criminal on the ground. He keeps his front to Matt while moving and a distant part of Matt approves, over the rest of him roaring that this is a child.Placing a hand on the man's throat, Spider-Man breathes out. 'He's breathing.''I did say,' Matt says mildly. 'Do I get an answer to the other question I asked?''Huh? Oh.' A long pause as Spider-Man rises to his feet. 'Nineteen. I'm nineteen.'Behind his mask, Matt rolls his eyes. Even without his abilities, he'd picked up on the wavering note in this kid's voice and the slight crack of his voice. He's lying. 'And if you say that without lying?''Eighteen?''You're questioning your age,' Matt says and he can't keep the note of amusement out of his voice. Spider-Man takes a step back, towards the building. 'You're sixteen, at the absolute oldest and even that seems unlikely to me.' Spider-Man gasps and takes a few rapid steps back, putting 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Compliant
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Big Brothers
Fluff
Family Fluff
Awkward Conversations
Friendship
Developing Friendships

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

