Chapter 1: Bucky is an asshole.
    




Chapter Text
It happens because Bucky is an asshole.
 
That’s an understatement. Bucky isn’t just an asshole, he’s a greedy, selfish person who sees something perfect and as-yet untainted by general assholery, and he goes and fucks it. Literally.
 
Seemed like a good idea at the time.
 
It goes like this: he is milling around Manhattan’s rich and famous at the Met while David talks to some diva in a sparkly gown, feeling distinctly like he’s playing fancy dress in his too-slick suit (tie loosened and top button undone because Jesus), when suddenly David is touching his arm to introduce somebody.
 
Captain America, it turns out.
 
“And this is Bucky Barnes, my dashing young companion for the evening,” David says extravagantly, because he is an old army buddy of Bucky’s dad, and also an asshole. You wouldn’t know he was vet, because he is quite flamboyantly gay and Bucky is pretty sure that while Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell wasn’t a thing back then, there were rules about it.
 
“Steve Rogers,” Captain America says with a smile, and holds his hand out to shake. He is in actual dress uniform. Is he even in the army anymore?
 
“A pleasure,” Bucky says, just managing not to roll his eyes while he shakes hands. Cynicism is his only defence against the fact that Captain America is about twenty times hotter in person than he is on TV.
 
“Are you looking to buy?” David asks, waving a hand at the array of art on the walls. Bucky suspects that David put on the affect of the limp-wrist so often it became permanent one day, and he never recovered. “Bucky and I are both vets ourselves. You could say the army brought us together.”
 
It’s not what he says so much as how he says it – like David is making a lewd innuendo out of an otherwise innocuous statement. Bucky gives a tight smile in response, deciding that David has just been upgraded from asshole to complete tool. He and Bucky’s dad used to do this shit – try and rib each other mercilessly in public with an unsuspecting audience – and somehow when Barnes Senior passed away, Bucky inherited David and his shit-eating grin.
 
“Oh. Oh how… nice?” Captain America says, going a little pink. “Not looking to buy. Just, um, escorting my friend. Pepper Potts? And supporting veterans of course. I think this is a wonderful exhibition.”
 
That’s what this is – a whole exhibit full of art produced by veterans, about veterans, et cetera. All the funds raised by sale of the art goes to rehabilitation programs, but David is really here because there are a subsection of the artists whose work focuses on LGBTQIA issues in the military. Having lobbied for and written extensively about equal rights in the defence forces for years, he’s a natural big-name invite.
 
Bucky only agreed to come for the free booze.
 
“Buck is an excellent escort,” David deadpans, and then gives Captain America a conspiratorial wink, making Captain America flush.
 
“Baby, the whole point of my services is supposed to be that nobody knows I’m an escort,” Bucky says in a fake whisper, because fucking hell. He slips his hand down to cup David’s ass, knowing that having his best friend’s kid cop a feel is beyond comfort even for him. The asshole.
 
“Huh. Well. I think. Pepper? So. Nice to meet you,” Captain America says, spinning on his heel and disappearing into the crowd. David waits until he’s out of earshot before losing it, wheezing with laughter as Bucky removes his hand from his ass.
 
“Didyouseehisface?!” David gasps, clutching at his knee.
 
“Not nice. He is a beautiful, gullible American hero,” Bucky says. Looking across the crowd, he can just see that golden hair.
 
“Oh come on,” David says once he can stand upright, straightening his tie delicately and flicking a strand of silver hair off his face. David never seems to age, just head deeper into silver fox territory. “The guy got frozen in the 40s. How tolerant do you think his kind would’ve been of guys like me in the service?”
 
And that is how Bucky meets Captain America.
 

 
How he meets Steve Rogers is the part where he’s really an asshole.
 
It’s getting late, and David is still networking, and Bucky kind of owes him forever on account of him saving his dad’s life before Bucky could be conceived, which David never lets him forget. So he’s outside, tie loosened further and another button undone, smoking a rare cigarette and staring up at the stars he can’t see in Manhattan. He’s mostly in the shadows, around the side of the building, and suddenly a fire door opens and Captain America steps into the alley.
 
Bucky mouths ‘fuck’ silently and tries to step back further into the shadow of the building. His foot knocks an empty glass bottle, which goes skittering loudly across the pavement.
 
“Hello?” Captain America calls, stepping unerringly towards him. “Are you oka- oh. Hi.”
 
“Yes. Hi,” Bucky says, and starts reaching for his smokes until he realises he still has one in his hand.
 
“Sorry about earlier. Some things
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern!Bucky/Cap!Steve
Shrunkyclunks
fake escort au
virgin!steve
Light Dom/sub
Under-negotiated Kink
Anal Sex
Rimming
Switching
Gay Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Sex Work Positive
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

