Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
I gulped nervously and adjusted my skirt once again. The material felt soft against my fingers but it did nothing to reassure me. I crossed my legs and felt my stockings rub against each other. My hands were sweating and left a slight smudge as I tried to wipe it away on my skirt. I exhaled and saw my breath mist in front of me slightly, though the room was comfortably warm. I had to calm down. This was just an interview, nothing terrible. I had been through dozens of interviews. First when I was young going into an exclusive private school. Then into the Air Force which had taken me 3 tries before I was accepted as a pilot. This one was no different. Except it was with the one place I never really wanted to be. Other members of my family happily work here. Yet I had always sworn I wanted to live a normal life. I didn’t want to have anything to do with the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division. My own twin brother worked here as an agent, a Specialist as he’d proudly proclaim. Though the details on what he exactly did were sketchy.  I rarely saw him these days. My mother was head of Human Resources in New York and my Father ran the weapons development in R&D. My entire family were neck deep in SHIELD and I never wanted to be. I looked down at my hands knotted together and wanted to sigh in frustration. Both of them were covered in ice crystals, though it was melting as quickly as it appeared. I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath. This interview was nothing more than a mere formality. As someone on the Index of course I was closely watched. Especially being in the military. After the mess I had made there was a major clean up already in place. SHIELD wasn't my only problem. I had to deal with my Mom sooner rather than later. Not that I’d really had time to. I woke up in an unfamiliar bed only a few hours ago feeling like I’d been hit with a sledgehammer. The medics here in SHIELD had been kind enough to fill me in on most of the details while letting me use the shower before this meeting. “Kari Lyngley.” A tall brown haired agent opened the door across the hallway from me. I jumped to my feet instantly, resisting the urge to snap to attention. “Agent Maria Hill.” Agent Hill looked none too pleased with my appearance. She didn't even offer her hand in greeting. “Come in. Director Fury is waiting for you.” Her words made my stomach knot uncomfortably. It took all my self control not to disappear and find a deep, dark cave with the hope no one would ever find me. I was in so much shit.  “Of course.” I forced a smile on my face and followed her into the room. In it sat a desk with a chair in front of it. Behind the desk sat the director of SHIELD himself, Nick Fury. He was intimidating to look at in the rare photo I’d seen of him. In person, he was downright terrifying.  “Sit,” he commanded without any greeting. I was more than happy to comply as I plonked myself down in the chair straight away. The knot in my stomach had now done a somersault and turned itself into a bow. Agent Hill sat beside him without a word.  “Perhaps we can start with what the fuck happened out there?” Fury sounded beyond angry. His stare bore into me and my mouth went dry. The temperature in the room dropped noticeably as my control slipped. It took me a moment to regain control of myself before I could find the words to speak. I didn't miss the look the two shared between them in the moment of my loss of control. “They slipped something in my drink,” I said hoarsely. Moisture gathered in the corner of my eyes and I tried to blink it away. “I was just trying to get the hell out of there before I had no control. I didn’t manage to get out quickly enough.” Agent Hill softened a bit and what looked like sympathy came across her face. Saturday night had started off as such innocent fun. It had quickly turned into a nightmare for me. 
 
I was the only female fighter pilot in the 27th Fighter Squadron at Langley Air Force Base. I had worked my ass off to get where I was and I was immensely proud of my skills. Flying F-22 Raptors was a childhood dream come true. I had been at Langley for nearly 2 years and never had an issue with workmates until two new pilots arrived 6 months earlier. Paul Rudd and Trevor Fitzgerald. Both seemed to have a major bug up their ass about me being there. Despite being told to back off several times by other pilots, they both liked to go out of their way to make my life hell. This has been going on for six months. Saturday night was a night out for us pilots to celebrate. We’d just finished a huge training exercise with a few other Squadrons. It had been a hectic last six weeks and we all needed to blow off steam. I wasn’t very sociable and it had taken a lot of persuading for the other pilots to get me to come out. Despite my reservations, I’d been having a good time at the Officers 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Original Character(s)
POV Original Character
Strike Team Delta
Team Bonding
SHIELD
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Team Dynamics
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
shield training
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Eventual Smut
Slow Build
Mutant Powers
Torture
Angst
Character Death
References to Depression
Violence
Smut
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Military Training
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism

fandom: 
None
