Chapter 1: It Paints Me In All My Mistakes
    




Chapter Text
"FRIDAY, scan.""On it, boss." As his AI maps everything about the rinky-dink phone, Tony watches Rhodey's eyes move side to side as his friend reads Steve's letter once, twice, three times, face twisting up at the same spots every time. The three remaining Avengers sat around the small table, eating dinner that Vision had made. Tony had come in late, dodging increasingly insistent calls from Ross, and placed the phone on a nearby Starkpad for FRIDAY's easy access while sliding the letter across to his best friend."'I hope you understand,'" Rhodey paraphrases with a derisive snort, handing the letter to Vision, who dutifully reads it in about five seconds. "I like that he puts the responsibility of accepting his choice on you."Tony smiles tightly as Vision tilts his head curiously in his direction. "This letter seems private. May I ask why you decided to share it with us?"He accepts the letter when its handed back over to him. "FRIDAY?" he prompts."All done. All files stored. Encryption broken. You'd think His Highness would be a bit more careful.""His Panther-ness is always careful." The bitterness of Tony's voice pairs horribly with the sing-song tone. "He knows I'll exercise the same caution. Transfer now, please.""Yessir." Suddenly Vision head tilts sharply in the other direction just as Rhodey's phone beeps loudly in his pocket. Rhodey pulls it out, staring at the new number listed on his screen, and then turns that sharp gaze on Tony.Tony shakes his head. "I'm not going to call. I know - I know exactly what that says about me -""Tony-""But I'm not - I can't. I'll do everything else I can possibly do, but I'm not going to call. I'm giving that choice to you. The smartest people I know - the best. You won't hesitate because you're angry or guilty. You'll do the right thing. That's Steve's number, okay. He'll be there if you need him, like he said. And if he needs us, the call will redirect to you, Rhodes." Tony takes a deep breath, turns the letter over in his hands so he can't see Steve's writing but not meeting Rhodey's eyes. "Please," he finishes on an exhale."Of course, sir," Vision replies promptly. His voice is calm, smooth, no hint of judgment. When Tony risks a glance up the synthezoid inclines his head before rising from the table. "If need of the Captain arises I will make the call immediately." He exits the room to the soft sound of Tony's sigh of relief.He sucks it up and turns to Rhodey, not knowing quite what to expect, but he really shouldn't be surprised by the understanding he finds there. His friend leans forward to rest his forearms on the table, a smile devoid of happiness but not warmth on his face. "You've got a lot on your plate, Tones. Let me and Vision handle this one.""Thank you," Tony replies quietly. It is all he wants to say to Rhodey these days. Thank you for standing with me. Thank you for staying with me. Thank you for every PT session you get through, every prosthetic you criticize. Thank you thank you thank you. But then, because Tony's still an asshole: "That's all you got?""Tony," Rhodey starts and then sighs, running his hand over his head. "You already understand why he did what he did. Not like it's hard to figure out, we fought over it. That's why you're not gonna call. You already get it and it's not good enough. That's fine, Tones. You've done inexcusable shit before that I got over. You need time, you take time. Viz and I got this."It's bizarre for Tony, who's entire childhood was informed by what Captain America would do - what Howard said Captain America would do, at least - to contemplate the man not being good enough in any aspect, but as Rhodey laid it out so calmly and sure, a cold certainty came over him. No, he knew Steve's reasons. He understood, he wasn't stupid, and Steve's reasons weren't enough. They were not good enough for Tony, not now, maybe not ever. And that was something neither Steve nor Tony could fix. And until Tony got over it - if Tony ever got over it oh my God, my mother, my mother..."I'm going to go down to my lab," Tony announces hoarsely, grabbing up the phone. "I'm going to smash this with a hammer.""Sure," Rhodey nods sagely, like all the information isn't with FRIDAY, like Tony couldn't say the word right now and be on speakerphone with Captain America."Then I'm going to burn this." He reaches for the letter."Good plan.""Then I'm gonna build you new legs.""Great. These here tend to go pigeon-toed. It's awkward, man, c'mon."It's a mistake destroying Steve's gesture of goodwill, Tony thinks, even as he takes an unholy amount of glee smashing that stupid phone to bits down in his lab and DUM-E waits eagerly with a fire extinguisher for the last of the letter to burn down. But it's a mistake Tony is happy to make.It's a mistake he can fix.Tony has made a lot of mistakes in his life. Most of them he was delighted to make because he was too stupid, too selfish to realize h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers Needs Therapy
Slow Burn
Fix-It
road to forgiveness
and being forgiven
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

