Work Text:
One moment they’re fighting, yelling scathing insults and ugly accusations at each other, and the next they’re kissing, all teeth and anger-fuelled desperation. Steve backs him up until Tony’s shoulders hit the closest wall, and hoists him up, giving Tony no choice but to wrap his legs around Steve’s waist for support. Tony bites Steve’s bottom lip, hard enough to draw blood, and Steve growls, and grips both of Tony’s wrists in one big hand, his hold bruisingly tight. Steve fucks him with powerful, punishing thrusts, his teeth clamped over Tony’s shoulder while Tony claws at his back, and snaps at him to go faster, deeper, harder. Tony comes first, heels digging into the small of Steve’s back, and Steve follows him over the edge with a hoarse cry, slamming Tony up against the wall one last time before holding him there as they both pant, eyes closed, and foreheads resting together for a few short, fleeting seconds of peace. They don’t talk while they pick up their clothes and get dressed, and don’t look back as they walk away in opposite directions. The next day, Zemo sets Barnes free, and Steve follows. 

* * * * *
Tony stashes the phone and letter away in a drawer. He doesn’t think about them as he starts negotiating plea deals, bullies the government into hiring personnel independent from the military to guard the Raft, and threatens 127 nations into making adjustments to the Accords by publicly threatening to cut all Stark Industries funding, and remove Iron Man from the team. He doesn’t. 

* * * * *
“It’s probably the three-day-old takeout,” Tony tells a clearly sceptical Rhodey. He spits again, then flushes the toilet. “You’d think at least one of us would’ve learned to cook more than burnt toast and soggy eggs since MIT.” Later, FRIDAY sends the results of the pregnancy test to his phone. Tony blinks, swallows, adjusts his collar, and plasters on his best fake smile for the UN committee waiting for him. 

* * * * *
“You know I won’t judge,” Rhodey says, stepping up behind Tony. His eyes are full of concern when they meet Tony’s in their reflection in the mirror. “Whoever he is, I won’t judge.” Tony can only hold Rhodey’s gaze for a moment before he looks back down at his belly, one hand cupped over the small yet clearly recognisable bump. “I don’t know,” he lies, smoothing his shirt back down. “Never got a name.”Rhodey has known Tony for far too long to fall for his half-assed bullshit, but he doesn’t push. “Okay,” he sighs, and hooks his chin over Tony’s shoulder. He winds one arm around Tony’s chest, and pats one of his leg prosthetics with his free hand. “Come on, I bet I can still beat your white ass on the court, even with these.” 

* * * * *
“Holy shit, dude!” Clint exclaims, grinning widely, and peels away from the group of stunned superheroes to put both his hands on Tony’s stomach. “You’re huge!” “And you’re still an asshole, birdbrain,” Tony quips back automatically, startled to find himself tearing up when Clint throws back his head, laughs, and envelops Tony in a hug. Tentatively, Tony returns the gesture, his, “Welcome back,” coming out shakier than he would have liked. Clint pulls back, one corner of his mouth twitching knowingly, but simply shrugs. “Was about time. Did you know they don’t have chili dogs in Wakanda? I mean, sure, cultural differences and everything, but seriously, I don’t think it’s too much to ask—” The rest of the team groans in resigned unison. Wanda shakes her head, hiding a smile behind her hand, while Sam rolls his eyes, and Scott pulls out his phone to show Vision pictures of, Tony assumes, chili dogs. “Six months,” Natasha says, appearing at Tony’s side, and taking his hand, giving it a stealthy little squeeze. “I’ve been putting up with this for six months.” Tony grins, unable to help himself, and leans his head against her arm. “My deepest, sincerest condolences, Miss Rushmanoff,” he drawls sarcastically, then yelps when Natasha pinches his unfortunately somewhat pudgier, and all the more pinchable side. “All right, children, settle down,” Natasha calls over the noise, sharing one last, long-suffering look with Tony before shooing the bickering group towards where Rhodey is waiting and waving. Barnes hesitates when Steve doesn’t move, but—after a long, frighteningly intense look at Tony—eventually murmurs a quiet, “Congratulations,” to Tony, and follows the others out of the foyer. Which leaves Tony alone with Steve. “Right,” Tony says after half a minute of increasingly awkward staring, clapping his hands together. “It’s good to have you back, Cap. I—”“You’ve met someone,” Steve interrupts, jaw working furiously. “Do I—do I know him?”Tony laughs, but there’s no humour in it. “Not even sure I know him anymore.”Something flashes across Steve’s face, something dark and simultaneously vulnerable, there and gone again. “Tony—”“He wouldn’t care if he knew,” Tony bites out, sharper than intended. He rubs a hand over his eyes, suddenly exhausted. “For once
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
background Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
One Night Stands
Unplanned Pregnancy
Secrets
Mpreg
Developing Relationship
Pining
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Light Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Fluff
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
background Wanda Maximoff/Vision

