Work Text:
“I am sorry.”
Rhodey turned slowly at the sound of Vision's voice.
“I am… truly sorry,” continued Vision.
For a few moments they were both quiet.
“It’s not okay,” Rhodey finally said.  “I won’t pretend to understand what happened,” he continued slowly. “But I understand that it happens.” He shook his head. “I don’t know if that helps any.”
Vision nodded, poker face in place.
“Can you help me get to the couch?”
Vision smiled. “Certainly.”
*
Rhodey was on the couch, absolutely exhausted even though his legs didn’t even hurt. Paralysis was funny that way. He was reconsidering his stance on crawling everywhere.
Tony came in, and took a seat on the couch.
“How's it going, shmoopsie-poo?”
Rodney  groaned, but couldn’t suppress a smile.
“We got mail,” Tony said flippantly.
But Rhodey knew better. “Do I want to know what it says?”
Tony shrugged. “You probably should, but that’s not what I came here to tell you.”
“What’s that then?”
“We got a phone. It’s a flip phone, it offends my sensibilities.”
Rhodey sighed. “And you won’t trace the call for the same reason you’re not going after the rest of them.”
“Got it in one.”
Rhodey nodded. “And you need me to know about it in case something happens to you. How likely is that possibility, Tones?”
Tony gave a small, sad smile. “You never know.”
*
Rhodey was watching the news. He sighed when he heard footsteps on the stairs. Vison faded through the wall, and hovered. Literally. Probably his way of showing his worry.
“Going to the press conference, kids,” Tony shouted. “Don’t stay up.”
Rhodey swallowed his smile, and turned the TV sound off. “Come back soon!” he yelled.
“I’ll try, snuggle-bunny!” Tony cooed loudly before he was out the door.
“He is not well,” Vision said in the following silence. 
“No.”
Vision didn’t say anything more, just waited.
“Pepper left. His friends turned against him because he was trying to do what’s right. Romanoff betrayed him again, then when he pointed it out, she blamed it on his ego—even though he was acting according to many people's wishes and was trying to protect his legality-challenged friends. Steve chose to bring a violence to a communication problem that could potentially turn deadly if not navigated with care. He got the kids in the divorce too. Tony found out exactly how his parents died, and it wasn’t peaceful. People knew about it, and didn’t tell him. I can’t walk. And he blames himself for every one of those things. At this point, I don’t think it’s healthy to be well.”
“I can understand that. However—” Vision trailed off. “I believe a phone is ringing in Mr. Stark’s room.”
“Do we have to talk about privacy again?”
Vision gave him a dry look. “It is a flip phone. I thought you may want to know.”
Rhodey sighed, and glared at Vision. “Would you please get that from me?”
“Certainly.”
Vision returned quickly. Rhodey took the phone, thanked Vision, and answered it. He let the other person talk. Surprise, surprise it was Rogers.
“Tony…,” Rogers trailed off. “I heard what happened… I hoped that it meant you understood.”
Rhodey felt himself getting angry. “I have no idea what Tony understands or not.”
“Rhodes, I—”
Rhodey didn’t wait to find out what Rogers wanted to say. “But I think I know that you don’t understand. So, you heard that Tony heard a bastard say something insensitive about me, and he broke a wine glass. You thought that it somehow resembles the protective feelings you showed for your friend.”
“I was just—”
“What you choose not to see, was how it was handled. Witnesses came forward, and Tony's having a press conference. Even if he decked the guy, the asshole probably wouldn’t press charges because, though Tony's a controversial figure, he saved so many lives.”
“What are you saying?” Rogers asked quietly.
“That’s how you save your buddy's life,” Rhodey said somberly. “Get in front of a damn camera. Plead his case. The world loves you, you did the USO thing, and you have competent people to help you. It isn’t that hard.”
“I made a choice. I wasn’t going to let anybody get hurt,” Rogers declared.
“What am I then?”
There was silence for a few seconds.
“I-I didn’t mean… Vision did that. And, of course, I'm sorry. You knew the dangers.”
“That I could be injured while trying very hard not to hurt my friends—or even teammates—trying to obey the law, and hoping that the teammates don’t make anyone nervous enough to send a drone? No, that was not what I signed up for, but I still did it. And to say that Vision did that, when you could have prevented it all by holding a damn press conference... Were we supposed to ignore all the dead civilians? Why did you do it? Because Maximoff was being held pending an investigation? Like any civilian? Because you don’t want to account for your actions? Like any not-criminal and, even some criminals? Why are you so special?”
More silence.
“Listen, Rhodes—”
“No, you listen,” Rhodey snapped back. “You are lucky that someone sweeps up after you. That someone isn’t looking too carefully at th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
(hinted:)
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fix-It for Tony
POV James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Politics
Diplomacy
Physical Disability
(temporary)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
(hinted:)
Loki/Tony Stark

