Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve swiped a hand across the steam-fogged mirror, leaving a wet slash with his own face staring back at him.  He turned off the faucet and looked down at his hands. They were clean, at least. Finally.  The nail beds were whittled down to pink and small hash-like scratches were still visible across his knuckles, but they were clean.  His face was another story.  The lower part was dark and dirt-stained, streaked with lines of sweat beading below the curve of left by the cowl.  Like a muzzle, he thought grimly, and picked up the damp hand towel, rubbing it over one cheek and then the other.
Behind him, the shower was running, had been running for God knew how long, making the air in the room heavy with moisture, but it still tasted like smoke.  Everything did.  Each breath was coated with an acrid layer of dirt and ash and the melting plastic scent of drywall mixed with carpet fibers into a sludge of cinders. 

Your pal.  Your Bucky.

Steve’s grip on the edge of the sink tightened hard enough that he could feel the tiny fissures start to form against the pads of his fingers where the porcelain cracked under the strain.  Damn.  He was usually better about being careful.  Better about a lot of things.  Better.  Behind him, the shower pounded into the tile, background noise to the throbbing refrain in his head, drowning it out, or letting him drown in it, he wasn’t sure.
He huffed out a harsh breath, and let his head dip down to his chest, breathing in and out and letting the constant susurration of the water fill his head and push everything else out.  When he looked in the mirror again, he could see the star on his chest, grayed out now, discolored by the soot and smoke, like it had absorbed part of the destruction.  Maybe it had.
God, he’d fucked up, he thought, rubbing a gloved hand through his hair.  He’d fucked up, and it was going to fall on Wanda, and she was just beginning to believe in what she might be able to do. 
Suddenly, he needed to get out of the suit.  Needed it to not be touching his skin.  It was like he could feel every nerve ending at once, rubbing the edges raw.  He needed out of it.  To get cleaned up.  Get clean.

Your pal.  Your Bucky.

Steve was tearing at the buckles of the suit before he finished forming the thought, feeling the seams come apart as he pulled.  It was strangely satisfying.  Tearing it apart.  Tearing it off.  Stripping it all away until there was nothing left, too deliberate to be panic, or he told himself that, anyway.  The door clicked open behind him, but he didn’t bother to look. He knew who it was
“Hey, hey, Steve, calm down, calm down,” Tony’s voice echoed against the rush in his head, distant and hollow, but Steve slowed the frenzy of his motions when he felt Tony’s hands wrap around his own, stilling him.
“Just getting cleaned up,” Steve responded in a flat monotone.  That was true, and it wasn’t all true, and he thought Tony might understand that, probably too well.
“Pricey stuff, here, Cap.  A tad above military-grade Kevlar, after all.  Not to mention, I’m kind of partial to it. Sentimental reasons, you know,” Tony continued, voice seeming to follow his hands, gentling and soothing, as he pulled Steve’s arms down to his sides, where they hung limp and useless.
Steve turned, slowly, letting Tony’s hands guide him around.  Blindman’s Bluff, he thought nonsensically, recalling the childhood game, Bucky’s hands spinning him through the darkness and pointing him the way he was supposed to go.
He didn’t realize his eyes were closed until he opened them and looked down.  Bright, he thought, not sure if he meant the glare of the overhead lights or something else.  Tony was watching him with the same sharp, focused gaze that took problems apart and found the solution, the way Steve’s mom used to see the one wrong stitch in her pattern that meant the whole thing had to be redone.  Remade. 

You sure you want to pull that thread?

“Guess you heard.  About Lagos,” Steve said. Tony ran a hand over his mouth, then shoved it in his pocket. 
“Got called to come to the principal’s office,” Tony admitted quietly after a beat of stillness.  “Ross wants to talk.”
“God, Tony, if they want a pound of flesh, it was on me. Not Wanda. Certainly not on you,” Steve rushed out, one hand going to tug at the neck of the uniform.  It was too tight. Binding. 
“Well.  What’d you say you let me worry about that?” Tony shrugged, shoving his hands into his pockets and canting his head to one side to look up at Steve.
“Tony, I can’t just let you mop up our mess.   You know Ross is just looking for a reason—“ Steve started.
“Yeah, yeah.  Wants to ride shotgun, I know,” Tony replied.    “You let me deal with Ross, how about?   Though, if you want to tell me how Rumlow got the drop on you, I’m all ears.  Among other things.”
Steve looked down and away, then let out a long puff of air through his nose, pinching the bridge with one hand. 
“Rumlow said Bucky, and I asked
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Mutual Pining
Bottom Tony Stark
Angst
Missing Scene
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Shower Sex
Established Relationship
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

