Work Text:
sine qua non
 noun   si·ne qua non \ˌsi-ni-ˌkwä-ˈnän,
- something that is absolutely needed
 Merriam-Webster Steve stays flushed with victory for a long time after he and Bucky limp away from the Winter Soldier facility, heading towards cold air and freedom. No more Accords. No more secrets. No more hunting Bucky across the globe. No more sleepless nights of worrying where he is, has HYDRA retaken him, no more wondering if he remembers who he is. No more government trying to tie them in knots. No more… of anything they don’t want to do.He doesn't know if he's ever felt this free.He has regrets. Of course he does. Things didn't play out the way he'd expected, wanted, needed them to. The people who should be here with him aren't here. Maybe he should have tried harder to make them understand, but maybe they should have tried harder to understand too. Because he’d been right, all along.And yet, there’s a tightness in his chest, a hot, hollow ball of grief and anger and sorrow, a shadow over his thoughts. A bitter taste in the back of his throat, past the coppery blood and fresh pain that he does his best to ignore, even as it grows to coat his whole mouth.He’s right, and has been all along.It’s not as satisfying as it should feel.
oOoOoOo
Bucky chooses to go under again, kept safe and secure until they can figure out how to get HYDRA out of his head. Steve understands, is even glad that Bucky’s able to make that kind of decision about his life, after spending so long with someone else deciding everything for him. He just wishes it was different, that he could figure out a way to dig Bucky’s demons out, let him finally live his life the way he should have been allowed all along. I should ask Tony,  he catches himself thinking.  Tony would probably be able to help. 
 I don’t care. He killed my mom. 
Steve closes his eyes against the wave of fresh hurt and pain that slams into him, resists the urge to gag as the bitter taste floods into his mouth again. Everything else just fades away, leaving him bone-tired and drained, tapped completely out of the single-minded determination that’s been driving him for days, weeks, years.He scrubs at his face, feeling every single one of his hundred years all of a sudden. Right. There’s no way in hell Tony’s going to be in the mindset to help anyone, least of all Steve, any time soon.Well, Steve’s used to being on his own. He’s been on his own since he was 18, except for Bucky. Come hell or high water, he’ll figure something out.
oOoOoOo
Unwilling to put it off any longer, Steve meets with Princess Shuri two days after Bucky goes under, in order to find out what happened to the team he left behind.  As T’Challa’s sister, Princess Shuri could live a life of leisure and luxury, but she instead chooses to serve as the Minister of International and Media Relations, and Steve’s hope is that she’ll be able to tell him what he needs to know.Shuri’s office is spacious, gorgeously decorated, and strategically placed with east-facing windows to take advantage of early-morning light. Her smile is more polite than it is friendly, but warmth is warmth and Steve isn’t complaining. “Captain Rogers, you are up early this morning. Is there something I can help you with?”He nods. “Yes, Your Highness. If it’s not an inconvenience. I’m wondering if you’re able to tell me what happened to everyone else.”“It is not.” Moving her attention to her tablet, she swipes through several screens before returning her attention to him. “Four of your compatriots were remanded to the Raft Supermax Correctional Facility, where they are being held until the United Nations can convene a special tribunal to try them under the Sokovia Accords.”For a moment Steve can't breathe. The Raft is where Rumlow would have gone, if they'd taken him alive. The Raft is where they keep Abomination, Justin Hammer, Aldrich Killian. To think of  Avengers in that place is beyond abhorrent. He doesn't have to ask which four, either. Sam, Clint, Wanda, Scott. The ones who had made the sacrifice play. The ones who'd lain down on the wire to let him and Bucky crawl over them.
 I think I'd just cut the wire. 
Tony's voice, the memory of it, the shine of defiance in dark eyes, challenging jut of the chin, is unwelcome in his head, especially now. Four Avengers in the Raft, and Tony had done  nothing . Where is he in all this?Shuri continues, heedless of his internal monologue.  “Colonel Rhodes remains at Ramstein Air Force Base under heavy sedation, and —”“Wait. I'm sorry, Your Highness?” He frowns, leans forward over the edge of her desk, hoping to catch a glimpse of the information. “Rhodey’s in the hospital?”“Yes, Captain,” Shuri says serenely, turning her tablet towards him and folding her hands together on top of the desk.Steve all but snatches the tablet up, scanning the report. Words keep jumping out at him, out of sequence. Words like  paralysis  and  terminal velocity  and  will never walk again.  He swallows hard, tastin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Canon Compliant
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Angry Clint Barton
Working Out My Feelings Through Fic
Companion Piece
actions have consequences
Not Steve Friendly
Angst
Everyone Has Issues
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
None
