Work Text:
Money and the family name have always opened up doors, but there's never been as big of an impact as the day that a shy, skinny, frail sentinel sticks a hand into Tony's face and says, "Steve Rogers.""Stark. Anthony Stark," Tony says, looking down into big blue eyes. He can see the moment that Rogers registers the gold flecks in his eyes and realizes what they mean, and he waits for Rogers to pull his hand back - but he doesn't, just stubbornly holds it there, and finally Tony takes it. He's not expecting the little shiver that runs up his spine and definitely not expecting it to die off before it hits his brain; a bond not fully formed, not quite, but almost. From the frown on Rogers's face, the same thing has happened to him."This is Howard's younger brother," Peggy says, and suddenly Tony realizes they're just standing there holding hands, and he lets go quickly. He pastes on a forced smile."That's me. I just came to see how Project Rebirth goes." As though he hasn't helped Howard with the calculations. As though this isn't Tony's work too. As though he doesn't have just as much - or more of - a desire to see this through. "Good to meet you," says Rogers, eyes intent, and then he's being lead away. Tony touches his hands together - his palm is still tingling - and doubles back to re-check Howard's notes. Rogers screams a lot. The agony radiating off of him batters at Tony's shields, and it takes everything he has to remain standing. He feels nauseous and shaky when it's over, even though Rogers is fine - confused as hell, but fine. Then there are gunshots and Dr. Erskine goes down in a pool of blood, and Tony finds himself on his knees beside the good doctor watching as the light fades out of his eyes. He fully expects to be sent back home after that, but Howard's never cared one way or the other and with Dr. Erskine dead, no one else does either. So Tony accompanies his brother to the frontlines, and he's always been good at keeping his head down, eyes shaded. He estimates that less than 20% of the camp even realizes that he's a guide, and he makes it a point to keep distance between him and everyone else, but he never feels the draw to another sentinel like he felt that day with Rogers. He tells himself, in the midst of Howard's workshop with grease on his hands and hot metal on his tongue, that's a good thing.It's actually a little boring, and he's restless waiting for something to happen. No, not something, for the one thing, the Thing, and it's coming. But it doesn't happen like Tony expects. Rogers shows up in that stupid costume that makes him look even more attractive, and Tony might flirt with him a few times because all Rogers does is look at him and grin playfully, and the next thing Tony knows they're flying an airplane behind enemy lines to rescue some men. Rogers is tense to bursting, shoulders squared, eyes flashing red - and right after he jumps, Tony sits back and swears loud."What?" Peggy yells."Nothing!" Tony yells back, but he's a guide and Rogers is a sentinel and he knows the fucking signs because his nose has been rubbed in them since the day he was born. And he's not Rogers's guide, but he's the only one with a chance in hell of keeping the man from falling into a zone. He puts the plane on autopilot, grabs the communicator Rogers left behind and the stupid parachute, and jumps out after him.To say that Rogers isn't happy is an understatement. He gets up in Tony's face and yells. A lot. But Tony's used to that, and he puts a hand on Rogers's bare neck. A light hand, but it's enough for him to gather the shivering energy around Rogers and soothe it. Stroke it, the way you would a kitten. Rogers blinks, breathes out, suddenly a lot less tense. Not relaxed, but battle-ready in a way he wasn't before. Tony gives him a hard look, rolls his eyes, and jerks a thumb towards the camp. "Let's go," he mouths."We are finishing this conversation later," Rogers hisses back. He takes off running for the camp. Tony follows, stealing a gun from the first knocked-out soldier that he sees.He loses Rogers for a little bit in between freeing the rest of the prisoners and helping to blow the camp up, but then Rogers comes to find them with a different soldier in tow. Sentinel Bucky Barnes is trying to be calm, but Tony looks past the mask and sees the way he's about two seconds away from a bad reaction. Experimentation, the other prisoners said, not looking at Barnes. Experimentation that no one came back from.Tony's not stupid. He doesn't touch Barnes, not even to settle him, because he might be a guide but that's just asking for a full-on rage. It happens when they've stopped that night and Tony is climbing down from the tank. He goes to jump and lands in mud, and Barnes grabs the back of his shirt before he can go sprawling and Rogers grabs Tony's wrist. Fingertips brush the back of Tony's neck at the same time a different set of fingers wrap around his wrist, and he feels the contact like
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sentinel AU
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Sentinel Senses
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Sentinel/Guide
Sentinel Steve Rogers
sentinel bucky barnes
Guide Tony Stark
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
Spirit Animals
Bonding
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
tony was alive for project rebirth
he fell into the ice with steve
and came out 70 years later
Hugging
Cuddling
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hand wavy science
SO MUCH hand wavy science
zones
Triad bonds

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

