Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The familiar cold of the cryo chamber whispered him to sleep while Steve watched.  It had been a hard decision, but the right one.  He wasn’t the same Bucky he used to be, even though he was trying.  There was something else there too: The Asset.  Winter Soldier.  An unpredictable part of himself that hurt other people.  All they had to know was a series of random words and his mind was no longer his own.
He breathed the air in deep, resisted the urge to cough as his lungs froze.  He didn’t want to close his eyes.  He could still see Steve.  But as the cold overtook his body, his neural system started to shut down, and his eyes slipped closed.  Who knew who he would see when he woke up.  He hoped it would be Steve again.  Hoped Steve would be there to remind him of who he was. 
He hoped that when he woke up things would be different.  This time, there was at least that.
***
“Barnes,” barked a voice, and his body spasmed awake. 
No, he thought.  This isn’t how it works.  He knew the feeling of coming out of cryo.  It sucked. It hurt to breathe, his muscles felt cramped and useless, and he usually had to be dragged out.  Instinctively he felt himself gasping for air, but he didn’t actually need to be gasping for air.  He was cold, but none of the other symptoms of cryo were there. 
“Barnes, stop fooling around,” the voice said again.
He felt someone kick his leg.  In the space between that kick and the voice asking with a hint of worry, “Barnes?” his Winter Soldier instincts had kicked in.  He swept his legs in the direction of the voice and rolled upright so that by the time he was up and the assailant was down, he had his left hand wrapped around the guy's throat.
His brain tried to process the sudden onslaught of new information.
The assailant was Tony Stark.
His arm was not metal.
He was not in a cryo chamber.

He released Stark's throat and stared at his hand.  Flexed it.  Then looked at Stark's still-surprised and now confused expression and his stupidly manicured facial hair and made his way to his feet, taking in his surroundings.
Some kind of refrigeration unit.  Large amounts of food, like at a restaurant.  Beyond the open unit's door he could see a counter crowded with boxy machines.  Whirring noises and the aroma of coffee filled the air.
"Barnes, what the hell is going on," Stark complained, using one of the shelving units to help him stand.  "I come in here, you're on the floor taking a nap, we got a line of customers out the door..."
Bucky looked at the red apron Stark wore over a white button-down shirt.  The logo looked vaguely familiar.  Starkbucks, it said.  Bucky remembered something like that.  But green, instead of red. 
"Shouldn’t that say Starbucks?" Bucky asked. 
"Did you hit your head?" Stark asked.  "I can't tell, under all that fucking hair of yours.  Come here, let me see.  God, the last thing I need is a workman's comp issue."  He reached out to touch Bucky's face and Bucky jerked away. 
"I'm fine," he snapped.  He felt his own head.  Sure enough, his fingers came across a sensitive spot and encountered a wetness there, right along his hairline. 
"Nope.  Nope.  Not fine.  Nope.   You are a walking biohazard.  You need to go home."
"Okay," said Bucky warily.  He didn't move.
Stark sighed and stepped out of the fridge to grab some paper towels.  "Here.  Try not to bleed all over the floor."  He looked behind where Bucky was standing and sighed.  "Too late."
Stark turned and walked out; cautiously, Bucky followed him.  He was still flexing his hand.  His human hand.  He could feel his left hand. 
He wondered if he still had superstrength.
Beyond the door Bucky got a better idea of where he was: a coffee shop.  It looked exactly like a Starbucks except the décor was more red and gold than green and white.  He recognized a few faces behind the counter, all wearing the red aprons: the girl all in black with heavy eyeliner, that was the one called Scarlet Witch.  And with her was the archer, Clint Barton.  Bucky was wearing an apron too, he finally noticed. 
All this was making his head hurt more than the small physical wound was.  It appeared as though he worked here.  He had been momentarily unconscious, not thawing out from cryo.  So what exactly had happened in that time between being woken from cryo and ending up here?
T'Challa must have come through and fixed something in his brain, or else Steve never would have let them wake him.  But maybe that cure wasn't working.  Someone had fixed his arm, too.  How, he wasn't sure.  He wasn't aware of any technology that might reattach a limb that had been severed for seventy years.  As he followed Stark into some kind of office, he reached under the short sleeve on his left side.  Hadn't he been wearing a sleeveless shirt when he went into cryo?  No scars.  They must have completely regenerated his arm somehow. 
And then they all came to work at a coffee shop?
"Sit," said Stark, and Bucky sat.  Stark pulled out a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
barista Bucky
Starbucks
Parallel Universes
Angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Slow Burn
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Cock Rings
Bodyswap
Roleplay
Mental Institutions

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

