Work Text:
The last time Steve looked this happy, it was because - after months of a cat-and-mouse chase - the Winter Soldier had finally agreed to return to the tower with them. But only after appearing soundlessly behind Clint and scaring the hell out of him. To this day, Tony holds the memory of Clint screaming like a five-year-old and falling out of a tree near and dear to his heart.It's unfortunate he can't enjoy this moment quite as much."But - how?" Steve says for about the tenth time, putting a hand to the glass, fingers outstretched. His eyes are shining and Bucky, just behind him, looks a little sick, and Tony would sympathize with him if it weren't for the fact that his heart is skipping so many beats that he has one hand on the arc reactor, just to make sure that it's still functioning the way it's supposed to."We're not sure yet," Jane says, lifting a hand as though to push her glasses up her nose, only to stop halfway there and instead frown distractedly. She looks around the room for a few seconds, then turns to Steve and sighs. "We've been running the data from the scans we got, but honestly? It's a mystery. It could be time travel or it could be a parallel universe or it could be a pocket dimension or some form of all of the above. The only thing we're sure of is that they're not clones.""This is all the data we've compiled so far." Darcy offers their tablet to Bruce, who takes it and begins flicking rapidly through the pages."Thank god for small miracles," Tony mutters, because seeing one version of Howard Stark and Peggy Carter is more than enough, and he doesn't even want to think about what would happen if it turned out there was a possibility of more clones.Darcy and Jane both look at him with identical expressions of sympathy. A little more gently, Jane says, "Darcy put a call in to Reed Richards. He's got some tests of his own to run that might shed some more light on the subject. And of course, you and Dr. Banner are more than welcome to join us. That's actually why we called you. I thought that you and Steve would be the best people to tell whether or not these versions of Mr. Stark and Miss Carter match up with what you remember. That is to say, we're attempting to eliminate time travel as a theory.""It's not magic," says Thor. "Or at least, not a version I recognize.""Does Fury know you called us?" Clint asks. He's hanging back with Natasha and Thor, hands shoved in his pockets. Natasha is doing her best impression of a stone, whereas Thor is clearly unsettled. Like he wants to be happy, but he's picking up on Tony's mood and maybe Bucky's too and isn't sure if he should be.Steve, for his part, is completely oblivious to the rest of them. "Can I talk to them, then?""Yes and yes," Fury says, sweeping into the room in as dramatic an entrance as ever, followed quickly by Coulson. Coulson's wearing that bland expression that means he and Fury have just had an epic stare-down (seriously, Tony's witnessed them doing it, and it's terrifying) which means that Fury probably didn't know until about five minutes ago. He shoots Coulson a grateful look from under his lashes, and gets a slow blink by way of answer."Wait, what do they know?" says Bucky, putting a hand on Steve's shoulder. Not restraining, but more like he wants to remind Steve he's there, and good luck with that. Tony is torn between feeling sorry for Bucky and pissed at Steve. Bucky and Steve have been dancing around each other for months. This has to suck.Tony contemplates, during the two seconds that Jane and Darcy look at each other again, what might happen if Steve runs off with Peggy. Maybe Bucky could find comfort in Tony instead. And then he takes another look at the expression on Bucky's face and officially feels like the worst person the world. He thought he had resigned himself to gracefully stepping aside for the world's greatest love story, but apparently not."A lot," Darcy says finally, with a rueful twist of her mouth. "Like... a lot.""Define a lot," Tony says."Like... if they're time travelers, we might have to create some of memory eraser gun to make them forget.""I want to talk to them," Steve says determinedly, like he might just break down the door in the next two minutes, and Fury nods at him."You've got thirty minutes," he says, but Steve's not listening, slipping out from under Bucky's hand and shoving the door open. Through the glass, Tony watches as Peggy and Howard turn around. He can't help wondering if it hurts Bucky when Steve bounds forward and hauls Peggy into a big hug as much as it hurts Tony to see Bucky and Steve together on a regular basis.It takes at least a minute, but Howard finally speaks.  "Steve, oh my god, it's true. We found you," he says, touching Steve's shoulder reverently, and Tony winces.Steve grins. "Yeah, you did. Thanks for looking for me, Howard."Howard just nods, looking flummoxed. Peggy keeps repeating Steve's name in this stunned, teary voice, until at last she gets out, "I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
Hand wavy science
hand wavy time travel
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Aunt Peggy Carter
Protective Peggy Carter
allusions to a not so great childhood
hints of peggy carter/angie martinelli
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Protective Bucky Barnes
First Kiss
Unrequited Love
Requited Love
tony is an idiot
bucky is also an idiot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

