Chapter 1: SHIELD's Best Handler
    




Chapter Text
The problem with teambuilding, Phil mused, was that you couldn't do it without a team. He could corner any one of the Avengers, but he had yet to get more than two of them together for more than a few minutes, outside a mission. Tony spent most of his time hiding in his lab making things. Bruce spent most of his time in his  lab trying to unmake  the Hulk. Steve just hid in his room. Thor was stuck in Asgard for the foreseeable future.Clint and Natasha came within Phil's reach slightly more, because they'd been his assets the longest. So Phil knew exactly how many hours Clint spent in the archery range before blisters rose even through his tough skin, and popped, and peeled away to leave raw pink fingers that he tried to conceal when he finally came up for supper. Clint was trying to forget what had happened to him. Phil knew exactly how many books Natasha had read, and that every one of them was nonfiction and in English, desperate attempts to anchor herself in what was here and now and real. She was also perpetually ready to obliterate anything that threatened her teammates. This awareness of them made it easier for Phil to gauge the level of trouble at hand, compared to worrying about how much food Tony might or might not eat, and what precisely constituted Bruce's complete list of triggers, and whether it was really good for Steve to decorate his entire apartment in vintage 1930s goods. They healed well from physical wounds; emotional ones, not so much. The more they forced themselves to buck up so they could fight supervillains effectively, the more Phil worried. The Avengers had taken a lot of damage before and during the Battle of New York, some of it from "friendly fire," which was just a disgrace. Friendly fire isn't,  Phil grumbled to himself. All of that made it awkward to practice cooperation with everyone limping inwardly and trying to avoid putting weight on their personal issues. It was doubly awkward attempting to work out communal living arrangements in Tony's enormous, rebuilt tower where none of them -- possibly even Tony -- really  felt at home.Phil looked at the ruins of his team, tallied up the harm done by Fury's savage trick with the bloodied cards, and tamped down a desire to murder his boss. It wouldn't help. Phil needed a way to fix what was broken, but he hardly knew where to start. By the time he'd shaken off the miserable backlash from Loki destroying Phil's Life Model Decoy, the team had thought him dead for a week. Steve had personally arranged a funeral  and interred what was left of Phil's prized collection, all signed, along with the closed casket. Fury still  hadn't owned up to the deceit. No, he left that mess for Phil to clean up after he could finally walk out of SHIELD medical -- "So they'll know it's really you, Agent." What a disaster. No wonder nobody wanted to see him, or each other. It all just hurt too much.So Phil sorted through his toolbox of teambuilding techniques. It was his fluency with things like this that made him SHIELD's best handler, the one who got the brilliant but broken people that nobody else could manage and desperately needed anyhow. Phil knew how to work with whomever and whatever he found at hand. Right now he needed something simple, something safe. It had to be something they could reliably do. He wanted to rebuild his people's trust in themselves, before even trying to broach the topic of trusting each other. There was just too much betrayal in the past to start anywhere but the very foundation. They urgently needed a way to relax and unwind.Phil dismissed the cloak-and-dagger stuff first, then the batch of entrepreneurial options that probably wouldn't work for anyone but Tony. He set aside the soft tangle of cotton loops and wooden beads. Nobody would find the two-person rope puzzle fun right now. They weren't musically inclined enough for a drum workshop, either. He flipped through a handbook of cooperative games, wishing again that Fury had just listened  to him and not cut him out from under Steve before they could even start to bond. It would've been easy to use Steve's innately gentle, playful nature to form a strong team around him -- if he'd had one good trustworthy connection to start. The way things went, though, Steve wouldn't have any heart for cooperative games right now. Without him, there was little chance of convincing anyone else to give it a try.There were other kinds of games, however, Phil mused. Clint, Natasha, and Tony all played video games, poker, and so forth. Steve had never seen video games until recently, but according to old records he had played at least pinball and checkers. Most soldiers knew how to play poker too. Bruce ... was an enigma. Phil didn't know what kind of games he might like or hate. Card games were common, though, and relatively safe. Maybe something would work out.The first game night was almost a total loss. Steve sent his regrets in a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Asexuality
Asexual Character
Asexual Relationship
Community: asexual_fandom
Aromantic
flangst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Angst
Dysfunctional Family
Dysfunctional Relationships
Past Abuse
Incidental self-injury
Age Play
Nonsexual Ageplay
No Sex
Games
Cute
Team
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Teamwork
Teambuilding
Team as Family
Personal Growth
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting
Hurt/Comfort
Trust
Trust Issues
Making up for lost time
Family
Families of Choice
Unconventional Families
Fix-It
Character Death Fix
Canon-Typical Violence
Multiplicity/Plurality
#coulsonlives
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Feels
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Comfort Reading
Bruce has a horrible backstory
Current Environment Is Safe
Competency
Emotional Baggage
My headcanon is a kinder universe than the MCU

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Phil Coulson & Avengers Team

