Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“The day misspent,the love misplaced,has inside itthe seed of redemption.Nothing is exemptFrom resurrection.” – Kay Ryan
 

______________
 Excerpt  from the journals of James Barnes, 2017: 
The first thing I remembered was you. Don’t think I’ve ever told you that. It took nearly a year for the names of my parents and sisters to come back, but I remembered you. From the moment I met you to the fall from the train. Start to finish. Beginning to end. You were there in brilliant colour—like oil on canvas, perfectly preserved.

And I loved you. I knew that, too. I didn’t remember anything about Bucky Barnes except that he loved Steve Rogers with every damn beat of his bloodstained heart. You were air. Remembering you was like learning how to breathe again—oxygen finally cycling properly through my lungs after a lifetime of vacuum. 

This was the mistake Hydra made: they thought they could erase you. But you are carved into my bones and saturated in my blood. To erase you, they would have had to cut me up into pieces so tiny they would have never fit back together whole again. 

They damn well tried, but it wasn’t enough. 

Because I knew you the second I saw you. I didn’t know who you were yet, but I knew you. And for an instant, before they sunk me back under, I loved you. 

They thought they could use me to kill you. Fucking idiots. I’d endure their torture, the fall, the wars, all that fucking blood, a million lives and a million deaths, before I ever ended yours. 

They sent me to kill you and doomed themselves. 

And I hate them for what they did, but. You’re asleep in the bed next to me, mouth open, drooling all over the pillow. There’s a gun under that pillow but your face is relaxed, open and trusting and young and you’re so fucking beautiful. All these years, all this time, and I still feel my chest go tight and my lungs dry up every time I look at you. And I get to. I have you in ways I never dreamed I could. 

I’m so glad I lived. Everything Hydra did, everything they took—it doesn’t matter. They didn’t take you. 

But please, please may I never lose you again. I wouldn’t survive it. 

 

_______________

 

BUCKY   
Istanbul, 2017                                                                                                                                                                      Bucky Barnes is running for his life. It’s become a painfully common occurrence in the last two years, but few days have been as bad as this. He has no idea where Steve is, which makes a tight, furious ball of worry coil heavy in his chest, and the bullet lodged in his leg is making sprinting increasingly difficult. The black ops strike team had gotten the drop on them, shooting him before he even had a chance to react. He put three of them down but they just kept coming, and now he’s running.He turns a sharp left, darting into the maze of the Grand Bazaar. Shouts rise up close behind him, too close, ordering him to stop, but he tunes them out, skidding as his feet hit the tile. He doesn’t fall, but it’s a near thing. His leg burns and he tunes that out, too. They aren’t going to open fire in here, too many civilians, and he’s fairly certain he can lose them.He turns another corner, sneakers slick with the blood streaming down his jeans, and narrowly avoids crashing into a startled family of tourists. They gawp at him, no doubt taking in the metal arm, the smears of red across his pants and shirt, and his wild eyes. The woman opens her mouth to scream and Bucky shoulders past her. He can still hear them—five, heavily armed, fanning out in an effort to trap him.He briefly debates going for the rooftops, but no, too exposed. His entire right leg is wet. They must have nicked an artery. Fuck, fuck, he needs to think—why can’t he think? And where the fuck is Steve?He rounds another corner, gasping when his leg nearly gives out, and ducks through a stall of carpets, ignoring the angry shouts of the merchant. If he can just find a place to hide, then maybe—
Crack. 
He cries out, shocked, as a bullet tears into his stomach. Fuck, so much for not shooting around civilians. And he didn’t see it, how could he have not seen it? He shoves the pain down as deep as he can and keeps going, turning down a smaller path. People scramble out of his way, yelling in half a dozen different languages. The bottom half of his shirt is soaked and he’s starting to feel lightheaded.Focus. Focus. He can’t see any of his pursuers and he takes the opportunity to slow to a brisk walk, scanning the various stalls. There, an older woman is manning a stall overflowing with various foods and spices. There’s plenty of room behind the counter to hide—the large displays will shield him from view—and he staggers forward, forcing his brain to switch to Turkish and his eyes to go wide and pathetic as he stops in front of her.“Please,” he forces out, wrapping a protective arm around his middle. He lost his coat in the initial 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Road Trip
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Reconciliation
Recovery
Past Torture
Fugitives
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Deaf Clint Barton
Fix-It
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
On the Run
Developing Friendship
Healing
Past Brainwashing
Talking
some humor hopefully
Character Study

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

