Work Text:

Now

Stiles Stilinski was sixteen when his life took a hard left turn down strange avenues.
There were days since that walk in the woods with Scott all those years ago that Stiles didn’t think he’d live to see twenty-five, much less thirty, and he was two years past that milestone now. He felt older than that, had the scars (physically, mentally, emotionally) of a man twice his age weighing him down. But those scars made him who he was, made him into something other people took notice of, took caution of. Stiles wouldn’t trade the scars for anything in the world, not when they’d bought him the only thing that mattered to him.
Stiles never thought he’d live half his life based out of New York City, wandering the Eastern Seaboard with his baseball bat, watching over the people and creatures who needed limits in a too-modern world. This wasn’t the Dark Ages anymore. Slaughter was frowned upon on the six o’clock evening news and it was best to cut those stories off at the knees (or hooves or head or claws, Stiles wasn’t picky).
Back when he was a teenager, Stiles certainly couldn’t envision himself having a set power lunch date with one of the most powerful lawyers in New York City on the first Monday of every month. Nicole, for all the faint wrinkles creasing her eyes and mouth more and more every year, was aging gracefully, and Stiles wasn’t above taking a beautiful older woman out to lunch on his dime or Tony Stark’s Black American Express card.
They picked a different restaurant every month. Sometimes they ate at the most expensive tables in Manhattan. Other times they indulged their cravings for burgers and fries in greasy wrappers. No matter the place, the two always talked business.
“You look like you have something on your mind,” Nicole said. She picked up a piece of fried fish with her fingers and poured malted vinegar all over it. She’d already decimated half her fries and a quarter of her beer.
What Stiles loved about Tiana’s mother was that she clearly did not give a fuck what other people thought of her. Older black woman in classy, expensive designer clothes eating with her fingers in an kitschy Irish pub? You opened your mouth to comment at your peril. There was absolutely nothing wrong with using what god gave you in the first place, Nicole liked to say. Starting with your brain against the ignorant assholes in the world.
Stiles popped a fry into his mouth. “You could say that.”
“Tony running you ragged again? I hear Stark Industries’ stocks are down a little.”
“The Avengers kind of decimated parts of Miami in their fight with A.I.M. and that group’s Godzilla-wannabe water robot last week. Namor got his feelings hurt when he was relegated to playing back-up and sort of flooded South Beach with storm surge, just without the storm. The Avengers took the blame for all of it and you know how the media likes to dog Tony’s heels.”
Nicole quirked a smile at him. “So Tony is running you ragged.”
Stiles slouched in his seat and groaned. “You would not believe the amount of bitchiness he has thrown at the press lately. I think the paparazzi are just doing it for love of the verbal abuse at this point but I’m the one who has to smooth things over.”
“Tony does have a particular way with words.”
“Tell me something I don’t know.”
“Why don’t you tell me why we’re having lunch together on a Friday.”
Stiles picked up a fry and dragged it through the ketchup on his plate. He ate it in two bites and suddenly felt more than full. He shoved the plate of food away and ran a hand through his hair, messing it up. “I think it’s time.”
Nicole looked at him across the pitted wooden table that had seen better days and nodded slowly. “All right.”
“Not going to try to make me change my mind?”
“You’re more stubborn than my daughter, Stiles. I know a losing battle when I see one. Besides, we’re better off now than we were before you joined up,” Nicole said.
“S.H.I.E.L.D. working out okay?”
“I enjoy making our brave men and women in uniform do my bidding when I need them to.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
Nicole reached across the table to curve her hand around his, squeezing tightly. The smile she gave him was gentle and worn, a lifetime of secrets in her dark brown eyes that he shared. “You’ve more than earned this.”
“Thank you,” Stiles said, suddenly finding it hard to speak around the lump in his throat. “For everything.”
“No thanks needed. You know that’s not how we do things.” Nicole let him go and broke off another piece of her fried fish to dunk it in the tartar sauce. “I’m not telling Tiana.”
Stiles winced. “I was kind of hoping you would. Please, Nicole? Please?”
“No.”
“I will buy you a bottle of your favorite wine from Paris. Hell, I’ll buy you a ticket there for you to pick it up in person.”
Nicole chuckled, reaching for the malt vinegar again. “Man up, Stilinski. You’ll survive.”
“You don’t know that!” He gestured wildly at her, an earnest, pleading look on his face. “You don’t understand. Tiana has ways of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes

freeform: 
Magic!Stiles
Original Character(s)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Complete

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes

