Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Missing Persons Chapter 1 Stalking the Prey  It doesn't matter that it's late afternoon and broad daylight. The building's so-called security takes the Winter Soldier less than thirty seconds to infiltrate. In other circumstances, he might scale the stairs to the twenty-third floor where his quarry is, but today he simply gets in the elevator, blending in with the other passengers.He doesn't even need to worry about the card reader access to the office space. A woman holds the door for him and lets him in. It's a serious breach of security training that works in his favor. Despite the number of people he passes and the one he actually speaks to, nobody questions his right to be here. These are the kind of security lapses that are going to get somebody killed.A cheerful brunette in a skirt that's so short it should be illegal helpfully points the Soldier to his prey. Like everyone else in the office, the target is oblivious to his surroundings. His attention is focused on lines of code on his computer screen and a pair of earbuds drown out everything else.The Soldier reaches for his target.Spider sense kicks in and Petey falls out of his chair with a surprised squeak, upending it and becoming hopelessly tangled in the cords of his earbuds. "What are you doing here?!""You weren't there when I came to pick you up at school," Barnes tells him, not bothering to help as Petey tugs out the earbuds and rights his chair. "Mary Jane told me where you went."Petey squints up at him. "And you came all the way to the Daily Bugle to check on me?""Considering how you constantly end up in trouble, do you blame me?" Barnes shoots back. "You didn't tell me you were thinking of working again.""I-it was an emergency," Petey sputters.Barnes eyes the lines of code on the screen and shakes his head. "Yeah, I can see it was life or death."The kid blows out an exasperated sigh, pulls out his cell phone and brings up his voice mail. He hands the phone to Barnes. "It was."Shooting the kid a dubious look, Barnes presses the play button and listens to an angrily shouted message from J. Jonah Jameson himself demanding that Petey get to the Bugle immediately. A female voice in the background reminds Jameson that Petey is in school. Fine, Jameson amends. After school. But hurry because the 'frakakta website is a mess' and what is he paying Petey for? Barnes lowers the phone, mouth twisting into a scowl. "He talks to you like that?""He talks to everyone like that," Petey shrugs. "I'm used to it.""Nobody talks to you like that." Barnes turns on his heel, ready to deliver that news flash to the loudmouth personally.Petey grabs his arm and tugs. "Don't!"The amount of force takes Barnes by surprise. Petey actually succeeds in hauling him back and the grip around Barnes' cybernetic arm is strong enough that the plates register the pressure. Then again, Barnes knows firsthand how strong the kid is, how much he usually holds back. He relents. "There are other after school jobs, Petey.""I like this one.""That Jameson guy--""Isn't that bad.""I had nicer handlers at HYDRA."Petey winces and looks around nervously. "Shhh! We're in a cubicle --""Kiddo, I could jump on your desk and scream 'hail HYDRA' and nobody would notice in this madhouse." Barnes scowls as he looks around. "Security here is a joke and what you're doing looks boring as hell.""It's not!" Petey protests. "And I get paid twelve dollars an hour! Other kids my age get minimum wage and they work jobs where they have to ask if you want fries with that. I'm the Bugle's website administrator. That's a real job, Bucky. One that I can put on my college application."College applications and a paycheck that Barnes thinks might be more than he earned working full time back in the day are both damned good arguments in favor of this after-school job. But they aren't the whole truth. He eyeballs Petey and waits and because it's Petey and his motor mouth, Barnes doesn't have to wait long."It's how I find out about situations where I can help," Petey admits quietly. "O-or research bad guys. You know, when I didn't have access to JARVIS. And the Bugle's morgue has a lot of stuff that isn't public information, too. Really helpful stuff."That's still not the whole truth so Barnes folds his arms across his chest and raises an eyebrow.Petey blows out a sigh. "I need the money." He bites his lower lip as he considers how much of his guts to spill and quickly concludes that there's no way he's going to win this battle. "There's something I want to make and the parts are expensive.""Doesn't Stark --?""If I build it in Tony's lab, he's going to want to improve my design and then he's going to add it to one of his suits or whatever," Petey says hotly. "This is my idea. My design. And I want to do it myself."He sounds so much like Stevie that Barnes finds himself convinced that this is the whole truth. "And you can't scrounge the parts? Or get 'em second hand?""People don
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jessica Jones

freeform: 
The Ol' Parker Luck

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jessica Jones

