Work Text:
 “Welcome, students. I’m Directory Nick Fury and this is Avengers Academy. You’ve been invited here because each of you has special talents—skills you’ll learn to use for the greater good by working together as a team. You’ll forge friendships that last a lifetime, seize opportunities to test your limits, perfect your powers, and become the hero you were born to be. Classes are in session. Now, go show the world what it means to be an Avenger!”Fury ended the speech by revealing Avengers Academy’s newest building: towering over the rest of the medium-sized school buildings, the Stark Tower stood out proudly at thirty stories and a helipad on the twenty-seventh level. It had been pledged only last school year by Howard Edward Stark—the leading man in Avengers Academy’s Engineering and Research Development department. The building seemed to have popped up over the course of the summer.“It looks like a mushroom,” Natasha drawled while picking at her nails, ten perfectly manicured with a crimson red French tip. She stood with the large mass of students gathered at the gates. Every year, Fury said the same message. Every year, they participated in welcoming the newest batch of Avengers recruits. Avengers—a special group of talented young people chosen for their special abilities.Beside her, Janet, a girl with short auburn hair rolled her eyes. “Don’t be such a pickle, Natasha. It’s called ‘art’.” She raised her hands, thumbs and index fingers making a rectangle, and framed the structure. Her face squinted with the effort to close one eye. She smiled. Unlike Natasha, she studied the building’s perplexing curved edges with a more discerning eye. “It’s very…,” she tilted her head and squinted, “…phallic.”“I prefer to call it a piece of modern art,” a new male voice joined them. The two girls spun around. The boy wore a bright red and yellow jacket with the collar popped up. He had spiky jet black hair, thick expressive eyebrows, and slight stubble. Neither of them recognized who he was, but he gave a small abortive wave nonetheless.“It uses state-of-the-art structural design features that haven’t been used before, developed primarily to survive the shifting of the tectonic plates and support the additional ground stress of the heavy aircraft and machinery used by the Academy. Fury requested it himself to avoid structural damage based on the specialized stress conditions used by this training facility.” He stopped for a moment, cocking his head. “I suppose you can call it a school.”“And who are you?” Natasha crossed her arms, frowning.“What’s your number and can I get a selfie?” Janet added, fluttering her eyebrows.The boy winked and laughed. “My name’s Tony. I’m starting this year. Engineering.”Natasha looked unimpressed but Janet was exhilarated. “I’m Janet Van Dyne,Dyke—Biology, specializing in genetics. And this frowny friend beside me is Natasha.” She jerked her thumb to the side, and Natasha let out an exasperated sigh. “Aww, don’t worry about her. It takes time to warm her up. Just like an engine. You know what I mean?”“Engines, I can understand.”  Tony threw his head back and laughed. “Girls, not so much. Haven’t had much luck in that area.”“But you’re such a cutie! How can that be!?” Janet complained. She moved in close to Tony, angling her hands so that they curled around his bicep and his elbow tucked against her chest. Tony flinched. It was strangely intimate and inappropriate at the same time. As much as he wanted to make a good impression at his new school without the stigma of his father over his head, he did not want his previous activities to come to the surface.“New kid!” A gruff voice exploded from behind them, followed by a harsh set of stomping not too far away. The ground shook with the force of the footsteps. All three students turned around to see a tall blond boy dressed in a dark blue denim jacket. He looked livid for reasons unknown to them, face red with exertion. “Time to stop flirting and get to class. Your daddy might have bought a new building but that doesn’t mean you’re getting any special treatment.”Tony hadn’t missed a beat. His face closed off and his expression darkened. “What’s it to you, Cap?” He puffed out his chest and stood straighter. “News flash, Captain, this isn’t ROTC and I’m not your soldier. So you don’t get to boss me around like this is your territory!” he shouted, and the girls visibly startled at his outburst.Steve was having none of it. “Listen here, punk,” he sneered just as venomously. He grabbed Tony by the collar and pulled. Tony was lifted off the ground, forced onto his tippy-toes. “You’re new, so I’m going to say this once, understand? What we do is important and we have no time for brats riding on daddy’s coattails.”They were face-to-face, scant inches between them. Tony could feel the vindictiveness in Steve’s words. Spite oozed off the blond in waves. He’d always been in his father’s shadow: the great genius Howard Stark and his groundbreaking
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang Challenge 2016
SWF-Art
bottom!tony
top!steve
Nerd!Tony
Pre-Relationship
Pre-Slash
jock!Steve
Steve and his motorbike
(slight) Christmas fic
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark's A+ Parenting
(kind of) slow burn
Crack-ish
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Avengers bonding moments
engineer!Tony
High School Stereotypes
Mutual Pining
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

