Chapter 1: Peter
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Wade remembered learning about soul mates in grade school. He was ten and had fallen down and scraped his knee. The school nurse was patching him up with a warm smile on her face. “There's someone out there worried about you, Wade.”“Psh yeah right, who?” Wade had known his dad didn't give a shit about him. He had the bruises on his back to prove it. The nurse gave him a sad knowing look as she put on the bandaid, “Your soulmate. They probably looked down and thought, ‘What is he doing getting hurt like that? Doesn't he know I'm waiting for him to be my Prince Charming?’.” The older woman smiled and Wade blushed bright. She stood up and ruffled his bright blonde hair, “You're certainly a cutie pie, Wade. I know you’ll make someone a good soulmate. Just keep your chin up.” --Wade remembered the first time his soulmate drew to him. He was sixteen and a little stick figure appeared on his left hand. It had a smile and Wade drew one back connecting the hands. His soulmate drew a heart around them and Wade could feel the flutterings of affection in his heart. --They didn't draw to each other for a long time, after that. Long enough for Wade to decide to join the army. He noticed a little scar on his chin as he got ready one morning and he recognized it as a shaving accident. His soulmate was just now trying out shaving for the first time. He must have been younger than Wade or hairless. He. Wade smiled and touched the little scar before finishing brushing his teeth. Wondering what his name was. --He wanted to write to his soulmate. Ask him everything and anything. But Wade was scared, what if he didn’t like him? Days went by and Wade tried to think of something smooth to ask or something to draw, but all he could really draw was a dick and that was DEFINITELY not how he wanted to introduce himself. Wade held a sharpie in his hand and just as he was about to write words started to appear on his arm. ‘What’s your name?’It was a simple question and Wade admired the neat handwriting. It was on the small side and Wade wondered what his soulmate’s hands looked like. Were they danity with long fingers or were they big with short stubby digits? He smiled and finally wrote back. Glad that the marker he’d brought in his bag still wrote on his suntanned skin. ‘Wade. You?’Seconds passed and his soulmate answered quicker than he had. ‘Peter.’ Peter. Wade was instantly in love with the name and he closed his eyes, smiling as he laid back on his cot. He had been right about his soulmate being a male. When Wade woke up the next morning his entire arm was covered in drawings of flowers and buildings. He recognized the New York skyline and some science shit and Wade’s heart felt big in his chest as he suited up to go on another mission. As he was getting ready to drop from a plane months later, Wade rubbed the back of his neck nervously and felt a scar. It felt like a bug bite and he snorted, thinking that his soulmate must be out in Central Park. It made him smile as he parachuted down to the ground, feeling more and more focused. Wade had thirty more missions before he could leave the Special Forces with enough money in his pocket to take care of Peter for the rest of their lives. --Wade found himself relaxing in one of their Special Forces bases, marker in hand. ‘Can we talk?’ Wade hoped it sounded less desperate and more hopeful. ‘Anytime, Wade.’ It appeared on his skin a few moments later and Wade thumbed a scar that had formed on his left wrist last week. Peter had been getting more and more scars lately which seemed odd for him. Wade had always been the one getting scarred ever since he was little. ‘Thanks. How’s the weather? Staying warm?” Wade knew it was winter in New York right now and he hoped Peter was wrapped up in a blanket. Wade imagined him sipping hot chocolate with the fucking little marshmallows. Maybe by a fire. God he wanted to just meet Peter. ‘10 inches of snow. Heater’s trying to break but I’ll be okay.’Wade wiped away his previous words with a damp cloth and dried his skin, answering quicker than he ever had. ‘Do you need money?’‘Thanks but no thanks. I’m a big boy.’Wade smiled and drew a little smiling face on his arm. ‘Good. I worry.’ ‘I appreciate it, Wade.’ --With three more missions to go Wade is brought in by his supervisor and given a dishonorable discharge, saying that they couldn’t have someone who didn’t obey orders in the Special Forces. Wade knew it was because on mission forty-five he’d left survivors. The mission had been to go in a kill a target. Leave no witnesses. Wade shot the guy in the head and as he was leaving the compound there were two kids. Fucking kids. Wade couldn’t do it. He left them alive and hoped the Special Forces wouldn’t find out before he was done. Of course they figured it out. Wade flipped off his supervisor as he left, duffle bag over his shoulder. There was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
I'm combining some things
Panic Attacks
Scars
Blow Jobs
Shower Sex
Self Confidence Issues
Self-Hatred
Self-Harm
Bonding
FRECKLED PETER
it needed to be a tag
Past Torture

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

