Chapter 1: Even super-heroes have movie-nights
    




Chapter Text
When you are world-famous, slightly odd, super-heroes who do you invite over for movie-night? Other weirdos of course. When the Avengers had found out about Coulson not being dead after all, they were of course very happy, but also quite annoyed with both Fury and Phil for not having told them right away. But over time things had worked out and now Coulson’s team and the Avenger helped each other out every now and then. They had never all been in the same place at the same time, but this evening Coulson’s team were heading over to Stark Tower for movie-night.Skye was soooo exited, she had never met any of them in real life and she was the new one already. As a computer-geek herself she, of course, totally fangirled over Stark. Skye found Natasha beautiful, if a little terrifying. The rest she didn’t have a read on, especially not on the other inhabitant of the Tower, Loki. What are you supposed to feel about an ex-villain alien god, who looks super-hot?Despite all having spoken over the comms at one point or another things were a little awkward first off, but the stories started flowing and that got things jazzed up; stories told from two perspectives really makes them more fun, especially when one person, Clint, is obviously embellishing and trying to tease the rest. It was not that Skye didn’t want to participate in the story-telling, but she was just fascinated by people-watching – not often do you get to see such a weirdly mixed group hang out. Who Skye couldn’t keep her eyes from, much to her surprise, was Loki. Her eyes kept drifting to him whenever she thought he wasn’t looking. And she couldn’t help picking up the small mannerisms: very courteous, allusions to superiority, quietly and discretely assertive; subtly telling Clint things that immediately resulted in Clint changing his behaviour, pulling his hair possessively and at some point during the evening Clint even slid down onto the floor to sit. All the things could just be written off as friends feeling comfortable around each other and the rest could perhaps be chalked up to Loki having been raised as a royal. But on the other hand, what Skye was seeing could be interpreted very differently if one spoke kink. Skye spoke fluent kink – having frequented BDSM- and fetish clubs for years – and Loki was text book Dom.Skye knew from experience that some kinksters have a tendency to bring their games into the real world, just toned down a lot – and unless you knew what you were looking at, you wouldn’t see anything untoward. Skye kept watching Loki, getting caught a few times; she was more and more sure: Loki and Clint had something going on and it was far from vanilla.Skye had been looking for a play partner for a while, but with her job it was a little difficult to find one who, apart from being of the right age, with matching kinks and personality, and conveniently located, could accept her ridiculous working hours and the fact that her phone might ring during a session, which would mean that all play had to stop. And as people around her didn’t know about her proclivities, Skye had had to land a subspace herself – which is doable with nice people around you, but would be nicer with a partner, who knows both sides of one’s life.With that in mind she couldn’t help thinking about playing with Loki. She didn’t really know him, but he was trusted by some of the most important people in her life. She also knew that trusted wasn’t the same as well-liked: Coulson would never get to the point of ‘liking’ Loki, but he accepted the usefulness of his presence and had come to trust him. Skye wouldn’t mind in the least walking out of the room right that minute to have fun with Loki, but how do you even proposition a god, and even a god that you don’t know for sure is actually the sadistic dom you’re looking for?And on the other hand, she could be completely wrong and be seeing things she wanted to see. Though Loki’s smirk, the few times he caught her staring, was very much one that said “busted” and “I’ll get you for this.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Loki & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Natasha Romanov & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bruce Banner/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Skye | Daisy Johnson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye | Daisy Johnson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki/Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Skye/Lucifer
Skye/Lucifer Morningstar
John Constantine/Lucifer Morningstar (Lucifer TV)

freeform: 
BDSM
Heavy BDSM
Dom/sub
Sadism
Masochism
Bloodplay
Knifeplay
Caning
Needles
Dom/sub Play
Power Play
Anal Play
Consent Play
Play piercings
Knives
Erotic Violence
death kink
Flogging
Spanking
bc - Freeform
Breath Control
Control
Asphyxiation
Choking
Blood
Blood Kink
Threats
Fear Play
Fear
a little magic
Chains
Kinbaku
Rope Bondage
Bondage
Anal Sex
Orgasm Control
Hair-pulling
Collars
Dungeon
S&M
Voice Kink
Consensual Non-Consent
No Safeword
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Rough Body Play
Dom Loki
Bottom Skye
Sub Skye
Dom Natasha
Dom Natasha Romanov
Dom Tony Stark
Dom Clint
Dom Clint Barton
Switch Clint Barton
Top Loki
Top Natasha Romanov
Top Natasha
Top Tony Stark
Top Clint Barton
Dom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Switch Bucky Barnes
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Japanese Rope Bondage
Snarky Jarvis
Sex Toys
Mind Reading
Kissing
Biting
Mind Games
Hardcore
Pain
Painplay
Submission
Punishment
kicking
sub-space
Blood Lust
Erotic pain
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags Contain Spoilers
Stark Tower
Avengers Tower
Avengers Movie Night
Rules
Ankle Cuffs
Handcuffs
Manacles
Wax Play
Fire
Dom Lucifer
Forced Orgasm
Fucking Machines

fandom: 
Loki/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Loki & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Natasha Romanov & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Bruce Banner/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Skye | Daisy Johnson/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Skye | Daisy Johnson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Skye | Daisy Johnson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Loki
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki/Natasha Romanov/Skye | Daisy Johnson
Skye/Lucifer
Skye/Lucifer Morningstar
John Constantine/Lucifer Morningstar (Lucifer TV)

