Chapter 1: Scott
    




Chapter Text

 Then 
He doesn’t know what to think anymore.His life has been one shitty decision after another, it seems like, especially lately. Not that he regrets making some of those decisions; sometimes, hard choices had to be made. But that doesn’t change the fact that they’re shitty decisions. He’s trusted some sketchy people in his time, but thought he finally had his life back on track — if a very strange, skewing-all-over-the-place track — once he became Ant-Man.Cos he was a bonafide superhero, one who saved the world, or at least a tiny bit of it, from Darren Cross’s particular brand of insanity.Who fought the Falcon and didn’t die.Who  Captain America called on when he needed a team to back him up.Who his daughter could look at, think about, talk to with pride. Because he was a superhero, one of the upholders of truth and justice and all that other crap.And he’d ended up in prison for it, because of a man Hank Pym said he couldn’t trust. Because Stark and his stooges had cuffed them all, stripped their gear, and thrown them into the most secure facility the US government didn’t officially possess.He had three weeks in supermax, and six weeks in Wakanda to nurse and nurture his grudge for Tony Stark, a man who had fought him, defeated him, and thrown him in prison without even knowing who he was. It had made him feel so very tiny, and for a guy who shrank to tiny sizes for a living, that was an accomplishment. He’d never see his daughter again. Never see his friends.Never see Hope again either.Then the quinjet landed, and Cassie had come down the ramp, healthy and whole. Maggie and Paxton had been understandably upset at being uprooted and unceremoniously shoved into another country for their own safety, but they got it. Not that Scott cared, really. His primary focus was the fact that his daughter was in his arms, and that was all that mattered.
 Hank Pym always said you never could trust a Stark. 
Pym had always led him to believe that his history with Howard Stark extended to Tony Stark. Well, okay, maybe  led to believe is implying Pym did it deliberately, and Scott doesn’t know that’s the case. But even if it wasn’t deliberate, Pym had no problems letting Scott draw his own conclusions, and just never bothered correcting them.Just like Cap had kinda sorta in a way led him to believe that his help was needed to back Captain America’s play for psycho assassins, and had never corrected his misperception. Or, more fairly, the half-truth, since there were definitely psycho assassins involved, but they ended up being a huge Macguffin.But Tony hadn't turned an eyelash when Scott spat the name at him in the Raft. His  who are you? was flippant and dismissive, but Scott's kinda figured out by now that Tony had no actual idea who he was. Or who Pym was. That maybe, just maybe, Pym might also have been off base. That maybe he should have listened to the tiny inner voice trying to tell him once again that Pym is a paranoid, bitter old man.After everything, Cassie and Maggie and Paxton are here, safe from the consequences of  his actions, and Tony Stark did that for no other reason than he didn't want Scott's family to pay the price for Scott's on-the-fly decision to get into a car with people he's never met and go to Germany because Captain America needed help.He promised Maggie he'd be on the straight and narrow after getting out of prison. It was one of her conditions for allowing him to continue to see Cassie. No crime, child support, get an apartment. And he'd been doing so well, theatrics of being Ant-Man aside, right up until the point his phone rang, and Sam Wilson was asking him if he was available for Avengers-related business.Who'd turn that down?No one. That's who. No one.But with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight, he knows he probably should have.Trying to explain things to Cassie hadn’t been easy. Because she wanted to know why, Daddy, why didn’t you sign the Sokovia Accords, like Iron Man and Vision and Black Widow (god, she’s especially obsessed with Black Widow; she must never know that the Widow kicked Daddy’s ass pretty handily when he tried to go hand-to-hand with her.) Keeps asking when he doesn’t have an answer that doesn’t sound like a cheap cop out to his ears.He keeps trying to come up with a good answer. But he can’t find one.-----Maggie’s pissed, and Scott knows she has every right to be. He’s the one that keeps screwing up her life. First jail, and then Ant-Man, and then Yellowjacket, and then jail again, and now Wakanda. He’s been expecting a blow-up since she stepped off the quinjet, waiting for the hammer to drop down onto his head.It comes a week after they arrive in Wakanda. Paxton’s got Cassie off somewhere doing something — hiking, maybe. Or had Cassie said something about swimming or rafting or something to do with water? — and Scott’s helping Maggie clear the dishes from their breakfast. She’s been uncommonly quiet, with her head down, methodical
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Working Out My Feelings Through Fic
Reconciliation
The Avengers Have Issues
Consequences
Post-Canon Fix-It
Not Steve-Friendly
Background Relationships
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Everyone Needs A Hug
Major Character Injury
Permanent Injury

fandom: 
None
