Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Popular theory said that it took 42 muscles to smile. Tony was feeling the protest of every single one of those muscles at the moment, and he doubted that his smile - half-assed as it was - was all that convincing when he said, "It won't be that bad, Rhodey. It's fine.""Yeah? You look about as fine as that time I found you passed out on the floor of Alpha Epsilon," Rhodey said, crossing his arms with only a slight wince. "You promised you would never bring that up again!"Rhodey ignored him, as was Tony's life, and added, "I don't like this. I don't like this one bit. Bring Ross here; tell him I'll stand in.""He's not going to accept that," Tony said, because that was easier than pointing out that Rhodey was not a caregiver. He'd been there the day that MIT did the re-tests prior to graduation, and Rhodey - the lucky bastard - had come out as a blank slate. Rhodey was stubborn, though; even in the middle of trying to re-learn to walk and partial paralysis, he'd do whatever it took to put one over on Ross. The problem was, Rhodey wouldn't be able to give Tony what he needed (no one would, now) and they both knew it."Then we'll come up with some other explanation. Maybe -""Don't. Don't say it." Tony held up a hand to forestall the inevitable. "Pepper isn't a caregiver, and even if she was, I would never ask her to do that.""Yeah, that's the problem," Rhodey said, scowl deepening."It's fine," Tony repeated. Maybe if he said it often enough, he would believe it. He stood up, adjusting his suit jacket. "I have to go.""Tony -""Fine," Tony said firmly, pasting on another smile, and fled the room before Rhodey could come up with a more convincing argument. Not that it would take much at this point. This had "BAD IDEA" written all over it in glaring red letters. He'd always resented the fact that he was a biological Little, but it had never seemed like a more insurmountable problem than it did now. It was enough to make him miss the days when his biggest issue was that the Board of S.I. didn't like having a Little as their chief engineer. He hadn't given into that side of him in weeks. Months. Not since - 
The suit hit the ground, taking Tony with it, and he was sprawled on his back, gasping, as Captain America - no, as Steve straddled him. There was anger written across Steve's face, and he brought the shield up over his head: the flash of pure terror that went through Tony was the last straw, and all of the emotions swept away his control as cleanly as a tidal wave. As Steve started to bring his arms down and Tony flinched, that single word slipped into the air between them, shaky and tearful, and Steve's face changed into horror but it was too late because the shield was already slamming into Tony's chest -
Sunlight, bright in his eyes, snapped him out of the flashback just in time to see the car pulling up to the door. Still hidden by the walls, Tony scrabbled at his chest as a physical reminder that his wounds were long since healed and tried to remember how to breathe. General Ross got out of the car, followed by a tall, slender man. Ross entered first, of course, zeroing in on Tony instantly. "Stark!" he boomed, voice much too loud."General," Tony managed, forcing the panic down. Hiding it away, just like he hid everything else. He couldn't afford to be weak right now. It was bad enough that Ross was assigning him a caregiver, as though Tony were physically a child as well as mentally (sometimes). He just thanked every god he could think of that any physical or electronic records of Tony's Little age had died when SHIELD fell instead of being dumped on the internet. Ross had no idea just how young he really was, and for that Tony would be eternally grateful. It also meant that, even if this caregiver turned out to be the best guy in the world, Tony would never allow himself to be Little around him.This would be a real shit show if Ross ever found out the truth. Tony would lose whatever meager foothold that he had managed to gain. He just had to keep holding it together. All the time. He could do that."This is Captain Talbot," said Ross, indicating the man standing just behind him. "This is your new caregiver.""Stark," Talbot said. He didn't look like the kind of warm, friendly caregiver that decorated the pamphlets Pepper used to drop on Tony's desk. His eyes were dark and cold, and he wasn't smiling. He looked like the last thing he wanted was to deal with a Little of any kind."Talbot," Tony returned. He would never be able to call the man 'Captain'. "I appreciate the forethought, but I'd like to point out that I really don't require a caregiver, General. I've had a lot of experience in -""Save it, Stark. I have no use for a half-dropping superhero that could go Little at any time. Talbot is here to keep you under control, and, when you drop, his orders are to get you out of sight by whatever means are necessary. If you refuse, I'll consider it treason. There is an empty jail just w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
alternate universe - littles are known
Littles Are Known
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
baby!scott
Daddy!Sam
caretaker!peter
uncle!bruce - Freeform
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Nick Fury
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
General Ross is an asshole
Cuddling
Temper Tantrums
PTSD
meltdowns
steve rogers is an idiot
bottles
Diapers
Bathing
Little abuse
tony gets abused while little
so it does read similar to child abuse
Abuse
Neglect
Sick Tony Stark
Platonic Cuddling
Cribs
Nursery
Pacifiers
broken arm
tony stark deserves everything in this world
unfortunately he has to settle for the team
all the feels
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
or at least a happyish ending
lots of yelling
and guilt
steve rogers apologizes
yes that gets its own tag
tony stark is way too kind for his own good
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

