Chapter 1: Clint
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
Clint 
  
He doesn’t react when they come for him, but it isn’t particularly surprising, either, at least not to Clint. The others though, they react frantically, shocked out of their lassitude, jumping up and yelling, pounding on the clear front wall of their cells. Well, not Wanda; they hadn’t heard a thing from Wanda since they put that fucking collar on her.
 
But it’s fine. It’s what he’d intended. Since the moment he saw that asshole Guard #3’s glance linger just a little too long on Wanda. Clint knows that look. It’s a look he’d seen on too many thugs in the countless dead-end towns that were the backdrop of his adolescence, and then more in the mercenary camps of his early ‘professional’ life. It’s a look that speaks of the powerlessness and rage that grows inside them when they look themselves in the mirror and know they come up lacking. And it’s the sinister glances that jump between them that Clint knows signal the start of trouble that always – always – means someone is going to get hurt.
  
Those are the looks that tell Clint he needs to draw their attention - away from Wanda – and onto himself. So he baits them and taunts them and mouths-off to them whenever they appear, and more and more, they flash their dark expressions at Clint.
 
“What the hell are you doin’, man?” Sam hisses, more than once. “Don’t fucking antagonize them!”
 
But Clint ignores him and keeps right on making sure that if they’re going to take out their frustration over their miserable, impotent lives, it will be on him and no one else.
 
He thinks about Nat for a moment and he’s thankful that she’d signed the damn Accords and sided with Stark – and then gotten away after helping Steve and Bucky escape - because he knows that she would have seen right through what he was trying to do and would no doubt have found a way to subvert it. But she’s not here, and neither are Steve and Bucky, and he’s thankful for that, too – because at least that means there are three fewer people for him to worry about.
 
AAAAAAAA
 
When they come, there are five of them – admittedly, more than Clint had anticipated – but it’s not important. One, five, he doesn’t fucking care, as long as they don’t take Wanda. Or Scott or Sam, for that matter.
 
He’s seen eighteen different guards during the eight days that they’ve been here and Clint has cataloged each and every one. He’s watched their eyes, knows their habits, discerned their strengths and weaknesses. He’s not surprised that the five who are walking him away from the comparative safety of his cell are the five he has grown most wary of. He is surprised, at first, that they don’t take him in the shackles he’d arrived in, but it only takes a second before realization dawns: they need plausible deniability, so that when Clint comes back looking worse than when he left, they can point to their own bruises as the reason. If he’s restrained, it’s a harder story to sell.
 
As they lead him away from the cell block, he thinks fleetingly of how pissed Phil would be. He can envision the expression – the one where his mouth forms a hard, frustrated line; the one that Phil gets when he’s shaking his head at what he perceives as Clint’s lack of self-preservation. Clint blinks his eyes shut a fraction longer than normal, holding onto the mental picture of Phil for just a second, and then he ruthlessly pushes all thoughts of his partner away, because he knows what is likely coming next, and he does not want images of Phil tied up with that.
 
He goes without protest because the last thing he wants to do is cause Wanda any distress, and even though she never utters a word, he knows her eyes are following them. He walks calmly and quietly, but his mind is moving frenetically… watching, assessing, planning. Clint knows he’s not at his best; a week or more without real exercise - without a sparring partner to keep him sharp - means that he’ll be at a strong disadvantage. He knows he’s unlikely to come out on top with five on one - much less a whole submersed prison full of more just like them - but fuck it if he’s going to go down without a fight. He hopes he’ll at least get the satisfaction of landing a few good blows. He’s pretty sure he will.
 
They lead him out of a back door in the cellblock – not the one Clint and his team had entered through, or that the guards use to come and go. It takes them to a dim corridor, and as they walk, Clint is uncomfortably aware that they see no one else along the way. As they move farther and farther from the cell block, down more empty hallways into an area that looks like it’s still under construction, he suspects that this isn’t going to be a typical prison beat-down.
 
“Stop!” #6 orders, as #3 turns his key into the lock on one of the doors in the deserted corridor.   Clint does as he’s told, but tenses, ready to go on the offensive.
 
The second they shove hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Imprisonment
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Protective Clint
Rape/Non-con Elements
Violence
BAMF Clint
Clint whump
Hurt/Comfort
Courage
Friendship
Team Dynamics
Survivor Guilt
PTSD
Angst
Flashbacks
Asphyxiation
Panic Attacks
Recovery
Sort of a fix-it
Character studies
Self-Sacrifice

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

