Work Text:

‘Spider-Man.’


Peter only just manages not to flinch, putting on a grin as he turns around. It can’t be seen, because mask, but he knows it comes out in his voice. Daredevil’s standing there, arms crossed and giving off this whole vibe of angry, disappointed Dad. No, not Dad, maybe brother? He’s got nothing on Uncle Ben - he has… had the most disappointed Dad angry face you can imagine - but man this one is still pretty good. 


And Peter’s off topic. ‘Daredevil! Hey! Wow, didn’t think I’d see you again out here tonight? What.. what are you doing here?’ He tries to push down the butterflies in his stomach, their jittering making him want to hop on the spot. But Matt - no, Daredevil in the mask, they agreed - just keeps staring and Peter finally can’t keep the nerves down. ‘I ah, did what you said?’


‘You went home,’ Daredevil says in a toneless voice. 


‘Yes,’ Peter tries to project every inch of sincerity into his voice, to cover the lie.


As usual, it doesn’t work. ‘Pe- Spider-Man.’ Oh man, that’s Daredevil’s ‘you’re lying and don’t make me call you out on it, I hate calling you out on it’ voice. 


‘Okay, so I went back to Queens… and then came back.’


‘I got the came back bit,’ Daredevil says and there’s a touch of amusement in his dry voice. Yes! ‘Even though it’s too late for you to be here and not 

safe

.’


‘I can’t believe you’re enforcing a 

curfew

,’ Peter grumbles trying to keep the vague hurt he feels out of his voice. 


‘If I don’t, who will?’ Daredevil sounds almost weary as his hands fall to his side. ‘You’re not going to go home, are you?’ Peter doesn’t even bother reacting, Daredevil doesn’t need him to; something his sigh confirms. ‘Since you’re here anyway, you might as well come.’ Peter smiles genuinely this time, a bounce in his step as he moves to Daredevil’s side. ‘But I want you to watch only.’


‘Seriously?’


Another sigh. ‘I sent you home for a reason, and not just because it’s nearly two am. Stay high, stay out of sight and for the love of God, stay safe.’ Before Peter can react, Daredevil’s off and running, leaping for the next roof with barely a look at where he’s going. Peter scrambles a bit in his efforts to keep up, ignoring the web-shooters on his wrists in favour of practicing the Parkour Matt’s been teaching him. He can’t quite manage the not looking thing yet but his senses are nearly as good as Matt’s so it’s only a matter of time.


Right?


******** 


Matt - no Daredevil, come on Peter head in the game - directs Peter to a nearby rooftop before he slips into the shadows of the alleyway below. It’s too dark to follow his progress visually so Peter doesn’t bother, instead listening for the progress of his footsteps and breathing. He can get the footsteps easily enough but not always his breaths. Matt says it’ll come with practice. 


He always says that.


Slipping into the warehouse, Matt taps his baton on the doorway - Peter’s signal. He jumps onto the warehouse’s roof, landing lightly before scurrying into the shadows behind the door. Focusing, he listens. Grunting, groaning; Matt’s got them fighting. Pounding steps but none coming closer… he’s clear. Peter rips the door open, darts inside and slams it shut. He’s on the roof before it even hits its frame, racing along the corridor until he enters the warehouse proper.


As they thought, it’s full of crates and crates of things. Peter makes a face at an open one, full of guns that look familiar in a way that makes his chest tighten and his heart pound. These guys may not have sold it to him, but the asshole’s gun was definitely one of these. Getting them off the street is only going to do awesome things to the world and save more uncles. 


And Matt wanted Peter to sit out, like he’s some kid. These guys are idiots, amateurs - Peter ignores the voice that sounds a lot like Matt calling him an amateur too - who, by the look of their fight with Matt - Daredevil - aren’t even in fighting form. 


‘Stay up there Peter,’ Matt says in a tone so low Peter barely catches it. He blinks, certain in the knowledge that Daredevil’s not looked up once during his fight. Man he can’t wait until he can out hear Matt; it’s going to be awesome. 


‘Hey, I’ll be good. Do my civic duty and watch you kick ass. Maybe report it later; I hear you can remain anonymous when you report crimes. Did you know that?’ Matt shakes his head slightly, the only sign he’s listening to Peter. ‘Oh good, well there you go. You learned a new thing! Isn’t learning fun?’ And that’s a smile! Holy cow Peter got the Devil to smile. Is that like, a lifetime achievement? Should he add it to his resume? Got Devil of Hell’s Kitchen to smile - can do anything. 


Below him, Daredevil ducks a punch and takes another to the gut. He stumbles, only a step but far more than he usually does. His breathing is laboured and his punches nowhere near as neat as the ones he teaches Peter with. Scanning the warehouse, Peter looks for movement - yes, there’s s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Major Character Injury
Friendship
Big Brothers
Guilt
POV Peter Parker
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

