Chapter 1





Chapter Text
One second before Loki lets go of the spear, Thor knows.
He knows, he sees what will happen if his brother falls. He sees Loki dying, once, twice, thrice – and each time the loss cuts deeper. He sees their mother, sees her gown stained by her own blood, sees her soul ascending to the stars. He sees their father slumped on his throne, old and tired and broken by grief.
And then he sees himself, standing amidst shield brothers both old and new, sees himself fighting, feasting, laughing. He sees himself sitting on his father's throne, and feels secure in the knowledge that the realms will be at peace. He sees Jane by his side.
It is his worst nightmare, and at the same time it is  everything he has ever wanted.
And he will not have it.
His mother explained to him that her gift of precognition sometimes felt like a curse: To know the future while being unable to change it, to see a tragedy unfold and being forced to ignore the signs. She learned years ago that interfering with the Norns' plan would only bring about worse catastrophes.
But this is Thor's first vision, and right now his mother's stories are the last thing on his mind.
Right now, there is only the howling of the abyss beneath him, and the frustratingly smooth spear that threatens to slip out of his sweaty palm.
Their father speaks only one word, and Loki flinches as if struck.
His brother's face looks so open, so vulnerable. It could be an act, a mask Loki assumes to inspire pity – one can never be sure with the god of lies. One can only believe.
Loki looks hurt, lost. But most of all, Loki looks scared.
Then Loki lets go, but Thor is prepared.
He does not allow himself time to reconsider. It is not one of his better plans – it is not a plan at all. He only knows what will happen if he watches his brother's demise without doing anything; any other outcome has to be better than that.
And so he twists in his father's grasp, turns, brings Gungnir around, and tries not to listen to the Allfather's cry of shock and pain as the legendary weapon cuts deep into his arm. Thor strikes with the intent to sever muscle, tendons and bone – he will do what is necessary, but he also averts his eyes, does not dare to look upon the damage he inflicts.
Odin lets go (or maybe he doesn't, not willingly – the fingers around Thor's ankle do not open, not right away, but he refuses to think about what that means), and Thor is falling.
His father is screaming, shouting, howling, and for some reason his brother is screaming as well, crying, wailing, sobbing. And still it sounds as if Odin's cries are ones of grief, whereas Loki only expresses outrage. It is almost funny. Thor would laugh, if he wasn't in the process of despairing himself.
He will not make it. He is falling too slowly, and Loki is too far ahead of him. Thor will not reach him in time, and so they will both perish in the Void, alone.
Gungnir is useless for this, so he lets go of the king's spear, not caring where it falls, and calls for his own companion instead. Mjölnir is in his hand almost the very instant he thinks of her, and all of a sudden he is no longer falling, but flying towards Loki.
It is enough. Barely. Just before the darkness claims them, Thor manages to grip his brother's collar.
Then the world ends.
Or at least that's what it feels like. Everything just stops, and then –
–  disappears.
One moment he can feel the wind in his hair, the rush of flying, and then suddenly he is... not falling, not flying, not even floating. He just is. All light is gone, all air, all matter, the very concepts of gravity and direction and force and weight and time. He cannot see anything, cannot hear. There is only himself – and the reassuring feel of Loki's armor beneath his fingers.
His heart threatens to burst from the immense gratitude and relief he feels – or maybe those are his lungs, collapsing under the strain of containing the breath he has been holding in a place no living being was ever meant to see. He gasps in surprise, foolishly letting go of what little oxygen remained inside his body, and tries not to break under the strain. It does not feel quite like suffocating – it feels like being mortal again, except much worse, like every cell in his body is decomposing at an alarming rate. He does not have much time.
He softly grasps the side of his brother's neck with one hand, runs his fingers through the soft, dark tresses he finds there, and rests his forehead against Loki's. With his other hand he pulls Loki close, molds their bodies together the way he used to do when they were children and one of them suffered through a nightmare.
He wants this to be the last thing he feels, wants to dedicate his final thoughts to his little brother, wants to offer what little comfort he can still give despite their current situation.
Surely there are worse ways to die.
He waits for the inevitable sensation of his heart giving out, and only hopes that he manages to outlive Loki by a few he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Precognition
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Loki Needs a Hug
Jötunn Loki
Intersex Loki
Blood and Injury
Rough Sex
Dream Sex
Pseudo-Incest
Anal Sex
Bottom Loki
Gender Identity
Gender Dysphoria
Odin's A+ Parenting
Dubious Consent
Original Character Death(s)
Thor Feels
Protective Thor
Fantastic Racism
Pining
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Denial
Mpreg
Top Thor
First Kiss
Rape/Non-con Elements
Minor Character Death
Fluff and Angst
First Time
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Sex
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Break Up
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

