Chapter 1: Yep, definitely broken ribs.
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The ground is cold. It's freezing. It seeps up slow through his armor and settles deep and sharp inside him like knives made of ice. It doesn't help that the wind bites at his face and the soft fall of snowflakes feel like slaps against his skin. His skin that bleeds, and is bruised, and God he cannot breathe are his ribs broken?His suit's reactor is splintered through and dull, his suit is barely functioning, barely allowing him to lean over on his elbow. F.R.I.D.A.Y. is offline and for one of the many few times, he feels helpless in his suit.It's been about half an hour since self-righteous Steve had limped away, dragging poor brain-fucked Bucky with him. Tony snarls and lets out an angry roar, breathing ragged and in pain. He shuts his eyes and feels them brim with liquid, the warm sting of unshed tears dam up in the back of his throat.
Yep, definitely broken ribs. 
Tony takes a light calming breath, wincing slightly as the ache in his ribs still pound against him with every intake of air and beat of his heart. He drags a cold stare over to the abandoned shield, so easily tossed aside, then the metal arm.Tony rakes his eyes over the torn pieces and burnt metal that have twisted themselves upon being heated up so fast only to be cooled down even faster. He feels vaguely proud that he managed to take something from him, take something that maybe matters to the Winter Soldier.The rage is still coursing through him.He wishes he had taken more.Tony spits blood on the ground and tries to push himself up to stand. Immediately it's a horrible idea, nausea and pain shoot through him and he can feel the bile rise in his throat. He slams back into the ground and his whole body racks with pain. There's a dizziness in his brain and he suddenly becomes very sluggish, he can't even raise his hands.
When he gets home he is going straight to bed, maybe a shower. Good lord knows he needs both. Medical attention too probably. When he gets home...
But how is he supposed to get home? He only has one decent foot thruster and that's barely working. Not to mention his suit which is just... he will not be flying anywhere soon. He's got no communication, no one knows where he is. Not Rhodey, not that Parker kid, not Pepper and fuck does he not need to open that can of worms right now because he cannot stomach another-The vomit forces its way out of his mouth, he doesn't even have the power to turn over. The sounds are grotesque enough, all liquid splashing and gagging that is slick and suffocating. The whole body force of expelling this particularly disgusting bodily fluid shudders through him all the way down to his toes and the pain spikes through him like a tsunami. Tony hears a sickening crunch in his side as another wave of vomit forces its way up, coating down his chin and rolling down the left side of his face and partially into his ear. The horrible stench makes him gag and the pain increases with his dry heaving. 
Is this what dying feels like? Is this what dad felt? Mom? Oh mom.
The cold seeps into his skin, the rancid liquid pooling around his neck and into his suit.His eyes begin to droop, too heavy from all the strain, and black creeps into his vision. Hot tears fall from his eyes and this time he lets them, too tired to care. There is after all, so much Tony Stark can take.
He isn't a machine no matter the implication his hero wardrobe brings. 

There is a man in that suit. 
His heavy eyes close shut and his breathing starts to slow. He hears a familiar tune being hummed by a female voice.
Goodnight my angel time to close your eyes

And save these questions for another day

I think I know what you've been asking me

I think you know what I've been trying to say

I promised I would never leave you

And you should always know

Wherever you may go no matter where you are

I never will be far away
Tony feels the pain ebb slowly as he hums away and slips into unconsciousness.
Mom, did I ever tell you that you have a wonderful singing voice?

  He drifts in and out of consciousness, the pain doesn't register and he thinks that shock may be setting in. Tony does feel, however, the wetness between his legs at the top of his thighs. He starts to cry again and turns his head to the left, trying to look at the night sky. The crusted vomit falls deeper into his suit, he shakes with disgust.
Wait, night sky? How long...

Well it would explain his body's reason for pissing himself.
It's definitely colder at night, much colder. Tony can hardly feel his nose.He tries to lift a hand to fling some of the muck away but he can't. This time not from simple exhaustion, but the dead weight of his suit. No arc, no power, no movement. No fucking luck.Tony lets out a broken cry, half sob and laughter.He falls back into a fitful rest and dreams of a calloused human hand on soft pale skin, of blood in blonde hair
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has Issues
Emotional Hurt
Protective Rhodey
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Hurt Tony Stark
Not A Fix-It
Protective Vision
Characters mentioned in passing
Protective F.R.I.D.A.Y.
Major Original Character(s)
Tony Stark Feels
Bitter!Tony
This fic is not a happy home for Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers: Captain Asshole
Team Tony Stark
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
Healing?
But definitely NOT a fix-it
Not Steve Friendly
Not necessarily Team Cap friendly either
Tony Stark deserves more
Vomiting
Explicit Language
like a shit ton
Tony can't catch a break
PTSD dog
Natasha Is Not a Good Bro
3 years after Civil War
Not Canon compliant after the events of Civil War

fandom: 
None
