Work Text:
The doctor sent him an encouraging smile before slipping out of the room, but it didn’t make Tony feel any better. Pregnant. At nearly fifty years old, Tony Stark was pregnant. It was hard to believe that through all his years of partying and fucking his way through life his luck had held only to run out now. His face dropped into his palms, the devastation threatening to overwhelm him. Well, there certainly wouldn’t be any chance of him and Pepper getting back together now. As usual, he’d fucked it all up…and for some guy he couldn’t even remember the face of.He’d been a little emotional following the conversation with Pepper about them taking a break. He hadn’t blamed her in the slightest, of course not. He only ever had himself to blame. He’d gone out, after finishing up talks with the Romanian government about the Accords. He’d found some dive bar no one in their right mind would expect to find Tony Stark in and proceeded to get utterly trashed. There’d been some alpha in there, sitting in a back booth by himself, quiet, surly. He’d tasted like plums when they kissed and fucked like he was trying to pour his soul into Tony through his dick.From what the omega could remember, which was vague at best, the sex had been fantastic. The marks on his skin and the soreness of his limbs the next morning had certainly supported that thought. There was a bite mark on his shoulder that had since scarred, yet another permanent reminder of that night. Now Tony was going to have a kid courtesy of some alpha he didn’t even know. There was literally no way to track him down and even tell him about the kid, not even with Tony’s skills. Welp, all those papers had predicted back in college that Tony would get himself knocked up by sleeping around. Better late than never.Tony took a deep breath, just like he did for a panic attack, then another. Yes, this was not something he was prepared to deal with but that didn’t mean he couldn’t deal with it. He was Tony Stark and, yeah, he might turn out to be a totally shit parent but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t try his damnedest. He’d taken a lot of lives from the world, he thought as he sat in that exam room. It was about time he brought one into it..“His name was Charlie Spencer. You murdered him, in Sokovia. Not that that matters in the least to you. You think you fight for us? You only fight for yourself. Who’s going to avenge my son, Stark?” Tony felt sick to his stomach, but he doubted it was the same nausea that came with his morning sickness. “He’s dead. And I blame you.”He could only watch as the woman walked away. One hand rose to cover his stomach. He was twelve weeks along and his midsection was softening, even if there wasn’t a bulge there that anyone else could notice..Tony chose his suit for the signing of the Accords specifically because it covered up the weight he was putting on. He couldn’t let his pregnancy get out until all of this was settled and done with. He wasn’t going to weaken the cause by attaching yet another Stark Scandal to it. Already, he hated the fact that Tony’s mistakes would haunt his child throughout his or her life. He wished he could have done better for his child. He would do better from now on. He had sworn it to himself.The billionaire smiled and shook hands and said all the things that needed to be said when they needed to be said. He glimpsed Natasha floating around the room and knew she would be doing her part as well. Rhodey stuck close to his side, though. In between government delegates, he pulled Tony off to the side.“So when are you planning to tell me what’s going on?”“Is this really the time, sourpatch? We’re kind of in the middle of making history here.”Rhodey just rolled his eyes.“When aren’t you in the middle of making history, Tones? Seriously, though, I’m worried about you. What’s going on?”Tony let his gaze dart around the room.“After, Rhodey. Let’s get the Accords signed and then I’ll tell you everything. I’ve just been dealing with a lot lately.”His best friend frowned, but nodded anyway before pulling Tony into a rough hug.“I’ve got you, Tones. Always. You know that, right?”Tony pushed down the desire to cry.“Yeah. I know.”Later, when the bomb went off, all Tony could think was, My baby! God, no, not my baby!.There were three of them. It’d been too early to tell before but in checking for damage from the explosion, the doctor had heard an extra heartbeat. The ultrasound revealed three fetuses in Tony’s belly. He could hardly believe it. His grin was so broad his cheek hurt even as the tears spilled down his face. He was going to need so much help. First order of business, go off active field duty. He wasn’t taking any risks. Second, call Rhodey. They’d never gotten around to having that talk..Tony hid behind the pillar, his repulsor gauntlet activated and ready to go. Panic thrummed through every vein in his body. He couldn’t let Barnes get away, not after he’d killed so many people. The alpha was tearing throu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Vision & Tony Stark

freeform: 
One Night Stands
Unplanned Pregnancy
Mpreg
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Mid-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Triplets
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Returns
Slow Build
kind of
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Beta Steve Rogers
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Vision & Tony Stark

