Work Text:






Some people called it the Tree of Heaven. No matter where its seed fell, it made a tree which struggled to reach the sky. It grew in boarded-up lots and out of neglected rubbish heaps, and it was the only tree that grew out of cement. That was the kind of tree it was.
--A Tree Grows in Brooklyn


Bucky's foot drags. Unconsciousness edges at the corners of his vision. But when Steve hitches Bucky's weight against his hip, Bucky claims himself back again."We're almost there, Buck." Steve pulls tighter on Bucky's arm where it's splayed over his shoulders. "Stay with me."Bucky lifts his head and does as Steve asks. He thinks of the fight and smiles. Throwing the shield like a pendulum, back and forth. Back and forth. A team. Intuition."I liked that," Bucky says as he tries to remember how to walk.Steve shifts, as though to look at him out of the corner of his eye. "Liked what?" he asks. His voice is not like his own."Protecting," he says, and coughs out a laugh as his vision goes black again. "I think there might be some good left in me after all."


Bucky comes to lying on the floor of the jet. His arm is splayed over Steve, who is lying beside him. It's as though Steve had just enough in him to get them to safety before he'd been forced to drop them both to the ground.Steve is conscious. His breath comes to him hard and fast.Bucky blinks up at him and registers his face for the first time."Jesus," Bucky mutters. He reaches his arm out to touch him, but the arm isn't there. Bucky stares at the space left by it, then blinks himself back to Steve again. "Steve. You in there?""I'm here.""What happened?""Hit a limit.""That happens?""Apparently."Bucky tries to sit up. Vertigo and a missing arm give him a few false starts. "We gotta get outta here.""Yeah," says Steve. He does not move."I still can't fly this thing.""I know. Give me a minute.""Do we have a minute?""Already been twenty. We can take another one." Steve's eyes focus on him -- slowly; reluctantly. "You okay?"Bucky tries to take stock. His shoulder throbs where an arm should be, already duller than it was when Stark took it off. He wonders what it was like when he lost his flesh arm, all those years ago -- did he scream? One of those memories he can't find buried in him. "Arm hurts," he grunts eventually."Guess so. You gotta have some nerve connections in there.""Something. Cybernetic pathways maybe? I never asked. Where's Stark?""Dunno.""Are we… concerned?""Nope."Bucky stares at him. "You sure?""He'll get out.""Of Siberia? With a busted… whatever?""Someone must know where he is."This isn't like him. Concern lights in his gut. "Steve."But Steve only tries to sit up, and fails immediately. "It's done, Buck," he says painfully, lying himself back on the ground. "All that's left is to leave." They don't leave. He can't. His chest rises and falls, too hard and too obvious.Bucky takes a breath, then slowly, wincingly rolls himself to his knees. He leans over Steve -- uses his good arm, itself beat to shit, to support himself over him, to get a good look at his other side. There's no laceration or significant blood, but if Bucky had to guess, he's probably a human bruise under his suit. Bucky swears under his breath and reaches to press a hand against it, but there is no arm to press. Steve registers the motion of the vibranium at his shoulder. Compassion flickers through the pain on his face as Bucky hisses at it. "Leave it," says Steve."No," says Bucky."I'll be -- fine.""You can't catch your breath."Steve tries to sit up again, even with Bucky leaned over him, as though he knew it would fail. "Think I broke something," he says, lying back down."You don't say. Looks bad, Steve.""Can't do anything about it here.""Okay. Tell me how to fly the jet."Steve's gaze is accusing. "Just give me another minute.""Until what, your ribs bind themselves back together?""Well, yeah.""Don't be stupid. Tell me how to fly the jet.""No."Bucky glowers. His own ribs don't feel so hot, either, the harder he breathes. "Well, we know Stark can fly it."Steve's eyes find him, but there's something less harsh in them. "Don't even joke about that," he mutters.Bucky's head pounds anew from where he took Stark's boot to it. He might crash them both if he tries to fly in this state. The only option left is to get Steve up and moving. Bucky shambles to his feet. "There's gotta be painkillers around here somewhere." "Oh my god," Steve groans. "I didn't even think of that.""Avengers still get headaches, right?""For all the good aspirin will do me.""I think morphine's against FAA regulations." Bucky pries open a first aid kit fixed to the wall and starts rummaging through. "Jesus. What a mess.""Gets a lot of use.""You'd think it would be restocked.""I think Pepper used to take care of that.""Who's Pepper?""Nevermind. Any luck?""Here." He pulls out a bottle of oxycontin prescribed to Banner. "You're allergic to sulfanilamide and what else?""Not even that anymore.""Right." It's weir
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Touch-Starved
Angst
Coping
Canon Disabled Character
Mental Health Issues
Explicit Sexual Content
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

