Chapter 1: Age 10
    




Chapter Text
Age 10He could think. Tony was reasonably smarter and maturer than kids around his age. He could think, he had to think. "My dad's not gonna pay ransom," he blurted out, involuntarily flinching when the man next to him raised his hand aimed at his face. Okay, so talking wasn't the best method. Bad method, of course, they didn't want to hear anything from the boy they were kidnapping. No talking, Tony kept thinking, for the love of God, don't say anything- "Where are you taking me?" 

This time, the man made contact with his cheek, and Tony flinched. It wasn't bad though, he was used to being slapped.
That hurt like hell. 

"Compliance is rewarded," the man snarled with a heavy Russian accent, or, at least Tony thought it was a Russian accent, "You will not speak unless we tell you to do so. Is that understood?" Tony nodded quickly and pressed to the side of the car, further away from the man sitting next to him. Okay, okay, he wasn't supposed to talk. He could do that, right? 

They drove for a while, Tony's head swimming with thoughts. His cheek still throbbed, and he could already tell that there would be a dark bruise covering his skin. God, he couldn't cry right now, he wasn't supposed to cry because of something like this. 

"Get out," the man barked suddenly, shoving Tony towards the opening door. Tony scrambled up and nearly fell out, yelping when he felt a painful grip on his arm. "Ow," he whispered, glancing up quickly and getting a glimpse of a brown-haired man with a mask and goggles on. "Soldier, take the child to the cell," the man yelled, motioning his hand in an obscene gesture Tony didn't understand. The brown-haired man nodded and pulled Tony away, who struggled.

"Ow, ow, ow, that's a bit too tight," he squeaked, feeling his arm go numb, "Loosen it a little bit, please?" The brown-haired man briefly looked at Tony, and behind those goggles, Tony swore he saw surprise. "Please?" He tried again, shaking his arm a little, "It hurts." And the grip loosened just a bit, and Tony finally saw the arm. "Is that a metal arm? That's so cool! What's it made of? What's the power source? Does it hurt? Is it connected to your nerves? Of course it is, this is HYDRA." Tony was being hauled along, but he was blabbering and making the man even more surprised. He liked it. 

-

The asset was confused. 

He was usually confused about most things, usually ignored it, but this child was much more confusing than any other thing he had seen. The child was not scared, it was the first thing he noticed. He wasn't scared, just uneasy about the situation he was in, but he didn't find the asset to be a threat. He asked him to do things when most people commanded him to, and asked questions. 

The child was new to him, it was something he'd never experienced in his life.
Or at least what he remembered of it. 

He pushed it all down, though, he knew that they would put him back in the chair. It was a secret he could keep to himself, he decided, about the questions of the child and such. 

"How long am I gonna be here?" He heard the child ask, snapping the asset out of his thoughts. 

The asset stared blankly at the wide-eyed child. His honey eyes were bright with knowledge and hope, and for a moment, the asset faltered.
He did not want to crush the hope in the child. 

So the asset shifted his shoulders slightly, almost a shrug, and the child huffed. "Can you talk, sir?" The child asked, poking the asset's chest, "Are you deaf? Was it HYDRA? Are you not allowed to talk at all?" The asset shrugged again. Then shook his head. The child let out another exhale of exasperation. It was almost amusing. "So you can talk, right?" The asset hesitated before moving his head up and down. "Tell me what's happening," the child said, grabbing the asset's metal arm with small, frail hands, "I'm scared. Come on." 

That sounded like an order even if it wasn't intended to be one.

Besides, the men had told him that this child was to be his future handler.

"I do not know," the asset mumbled, "I simply listen and comply. I do not have knowledge of what I do." And the child tilted his head, eyes on him like he was the most fascinating thing in the world. "Really? Do you have a name, sir?" The asset shook his head. "Everyone has something they go by, what do they call you here?" "Soldier." "Really? That sucks ass." The asset was almost taken back at the lack of hesitation of such strong language from the child. The child giggled and leaned back, shifting on the metal bed they were currently situated on.

"Soldier," he heard the familiar voice of his past handler at the door, and the asset turned his head. "Ready to comply," he said dully, eyes following the man's movements. "Take the child to the lab. He will fix your arm. Is that understood?" The man demanded, and the asset felt the child tense up next to him. "Yes sir," the asset said curtly, gripping the child by the arm, a bit gentler this time. He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hydra Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Brainwashing and torture
Fluff and Humor
angst and hurt
Hurt/Comfort
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Brainwashing gone wrong
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Eventual Happy Ending
Heavy Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Repressed Memories
Brainwashed Tony Stark
Kid Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

