Chapter 1: Waterfall
    




Chapter Text
Nobody did stubborn quite like Tony Stark and for once, that was a good thing. The mission had been a disaster from the start, resulting in everyone getting separated in a scattered attempt at escaping. They were outnumbered and overwhelmed and when the metaphorical dust settled twenty-seven hours later, it was a miracle and good engineering that their coms were willing to come back online. Agent Coulson typed in the override code for everyone to report in.Steve and Natasha had made it back to base. Natasha had a broken pinky but was otherwise unharmed. Thor had managed to flee the country and was making his way to Brazil to be picked up. Bruce had stayed in the jet the entire time, so he was flying to get Thor. Clint and Tony were their missing comrades and Coulson was already hiking in their general direction when he forced the coms back to life.“Hawkeye, Iron Man, report,” ordered Coulson instantly.“Fine here,” said Clint. “I’m close to you, I can hear you but I can’t see you yet.”“Iron Man?” repeated Coulson, continuing to walk, knowing that Clint would join him when he located the agent.“Had to ditch the suit,” said Tony, his voice a bit strangled. “My poor baby. JARVIS blew it to bits so no one can use the technology.”Clint jumped out of a tree and landed on the ground next to Coulson. The agent scanned his boyfriend’s body, searching for any sign on injury but other than a few bruises and scrapes, he was fine. Together they continued walking, hoping to find Tony soon so they could get home and showered.“Wait, if you ditched the suit, then what are you wearing?” asked Clint. “Please tell me you were sprinting through the rainforest in your skin tight flightsuit. That would be awesome.”“No, Hawkass, I’m in my sweat pants and t-shirt – which is probably ruined now – so that sucks,” said Tony.“But are you injured?” asked Coulson.“I mean, what is injured?” said Tony, his expressive voice giving away his trouble. “Tony,” said Clint warningly.“I’m hanging onto the side of a cliff, so no serious injuries,” said Tony quickly. “You’re what?” yelled Clint. “Lead with that next time!”“I need a location,” said Coulson, both Clint and him picking up the pace in light of Tony’s situation.“Me too,” said Tony. “By a waterfall. I’m about twelve feet down, the walls are too slick to climb.”“How long have you been there?” asked Coulson while he paused for Clint to scurry up a tree to find the river that joined the waterfall.“Few hours I guess,” said Tony. “It’s sorta hard to tell time. But longer than I originally planned – you know, if I had planned to be here. Which I didn’t, I had originally planned to be home by now and in bed, preferably with a handsome spy and agent keeping me warm.”“About a mile south,” said Clint, starting to jump back down the tree. “I see the waterfall.”“Tony, we’re on our way,” said Coulson.“Oh good,” drawled Tony. “Take your time. No hurry here. I’m just, you know, hanging out. Great view and all.”Clint and Coulson rushed through the forest, jumping over vines and logs. It was a shame they were in a rush because the rainforest was beautiful. Eleven minutes later, they found the edge of the waterfall. Coulson and Clint approached the edge and looked down. There, almost thirteen feet down, clinging to the side of the cliff by fingertips and feet balanced on the tip of a jagged rock. “Tony,” called Clint.“Not so loud,” groaned Tony. “You’re still on the coms.”Clint looked bashful while Coulson looked around for a way down. There wasn’t one but there was one of Clint’s repelling arrows in his quiver.“Clint, can you repel down and get Tony?” asked Coulson.“Sure,” said Clint.“That’s why Agent is my favorite,” said Tony. “So smart and thinking of the obvious solution right away. Clint would have said something like, ‘let me grab a vine’ and then he would have tried to Tarzan his way down and just no.”By that time Clint had secured his anchor and was leaning over the side of the cliff, stepping down quickly until he was even with his other boyfriend. Even with Tony, Clint could see the Tony was physically exhausted, his hands torn and bleeding. “Hey you,” said Clint softly, leaning forward and kissing Tony gently on the lips.“I love you,” whispered Tony. “But I really can’t hold on much longer.”“Got it,” said Clint. “Can you hold on to me and we’ll climb back up together?”Tony shook his head and reached out one hand. Clint scooted closer and pulled Tony’s arms around his neck. Tony’s entire body vibrated with fatigue but he clung to Clint as best he could and used the last of his depleted reserves to help stumble his way back up the slick cliff face. At the top, Coulson was there to help drag his boyfriends over the edge to safety. Tony lay on the ground, panting, staring up at the sky while Coulson helped Clint detach the wire from his belt.“Tony, sweetheart, are you okay?” said Coulson.“Yeah, just give me a minute,” said Tony.Coulson slipped off his dress 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Missions
Rescue Missions
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
BAMF Phil Coulson
BAMF Clint Barton
BAMF Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Insecure Tony Stark
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
waterfalls
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Cuddles
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

