Work Text:
“No, no, no!” Erik exclaims, slamming his glass forcefully back down onto the bar. “Telepathy is impressive in theory, but realistically, no one’s powerful enough, or has enough control, to make you forget yourself or to get you to do anything you don’t want to do.” “You sound very sure about that,” his companion says, taking a sip of his scotch. He tilts his head and raises an eyebrow. “I wonder if you’ve ever really met a telepath before.” “Of course I have,” Erik scoffs. “Everyone has; they’re a dime a dozen, these days.” He shakes his head. “They’re the real reason humans are so terrified of mutants, and really, the humans should be far more terrified of people with more...unique powers.” “Like yours, I presume.” “I don’t like to brag,” Erik says, preening, “but yes, they should be terrified of my powers. I can bring down entire cities, cripple armies, and, to a certain degree, control electricity.” He drops his voice, makes it low, seductive. “I am a force to be reckoned with.” The other man leans in. “And I, as a telepath, am not?” he asks, his voice just as low.“Sorry, Charles,” Erik says, finally remembering his name. “But I think you’ll find that between the two of us, I’m the one with all the power.” “Indeed.” And then the world goes white.***Erik blinks. He’s in a completely unfamiliar room—a bedroom, his mind supplies, when he sees the neatly made four-poster in the center of the room—with no idea of how he got here. More concerningly, he seems unable to move anything besides his eyes; he can’t even open his mouth to demand of the universe what the fuck is going on. The last thing he remembers is being in a bar, drinking and talking with a gorgeous man he’d just met—Charles, he remembers—whom he’d been hoping to take back to the bathroom for a quick fuck, or even to his bed at home for a longer night, if things had gone well. And they had been going well; Erik had even managed to pull out his line about being a force to be reckoned with. He hears the sound of a door opening and closing behind him. He tries to whirl around to see who else is here, who’s done this to him and how, but he’s still held fast. There’s a low chuckle, and soft footsteps against the carpet, and then—Charles steps into view, a kitchen knife hovering just above his shoulder.“Hello, Erik,” he says, a tiny smirk on his face.Oh G-d, Erik panics. Charles is a crazed axe-murderer, or no, a serial killer, I tried to pick up a serial killer, and now he’s going to make me his next victim, how did I not see it—“Please,” Charles scoffs. “If I were a crazed axe-murderer or a serial killer, you’d be dead by now.” Well, that’s comforting. “No,” Charles continues, his voice low and dangerous, “you thought I was weak, that I had no power. You didn’t think I stood a chance against you, didn’t think I could bring you to your knees—”Suddenly, Erik’s legs wobble as he’s struck by the urge to fold to his knees and prostrate himself at Charles’s feet. He screws his eyes shut and resists with all his might, fighting Charles’s telepathic hold—because that’s what it must be, that’s why he can’t do anything, say anything—and somehow, manages to keep himself upright.“Very good,” Charles murmurs, looking disturbingly pleased. “But I was hardly even trying.” He steps forward and grabs Erik’s chin, yanking his head down so Erik is looking directly into his blue, blue eyes.“I’m stronger than you,” Charles says, holding Erik’s chin in an iron grip. “I can make you do anything”—he enunciates every syllable—“I want. And you’d be powerless to stop me.” Then he smiles. It’s not a kind smile. “And what I want is for you to scream, to beg. By the time I finish with you tonight, you won’t have a voice left with which to doubt me—let alone insult my powers, or my control.” Then he pats Erik perfunctorily on the cheek—it's almost a slap, but not quite—and steps back, knife still hovering in the air exactly where he left it, perfectly steady. Charles’s control of the knife is so good, in fact, that Erik absently wonders if he isn’t actually telekinetic; he can’t be controlling Erik’s powers, which Erik can barely hold onto himself, so skillfully with what is at most hours of practice. Charles smirks, and then Erik feels him in his mind, senses Charles wrap his control tighter around the part of Erik’s brain that directs his power and tweak it, just a little, so everything metal in the room shudders. “No telekinesis, darling,” Charles says. “I’m just using you.” He closes his eyes. “I must say, your powers are quite exquisite. To feel all that metal...and oh, it’s magnetic fields, too, isn’t it.” His eyes fly open and he regards Erik evaluatively. “I wonder, have you ever tried levitating yourself, Erik? I really think you could—” And then Erik feels his feet leave the ground, feels the way Charles is altering the magnetic fields surrounding Erik to levitate him, pushing and pulling to stabilize him, and he panics. This isn’t something he’d ever tried bef
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Mind Control
Knifeplay
minor Bloodplay
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Fingerfucking
Bondage
Rimming
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
top!Charles
Bottom!Erik
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Facials
Begging
Crying
Marathon Sex
Forced Orgasm
Erik You Slut
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

