Work Text:
Steve Rogers sat on still-warm throne. Regent King Obadiah’s lifeless body lay on the ground by his feet, throat slit and gushing with blood. Finally, months after they first laid siege Stane’s abuse of power, the old monarchy has fallen and with it came a new kingdom’s dawn—one led by the people and by the people.“Commander Rogers!” One of his knights rushed into the bloody throne room.“Good. You found him.” Steve’s lips twitched into a smirk. He leaned heavily on one knee and gestured two fingers for the knight to come closer. “Whose chamber did you find him in?”The young knight swallowed. “My Lord, the prince wasn’t—Stark wasn’t in the castle.”“Oh, really?” It peaked Steve’s interest. “Then tell me where you found him.”“In the battle field, sir, in a suit of armor.”Curiosity gave way to intrigue. “He was fleeing.”However, the knight shook his head. “No, sir, he was fighting.”“And where is he now?”“Captain Carter awaits your orders, sir. He is ready to be delivered to your new rooms once you’re chosen one.”Steve thought about this for a good few minutes before deciding. Of the many lavish apartments in the castle, he only really wanted to see one.  “Take him to his old chambers. I suppose it’ll make him feel at home. And, tell Captain Carter to ensure that he’s properly prepared.”“Yes, sir!”Too long, the heir to the last reigning family allowed for the towns and outer villages to suffer. He licked his lips and watched the knight scamper out of the chambers to do as told.***Victory was bittersweet. Night fell over the conquered kingdom. With the castle secured, Steve allowed the survivors g their dead with dignity. They raised a large fire in view of the bordering villages for the corpses to burn. Too many died in the onslaught of battle. The Howling Commandos tallied their dead, and the figures weren’t easy to stomach.***Commotion near his new bed chambers welcomed Steve. His knights had their round shields up and their weapons drawn. From inside came a racket of voices, shouting and cursing, followed by the clang of silver and metal.  “What is the meaning of this?” He demanded with a voice that made grown men jump from their boots. “What in heavens name is happening in there?!” He tore through the group with blind determination, intent of gaining passage one way or another.“My Lord,” they instantly bowed then they saw him.“It’s the captive.” One said.“He is being… disobedient.” Said another.Steve dismissed them with a wave of his hand. “Stand guard. I will handle the matter myself.”“But, my lord…” the man nearest the door opposed. “The prince is no delicate flower.”“Neither am I.” He growled, pushing the man aside. “No one is to enter without my explicit instructions. Am I understood?” All his men nodded.Inside, the dim room was lit only by the weak fire. Logs lay heavily on one side of the small alcove. The rest of the room hid greatly in shadows. Movement from the bed caught his eye, and jangling of thick chains reached his ears.“I fold to no man.” A voice crept from the darkness. Steve let the silence prolong. He casually strode further into the space, collapsing of a large wooden chair draped in thick pelts. There was a growl and more clanking. “Stay out of my room!”He heard the swish of something thin cutting through the air. Too far. Too weak. Too easy. He never flinched as it embedded into the wall just behind his head. Or perhaps, he miscalculated. Something stung. Raising his hand, he touched the top of his ear and it came away red. The irony was too great; a clean injury-free battle and yet he bleeds in his own chambers—he laughs.“Lucky shot.” He grinned, bringing the bloodied fingers to his lips. He licked them clean while staring into the abyss. He could feel the fallen prince’s eyes glaring at him, refusing to look away. Once done, he gripped the hilt of dagger and licked the blade clean.“Tony,” he said, breaking the pregnant tension. “You can throw everything away. Sooner or later, you will run out of things to throw, and then it shall be my turn.”Tony took it as a challenge and soon objects of random shapes and sizes came hurling from the bed. Steve blocked them all with the dagger in hand without bothering to stand. It was over in an instant. A frustrated yell came from the shadows. Chains rattled against the bed posts, frantic and wild like an animal seeking to escape.Steve’s lips curled into a smile. “Finally,” he bared his teeth, “it’s my turn.” He stomped to the bed with powerful strides and climbed onto the plush mattress without hesitation. He shoved the heavy chains away, uncaring for the yelp of“No.” His captive fought. “Don’t touch me.”“Should you have behaved; I would have been more benevolent but you insult my kindness by acting like a spoiled brat.”“I am no brat. I am a prince!” It came with such ferocity that Steve could bare the dark no more. He tore away the curtains which blocked then from the fire. Light flooded onto the pelts and he could see.Tony Stark, heir t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Alternative Universe - Kingdom
Conqueror!Steve
prince!Tony
top!steve
bottom!tony
Age Difference
Underage!Tony
Extremely Dubious Consent
Public Claiming
Public Sex
Exhibitionism
Sounding
Butt Plugs
Nipple Clamps
NoShame!Steve
Public Nudity
Public Humiliation
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Cap-Ironman Bingo 2016 Round 1
cap-ironman bingo fill
Stony Bingo
pillories
spreader bar
Rape/Non-con Elements
Young!Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

