Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Mister Stark, Director Fury is here to speak to you.” His secretary announced. Tony looked up, took off his safety goggles and nodded.
“Okay. Send him in.” He took a rag and tried to clean his hands.
“Mister Stark.” Fury greeted and shook his hand despite the grease stains on it.
“Director Fury. What can I do for you today?” He asked and sat with one ass cheek on his workbench, the rag still in his hands.
“We need your help. It's... delicate.”
“Okay.” Tony was curious now. He threw the rag away and crossed his hands on his leg on the bench.
“One of our Agents fucked up an important assignment and now we can't send another SHIELD Agent.” Fury admitted and that really aroused Tony's suspicions, because Fury wouldn't admit a mistake if it weren't important.
“Still listening.” Tony said. Fury pinched the bridge of his nose and exhaled.
“Like I've said, it's delicate. You ever heard of Carson's Carnival of Traveling Wonders?”
“No.” Tony shook his head and grabbed the mug he had on the workbench beside him and looked into it, but it was empty. He put it back and waited for Fury to continue.
“We heard about one of the artists, an archer. They call him 'The amazing Hawkeye'. It's said, that he never misses a target. Rumors say that he's not only a carnie but an assassin, too. We want to recruit him but there are two problems.”
“What kind of problems?” Tony asked.
“First, the amazing Hawkeye has a brother and to get him we have to negotiate with this brother and it seems, he's not... reliable. And the second problem is the Agent who fucked it up. He won't deal with SHIELD again. So we need an outsider. You.” Fury looked at Tony with an unreadable expression.
“You want me to recruit this archer for you?” He asked disbelievingly.
“That's what we want, yes.” Tony rubbed his eyes, glared once again at his mug before he stood and went to the coffee maker. He prepared a cup of coffee and came back to the workbench where Fury still waited, slowly sipping the hot beverage.
“There's a snag, isn't it?” He asked finally.
“Unfortunately. It seems you have to... buy him.” Tony glared wide-eyed.
“You want me to what? To buy him? Fury, you know what I think about slavery!” He spat.
“I know, but obviously it's the only way to get him.” 
“He's a free man, isn't he?” Tony asked and Fury nodded.
Tony swallowed hard. He shook his head. “You want me to turn him? That's crazy, you know?” 
“Can you do it?” Fury asked and Tony took another sip of his coffee before he answered.
“Yes, I can do it. But why me?”
“Because you have a... reputation.” And now Tony arched one brow.
“Okay, give me the data. I'll deliberate about whether or not I'll do it. I'll call you tomorrow.” Fury nodded and put a folder onto the workbench. Stark would call and he had an agency to run so he left.
Tony took the folder and opened it. In it he found two pictures. The first of a man in a purple glittering costume with a mask over his face. The amazing Hawkeye in his circus ring outfit. The next picture showed a young man, early twenties, with dark blond hair and well muscled arms shooting with a bow onto a target. Still in the circus ring, but without this ridiculous purple outfit. He was pretty, Tony had to admit. 
He put the pictures aside and started to read his dossier. And he was impressed. Good looking and talented. Yes, he would buy this man, but he would keep him. Maybe Fury could borrow him but never own him.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slavery
Alternate Universe
Torture
Rape
cruel!Tony
Prompt Fic
slave!Clint
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers

