Work Text:
i.Steve's a late bloomer, and that goes for being interested in girls as much as everything else. By the time they're twelve, Bucky is bragging about kissing girls behind the Five and Dime, and by the time they're fourteen, he's already had his hand up under Maria Gianotte's sweater, and Steve's just figured out what to do with his own hand down his own pants. Bucky's not shy about sharing tips, though, since they already share everything else, and he enjoys making Steve blush with his stories about what he did with Maria or Theresa or Kathleen. "A gentleman shouldn't kiss and tell," Steve says primly, parroting a line from the movies."I ain't no gentleman," Bucky always replies, but he stops, at least until the next time he wants to tease Steve and make him blush.Steve doesn't tell him that sometimes when he jerks off, he imagines Bucky doing those things with him. Steve's always been terrible at keeping secrets, though, and in the end, this one's no different.They're sixteen and renting a room from Mrs. Iavarone on Ditmas Avenue; it always smells like garlic and cat piss, and wet wool and rusty steam heat in the winter, but she lets them do chores around the building to make up for the rent they can't always pay. There's a fire in the neighborhood and Steve's asthma flares up; Bucky shuts the window to keep out the smoke, but the room is stifling and Steve feels like he can't get enough air. Bucky grabs the Vicks and motions for Steve to take his shirt off. This is an all too familiar ritual, and one Steve wishes he could enjoy, because Bucky's hands are callused but warm, and he's always gentle when he rubs the liniment into Steve's chest.It smells terrible but it helps, or maybe it's just Bucky's hands, but soon Steve's able to breathe without gasping."You okay?" Bucky says, forehead creased with worry."Yeah," Steve says. He sounds weak and hoarse, but he has enough air to speak, and that's what counts.  "I'm just gonna--" He rubs his cheek against the pillow and yawns. "Not a bad idea," Bucky says, pulling off his belt and kicking off his shoes before he climbs into bed beside Steve. The bed's too narrow for both of them now that Bucky's shot up and filled out a little, but they're too lazy to pull out the trundle bed; Bucky presses himself right up against Steve's back and Steve sighs and relaxes into him.The room is dim when Steve wakes; they've slept most of the day away. Bucky is still wrapped around him, his breath hot and stale on Steve's cheek and his hand low on Steve's belly. Steve tries to will his erection away, but having someone (Bucky) touching him is like setting a match to dry paper. He's achingly hard, and he thinks if he's quiet and careful, he can take care of it without waking Bucky up.He licks his palm and eases his hand down into his shorts, holding his breath while Bucky snores behind him. He bites back a sigh when he wraps his hand around himself and strokes, slowly, trying not to elbow Bucky while he does it. Heat crawls up his spine and his breathing starts to get a little ragged, but now it feels good. With Bucky's breath on his cheek and hand on his belly, he can pretend that they're actually doing this together, that Bucky wants it too. He's so lost inside the fantasy, eyes closed and hand speeding up, that he forgets about being careful, about being quiet."You need a hand with that?" Bucky's low, hoarse voice startles him, and he yanks his hand out of his shorts with a yelp."I--I--""Take it easy," Bucky says, still in that same low voice that vibrates through Steve like the sound of his fantasies. Bucky curls his hand around Steve and strokes, hard and sure. "Lemme help." Steve makes a strangled noise that might be yes or might be please or might be Bucky's name. He doesn't know because his whole body is lit up from the way Bucky's touching him, so much better somehow than his own hand. His hips stutter and jerk as he shoves up into Bucky's tight fist, and he can feel Bucky moving with him in a way that makes his whole body feel like it's on fire. He covers his mouth with his wrist and bites down when he comes so he doesn't shout, and he thinks he feels Bucky's lips against his neck, but he can't hear what he's saying because of how loud his own heartbeat is in his ears.Bucky wipes his hand on Steve's shorts and says, "You okay?""Yeah, I--Yeah." Steve looks down and then forces himself to turn and look at Bucky. "You want me to?" he asks, because he believes in reciprocation, not because he really wants to get his hands on Bucky."Nah," Bucky says with a sheepish smile. "I'm good." Steve glances down at the wet spot spreading across the front of Bucky's trousers and smiles back, too lazy to tease. "Thanks."Bucky presses their foreheads together. "Anytime."It isn't anytime, because Steve's afraid Bucky was joking, that if he knew how much Steve wanted it, wanted him, it would ruin everything. And it's not just that without Bucky, he wouldn't have enough money to re
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Best Friends
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

