Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The marketplace was eerily quiet before seven in the morning, with only a few vendors starting to open stalls and set up their wares for the day. It was one of the reasons Steve loved to start his run through the almost empty streets. Here, there was no one to recognize him, no one to see the pain in his eyes or question what he was running from. Sweat was streaming down his temples and he ran a quick hand across his forehead to keep the droplets from stinging his eyes. He could feel his heart pumping in his chest and felt the ache that seventeen miles can have on a body, super soldier or not. 

Once he was away from the center of the city, he headed home. He shook his head, he couldn’t call it that, not yet. Not when a sassy redheaded spy, and eccentric billionaire were missing from inside its walls. Letting Tony and Natasha into his mind while mid run was never a good idea. Last time it happened he tripped over an exposed tree root and split open his knee. The flash of pain distracted him until the serum kicked in and he was back on his feet. 

Steve pushed himself harder, running through lush gardens brimming with all types of exotic birds and wildlife, trees blossoming in shades he didn’t even know existed, the sounds of the waterfalls helping to ease some of his tension. The serenity of this place signaled the end of his run, and he slowed down enough to jog to the front gates of the palace. There was a large archway with vibranium gates expertly carved into leaves and vines, enormous stone columns surrounded the structure and there were numerous domes erected throughout. At least one wall in every room was nothing but windows, letting those inside have an unobstructed view of the beauty the country had to offer. 

One of the main reasons he ran so early was because no one else would be up. No one awake to talk,  or ask how he was, or see the exhaustion that sat around him like a wet blanket. Once he was in his room,, he immediately undressed and stepped into his shower, letting the water soothe his muscles, as he thought about the last two weeks. It took them all some time to get used to their new surroundings. After Steve helped his team escape the Raft, there was a natural apprehension to being brought back to T’Challa’s country, due to the fact that they all remembered how relentless he was in his pursuit of Barnes. But T’Challa, every ounce the King his father was, sat down with them and explained how he came to offer his home to the wayward Avengers. And then it was Steve's turn to share what went on after they left the airport. 


They were shocked that Bucky made the decision to go back into cryo, but they understood his reasoning. It was the first thing that he was able to take real control of, and they would support him in that choice. But all too soon, Steve had to explain the actions that went on inside the Winter Soldier compound between him, Buck and Tony. It was difficult, but he was honest with the team, they deserved that (and more) after everything they sacrificed. 



“He came to see us. At the Raft,” Sam said after Steve questioned how Tony was able to find him and Buck. “I asked him to go to you as a friend and alone.” 



Steve’s eyes widened before he looked down at his hands. “He did.” 



“So then how did it all go to shit,” Clint asked. The archer sat on the kitchen counter, back straight and his mouth set in a thin line. He hadn’t been home since he grabbed Wanda from the Avengers facility. Steve was able to get him a secure line to call Laura, but it would still be some time before he could leave. 



Steve understood his anger. He picked his head up. “Zemo…” he took a deep breath and gave a curt nod. “Zemo’s whole plan was to break us from the inside. He said that an empire destroyed from within is dead. He turned us on one another.” 



Clint raised an eyebrow and leaned forward on his thighs. “Stark went there to help you, Cap. That doesn’t end in Barnes missing an arm and you needing time to recover from a repulsor blast.” He raised his chin. “Don’t bullshit us.” 



Clint’s choice of words sent searing pain through Steve’s chest.


Did you know? 

I had my suspicions but I didn’t know it was him. 

Don’t bullshit me, Rogers. Did you know? 

Yes. 


He looked at his team. “When Zemo was able to,” he waved his hand around in front of him, “say the words to get him back into Winter Soldier mode, it was for the sole purpose of extracting information from him. He wanted a mission report for December 16, 1991.” 



“What’s so important about that date?” Scott asked. He was seated on the floor, his back against the couch, a bowl of popcorn on his lap. The engineer was a bit more understanding about their need to lay low. He hasn’t had to leave his daughter time and time again. The resentment hasn’t kicked in. 



“That’s the day Stark’s parents died.” 



Steve’s eyes shot over to Clint and the man shrugged his shoulders. “Natasha.”  



He should h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
The Avengers - Freeform
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War
CACW
Team Iron Man
Team Cap - Freeform
Team Both
all the feels
Spoilers
likes lots of spoilers
Eventual sexy times
Graphic Sex
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Slow Burn
Ross is an idiot
I just want the gang back together

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

