Chapter 1: The Meeting
    




Chapter Text
“The Asset will be out of containment for too long. The words can only do so much. With Dr. Ivchenko gone, keeping him under control while out of the cryo for so long will be…difficult.” HYDRA commander Vance sighed. He had read the red book, he knew of the protocol. But Dr. Ivchenko’s loss due to Agent Carter’s interference had thrown a real wrench in his plans. This extraction would cost time, money and effort. It would be months of reconnaissance, possibly a year long mission. He could not afford to assign a less-talented agent- more importantly, the material was so sensitive that he could not risk another agent running off with it. No, they needed the Asset. His obedience was crucial to the mission. Commander Vance leaned back in his chair and sighed, turning to the new Doctor HYDRA had procured from who-knows-where. The man was slim, with a bald head and almost menacing spectacles, but Vance was certain that whoever he was, he had more degrees than could fill a wall. Vance would trust his word on this. “Well then, herr Doctor, what do you suggest?” The Doctor smiled, a normally chilling sight. If Commander Vance was not the man he was. “The Asset, all he knows is punishment. We must give him a reward. Then threaten to take it away. He will be more obedient for one kind touch than for a thousand harsh cuts.” Commander Vance frowned. “You want us to reward him with a whore? Will a woman be able to withstand him?” The Doctor shook his head. “Dr. Ivchenko’s notes indicate homosexual tendencies.” Commander Vance sighs again. “A man could be a problem. Men have greater urges to fight back. The Asset would kill him.” The Doctor nods his head in agreement. “The Asset needs… a pet. Someone he can take care of, someone to provide him with love. Someone who will not provide a physical threat that the Asset can control. Someone to give him that illusion of control, even if it is through violence.” Commander Vance finally smiles. The Doctor fights to keep from flinching- it is not a pleasant sight. “I know of just the boy for him. Prep the Asset for awakening.” ---------------------- His mother was the first to die. When HYDRA came into his small town in the middle of the mountains, they had dragged her out of the house. Steve had never felt so small as when one HYDRA soldier effortlessly held him back, hand on his throat as his weak lungs struggled for air. He passed out after they put the bullet through Sarah’s head. She had been executed in the middle of the small town square, one of ten people shot down that day. The town had quickly fallen into place after that happened. They provided HYDRA with civilian cover as the new fortress and lab was built in the heart of one of the deepest mountains. They provided food and women. In return, HYDRA provided the small town with a booming economy and protection from… well, whatever was worse than them. The town had fallen into place. Steve Rogers had not. He had become a joke amongst the agents. Little Steve Rogers, 5’3” of can-do-spirit. Little Steve Rogers, whose knuckles were almost always bruised by picking a fight with various HYDRA agents. His beatings were always public, and shameful in nature. They never killed him- they were having too much fun trying to break his spirit. They clearly knew nothing of the man that was Steven Grant Rogers. Every split lip, every broken rib just hardened his resolve. He would die on his one-man mission, of that he had no doubts. But Steve Rogers did not fear death. He would face it when the time came, teeth bared and bloody, fists clenched. ------------------- Steve spits blood, then puts his fists back up, dancing on his feet even as his vision swims and he sees 4 HYDRA goons instead of the 2 that cornered him in the alley. “I can do this all day,” he hisses, aware of how raspy his voice sounds. The HYDRA goons laugh, then one pulls a gun with technology Steve doesn’t recognize. Purple lightning comes out of it and hits Steve with a jolting pain- he’s never experienced any pain like it. And that’s saying something. Steve’s experienced a lot of pain in his 19 years. He hits the ground with a thud, body convulsing as he loses consciousness once more to the sound of HYDRA laughing at him. -------------------- Steve wakes to a world of pain, which is nothing new. What is new are his surroundings. He’s on a clean linen bed, and a nice one at that. He’s colorblind as all hell, but he thinks the room he’s in is actually grey. It’s also freezing cold, and if it weren’t for the fancy bed he’d think he was in a jail cell. There’s a little hallway, where Steve assumes the bathroom is. He can’t even feel any of the springs that plague his back in his own room. He groans and sits up, and instantly regrets it. His head is pounding. As if on cue, the metal door to his room opens with a deafening bang. Steve groans and grabs his good (left) ear. He squints as 5 fully armed HYDRA men march into his cell, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Prisoners AU
Imprisonment
Hydra (Marvel)
HYDRA are jerks and they have Bucky & Steve
Steve & Bucky Never Knew Each Other AU
Dirty Talk
Falling In Love
Dubious Consent
Cause of the Prison Thing
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Possessive Behavior
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Smut
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
cute nicknames
Dry Humping
Grinding
Bathing/Washing
Oral Sex
Hand Feeding
Hand Jobs
Spanking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

