Chapter 1: The Joining
    




Chapter Text
It was late in the afternoon when Venom emerged from the sewer tunnel with his Spider in tow. Peter had long ago passed out and was curled peacefully in his arms, only stirring to change positions. Venom smiled then paused to examine the surrounding area for potential threats before leaping off into the dusk.It took another couple of minutes before Venom arrived outside the window of the apartment he had commandeered days before. It was warm, clean – a perfect place for their official joining. He opened the window and slid in, maneuvering through the apartment to the far room where he carefully placed his sleeping bundle on the nearby bed before securing Peter’s hands to the wall behind it. He still had things to do and it would be best to make sure Peter couldn’t escape before he returned.He took a step back, admiring his work, before he used his claws to cut off the shirt of Peter’s costume and what remained of the pants, tossing the shredded fabric across the room. Sighing, Venom allowed the symbiote to recede from his skin. Eddie Brock was left standing in his favorite pair of jeans and a t-shirt and he stretched. Well the faster I get back, the faster I can take him Eddie thought as he stepped forward to run a finger down his Spider’s face. The stupid mask was in the way, blocking him from feeling Peter’s supple skin. He growled, pulling the offensive fabric all the way off and made to toss it across the room with the other stuff before he stopped and – considering it – tucked it into his back pocket. Never know when I might need it to bribe him…or to jack off to he thought as he allowed his fingers to continue their journey over Parker’s face.Our Spider the symbiote whispered to him and Eddie hummed in agreement as his finger reached the boy’s mouth and after brushing along the moist lips, poked inside. The lips unconsciously closed around him – the boy’s tongue licking and tasting the digit before Peter began to suck softly. Eddie shivered, a low moan sounding from his throat.Seeing his Spider like this was reminding him that he’d never gotten to fully enjoy him. His dick was stirring just thinking about it. After Peter had passed out in the sewers, Venom had finally allowed himself to cater to his own need, jacking himself off viciously. Peter had been just as enticing then, completely unaware of the air of sex that had still clung to him and how much it was turning on his captor. Venom had had to fantasize about all the things he would do to Peter later that night to reach climax but even when he came it had been unsatisfying, especially once he thought about how tightly Peter had clamped around his finger back when he had sucked him off. And now here was his Spider, acting so innocent even while he let Eddie fuck his mouth with his finger. His mouth was so soft. So wet. So sexy Eddie thought, biting his lip as his hips thrust gently, unconsciously. God it was so tempting to just take him. Allowing his symbiote to connect with Peter had made for mind-blowing sex and even then he’d only gotten to taste him. Imagine what it would be like to fuck him. Jesus, Peter didn’t know how seductive he was. His symbiote agreed, sending him pictures of Peter from their time together – images of him naked, flexing, stretching. God he looked good.Eddie stayed like that for a moment, licking his lips while he brushed the pad of his finger along the roof of Peter’s mouth, against his teeth, and finally caressed his tongue. As much as he wanted to stay, he had to go. Removing his finger, Eddie took a second to web Peter’s feet to the bed – just in case – before finally turning and exiting the room. Peter would still be on that bed when he left and he had loose ends to tie up. If anybody suspected that Peter was missing – or had been kidnapped – they would come looking and their joining would be interrupted. Nobody could know where Peter really was. Eddie would make sure of that.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Peter woke up face down on top of an unfamiliar bed, webbed to the wall of a room he’d never seen before. He was still groggy and lazy with sleep so it took him a second to realize that this was alarming news and that he should probably be trying to come up with a plan of action. It took him another long second to determine that he didn’t care enough about the situation to feel any alarm –he just wanted to go back to sleep to be honest – and that he was painfully, painfully hard.“Comfortable?” a voice purred behind him as a hand traveled from the back of his knee up to the curve of his ass. And just like that he was on high alert. He struggled, kicking his legs out in the hope of dislodging Venom and startling him long enough to provide Peter with an opportunity for escape. The hit connected and he was tugging on his hands as hard as possible, having released one and working on the other, when Venom recovered and slamme
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Spider-Man/Venom
Peter Parker/Venom

freeform: 
Light Bondage
pretty much just the wrists
Kidnapping
Forced Bonding
Forced Relationship
Manhandling
Biting
a little painful looking but nothing serious
Rimming
Hand Jobs
Dirty Talk
Anal Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Cuddling & Snuggling
It's kind of cute
but i digress
Escape
Stalking
Spreader Bars
Tentacle Sex
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
i mean kinda
I Don't Even Know
nothing really serious i guess
Falling In Love
Love/Hate
Meh
good enough
Bruises
Fluff and Angst
Idk whatever
Happy Ending
yay!

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Spider-Man/Venom
Peter Parker/Venom

