Chapter 1: Arithmetic [NSFW]
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
On the second floor of the Hayden Memorial Library, tucked away in a corner study carrel, you scribbled your mechanical pencil against ruled scrap paper. Numbers, equations, and hand-sketched scatterplots filled the page; you were checking and rechecking your calculations for the experimental dosages you outlined in your paper, with the milligram-interval measurements charted in the Excel tables on your laptop screen.From the corner of your eye, you saw the form of a man approaching the neighboring carrel, taking a seat and heaving an obnoxiously loud sigh as he did so.It was 12:47am. This was like someone parking next to you in a barren lot, or setting up their blanket by your side on an otherwise empty beach. You were running under the influence of a two-hour nap, six cups of coffee, and a graduate research proposal due date looming around the corner. You weren’t sure if it was the stress or the lack of sleep, but his presence affronted you, personally, and you took a sip from your lukewarm mug as you turned towards him, glancing over the rim with every intent of giving this asshole the best passive-aggressive stinkeye you could manage.You caught sight of him and choked on your coffee.Tony Stark had spoken at your university earlier that day. As MIT was his alma mater, he’d make an appearance at least once a year to deliver a speech about current tech research and future endeavors at Stark Industries. You and half the school had the opportunity to shake his hand after his presentation; in the ten seconds you had with him, he gave you his autograph, made small talk, and ended on a witty quip before moving on to the next person in line. It was a tight, efficient process any celebrity would use on people waiting to meet and greet them. Nothing special.So when he’d asked about your plans and you joked about pulling an all-nighter at Hayden, you didn’t expect him to actually show up.But here he was, Tony motherfucking Stark in the flesh, swiveling around in the roller chair next to you as he balanced a pencil on his upper lip like some bored high school kid.To say you were a little starstruck would be the understatement of the century.“You know, I was like you, once,“ he started, casually, “with the research papers, the gallons of coffee, the late-night library sessions...”“You?” You scoffed a laugh. “Please, I bet you could polish off a research proposal within the hour.”He made a tilting motion with his hand. “Mmm, closer to two or three. Don’t give me too much credit, there’s plenty of other places I deserve it.”“Right.” Still slack-jawed by his presence, you were silently trying to will yourself awake, convinced you were dreaming. “Can I...help you with something, Mr. Stark?”“Just wanted to swing by and chat. Nice outfit, by the way.”Immediately forgetting what you were wearing, you looked down at yourself. A pair of flats, a knee-length skirt, leggings......a black t-shirt with a faux-glowing arc reactor printed on the chest...“Oh, Jesus.“ You smiled as you buried your face into your hands. “I forgot I was wearing this.”“Yeah, see, I was never a big fan of the merch? The shirt has to go. You.” He pointed at you with the pencil tangled in his fingers. “You can stay, though.”You could feel yourself go pale. Was he propositioning you? “You’re joking.”Not breaking eye contact, Stark caught the end of his pencil between his teeth, gently rocking side to side in his chair. “You think I’m joking?”“You’re richer than God,“ you blurted out, “you’re smarter than everyone at this goddamn school combined, the Maxim calendar is your personal yearly bucket list of models to do before you die--”“Please, go on. Flattery will get you everywhere.”“I’m not even the leader of this research project--and this?” You gestured to your spreadsheets in frustration. “A night’s reading for you and you’d probably know more about this crap than I do. And you’re talking to me why?”“Woah, woah, woah.” Stark scooched his chair closer to your desk. “Hey, what I can do and what I actually do? Two completely different things. I’ve got enough on my plate as is. You, everyone here--the work you’re doing is important. You’re building the future, remember? If the world’s going to survive, it needs people like you in it.”“But you could rule the world if you wanted to.”“Sure, I could.” He leaned back and smirked. “I’ll start with you.”Red flooded your cheeks. Did his speech writers come up with that line, too?Smiling with disbelief, you clicked your tongue, tapping your pencil against your desk. “Almost sounds like you want to get caught.”“Wouldn’t be the first time.” Stark looked thoughtful for a moment. “But we won’t be interrupted. I mean, unless you’re into that sort of thing. Arrangements can be made.”Raising an eyebrow, you stood up to take a sweeping glance around the library. There were always some stragglers scattered 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Self-Insert
AFAB reader - Freeform
Age Difference
Witty Banter
reader is an MIT student
reader is a scientist
reader gets fucked over a desk while trying to do math
And Other Shenanigans
Praise Kink
From Sex to Love
Porn With Plot
Canon Rewrite
Not Canon Compliant
Mental Health Issues
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Iron Man 3 Fix-It
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Reader
Tony Stark/Original Character(s)
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)

