Work Text:
It was… difficult for Darcy when Jane went on a Science! binge. For the first couple of days, it was easy to get food and drink into her, and distracting her with small talk for more than thirty seconds once every three hours allowed Jane to disengage for long enough to realize that she had to use the restroom. But after a week, when Jane had been doing five minute cat naps on the lab bench and requesting more and more and  more  coffee, Darcy began to consider swapping out the life-giving liquid for decaf.Occasionally, a tall, blond, and studly god would show up and place his hammer over Jane’s notebook to make her get some rest. But it wasn’t like he could make a trip from another world every time his girlfriend got caught up in the whirlwind of a new theory.Once, Darcy pulled the fire alarm. Jane got doused in fire suppressant and yelled at Darcy for longer than she ever had before. (In fact, she only stopped when she fell asleep mid-”and if you  ever  do that again, I’ll—”)Another time, a Hulk-related emergency forced Jane to evacuate her lab. And the tower. And the island of Manhattan. But Darcy had nothing to do with it. Really!Most recently, Stark got tired of listening to Darcy whine about the Science! binge and told Darcy to make use of her taser. “It couldn’t possibly be that easy,” she had replied. (It was.)Darcy sighed as she watched Jane work. It was only day three, but she already knew it was happening again. Jane hadn’t slept the night before, and Darcy had already refilled her (rather large) coffee cup six times by ten AM and had successfully distracted her twice. She had been hoping to get some work done herself that week, but a Science! binge meant that she needed to keep a close eye on her scientist.“Darcy?” Jane called, waving her cup in the air without looking up from what she was doing. With a yawn, she requested “Coffee?” and put the cup back down, returning to the formulas in front of her.Darcy considered the cup. She wondered if Jane would notice it was empty.It was worth a shot. 
  Three hours later, Jane was drifting. Her eyes fluttered shut over her notebook, and her head drifted down to rest on it. Thankfully, Darcy was there to catch her. She’d repented of her coffee-withholding sins and hit Jane’s favorite bakery to grab a latte and a six pack of their heavenly cinnamon peach muffins, only to return to success! She was glad to know that “forgetting” to refill Jane’s coffee could prevent a Science! binge, and resolved to try that again the next time she noticed one beginning.But that didn’t help her present situation.Sleepy!Jane was too much scientist for Darcy to wrangle, which said more about Darcy’s exercise regimen than it did about Jane’s pastry-based diet. She slowly lowered her sleeping boss to the ground and went in search of help. Godly assistance was out of the question, of course, but maybe she could find someone else to play the role of Ripped Superhero in Thor’s absence. Or at least ‘Good-Natured/Easily Persuaded Person Capable of Hauling Jane’s Scientist Butt off to Bed.’Bruce wasn’t in his lab, but before Darcy had to resort to begging (or, ah,  borrowing) an Iron Man suit from Tony, a heavily muscled solution walked out of the billionaire’s lab. “Hey, tall, blond, and studly!” she called as her potential pack mule headed for the elevator. “Jane passed out on the Science! and Thor's not here to carry her to her room. So, uh, give a girl a hand? I promise to pay you in coffee and really good muffins.”‘Tall, blond, and studly,’ who she now recognized as Captain Steven Grant “America” Rogers, stopped in his tracks, then turned slowly to face her. And, hey, points to him: his eyes went to her face and stayed there. He looked shocked at first, then really, really happy. Which was a little weird. She understood shock; it was a common reaction to her awesomeness. The happiness, though? Who looked genuinely  ecstatic  to be recruited as a pack mule?Maybe he required more convincing. “Cinnamon peach muffins? I promise, they’re the best muffins in New York. Or maybe the entire Eastern Seaboard. At least New England. I’m pretty sure.”He didn’t stop smiling, but began walking toward her, stopping only when they were a few inches apart. Darcy stared up into his face. “Does this mean you’ll help?” she asked, a bit weirded out.And then he said it: “I’m yours. Whatever you need.”“Oh,” was her witty and intellectually stimulating reply. The Words on her arm flashed through her mind as, for the first time, then sounded in her ears. Those are mine. He’s… mine.  “She’s… um… in here.”Her Soulmate, Captain America, broke eye contact and entered Jane’s lab. He scooped her up and followed Darcy to the elevator. They snuck looks at each other on the way up to Jane’s apartment, but remained silent until after the sleepy scientist was safely tucked into her bed.“So,” Steve said as they walked back to the elevator. “Soulmates.”“Yeah. Oh, do you want to see?” she asked, though she’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Fluff and Crack
Scientist Wrangler Darcy Lewis
Helpful Steve Rogers
Muffins
(That's actually a tag!)
(I was not expecting 'muffins' to be a tag.)
Meet-Cute
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

