Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony’s self-aware enough to know he’s not a bad guy.  Not a good guy either, but not a bad one definitely.  His intentions are... okay.  Look, you don’t get into mad science to win the Nobel Peace Prize, alright?  Geez.You don’t get into mad science to win so much as your local science fair. Tony can’t put his given name on anything related to his villainous side-gig.  If it says Stark, it’s all shiny and sparkly and government- regulated.  Stark Industries corporate books are squeaky clean. If it says ‘Iron Man’ or it’s anything Iron Man-related, a nice word for it could be ‘vigilante’.  The press doesn’t use nice words and neither do the super heroes.  Tony is labeled squarely a villain, even if his kill count wouldn’t get him past the front door at Villains-R-Us.So Tony calls himself a vigilante and everyone else calls him a villain, and he’s just got to be cool with that.  What’s fucked up with the system... what keeps Tony up at night... is just how ass-backward it all is in the first place.Yes, Stark Industries is above reproach.  Startlingly so.  Except that all the weapons that Iron Man’s got to hunt down and destroy are the shiny, sparkly, government-regulated pieces of shit his father and Obadiah sold to anyone with a million dollars and an embassy behind them. And all the weapons Tony builds as Iron Man to save the world from his family legacy are the ones considered illegal and dangerous and problematic.Whatever.  Tony’s on a year sabbatical from Stark Industries, and apart from checking in with Pepper once or twice a week to see if he needs to sign anything important, he is free to do as he pleases.  And what he pleases to do is spend his time finding and destroying Stark weaponry.If he can do it without hurting anyone, good.  If the bad guys fight back-- well, sometimes you’ve got to break a few eggs.Which is why it ends up feeling like such a damn insult when Hydra sends someone to recruit him.  (To recruit Tony Stark.  Thankfully they haven’t seemed to work out he is also Iron Man.) Tony’s up to his elbows in circuitry and machine goo (technical talk here) when the stranger appears in the doorway to his secret lab.  Tony decides to call him Hydra Dan, because it’s easier naming these jerkwads himself than waiting around for an introduction. “Mr. Stark,” Hydra Dan says.Tony sighs.  “It’s Dr. Stark and whatever it is you’re selling, I’m not interested.”“This isn’t the sort of offer you turn down,” Hydra Dan warns.“Hydra doesn’t want me,” Tony replies.  “I don’t play well with others.  I don’t intimidate easily.  And I don’t get kidnapped.  It just doesn’t happen.”Hydra Dan lifts his gun.  He looks a little confused though.  Like he’d assumed Tony would be jumping at the chance to join them.“Ah, is this your first time, junior?” Tony asks.  “Not what you expected?”“You need to come with me, Dr. Stark.”“Jarvis?  Show our guest the way out.”*Tony’s not a bad guy, but he’s not a good guy either.  When Hydra Dan chooses to make things difficult, Tony doesn’t feel bad watching him drop to the floor.  He’s not dead.  Tony doesn’t kill when he can avoid it.   But what he does do will keep Hydra Dan from bothering him again any time soon: cuff him, erase his memories from the last few days, drop him off somewhere the heroes will have an easy time finding him, and leave behind a flash drive (courtesy of Jarvis) full of the guy’s crimes.His text to Captain America is simple:  Cleanup on Aisle 1.  (Rental Bay 6, Main & Norse)Iron Man doesn’t sign his name.  By now he doesn’t have to.*Ugh, Hydra Dan has backup.  The next day a new Hydra agent shows up, a lot more badass than the first.  This one’s got half a face mask and a big-ass gun.  It’s only Jarvis’s final second warning that saves Tony the trouble of prying a bullet out of somewhere fleshy and important.The bullet misses by a few inches, Tony enables protocol Get Me the Fuck Out of Dodge, and Jarvis handles the rest.  Masked Hydra Goon #2 is left behind, writhing on Tony’s lab floor, from the wall lightning Jarvis shoots at him.  Tony has no choice but to abandon his New York lair and head somewhere more remote.Damn it.*Tony knows that won’t be the end of Hydra’s pursuit.  He avoids his more obvious labs and moves to one of his back-ups.  This one is cooler anyway.  It’s a proper mad scientist hideout on St. Lucia, near a volcano and everything.  Unfortunately. Tony’s not in his Sciencetorium when the same Hydra agent finds him a second time.  At least Tony thinks it’s the same guy.  He’s not wearing a mask this time.  He’s got the same stride though, and the same efficiency of movement.  This guy is built like a brick house and damn, those are some thighs.  His dark hair hangs in his face, and his eyes are intense in a way Tony would ordinarily reserve for the bedroom.  The only imperfection (and Tony only assumes others would see it as an imperfection.  He thinks it’s great) is the metal hand, which is presumably attache
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Villain Tony Stark
Except villain is a real stretch
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
fluff with a plot
Gift Fic
Identity Porn
On top of identity porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

