Work Text:
Tony Stark had compartmentalizing down to an art, especially in the three most important aspects of his life: his business, his pleasure and his adventures. So much so that no one would ever be able to fully describe Tony Stark with a single word.
 
Some would say Tony Stark was reckless. His teammates in S.H.I.E.L.D. would fully attest to the truth behind that statement, as would Pepper Potts about Iron Man. But Tony Stark, the business man, was far, far from reckless. He was shrewd, calculating and wise beyond his years where his investments were concerned—not that many would know because his business skills were overshadowed by his reputation as a lackadaisical playboy.
 
Some would say Tony Stark was coldhearted and couldn’t care less about other people. While that was very, very true about Tony Stark, the business man, and Tony Stark, the playboy, it was a highly incorrect way to describe Tony Stark, Iron Man, and both the Avengers and Pepper Potts would again attest to that.
 
One thing about all those words to describe Tony Stark was that they were all true in one way or another.
 
He, himself, when it came to his sexual exploits, would describe himself as lazy and vain. Many people would agree, especially his many, many, many one night stands who would attest that Tony’s favorite position would be on his back with whomever riding above him. He liked it especially when whoever partner for the night would fawn over him and cater to his every need.
 
One thing that didn’t come to anyone’s mind though was that this meant he, despite the hundreds of female companions he had had, much, much preferred bottoming in a homosexual relationship than topping in a heterosexual one.
 
In fact, Tony Stark loved to bottom because it meant that he could like back, relax and still get the satisfaction any woman could ever give him and more. No cunt, after all, could compare to a thrusting cock, pounding on his prostrate, not even a cunt riding him and cooing “how good he felt in her,” and no woman managed to get a blowjob or hand job to feel as good and right as a man could. After all, a man knew what felt good and how to do it properly. The slight burn and minor discomfort he felt when said cock thrust in the first time was a small—negligible, really—price to pay; he actually welcomed it with enthusiasm because, come on, he was Iron Man—he’s had gashes and bruises and burns on his skin that hurt a hell of a lot more than his ass being penetrated.
 
More than that, he found that male partners are infinitely more appealing to him than female partners. Men thought he was quite the catch, especially since there was a distinct lack of handsome, rich, gay men, and were twice as enthusiastic about catering to him than women who thought men like Tony were a dime a dozen (they weren’t because Tony Stark is one of a kind, but that’s women for you).
 
So when Steve Rogers, a.k.a. Captain America, in full military regalia (not his Captain America suit, mind you), strolled into his office one afternoon, bearing a bouquet of flowers, Tony found that he didn’t mind that a dozen secretaries were peering through the doorway and into his office. The captain stopped in front of Tony, looking determined but nervous, and held out the flowers.
 
“I… err… I’m new to this whole thing, so I didn’t really know what to get you…” Steve stammered. Only discipline kept him from gesturing nervously.
 
“So you got me flowers.”
 
“Err… Yes.” Tony stared at the bouquet for a long moment before setting it down gently on the desk before him.
 
“And the flowers are for?” he asked, looking up at the stammering captain.
 
“I err… They’re for a date. With you, I mean. I’m asking you out. On a date,” Steve said, only barely keeping himself from wiping his brow. Tony stared at him intently, as if his face held the secrets of the universe.
 
“Okay,” he finally said, bouncing up on his feet and walking around his desk towards the door, bearing the gift for him. Steve looked at him in bewilderment, so Tony raised an eyebrow. “You did mean tonight right? I’m pretty starving actually. And I don’t like Chinese. The food, not the people. I do like Thai, though. Let’s get some Thai food.” He started making his way to the door and realized that Steve was not following. “Are you coming?” he asked. “Because I’m perfectly fine eating on my own, but that wouldn’t be much of a date, would it?”
 
“Oh, right. Yes,” Steve pulled himself together and darted forward to beat Tony to the door and hold it open, even though it was already open and there were two perfectly capable doormen holding it for them. Tony smiled.
 
Steve was much better over dinner, after getting over his initial nervousness. He kept up with Tony’s technobabble surprisingly well (he really, really didn’t, but found that as long as he nodded occasionally and asked simple, relevant questions, Tony did all the talking, and he was fine with that as long as Tony continued to sparkle with enthusiasm) a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
accidental injury
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Thor

