Work Text:
The code finishes compiling at 11:53 p.m. on February 13. By that time Tony’s basically upside-down under the hood of the R8, mentally cataloguing the many ways he can improve on German engineering. Well, okay, he’s rambling aloud and Jarvis is taking notes, but Tony designed Jarvis, it still counts as mentally cataloguing. Then Jarvis announces the program has finished running, and Tony stands up so abruptly he bangs his head against the hood, and the sudden rush of blood away from his brain doesn’t help with the dizziness.Fucking ow.But never mind that, and never mind the car. The Audi can wait. This is important.Tony doesn’t have a lot of friends. It’s not like that whole “doesn’t play well with others” thing came as a big surprise. He’s always been better at driving people away than keeping them close. Only now he has a tower full of people who won’t leave him alone, and though sometimes it’s very frustrating when Natasha threatens him out of the workshop with one delicately plucked eyebrow (she could probably kill him with the eyebrow) or when Clint drops out of the air ducts (seriously, what the hell; doesn’t he know Tony has a heart condition?) to shoot him up with a tranquilizer, or when Steve makes the puppy face (there is no defense against the puppy face) and asks if Tony is coming to team movie night—Okay, so Tony has lost track of where this line of thought was going. He’s been up forty-one hours. It’s not his fault.Anyway, now he has a tower full of—friends? Family? Teammates? Professional assassins?—whatever, and he has for almost a year now, and none of them have given any indication that they’re going anywhere anytime soon, not even when Pepper left and Tony spent a week drunk off his tits and building a sex bot. (Steve did give him his patented I’m Extremely Disappointed in You, Tony face. At least Tony thinks that’s what it was; his vision was a little blurry at the time.) Of course, the sex bot turned out creepy and Tony had to destroy it with extreme prejudice so he could sleep at night, but that’s not the point.The point being: Tony actually likes Clint’s stupid puns and Natasha’s silent competence and Thor’s… Thoriness. He appreciates Bruce’s company and the fact that he can almost keep up with Tony’s unspeakable genius. Even Steve’s wide-eyed idealism has become endearing. And all those people put up with Tony’s bullshit with minimal complaint. Tony has friends. He should throw a goddamn parade. Friends are awesome.And friends get each other presents, right? On special occasions like their birthdays and Christmas and Valentine’s Day. Tony is good at presents. Well, okay, no, that’s a lie. Pepper is good at presents. Tony is good at money. Birthdays and Christmas, Pepper took care of, everyone was happy, Tony signed the checks, yadda yadda. But Pepper is busy running his company (as she likes to point out every chance she gets), and apparently Valentine’s Day is not important enough to merit her personal attention, and Tony’s on his own.So.Bruce is easy. With all his BS meditation crap, there is really only one thing to do for him, and that’s stick him on the Starkjet and deliver him to the Dalai Lama for some protracted navel-gazing. Really, it’s amazing what you can get for a few million dollars’ worth of no-fuss water purification technology these days.Natasha was trickier, but Tony has been paying attention. He’s noted the way she looks mournfully at his bottles of expensive vodka, shakes her head, and goes straight for the stuff that could strip paint. Clearly she misses homegrown moonshine. He ordered her a still. He hopes like hell the hooch she’ll inevitably make with it won’t leave them all with catastrophic liver failure.You can’t get a Valentine’s Day gift for Thor without including Jane, so Tony rented them the top floor of a Paris hotel and chartered a flight. Really that’s a Valentine’s Day gift for everyone. Tony is a genius, but so far the score is Thor’s Sex Voice: a lot, Tony’s Soundproofing Innovations: 0.Then there’s Clint, who travels enough for work and is unlikely to be impressed with something he can’t shoot people with. Tony designed a Nerf-type bow with heart-shaped foam-tipped arrows you can aim perfectly from half a mile away. The best present for Clint is always mayhem. Tony plans to tap in to New York’s video surveillance system specifically so he can watch confused pedestrians get struck by harmless arrows of love. It’s his Valentine’s Day present to himself.That leaves Steve, of course.Tony throws himself down on his rolling stool and cracks his fingers and neck. Steve is a challenge. He grew up in the Depression and gets genuinely embarrassed and uncomfortable when Tony spends too much money on him. He doesn’t have stuff for the sake of having stuff. He can’t get drunk, and while he likes to travel, he definitely does not like doing it alone, not that Tony blames him. Steve’s main problem is that he’s lonely.Tony can relate, sort of.Unlike To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Valentine's Day
First Kiss

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

