Work Text:
  
Hypoxia is defined as diminished availability of oxygen to the body tissues.

Signs include dyspnea, rapid pulse, syncope, and mental disturbances such as delirium or euphoria. Cyanosis is not always present and in some cases is not evident until the hypoxia is far advanced. Discoloration of the skin and eventual ulceration that sometimes accompany varicose veins are a result of hypoxia in the involved tissues. 

The tissues most sensitive to hypoxia are the brain, heart, pulmonary vessels, and liver.
  The Arc Reactor, although technologically ingenious and far more superior than most examples of modern medicine, was large, gaudy, and originally made from the snippets of any salvageable rubble and debris available.The first model did its job well, the second and the following models had minor inconveniences on his physical well being. The next generation of reactors, carefully constructed and stored in secure locations in every house (call him paranoid), were considerably more improved.The reactors themselves worked smoothly as were intended. The shrapnel didn’t wriggle itself a hair closer, and his blood wasn’t filled with toxic metal.One would say that Tony Stark had never felt better in his entire life.  The Arc Reactor had a diameter of exactly 2.7 inches.Circumference of 8.48 inches, although that fact was hardly important.The surface area of what was exposed to the open air was just upwards of 6 inches, if one included the rivets and raised ring around the border of flesh and metal.A few people had asked him on occasion the precise calculations or actual size of the metal lodged in his torso. He generally rattled out the information anyone could comprehend before delving into mathematics he was aware they couldn’t comprehend. They generally nodded, albeit dazed, and forgot what answers they understood or what questions they had ever asked. (The Arc Reactor was roughly 7 inches deep once he managed to get Pepper’s hand measurements.)(Which calculated to roughly 42 inches in total area gouged from his chest.)The Arc Reactor was fine, it kept him living, and breathing for the most part.(He had already realized that a 16 oz pop bottle was 28.876 cubic inches.) (He had 23.272 fluid ounces carved from his flesh and bone.) Tony was perfectly fine.  The first thing Tony did in the months of his return from Afghanistan, was to see renown retired surgeons and doctors around the world- out of the practice itself and unable to spread the word to others of their profession.They had all looked the exact same and asked the same questions.(Horrified, and they always asked ‘How are you alive?’)Well Tony Stark was a genius and he wouldn’t let a chunk of metal kill him when he could have plenty of other opportunities to. Preferably around whatever harem he had found that day, or death by fine scotch.After he started hearing the same words and the same expression on every medical professional he visited, he just...stopped going to any.He started to practice boxing- something to try and regain the sheer muscle mass he had lost in his captivity. It was a long laborious process that was neither enjoyable nor helpful to his quickly emerging problem.He began to carry around small canisters of Albuterol in bright canisters much too peppy for his tastes. The thought of being seen with- with a rescue inhaler was laughable in his opinion. It would help fan the raging fire about whatever PTSD or medical disability that obviously meant he was unfit to lead his own business.It was amusing in all honesty. He had quite a few chuckles at it.(It hurt a bit to laugh as well but he wouldn’t ever admit that.)  The sensation of flying was amazing. It was somewhat disorienting, the sudden shift of gravity and the accompanying tug and pull on his stomach made adrenaline pulse. His heart sped in a frantic arrhythmic pace. His head hurt and his vision was distorted and warping with the sudden rush of elevation. JARVIS supplied fresh oxygen through the helmet- still rudimentary but it took away the burning bite of slight suffocation.He’d have to work on that.  The armor obviously improved over the years he worked on it and all of the advances in technology (most of them he created) that slowly emerged.The joints were improved and slid with fluid movements after grinding and locking once fighting Vanko and Hammer’s drones. The helmet increased with a tighter seal and more interactive night vision after baiting Obie into the sky. The weaponry was increased and altered from gunpowder and small projectiles into heat and repulsor blasts once fueled by the new core nestled comfortably in his chest.Each improvement left less and less work for his body to mechanically do. The armor responded with the slightest touch, shifted as he did, and responded faster than he could think on occasion. The weight of it used to be unbearable- it still was heavy mind you, but with fairly regular exercise regimes and assistance from a few professionals (Ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Hurt Tony Stark
Arc Reactor
Arc Reactor Angst
Arc Reactor Issues
Asthma
Brain Damage
Deaf Clint Barton
Orphanage

fandom: 
None
