Work Text:
After the fourth round of tinkering, Rhodey put the supports on and walked a one-inch stripe along the floor twenty feet and back, and he didn’t even have as much of a wobble as you’d get if you were doing it with a boring ordinary human spinal cord. Tony granted himself a double fist pump of victory. “What did I tell you. Back in business. Once again, I amaze even myself—”“Your best audience,” Rhodey said, picking up his legs one at a time and shaking them out.“Hey, the doctors told you six years, I promised you ten weeks, it’s been less than that, I don’t see a lot of room for argument here,” Tony said, moving in a circle around Rhodey, watching the servos move, all the readouts going on the edges of his glasses. Everything was looking good, as it should have, since Tony had literally sunk the entire output of his brain for nine weeks and four days into these things, which was more than anything in his life had gotten, including the Iron Man suit, since the model of the Millennium Falcon he’d built out of toothpicks when he was seven. “Everything back to normal.”“Yeah, it’s okay,” Rhodey said.“Oh, excuse me, Mr. Roboto. What’s missing? I even put in the A/C!” Rhodey was doing squats like he hadn’t pulled off since he was twenty, Tony was willing to bet. “You are now one hundred percent fully functional—”Rhodey threw him a flat, unamused look.“What?” Then Tony got it. “Oh, you’re kidding me.”“Yeah, well,” Rhodey said, and sighed.“Okay, don’t worry,” Tony said.“Uh,” Rhodey said, eyeing him as if, for absolutely no justifiable reason whatsoever, particularly in this moment, he had some kind of doubt about Tony’s abilities.“Relax, I’ve got it covered, I’ll handle it,” Tony said.“You know what, Tony—”“No, no,” Tony said, pointing at him. “I said I’ll handle it—”“I don’t want you handling it!” Rhodey said. “I don’t actually even want to think about what you handling it would mean, in this context, or what you would come up with—”#Rhodey didn’t make any move to take it. “I’m not touching that.”“Come on, you have to work with me here,” Tony said.“I’m not—no,” Rhodey said. “No, keep back, don’t even—” He raised his hands, backing away.“Excuse you, this is legitimately amazing technology here—”“You made me a cock ring,” Rhodey said. “Certain design elements are classic for a reason.”“Funny how it looks a lot like an arc reactor.”“Branding!” Tony said.“You know, I can walk again now, meaning I can walk over and punch you in the face,” Rhodey said.“Look, just think about this: do you never want to have sex again?” Tony said, because he’d thought about Rhodey never getting to have sex again, and he’d found it completely unacceptable.“I don’t know who exactly you think is going to be having sex with me while my dick looks like Lobot,” Rhodey said.“Don’t be such a nerd, and anyway how is that not a turn-on?” Tony said. “Seriously, in five years we’re going to be selling these for three hundred bucks a pop, I’ve already got the marketing people on it. The sleeve also functions as protection, and by the way, you’re welcome.”“Oh, well, that’s definitely going to be a selling point,” Rhodey said. “Look, Tony,” and his voice was going gentle.“No!” Tony said. “No, this is not ‘look, Tony’ time, what the hell, you haven’t even—”“You’re asking me to put this thing on my dick!”“I would like to point out that your dick, along with the rest of you, has been inside many things of mine before now.”“You know that thing you do where you make things worse,” Rhodey said.Tony shoved it at him. “Shut up and go put it on.”Rhodey groaned and shut his eyes and held his hand out for it. He went behind the screen, and Tony leaned against the wall, arms folded, waiting impatiently for the glorious moment of vindication—“HOLY SHIT,” Rhodey yowled, and five seconds later it came sailing over the screen and smacked Tony in the head, and he instinctively fumbled to catch it, only belatedly realizing where it had just been, and dropping it instantly. “TONY I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD—”#“I’ve made a few adjustments.” “I am never, ever, in a million years—”#The whole left side of Rhodey’s face was scrunched up, obviously with admiration for Tony’s genius and also devotion. “Well?” Tony said.“It’s.”“Yes?” Tony prodded, after waiting a minute.“It’s—all right,” Rhodey said. “It’s working.”Tony scowled. “There’s got to be more than that.”“No, Tony, there’s that,” Rhodey said. “That’s what I’ve got.” “No, see, if it’s actually working, there would be more than that,” Tony said.“I’m really not discussing this with you any further,” Rhodey said, and the supermodels were arriving in ten minutes, so Tony decided he could let it slide, he’d make Rhodey tell him about any necessary adjustments afterwards.#“Okay,” Tony said, “so there needed to be some more vetting involved—” “Tony, whatever universe you live in where you can just invite a woman over to sit on your untested cyborg dick—”“That would be this universe.”“For you, maybe,” Rhodey said, and sighed.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
cyborg dick
civil war spoilers

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

