Work Text:
When Steve first brought Bucky back to Avengers Tower, Bucky didn’t like to talk much. He preferred to hang back when the other Avengers were around, making coffee or watching movies or experimenting in the kitchen. He needed to know that Steve’s new friends were good for him. They seemed to be.Tony’s ruthless teasing was a thin veil to mask genuine affection.Natasha’s infrequent smiles were often Steve-related.Bruce sometimes waited in the common area with his books with the sole intention of discussing the contents with Steve.Thor liked to touch, to reel Steve in by the shoulders and embrace him. He called him shield-brother.Clint ordered extra pizzas just for Steve. He brought his dog to the Tower because he knew that Steve liked playing with Lucky.On the surface, the Avengers functioned as families often functioned. After some time, Bucky remembered his family. He remembered bickering with his sisters or being chewed out by his ma for doing something stupid. He also remembered telling his sisters stories and fixing his mom a cup of cocoa. The Avengers were like that – they argued (loudly), but at the end of the day, they came together and worked in conjunction with one another. A team.But below the surface –A couple weeks passed before Bucky noticed. It started in the morning, when Bucky woke to find Steve’s side of the bed cold and rolled out to find Steve knocking back coffee like it was going out of style. Shadows marked the undersides of Steve’s eyes, and his lips lay in a tight, flat line. Bucky was used to moving silently, so a few moments passed before Steve saw him – and his whole body transformed. His strained expression melted into a smile that almost erased the bags beneath his eyes, that almost tricked Bucky into believing that he was okay.Almost.“Morning, Buck,” Steve greeted.“How long have you been up?” Bucky asked, padding over to the coffee pot. He watched Steve out of the corner of his eye, watched the smile drop off of his face when he thought Bucky was focused on grabbing a mug from the cabinet and filling it with coffee. Bucky used to take his coffee black, before the war, before becoming the Winter Soldier – now he dumped cream and sugar into it unrepentantly. He liked sweet things.Steve replied, “Not long. Maybe twenty minutes. How’d you sleep?”Bucky turned and sipped his coffee, narrowing his eyes at Steve. Steve was lying. Why was Steve lying?Bucky considered calling Steve out on his fib, but decided against it. He needed more intel before he confronted him about whatever the hell he was hiding.Frankly, Bucky didn’t think it was fair that Steve hide something from him. Since reuniting, Bucky had been laid bare. Steve knew everything, every last little rotten thing from Bucky’s past and every last terrible nightmare he woke from and the contents of every flashback. Bucky’s bad days slowed as time went on, but they still happened. Steve always took care of Bucky after. He spoke in soft tones and brought Bucky out of panic attacks, held Bucky close after nightmares until he stopped shaking, kissed bad memories to the back of Bucky’s mind.There was nothing in Bucky that he hadn’t let Steve Rogers have.Bucky didn’t like having things kept from him.Throughout the next days, Bucky kept a close eye on Steve. Sometimes he woke with Steve beside him and other times he didn’t, but either way Steve’s body was stretched taut and tense like a bowstring. Steve’s hands shook. Bucky hadn’t noticed before, but once he watched Steve’s fingers quake over the fixings for a sandwich he couldn’t stop noticing.Meanwhile, Steve ducked out of the Tower with the Avengers to take care of missions. Bucky wasn’t cleared to join them yet, so he always had to get updates from JARVIS or, if it was available, watch the news coverage on his and Steve’s television. The way Steve fought on screen worried him. He was reckless. He threw himself into dangerous situations without alerting his teammates and took unnecessary risks.When Bucky asked Natasha about Steve’s behavior, she cocked a manicured brow and answered, “That’s just how Rogers fights.”That was a lie. If Steve had the right people to watch his six they could reel him in and make sure he didn’t get himself, and everyone else, killed. But Natasha seemed to genuinely believe what she was saying, and Bucky didn’t know what to think about that.Mid-day, once, Stark slapped Steve on the shoulder and barked, “Look alive, Capsicle. It’s time for teamwork.” Stark meant sparring. The Avengers practiced working in sync, not that Steve followed the fucking guidelines when they actually fought in the field. Steve flinched bodily away from Tony’s hand but no one as much as glanced his way.Steve’s forced, miserable expression only flashed across his face for an instant, but when Steve blinked up and caught Bucky’s gaze, Bucky knew he’d been caught. Steve offered a tired smile, but Bucky was onto him now.That same week, the Avengers departed to take care of some 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Domestic
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Protective Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Avengers
accidentally asshole avengers
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Handwaving

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

