Chapter 1: A new Beginning
    




Chapter Text
“Oh god this is disgusting,” Kate bemoaned loudly as her arrow landed on one of the giant lizard’s eyes, popping it in the process which led to a blackish, gooey liquid flying everywhere near the animal.“At least you don’t have to touch them,” Kamala grunted, her nose scrunched up in disgust as she took a swing at one of the creatures nearest to her. “Oh, god, they’re so slobbery on the outside.”“Ten!” Peter called out with a small joyful laugh, as a robotic looking lizard fell off the building, its extremities bound by Peter’s strong webbing fluid.“No one’s counting, Spiderman,” Kamala huffed, irked, as she grabbed a long piece of rebar on the floor and threw it hard, stabbing another lizard. “But, if anything, I’m pretty sure this marks my fourteenth.”Clint held back a laugh as he took in the scene, having arrived later than the rest of the team. He shook his head as he whipped out one of his explosive arrows and released it at an almost inhuman speed, hitting a group of lizards that were slowly chewing out a small car. He came to stand next to his protege, patting her softly as she hit another creature dead in between its eyes.She was pale and looked ready to throw up, while Peter was having way too much fun for his own good. Well, they did say there were two kinds of people...“Hey Spidey, look up!” Rhodes barked at Peter from where he was facing his own batch of slimy green lizards. His distraction cost him the upper ground, and one of the lizards jumped, pining Rhodey to the ground. Rhodey fired at the green thing, groaning at the smell of the slobber and whatever liquid thing had come out of it instead of blood.Tony cursed under his breath, his attention drawn to Peter by his best friend’s comment. It was easy to see now that he was paying close attention that, while Peter’s reflexes were stupidly fast, the speed at which the green lizard was falling would prevent the young man from moving away, considering that he was plastered against the side of the building. Tony propelled the repulsors at maximum speed, extending out a hand while he prayed that he could reach his boy in time.He was not about to lose one of his own, particularly not one of the younger ones.Tony swiveled to the right without thinking, grabbing Peter hard by the arm to prevent him from falling when they moved. He flew out of the way just in time, his grip tightening as Peter dangled in the air, thirty feet from the ground. He was pretty sure his grip was going to leave a bruise, but Peter did not complain. They both knew any bruising would heal soon enough anyway. The boy stretched out his hand and another one of his webs flung out, latching itself to the top of a tall building. Tony, knowing what Peter had done without even needing to look, let go of the precious arm he had been holding like a lifeline, allowing the younger man to regain his footing before rejoining the fight. “Thanks, Tony!” Peter said as enthusiastically as always, looking up at the man, the richly black armor shining due to the sun’s reflection. “Codenames, Spiderman,” Natasha sighed good-naturedly as she round-kicked a lizard in the face hard enough to send it scattering to the floor. “We’re on the field, remember?”“But Tony never uses codenames,” Peter grumbled as he wrapped another lizard in his web, watching it struggle before it fell back towards the ground, hitting a car.Damn, Tony was not going to be pleased with that. At all.Peter could practically see that stern, no-bullshit, half-disappointed look the man had perfected after five years of dealing with the New Avengers or “a pack of fucked up toddlers” - as Fury called them.“That’s because you all suck at choosing codenames,” Tony said pleasantly, making a mental note to pull Peter aside later to tell him how it was not okay to destroy public property when on a mission, particularly since it had happened on the last one too. “Do you honestly think I’m going to call Kamala Miss Marvel?”“Hey!” The girl said with a huff, looking up to glare at the man in the black and red armor that circled the rest of the avengers, swooping in and out of the fight - keeping them all safe as they did their jobs.Tony smiled softly, though his smile was hidden by the golden faceplate - the only golden splash left on his armor. “Just keeping it real, Kam.”Rhodey chuckled softly at their banter, barreling over two lizards before skidding to a stop right behind Clint.Clint raised a brow, his lips twitching with the effort of not making a quip because Kamala would get back at him for it later.“What are you laughing at War Machine?” Tony asked as innocently as he could, earning a laugh from both Natasha and Kamala, who was clearly appeased now that Tony had defended her honor.Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Oh shut up, Tony, it’s not like Iron Man is any better.” He took to the air again, brushing past Clint as he shot left and right, wanting to end this mess so they could go home.“Excuse 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & James "Bucky" Barnes
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony takes care of literally everyone
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Not Steve Friendly
Protective Avengers
Rhodes is a good bro
fix-it (ish)
PTSD
Tony Has Trust Issues
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Natasha Romanov
very bucky friendly fic fyi
but to reiterate NOT steve friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & James "Bucky" Barnes
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

