Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Jane basically moved into Bruce’s lab, the two of them ascending to a spiritual plane of weaponized geekery on which they didn’t need words, just equations, she brought her assistant with her. Darcy insisted on not being left behind “this time.”She realizes pretty quickly that she isn’t all that necessary to the workings of the Avengers. It’s hard to be bored anywhere in their orbit, but easy to feel like she isn’t contributing. She starts a master’s degree in something completely unrelated—comparative literature—at the New School, just for the fun of it. So she’s going on about lyric poetry and delving into Jane Austen novels while her roommates—compound mates?—are trying to save the world. She also—and she is irritably vague on the details of how it happened, it’s her life, and shouldn’t she have been even slightly on top of this—picks up a couple of super-soldiers.Darcy likes them a lot, is the thing. Steve and Bucky. She’s up at all hours writing papers and reading books, and they don’t seem to sleep. So the first time they find her at the counter poring over some articles in the dead of night, Steve asks if it’s okay if they hang out in the same room, him and Bucky. He stresses Bucky’s name, like he’s trying to make a point about the haunted, empty-faced man next to him with the endless circles under his eyes.. And she says yes, because she can’t really think of why it wouldn’t be okay.So then it becomes a thing. She studies late at night, and they come in. Talk quietly at the table behind her. Look at photo albums, sometimes, or sketchbooks. It feels a lot like undergrad. They are, weirdly, basically her age. After a few weeks of this, she brings her laptop to the table and sits with them. Forget trying not to intrude on their solitude, they’re basically stapled together at the hip. She’d have to be an idiot not to notice that, with all its implications.They’re great, too. Steve is much slyer than anyone gives him credit for, and Bucky likes to be amused. They make each other laugh. Most of the others think it’s an impenetrable relationship, but to her it’s just the best friends thing. And the only two super-soldiers around thing. And the miracle that they’re both alive at all thing. But it’s not fundamentally exclusive. At least, not around her.She starts sitting closer to them. They let her in immediately. Telling her stories. Steve lights up like a Christmas tree whenever Bucky contributes a new fact, a name, some kind of memory Steve didn’t put there. Bucky starts reading some of her books for her 19th century literature. They’re familiar to him. He used to read a lot. Out loud, to Steve, while he drew. Steve starts drawing again, at the table with them, late at night.Darcy puts herself in unofficial charge of the broken time travelers. She took over their education with glee, sitting them down in front of the giant television every night to show them movies and television shows. She goes decade by decade, much more thoughtfully than the rest of the team managed to do. And she always stays around to explain things. She likes it. Likes being the one who knows the most about pop culture, when all her life she was the weird homeschooled kid who never listened to the right music or watched the right shows.They start to go on food adventures on nights when Bucky is feeling hungry. He’ll always eat when food is put in front of him, but he isn’t actually hungry very often, so it’s a party, those nights. She introduces them to takeout sushi and pot noodles eaten over the sink. Steve teaches her to make chicken soup the right way. And Bucky does all the whisking when she bakes. A metal murder-arm has to be good for something. Somehow they’ve collected a keeper, and she’s got herself a pair of super-soldiers following her around. Steve doesn’t remember when he and Bucky became Darcy Lewis’s own personal mission in life, but he doesn’t complain.She goes out in public with them, risking the stares and the photographs, staying close to Bucky, because it turns out Darcy Lewis is what he needs to not panic or shut down in a crowd. She can bring him from 60 back to 0 in seconds. She starts going on about something, anything—romance novels, post-colonial literary criticism, kale—and he hardly ever understands her, she has to circle back to explain things so often Steve’s not sure she ever finishes a rant. But it works. Somehow. And he’s so grateful.He asks Bucky about it, once, and he just shrugs with his flesh arm. (The metal arm does not shrug.) “If she’s talking about it, it’s got to be interesting.” Steve agrees.But it’s torture. Steve and Bucky agree, mutually, that it is torture. In a shared look when Darcy leans up against Steve’s arm and twists her feet under Bucky’s thigh on the couch. A slight sigh when she starts turning up to movie nights in fuzzy pajama pants with cupcakes on them and baggy sweatshirts. Hair up in a messy bun. Thick-framed glasses on. Pink streak in her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pining
Established Relationship
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Steve and Bucky make a friend
Darcy is Amazing
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Accidental Voyeurism
Masturbation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

