Work Text:

He likes to sit in Sal’s Diner late at night with history books. He reads everything and anything he can about what he’s missed. Sometimes he reads history books about himself, to see what they say about him. 

 They miss a lot.

 Sal works the counter every night. He knows damn well who Steve is and he doesn’t give a shit. It’s one of the many things Steve loves about Brooklyn. Nobody brings up who he is. Nobody cares that he’s Captain America as long as he’s not an asshole.

 Sal knows his order. There’s always a cup of coffee ready for him at his booth. Ten minutes later there’s always a plate of home fries and scrambled eggs. It’s a good routine.

 Sometimes he just people watches. All sorts of folk show up in diners late at night, and it’s almost never the same people twice.

 Except for one.

 Every night, a kid in ratty dirty clothes shuffles in. He can’t be more than sixteen. His black hair is matted and filthy, tugged into a greasy ponytail and there are heavy bags under his tired brown eyes, set deep in his brown skin. He wears a gray hoodie and he sits on the stool at the counter. Sal knows his routine too, gives him a small glass of water and a single scrambled egg. The kid wolfs it down. Sometimes he’ll stay for a bit, hunched over the counter. Most of the time he’ll fumble in his pocket and pull out a few crumpled bills. He’ll try and tip Sal, who always silently pushes the money back. The kid’ll take the rejected tip, shove it in his pocket, and head on his way.

 Steve may not know the kid, but he recognizes him. He knows the way you walk when you’re down on your luck, the way you hold yourself when you’re sleeping rough. The look in your eyes when you can’t remember the last time you ate enough.

 Different clothes, same story.

 One night, when he’s sketching Bucky’s dog tags (from memory- they are safe around his neck, as they have been since he discovered there was still a pair in the Smithsonian), the kid starts fumbling with his cash and his hand freezes, then starts shaking. He starts painstakingly counting out the money, again and again, like he thinks that perhaps, the next time it’ll be different.

 “Hey, kid,” Sal says gruffly. “Don’t worry about-“

 “No.” The kid’s voice is hoarse, but resolute. “No. Just- just let me count again. Don’t let me eat for free. Not fair.”

 “Sal.” Steve doesn’t even know he was thinking it until the word’s out of his mouth, but at soon as it is, he knows that there wasn’t really any other option. 

 Sal waves at him. ‘Busy.”

 “Sal. Put it on mine.”

 Both Sal and the kid look at him. Sal looks only mildly surprised. The kid looks stunned.

 “You sure, Rogers?” Sal asks, tone clearly indicating he’s only asking for the sake of it.

 “Yeah, I’m sure.”

 “You got it.” Sal turns to the teenager. “Your bill’s been paid, kid. You’re all good.”

 The kid’s still staring at Steve. Steve raises his eyebrows.

 “You wanna sit down?” he asks, indicating the empty booth seat across from him. The kid quickly shakes his head and jumps off the stool. He gives Steve a jerky little nod, and bolts out of the place. Steve shrugs and goes back to his sketch, and assumes that’s the end of it.
 
 Except it’s not.

 The kid hasn’t been to the diner in the past two weeks, but he’s everywhere else. He skulks in the grocery store while Steve studies cereal boxes and he sits on the corner while Steve jogs around the block. He sits on the bench across the street from Steve’s apartment building and whenever Steve’s eyes pass along too slow he pulls his hoodie down over his face and looks away.

 Steve, of course, is always aware that he’s there. The kid is nowhere near as good as he thinks he is.

 Finally, as he finishes his meal at the diner and the kid lounges by a streetlamp, Steve catches Sal’s shirtsleeve as he cleans up his plates.

 “Hey, Sal. That kid who used to come in here all the time?”

 “The one who’s shit at tailing you?”

 Steve smiles. “That one. What’s his story?”

 “No clue. Name’s Eli. Living rough.”

 Steve nods thoughtfully. “Thanks.”

 “Sure. Make sure he’s still eating something.”

 “You got it.” Steve leaves the money on the table. “See you round.”

 “See you.”

 It’s raining when Steve leaves, so he pulls an umbrella out of his jacket pocket. He walks home and sits on the steps of his apartment. Eli stops abruptly, uncertain. This isn’t part of Steve’s usual routine.

 Steve pulls out another umbrella for his jacket and holds it out to Eli. “Want it?” he asks. “It’s supposed to rain harder in a bit. You could be a little wet or a lot wet.”

 Eli looks at him warily, then quickly takes a few steps and snatches the umbrella. He opens it and stands under it, trying to look at small as possible.

 Steve gestures at the steps. “You can sit if you want. I’ll even move my legs.”

 Eli sits on the bottom steps. “I didn’t know you saw me,” he mutters.

 “I would’ve seen you from space. Eli, right?”

 Eli nods once.

 “I’m Steve.”

 “I figured.”

 St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
the stucky is slight
It's not the focus of the story
But it's there
Bisexual Steve Rogers
the use of 'queer' by a man from the 1940s who is used to using it
Fluff
Angst
Humor
steve rogers accidentally adopts young lgbt youth

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

