Work Text:
Tony was in the middle of his science class with Dr. Pym when it happened. Sam Wilson flew into their classroom, panicky and sweaty. His troubled beta-scent made everyone look up. As avenger recruits, they were trained to control their scents better. It made no sense for a studious student like Sam to lose control.“Dude, what’s with the stink?” Peter complained, trying for light-hearted but failing to ease the mounting tension. Janet, true to her nature, had her cellphone out in anticipation for the news.  “I need Tony.” Sam announced, making the room gasp. Tony stiffened and his scent changed to something bitter. Jessica pushed him away from Bruce, who was already having a hard time dealing with Sam’s panic.“Sam? What happened?” Tony stood up immediately but his path was blocked by their teacher.Dr. Pym looked surly at the distracting student. “Mr. Wilson, I was unaware that there was a distress signal.”“We’re not, uhm, sir…” Sam fidgeted under the professor’s icy glare. “We aren’t assembling.”“I see,” Dr. Pym’s scent gave nothing away as he stepped in front Sam, “Then I suggest that you vacate this classroom, we are in the middle of a particle acceleration experiment and you aren’t my student.”Changing tactics, Sam met Tony’s eyes and said, “It’s Steve.”Tony’s eyes widened in shock. “No, shit, now?”Sam nodded as if the man between them didn’t exist.“Damnit, Steve!” Tony half-cursed and half-whined, “I was looking forward to this class all semester!” Yet, even as he spoke, his thrusters have already begun to warm-up. He glanced back as his friends with a double thumbs-up to alleviate their concern.“Sir,” he said, tapping Dr. Pym on the shoulder, “You know I love you and this class, right? But I’ve got to go. My alpha needs me.” Then, he turned to Sam. “Lead me to him, will you, Falcon?”Sam winked. “You got it, Chief.” He rolled his shoulders as his massive mechanical wings spread from behind him, and jumped out from the window from which he came. Tony followed in suit, rocket boots and hand thrusters at full capacity.Two minutes later, twitter exploded with Janet’s snapshot. “I guess we won’t be seeing you for a while ;) @IronTony @CaptainRogers”***Tony felt excitement traveling through his veins when he touched down at Stark Tower’s landing bay. They’ve been waiting—Steve and he—for this day to come. They had a discussion a few months back that it would be safest to do it in the tower’s panic room where all scents and noises can be blocked from the outside world and vise-versa. It was embarrassing enough that they couldn’t wait.Being an avenger meant their lives being at risk on every mission. The risk of their jobs, their careers, their responsibilities as superheroes made every single day precious and important.“Are you going to daydream out there all day, Stark?” Sam shouted from the glass entrance. “It’s half an hour since I was sent to get you… Steve’s a patient guy but he’s not that patient.”Tony scratched the back of his neck, hissing because he forgot about the gauntlets. Metal scratched him rougher than he would have liked. The pain served as a distraction. He could already feel the prickle of his of hormones causing havoc underneath his skin. His alpha was less than a few meters away, and they were going to be mated.Sam gave him an I don’t want to know face. “Pepper and Coulson have master keys to the whole every building. Apart from those, this is the only other key to get inside, but I don’t think they’ll be suicidal enough to intrude on you two.”“Thanks, Sam. I’ve got it covered from here.” Tony grabbed the card. “Teams are yours and Widows for the rest of the week. Maybe more. Let’s see.”“Gross. Don’t give me details.” Sam made a gagging face. “Do me a favor and let me clear out before you open that door. My sinuses are killing me and I’m a beta. S’tat cool?”Tony saluted. “S’cool as long as you out, right the hell now.”Sam took off with a running-start.***Heavy duty scent blockers lined the five-inch vibranium doors. Neutralizer mist curtain kept the scents from inside and outside the panic room for mingling. Tony originally developed the space to help Bruce control his rage monster into a gentle giant. With Jolly Green under control, he repurposed it for this special occasion.“Tony?” Steve’s voice croaked just beyond the mist. “S’tat you?”Tony readied himself and stepped inside. Alpha was the first thing that registered to him. My alpha was the other, and the thought immediately makes his hole leak.“Tony,” It came as an anguished rasp. “I need you.”“I know, cap, I know. Just hold on for a few minutes while I get myself ready, okay? I’ve got to get my thrusters off. I don’t want to watch you heal from another third degree burn.” He didn’t try to get any closer because if he did, the little control Steve had over hit rut-fueled body would snap. Neither of them want a repeat of the last time Tony hadn’t been able to get his gear off in time.Tony picks apart the metal carefully, swear
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - School
Alternate Universe - High School
Stony Bingo 2016
Stony Bingo
Cap-Ironman Bingo 2016 Round 1
Alpha!Steve
omega!Tony
top!steve
bottom!tony
Humor
Dirty Talk
Multiple Orgasms
Unrealistic Refraction Period
Dominant!Tony
Restraints
Light Bondage
Scent Kink
Mating
Established Relationship
Rut
NO dub-con
all consensual
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Young!Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

