Work Text:
Steve is trying not to show it, but he’s bored. Fancy dinners, he knows, are a necessary evil, but there’s absolutely no enjoyment in listening to politicians grandstanding about things they don’t give two shakes about when it’s not an election year.To the right of him he hears a choked gasp. His attention immediately swings to Darcy, whose breathing is labored, and her cheeks are flushed. He’s about to ask her if she’s alright when he recognizes the look in her eyes—the one that says that either he or Bucky—or both of them—is doing something to her that she really, really likes. Of course, he usually sees that look around her apartment. It isn’t like her to go around touching herself in public, not that he minds so much because she looks so beautiful when she’s being pleasured. That’s when he notices that both her hands are clutching the table cloth. He looks to Bucky, who looks very absorbed in the congressman's speech, which can only mean that he isn’t. His robotic hand is fiddling with his water glass. His other hand is underneath the table, and he’s pretty sure he knows what it’s doing.He should disapprove, he knows, but he can’t help find something very sexy about watching Darcy try to contain herself, because she certainly never does it at home. Pepper drops her napkin under the table and is about to go retrieve it when Steve quickly says, “I’ll get it,” partially because he wants to see what’s going on, and partially because he doesn’t want Pepper to.When he gets underneath the table cloth, he can see Bucky’s hand had pushed open the slit in Darcy’s dress, pushed her panties aside, and now he was pumping his fingers in and out of her. It was a mesmerizing sight. He’s tempted to lean forward and take a taste, but he doesn’t quite have the courage quite yet. By the way she’s tensed, he can tell that she is so close, but there is no way he’d be able to stay under the table to watch.Reluctantly, he goes back to his seat and hands Pepper back her napkin. He can’t take his eyes off of Darcy and Bucky. He watches as Bucky’s hand, shiny with Darcy’s wetness, comes up from under the table. Bucky fishes a piece of ice from his water glass, then brings it under the table. A moment later, Darcy makes a high pitched keening sound, and she gropes for one of Steve’s hands. That’s one of the things he loves most about their odd relationship, that whenever Darcy comes, she wants them all to be connected.He puts his arm around Darcy’s shoulders and she hangs on to him as she comes down from her high. “Love you,” she says softly to both Bucky and Steve. He can’t wait to get home tonight.—Bucky stops by Darcy’s office to surprise her with lunch from her favorite restaurant. She loves sushi, and Steve doesn’t, though he’s willing to eat it for her. Their girl doesn’t like to subject them to food they don’t like, so she doesn’t eat it often, but today he’s in the mood to give her a treat.Her door is halfway open and he doesn’t bother to knock before he lets himself in. She’s staring intently down at a piece of paper on her desk, a pen in her hand, though she’s not writing anything. “How’s it going, baby doll?”“Good,” she says absently. Her voice sounds different, a little strained, a little breathy, and he stares at her, puzzled.“I brought you lunch. It’s from that Japanese place you like.” She still doesn’t look up at him, not even to say thank you, and he’s immediately suspicious. That’s when he notices that she’s shifting ever so slightly in her office chair, back and forth. He sniffs. The smell of sex is in the air. He puts her lunch on her desk, and peeks around, noticing the shoes tossed haphazardly next to her chair.Bucky grins at her. “I don’t remember you wearing men’s size 12 loafers.”She looks up at him, her eyes dark and glazed with pleasure. “I don’t,” she breathes. Now that she knows he knows, she doesn’t bother holding back, and her hands go under her desk to hold Steve closer to her. Bucky smooths her hair back and gives her a quick kiss on the forehead. “Looks like I’m not the only one who decided to get you a treat. Can I watch?”Darcy shakes her head and gasps, her hips coming up to meet whatever Steve is doing to her. “Is Steve treating you right?”“Oh, hell yeah.” The last word ends on a choked wail, and Bucky leans in to swallow her cries. She clutches his arm as the last of her orgasm subside. She’s breathing hard when he releases her lips, looking dazed and so satisfied.  He chuckles, then ruffles her hair. “I’ll see you when you get home. You too, punk.” He exits Darcy’s office, and when he looks back, he sees Steve crawling out from beneath Darcy’s desk to give her a deep kiss.Bucky closes the door behind him.—The music from the club is ringing in Steve’s ears. Steve isn’t into this kind of scene, but Darcy and Bucky love it. She says she likes the press of bodies, the humidity, the pulsing music, and she likes to lose herself on the dance floor. Sometimes he’ll dance with her, or Bucky 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
PWP
I'm really sorry guys

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

