Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The distinctive ambulance wail increases gradually, then comes to a stop outside Bucky’s apartment building. He pads over to the window with his bowl of cereal and peeks out the curtains to see a dark haired woman and man unload a stretcher from the back of the ambulance and haul it up the steps with some haste.He pads over to the peephole, in case they’re headed for his floor. Sure enough, a minute later, they rush down the hall and around the corner. He finishes his cereal by the door and is debating whether or not he should take it to the sink and risk missing them coming back down the hall when they do just that.He pushes his eyeball as close to the door as he can without actually blinding himself. This is the most excitement he’s had since the guy with the dogs said hello when Bucky was picking up a package from the front desk last week.At first Bucky thinks the paramedics are rolling a kid down the hall, but it might just be a short man; blonde. He has an oxygen mask over his nose and mouth and he nods when they tell him they’re taking him to Metro General.Bucky goes to the window to watch them load him in the back of the ambulance. The flashing lights have drawn a few gawkers on the front lawn and Bucky scowls at them, for all the good it does, four stories up.
The next morning when he hears voices in the hall, Bucky splashes coffee all over his hand setting his mug down in haste to sprint over to the peephole. It’s a blonde man, the blonde man from yesterday, he’s sure of it, even though he hadn’t gotten a good look at his face before. He’s trudging down the hall, looking sallow and ashen, followed by a tall black man who’s hovering uncertainly, clearly wanting to help but for some reason keeping his hands to himself.“I’ll be fine,” the blonde man says crossly over his shoulder. Oh, that’s why.His voice is deep, reverberating down the hall. He’s short and thin, large hands with slender fingers. The angle of his jaw is fascinating; he's beautiful. Even his scowl is beautiful. But his shoulders sag under the stress of just walking down the hall.“I know you will. I’m coming in anyway,” the other man says genially.Bucky hasn’t seen either of them before. Creeping through the peephole is a relatively new thing for him—the longer he stays inside the more desperate he is for entertainment—and he’s still casing his neighbors.He keeps the T.V. volume low all day and hovers near the front of the apartment in case there’s any activity, but all he sees is Dog Guy bounding past with two golden retrievers.
Bucky watches his neighbors go to and fro on their errands. There are six apartments on this floor: Cute Blonde Guy, Dog Guy, Terrifying Redhead, Adorable Young Family, Blind Guy and Gorgeous Blonde Lawyer (it appears that only one of them lives here but he can’t figure out which because they’re always together), and Bucky. They all pass at relatively predictable times, except Terrifying Redhead, who comes and goes at all hours.Bucky himself goes out twice a week; once for groceries and once for therapy. Anything he can’t get at the grocery store he orders online. He buys a white-noise machine at the suggestion of his therapist, who thinks it might help him sleep. But not being able to track movements in the hall makes him nervous, so he leaves it outside Adorable Young Family’s door with a note.Cute Blonde Guy goes out two or three times a week with a messenger bag, and usually comes back with a cardboard cup of something. He’s on his phone more often than not. Sometimes with a bank, sometimes he’s negotiating prices for projects. His deep voice carries a confidence Bucky doesn’t see in the dip of his shoulders. He seems to be ill quite often, but is polite and kind to a fault. Bucky's seen him a few times in the foyer, when he's getting his mail or a package from Maria, and the man will nod and smile and say hello to others who pass, or hold the door open for people, even on the day he was coughing raggedly into his elbow.Bucky wants to do something for him. Help him, maybe? A not-so-random act of kindness. That’s not weird, right? He made some good investments before shipping out, has his Army pension, plus Stark Technologies paid him his retirement number to let them test the metal arm on him. So he has more than enough money and nothing else to spend it on. He could…leave an envelope of money in his mailbox. If he could get into his mailbox, which he can’t, and if that wasn’t creepy, which it is. And stupid; he can barely take care of himself and now he wants to take care of a stranger, too?Bucky can’t think of a not-weird way to go about it, but on his way back from the therapist one Thursday afternoon, he figures it out. Cute Blonde is getting mail from his box in the foyer, phone pinched between his shoulder and his ear. Bucky hangs back; he needs to get his mail too but doesn’t want to encroach.“Hey, this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Sugar Daddy
Agoraphobia
Minor Violence
Roommates
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Fluff
Mild Angst
Mild Smut
Mild Language
maybe not really shrinkyclinks but kind of so i'm going to tag it anyway
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
shrinkyclinks
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Meet-Cute
First Meetings
First Kiss
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Sugar Daddy!Bucky
Sugar Baby Steve
Service Dogs
Pining
Christmas Party
Frottage
Beefy!Bucky
Everything is Beautiful and Nothing Hurts
Don't copy to another site
Neighbors
Alternate Universe - Neighbors
Wholesome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

