Work Text:
CNN @CNN
BREAKING: Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes go public with their relationship. “We’ve been together since before the war.” cnn.it/VS87C4K
canon stan @Stucky_on_you
OH MY GOD

OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD

I CAN’T STOP REWINDING TO 13:42, SEND HELP   

CNN @CNN
BREAKING: Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes go public with their relationship. “We’ve been together since before the war.” cnn.it/VS87C4K
 Buckluck @Barnest0rmer
@Stucky_on_you I’m at work and can’t watch it yet, what happens at 13:42??? I NEED TO KNOW EVERYTHING
canon stan @Stucky_on_you
@Barnest0rmer At 13:42, a reporter asks if their relationship is sexual, and Cap just says “yes” and then Bucky adds “frequently”

FREQUENTLY
Morch Madness @moritathemerrier
@Stucky_on_you @Barnest0rmer Cap actually cracked a smile for a second before he got his Serious Bizness face back in place.
canon stan @Stucky_on_you
@moritathemerrier @Barnest0rmer That was more than a smile, that was a SMIRK. Captain America SMIRKED AT HIS BF’S DIRTY JOKE. ON CAMERA.
Buckluck @Barnest0rmer
@Stucky_on_you @moritathemerrier This is the best thing that has ever happened to me The morning after the press conference, Tony barged onto Steve and Bucky’s floor while Steve was eating breakfast. Steve kept his newspaper held high in front of his face, blocking Tony from sight.Tony snaked an arm under the paper’s edge and helped himself to Steve’s coffee. “Your boy is on a Twitter rampage."“Knocking, Tony,” Steve said. He turned the page with a rattle, pretending to be absorbed. “We’ve talked about this.”Tony rolled his eyes and knocked rapidly against the kitchen doorframe. “Can I come in?”“You’re already in.”“Then why did you tell me to knock? No, nevermind, this is more important. Remember what I said about internet trolls?”“Don’t feed the trolls.” Steve folded the paper, then stole his mug back and drained it in one long gulp.“Exactly. Did I not say the same thing to Barnes?” Tony asked rhetorically. “Were those not my exact words? I could have sworn they were, and yet.”“Bucky’s feeding the trolls?”“He’s throwing a goddamn seven-course troll  banquet. Every time someone on Twitter asks if your relationship announcement is real, he replies. Colorfully.”Steve opened his mouth to ask what “colorfully” meant, then caught the gleam in Tony’s eye and put two and two together. He blushed. Colorfully. “Oh.”“Oh,” Tony agreed, making it sound like an innuendo. He adjusted the settings on Steve’s coffeemaker and hit the button for a fresh pot, staring mournfully at the empty carafe like he could guilt it into filling faster. Which wasn’t out of the realm of possibility; Steve wouldn’t put it past Tony to have installed sentient coffeemakers.Steve cleared his throat. “Well. Bucky can handle himself.”“I don’t doubt that, I really do not, but everyone seems to assume that since I taught you guys about the internet and set you up with tech, everything you do with it is my fault. Like when you spent three days fighting in the comments on every news article about the Winter Soldier trial instead of sleeping or eating--”“Yeah, I remember,” Steve interrupted, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck. That hadn’t been his finest moment. After Tony had finally cut off his internet access and sent Thor and Clint to drag him to bed, Steve had slept for twenty hours straight. He’d woken up to find “Don’t Read the Comments” cross-stitch samplers hung on every wall of his apartment.He still sometimes needed the reminders.“Do you know how many times I got yelled at for that? Five.” Tony held up a hand and raised one finger for each name. “Hill, Coulson, Natasha, Fury, and Coulson again, with twice as much disappointment the second time around. I tried to tell them that I wasn’t to blame for your pig-headed determination to bring Justice and Righteousness to comment sections everywhere--”“Thanks,” Steve said, snatching the cup of coffee Tony had just poured out of Tony’s hands. Tony didn’t miss a beat, just stole Steve’s original mug and poured himself a fresh cup.“But did they listen? No. Somehow it became my responsibility to keep Captain America away from the dark side of the internet playground.”Steve snorted. “Bucky and I don’t need babysitters.”“Great, absolutely, I agree one hundred percent. Whatever happens next is thus clearly not my fault. JARVIS, save a recording of this conversation so I can play it for Hill when she starts yelling at me about Barnes’ descent into Twitter madness. Congratulations on going public with your relationship, by the way, you’re sickeningly into each other and it’s incredibly obvious, can’t believe there was anyone left who didn’t see it,” and then Tony was making a beeline for the door, driven out by his own brief lapse into sincerity.“Thanks, your support means a lot to me,” Steve shouted after him, because it was completely true, and because it would make Tony squirm to hear it. He might not have always known the word for it, but Steve had been tr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Bucky Barnes is a troll
Steve Rogers is a Troll
they deserve each other
Jerks in Love
if you were banging Captain America you'd brag about it too
Steve Rogers has never backed down from a dare in his unnaturally long life
Captain A-marinara
Up all night to get Bucky
Twitter
Euphemisms
Dirty Talk
in the dorkiest possible sense
Social Media

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

