Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Bucky did everything he could to make this ten by ten basement hellhole into something like a home for his pups. A single, dim lightbulb swung from the ceiling and illuminated the pathetic amount of belongings that Bucky had accrued in the God-knows-how-long he’d been down here. Long enough, at least, to push out three kids by himself, but he suspected it was much longer than that.He knotted together old t-shirts and towels to make blankets, made ragdolls so the pups had something to play with, and piled it all in the corner opposite the hard mattress on the floor. Maybe his pups should have slept on a real bed, but Bucky didn’t have the strength to let them rest their heads in the same place that Pierce fucked and knotted him.Bucky told them to close their eyes when Pierce came down, but he doubted the pups always listened. And they couldn't listen to Bucky if Pierce used his Voice, which he did.Several sets of heavy footsteps made the ceiling tremble. The lightbulb flickered, and dust and dirt shook down onto the four of them.Something wasn’t right.“Guys,” Bucky said, herding with his hands, “Stand behind me.”If Pierce brought friends again –Pierce wouldn’t fuck his own pups, would he? They were young, younger than Bucky was when Pierce snatched him off of the street and locked him in a freezing underground room. The oldest – George, Bucky thought of him as, but Pierce didn’t let them have names – took each of his sisters’ hands and tugged them behind Bucky’s rail-thin body.Bucky wasn’t much in the way of protection, but he was better than nothing.Indistinct shouts carried into the room, and the footsteps loomed closer. Then, the square door in the ceiling rattled as something fell against it. Somebody cursed, somebody whose voice was Not Pierce at all. Bucky spread his arms out further, shielding the kids.More shouting. The door rattled again.Then the thing fucking splintered. Bucky held his hand over his eyes and squinted against the light that poured into their dark room. The hazy silhouette of a man both taller and slimmer than Pierce greeted him, and the scent of concerned alpha floated down and wrapped around the room like a well-loved quilt.“What the fuck,” the silhouette said, “What in the actual hell?”“Who the hell are you?” Bucky demanded.The silhouette jumped down. A dark-skinned man in Kevlar and cop gear said, “I’m Officer Rhodes. You – you’re safe now.”“Oh,” Bucky said. Thick, sticky relief pounded into him. His head swam, vision doubled, and he managed, “Good. Finally,” before black spots clouded Bucky’s eyes and he toppled backward into the dark.**Rhythmic beeping pierced the fog of Bucky’s mind. He was floating somewhere far away – beep – a place beyond the hellhole in the ground where he lived with his pups – beep – pups that he forced in his belly, but he loved them anyway – beep – Shit, his pups.Bucky’s eyes flew open. Dizzily, he drank in his surroundings. Taupe-colored walls. Heart monitor. IV in the crook of his arm. He was lying on a hospital bed that was the most comfortable thing he’d felt in ages, but his pups weren’t in sight; he was alone in the room and that was bad, bad, bad. Bucky forced his legs over the edge of the bed and stumbled forward toward the door, dragging his IV pole with him –Only to be intercepted by a curly-haired man in a white coat.“Whoa, whoa,” the doctor said, “You’ll rip out your IV. You can’t overexert yourself, sir. Please sit back on the bed.”“The fuck I will,” Bucky spat, “Where are my pups?”“The pups are safe,” the doctor said.Bucky scowled and said, “I’ll believe that when I see it. Where are my pups?” He didn’t mean to shout, or to shove the doctor away so hard, but Bucky didn’t give a shit about niceties when his goddamn babies were missing. Using the wall to prop himself against, he hobbled out of the room and into the hall, but his great escape lasted all of ten seconds before a couple of nurses in scrubs pulled him back. Bucky fought against them and yelled more about bringing him his pups, kicking and flailing, but nobody listened.The doctor injected something into Bucky’s IV, and like magic everything was dreamy and nice, not so scary anymore. They drugged him. They fucking drugged him. What the hell was going on?“My pups,” Bucky slurred, even as the nurses herded him back into bed.“The children are in the room beside yours,” the doctor said, “and you’ll see them soon. I need you to answer some questions for me, though. Do you know your name?”“My name is Bucky.”He hadn’t said his name in a long time. Pierce called him James, because James was the name on his plastic high school ID card.The doctor paused.“My name is Dr. Banner,” he answered, “Bucky – is that short for something?”“Bu…Buchanan.”Dr. Banner went about three shades paler. He swallowed and said, “Your full name wouldn’t happen to be James Buchanan Barnes, would it?”“That’s me,” Bucky said, offering Dr. Banner a placid, dumbass smile. Some
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts (background)

freeform: 
Rape Recovery
Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve
Omega Bucky Barnes
Implied Mpreg
Post Mpreg
Forced Pregnancy
Kid Fic
Healing
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Dissociation
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Cuddling & Snuggling
Nesting
Alternate Universe
Knotting
References to Knotting
Family
Family Feels
Alternate Universe - Domestic
Domestic
Domestic Fluff
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
Depression
Eventual Sex
Eventual Happy Ending
Mates
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Mating Bond
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts (background)

