Work Text:
Loki's fingers twined around the leather strips, pulling them tight against each pole on the bed to make sure they were steadfast. Though Thor could likely break the leather alone in instants, he had enchanted them to be able to withstand even Thor's thrashing.His brother laid out on his back, sedated and head rolling from side to side, trying to shake the bleariness. There were more and more groans coming from him the more that he realized he was coming to, the more his fingers clenched into his palms to make fists and his knees tried to pull themselves up, only to be held down with the thin straps of enchanted leather.“Loki...” Thor gasped, eyes opening wide before narrowing at the light. “Loki, what's... happening?”“Shh, shh,” the Trickster purred lovingly; he light dropped his hands to Thor's chest and straddled his waist, feeling the warmth of the tanned belly on his balls, wanting to rock and press his cock to the rest of the warm skin, watch his seed drip down from Thor's chin, his chest, his arms. Cover the Thunderer in his spend. He would keep Thor here for days if he had to, slowly humiliate him. He wouldn't let anyone else's come splatter and drip on the sun-kissed skin.Loki's fingers pressed lightly into the skin and he pulled his palms down to drag them across Thor's chest. “You're with me, now, brother dearest, there's nothing to worry about.”The heels of his palms pushed up and Thor gave a soft groan, knees trying to pull up again, trying to escape the binds.“Loki...” Thor breathed, vision coming in and out of his focus too much to his liking. “Loki, I can't see, I-I can't...”“Brother,” Loki assured, eyebrows raising convincingly, a sympathetic smile coming to his lips. “I promise you, you are fine. You are in my care. I have done nothing to harm you, I have brought you here to lie down, get your wits about you,” the Trickster fibbed, “and not let you be taken advantage of.”“Advantage...” Thor whispered, the word coming sloppily to his lips. “... Feel sick...”Loki brought a hand up slowly to Thor's neck, cupping under his ear and moving his hair aside. “This feeling will pass, brother mine. Let us distract you from it, yes?” Loki waited a long moment until he got a weary nod, as if Thor didn't truly understand the meaning behind Loki's words, but that in itself wasn't an uncommon concept.Loki pulled his hands back, sitting up in order to pull his long hair over his shoulder with a hand, feeling the smoothness in his hand that made him purr with a sense of vanity. He leaned down to the side where Thor's neck was more exposed. He pressed kisses to the long chords of muscle there. Under his lips, he felt the pulse that was the rain, the warmth that was the lightning. Loki heard Thor's soft groan and easily moved his mouth faster, with more purpose. He found small clefts where Thor's muscles divided themselves, biting softly and leaving light marks there. With a wisp of words, a spell slicked his passage, spilling out of him and onto Thor's low stomach with a whine. Messy. He would have to work a little more on that spell.“Loki, so... wet, warm...” Thor's arms strained against the leather strips again, and his groaning didn't stop for a good minute as he felt the way Loki's body moved back.“Do you want me to ride you, Thor?” Loki whispered into the Thunderer's neck, hands perched gently on his shoulders.“Yes. Please, Loki, I... want...” His head turned to where Loki's was, resting his jaw upon the silken black tresses. “Loki, please.”Loki knew very well his brother was still sedated, but he would be kind for now. He rocked his hips back, sliding easily until Thor's cock pushed up against his lower back and ass, making him purr. He kissed along the tan chest below him, fingers still moving lightly on his shoulders like a cool breeze. “Of course, brother dearest.”Entering was short and sweet, Thor's hips grinding up into Loki's best that they could with what restrictions that his legs had to move with; Loki's own hips ached already with the prospect of Thor pounding into him, but he knew that he would be taking it at the pace that he wanted, not the one that Thor did.Their love-making was soft, slow; Loki's hips rolled, like waves coming up to the shore and lapping at the pebbles, shells, sand. Thor became more and more aware of his surroundings with each minute that passed them, though he didn't fight against his bindings and watched Loki with emotion in his eyes that could move mountains.Loki sat up, hands touching the oil that spread across Thor's skin, mostly having soaked in, giving it a soft sheen now that blended in with the moisture forming on his brow and over his chest. Another roll of his hips, making Thor moan, head tilting back, exposing his neck, exposing something vital, submitting to Loki, submitting to Loki.There was nothing sweeter.It lasted a good hour until Thor was thrusting his hips up feebly, soft sounds emanating lowly from his throat. Loki decided that he would ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Loki
Thor/Original Female Character

freeform: 
ponyplay
Breeding
Whipping
Submission
Voyeurism
D/s
submissive!thor
Dominant!Loki
Anal Sex
mentions of breastfeeding
Humiliation
Mentions of Rape
mentions of torture
Bondage
Gags
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Denial

fandom: 
Thor/Loki
Thor/Original Female Character

