Chapter 1: Brooklyn Blackout
    




Chapter Text
He came in for the first time on a Tuesday, after a week of sporadic passes where he looked like he wanted to come in but couldn't work up the courage. Before that, there had been one incident where you had seen him standing outside, face almost planted against the front window, eyes wide as he took in the selection you had placed on display. You had wanted to open the door and tell him to come inside, but no sooner had you set foot on the other side of the counter than the man's head snapped up, looking like a deer caught in headlights before bolting off down the street.Tuesday evening, with an hour and a half left until closing time and no customers, the sound of the bell above the door had you peeking out from the kitchen. The last two hours of the night were usually the graveyard shift. No matter how much your idea had proven fruitful, there were not that many people who craved cupcakes past 1.30 am in the morning on a weekday. The man didn't quite look like a cupcake kind of guy either, his rugged exterior clashing with the soft design you had gone for when you started this place. He was tall, looked well-built under the army-type jacket and the dark wash jeans he had on. A navy blue baseball cap covered his face, framed by a curtain of long, brown hair that reached just past his strong jaw. He was the kind of guy you might get a bad feeling about had you met him in the street at this time of night, but in here, he looked rather lost and unsure.”Good evening, sir,” you greeted him, leaving the kitchen to stand by the counter.He flinched visibly, his gaze flickering to you, revealing a handsome face with steely blue eyes, plump lips and rather beautiful cheekbones. Had it not been for the startled reaction and the look in his eyes that bordered on panic, he would have painted the perfect picture of a confident man who knew just how handsome he was.”What can I get you tonight?” you continued, offering a pleasant smile in an effort to assuage his unease.”Coffee, black,” he bit out, letting his gaze sweep over the selection of cupcakes in the display case.Some of the more popular flavours had already sold out. The butterscotch pecan cupcakes had been gone within two hours, the strawberry-mango soon after that. The last blueberry-oatmeal cupcake had left the store half an hour earlier, a bleary-eyed woman heading to work buying it to enjoy on her coffee break. You left him to ponder the selection to fix him coffee. Despite the odd opening hours, coffee was still a popular choice of beverage, which you found odd. Personally, you couldn't go anywhere near the stuff after 4 pm, or you'd be a mess the rest of the day.The pot held just enough for the man's order, the black liquid sloshing as you picked it up and poured it into a cup. He was still pondering his choices when you returned to the counter, setting down the cup on a small tray next to the till.”Find anything good?”Still skittish, he hastily turned his head from the display to you, his voice a stutter that clashed with his tough exterior. ”I- um, I...””Can I make a suggestion?”Relief flooded his face, and he gave a grateful nod. It happened sometimes. People who came in for the first time, no preferences, no plan. They got lost in the browsing. You took the opportunity to look at him again; the eyes, still obscured by the baseball cap, scanning the cupcakes, the 5 o'clock scruff, hands firmly stuffed in the pockets of his jacket. Most of your customers were straightforward. If they didn't know what they wanted or if they wanted to try something new, it was relatively easy to find them a perfect cupcake. This man, for all his external roughness, had something hidden behind his eyes that was at odds with him, a darkness, a brewing storm. Grabbing a dish, you pulled out your pick, setting it next to the cup of coffee.”What's that one?” he asked, rifling around his right pocket for money.”Brooklyn Blackout. Darkest, most decadent chocolate cupcake you'll ever find.”He snickered at the name, his lips pulling up into a quick smile. ”Something funny?””No!” he quickly added, as if fearing he'd offended you. ”No, no, it's just... It's fitting. How much?”Still rifling through his pocket, he managed to pull out a couple of crumpled-up bills.”Don't sweat it. This one's on me.” You paused, then held out your hand, introducing yourself.”Bucky,” he supplied after a few seconds of slightly awkward handshaking.”Well, then, enjoy your cupcake, Bucky. I'll be in the kitchen, just call for me if you need anything.”You caught his affirmative nod before you turned on your heel, grabbing the empty coffee pot, and walked off into the kitchen to start clean-up for the night. Looking around, you heaved a sigh. Cleaning the kitchen wasn't by any means your favourite task of the day, but it was a necessary evil. Scrubbing away splotches of frosting, dustings of flour and loading the dishwasher with pots and pans, it was a way to r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
and also cupcakes
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
I mean there are cupcakes involved
how could it not be tooth-rotting fluff?
let Bucky be happy
Cupcakery AU
now with extra added angst
because apparently the characters run me instead of the opposite
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
with hints of My Blueberry Nights
Reader Insert

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

