Work Text:
Tony Stark is, by most people's standards, an average-sized man. He's toned, but still lean, and he's a little shorter than some men but he's still got some good height on him. Steve's aware of this, of course, but not obsessively so.Until, that is, Tony's writhing against him, pinned to the wall, feet dangling off the ground as Steve hikes him up to his own height, and kisses him as hard as he can, tongue diving into Tony's mouth and hands wrapped around Tony's wrists, pinning them above his head. Tony moans, tilting his head back and Steve drops down to press his lips softly against Tony's neck. Compared to Steve's, even Tony's neck is small.Tony's legs swing up and wrap around Steve's waist, pulling him closer and pushing their hips together. Steve groans against Tony's skin and Tony gasps softly. Tony's never one to ever submit, or admit defeat. Except, of course, when it comes to Steve.Steve doesn't know why Tony lets him do it, completely dominate him. He doesn't quite understand why Tony lets him do some of the things he does. He pins Tony down, pressing his shoulders into the bed and hikes his ass up for Steve to view and Steve- god, it fucking destroys Steve's inhibitions and he lets go, dominating Tony to the point of where he knows that if Tony wanted him to stop, he probably couldn't. Or when Tony lets Steve choke him, whether it's with his hands or his dick, and Steve loves the way Tony's throat moves and squeezes when he's on his knees, taking Steve right to the base. And again, it's one of those moments where Steve isn't sure he could ever stop, and the feeling of the man that is so much smaller than him submitting to him is just... mind-blowing.Bringing his attention back to the pinned man on the wall, Steve grinds his hips onto Tony's, feeling his breath hitch and his stomach tighten as he moans softly and grinds  back.Steve's hips snap forward and one hand moves down Tony's body, the other one still barely large enough to keep Tony's hand captive above his head. The hand travels down further and further, rubbing his stomach before moving to his back, lower and lower and then gripping the jean-covered flesh there tightly, kneading and pushing and cupping and the sounds Tony makes as he thrusts forward into Steve's hips and then rests backwards into the palm of Steve's hand are dizzying Steve's head.He pulls away, setting Tony softly back on the floor. Tony stares at him for a moment before backing against the wall again, and then slowly, he sinks to his knees, putting his hands behind his back and looking up at Steve. Steve's breath is taken away by that sight, Tony on his knees, beautiful brown eyes wide with need and lust and his mouth hung open slightly. And the hands behind his back, like he's tied up is... Jesus, Steve might have to go to the hospital soon.Steve saunters forward  dipping his hand into his pants and into his boxers, gripping his cock tight and pulling it out, and Tony whimpers at that. That sound makes Steve go crazy, having to grip his dick at the base and stroke to the tip to relieve some pressure. Steve stops, his cock just a couple inches away from Tony's face and Tony groans, looking up at Steve. Their eyes meet and Tony whispers, "Please."Steve groans and shifts forward, grabbing the back of Tony's head and pressing his cock against Tony's lips. Tony parts them, and Steve thrusts forward, bringing Tony's head forward to meet his groin and slams into the back of Tony's throat. Tony moans deep in his throat and the vibrations fill Steve, making him pull out and then buck back in again.Tony's just sitting there, whining and moaning as Steve thrusts in and out, cock sliding against Tony's tongue and then down his throat, filling him and making him cough with a need for air. Steve knows he likes it, though, and the sounds Tony's making as he's on his knees only confirm that.Steve pulls back and then snaps his hips forward again, shoving himself deeper into Tony's throat, and the force of his thrust makes Tony's head hit the back of the wall which makes Tony whimper.Steve pulls out then, leaving the shining, spit-covered head of his dick leaking against Tony's bottom lip and Tony looks up at him, flicking his tongue out and licking Steve's tip. Steve gasps, reaching down and grabbing Tony's chin in his palm and forcing his head back against the wall. Tony barely has time to make any noise before Steve snaps forward again, pushing his cock as far down Tony's throat as it will go. Tony groans, tightening his lips' hold on Steve's cock and swallows, making Steve shoot pre-cum down his throat.Steve then pulls out and thrusts back in, this time at a more rapid pace, his thighs slapping against Tony's face and Tony's eyes close and he coughs lightly, drool coming from one of the corners of his mouth as Steve keeps on throat-fucking him, his head banging against the wall.With one thrust more, Steve brings Tony's head forward, shoving his face into his groin as he pus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP
Size Kink
Steve gets off on how much smaller Tony is than him
And Tony gets off on how much bigger Steve is than him
and it's all gr9
Dom/sub undertones?????
Stony - Freeform
Superhusbands
possibly

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

