Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Where are you, snookums?” Deadpool said as he slipped into Spider-Man’s humble, to put it nicer than utter shit, apartment. Deadpool had missed their weekly team ups to keep the streets clean, where really Deadpool just took the time to see Spider-Man’s great butt swinging high in the sky as he kicked some villains ass, and to make up with some good Spidey loving. There was no sign of Spidey anywhere, so Deadpool took that as an invitation to snoop a little.

We shouldn’t break into someone else’s house without any warning. He may get mad, which would ruin our great plans to woo that beautiful man.


Shut your melodic voice, I think I hear something.


We’re in Wade’s head, no one can hear us. Well, besides the readers. Hello there.

Deadpool ignored the voices as he heard sounds coming from the bathroom. It was the only room with lights on, so there was a good guess that Spidey was in there. He heard humming, probably some indie band that Spidey listened to; those stupid artsy photographer kids with the bands ‘that you probably haven’t heard before’. 

“And I can tell just what you want. You don't want to be alone. You don't want to be alone.”

The kids not actually a bad singer. Who would have guessed?


What do you think he would sound like screaming. Not in the way we usually think of, but like how funny would it be to scare him? Hahaha!


That’s probably not the best i-Wade! Do you really want to do th-why do I even ask anymore?

Just as Spidey took a long breath to start belting, Deadpool threw open the bathroom door. The sight in front of him was not what he was expecting, although not a bad one. Spidey was totally naked in the shower, curtains open, using his shampoo as a microphone. He froze when he saw Wade, but broke out of it quickly to use both hands to cover his face, used to Wade trying to figure out his secret identity. This left Wade to stare at Spidey’s pretty impressively sized crotch.


Who would have thought a twink like that was packing?


Well, twink is relative. Andrew Garfield is a total twink, but Tom Holland is a little too wide around the shoulders for my taste. So who do you think we should go with?


Let’s go with Andrew because he’s got a nice sheath for my katana, if you know what I mean. And Tom Holland looks like he’s seven. Although I’m all for a good DDLG, we’re no cradle snatcher.


“What the 

hell

 are you doing here Wade?” As Deadpool was lost in the debate, Spidey had quickly rectified his mistake and took both hands down to cover his junk.

“Well, I missed our hangout time, so I wanted to get a little extra Spidey loving. Didn’t mean to get this much.” With that, he respectfully ducked out of the bathroom to let Spidey finish up his shower. He won’t admit that he did a little rearranging of himself.

Spidey came out, this time in a baggy hoodie with some nerdy joke and loose gray sweatpants. His arms were crossed, obviously annoyed, “What the hell is wrong with you, Wade? You don’t just barge in when a guy is showering.”

Deadpool puts his hands up defensively, “Sorry! I didn’t realise that you were doing in there. Scout’s honor.”

“You’re not a scout.”

“And you’re not as small as I thought you were, so I guess we’re both going to have to live with a few little anomalies in our life.”

Spidey looked a little pissed of and looked away with a huff, “Do you seriously think about my dick size a lot?”

“All the time baby boy.”

Spidey looked at Wade for a second, almost as if he was debating something. His features hardened as he took a step forward, “Why don’t you do something about it then?”

“I’m going to need you to say that again. Because this is totally out of character and the writer has no right to spring this on me out of nowhere.”

“I’m not saying it again.”

Wade let out a deep sigh. He wanted to go further, definitely wanted to fuck that nice ass, but that would involve at least a little skin on skin contact. The most Spidey has ever seen of his fucked up mug was the parts that were shown if his suit ever got torn. Those are usually glossed over though because you couldn’t see much skin from a bullet hole. 

He couldn’t take Spidey’s rejection. He talks a big game, but it’s hard to take a hot peice like Spidey showing interest and then instantly turning him down because of his looks. Well, if he’s in this far though, there’s no turning around. 


There’s plenty of time to turn around. There’s like a whole other page of build up for you to fuck.


He lifts up his mask hesitantly, only to just below his nose, stepping forward and grabbing Spidey by the hips and pulling him forward, hips slamming together, “Please baby boy.”

Spidey let out a deep whine, “Fuck you Wade.”

“That’s the plan, sweetums.”

With that, Wade pulled Spidey into a deep kiss, gently at first but it fell into teeth and tongue with a slight tilt of the head. Spidey mumbled something under his breath, but Wade wasn’t able to hear it. Instead of asking for him to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Choking
Rough Sex
PWP
Bondage
Light Spanking
Super (Lame) boyfriends
porn with a little plot
Spanking
dom/sub dynamics
Frottage
Dirty Talk
Coming In Pants
Omorashi
Peeing in Panties
Sex in the woods
Semi-Public Sex
Gang Bang
Orgy
Multi-universe Wades
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
cross dressing
Role-Reversal
Kitchen Sex
Angst with smut
top!wade
top!Peter
Bottom!Wade
Bottom!Peter

fandom: 
Spider-Man/Deadpool

