Chapter 1: Science and Hot Black Coffee
    




Chapter Text
“Hey J! Cut the music will you? I think the mojo is gone for now.” Tony straightened up from where he had been hunched over his workstation and stretched. He was almost through the redesign of the propulsion systems for the new Quinjet. The quiet had been very fruitful for engineering. He glanced at the clock that JARVIS had nicely thrown up and whistled as he saw the time. Strange that he hadn’t been interrupted by now. Of course, Bruce had left that afternoon, the spy twins had been gone for two weeks, Thor was in London, but Steve had been due back from a mission earlier in the evening.
When Tony had seen Bruce off to his science conference that afternoon, he had assured the scientist that the Omega would be fine. “Brucie-bear, I will lock myself in my workroom and respond to no one and you know I do that spectacularly. Steve will be here in about 4 hours and he will immediately pull me out of heaven and insist on ‘special Alpha time’.” This was unarguable as Steve never shared Tony the first night he was back. “Really, Bruce,” he continued more seriously, “I know how much this conference means to you. I will be fine.” Bruce had been so pleased when his paper had been accepted for the conference; it was the first time he would be presenting since the Big Guy showed up. It had taken significant encouragement from Tony and, after prompting, from the rest of the Pack to get Bruce to submit anything to a scientific conference. Tony did not want him to miss this opportunity.
Which brought Tony back to the fact that Steve should have been down in the lab and bothering Tony about eating by now.  It was possible that Steve had decided to take a nap first, although it was odd that JAVIS hadn’t announced the Alpha’s arrival. Tony always responded to the warning that one of the Pack was returning; he blamed Omega Brain for his inability to not be standing at the elevator like a faithful dog. Actually, Tony thought it was better Steve be well rested as they needed to have a serious conversation.
Since induction, Tony had been busy. There were all the new duties that he had taken on as Omega; Pack bonding, the development of the new scent guards, Operation: Annoy Fury (Steve would argue that was not Pack business, But he was wrong). He had developed a new operating system for the Stark Phone, and then walked Stark R&D, via video conference, through the issuance and support of said new Stark Phone. He and Pepper had hung their hats on that product line being successful and eliminating the final grumbles from the board about losing the weapon contracts. As a result, Tony worked his ass off on it and it had been a total hit; sales through the roof and major Wall Street love. The success of the launch a month before had led to a meeting (again via video) with the Board who, for the first time in a long time, were thrilled with their Chief of R&D. Of course, there was the always constant development of the armor and he had created some cool new toys for the Pack. All these endeavors had been interrupted by various Avenger call outs. Tony thought they added a piquant sauce to his life.
The Pack had been busy as well. Now that they had confused Fury and SHIELD about the status of the Omega, Clint had gone back to work. Tony himself hated therapy for anything, but it had definitely worked for Clint. Natasha had been thrilled to have her playmate back, especially now that she was working without Coulson. Steve had begun to take assignments as well, although not undercover. Fury had uttered something about deception as a necessity. His ability to strategize and lead put him in high demand and, it turned out, he was also an excellent trainer. Bruce was busy and happy in his lab; working now on various projects related to poverty eradication. Thor spent most of his time with his Jane, although Tony had made an offer to meet her for possibly inclusion in the Pack.
So, very busy, and Tony should be happy and content. His Pack was busy and happy and he was busy, but he wasn’t happy.  He had woken up three weeks ago and realized he hadn’t actually left the Pack quarters since induction, other than for Avenger assemblies and the launch.  He wasn’t sure if that was normal for an Omega, if it was the natural extension of the limitations on omega social activities. But it was causing him a feeling of, well, claustrophobia.  Once he had realized that he hadn’t been outside without armor in months, he began to feel trapped. Of course he should have asked Steve about a field trip; he thought that was ok for an Omega. He had asked Omega Brain, but it didn’t seem to have an opinion as long as the Pack was with him. But then there had been a pesky lag issue with the armor, the weird whatever those were in Central Pack, and the aftermath of the Starkphone launch and three weeks had gone by before Tony had time to ask about taking a field trip. By that time, Bruce was the only one in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Pack Dynamics
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Alernative Universe

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

