Work Text:
1.
"Let's have some fun, this beat is sick," Wade sings breathlessly while Peter bounces above him. 
"New material," Peter chastises, "seriously, get some."
"Oh baby," Wade groans, his palms squeezing Peter’s, ass spreading his cheeks wider while Peter rides his cock, "I'm pretty sure I am," thrust, "getting some," thrust, “right fucking now.” 
"Predictable," Peter sighs, fucking back down on his dick, letting Wade's huge, rough hands guide him. "You're lettin' me down here, bud. I really thought your wit was on point. This has been subpar at best."
Wade grunts and flips them over so quickly Peter’s head spins like it doesn't even when he's webbing through the air. "Oh yeah, baby boy? How bout this? Is this dick subpar? Or am I giving you something you can feel?" 
"Oh shit, don't stop, En Vogue, right there," Peter gasps when Wade hits his prostate dead on. He only gets the reference because Wade has an essential mix of sexy/angsty/cheesy 90s songs that he likes to play on repeat (when he isn't trying to educate Peter on songs from classic 80s films). 
"That's right, honey, gonna let you know my love is real." Wade pants the words into Peter's neck and his heart flips stupidly. He’s well aware Wade is still quoting lyrics, but that word on his lips, directed at Peter... it's -- a lot. 
Peter shakes away the sudden fuzziness at the edges of his brain and wraps his legs higher around Wade's waist, urging him to go faster, harder. Wade's mouth trails up to his throat, lips hot and wet and Peter's so fucking close, he -- he just needs -- 
His phone goes off. 
It's the Super Secret ringtone. 
On the Super Secret Phone. 
Which can only mean one thing. 
"Motherfucker!" Wade shouts. 
"Ditto," Peter sighs and drops his legs. 
"I know it's been a while since I unalived anyone, sweetums, but can I just have this one time pass? It doesn’t need to be an essential. No one will really miss Link, right? Besides, we can't have another sarcastic asshole running around, this niche is gettin’ crowd-ed, if you get my drift."
"No unaliving, especially the A-team,” Peter says, using his Spider-Man voice. Mostly all that does is turn Wade on, to be honest, but this is what he has to work with. “Now let's get moving, Lady Gaga, so I can get back on that disco stick and we can continue playing this love game."
Peter winces then, mostly at his own words rather than the act of Wade pulling out. 
Nice going, Parker, stop thinking about the L word..
"Fiiiine," Wade whines, heaving himself up and heading for his suit. "I'll just unalive them in my minds." 
"Thanks, babe, you're a real trooper," Peter grins, stretching out his legs and willing the remains of his erection that was mostly killed by the interruption to go down. 
Since no one else will be right now.
Sometimes, being an Avenger sucked. Or didn't.
Damn, his inner monologue was on a roll. Wade would appreciate it. Maybe Peter will tell him on the way. 
___________________________
2. 
Wade's been with the Avengers for four months. The two of them have been together for five. 
Their relationship consists of taco-based dates, a ton of sex, and, well, Avenging. 
Both Peter and the team lost some street cred after Wade joined them, but whatever. Peter's more preoccupied with the fact that a) he told Wade his last name about a two months ago b) they spend a lot of time at Peter's place now, too c) he kind of wants to introduce him to Aunt May, and d) he's pretty damn sure he's in love. It's... a lot to take in. Also part of him feels like he's betraying Gwen, even though he knows that's stupid. 
Peter knows Wade had someone too, that the nightmares he has some nights aren't just about the torture. He’s well aware of rampage of carnage on that bridge a few years back. But Wade hasn't offered anything up, and Peter's not about to pry. 
Point is, they're both pretty fucked up, but it works for them, and more importantly they work, and Peter's not about to ruin it by bringing feelings into it all. At least verbally. 
Wade is definitely a tactile person. He loves to cuddle, even likes being the little spoon, and of course there's his never-ending penchant for pet names, but beyond that they don't do things like buy gifts for each other. (For Peter’s 20th birthday a few months ago Wade put up a banner that said “Congrats on Surviving Those Angst-Ridden Teenage Years” and stood under it wearing a French maid’s outfit and lace thigh highs. Peter discovered a kink he never knew he had that night.).
They don't even use the word boyfriend, even though Peter knows that's what they are and uses it in his head all the time. Maybe Wade does, too. It’s a nice thought. 
No one else knows about them, though, aside from a group of superheroes who would rather pretend they didn’t. Peter thinks about telling Aunt May all the time, especially when she asks him what he’s smiling about when he’s looking at his phone. 
Fighting baddies with Wade always makes Peter think of those first few times toge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Dating
Humor
Emotional Baggage
Romance
Porn with Feelings
Banter
Bad Puns
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

