Work Text:
She is dressed to kill, or at least mildly maim and steal. Louboutin shoes, Agent Provocateur black satin underwear, black sequined cocktail dress, blonde wig secured with ten thousand pins, slim pen Tesla Series taser, and a hungry Starkphone, but Darcy still felt half naked. She rolled her eyes at her own reflection and added one last slick of Candy Apple red gloss to her lips and straightened her back. The details of the mission and her false identity rolling around in her head as she stepped out of the powder room and across the hall into Coulson’s office. “Coulson, tell me I’m pretty.”"Were I unwed I would take you in a manly fashion, Agent Lewis,” Coulson replied blandly as he flipped over a page of the file he was reading.“’Cause I’m pretty?” Darcy grinned though there was a brittle edge to it that hardened when her eyes settled on Captain Rogers standing at attention in the corner in a grey pinstripe suit, brow furrowed slightly as he fiddled with a pair of thick framed glasses in his broad hands.“’Cause you’re pretty,” Coulson replied just as blandly though the corners of his mouth ticked up slightly and Rogers huffed slightly in the corner. “Here these are for both of you,” Agent Coulson said as he dropped two small earpieces onto the desk and with one hand while the other scrawled his signature onto the bottom of the file he had been reading.“What? Why are there two? I thought this was my mission to clone Masterson’s phone and steal his keys. I don’t need help from a superhero; you signed me off as an agent,” Darcy snapped, eyes narrowing on Captain Rogers as he shifted and cleared his throat.“Sorry, Miss Lewis, but there is the possibility you may need backup,” Captain Rogers smiled faintly as he slid the glasses on his face.“Agent Lewis,” Darcy snarked, grabbing the earpieces and tossing the one to Rogers more viciously than needed, he still caught it and his left eyebrow arched up towards his hairline. Ass.“After you Agent Lewis,” Rogers replied dryly as he held open the door............Darcy was being followed. She could feel the presence behind her as she slipped in and out of shadows and groups of people when a hand grabbed her arm and pulled her into a dark corner. Captain Rogers pressed her up against the wall, his mouth against her ear. “Don’t look, two of Masterson’s security are following you,” his whispered, nuzzling against her ear. Darcy ignored the shiver that ran down her spine as she slipped the keys into Rogers’ suit pocket and relaxed into his solid body, sliding her hands up the lapels of his jacket and wrapping her arms around his neck.Captain Rogers brushed his mouth along her jaw, eyes open and flicking to the reflection in the mirror to the left of Darcy’s head. His mouth barely brushed against hers and Darcy scratched her nails on his neck and tugged on his bottom lip between her teeth. Then his mouth was hot on hers, his hands on her waist holding her pressed between his body and the wall. Darcy made a muffled whine of protest when Captain Rogers pulled his mouth away and he flashed a quick grin. He laced his fingers with hers as he pulled her down the fire stairs a few flights and through a door. The earpieces crackled and went silent in their ears, and an alarm started blaring two floors above them. “Lost Coulson. I can hear people on the stairs,” he muttered as they ran down the hall. He stopped at a room, pulled a blank card from his suit jacket and inserted it in the slot. Darcy had her hand on his back waiting for the door to click and then Rogers dragged her inside, slamming the door behind them.Darcy’s brain was running double time as she quickly pulled pins out of the wig and ripped the monstrosity off her head, tossing it across the floor and shaking her dark hair out so it fell around her shoulders in a loose tangle. "Unzip me.""What?" Steve hissed from the door."I may not be the tactician you are, but I can only see two ways out of this. Option one, you shoot to kill the goons following us. Option two, we get on the bed and pretend to fuck. If they open the door all they will see is me on top of you. All I have is the noisy cricket version of a Tesla Series Taser and you have a glock with, what? A clip and a spare? Now unzip me and strip, Captain.”Steve glared at her and she could practically see the cogs turning in his brain. "Fine," he gritted out and tugged down the zipper of her dress. Darcy sighed in relief to breathe again and pulled down the covers as Steve quickly discarded his suit and toed off his shoes. He left on his underwear, boxer briefs and not the tightie whities Darcy would have thought Captain America would wear. Steve climbed on the bed sitting up against the headboard, face grim and glock gripped in his right hand."Don't worry, Cap, I promise not to break you," Darcy winked and flashed a wide grin before throwing a leg over to straddle him. She held herself up so only her thighs were touching his sides and Steve curled his free 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Undercover Missions
inappropriately timed highjinks
Frottage
Tropes
Sharing a Bed
Community: trope_bingo

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

