Chapter 1: Uncompromising Principles
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“You don’t deserve that shield.”  Tony’s voice was harsh, full of anger, full of pain.He could have been talking about the shield as a symbol of the United States and the laws Steve was breaking.  Even if Bucky was innocent of the bombing he was still a wanted man, helping him evade capture was still a crime.  But Steve knew that wasn’t what Tony meant.  In Germany it might have been about the Accords.  At least it might have been about the laws for Tony back then, had it really only been hours ago?  Steve had been out to save the world and hadn’t been about to let the laws of a power-hungry, vengeful lunatic like Ross stand in his way.  Only Tony had proven himself willing to ignore the Accords when the stakes were high enough but the threat had turned out to be a sham.  The only stakes left now were personal ones. Howard Stark had created the shield and now Steve was using it to defend the man who’d killed both Howard and his wife.Steve liked to think that if Howard were here he’d recognize that Bucky wasn’t at fault.  That Bucky had been used, cruelly used.  He wanted to believe Howard would agree that blaming Bucky for what Hydra had done to him would only be allowing them to claim yet another victim.  Howard had known Bucky, he’d been Bucky’s friend as much as Steve’s.  If he’d known what Hydra had done to Bucky, Steve was sure Howard would put the blame where it belonged, on Hydra.  ‘If it hadn’t been sprung on him like that maybe Tony would have understood too,’ Steve thought regretfully.He glanced back.  Tony had pulled himself part-way upright.  His helmet gone, the chest plate of his armor shattered, the arc reactor dark.  Howard Stark had given Steve a weapon, and Steve had used it against Howard’s son.  In Steve’s opinion Tony owed his father a lot more respect than he gave.  Howard had been a great man, he’d done so much to help the Allies during the war.  At the same time, as much as Steve respected Howard, after getting know Tony he sometimes found himself wondering what sort of father Howard had been, wondering if he’d still have the same respect for Howard if he’d seen the man Tony knew.  Still Howard was Tony’s father, Tony was Howard’s son.  Steve had used the weapon Howard created to batter Howard’s son into submission.  Steve let the shield drop.
Steve and Bucky staggered out of the compound into the bitterly cold Siberian air.  “We have to move fast,” Steve said.  “Grab Zemo and go.  FRIDAY would have sent out an S.O.S. the moment she lost contact with Tony, his team’s on their way.”“Zemo is not a concern,” a smooth, deep voice said.  The two super soldiers jerk around, instantly on high alert.  The Black Panther held up a placating hand.  “Be at peace.  I am done with vengeance.”  His other hand was hauling the unconscious Helmut Zemo along after him.  “I wish to offer you sanctuary.”   “Why?” Bucky demanded suspiciously.  “Because you did not kill my father.” T’Challa sighed softly, “I would have thrown away everything my father believed to hunt down a man who, in the end, was not even guilty.  I wish to make amends for wronging you.”  He glanced down at Zemo, “I wish to prove that I am different, better than the one who caused this.”“The Accords are still wrong, even worse than I initially believed.” Steve declared firmly.  “If Ross had been allowed to have his way Bucky would have been locked up forever without a trial.  Neither Buck nor your father would ever have had justice, the truth would have been buried.  Wanda, Clint, Sam and Ant-Man are locked up in supervillain prison for helping me do what needed to be done.  If you and Tony bring Zemo in it will look like the group that supported the Accords got results but that’s not what happened.  You’re only here because the two of you broke the Accords yourself.”T’Challa looked pensive.  “My actions only serve to illustrate the need for oversight.  I may have fought on the side of those who supported the Accords but I fought with murder in my heart, not the rule of law.  And yet, I believe my father would have been appalled to see how the Accords are being perverted in their implementation.  I do not wish to see my actions here used to further Secretary Ross’ agenda.  What do you suggest as an alternative?” “Change the story,”  Steve said.  “Tony caught up with Bucky and I, we ended up in another fight over the Accords.  While we were busy tearing each other apart you caught the real bad guy.  Zemo was responsible for the UN bombing, you…”“Like Tony Stark, I learned that the doctor who was summoned to interrogate the Winter Soldier had been murdered over a week ago,” said T’Challa.  He shrugged,  “I could have pursued the imposture’s trail to this place.  He confessed to the bombing.”“FRIDAY would have sent out a mayday for Tony, his team’s coming for him.  Waiting a few extra hours here won’t hurt him,”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Thaddeus Ross does not run the UN
Legal Drama
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

