Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Is this sparkling cider?”
Tony Stark stared suspiciously at his glass, eyes narrowed, lips pursed.  The glass had no answers to bestow, so he switched his gaze to Thor, who gave him a shrug.  He seemed apologetic, but there was amusement glinting in his eyes.  “Of a sort,” he said.  “Tis tasty.”
“Tis non-alcoholic,” Tony said.  “Tasty is one thing.  Non-alcoholic is the anti-tasty.  Let's, let's not do this.”  He held the crystal goblet towards Thor, the stem pinched between his thumb and his forefinger.  “You spend about half of your waking hours bragging about Asgardian booze, and you give me apple juice with bubbles?  Why would you give me the kiddie drink?”
“It is not a drink for children,” Thor said, his brows drawing tight together as he took the glass..  
“Well, I should-”
“Our children drink wine,” Thor said, and Tony decided that he was done with this conversation.
“Okay, you know what?  I'll find my own drink, there are enough giant oaken barrels scattered around, at least a few of them must have alcohol.”  With a pleasant little wave of his hand, Tony set off across the Asgardian court, his destination clear.
“Most of them do,” Thor said, ignoring the very clear social cues and falling into step with Tony.  He was in full regalia, and Tony took a step to the side because man, that was a hell of a lot of cape.  “But it was agreed that you should not drink tonight.”
“No.  No, it was agreed that I would not get DRUNK tonight,” Tony said.  “Big difference.  I can drink without getting plastered.  I'm not in college any more, I can pull that off, really.”  Thor was giving him a look, and Tony frowned.  “Don't give me that, that face.  I am not going to create an international incident.”  
Steve had been very, very insistent that they not create an international incident.  Tony was trying not to take that personally.  It was harder then it should've been.
Consequently, he was currently as far away from  Steve as he could get, and that was not childish, that was just   him being rational and adult and avoiding something that would result in a screaming argument in the middle of a  public appearance.  It was certainly easy enough to avoid Steve, it was a big room and there were about a thousand Asgardians and just one Steve, and in halls of marble and gold and swathes of velvet and silk, one rather oversized human could blend right in.
Which wasn't to say that Tony didn't know exactly where Steve was right now.  Because he had issues.
“Look, if I can't drink, I want food,” Tony said, heading for one of the many, many buffet tables that had been set up around the room. “I have met, I have shaken hands, I have remained sober, I have not impregnated anyone, successful international or intergalactic interaction!  I'm gonna go find a turkey leg or meat on a stick, pretend I'm at a Ren faire where everyone is taking their roleplaying really seriously, and just wait for this to be over.”
Thor clapped him on the shoulder with a bellow of a laugh, causing Tony to stumble forward a few steps, dress shoes sliding on the polished marble floors.  “Eat, and make merry with your newest comrades,” Thor said, and it said a lot about Thor that he was not making a joke.
Tony opened his mouth, and closed it.  Not worth it.  Not at all.   “Yeah.  Great.  Good idea.”  
*
“And the goat got off the ladder!”
Tony choked into his glass of apple juice.  “You are kidding me,” he accused Fandral.  Fandral shook his head, because he was laughing too hard to form words.  “You are fucking making this up, there is no way that Thor would-” 
Fandral grabbed his shoulders, giving him a slight shake.  “I swear 'tis true!  Ask Thor, he'll tell you himself!”
Tony folded forward, laughing so hard that he was crying.  It took him an embarrassingly long time to get a hold of himself.  “Oh, my God, I do not believe a word of that.  It is a good story, but you, you lost me with the Harpies, no, I do not believe you, you are a liar, my good sir.”
Fandral was still laughing, his cheeks red, his eyes dancing.  “Ask Volstagg!”
“Oh, please, Volstagg is clearly enjoying messing with the humans,” Tony pointed out.  “He tried to bench press Clint.  I'll ask Hogun.  He seems reliable.”
“More fool you, he's anything but,” Fandral said.
“Listen, if you think I'm going to-” Tony jumped as a pair of arms wrapped around his waist from behind, and a solid, familiar weight settled against his back.  He tipped his head back over his shoulder.  “Hey,” he said, grinning up at Steve.  This was weird.  Not bad.  But weird.  Not that he minded, but Steve was usually a little more discreet with his displays of affection when they were 'on duty.'  “How's the party treating you, Cap?”  He covered one of Steve's hands with his own, surprised when Steve's fingers tightened.
“Okay,” Steve said, staring at Fandral, who grinned at him.
“Fandral was telling me horrific lies about Thor, a goat, and a series of dresses that may or may not have been siz
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
Public indecency
The Author Has Mental Issues
Drunken behavior
Avengers Public Appearances
Team Building
Fluff
Domestic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

