Chapter 1: In S.H.I.E.L.D. custody
    




Chapter Text
Truth be told, he hadn't expected to survive the crash.Steve Rogers keeps that to himself throughout all the questioning that bombard him within the first few weeks of waking up from the ice. Later, someone tells him that these men are psychiatrists, tasked to examine his mental state, to check whether or not he would be able to cope in the Twenty-first century but right now they all just sound awfully nosy about his business, even if it's just an hour a day. "Your name is Steven Grant Rogers, correct?" Said the first psychiatrist that he had met, a clipboard on her lap. "Yes.""Born July 4th, 1918.""Yes.""Grew up in Brooklyn.""Yes.""Orphaned at the age of six and taken in by Magdalene's Home for lost boy."Steve wonders if everything in that clipboard is right about him, and whether or not he should even bother to respond. "That's right.""Registered Omega at the age of thirteen."Steve fidgets in his seat but nods. He had vaguely wondered how this century handled the secondary sex, but no one had seemed to pay him much mind. He had caught a few Alphas staring at him from time to time, but then Betas and other Omegas did that too. He didn’t think it was so much him being an Omega than it was him being Captain America.She doesn't seem all that perturbed by his lack of further answer and continues on."Joined the Army at the age of twenty-one, was recruited by one Abraham Erksine for Project Rebirth. And with the help of Howard Stark, became the only known survivor of that strain of super-soldier serum."His jaw tightens and sighs, feeling a little put off by the mention of classified information. It was one thing to mention things about his childhood and another altogether to mention Erksine's work. A man who- He stays quiet for a while but she looks at him expectantly."Received 4F three times." He offers. "Excuse me?" "Do you have that on your clipboard too? That I was rejected by the army three times before I was allowed to enlist?" She gives him a look and then smiles gently. "Yes Captain, your perseverance was a well-documented trait."He doesn't really know what to make of that. Well-documented? The future was so strange. He'd have to make a list of things to ask about.##########Most of his time is spent going through medical exams. It's one thing or another, they test for anything imaginable. He is asked to do a multitude of things, most of them physical. A doctor tells him that they want to test how much the serum had changed him and they wanted base parameters of his strength and speed. He doesn't tell them that he used to be sick a lot, barely able to get out of bed if the weather so much as looked south, and everything he does now would have been unimaginable growing up. Instead, he smiles tightly and lets them stick little electrodes on his body as they put him to work.The rest of his time is preoccupied with 'cohabitation' as one of the psychiatrists had so plainly said when asked with what he has been up to. To Steve, it simply means leaving his S.H.I.E.L.D. assigned room whenever he is allowed, keeping to himself during meal time, and punching bags at the gym level of S.H.I.E.L.D.. Everyone gives him a wide berth, though there a few people who are friendly enough. When Nick Fury (Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.) drops in and asks how he finds the agents, he tells him that they are all nice to him and he's glad that they can accommodate him while they are all so busy with their work. Which is the truth but all Nick does is stare at him that he wonders whether or not it was the right answer. He’s still unsure when Nick Fury brings along two agent in tow the very next day. Natasha Romanoff, codenamed Black Widow, and Clint Barton, codenamed Hawkeye. Natasha Romanoff eyes him speculatively, Clint Barton seems to prefer pretending he doesn’t exist at all, while Nick Fury tells him that the two are now assigned to get him up to speed on how things run on S.H.I.E.L.D. He’d already had some help with the technology of the twenty-first century, mostly with cellphones and wifi. Some poor low-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent spent the better part of his hour explaining to Steve about how he could 'connect’ to the internet, and assess a database of information to read for his perusal. His tablet was still being monitored by S.H.I.E.L.D. (He didn't bother asking for an explanation, afraid it would take up another hour) but it was for his own good, he was promised. “Black Widow will assess your hand to hand combat skills, and teach you basic skills in espionage. Something I think you lacked in the army. You best listen to her.”“Ma'am” Steve nods solemnly at the Alpha female, who smiles politely all the same, though he can't shake off the feeling that she's watching him for something. “While Hawkeye will familiarize you with some weapons.”Hawkeye finally acknowledges him with a tight-lipped nod, obviously not excited about the idea, but has the bearings of a man who knows 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Omega Clint Barton
Eventual Smut
Eventual Relationships
Domestic Avengers
Beta Phil Coulson
Alpha Brock Rumlow
Beta Happy Hogan
Stony - Freeform
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Anal Sex
Scenting
Canon Compliant
Omega Pepper Potts
Alpha Justin Hammer
Blowjobs
Snuggling
naked times
Tech talk
Robot Pets
Insomniac
Past Tiny!Steve
PTSD
Feelings
Flashbacks
Sex Talk
Sex Worker
Threesome
Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

