Work Text:
Squeaks and moans filled the room, interspersed sporadically with a woman’s breathy, “Harder! I want it harder!” and a man growling, “Yeah, you like it like that? You like that?” Darcy felt her face turning red and turned to the soldiers sitting on either side of her at the desk in their hotel room. She’d been avoiding looking at them for the better part of an hour because she was trying to maintain a professional air and she was embarrassed at the fact that listening to this was getting her hot. This was her first mission with Steve and Bucky and one of her first missions as a field agent. Normally it was exciting, but this just happened to be excitement of the wrong kind. It was hard to tail a couple when they never left their room. And it was just her luck she just happened to be stuck with the two people she’d imagined fucking her through the floor since she’d met them. Listening to two people bang while sitting between the two men she wanted to bangwas crazy distracting. She was aware of every movement Bucky made, every breath Steve took in, and if she didn’t break the silence soon, she was going to start touching herself, and that would just be uncomfortable for everyone involved.The squeaking stopped, and Darcy thought that she was getting a reprieve when they heard the thumping started. Great. Now they were fucking against the wall. Darcy closed her eyes and tried not to imagine the scene going on in the hotel room a few floors down, but that proved to be impossible, and soon she was imagining Steve pinning her against the wall as he thrust into her, and damn it, if her panties weren’t already wet before, they were totally soaked now.“Yes! Yes! Yes!” the woman in the other room screamed in time to the thumps.Darcy groaned. “So…this is not what I was expecting when Coulson sent us to do surveillance.”Bucky grinned and put his arm around her, and she tried not to imagine him sliding that arm down to cup her breast. “What, most of your assignments don’t consist of listening to people having sex?” God, his voice sounded like sex. It sent a frisson of pleasure through her, and she hoped he didn’t look at her breasts too closely because she was pretty sure that even through the bra, he’d be able to tell that her nipples were hard.She laughed and it sounded throaty and sexy, and she was pretty sure Bucky’s eyes darkened. “Surprisingly, no. I wonder if Coulson knows our mark is part rabbit.” Because he and this woman had been at it for almost an hour. Bucky smirked, then his gaze flicked down to her lips, down to her boobs, and then lower, where her skirt was bunching up, and she could picture him down there, face buried between her thighs.She thought that if she tried, even just a little, she’d be able to get him to fuck her. She tried to turn her thoughts away from that, because as tempting as it was, Steve was still in the room. But the idea of her riding Bucky while Steve watched was incredibly hot and it was not helping her in the least. The woman came and came hard over the airways, and the man was clearly fucking her through her orgasm. Darcy almost flinched at the shot of pure arousal that rushed down her spine. She glanced over at Steve, who was staring stoically forward, a blank piece of paper in front of him, then over at Bucky who seemed so close. Fuck, she was going to jump either one or both of them if she didn’t get a hold of herself. She wondered if they’d say anything if she slipped into the bathroom to relieve herself of her problem.And then, Steve looked over at her and Bucky, and, clear as day, muttered, “We should have sex.”Darcy couldn’t be held responsible for her actions then, because she was pretty sure she launched herself at him. They would have fallen if Steve hadn’t had such good reflexes and managed to keep them upright. Then they were joined in a fusion of lips and tongues, and she would have channeled Mae West and asked if there was a gun in his pocket, but that would have required taking her lips off his and she just wasn’t ready to do that. Steve’s hands cupped her ass, pressing her tightly to the bulge in his pants and God, everything felt so good, and she thought she could come just by rubbing against him.She could still hear the other couple having sex, could hear Bucky breathing heavily in the background and it got her so hot she ground harder, faster against Steve. He tore his lips away from hers and nipped at her earlobe. He growled, “You keep doing that, this’ll be over before it starts.” That sound, low and guttural, vibrated through her, and she pressed tighter against him. She was close, so close, when Steve pulled her away. She whimpered and tried to move closer, and he ran his tongue along her neck before scraping his teeth against her shoulder. “Bad Darcy.” She wound her arms around his neck and leaned in to trail kisses along his chin, nibbling along his jaw. “Want you,” she said, Her voice was a whisper of breath against his skin. “Yes,” he whispere
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PWP
OT3
Threesome - F/M/M
Surveillance

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

