Chapter 1: What is Happening?
    




Chapter Text
He’s lying there, staring at that god-damn blasted shield when he hears them.The voices.The footsteps.Barnes and Rogers have long since vanished.General Ross has no idea where he is.Wanda, Clint, Sam, the dude with the weird-ass ability to get all tiny and fuck- giant ass all over a freaking landing base.Tony shuts his eyes as he tries to control his breathing.He’s cold, the suits down, every inch of him aches. He’s powerless.He watches as rubble is removed. The former HYDRA base glares at him through the legs of a dozen or so black clad agents.“Tony Stark” one of them addresses.Tony’s hands curl around the shield. His last ounce of strength failing him.He barely registers his body moving, whoever is taking him isn’t being careful he knows that.But whoever is taking him is letting him keep the shield. He smiles as his vision wavers. Perhaps now, now he’ll be forgiven. 
WAKANDA
1 WEEK LATER  Steve groaned as he leant into Bucky, “you said left”.“I meant left” Bucky replied.“It was right” Steve muttered as Bucky helped him into their apartment. One that King T’Challa had graciously let them use during their recovery in Wakanda.“Yeah which is my left when I face you”.“You did it on purpose”.“Of course I did Punk. You made me cut my hair. I liked it long”.“You looked like an old hobo”.“I heard that’s the look of today’s young crowd”.“Buck you’re at least 90”.“As are you, old man”.“Still kick your ass” Steve replied and groaned as he sat on the sofa.“Yeah? You and what army” Bucky grinned as he slumped on his sofa and turned the TV on.Steve just shook his head and smiled.Bucky looked at the moving images on the screen and frowned, “Steve”.Steve followed Bucky’s gaze and caught sight of the Avengers they’d left behind. The ones General Ross had taken prisoner.“We’ve gotta get them back” he whispered.“Do you even know how to get into that thing? It’s gotta be at least 100 feet deep and that’s not even mentioning the security” Bucky began.“So you think it’ll be hard to get in?”Bucky nodded, “for Bucky yeah. Winter? He could get in… he could get in and not trigger anything”.“He’s not allowed in” Steve ordered, “not unless its life or death understood?”“Jesh yeah mom” Bucky snorted, “I miss you being the weakling. I got more action then”.“You’ll get plenty of action if Bucky comes with me to the prison”.“Stevie” Bucky cringed. “You’ve been hanging around Stark too much-“There was a beat before Bucky apologised which of course Steve waved off.Tony Stark was a touchy subject. There had been no news of Stark since they’d left him in Siberia the previous week.Almost like he was lying low. Staying away from the world that had lashed out at him. Almost, Bucky thought, like he was The Winter Solider.  
What is Bucky thinking? Could he have realised Tony is not laying low at all? And just who has Tony?
 
Find out in the next instalment!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
violence but not too graphic
loss of limb
slight mind control
hydra tony
Hydra
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes knows all
angst tony
Tony Whump
Protective Bucky Barnes
real reason why hulk was missing from civil war
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post Civil War
Excalibur

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

