Work Text:
Clints betrayal feels like an EMP. There's emotion and camaraderie, life and then suddenly, there isn't. It's a kind of blissful nothingness that stretches over the other noise in his head. Tony Stark is used to betrayal. Used to the way his skin crawls over rose tinted memories, used to the way his mouth curves downwards on the names of the people he once trusted. Used to the empty hallways once filled with voices. Used to the disappointment. There's a hollow place in his chest where the arc reactor used to sit and even though it's all psychological Tony knows he can feel the open space. He can still feel the hole in his chest and he can still hear the voices of the people he once trusted. So it's certainly okay that Bartons betrayal feels an EMP because thinking about it leaves nothing but white noise in it's wake.
The Avengers Headquarters was built with people in mind. Hidden or not, the space is designed with lofty ceilings and wide windows. They were supposed to replace the World Security Council. They were supposed to add a layer of defense for the Earth. Tony made the compound huge because he always thought they'd recruit more people. But now his shoes echo on the concrete floor and the windows make him feel exposed. There isn't enough people around anymore and the silence is oppressive.
He doesn't have the words to break that silence anymore.
Days slide by slowly. Sometimes he's in meetings, official or otherwise. Sometimes he's in his workshop. Sometimes it's wednesday, sometimes it's sunday, but the days slide by slowly and Tony doesn't take a day off. He works on Stark Industries business and International business and sometimes the line between them blurs but it's business. Business is something Tony Stark has always been able to manage.
Sometimes he wants a drink, but he's always on duty and he cannot fail any more people.
The UN sends him on shit show missions. He guards people that don't need protecting. He defends armories that have nothing in them. He does charity work where the only thing he does is draw people together over their hate of him.
He revolutionizes wheelchairs and then starts looking into ways to give people their lives back. He makes braces for Rhodey that help him walk and he looks into streamlining them. Making them a more viable option, an affordable option. 
He gives speeches and hosts parties and tries to get people to trust the Avengers Initiative, or at least what's left of it. Rhodey can mostly walk but he hasn't gotten back to the armor and Vision... Vision is learning about loss still and heartbreak, and Tony Stark never realized how horrible the lines of grief could look etched onto the face of what is mostly his son.
He nosedives into clean energy and puts an arc reactor on Hawaii. With this clean energy there won't be a need to destroy any more of the islands that are precious and sacred to the native Hawaiians. Maybe some good will come out of it and after the pomp and circumstance if he's asked not to come back, what does it matter?
He moves on and picks a new issue to help on because he promised a dying man in a cave that he wouldn't waste his life, so he won't.
When he gets the phone and the letter, the first emotion that hits him is shock. And it shouldn't be because they betrayed him and he should be angry but that will come later. He's shocked because 'We all need family. The Avengers are yours - maybe more so than mine.' and of course the Avengers are more his family than Steves there's only three of them left. Because Natasha left after he warned her about Ross's anger. 
She's gone and Tony isn't surprised at this. She worked with Rogers on black ops missions and went out casually with Rogers and together they took down S.H.I.E.L.D. and really she's betrayed him before. This time her betrayal doesn't feel like a needle to the neck, it cuts a little deeper for one. It leaves a foul taste in his mouth because he did want to trust her deep down and all she's been doing is proving him right.
She's a famous international spy. She's not stupid and if Rogers put together that it was Barnes who killed his parents then Romanov put it together first. It stings a little more than a needle to the neck. It cuts a little deeper than a pretty face and a white lie. It's been years since the helicarriers, she's likely known for all of them what Barnes did. So her betrayal feels like ripping the stitches out of a still healing wound. It irritates the surrounding area and it burns him to do it.
But there's only three real Avengers left and they're all broken. Rhodey tried to get into the War Machine armor earlier in the week and he couldn't. Not for inability, not because they inhibited his braces, but because the armor is a metal death trap to him now. It's a reminder of what he's lost, of what was taken from him. He doesn't blame Vision but he won't look at him either. It feels like everything is falling apart and it is, he thinks, it is.
He throws the phone a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-CACW
AU?
AU
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
stop breaking it
I'm looking at you
steve 'sometimes my teammates dont tell me things' rogers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

