Chapter 1: All Children Are Sad, But Some Get Over It
    


Notes:
Chapter title from "A Sad Child" by Margaret AtwoodDisclaimer: I do not own Iron Man, Avengers, Marvel, or anything affiliated with it. This story was written purely for fan enjoyment, and not monetary purposes.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Tony!” The cry echoes through the dark, lonely house, and Tony’s head jerks up. Hurriedly, he slams shut the book he had been reading, and  rolls off the bed he had been reading on. Kneeling on the ground,, he lifts  the mattress from the bedframe and slides the book underneath. Tony lets the mattress fall to cover it just as he hears footsteps reach the top of the stairs. He jumps to his feet and is walking towards the door when it opens with enough force to slam into the opposite wall. “There you are, boy.” Howard Stark looks down at his fifteen-year-old son with a faint sneer on his features. Tony looks down at the ground, knowing better than to meet his Alpha father’s gaze. “You are to come when I call you, is that understood?” Howard snaps as he reaches out to grab Tony’s chin in a vicious grip, tilting it upwards.Tony winces at the painful grip, then nods as well as he can. Howard’s eyes narrow for a second, then he abruptly drops his hand, releasing Tony’s chin, and looks around the room. Tony returns his gaze to the floor, which is why he is taken by surprise when Howard suddenly raises his hand and brings it down in a vicious slap.Tony rocks backward from the force of the blow, only just managing to remain on his feet, as Howard snarls, "Is that understood?!""Yes." Tony replies quickly, then cringes at his mistake, even as Howard brings up his hand for another slap. Tony falls to the ground this time, on his hands and knees."Yes, sir." Howard growls."Yes, sir." Tony corrects himself quietly, remaining on the floor with his eyes downcast.Howard continues to look around the bedroom, which contains only the barest minimums- a bed, chest of drawers, and a side-table, along with a door leading to a small bathroom. Tony has to force himself not to look over at the bed, knowing that Howard would become suspicious. The last thing Tony needs is for Howard to find the books he had hidden under the mattress. The punishment he would receive for having learned to read, not to mention stealing his father’s books, would make any other beating Tony had received look gentle.Finally, Howard completes his examination of the room, and looks down at Tony contemptuously."Come along, then." He says as he turns and leaves the room.Tony scrambles to his feet and hurries out the door after Howard.Howard doesn't even glance back as he starts down the stairs, but that's no surprise. In fact, Tony would have been surprised if he had acknowledged Tony's presence. After all, one does not acknowledge objects.Tony is careful to stay three steps behind his father, as is expected of any Omega, but doesn't fall too far back, as that would infuriate Howard.Howard reaches the end of the stairs and turns down a corriddor. His shoes clack against polished wood floors as he passes dull oil prints and locked wooden doors.Tony follows, still three feet back with his eyes downcast. He looks up in surprise, however, when Howard addresses him.“There’s someone I want you to meet.” Howard says, without turning.Howard often has visitors, because of his work, but only rarely has Tony met them. And then, usually, it’s by accident. They go into the wrong room, or they bump into Tony on one of his excursions to the kitchen for food or to the West Wing to visit with the other Omegas that Howard owns. The punishments for such accidents had been severe. Howard didn’t want his son’s Omega status broadcasted, not unless it served a purpose, that is.Tony begins to get nervous as he wonders what reason Howard has to introduce him to his visitors.So lost in his thoughts is he that Tony barely realizes that Howard had continued.“… business partner. Or rather, potential business partner.” Howard is saying when Tony returns his attention to the man, as well as his gaze to the floor. “That’s where you come in.”Oh. Okay. That makes more sense. It is not uncommon for the marrying off of an Omega to be part of a business deal. In fact, it is very common.
This knowledge does nothing to ease Tony’s worry. If anything, he becomes even more nervous.Is this it, then?He had only turned 15 a week ago, and his mating cycle would begin any day now. This was usually when Omegas were ‘married’ to the Alphas they would belong to for the rest of their lives.Tony knew this, and he had realized, distantly, that Howard was probably finding an Alpha for him, but the actual event was something else entirely.‘I wonder what they’re like?' Tony thinks nervously. ‘Are they young? Old? Male? Female? Male is more likely, but who knows? How will they act? How will they treat me?’Before Tony has too long to freak out about what 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
eventual Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
omega!Tony
People being property
Omegas are basically slaves
Rebellion
Possesiveness
Rape/Non-con - Freeform
Torture
Angst
dark!fic
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Murder
Really dark
Proceed with caution
Child Abuse
domestic abuse
Slavery
Underage - Freeform
dub-con
Author is enjoying tags far too much
Omega Verse
Bondage

fandom: 
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark
eventual Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

