Chapter 1: Setting the Stage
    


Notes:
Revised 06132017




Chapter Text
He had started keeping lists to appease Pepper. She’d insisted that if he kept track of the day to day things Tony would stay better organized, which would mean his time was better managed thus creating, in theory, more time to spend with Pepper. It hadn’t worked, and they had agreed to a separation. The realization that perhaps the entire relationship wasn’t working had occurred and left Tony wondering if maybe they had never worked at all. Still, the effort had gotten him in the habit of making lists. So, when Thaddeus Ross showed up in his office waving photos and threats, Tony Stark made a list. It should have been simple. Protect the people he cared for, keep the Avengers safe, and finally get Ross kicked to the curb. It had all looked so simple on paper, which of course was when the problems started. Afterward, when the dust had settled, and the damages were assessed, Tony would stop and wonder if Steve fucking Rogers thought the whole miasma had been worth it. Not that it mattered what Steve thought since Tony had been left to clean up the mess and the Avengers were fugitives. Leaning back in his office chair, Tony did his best to relax in the rare moment of silence and peace before the next round of questioning was due to begin. Absently rocking back and forth brought a glare of light to his attention. Sitting up, Tony stared at it in defeat before getting up to investigate. The glossy surface of one of Ross’s photos met his questing fingers. It had collected a layer of dust where it had hidden under his side table. Tony made a mental note to talk to Pepper about their cleaning staff as he brushed the picture off. Captured for all time was a moment Tony could well imagine. Lila and Cooper, gaudy swimsuits donned, were obviously running from something with tiny little Nate toddling in the nude close behind. Giant smiles graced their innocent faces. Smiling fondly at the Barton smaller agents, Tony nodded to himself. He’d always been far more invested in them than was rightly fair or healthy. It wasn’t like they had room for him in their family, it wasn’t like his infatuation with their father and husband was going to come to fruition to anything serious. Tony was well aware that the best he could hope for would be a secret affair which wasn’t at all what he wanted anymore. Sighing, Tony stood back up and returned to his desk. It was wishful thinking, but there had been something between him and Barton that had been too charged to be friendship but not nearly coquettish enough to be flirting. Setting the picture in a drawer, he resolved to frame it later. If nothing else it would remind him why it had all been worth it. Weeks passed with little interruption in his day to day schedule. Most of his time had been taken up with sitting across from the old judges appointed to the Supreme Court. Tirelessly explaining again and again why he and his lawyer thought that the Sokovia Accords were unconstitutional. Building, brick by painful brick, the image of infringement upon basic fundamental American rights. Sitting there in front of them, minding his manners and mannerisms, had been exhausting in a way he didn’t even have the words to illustrate. It wasn’t that he begrudged the international community the right to demand accountability and responsibility. Everyone had the right to point their finger and say it was their fault make them pay. Tony, like Steve fucking Rogers, felt that the Accords went far beyond the core proponents of oversight. The difference was, Tony acted like an adult about it, and Steve threw a temper tantrum the moment Bucky Barnes had been brought into the conversation. Even still, Tony had agreed the documents were shit and had already been working on getting around them. All he’d needed Steve fucking Rogers to do was play along so Tony would have the time and resources he needed to put together a case against the Accords. His counter proposal had included a panel of five representatives, to be modified as needed, which included two bodies from the United Nations Council, one body from both globally reaching task forces, and someone to stand in for the private security sectors. Every country in the world would have the option of requesting additional emergency aid from either the X-men, for mutant issues, or the Avengers, for practically everything else. Those cases wouldn’t require vetting by the UN panel only a post-mission debrief. In the event of aliens, or comparable invasion, the Avengers would be deployed immediately regardless of regional or sanctified country boundaries for the threat to be contained.  All other missions which happened outside the host country were required to be presented in person to the panel for approval. Tony had pushed for that little detail to be added, and surprisingly, T’Challa had seconded his vote without hesitation. It was a well-known fact to the Avengers that Steve fuck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Laura Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Not A Fix-It
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony's done with this crap
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
BAMF Laura Barton
there is sex now
The Author Regrets Nothing
hand-wavy science
horrifying use of organic matter
not particularly descriptive
give it a chance?
Revision In Progress
Chapter Six revised

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Laura Barton/Phil Coulson

