Work Text:
In hindsight, the Gala was probably not a good place to have flirted so openly. With groping included. And a failed attempt at kissing. Tony blamed that part on the stupid mistletoe."Buck! Bucky, wait! James!""Don't!" Bucky whirled around and met Tony's eyes with cold pale ones of his own, his jaw ticking with the gritting he was doing ever since he slipped out of the mansion, "Just, don't, Tony.""Honey, come on, it was nothing..." Tony attempted a placating smile, reaching for Bucky's hand, disregarding the fact that they were in a parking lot where anybody could come.Bucky jerked his hand away and shook his head viciously. "No, you had no right," he bit out, eye boring into Tony's, "you had no right to do that there. What were you thinking?"Well, Tony would have loved to say that he was thinking about telling Bucky how much he loved him but that was clearly not going to work at the moment. So he shrugged helplessly and gestured vaguely with his hands."It was just a bit of harmless flirting, Buck," Tony said with a half-grin, "you've seen me do it for a long time now. Was it really that strange that I did it today too?"Bucky opened his mouth and shut it, breathing out shakily and running his metal hand through his neatly combed hair."That was at home. You do that all the time at home," he shot back, "and you don't say ... You don't do this even at home!""So what?" Tony quipped with an incredulous look, not seeing the point, "so things got a little bit out of control today but it wasn't so bad, was it? Look babe, if you're worried about the press then you know I'll handle it.""Why did you have to do it in the first place?" Bucky asked, shoving both hands into his trousers, feeling the first bite of cold in the air.Tony stared at him for a second and let out a huff of incredulous laughter."Seriously? You're actually asking me this?" the genius asked with wide eyes, "Honey, you aren't that blind. And you aren't deaf either. You know why I flirt with you. Hell, even Barton knows why I flirt with you and he's not the brightest bulb in town."Bucky's eyes looked pained for a minute before he breathed out and looked up again."I've told you before, Tones, it's not right""And I've told you before, that's a load of crap.""Tony, you need to stop playing around with me. It's going to make people think something serious.""Whatever made you think that I don't want it to be serious?!""Tony...""No, you listen to me," Tony cut in, getting seriously pissed, "I've been flirting with you for a year now. I've tried every trick in the book, I've kept my boundaries, okay maybe not all that much today but hey, that was the mistletoe. I've given you pink elephant sized hints, I've made the shittiest excuses to spend time with you and I've not once felt that it was too much work. Goddamit Barnes, I even eat three meals a day so that you don't get that adorable frown on your face. What more do I have to do to make you believe that I actually want to date you?""You don't," Bucky replied quietly, "and I told you yesterday, I don't want to talk about this or do this. Why don't you take a hint?""Are you fucking kidding me right now?!" Tony threw his hands up in the air, "Barney-boy, your hints are the worst kind of double-meanings! You say no and I can read yes in your eyes. So no, sorry, not taking that hint till I figure out what exactly the problem is.""Tony, I don't want to do this.""Why?! Is it the physics? Is it the history? It can't be the chemistry because that we have.""It's not...it's not that.""Then what? Just tell me today, because I'm not getting a clue on why you don't want to date me.""Just drop it please.""No, Buck, come on. Just tell me. We can work it out.""We can't work everything out.""Yes, we can. I can. I'm an engineer. I fix things, I make them work.""This isn't a machine, Tony.""It's a problem, right? I can solve problems, you know I can. Just please, tell me.""Tony, please, just don't...""What? What is it? Bucky, please for God's sake -""It's you!" Bucky burst out and Tony snapped his mouth shut, blinking at the taller man, "The problem, it's you, alright? It's you. I can't date you. I don't have issues with my sexuality, it's not the press, it's not the team, it's you."Tony remained silent for a few minutes, watching Bucky's face in shock. The ex-soldier had closed his eyes shut and was rubbing his face with his flesh hand, looking agitated. Embarrassed, Tony's mind supplied as the words echoed in his head. He had heard these words before, quite a long time back, from another man from the 40's. His dad. Someone who had coldly placed all the blame of their failed relation on Tony. Calling him a problem. Sending him to a boarding school to become the solution. Even as he remembered that part of his life, he knew that it was unfair to compare that to James Bucky Barnes. Bucky wasn't Howard, not by a long shot. Bucky had never told Tony that he was supposed to be made of iron; hell, he was one of the few p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Humor
Domestic Avengers
Insecure Bucky Barnes
Frustrated Tony
Pining Tony Stark
Mutual Pining
Idiots in Love
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Didn't Know They Were Dating
Everyone Thinks They're Together
Denial of Feelings
Arguing
Past Character Death
Self-Esteem Issues
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Jealousy
Moping Ice Cream Sessions
Missions Gone Wrong
Possessive Behavior

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

