Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Waking up is heavy and slow, like floating adrift on a sea full of wrecked hulls and rusty scrap parts—no movement forward, just sinking and sinking before making it to the surface by chance. It's also out of the ordinary for him. He usually wakes up with a start, but today opening his eyes is an exercise in willpower, and although he runs on sheer resolve and genius on the regular, it's also about self-preservation. God only knows what he might dream about if he keeps on sleeping, and given that it's a decidedly obnoxious thing to find your heart lurching on you so many times a day, why take a chance?But he doesn't really have a choice in the matter because that's exactly what his heart does next, though with good reason. He's not alone, Tony realizes, and the thought is sobering. He's not alone and he's been slow to react like an idiot when he could be in danger and—And then he finds Cap—Rogers, there's a difference—hovering over him, and something catches in his throat because he knows it's coming, the shield is coming down on Tony any moment now like a guillotine, except there's no cold here, only warmth. Tony blinks, his brain on overdrive and flying blind because he can't even ask FRIDAY for help, he can't even speak, and then he truly looks at Rogers, who's dozing undisturbed as if Tony weren't losing his goddamn mind right next to him, and Tony can only gape. Typical Rogers.For a moment, Tony doubts whether this isn't a scenario implemented through BARF, but he's too aware for that. And he would have never made it so that the light filtering through the windows touched Rogers just so, putting such a ridiculous halo around him that it makes Tony's stomach twist in something he can't quite describe. He would have made him look as ordinary as the last time, as if his looks didn't need further enhancement because they don't, and the implicit admission of weakness brings him shame.It humiliates him to admit that he was weak enough to misuse state-of-the-art technology on the memory of someone who didn't deserve it and on an incident that paled in the face of actual traumatic experiences, a subject he knows a little about, thank you very much. But most of all, it shames him to know that it was an abject failure, a complete waste of resources. He was just as broken after having a virtual replica of Steve tell him the truth, just as much as he had been in the beginning. But if this isn't a dream nor the reinterpretation of a memory, then what the hell is it? How can he begin to explain why Steve Rogers is there, adding insult to injury by sleeping peacefully in Tony's face and closing in on his personal space when nobody invited him to crash on his lab? Not only that, he's also touching Tony. His fingers are warm on Tony's wrist while Tony's own hand is holding on to Rogers' shirt, and Tony's seriously done going from whiplash to whiplash in the roller-coaster that has been waking up today, not to mention that it comes in addition to the splitting headache that's making all of his face pulse as if it had a life of its own. Because he did make use of BARF again, now that he's fully awake and able to remember, but it was his mother that he last saw, and all of a sudden the bile comes up again and doesn't go away.He remembers everything and the warmth of Rogers' hand stings at once. It's just pain, that's all it is. It suggests a kind of intimacy that he would have welcomed oh so many times back when he didn't know any better, but that he finds painful in excess now. And if he turns on his side and shoves Rogers out of the narrow bed in the process, it can't really come as a surprise, can it? He just doesn't play well with others, especially if said others stick a knife in his back and a shield in his chest at the same time.A thud follows, then a dazed "Tony?" and he wonders for how long he can pretend to be still sleeping. But Rogers isn't stupid, he'll figure it out."So you're still there," Tony says. "Out of spite, I suppose.""Tony," Rogers says, and it comes out nuanced. Tony picks up at least a dozen unspoken things in there because there's still a small part of him that is in tune with Rogers despite the mind-boggling, serum-augmented idiocy that comes with the package, but the matter of the fact is that he doesn't want to hear any of them."Your grace period is almost over and the clock is ticking. What are you going to do about it?" Tony says sharply, clear-cut, and to the point, and it's a small relief to see that Rogers remains on the floor, looking up at Tony instead of coming from above, ready to deliver the final blow. "Surely you don't think that the Accords won't come up again after the collective relief of finding Earth whole wears off. Unlike thankfulness, fear is long-lasting, Captain. They're just biding their time until public opinion shifts its attention to the next shiny thing. And when that happens, all the warm feelings and We're-ever-so-grateful-for-your-coope
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Strained Relationships
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Slow Burn
Past Relationship(s)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

