Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion. - Miguel de Unamuno 

"What’s this? You’re not still in bed, are you?"Sigyn had no time to reply before the drapes covering her bedchamber windows were drawn back with force, causing sunlight to spill over her face.She squinted in the bright light, straining to see the tall figure of her brother as he stood next to the windows. Edmund – dressed head to toe in the heavy layers of metal and cloth that made up his armor - held his helmet under his arm, his brown hair falling around the shoulders of his golden cloak. Even Sigyn had to admit he cut quite the dashing figure as a Royal Guard, and considering the frequency with which he entertained female guests in their shared apartment, she knew she wasn’t the only one. Sigyn groaned and burrowed down into the covers, chasing the last bit of darkness in the room. “Go away, Edmund," she said from under the blankets. “The queen has not called me to be at the palace until later…can you not allow me a bit more sleep?" She heard his footsteps cross the floor, and was almost convinced he had left her in peace, when the blankets were pulled away from her face. "I’m so sorry," Edmund said, sounding anything but. “Her Majesty has requested your presence early. She sent me personally to retrieve you. Now get up." This got her attention. Since her appointment to serve the Queen nearly four months prior, Sigyn had been attentive and careful in carrying out her responsibilities, never once earning a cross word or complaint; yet it still terrified her to think that she had made a mistake and missed an assigned duty. "Did she say why? Have I done something wrong?" she asked, sitting up quickly and trying to rub the sleep out of her eyes. "I don’t question the Queen, Sigyn," said Edmund, exasperation in his voice. “When she asks me to do something, I do it.” He walked back to her bedroom door. “Now hurry and we can walk back to the palace together.”  His tone, as usual, brooked no argument. With a sigh, Sigyn jumped from the bed and pulled on her robe, hastening to ready herself for the day. 


The palace was bustling with activity when they arrived, the preparations for the Queen’s birthday celebration well under way. Everywhere Sigyn turned, there was movement: fresh flowers were being delivered, food was being prepared, and the banquet hall was being decorated in the jewel tones Queen Frigga favored. She and Edmund jostled through the crowd, scarcely managing to avoid knocking over an enormous cake carried by three young men, before reaching the kitchens. Edmund turned to continue down a side corridor toward the guard station, but couldn’t walk away without offering a last bit of unasked-for advice. "I know you’ll be at the festivities this evening," he said, eyeing a buxom kitchen maid as she hurried past. “However, as soon as your duties are over, you should return home." Sigyn narrowed her eyes, crossing her arms across her chest. “Why?" "Don’t think I haven’t seen the way some of the other guards look at you. They hold themselves in check when I’m around, but get some drink in them and their flattery may cause you to make a decision you will regret in the morning," he said. “I would not appreciate having to defend my little sister’s honor tonight." Sigyn sighed, barely repressing the urge to slap the self-righteous smile off his face. “And what of the honor of these maids you so openly ogle?" she asked, just as a group of them walked past, giggling to themselves about what might lay under the armor of a Royal Guard. "These women are not my sisters. It’s different." "Different. I see," she said, rolling her eyes. “Edmund, you are about as wise to my desires as a wild boar.” Before he could reply and anger her further, Sigyn turned and hurried away, running up the stairs that led to the private wing of the palace and the Queen’s chambers. 
It had been flattering the first few times one of her brother’s fellow sentries had flirted with her. One of them, named Völund, had been determined in his pursuit of her, showering her with gifts and declarations of love, until one night she gave in to his advances. Not entirely inexperienced, she had expected at least a soft bed behind her back; he had instead taken her against the wall of an empty stall in the royal stables, her dress bunched around her waist and the stench of horse manure overpowering the perfume she had worn for the occasion.Their coupling was far too quick and messy to leave them both satisfied. Later, alone in her own bed, she cried into her pillow as she brought herself release with her own hands, swearing she would never permit herself to be with such an inattentive brute of a lover again. She had never mentioned her tryst with Völund to Edmund, not wanting to hear his disapproval. For his part, Völund had also remained blessedly silent, preferring to mov
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sigyn
Frigga/Odin
Sif/Thor
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Romance
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Sexual Tension
Sexual Content
Jealousy
Parents & Children
Heartbreak
Loki Does What He Wants
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnancy
Parental Interference
Love
Falling In Love
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Loki/Sigyn
Frigga/Odin
Sif/Thor
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

