Chapter 1





Chapter Text
With every lead on Bucky running dry before he could even chase it, one of the biggest effects the day of the helicarrier battle actually had on Steve, four months later, was the fact that Natasha had leaked SHIELD's entire email directory and now the whole world knew his email address. 
At first he'd tried to read all the email that came in--all of it that made it past the spam filters, anyway, which was a lot but not a totally unmanageable flood--but eventually he accepted that he couldn't respond to twenty or thirty emails from strangers every day. He skimmed them, deleted the blandly nice and repetitively nasty ones, occasionally forwarded something to Maria to find out if it was a real tip or threat. If there was a photo of a kid or a kid's artwork, he tried to respond with a few friendly lines and a selfie or a quickly-snapped picture of his shield.
He got a new, secure email address for people who actually knew him to use, but he never stopped checking his leaked address once or twice a day, or as often as he could around missions and crises. 
Everyone in the world knew his old email address, and that meant it was out there for Bucky to find, if he ever wanted to get in touch.
That was the thought that had him booting up his laptop when he got home to Avengers HQ after sixty hours in Antarctica. He'd had about six hours of sleep in the last three days, most of that on the ride home. He was nowhere near being actually rested, but he wasn't quite desperate enough to wreck his circadian rhythm further by going to sleep at six PM.
He had a couple of hundred emails, but he could plow through them pretty quickly these days--delete, delete, forward, delete a dozen in a row, block an address that had sent him fourteen angry screeds in the last three days, delete, delete, leave for later, leave for later--
HYDRA went back to the beginning with this project, the email said, and there were a set of coordinates--somewhere above the 39th parallel, which put it a little way north of DC, but over 86 degrees west, which was... Steve swallowed hard and tabbed over to a new window, tapping in the coordinates to pull up a map.
The map centered at something called Camp Atterbury, but in the upper right corner of the screen was a name Steve had known for a very long time. Shelbyville, Indiana.
Bucky had been born in that town. His folks were from there, and Bucky and his mom had moved to Brooklyn to join his dad when Mr. Barnes demobbed after the war. 

Back to the beginning.

Steve clicked back to the email. It might not be about Bucky, although he couldn't think of anything else even remotely related to HYDRA that had begun in Indiana.

I am very much afraid that the project is about to be terminated. This materiel should not be destroyed.

Steve felt cold. Materiel might just be a misspelling for material--files, information, anything. Or it might have been used in the military sense of materiel: hardware. 
Assets. 
This materiel: one asset. One asset whose beginning was in Indiana.
One asset who couldn't be found.
There was a time and date listed: 8/7/15, full dark.
Steve hit another window, pulling up the time of sunset in Indiana and then tacking on half an hour for twilight--
He had about three hours. 
The from: field in the email was, he realized, blank. He tried the few tricks he knew to make the message headers divulge some information, but there was simply nothing there--as if an email had been slipped under his door instead of traveling through the mail. Internet. Whatever.
Steve pressed his hands to his face. Three hours was not enough time to vet this, and it was not enough time to give his team enough information to decide whether to follow him into a possible ambush or wild goose chase. It was barely enough time to get to Indiana, even if he commandeered a quinjet, and he couldn't--well, didn't think it would be a good idea to--do that on the strength of a single cryptic email. He could be misinterpreting, he could--
There was an attachment, he realized belatedly. His email had blocked it from showing in the body of the message like they usually did, because the email was suspicious.
No fucking kidding, Steve thought, irritated with it. At the same time his heart beat with something like panic at the thought that this message could have vanished into the spam filter, never seen. 
God, what if the weather had been worse in Antarctica? What if they'd decided to sleep a night there instead of grabbing the first available window to safely depart?
He clicked on the attachment.
The picture was small, but the quality was good enough to make his breath go out like he'd been punched in the gut. 
It was an eye--not even the whole eye, just the iris, a familiar variegation of blues and grays. Steve would know those eyes--that eye--anywhere. He had long since memorized those colors. He even knew the sheen of unshed tears reflecting the light.
"Bucky," he breathed, touching his fingers to th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Child Neglect
Child Abandonment
HYDRA geneticists are terrible quasi-parents is what I am saying here
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Tags May Change
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

