Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Six months earlier, Bucky would have said the prospect of dying back home in Brooklyn sounded like a dream. Now, faced with his own imminent demise in a Brooklyn that is almost unrecognizable, streets littered with corpses, air heavy and stagnant with death and sickness, it’s decidedly less appealing.  Honestly, it’s just sort of bizarre.  Survive Afghanistan and come home to die in the pseudo-zombie apocalypse.  Can’t make this stuff up.

It’s not that they’re zombies, exactly.  The Afflicted—and god, doesn’t that sound just like a fucking politician’s word for it, it’s about as clear as “insurgent,” in terms of saying what you mean—aren’t dead.  They’re just beyond saving.  

He drops into a crouch behind the hanging door of a wrecked car and shoulders his rifle. His only chance, as far as he can tell, is to take out as many of them as possible and make a break for it through the Dyker Beach golf course. It’s fenced, and they don’t seem nimble enough to handle eight feet of chain link. If he can just make it over the padlocked entry gate, he might stand a chance of living for another hour or so. But when the gory, staggering horde turns toward him and starts down the street in his direction, he counts forty, at least. He’s got twenty rounds.Well, fuck it. He starts shooting.He tells himself it’s more humane this way. The virus eats through the nerves first, rendering people numb to all external sensation, but inflicting constant pain from within. Within two days,  it works its way into the brain, with much the same effect.
There is no cure, he thinks, kind of the same way he used to think, it’s them or me when he was plowing through Zabul Province, where the border was lousy with Taliban and Bucky would find himself hanging out the back of a Humvee, taking head shots and wondering how the fuck this amounted to sharpshooting.  It was absolutely not the controlled, strategic environment he’d imagined after training.  Now, as he takes three quick shots, all clean and to the head, death is instantaneous.  He can’t quite decide which is worse—putting down braindead Americans or very-much-alive-but-trying-to-kill-him Afghans. He breathes in.  Out. Three more shots.  Three more kills. And then he hears a sound behind him, a three-note whistle, and he freezes. “Barnes,” says a voice. “Right behind you. Don’t shoot.” A hand on his elbow.Bucky turns, and stares, and immediately questions his sanity. It’s just not possible.Yeah, okay, the social order has gone straight to hell; up is down, dogs and cats are living together, the whole schmear, but still. It can’t be. It just can’t. Had he somehow wished him into existence? “Cap?” he asks, uncertain. “Captain Rogers?” “Course it’s me. Hasn’t been that long, has it?” “Sorry, sir - the beard and the civvies threw me off,” Bucky says. “I knew it was you, though,” his former CO whispers, clapping a hand to his shoulder. “Nobody else shoots that clean, that fast. What the hell are you doing here?” “Got sent back here a month ago, I’m part of the crisis response team,” Bucky says. “What the hell are you doing here?”“I live here. Joined the fire department. We can catch up later, let’s focus on getting out of here first.” *

Rogers had resigned when Bucky was still in Afghanistan—and Jesus, his replacement had been a sack of shit.  They hadn’t known how good they had it with Rogers, not till Rumlow had shown up, started making shit decisions. 
Rogers had been the kind of CO everyone bitched about, a little, even if they liked him.  And they did like him.  But he did things by the book, for the most part, a man with high expectations and little patience for fucking around.  
He had also been the kind of CO everyone was grateful for, when shit hit the fan.   He’d kept them alive, more than once, stuck behind some burned out building in Kandahar once, again when they were stranded beside some dusty stretch of camel trail a hundred miles from camp.  
The thing about Afghanistan, though, is that most of the time it wasn’t firefights and life-or-death runs through the desert.  Most of the time it was fucking boring.  
Bucky had learned to play spades almost as soon as he’d got there, spending hour after hour huddled around a rickety little table in a tent that smelled like stale sweat and Ramen noodles.  At first it had been alarming, trying to concentrate on a hand of cards with the sound of explosions in the distance, night after night.  Like anything else, though, it had gotten to be old hand pretty quickly.  
“Rogers’s got us on shit detail again tomorrow,” one of the boys he usually played with would say, rolling his eyes.  
“Man’s got too much free time on his hands,” another would chime in, shaking his head.  “You think he’s got a wife back home?  Girlfriend, maybe?  Someone to send him a few titty shots, maybe whisper something dirty next time he calls home?  Help him ease up a little.”
Bucky could not imagine a world where someone who looked lik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Feeding Kink
Weight Gain
Weight Issues
Belly Kink
Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
chubby steve
Alternate Universe - Zombie Apocalypse
Road Trips
Amputation
more tags added as necessary
there's a lot of stuff going on here
Fat!Daddy!Lumberjack!Steve
BabyBoyBuckyBarnes
Daddy Kink
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Spanking
Rough Sex
Dirty Talk
Sexual Content
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
all the sex
Hand Feeding
Face Slapping
Kink Negotiation
Guns
Violence
Telekinesis

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

