Chapter 1



        Chapter by angelmira


Summary:

Repost: 13.11.2017 with the corrections from my new lovely beta reader Rebecca.
Hello, yes, I'm here. I'm still alive. I have to apologize. Past few months were hectic. My friend and co-worker in one person was diagnosed with cancer. So I spent half of my time at work and the other one cheering her up. It's a long process. Some times I have these absolutely amazing ideas and no time to write, other times I don't have the energy to do anything more than sleep. But I'm not giving up on my stories, it will just take some time to finish them. Chapter 10-12 is already written and it's up to my wonderful beta to polish it and make it great. :) ...So thank you all for waiting, comments and nice messages. :)



Notes:
I would like to thank DreadPirateWombat for beta reading the chapter and making it absolutely awesome.




Chapter Text
Chapter 01 
Anthony Stark stood in front of the door to Steve Rogers' room in Avenger Tower, fingers still painfully clutching Steve’s letter. Wrong choice of words. The letter was from Captain America, not Steve Rogers. He couldn't make the same mistake again and think that Captain America and Steve were two people. No. Captain America had almost killed him. He was the same man as Steve Rogers, his former friend, his teammate, his...  the Avenger.
               "Do you want me to open the door, boss?"
               Tony's paralysis was interrupted by the female voice of his artificial intelligence, FRIDAY. After a few difficulties and a lot of thinking, he had installed her at the tower. "No, thanks, sweetie. I’ve got this. I can do things on my own, ya know.” His voice was raw, the words scraping his throat. He swallowed and forced a grin onto his face. “I'm old enough to drink, smoke, have sex, ride an elevator and open doors as well." His cheerful tone belied the cold dread that lay in his stomach as he stared at the door in front of him. He had spent years developing his masks as a defense mechanism and means of diverting people's attention so they never saw his pain, his fear.
               "Your pulse is slightly elevated, indicating significant discomfort." Of course, even if he could outsmart all of humankind, he couldn’t fool an A.I. he’d created who constantly monitored his vital signs.
               "Thanks for the newsflash, glad to hear your sensors are working splendidly."
               With a few strokes on the keypad, the door fell open and Tony took a careful step inside. The only thing in these quarters which he hadn’t bought remained an old framed photograph of Steve and Bucky in their uniforms.
               It was fascinating how such a kind, friendly, and open face could warp with determination and anger. As he stared at the photo, Tony's world shrunk down to the seconds when that same smiling person had pinned him to the cold ground, eyes hard as he raised the shield for a final blow. Only a week ago, Tony would have sworn Steve Rogers would never harm him. And yet just few days before, Tony had been in mortal danger from the man he had trusted most. It was like Obadiah all over again.
               For the first time, Tony had stood against Captain America, and in that moment, he had known the superhero would kill him. The man had worn the same face as his friend, Steve, but had been steadily pressing onto the glass of the already damaged arc reactor, and Tony had known these were his last seconds.
               "Should I inform the doctor about your condition?"
               "No." Tony shook himself and placed the letter next to the picture frame. No matter how much time passed, he still saw Steve's face in his dreams, killing him, lying to him, betraying him. Worst of all was that even after everything they had gone through, their years as both teammates and friends, when Tony had most needed Steve’s friendship and trust, Steve had chosen the Winter Soldier over Tony, had cared more for the murderer of Tony's parents than their son.
              "I'm leaving now," Tony informed FRIDAY, needlessly. The words were more to reaffirm his decision to separate himself entirely from the former Avengers.
               The fact that Steve Rogers had given up everything for the safety of a mass murderer was the main problem Tony couldn't forgive. He understood Steve’s desperate need to protect his friend and try to keep him safe. Tony would burn the world to protect his friends too, but the Winter Soldier had killed his parents.
               What was so wrong with Anthony Edward Stark that the people he cared for always ended up trying to kill him? What was so unlovable about him that they always either left him alone or chose someone else? He knew his intelligence intimidated others, that his confidence in his abilities was often seen as arrogance, that he could be abrasive, and that his near-constant talking could be annoying, but did he really deserve this permanent cycle of abandonment and betrayal?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fix-It
Angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Slow Burn
First Kiss

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

