Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)"I'm sorry, sir," Steve said flatly, sounding like he really didn't care at all. "I can't join your Avenger Initiative.""Why not, Captain Rogers? America needs you." Fury leaned close, giving Steve the full heat of his one-eyed glare. "The world needs you."Steve shrugged and went back to idly pounding a punching bag. "I'm not Captain America any more. I wouldn't be any more use to you than any other big Alpha.""That's nonsense. I've read the reports, seen the newsreels."Steve gave Fury a twitch of his lips that couldn't be mistaken for a smile. "Did you hear who motivated me on my first mission? Who was at my side for all of them except the last?" Steve punched the bag a little harder."Your friend, Sergeant Barnes?" Fury said, with an expression of slowly dawning understanding."Yeah. My friend. Bucky was my Omega. He's dead. We were bonded in every way except officially. The government didn't allow bonded pairs on missions together. It was supposed to be too distracting.""The law's been changed.""Yeah. Too late for Bucky." Steve kept up a steady, emotionless, flurry of blows. "Would have been nice not to hide.""And you're angry at the government's actions then and taking it out on us now?""I'm not angry. That's the point. You're a Beta, Mr. Fury, you just... have no idea. I'm the ultimate Alpha. All my instincts are to fight, to protect, to defend.""That's what we want."Steve stopped punching and looked at Fury fully. "Bucky died. I failed to protect him. He was damn near my perfect match, and with him gone... well, frankly, Mr. Fury, I don't care if the whole world burns, and me with it."Fury frowned. "It's that bad.""Yeah. You know, the only reason I haven't taken a long walk off a short pier? I don't actually care enough to end it.""There are drugs to ease bond-loss.""Drugs don't work on me.""Isn't there anything we can do to get you back in the game?""Oh, sure. Bring Bucky back from the dead." Steve sat down on a bench and began unwrapping his hands."I'll... see what we can do about that.""Sure." Steve didn't look up from his hands.

***
"You are fucking kidding me, right?" Fury looked at the dossier playing on his monitor."I wish I was, Director," Coulson said, with a sigh. "First we went through all the unbonded Omega agents, then all the unbonded Omegas who worked in any capacity at all for SHIELD, then we searched the databases of every allied covert organization, peacekeeping force, both military and civil, and that's the best match. Better, in fact, than Sergeant Barnes, according to the tests we've run on Captain America. The consultant is the only one both able to be of use on Avenger missions, and able to bond with Captain Rogers.""Why couldn't you have been a match for the Captain, Coulson?"Coulson sighed again. "Life's just unfair that way, sir.""Don't get philosophical with me." Fury took a deep breath. "Fine. Fuck it. We need Rogers. We may even need him this badly."

***
"Wait? What? Now I'm good enough to be a member because you think your defrosted super soldier needs a snuggle bunny in order to get it up? His morale, that is." Tony Stark shook his head. "You're not really selling me on the idea here. A permanent bond with a Neanderthal, literally, a man from the ice ages? I've got prospects!""Do you? Do you really?" Fury pushed another folder in front of Tony. "Agent Romanov says otherwise.""What? That's..." Tony opened the folder and his jaw muscle jumped in anger. "This is bull.""You damn near died of palladium poisoning. The damage done to certain organs is irreversible. Maybe someone wouldn't mind bonding with a sterile Omega, after all, people can adopt. But how many dates have you had since the poisoning? Your scent's changed. Even I can smell it, under all that expensive cologne. You can't attract anyone on the primal level any longer. You have to rely on your personality, god help you.""What if I don't ever want to be bonded? Why should I? Why would I want to be saddled with a bossy Alpha interfering with how I live my life?""Because you're pretty fucking miserable, and Ms. Potts is dating your chauffeur and soon you won't even have a pretend relationship with her."Tony's eyes narrowed. "Luckily for you, Captain Rogers is attracted to smart-mouth, arrogant, flashy brunets. And he even will like, after he gets used to the idea, your worse qualities.""Or try to beat them out of me."Fury shook his head. "I don't think even Captain Rogers could do that." Fury opened another folder, and slid across an eight-by-ten glossy of Steve, stripped to the waist, and pounding on a weight bag. "Here, little Omega, have some candy."Tony glanced at the photo. "Still not buying it." But his pupils were dilated wide and dark with interest. "I'm not t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Threesome - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bonding
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Angst
Temporary Character Death
Rare Pairings
Some Pairings left as surprises
Bond infidelity
Marital cheating
Steve and Bucky are mean to Tony
Tony puts up with it
Tony has no pride when it comes to Steve
Steve's hormones make him a stinker
Tony thinks it's all worth it in the end
Additional relationships not tagged- do not read if you only want Stony or Rocky fic
Some readers hate the end so maybe you want to read the end note first
Some readers love the fic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Threesome - Relationship

