Work Text:
To say shit had hit the fan with the whole Project Insight debacle would have been the understatement of the century, in Tony’s opinion, but that didn’t make it any less accurate a description.Besides the figurative fall of SHIELD, there was also the literal fall of three entire helicarriers into the Potomac to deal with, as well as Natasha’s SHIELD info dump and, oh yeah, Steve’s assumed-dead best friend being very not-dead, and a HYDRA assassin to boot.It’s the last two things specifically, though, that make Tony realize just how big a shitstorm they were dealing with. Because while he knew things with HYDRA were bad, he hadn’t realized how bad - not until he opens a file on the Winter Soldier, and sees James - his James - staring back at him.He’s with Pepper and Bruce at the time, and they don’t understand why he goes white as a sheet, or why he runs to the nearest toilet and throws up. And he can’t explain it, not really, because how is he supposed to explain that James Buchanan Barnes - war hero, Steve’s childhood friend, the brainwashed fist of HYDRA - also happens to be Tony’s college sweetheart?The answer is he can’t - not without opening a whole new can of worms - so he doesn’t. Instead, he keeps looking at the pictures and reading the files, feeling sicker and more horrified with every new detail. James had been Tony’s first love, his first real relationship, his everything, at one point in Tony’s life. To know that all of this had happened to him - had been happening to him, back when Tony had known him - makes Tony’s stomach roil in guilt and horror.He throws everything he has into helping Steve find Bucky. He can tell the others are confused by his obsession, but Steve is both too polite and too grateful for the help to say anything.Even so, Bucky is a highly-trained assassin who doesn’t want to be found. It’s six months before they get any solid leads, and two more before one of those leads turns into an actual sighting and a location.Tony offers to go, but Steve turns him down, saying it would be best if they stuck to people Bucky might recognize, like himself and Natasha. Tony agrees, even if a tiny voice in the back of his head wants to argue. He’s read the files on the mind-wipe; if Bucky couldn’t remember Steve - a man he’d grown up with, and who hadn’t aged a day - than he definitely wouldn’t recognize Tony, a boy he’d known for only a few months, and now thirty years older.So Steve and Nat take off, and Tony doesn’t hear from them for six weeks. He drives himself crazy in that time - drives Pepper crazy, for sure, since she still doesn’t know why he’s so upset - and considers going after them anyway, but, somehow, he holds himself back.When he finally gets a text from Steve, he nearly cries in relief.
We found him.
 
 Despite Steve’s assurances that Bucky knows who he is and is no longer a danger to anyone, he still doesn’t want to bring Bucky around to the tower.“I don’t know if he can handle it just yet,” he tells Tony over the phone, sounding tired and weary. “He’s still… he remembers me, mostly. From before. He’s okay with me. And he recognizes Nat, from the bridge. He’s not really okay with her, actually, but she’s still… familiar. A known threat, I guess. But if we throw too many people at him at once…” He sighs, which comes out as static on Tony’s end, and gives Tony a moment to feel insulted that Steve is using some sub-par phone with crappy speakers instead of a StarkPhone.“Tell me what you need,” Tony says, swallowing a plethora of mixed emotions and mentally adding ‘new phone’ to the top of the list.He sets a place up for them in New York - partially so Steve and Natasha will be closer to home, and partially because Steve thinks the city might help with Bucky’s memory - and makes sure it’s as discrete and secure as possible.They figure Sam’s background working at the VA might be helpful with Bucky’s recovery, so he joins them after the first few weeks, trading places with Natasha. Steve says Bucky is immediately more relaxed, though whether it’s due to Sam’s more easy-going personality or because he simply couldn’t bring himself to let his guard down around Natasha, Steve doesn’t know.“Probably a little of both,” Natasha says when Tony tells her what Steve said. She doesn’t seem all that upset about it, though, and when Tony points that out, she shrugs. “I don’t blame him - I didn’t let my guard down around him, either, which was probably setting him off even more.” She sighs, then, showing wariness for the first time since the whole ordeal had started. “It’s one of the reasons we couldn’t bring him here - he still can’t be around people without assessing their threat level, and the tower is filled with people who are nothing but threats. Steve thinks he just has to get used to us, but it’s going to be a long time before he can be around people. Especially people like us.”Tony doesn’t know what to say to that, so he offers her a drink, which she accepts.Truth be tol
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Avengers Team
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
winteriron
imagine tony and bucky
Tumblr Prompt
Prompt Fill
Underage - Freeform
But no underage sex
Underage Kissing
Past Underage
Past Relationship(s)
Young Love
Older Man/Younger Man
Age Difference
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Teen Romance
teen tony
young Tony
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Poor Tony
Poor Bucky Barnes
Protectiveness
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Rhodey
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Returns
Bucky Barnes Remembers
POV Alternating
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Bucky Barnes Friendship
Getting Together
Getting Back Together
Getting to Know Each Other
Pining
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Avengers Team
Minor Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

