Chapter 1: The stars, the moon, they have all been blown out
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

One Month Along
There were consequences. Tony might have thought it funny if it happened to anyone else, but as it was, the situation was everything except funny. It was disastrous, and alarming, and a downright tragedy. Tony mostly spent his time helping Rhodey and keeping Spider-Man’s identity quiet when he wasn’t stalling with Ross or trying his hardest at fixing everything. When Steve’s letter arrived, he almost burned it without reading it. The phone he threw against the nearest wall and then he let Dum-E pick up all the pieces and add them into the trash. Then, Tony buried himself in research. He managed a call to Pepper to beg for help and he wasn’t surprised when she showed up at the Avenger compound a mere hour later. “This is a PR nightmare,” she said after kissing his cheek, “I don’t know how you get yourself into these messes.”Tony managed a laugh. “There’s so much, so much, that you don’t know, Pep.”Pepper reached for his hand and her small delicate fingers held on tight. “I’m so sorry, Tony,” she said, “I know what he meant to you.”“Yeah, well, his loss,” Tony said, “really it was bound to happen. I’m a manic genius who can barely be relied on and he was always still in love with his Bucky.”Pepper gasped. “You don’t think they were together,” she said.Tony shrugged his shoulders. He was so tired. “Does it matter?” he asked, “it doesn’t change things.”The betrayal settled on his shoulders like an added weight that Tony didn’t need to carry around with him. He hated how broken he’d been left. His mind couldn’t bury the images of that last fight. Steve standing over him with the shield, the shield cracking his reactor. Tony gasped for breath. Pepper wrapped her arms around him. It would have been easier if Tony just stayed with her and if could have loved her the way that she needed to be loved. “I’m sorry,” Tony whispered. “Nothing to be sorry for,” Pepper answered, “now, Mr. Stark, how can I help?”Tony tried to laugh, but settled for a smile. “Well,” he said, “what do my lawyers say? What can we do about the Accords?”It was all business from there, Pepper even pulling his team of lawyers into a video call to make things easier. Tony would always appreciate Pepper. He wished he had called her earlier but she had been busy and things had just gone from bad to worse in the span of hours. By the end, they had a start.“It’s something we can fight,” Pepper assured him as they walked towards the kitchen, “it comes from the UN not the United States Government so there’s no reason for Ross to be in charge of it. Actually, I don’t understand his involvement.”Tony hadn’t thought about it. He’d been too scared because he’d gotten a glimpse at what might have been put on them instead by the U.S government specially since the ATCU had been formed. All the stuff with the Inhumans and whatever else Coulson and his agents were in the middle of had pointed at things not looking well for them. They hadn’t been looking well before Wanda’s accident in Lagos, but that had made it pressing. Then, of course was the guilt. Tony didn’t know if it came with his PTSD or whatever other mental ailments he was collecting, but he was afraid and he felt responsible and guilty and ultimately so torn because he needed to protect people – he needed to protect Earth. But there was always collateral damage and having someone present that to him with a name and picture. A young promising boy. It hurt. They needed a better system.“Tony, you can do this,” Pepper assured him, “first off getting the charges dropped on your team mates. The law cannot work this way, taking people and putting them away without trial. Ross cannot do that, no matter what someone is capable of.”“Thanks, Pep,” Tony said, “what about Steve and Bucky?”Pepper pursed her lips. “I don’t know,” she said, “Bucky has killed too many people to go free. Not unless there is a guarantee that he won’t go back to being The Winter Soldier and we know someone can get him to turn. Steve was helping him, he obstructed the law, he ran. The others – well, we can say they were following orders. Something will work but for Steve, I don’t know.”Tony nodded. He knew. Of course he knew, because Steve had gone too far. If he had only been willing to listen and to let Tony try and salvage the situation and more importantly the perception that everyone had of them. The Accords didn’t matter. Tony didn’t regret signing them, and he still thought there was a merit to them, but more important was what the world thought of The Avengers. If everyone hated and feared them, then it didn’t matter how much they were in the right. Tony knew better than anyone that there was a balance to play and that for some the numbers didn’t matter. The comparison between lives saved and lives lost didn’t matter if the public was determined to hate and fear t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Civil War
CACW reaction
Mpreg
Stony - Freeform
CACW fix it
Fix It Fic

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

