Chapter 1: Battle of New York
    


Summary:

“Lieutenant, I need you to rendezvous downtown!” Captain Roger’s muffled voice came through your earpiece, bringing you back to the present, “I repeat: rendezvous downtown!”“Affirmative,” you said steadily, forcing your hands to stop shaking and adjust your comm, “I’m on my way.”



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



There are no ex-soldiers. Our title is earned, never given, and what's earned is yours forever.
Another chariot buzzed over your head with a dangerous drone as you took a deep breath and began to exhale. You gently squeezed the trigger and the rifle kicked back into your shoulder.Your bullet hit its mark: the head of a Chitauri invader.You scoffed, pulling back the bolt with a snap. A casing launched itself from the rifle before you shoved the bolt back forward with a sharp click and you settled back into your position.“Another one down, Captain. Locked, loaded, and ready for another,” you said slowly and methodically into your headset as you eyed your next target.“Thanks, Lieutenant,” Captain America’s voice rang through your ears, sounding slightly strained, “Keep ‘em off our backs.”“Affirmative, Captain,” you muttered, flinching as a chariot swooped over your head. You took no time in aiming and firing. A smirk found itself on your lips as you ducked out of the way of incoming debris. Heat wafted over the parapet as you rolled onto the roof, pressing your body against the stone roof. Orange flames licked over the side of the building, threatening to sink their teeth into you before they retreated.You popped back over the side of the building, resetting your rifle and looking down at the city below. You were more than outnumbered. Aliens filed out of a dark portal that swirled in the sky, streaming down in swarms like hornets.A low growl warped its way through your throat, “Agent Barton, what’s your status?”“I’m good,” he called from the building half a block down from you. You glanced over to him as he loosed another arrow. It whizzed into an Alien, throwing it from its chariot to the ground below, all while Barton continued firing.He reached back to his quiver before freezing, finding a single arrow left. Barton’s nose crinkled in irritation, rolling his eyes as he twirled the arrow through his fingers and his eyes flicked across the sky. As his gaze shot across the horizon, he failed to notice the Chitauri that crept up behind him from the fire escape.But you did.“Barton!” You barked, whipping around with your rife, “Watch your six!”He snapped around, attempting to nock his final arrow before the creature got to him. Barton realized halfway through his draw that he was too late. He loosed the arrow anyway, in a failed attempt to distract it as he threw himself at the thing.The alien leaped back at him with a shriek and the two found themselves in a dangerous round of hand-to-hand combat. Barton did his best to keep up with it, but as it edged him to the side of the building he realized he was overpowered.“A little help here, (L/N),” he said, grunting as he used his bow to shield himself from a hit.You dove across the building, sliding across the stone on your stomach as you found the two through your scope. They were continuously moving in and out of your sights but as they neared the edge of the building, Baton finally held the creature steady.“A little to the left,” you growled, your finger resting precariously on the trigger.Clint flinched backward, barely able to move before the bullet pierced through the alien’s armor and it crumpled to the ground.“Cutting is close,” he said, rubbing the back of his head and taking a glance at his fingertips, making sure you hadn’t nicked him.“You’re welcome,” you scoffed, rolling to your feet and returning streetside, “Get to ground level and get some ammo.”Clint chuckled, shaking his head before climbing off the building and you looked back to the skies.As you did, Stark shot past you with two Chitauri on his tail. You didn’t even bother laying back into prone, or pausing as you walked back to your nest. Instead, you fired off two brief shots and watched as the two aliens plummeted to the ground, “Stark. You got a lot of tails.”“Just try and keep them off the streets,” Stark said, streaking past you again.“Well,” you started, pausing as you took out a couple stragglers that were following him, “They can't bank worth a shit.”“Find a tight corner,” Clint finished for you from the streets below.“I will roger that,” Stark replied calmly as he flashed down the block, “Good call, kids.”Even as he worked to distract them and gather more tails, there were still some that crawled down the buildings to the streets.“Captain Rogers, Agent Romanoff, you have more headed your way,” you warned, kneeling back onto the parapet, the barrel of your rifle hanging over the edge of the building.You watched as the two did a maneuver together. The redhead used a car as a st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Soldier!Reader
The Avengers (2012) Spoilers
Flashbacks
Sniper!Reader
Brainwashing
Night Terrors
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-MCU
Slow Burn
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Badass!Reader
Badass reader is badass
Slow Build
Slow Romance
Marvel Universe
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Avenger Reader (Marvel)
Reader-Insert
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
like really slow burn
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Character Death
Original Character(s)
Original Character Death(s)
Eventual Smut
oh wow look at that after 65 chapters...theres the smut tag

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

