Work Text:
Tony’s prototype for a more efficient repulsor proved somewhat less brilliantly conceived than he’d first expected.  He poked and prodded at the design specs, but the memory of a rough voice and rougher hands kept derailing his train of thought.  How he was ever going to get any work done with the temptation of Steve Rogers within a fifty mile radius he had no idea.
He opened his mouth to tell JARVIS to dial Steve’s number, but closed it again, determined to solve this one problem before giving in.  He swiped the holographic blueprint, shifting one of the circuits and swapping in a larger power conduit, and then spun the thing to look at it from all sides.  No.  That was no help at all.
“Call for you from Captain Rogers, Sir,” JARVIS announced.
Tony felt blood rush south just at that.  Screw it—there was no reason he had to get a damn thing done today.  “Put him through.”
“Hey,” Steve’s voice emanated from the nearest speaker.
“Hey yourself.  To what do I owe the pleasure?”  As if he didn’t know.  Or, at least, have some very specific hopes.
“I, uh, I just wanted to see how you’re doing?”
“How I’m doing in the sense of am I still sore from the way you fucked me day before yesterday?  Or in the sense of can you come up and fuck me again today?”
“Jesus, Tony.”  Steve’s tone was suddenly thick with desire in a way that went straight to Tony’s cock.  “Both?”
“Yes.  And God yes.  Actually I’ve got something to show you.”
“When should I—“
“Now?  Does now work for you?”
“Yeah,” Steve breathed.
“Get up here, then.”
Tony stood and stretched, glancing down at his grease-stained undershirt and beat-up jeans.  Steve might not approve.  Then again, if Steve didn’t approve of what he was wearing, Tony was pretty sure they’d come up with an effective solution for the problem.
Tony had barely made it to his front hall when the elevator door opened and Steve stepped out, his white t-shirt tight over his incredible arms and a distinct bulge in his usual khakis.
Steve’s eyes as they raked up and down over Tony’s body held such a proprietary gleam that for an instant Tony was tempted to drop to his knees.  He’d never been particularly interested in the voluntary obedience side of BDSM, but for that look he could make an exception.
He swallowed hard.  Today he had other plans.  “C’mon,” he said, and ducked through the door to his private rooms.  Steve followed him into his bedroom, and looked around curiously.
“I’ve never seen your bedroom before,” he noted, sounding surprised to realize it.
Tony shrugged.  “It’s a bedroom.  The interesting part is over here.”  He pressed a thumb into a panel in the wall, and an unobtrusive door slid open to reveal a small walk in closet.
Tony gestured for Steve to precede him.
“This is what you wanted to— oh.”  Steve’s eyes lit on the double row of displays: plugs, whips, restraints, and other toys, each nestled in its own designated holder above the drawers that lined both sides of the closet.
“Right.  ‘Oh.’  I thought you might enjoy my collection.”
“Hell, Tony.”  Steve still hovered near the door, and his eyes landed on the first display.  He reached out a hand towards a set of handcuffs, but pulled it back.  “Can I touch—?”
“Be my guest.  In fact—“  Tony pressed his thumb to the panel again.  “Transfer exclusive voice control to Rogers, Steven.  Safeword: cantaloupe.”
Steve looked back at him, his expression a touch confused, but with a glint in his eyes that suggested that he had some idea of what Tony had done.  “What was that?”
“A number of my toys are voice operated.  By you, now.  Just you.”
“Unless you use your safeword?”
“You’re catching on.”
He picked up the handcuffs and examined them.  They were smooth, without any visible locking mechanism.  “Open?” he tried, and the handcuffs swung open with a little click.  Steve sucked in a breath.
“Tell me if there’s anything you’d like to know about any of this,” Tony urged.
Steve slipped the handcuffs into his pocket.  “Do you— What do you like?”
“This is my collection.  There isn’t anything here I don’t enjoy at least sometimes.  My favorites are on display.  The rest are in the drawers.”
Steve took a step into the closet and looked around again, without immediately picking up anything else.  “This is— Wow.  I don’t even know what half of this stuff is.”
Tony stepped in after him, the better to see what he was looking at.  “I’ll tell you.  Or we can start slow.  We don’t have to use toys at all if you don’t want.”
Steve turned back to him and reached down to run a finger over the bulge in Tony’s jeans.  Tony shivered.  “It turns you on, showing this stuff to me, doesn’t it?”
“Yes.”
“You like to imagine me using them on you?”  Steve’s eyes stayed focused on Tony’s face while his hand moved firmly over Tony’s cock, and it was everything Tony could do to answer.
“Yes.”
“All of them?”
“Anything you want.”
“And if I want you naked, right now?”
Tony was tempted to tell Steve to make him do it, or to rip his clothes off for him.  But S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP
BDSM
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Dirty Talk
Sex Toys
Cock Rings
Rough Sex
Steve's getting the hang of topping

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

