Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Never have I ever…fucked somebody with a strap-on.”
Of course it’s Clint’s suggestion. Darcy glances around the group curled up on the sofas, expecting everyone’s beers to remain firmly on the table. Instead, Natasha raises her bottle to her mouth with a coolly raised eyebrow.
Maria follows suit.
“Holy fuck,” Clint whispers, and everyone bursts into giggles. The two women exchange a high five.
“Wait, I have a question,” Tony butts in, his mouth only just able to keep up with his thoughts. “Does this mean you each own a strap-on? Who was the ‘somebody’? Male or female? Both?”
Nat interrupts the barrage of questions. “Wait your turn.”
“Was it each other?” he persists.
“Alright, you’ve forfeited your next go,” Maria decides, and ignores Tony’s protests. “Jane?”
Jane chews at her lip thoughtfully. They’ve already covered the basics: giving oral sex, threesomes, anal, doing it al fresco—and the strap-on suggestion was the beginning of scraping the barrel. Darcy’s taken relatively few drinks, learned that Vision and Wanda’s sex life is way kinkier than she needed to know, and even the good captain has outpaced her.

“What? I toured with showgirls for months. They’re relentless!”

“Uh…” Jane muses. “I have never received oral sex?” Everyone grumbles and takes a sip. Well, everyone except Darcy.
They all turn to stare at her.
“Did you not hear her, Darce?” Nat asks.
“No, I heard,” she says, fiddling with the label on her bottle, and pretending not to notice the incredulous looks they’re all exchanging. This is why she hates games like this: people get so judgey about stuff. She’s only here to make sure Jane doesn’t wander off and attempt drunk!Science. 
Oh, and because she was meant to be hanging out with Bucky tonight, before team drinking games made their way onto the agenda. Bucky, who isn’t even affected by alcohol but went along with the games. Now, when she glances up at him, his brow is furrowed, and he’s staring at her very intently. But Bucky’s expressions are always inscrutable to her, so she chalks it up to the same disbelief as anyone else.
“Are you saying no one’s ever gone down on you?” Jane asks with something faintly resembling horror. Darcy tears her gaze away from Bucky, feeling her cheeks heat up, and takes a swig of beer while she nods. 
“Wait, is that drink a belated admission?” Tony chirps up. “Because—” Nat clamps a hand over his mouth before he can say anything else.
“What is wrong with people?” Jane continues. “Guys have let you go down on them but not reciprocated? I’m telling Thor, he’ll track them down and—”
“Janie, no—”
“Some people have no manners,” Maria says. “You gotta demand what you want or they’ll take advantage.”
“Never have I ever,” Steve loudly interrupts, “got caught with my hands down my pants.”
Darcy throws him a grateful look for moving the discussion along. There are a few drinkers, including Bucky, who still appears to be staring in Darcy’s direction. She tries her best to ignore his scrutiny, and quietly ducks out for a refill of beer. Only, instead of heading to the bar area, she slips back to her quarters.
That was enough humiliation for one night.

The next evening, she’s fussing with her hair in the bathroom mirror, regretting the new conditioner which leaves her curls fluffier than she’d like. The fluff looks a hell of a lot like frizz, despite how soft it is, but it’s too late to do anything now. She’s meant to be meeting Bucky in the cinema room in ten minutes, to watch one of the movies from his list, and she doesn’t know why she’s bothering because Bucky is the last person to notice her hair.
That’s a lie. She does know. She wants him to notice.
She’s become Bucky’s go-to companion for anything pop culture related—TV shows, music, movies and even food, with their recent forays out to try cuisines he’s never had before—because she’s more useful than Steve, and less impatient with him than most of the team. She’s fine with filling the silence for the both of them when he’s at his most monosyllabic. Steve joined them at the beginning, before dropping out more and more often, so it’s been just the two of them for a while. And so far, Bucky hasn’t noticed her spiraling crush.
She intends to keep it that way, though she knows tonight she’ll struggle to control her mortification over him knowing more about her sexual history than she ever wanted him to know.
There’s a knock at the door, interrupting her fidgeting. She frowns up at the ceiling. “Friday, who is that?” Darcy’s never sure why she directs her interactions with the AI upwards, but it’s a habit she struggles to break.
“Sergeant Barnes,” the AI replies, and Darcy’s frown deepens. They always meet at their destination, so him coming here can’t be good news. He’s probably canceling tonight—figured out from her blushes and coy glances last night that she likes him more than she should, or realized that he probably needs someone with a little more ‘life experience’ to guide her through
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

