Work Text:
The first time Kate Bishop met Clint Barton (well, the first time as far as she knew; in their line of work these things weren’t always certain), he attacked her in the middle of a romantic carriage ride in Central Park to see how good her reflexes were. Kate had been kind of relieved, actually; given how the date had been going, the surprise ninja attack had actually made it less awkward.
This encounter set the tone between Kate and Clint for... a while.
Kate was a little wary of him at first—she'd always been a firm believer in never ever meeting your heroes, and their early encounters with Cap and Iron Man hadn't really done much to dissuade her—but she got over it. It was pretty obvious pretty quickly that Clint was just... a good guy. Not, like, Captain America shiny-beacon good (though he had his moments) but a more worn-in, everyday kind of virtue. Clint was the kind of guy that took people as they were, not based on their reputations or what other people said about them (which honestly probably explained why he and Tony Stark got along) but on his own observations and judgement. He was the kind of guy who noticed little things that people needed and unobtrusively helped them get them. He was the kind of guy that would help a person move, even if their building didn't have an elevator and it was raining that day. So yeah, Kate liked Clint, because even though she was a superhero now and friends with superheroes, she just plain didn't have enough of those kinds of guys in her life.
It also helped that she knew her father would hate him. Hey, she never claimed to be the mature one.
She hadn't been quite as certain why he liked her. On good days she'd been pretty sure that he just enjoyed hanging out with someone who could meet him as an equal on the field of sarcasm and would appreciate archery shop-talk. On bad days, she'd tended to think about the fact that lots of guys would be pretty happy to hang out with a rich, barely-legal girl who had, admittedly, maybe a lingering touch of hero-worship going on. 
The first time he introduced her to one of the other Avengers—to the Black Widow!—with a casual and completely sincere "this is Kate, she's the best damn bowman I've ever seen," well. She'd been... really surprised at how much she apparently cared what he thought of her. Clint was the first person—definitely the first person who knew shit about the subject—who had ever complimented her archery skill without qualifying it. Best of her age, sure. Best woman; best female; sometimes, infuriatingly, she’s good for a girl; but never such a simple, unadorned statement. She even kind of loved that Clint insisted on calling her a "bowman," even though normally Kate was all about gender-neutral terminology. 
She was a little intimidated by Natasha—okay, she was very intimidated by Natasha—but Natasha actually seemed to be going out of her way to be friendly, in her own Natasha-like-way. She offered to give Kate some hand-to-hand training, anyway, which Kate accepted like a shot, because... Black Widow. After Natasha had comprehensively kicked her ass every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon for a couple of months, she started inviting her up for Avengers Pizza Night when they were done sometimes, which Kate suspected was pretty much like any other person braiding her hair and declaring that they were sisters.
What solidified it was one night in June, a few weeks after the giant clusterfuck that had killed her best friend. With Tommy and Eli both unavailable, Billy and Teddy were the only Young Avengers left besides Kate; even though they were mainly preoccupied with each other, being with them still helped a little. She had taken to spending a night every week or two eating Chinese takeout at the Kaplans’ and letting Billy’s mom fuss over her. (Billy’s mom did that a lot, and in certain moods Kate found it really comforting, even if it meant she felt duty-bound to go to Mrs. Kaplan’s PFLAG meetings with her in return).  
They’d been halfway through their lo mein when Natasha had texted her to come to Clint’s place ASAP. She’d have gone anyway, because Natasha, but the summons was highly unusual and Kate was both cautious and worried.
When she got there, Clint and Natasha were on the couch, surrounded by liquor bottles in various stages of emptiness and a lonely-looking and untouched carton of OJ. Clint was lying with his head in Natasha’s lap and his legs hanging over the arm of the couch, holding a bottle of tequila by the neck.
“Kate!” he greeted her loudly. “Katie-Kate-Kate-Katie-Kate. Join us!” 
She dragged over a footstool and perched in front of the couch. “Soooo,” she said. “I see today’s episode has been brought to us by the letters tequila and the number lots.”
“Nat’s having vodka,” Clint pointed out helpfully. “She’s Russian.”
Natasha lifted a tumbler of clear liquid vaguely in Kate’s direction. 
“We’re drinking today,” Clint said. “You should have a drink! Or, wait. Nat, can she have a drink? 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Kate Bishop & Natasha Romanov
Background Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

freeform: 
Male-Female Friendship
Protectiveness
Protective Kate Bishop
Underage Drinking
Fix-It
Character Death Fix
Women Being Awesome
Hawkguy
Hawkbros
Hawkeyes Gotta Stick Together
Shovel Talk
Breaking and Entering
Grief/Mourning
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Overcompensates Emotionally
MCU/616 Mashup of Doom

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Kate Bishop & Natasha Romanov
Background Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

