Chapter 1: Act
    




Chapter Text

“A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age; he dies of being a man.”

Percival Arland Ussher
 
Tony thinks that the shield coming down upon his arc reactor had been the wake-up call he had needed for a very long time.
He counts months
So many months of his conscious mind being submerged in the comforts of a team, a family, a child’s dream of being surrounded by friends, or people that one can relate to as a brother, or a sister, or that weird uncle or distant second cousin, twice removed. Tony thinks that the only reason he had been snagged hook, line and sinker by the entire goddamn package is because he had known no better than the comforts of cold marble and vast gardens, of summer houses and private jets, of strangers being paid by the thousands to keep an eye one him, to serve him, to cater to his every whim. He knows of a long sixteen seater dining table, where the chairs had always been too big for him, and the smooth oak had always looked endless from where he sits at one end, while the rest of the chairs lining his left and his right remains empty. He understands solitude and maybe, his intelligence had also been his saving grace. His intelligence and need to keep his hands busy, to be constantly inspired to think of ideas that seems so out of reach, to think beyond the stars, had saved him to a point, while eating away at his soul and fueling his anxiety, that without Tony realizing it, had consumed him.
It’s the price to pay, he thinks, growing up in the shadow of Howard Stark. Howard had been involved in some of the greatest things the world has ever seen: being a founding member of SHIELD, and scientist who revolutionized the engineering, weaponry and the business world, being a key scientist in possibly one, if not the only, successful Super Soldier program — Tony had lost count of his father’s successes.
And somewhere along the way, like a child looking at a towering gargantuan hero, Tony had dreamed.
 He had dreamed of humanitarian movements that would make the world a better place.
 His dream had been big, fueled by clean energy, sustainable housing, healthcare that was thorough and cheap and accessible to anyone, of barren wastelands flourishing with green, of droughts replaced with blue that would seem endless to the human eye. He dreamed of making the earth a better place with the help of technology.
 Tony had kept on dreaming because apparently, dreams are the only things that he had now, the only things that rob him of sleep, that slams doors on his face and the bringer of warm comforts and memories of Christmas melodies being played on a grand piano.
 Even after the captivity, after the torture, after barely managing years of palladium poisoning, after burying years of trauma that he should have handled as they had come to him, Tony had kept on dreaming.

But somewhere along the way, his need to constantly not be alone and not just surrounded by images confined to the times when he closes his eyes, his need to be surrounded by people who had been capable of keeping up with him, to be a part of something that represented something greater than himself, to work with the Super Soldier, the infamous Captain America that his never had never stopped talking about, the man that he had grown to dislike and later on hate as a child, if only because he had seemed so great, an icon and a legend.
 It had been every little boy’s dream, to be in the same team as Captain America.

(His father certainly never stopped talking about the Super Soldier.)

And Tony had that.

Captain America, in all his stars and stripes and Old Glory blue, had been nothing more than a distraction.

And nothing had felt more heart shattering, than seeing his friend, or who he thought had been his friend, a man he had grown to love and care about, want to end him with killing intent so palpable, it had felt as cold as the memory of all the empty rooms and endless polished halls of what Tony had remembered as home.

Well.

Unless one is staring at the holographic image of one’s diseased heart and lungs.

The feeling is almost similar, Tony realizes. Knowing that you’re gradually dying and realizing that you are about to die in a second.

Tony realizes then, as he laughs with such bitterness while Friday advises him of the top cardiologist and internists of the world to consult with, that the clichéd saying that a veil is lifted from your eyes when you realize that your clock is ticking, that you do not have a lot of days left under your belt, is actually, absolutely, hilariously true. That when he really sits thinks about his limited time, the phantom feeling of his armor cracking and force of the shield shattering his arc reactor and reverberating all the way past the scars and synthetic they had to use to fill the hole in his chest engulfs him like a tidal wave.

And he’s left with nothing but short breaths and his heart palpating at alarming rates, while his head swim
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Extremis Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Possible Character Death
Non-Linear Narrative
Emotional Baggage
Emotionally Repressed
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
tony stark - Freeform
Not Really Character Death
Not A Fix-It
Not Happy
Angst and Feels
Tony Stark Angst
Not A Happy Ending
WinterIron if you squint hard

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

