Work Text:
The pH strip shows normal levels. Of course.Darcy pulls a face and drops it into a labeled plastic bag. Not that she wants something to be wrong, but honestly. She tips the tested slurry out into the grass, cuts a new soil sample with the little spade from her kit and puts it in a plastic jar, then returns everything to her backpack. You’d think if (alleged) aliens had (allegedly) landed here, something would be out of the ordinary.She knows a “fuck off” job when she sees one. But hey, maybe there’s a bigger one than Site 946. Maybe if they really hate you, they stick you in a subbasement somewhere and give you boxes of field reports to digitize. Seems reasonable--she’s pretty sure the only thing worse than writing a field report would be rewriting it. Darcy straightens up, knocks the dirt off her knees, and surveys the landscape around her. She remembers what her supervisor had told her. This is Site 946. Suspected extraterrestrial contact, 1979. At the time, several pieces of material not naturally found on Earth were removed to SHIELD storage facilities for research and cataloging. Follow-up survey of site to be done annually thereafter. No signs of unusual activity for the past thirty-two evaluations.The “even you can’t fuck this one up, Lewis” was implied.There’re the burned-out remains of a farmhouse about an eighth of a mile away, so she starts hiking that way. (Nothing exciting happened there, either. Just a bunch of drunk teenagers with fireworks back in the late nineties.) At least being in the field means she gets to wear jeans instead of a skirt, she thinks, dodging a huge clump of multiflora. Dress codes are the third worst part of her job. The second is the complete lack of fun and fulfilment. The first is, oh, the way they basically kidnapped her into working for them.After Puente Antiguo, they’d let her go back to Culver with her six credits in hand. You take an internship for an astrophysicist, you slam a moving vehicle into a god, you nearly get incinerated by a mindless furnace on legs, you go back to your polisci degree and graduate cum laude, it’s all good. If it weren’t for the “we know where you live” gag order she’d inferred from Agent No-Shades-in-the-Desert-Sun and friends, she’d’ve had a hell of a drinking story out of the whole thing and not much else, and that would’ve been okay. Then New York got overrun by giant aliens--which she didn’t know about at the time, since she had been on a plane headed to New Zealand. Her “friend” had a sudden extra ticket, and who the hell passes up a chance to see Middle Earth? (So majestic, man.) Except said friend turned out to be a SHIELD plant and she was stuck in the Auckland airport for two weeks while the whole world freaked out and shut down. Later she found out about Jane and Tromsø and Dr. Selvig and the brainwashing and it all made more sense, but at the time? It sucked. Afterward she’d been “hired” by SHIELD, which basically involved Agent Sitwell showing up at her house one day and telling her she was being relocated to New York, giving her twenty-four hours to pack, then assigning her to Agent Jacowski in a nondescript two-story building in Utica and basically abandoning her to her fate. No aliens. No glowy stuff. Just a sterile lab and approximately a million file cabinets.She arrives at the charred and rotting remains of the farmhouse and scrapes a little bit of siding into a containment jar. Thorough. She can be thorough. She will be the best damn follow-up specialist at the Utica branch--just as soon as she can get the threads on the jar to line up with the ones on its lid. She wades through the tall grass, heading towards a big gnarled tree while fighting with the jar.To the day she dies, she will swear the pit came out of nowhere. One minute she’s slogging through weeds, the next her footing is sliding and she feels the sick pull of gravity in her stomach. Darkness, an impact, the inability to breathe, a sensation of surfacing. She gasps and chokes and flails for a minute before she realizes she can stand; it takes another two minutes of panic before she realizes that she’s fallen into a well.She’s fallen into a well.Maybe they’ll fire her now, she thinks, looking up at the circle of light a couple dozen feet above her. For a moment panic crushes down on her, and the breath she pulls in is more like a whimper than anything. No, she tells herself fiercely, stop it. She can do this. Assess, formulate, act--just like the training manual. Assess: she’s in a well. Concrete sides, covered in gunk. Water up to her shoulders. Water temperature is cold. Her next scheduled check-in with Jacowski isn’t until six. Her phone has been drowned to death anyway. Final assessment: she needs to get the hell out of this damn well. Formulate: she might be able to monkey her way out by bracing her legs on each side of the well.Act: do it, Lewis.She heaves herself upward and manages to get the toes of her Converse on the walls before they p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Locked In
Sharing Body Heat
Bad Decisions
SHIELD Agent Darcy Lewis
Community: trope_bingo
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

