Work Text:
Clint shuffled back in his seat, adjusting his hoodie to better hide his face. The waitress buzzed past the table and re-filled his coffee, eyes on the floor. A Submissive, then. He could see the collar peaking out under the high neck of the sweater she wore. Her Dom was probably the owner. He tried to catch her eye but she was already moving on. He glanced out of the window again. Still nothing. It was five minutes until the rendezvous time he’d sent to SHIELD. He needed them to play ball on this. He knew there was every possibility nobody would show. He wasn’t one of their assets, in fact he’d turned them down before, there was no reason for them to jump through hoops for him. He knew he should just have sent a blanket acceptance but, scared as he was (and fuck, it hurt to admit that) he couldn’t do that. Couldn’t let go without terms. He’d given them seventeen hours, sending the messagefrom an internet cafe a few blocks over. They would no doubt trace it but he’d given his location so he didn’t have a problem with them knowing he was in this area. He’d given them a time, his conditions (mostly concerning whom they were going to assign as his Dominant and the condition that he wouldn’t kill kids. He hoped SHIELD wouldn’t ask that of him but it was better to be clear from the start) and a location. He shifted again, stretching his injured leg. It was a stab wound, healing now. He hoped it was healing, anyway. He’d been on the run for months now, he’d gotten careless. He grabbed the newspaper in front of him, flicking through quickly, eyes still on the road. The location he’d given was a dive bar. The place his kind of scum normally went. He’d been in a million bars like it, never gotten anything good out of it. Doms in a place like that, they took one look at his unattached ass and thought they were going to teach him. Like he’d have survived for years after the forced ownership act if he couldn’t take a few Doms in a fight – his very existence a proof that the central notion of the Act, that Submissives by their nature needed someone to care for them at all times so should not be allowed to exist free, was so much bullshit. Of course, he wasn’t in the bar. He knew it was a little immature at this point, when he’d basically agreed to surrender, but he wanted a good look at them before they saw him. It was the only advantage he had left. Across the street, a non-descript silver car pulled up. Clint slumped down in to his seat, pulling his hood further over his eyes. SHIELD. Had to be. It was the kind of car you might see anywhere, popular make and model, almost too normal. Definitely too normal to match the man exiting it. Like the car he was notable for being almost entirely un-noteworthy. Middle-aged, medium height, a bland expression, black suit. He also walked like a Dominant. Clint was the kind of guy who noticed things like that. It was all that had kept him alive so far. Looked like SHIELD was playing by his rules. Which meant this man would be his Dominant. He was going to belong to this man. For the first time since he'd made the decision to go through with this, he really felt like bolting. Like slipping away and letting himself out through the bathroom window. His leg would probably allow that. It was only the thought of how his leg had been injured that kept him from bolting. He’d come too close, he couldn’t keep running and hiding forever. Not like this. They were going to catch him and there were things in the world worse than death. Being owned by this SHIELD agent might turn his stomach but it was still better then what would happen to him if he got caught. He’d once told a whore in a bar in Rino he’d rather die than be owned. He’d been a child then, cocky. Hadn’t realized that there were things a million times worse than death. Besides, he wasn’t ready to die yet, either. Not like this. He watched the Agent. The man scanned the street, pulled out his phone and sent a quick text, then headed for the cafe where Clint was sitting. His stomach dropped. Had he been seen? He couldn’t have been seen. He was still sitting low in his seat, hood up. He’d shaved since last time SHIELD had seen him. There was another option, though, that this man wasn’t the agent. But everything about him screamed government agent. Or, hell, maybe SHIELD had kept Clint under surveillance all this time. Stupid. He was so stupid. He focused on his coffee. Too late to run now. He didn’t look up as the door opened, didn’t try to pick out the agent's footsteps among the foot traffic of the restaurant. Didn’t look up until a folder with the SHIELD logo front and center was very purposefully placed in front of him. “Clint Barton?” the agent asked. He sounded calm, an in-control kind of guy. Clint sighed and looked up, bringing a hand up to push his hood back. “Yep, you found me,” he said with a crooked grin. The agent nodded and slid in the booth, sending a quick hand signal for coffee to the waitress. He took off h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Peril
Hurt/Comfort
loss of body part
Permanent Injury
Collars
Trust
Light Bondage
Feeding

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

