Chapter 1



Summary:

Tyr learned many things about his foster son as the years flew by, becoming decades and then centuries, but several things stood out.One, Loki was a ridiculously powerful mage, and incredibly intelligent besides. His power and the careless ease with which he handled it sent Mimir to Tyr's study more than once, looking for strong drink.





Chapter Text
Tyr learned many things about his foster son as the years flew by, becoming decades and then centuries, but several things stood out.One, Loki was a ridiculously powerful mage, and incredibly intelligent besides. His power and the careless ease with which he handled it sent Mimir to Tyr's study more than once, looking for strong drink.

"Your son," said Mimir, one night in Tyr's study. Their meeting together by the fire for strong drink and conversation had become something of a tradition, over the years. The older man shook his head, filling his glass with fine Alfheim brandy. "Your son."
"Has he done something?""Has he done something." Mimir chuckled, but there was little humor in it, and Tyr frowned at the sound of it. "When has he not?""I would invite you to speak plainly, Seidmadr," said Tyr.Mimir looked up then, and caught the expression on the general's face. "Ah. My apologies. No. He's not in any trouble and has done nothing I would disapprove of.""And yet, you seem troubled," Tyr pressed."It is only the boy's intellect, and the places it takes him," Mimir replied. "I have spoken of it to you before.""You've said he's very smart, yes," said the general, admiring the glow of firelight through his glass; "but I knew that when I adopted him.""With all respect, I daresay you had no way of knowing that Loki has the kind of mind seen only rarely throughout all Yggdrasil." Mimir arched an eyebrow at him."Hm. Perhaps." The corner of Tyr's mouth quirked up in amusement. "Although you've since made sure I knew it, nearly every time we meet." Mimir chuckled into his glass. "Come, what has the boy done this time?"Mimir leaned back into his seat with a sigh. "We were discussing magical theory today, and he asked a question whose answer I assumed he would not be ready for." He shook his head and lifted his glass. "One of these days I shall learn better."

The birds were chirping and swooping overhead as the two seidmenn, master and student, strolled the path toward the kitchen gardens. It was a beautiful day, yet the location served to grant them a fair degree of privacy.
"Illusion magic is easy enough to master, Loki, yes," Mimir was saying, "but controlling multiple illusions…" He shook his head. "You are young yet. Give it time.""But why?" Loki asked the question in that particular way he had, the one that suggested he thought his teachers were being more condescending than he really deserved. He gestured, and before Mimir's eyes, three other identical copies of Loki appeared.They moved independently of one another, one smiling at him, another strolling closer to a flowering patch of herbs and bending as if to smell them. The third tilted its head at Mimir quizzically. "You've said before that illusion is merely the bending of light."The smiling one added, "And light in its various forms is the most cooperative element of them all."Mimir blinked, but managed to school his expression. It was necessary more often than not, with this particular student. "I see," he said. "It is in general not the bending of light which is difficult, but the division of awareness that you must undertake in order to pay equal attention to all of the copies."The copy nearest the herb patch straightened up, wrinkling its nose. "That sounds like the Alfheim hypothesis, is it not, seidmadr?""Indeed. I see you have done your reading on the topic."The smiling copy smiled wider. "I read that over a century ago, seidmadr.""Mm. And what is your opinion, then?"The Loki nearest Mimir, the real one, shrugged. "The Alfheim hypothesis seems… adequate, I suppose? An acceptable way to manage the challenge. But it just felt so complicated, to me, to leave all these empty illusions with no ability to act without the magic-user's direct attention.""Well, yes, that is rather the point—""But why do that, when Mordenkainen's Theory of Disjunction makes it so much simpler?" Another of the copies gestured—at least, Mimir thought it was a copy—and four more Lokis sprang into existence. "The Alfheim hypothesis suggests that there is an upper limit to how many copies can be created and controlled by a magic-user, and," the Loki frowned, "strongly implies that the number is an indicator of the seidmadr's own intelligence. But if you apply the Theory of Disjunction…" Four more copies appeared, and the space began to appear a little crowded. Some of the images remained sitting on the nearby bench or leaning against the tree under which Mimir stood, while others began to meander up the path toward the kitchens, or down it toward the stable entrance."Are you implying that you've given each of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tyr (Marvel)
Loki & Mimir

freeform: 
Vignettes
Short Chapters
Domestic
Slice of Life
Humor
Fluff and Humor

fandom: 
Loki & Tyr (Marvel)
Loki & Mimir

