Work Text:
    Steve first met Tony as he was walking through the hallways of SHIELD Los Angeles.  He’d been far from his best: Just over a week out of the ice and feeling windblown from that morning's history catch-up class with Agent Sitwell. The images Steve had seen in full Technicolor on the screen… the terrible footage of Chitauri devastation. All those lives lost...As Steve continued down the sterile, sleek hallway that seemed to be the fashion these days, he caught a flash of movement in his peripheral vision. A man quickly reversed direction as they passed. Behind, Steve heard him double his pace to catch up.With a resigned sigh, Steve braced himself. Here it comes again. More 'Such an honor to meet you, Captain Rogers.' and 'I grew up hearing your stories, Captain Rogers.’ and ‘You're the reason I joined SHIELD, Captain Rogers.'It was nice. Flattering, even. But Steve had been awake for eight days, and he already felt weighted down by the expectations of the entire world.Things had changed so much in seventy years.  So much death..."I was thinking Mexican. I know a place," said the man as he matched pace with Steve.Steve didn't glance over. Just stared straight ahead -- gaze in a whole other continent, another time. "Pardon?""Carne Asada, grilled beef," the man repeated briskly. "One of the delights of SoCal is you can get authentic Mexican food. It's loaded with carbs, but I hear you're down for that sort of thing. So?""Uh." Steve wasn't aware there had been a question. He finally glanced to the side, and nearly stopped dead.The man wasn't a junior agent as he'd assumed. In fact, Steve’s quick-flash impression was that he was strikingly handsome.He wore a finely cut suit in what had to be the modern style, a tie that stood out proudly purple against the dark three-piece, his brown hair artfully mussed, and aviator glasses tinted red for some reason."Tony Stark," said the man.The name hit Steve like a punch to the chest, and yes, upon second look he realized the man had more than a passing resemblance to Howard.  Horribly, embarrassingly, Steve felt a lump grow in his throat. Yet another friend he'd never see again."Steve Rogers," he said, grasping onto the expected reply like a shield. "It's sure nice to meet you, Mr. Stark, but I'm not sure I'm up for—""Talking about my father?" Stark's smile was as sharp as a knife. "Me neither." Then he cupped a hand under Steve's elbow and started leading him to a rightward exit. "We're doing lunch. My treat. They let you out of here, yes?""I... yes." Steve decided that being driven outside the base for a medical evaluation counted. Besides, he was finished with his history briefing today. Still raw from it, and the pictures of decimated New York, but finished.Fixing his mind on something else might do some good.In any case, Tony Stark didn't seem to care about Steve’s hesitation. With the hand on his elbow, Stark led him down the glass-lit corridors and out to the bright Southern California winter sunshine, as different and alien from Brooklyn as Europe ever was.  **** "Mexican food" turned out to be not at all like Italian, which Steve had first supposed.The tortillas and green 'verde' sauce were... odd, but Steve ate his way through a burrito, a large chili pepper packed with cheese, a tamale which seemed to be meat rolled in sweet corn filling. Stark insisted he try his menudo, but refused to share what it was made from. Either way, it was rich and flavorful.Tony Stark was somewhat of a surprise as well.He was a talker, and although it was terribly rude of Steve, it was easy to simply let him roll on with a mostly one-sided conversation.Steve's mind was in other places, continually drawn back to New York. Wondering, despite how morbid it was, if much at all had survived of his old neighborhood. A wall. A slab of sidewalk. Anything."Were you there?" Steve asked suddenly, looking up from his third plate.Stark stumbled to a halt (Steve thought he'd been speaking of advancements in motorcycle engines, but couldn't be sure). He raised an eyebrow at Steve, so Steve clarified, "In New York, during the Battle of Manhattan. I'm sorry," he added, seeing Stark blink at him from behind red-tinted glasses. "It's... I'm having trouble processing it. The whole island, just... gone."Stark nodded once, then said almost blithely, "I wouldn't be here now if I had been there." As he spoke, set his fork aside as if he weren’t hungry anymore. "The portal opened practically over Stark Tower. It was one of the first buildings to go.""...I'm sorry," Steve said again, feeling like a fool.Stark shrugged and looked distant for a moment before he seemed to shake himself out of it. "I was attending a tech conference in Adelaide -- Australia," he clarified. "Hopped on the first jet back, but it's a long distance even by air. I got to watch the invasion on high def, like the rest of the world." He reached over to twist his glass of water between two fingers, as if he couldn’t stay still.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Canon
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Minor Character Death
Steve Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
villain iron man
OR IS HE
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

