Chapter 1: Eternal Piece of Me
    


Notes:
Check this chapter's end notes for the full, spoiler-ish prompt, and some additional warnings.A huge thank you, and all the virtual hugs to InnerCinema, Finely Honed, and orbingarrow for their moral support, and cheerleading. And to 27dragons, who bravely endured the weirdness that is ABO 'verse to beta the ever living shit out of this story, and has made it at least ten times more enjoyable.Happy reading, everybody!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text


"Giving someone a piece of your soul is better than giving a piece of your heart. Because souls are eternal."
- Helen Boswel

“What the actual fuck?” Tony blurts, incredulous, when the thick steel door slams shut with a resoundingly final clang. “Am I dreaming? No, seriously, is this a dream? A nightmare? What the hell did you drug me with? Because you,” he says, turning away from the where he’s fruitlessly yelling at the ventilation grid to point an accusing finger at the man who’d very unceremoniously been shoved into the room just a moment earlier, “are supposed to be dead.” Stormy grey eyes snap up to Tony’s face, and Tony takes an instinctive step back, shoulders pressing against the cold concrete wall behind him. His sprained ankle screams in protest, and his already wobbly legs threaten to buckle under the renewed surge of pain. Tony curses, and glances down at his feet, shuffling them a little in an attempt to wiggle the metal shackle away from the worst of the swelling. He quickly refocuses his attention on his new cellmate, though, when he hears him take a step closer. Baring his teeth, Tony hisses out a sharp, “Stay back!”To Tony’s surprise, that actually makes the other man hesitate. It won’t last, not with the amount of pheromones Tony’s body is pumping out. He can feel the slick in the cleft of his ass, pooling behind his balls, and dripping down the inside of his thighs, and he knows the man watching him with that unsettling intensity must be able to smell it. Probably would be even if he weren’t an Alpha, or HYDRA’s deadliest assassin. As predicted, the Winter Soldier doesn’t pause for long. He looks back at the door once, then turns to Tony, and starts moving with purpose. Even with the metal arm hanging uselessly at his side, and a bite guard secured over his mouth, he looks fierce, dangerous. Like the predator he is. “Stand down, soldier!” Tony barks, in a last-ditch attempt to, if not prevent, at least delay the inevitable. But his voice comes out shaking, sounding about as scared as he feels, and the Winter Soldier doesn’t falter, keeps advancing steadily. Tony bites the inside of his cheek, and screws his eyes shut. Contrary to popular belief, he isn’t too arrogant to recognise when he’s about to lose, and he’s hopelessly outmatched here. Tony’s seen some of the footage of the destruction the Winter Soldier had caused during Project Insight—including Cap being thrown from one of the Helicarriers—before Iron Man was shot down, and captured as well. He knows exactly what the Winter Soldier is capable of, and Tony doesn’t stand a chance of stopping him.Only, Tony realises after several seconds, there’s no pain. Well, no additional pain to all the parts of him that ache already. Slowly, cautiously, Tony peels one eye back open, yelping when he finds the Winter Soldier looming over him, well into his personal space, but not actually touching Tony. The Winter Soldier’s chest is heaving with laboured breaths, very nearly brushing against Tony’s with every panting exhale, and his flesh and blood hand is braced against the wall next to Tony’s head, trembling hard. But it’s his expression—so incredibly conflicted, almost unsure, verging on vulnerable—that makes Tony bold.“You don’t want to hurt me at all, do you?” he asks in a whisper. The relief when, after a tense few seconds, the Winter Soldier gives a minute shake of his head is nearly overwhelming. “Okay,” Tony says, nodding rapidly, and trying not to latch on to the hope blooming in his chest just yet. “Okay, that’s good. We can work with that, good start. You’re doing great, buddy.”It’s obvious the Winter Soldier doesn’t know what to do with Tony’s nervous rambling, because he just keeps staring, and shaking. Tony regards him for a long moment, then decides to go for the long shot, and tries, “Bucky?”Everyone knows the stories of Captain America and the Howling Commandos, and Tony probably better than most, thanks to Howard. He has grown up hearing about their bravery, their loyalty, their unwavering sense of patriotic duty—and all the ways he himself didn’t measure up—and, of course, the tragic deaths of both Sarge and Cap. Tony knows James Buchanan Barnes died in the Austrian alps in 1945, and he knows, regardless of the sheer impossibility of the situation, that the man he’s looking at right now is the same man who’s supposedly been dead for nearly seven decades. The Winter Soldier flinches
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
POV Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Mating Bites
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Explicit Sexual Content
Unrealistic Sex
Because ABO 'Verse
Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Knotting
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Cuddles
Protective Bucky Barnes
Caring Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes is a Good Alpha
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bad Guys Made Them Do It
(kind of)
Mildly Dubious Consent
(see notes for more detailed warnings)
Happier Than It Sounds
Implied Mpreg
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

