Work Text:

Thursday 9th – 2:46am
 Muddy water splashed up and across the slate-grey footpath as the taxi pulled to the curb, disturbing one of the many stagnant puddles that dotted the asphalt.   The driver turned his gaze to the backseat, illuminated by the glow of the night lights of the city, taking in the slumped posture of his weary customer, he wondered if the man was asleep. Cautiously he spoke, pitching his voice low, “Sir, We’re here.” The blond man looked enquiringly up from his clasped hands, fatigue visible in his steady gaze, clearing a little when the well lit monument out his window registered and he shook his head abruptly to clear the cobwebs before replying, “Oh. Right. Thank you Dave.  Uh, how much?” Dave grinned and waved away the offered cash as he answered, “For you Sir? On the house.” He ignored the expected protests and readily accepted the pleasantly mortified gratitude. He drove off a moment later, watching in the rear view mirror as Captain America slung his duffel over one broad shoulder and disappeared into the shadows at the base of the radiant Stark (Avengers) tower. ***Hitching his duffel further to his left Steve dug his wallet from his pocket, flipped it open and slid the easily located red and gold card from its sleeve. He swiped his personal ‘Stark Tower’ access card, one of only eight of its kind, and replaced both card and wallet as he waited for the afterhour’s security to scan and access his personal data before the glass and steel reinforced doors slid apart swiftly. He moved into the dimly lit lobby, sighing with relief. As the doors snicked closed behind him he stomped his feet against the entrance mat, dislodging the worst of the grit and grime before heading towards the elevators, bypassing the three massive ‘Stark Industries’ elevators in favour of the smaller Chrome elevator to the far  left.   No buttons or lights heralded the arrival of the elevator, the technology so far beyond that it was a laughable comparison. The doors swept open and Steve shuffled in, dropping his bag at his feet as he leaned tiredly against the shiny black wall to toe of his boots, content for now to leave them neatly against the wall. It wasn’t like anyone else was in the tower to be bothered by them, what with Thor in Asgard, Tasha and Clint on Shield Assignment and Bruce still in Colorado after their three day ‘Thank you party’ in which the Avengers had received the Key to the City among other such trivia.    Bruce had actually volunteered to go, trying to garner some good PR for the Hulk – now a hero rather than a monster, and Steve had volunteered because he’s...well,  Captain America.   
 
Tony had downright, adamantly refused to go, stating that he had enough followers and fame and that he’d rather stay and play with his toys.  The others joked about what he could possibly be working on that Tony Stark would brush of a chance to publicly preen, but privately knew that Tony Stark  was just a mask for Tony.
 
Bruce would be home Thursday afternoon/evening and Natasha and Clint sometime Sunday. Thor was unpredictable, but usually he would be back within a week, so up to another 3 days. The three days away had been as long, tedious and boring as Steve had feared, and rather than stay the last free night in their immaculate but dreary hotel, Steve had decided to return to New York, home and Tony.
 
It was nearing 3am, and all he wanted was to kiss his boyfriend and go to sleep, but first he had to find said boyfriend, because Steve was almost sure he wouldn’t be in bed, despite the hour. It had been the only thing he had worried about; leaving Tony alone, but he had eventually figured (and been reassured by Tony) that Tony was a grown man, had lived alone for many years before they had taken over his tower and would be just fine.Besides, Tony wasn’t alone, he had JARVIS. The assurance didn’t stop the niggle of loving worry that ate at him and he placed a hand on the wall, palm flat against the glass and as expected the elevator alit with a self imbued light source as it recognised his bio-signature and his right to access the Stark Tower personal levels. The elevator hummed to life and Steve took a deep, steadying breath and spoke, “JARVIS?” The disembodied voice answered his unspoken question with as much relief as an artificial life form could, “Mr Stark is currently...working, he has slept a total of 56.7 minutes of the past 67 hours, although in no longer increments than 7.4 minutes.  Sir has consumed negative 478% adequate nutrition, his last meal being two bites of an apple approximately 28 hours ago. He has also consumed approximately 14 litres of coffee, although is decidedly sober....” Steve caught his breath between his teeth and all but sighed, “Tony...” The elevator shifted minutely beneath his socked feet as it smoothly began to descend, JARVIS adding, “Welcome home Captain Rogers.”, somehow sounding the electronic inflection of both mockingly sarcastic and eternally gra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Angst
Schmoop
No Sex
Mild Sexual Content
Bathing/Washing
Caretaking
Cuddling & Snuggling
Kissing
Adorable
Tony Feels
Sleep Deprivation
Insomnia
Cute
Sweet
Hot
Protective Steve
POV: Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

