Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It is dawn now, the sun coming up from behind the clouds almost bashfully as the world lightens. Streaks of gold escape the warm glow and slide downwards, gliding into the streets, the alleys, the tops of buildings.
Slowly, the earliest of New York awaken; fishermen take to the docks, a few bus boys from restaurants, bribed by their superiors, wait for the fresh catch of the day and interactions begin.
Blanketed by the warmth of the sun, the buildings of the city seem to glow, a mixture of gold and silver that illuminates the city further.
One such building, a massive obelisk of steel and concrete, stands empty save for the lone figure standing at the window, watching the world awaken.
Light glints off the sign of the building, making 'Asgard Industries' flash like the metal they trade. The onyx words are a stark contrast to the grey building, shining gold now, making it far more intimidating than a building had a right to be. Just like the man currently standing before the window, looking out into the world.
His hair is a mane of gold, falling to his shoulders like a cascade of amber. His build is strong, muscles stretch even as he stands at ease and taut against the fabric of his white shirt. He is tall and, like the building more than he has the right to be, with the figure of a warrior.
Indeed he looks like one at the moment as he contemplates the world below him.
The ginger dawn light that hit him upon the worlds waking is now gold, shining, like the god he appears to be. The only thing that breaks the image is the shocking pink mug in his hands.
Shuffling is heard behind him and he turns, the opened front of his shirt parting with the momentum.
The woman on his couch smiles up at him "Morning..."
She lies in nothing but her dignity and a strategically placed jacket. Her hair is tousled, her lips swollen and, if that wasn't enough evidence of what had transpired here last night, red marks blared on her skin as she moved.
"How long have you been up?" she slurred, twisting around to see the wall clock.
"Never slept" he answers, placing his mug on the desk and walking over to her.
Her greeting smile fell a little when he bent down to gather her clothes from the floor "What are you doing?"
He glanced up at her, observing her through his curtain of striking blonde hair "Picking up your stuff"
She scoffed "You don't have to. I still feel a little" she stretched, putting her body on display for him "energetic"
He sighed "Amora ...."
She fell back, her green eyes looking at him "What?"
He exhaled loudly "I can't...not right now. I have a big day today, a meeting that I have to get to"
Amora rolled her eyes and scoffed, telling him in no uncertain terms that she didn't believe him.
He exhaled and walked over to her "Amora, please. I am not lying"
"But you are not being honest, either" she said, turning away from him
"No, I am!" he said suddenly "I swear. I have to see the designs a few teams made, then I have a meeting with Tony and a few board members. We are discussing what improvements can be made on the titanium UAV's Tony designed. Then I promise I will be free"
She looked at him, still skeptical "You won't leave me hanging?" 
"No, I won't, I promise" he said, his eyes imploring.
She debated a second longer before conceding. Her face melted into a smile and she threw her arms around him.
"Stop with those eyes, you know I can't resist them"
His deep voice rumbled like barely suppressed thunder.
Heedless of her nudity, Amora pulled back "But you will have to make it up to me"
"Make it up to you?" he asked, eyebrows raised
"Yes" she said sternly "take me out to dinner and we shall call it even"
"Dinner?" he asked, thinking it over "very well, where do you want to go?"
"Surprise me!"
She stole a quick kiss off him and yanked her clothes out of his grasp to go to the other side of the room and change.
He stood slowly, turning to watch her.
"Oh no, you don't!" she said, pulling her clothes before her "you don't get to see any of this till I decide you are worthy. Turn around."
Shaking his head, he obeyed and crossed his arms over his chest. He could hear her dressing.
"You know, it's nothing I haven't already seen" he said, rewarding himself with a high heeled shoe hitting his back.
"Hey!" he said, turning "that hurt"
"It was meant to" she said, glaring at him and pulling the strap of her tight dress up "you are no gentleman"
"Aren't I?" he asked, fingers touching his scruffy beard as he slowly walked to her.
She guessed his intent "No way, you are not getting this, Thor!"
She screeched as he simply hoisted her into the air with a hand at her waist and carried her half hearted struggling form to the couch. He held her down and looked into her eyes.
"Apologize"
She giggled, "Never"
Thor smiled and was about to kiss her again when his phone rang.
Amora let out a sound of dismay as he straightened to dig it out of his trousers.
The shrill ringing intensified as he pulled his cell phone ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Balder and Thor
Loki/Svaðilfari
Loki/ Angroboda

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Domestic Violence
Infidelity
Affairs
Non Consensual
Kidnapping
Espionage
Corporate Espionage
Character Death

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor
Frigga/Odin
Balder and Thor
Loki/Svaðilfari
Loki/ Angroboda

