Work Text:
 Bucky’s leaning back on the sofa, looking at his cards and idly chewing his bottom lip. Steve’s a shit liar, so if his boy’s got a good hand, Bucky would be surprised. Usually when Steve starts getting a leg up in poker, he gets all pink in the face and does the most adorable little wiggle of his hips. Fuck, Bucky would find a way for Steve to always win just to see his baby doll move like that.“You know what’d be more fun?” Bucky peeks out from behind his cards, looking at Steve and Thor.Steve just waits, slowly running that wet tongue along his lush red lips. Jesus, if Bucky didn’t know better, he’d honestly believe Steve was actually oblivious to how sinful he looks right now. Rosy cheeks, that shining tongue darting over his mouth, beckoning Bucky’s face closer. But Bucky knows him better than that.“Strip poker.” Bucky waggles his brows, gray eyes shimmering in unspoken challenge. He’s looking right at Thor. Bucky’s a built man, thick thighs, broad shoulders and a bench press that would make Tom Brady hate himself, but Thor– Thor’s a slab of electrifying power packed into a tall, thick lion of a man. Bucky knows how much Steve’s been dying to see if Thor’s big all over or if looks are actually misleading… “Wouldn’t that be fun, baby doll?” He looks to Steve, casually checking in to make sure it really is okay.They’ve been playing around with BDSM since high school– even before they really knew what it was, but that’s no excuse for Bucky to assume new things are okay with Steve. Bucky’s title as Dom has always been and forever will be to take care of Steve in all aspects where Steve can’t take care of himself, and Steve does a shit job of caring for himself. The world’s abused Steve’s selflessness for far too long and now that Bucky’s back– he’s not letting it take Steve’s kindness for granted.Steve blushes, looking over to Thor coyly. “I think it’d be fun. If you want?”Bucky laughs under his breath at the way Thor’s reacting. His hands are pressed to his chest, most likely out of shock. His mouth is dropped open, a strand of hair dances as he breathes heavily.“C’mon,” Bucky taunts. “You’ve got the best body out of all three of us.”“That’s– Well.” Thor’s scrunching up his face. He’s getting so red that his beard is almost turning auburn.“It’s okay,” Steve says, waving a hand. “You’re not into men.” He scoots forward, looking back at his cards again. The hurt on his face makes Bucky whine. He hates seeing his boy dejected. Steve’s pretty good at masking his feelings, but not from Bucky. Bucky can see it in the way his shoulders slump or how Steve sighs a little too deeply out the nose. It doesn’t matter that Steve’s smiling at Thor. Bucky knows he’s disappointed.“Because I was with a woman?” Thor asks, tilting his head. “Weren’t you both with women before?”“Peggy.” Steve nods.“Don’t forget you got all confused and kissed her niece,” Bucky teases, licking his lips. “I was laughing at you.”Steve rolls his eyes, dropping his cards. “I was confused, okay! I didn’t know if you’d wanna– um, you know– back the way things were.”Thor smiles, watching the exchange. Bucky can’t blame him. Steve’s got the cutest little mannerisms when he’s insecure. He tries to make himself all small and ducks that pretty chin that Bucky loves to kiss so much.Bucky scoots back in his chair, motioning to his lap.Steve smiles, moving to curl up in Bucky’s arms. It doesn’t matter how big Steve gets, Bucky’s always able to hold him like a child in the cradle of his arms.“So can we assume you’re not straight?” Bucky asks Thor. He reaches behind Steve’s neck and starts to scratch lightly at the base of his skull.Steve practically purrs in approval.Thor laughs, nodding. “Not straight. I just thought–” he pauses to nod toward the pair. “you both seem so committed.”“We are,” Bucky answers, kissing Steve’s shoulder. “But I like pleasin’ ‘im. Sometimes that means letting someone else play rough.”Thor raises his brows. He shifts in his seat and Bucky knows he’s got the other man hooked.“Steve’s got the prettiest little moans when you give him just a little bit more than he can take. Don’t get me wrong,” he says while kissing up Steve’s neck, “he can take a lot, but after three fingers, a dildo and my dick? He starts getting a little flustered.”“By the gods,” Thor whispers, crossing his legs.Steve twists in Bucky’s arms, wrapping his legs around Bucky’s middle. “I can always take more.” He looks over his shoulder at Thor, licking his lips. “If you wanna try me.”Thor just balks, looking between Bucky’s smug face– so proud of his baby doll– and Steve’s confident little lip biting. “A-and you’re okay with this?”Bucky shrugs, stroking a hand along Steve’s spine. “I don’t mind sharin’ if he’s happy. But you gotta make him happy.”Steve rocks his hips. He’s already hard and there’s a flush of pink against his cheeks that crawls down his throat. He’s looking at Bucky with round gaze so dark with arousal it's as if the universe exploded from th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Threesome - M/M/M
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Rimming
Double Penetration
Crygasms
Multiple Orgasms
Light BDSM
Dom/sub Play
Choking
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Face-Fucking
Manhandling
Spitroasting
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Dom Thor
Top Thor
Deepthroating
Cock Gagging
Cock Slut Steve Rogers
Size Kink
Beefy Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor

