Work Text:
"Okay," Tony says, clapping his hands and then rubbing them together. "I had the best idea. Epic idea, this is going to be epic. Are you listening?"Steve peeks up over the edge of his newspaper but doesn't put it down. Tony saying he has a good idea—much less an 'epic' one—usually means something terrible is about to happen. Bracing himself for the worst, Steve drops his gaze back to the headline in front of him. Because, honestly, it's not like Tony is really talking to him.Steve can’t help himself from looking up from time to time, though. Insane and inappropriate as he is, Tony's hard not to watch, especially when he's excited. He talks with his hands, and his eyes light up, and that little lock of hair keeps falling over his forehead, making Steve want to reach up and brush it away.Which leads him to all kinds of thoughts he shouldn't be having right now."So what do you say? Everybody in? Cap?""Huh?" Steve jerks his head up. Apparently Tony had been talking to him after all?The eyes of everyone on the team are pointed at him, gazes expectant, and oh heck. He rubs the back of his neck nervously. He'd been listening, kind of, but it's hard to pay attention when half of what they're saying doesn't make sense and when Tony is being all…Tony.Tony sighs in exasperation. "Earth to Captain Inattentiveness. Harlem Shake. You, me, the Avengers, ten million or so captivated YouTube viewers?""Uh…Harlem?" In his confusion, Steve can’t help looking at Bruce, remembering that thing he said about…breaking it the last time he was there. He feels bad immediately when Bruce grits his teeth. "Sorry.""No, no," Bruce says. "I promise. No boroughs will be harmed in the making of this…thing."Tony nods. "Right. Minds will be blown, but not streets. Avengers honor.""I still don't—""JARVIS? Bring up one of the videos. Pick something Cap'll like." Spinning on his heels, Tony gestures to the windows which immediately come to life with a video of people…just kind of standing still in a room with one person dancing."Tony, what—""Shhh, Captain Impatient."Sure enough, a few seconds later the video jumps and then everyone in the room from before is in a weird costume and…vibrating. Dancing? "Golly," Steve manages to choke out.The video ends and Tony slaps his hands together then spread his arms out. "It's perfect for us, right? So I'm thinking we'll film it down in the workshop because it looks the coolest. I'll start it, obviously, because none of the rest of you could pull it off, then cut and—"Understanding finally dawns, and Steve swallows hard. "You want us to dance? On camera?""He finally gets it! Alert the media."There's a cold prickle at the back of Steve's neck, and he can't quite breathe right. "I'm sorry, I don't—""It'll be great," Tony continues, not even listening.Before Steve knows what he's doing, he's up out of his seat, the paper on the table, and the cold prickle is now bright heat on his cheeks. He curses his easy blush and the curl of mortification he can't quite get past that's lodged at the base of his spine. "I don't dance," he says, only it comes out as more of a shout.Everyone freezes.Heck. Oh, heck. They're all staring at him, and he tries to backtrack, but… "I mean, I—"
I don't know how. I never got to. I was supposed to, Stork Club, eight o'clock, don't be late, but I died. And then everyone else died while I was asleep, and now I'm all alone and no one will teach me.
"Christ, Rogers, do you have to ruin everything?" Tony spits, and now everyone's looking at him. Steve's jaw drops, because that's—that's just monumentally unfair. He's about to say as much, only Tony seems to register all the eyes on him. All at once, the enthusiasm and the light in Tony's face drain away, and Steve knows that look, is intimately familiar with the awful, awful way that Tony's mouth pinches and his features go hard while his eyes stay expressive, bright with vulnerability and accusation both. Tony gathers himself together and straightens his shoulders. "Fine. I mean. Whatever, should have known you wouldn't want to do anything fun, even if it was for the team.""Tony…""We'll do it without you."Tony turns away, and Steve feels dismissed. Feels like the skinny kid that no one ever let play stickball with them in the lot across from the school. He doesn't even have Bucky anymore to catch up with him after he stalks away. Because that's what he's going to do. He's not afraid of a fight, but he's always been afraid to be where he isn't wanted."Right," Steve says. He glances at the rest of his teammates, at Natasha who seems indifferent to the whole affair, at Banner who looks like he wishes he was anywhere but here, and Thor who at least is frowning in concern.Clint looks like he's ready to go make popcorn and enjoy the show.And Tony won't look at Steve, not at all. That hurts, but no more than any of the rest of Steve's interactions with him. The interactions that always leave Steve feeling hopelessly out of place and like 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting Together
Angst
Pining
Man Out of Time
First Kiss
First Time
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Sad Steve is Sad
But Tony Makes It Better
When He's Not Busy Making It Worse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

