Chapter 1: Irish Up That Coffee
    




Chapter Text
The great thing about being perceived as an asshole is that it's real easy to hide guilt, shame, self-loathing, and just about every other emotion behind a Kevlar wall of sarcasm.  Someone tries to ask Tony Stark a serious question, he shoots back a flippant reply.  Eventually they stop asking.  It's a good system.At 8 am in whatever time zone S.H.I.E.L.D.'s magic castle is floating through, Thor of all people has made a pot of coffee for all the sad sacks sitting around the conference table.  Rogers and Romanoff's half-assed attempts at conversation have fizzled out.  Now they all slump in silence wondering what to do next.  They caught the bad guy.  There's one mission accomplished.  He's been dragged off to some high-security room somewhere for a repeat of whatever Fury did yesterday.  Any minute now he'll crack and give up the location of the Tesseract, then S.H.I.E.L.D. can swoop in to save the world.  The good guys win, everyone's happy, global security crisis averted.  Throw a party.  Celebrate.  Get drunk again.Live the rest of your life trying to forget you were directly responsible for the imprisonment and torture of another human being.Or... something that resembles a human being, at least.  Close enough in Tony's mind to be the same thing.  And no matter how many times he tries to tell himself it's justified, that Loki is a genuine homicidal maniac of epic proportions straight out of a James Bond movie, it still doesn't sit right.  He deserves to be in jail or, better yet, stuck in a work detail picking up Burger King wrappers on the side of the highway.  Not playing Dungeons and Dark Ages with Nick Fury.Do the others feel the same?  Hard to say.  Romanoff: probably not.  Tony knows she's seen - and done - worse.  Rogers?  No, he's a good little tin soldier, which means he'll side with the one giving him orders.  Banner?  Well, by the way he keeps rubbing his bloodshot eyes and poking at that tablet, it's a good bet he's been up all night tweaking his program that'll let them track down the Tesseract without Loki's forced cooperation.  That guy cares.Then there's Thor, who prowls around the table like a caged tiger.  He very obviously cares, and who can blame him?  Where others see a deranged psycho, he sees family.  S.H.I.E.L.D. wants justice, he wants his brother back.  Too bad he's the new guy in the office, the low man on the totem pole, and his opinion on what they should do with Loki carries all the weight of a feather.Let me speak with him, Thor had said.  Reason with him.  I only need time.Thing is, time is what they don't have.  The longer the Tesseract is missing, the slimmer the hope of ever getting it back before something disastrous happens.  Chatting about hurt feelings and whose daddy didn't love them enough is a civilian luxury.So what's the next step, when by all logic you've done the right thing and yet your conscience is screaming so loud the sound of it reverberates through your whole body?  How do you cope when the only thing stopping you from dropping your head into your hands in despair is the fact that there's a coffee cup in the way?  What do you do when you're sitting at a table with people you can't bear to look in the eye because you know you'll just see your own guilt shining back at you?You do the only thing you can do.  Irish up that coffee.Tony stands.  "Well kids, this has been a great meeting.  Lots accomplished.  Really hard-hitting, productive conversation.  Let's do it again soon.""Where are you going?" Rogers asks."Back to my room.  I have things I'm working on.  You know, cutting edge modern technology involving wires and lights and other zany stuff they didn't have back in the land before time.""Stark, wait," Romanoff calls after him, but he's already out the door.There's a bottle of Macallan 25 in a locked case beside his bed.  It goes down smooth.ooo"This isn’t right."Tony expects a reaction from Thor.  Something.  Anything.  A word of agreement, a nod, even a grunt.  When nothing is forthcoming, he tries again."Look, I don't know what the protocol is for you back on Asgard, but here on Earth it's not really socially acceptable to torture prisoners."A muscle in Thor's jaw tenses.  Now there's something."What did Fury say to you?"A long pause, filled with expectation on the edge of a held breath.  "He asked me what I was prepared to do," Thor answers quietly."Then let me guess," says Tony.  "He told you just enough of his plan to convince you it's for the greater good.  Made you think he knows what he's doing and you can trust him.""No, he...  He told me his full intent.  I believe he was seeking my approval, or permission."Seeking permission... that didn't sound much like Fury.  But ferreting around for answers under the guise of a respectful conversation?  Now that did.  "What did you tell him?"Another long pause.  "We of Asgard do not feel pain as humans do.  We can withstand much, and heal with far 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Drunken Shenanigans
Aftermath of Torture
Mildly Dubious Consent
Canon-Typical Violence
Unrepentant Loki
More warnings attached to specific chapters
Top Tony Stark
Bottom Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

