Chapter 1: Part One
    




Chapter Text
He looks up only briefly when the door opens, not really acknowledging Tasha when she slides into the living room and throws her jacket over a chair. She’s been in Tucson with Fury for the last couple of days, and he’s missed her fiercely, but today’s events have blunted all his feelings but a deep, aching sorrow. Tasha, being possibly the most observant person he knows, cannot help but notice his distinct lack of an enthusiastic welcome. Not being prone to wifely displays of concern (or anything else wifely either and would probably obliterate him if he ever even thought the M word), she comes to stand beside him where he’s staring blindly out at a drizzly, cold, grey New York skyline without really seeing it.“What’s wrong, Barton?” She’s not one to waste words either.“Had a meeting with Phil,” he admits reluctantly. Tasha goes very still, which tells him she’d probably known it was coming before he did.“Okay,” she says quietly, and waits. Once upon a time they’d have done some dance where he didn’t want to talk about it, and she let him get away with that until he pissed her off with his moodiness and she smacked him around until he got over it or told her what was up. Mostly these days they just tell each other stuff, and save the smacking around for fun.He sighs heavily, his whole body sagging a little.“I’ve been reassigned, and so has he,” he says bleakly.“Well,” she says carefully, “both of us have kind of become a little too public to be undercover SHIELD agents anymore. We’re Avengers. Coulson’s a handler.”“He’s my handler,” whispers Clint, feeling bereft in a way he hasn’t since Tasha flew off and left him standing in an abandoned orphanage.“He’s my handler too, Clint,” Tasha reminds him. He looks sideways at her. It’s different and she knows it. Maybe she’s just playing devil’s advocate.“You’ll miss him too,” he says, though it’s a little bit of a question.She shrugs.“Yes, a little. Not like you will though,” she concedes his point for him before he has to make it. “I haven’t been close to a handler in….well. Ever. I was taught not to have personal feelings for my handlers. Plus I’ve been working directly with Fury a lot more this past year. I like Phil, and I trust him, and I am grateful to him for trusting your judgment, but I don’t love him. Not like you do.”Clint’s eyebrows go up, and he swivels his head to look at her in surprise.“Love him?”She smiles briefly at him, a tiny quirk of her lips, and her hand steals down to twine in his own, which is a really surprising thing for her to do. Not that she never offers comfort, just that it’s usually of a more carnal nature than this simple hand-holding. Tasha doesn’t hold hands. She wants hers free to go for a weapon or a jugular vein at a moment’s notice. She tugs gently, and he follows her to the sofa and sits at her urging. She sits beside him, legs thrown casually over his so that she’s still touching him but it’s not confining for either of them.“Yes,” she says seriously. “You’ve had a serious case of hero worship for Phil since before I met either of you.”He sighs a little, but this is true.“He believed in me when no one else did,” he agrees. “He trusted me, and he changed me from SHIELD’s biggest liability to their biggest asset. Well, until we recruited you, that is.” He grins at her. The grin is halfhearted, he knows, but not because the fact bothers him, only because he doesn’t really feel like grinning.“He didn’t make you SHIELD’s biggest asset,” says Natasha. “You did. But I’m not belittling what he is to you. He helped you realize you could be, and that’s almost the same thing.”“I get why this has to happen,” he says softly, knowing there is real grief in his voice, and wondering why he is so close to actual tears. “I’m an Avenger now. We’re….we’re honest to God real fucking super heroes, which I still sometimes can’t wrap my head around. We don’t need handlers anymore. We’re a team, and we’re here to keep the monsters away when the world doesn’t have anybody else to turn to. Goddamn, I sound like a fucking press release. But ok, yeah, that’s what we are, and I get it. I do. Phil’s a handler, probably the best one SHIELD’s ever had, and he needs to do what he’s good at. I didn’t think this would hit me so hard is all.”“It’s probably all the unrequited feelings going on,” she says softly, and he can’t respond. His mouth hangs open while he looks at her in disbelief.“The what now?”“You do know Phil’s gay, right?” Natasha asks curiously.“Yes, I’ve known for a long time. He told me not long after he got me assigned to him, wanted to clear the air and let me know it would never get in the way, but that he needed it out in the open in case I was going to have a problem with it. I didn’t. I never did.”“No. But it has to be a little weird for you, to have feelings for him that are partly towards a father figure, which he obviously is, and partly attraction that you’ve never been able to express or act o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Slash
Polyamory
BDSM
First Time
Phil is being reassigned
Clint's really sad
Natasha knows why even if he doesnt
Wow this is awkward
And then it's not
Dom Phil
Sub Clint
Clint Barton is bored
Clint Barton is a brat
Clint Barton is really really sorry
Sorta menage a trois if you squint a little
Tasha and FEELS??
Wow this fic keeps growing!
Non-consensual scenes of torture
Age Play
Some really terrible people
Lonely Clint
Punishment
Roleplay
Exhibitionism
Ageplay

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

