Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Present day
 “Shit!” Barney startled and cursed as soon as he saw his brother. Clint sat on his couch, his legs drawn up to his body, his arms wrapped around them, and he had his chin on his knees. It was dark in the house and so Barney hadn’t seen him immediately when he opened the door. But then he had switched on the light, spotted him and jumped out of his skin when Clint looked up. “What the fuck are you doing here?” Barney asked when he had regained his composure. Clint didn’t answer, he just shrugged and continued to stare into space. Barney sighed, put the grocery bags he held in his arms onto the counter in the kitchen and went back to the living room to sit down on the couch, too. Halfway there he could smell it. Another Alpha’s smell intermingled with his brother’s familiar scent. “Clint?” He stopped to scrutinize his brother. Usually an Omega didn’t look like someone kicked their puppy when they bonded with an Alpha, quite the contrary. But Clint never wanted to have a bond. “Clint,” he repeated and the younger man turned his head and looked away. Barney finally sat down. “What happened?” He asked and when Clint looked in his direction he saw tears in his eyes. “Talk to me,” he demanded with a slight growl in his throat. Clint was his brother and he felt responsible for him, especially since he made it up with him a few years ago. “Nothing,” Clint eventually mumbled and looked away again. “Everything is fine.” “Bullshit! Everything is anything but fine!” He snapped and scolded himself for a moment when Clint flinched. “You know you can tell me, little brother,” he said and this time he forced himself to talk quietly to him. “I’ve been an idiot,” Clint snorted suddenly and wiped away the tears in his eyes. He glared angrily in his direction and Barney raised a brow. “Tell me something new,” he said before he could stop himself and Clint snorted again. “Yeah, you always said that,” he muttered before he leaned back against the backrest again. “I fucked it up, Barney.” “What happened?” He repeated and Clint took a deep breath. “I only wanted to help,” he said and licked his lips. Barney didn’t interrupt him, he just let him talk. “I’ve told you about Steve’s friend Bucky?” Clint looked up and Barney nodded quietly. “Well, Steve found him…”  

7 days earlier


 

”Hey, Barton,” Tony said and stopped beside him. “Is it true?” Clint stood on the roof of the new Avengers HQ, his arms on the balustrade, and watched the quinjet land. 

“Nat called and said they have him, so…” He shrugged. 

“That’s… wow. Did she say how they could manage it?” Tony leaned on the balustrade with his forearms and looked down at the airfield. 

“No, not yet,” he said. The hatch opened and Steve, Sam and Natasha left the aircraft, followed by another man. He wore a hoodie and a baseball hat and had a rucksack on his back. His hair was long and unkempt and he had a scruffy beard. He looked around nervously when he saw people - SHIELD personnel - staring at him. His left hand, the one with the black glove, twitched a few times but then Steve put a hand on his shoulder and he relaxed quite a bit. Natasha led the way and the three men followed her to the building. 

“So, that’s the famous Winter Soldier,” Tony said and followed them with his eyes. “Doesn’t look so dangerous,” he added, and Clint couldn’t hold back a snort.

“You have no idea,” he said and scratched his right shoulder absentmindedly. The scar there always reminded him of the last encounter he had had with the Winter Soldier and the three weeks he had spent in the hospital ward. 

They both watched the three men and Natasha walk into the building and Steve looked up to them for a moment, nodded and smiled. 

Clint sighed and pushed himself off of the balustrade and straightened his back. “I need coffee,” he declared and then he patted Tony’s shoulder. “You coming, tin man?” 

“Yeah,” Tony said and followed Clint to the door back into the building. 

“So, how’s Pepper doing? Haven’t seen her in a while,” Clint asked and Tony’s smile broadened. 

“She’s kicking ass,” he said. “She knows how to handle the board better than I did.” 

“Yeah.” Clint grinned. “She’s pretty badass. Unlike a certain genius I know.” 

Tony tried to slap his arm and Clint jumped away laughingly. “I am pretty badass myself,” he declared and Clint couldn’t hold back a laugh. 

“Yeah, you keep telling that to yourself,” he teased and Tony chuckled slightly and shook his head. The bad feeling he had had when he saw the Winter Soldier arrive was gone. 

 


6 days earlier


 

Clint was still half asleep when he entered the breakfast room. He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hands and padded barefoot to the coffee maker. He could feel the beads of sweat on his forehead and his back.

“Good morning, sleeping beauty,” Tony teased but Clint ignored him. In his defence, he couldn’t hear him, his hearing aids were in the pockets of his sweats, so he ignored him with no i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Clint Barton
Rape/Non-con Elements
non-consenual bonding
Laura Barton is Barney's Omega
20k+ words
Don't copy to another site
Mpreg

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

