Chapter 1





Chapter Text
~*~

I guess I must just be a daredevil


I don't feel anything until I smash it up


I'm caught on the cold, caught on the hot


Not so with the warmer lot


And all I want's a confidante


To help me laugh it off

~*~
 
 
It was a cool night as Matt picked his way over the rooftops that housed galleries and artists’ workshops in north Chelsea.
 
He hadn’t spent much time in these particular streets recently, not since the trouble around the counterfeit art ring he’d exposed a few weeks back.  It hadn’t even been deliberate – just another shady character he’d tracked back to a warehouse after a violent jewelry heist, who also happened to be part of this particular racket.  But of course, extracting just the target offender had proved impossible, so Matt had been forced to demolish the entire operation.  It had been a little bit of a change from his usual pummelling of street thugs, but crime was crime, whether it be high-end fraud or petty theft.  And his city deserved to be as free of it as possible.
 
That was also why he was here again.  He followed breadcrumbs, whisperings, rumors, that revealed Wilson Fisk still attempting to recapture the streets from inside his prison walls.  The long, faint tendrils of power and influence were spreading out like poison ivy, and Matt was determined to stamp them out before they could infect everything once again.
 
He’d managed to locate one of Fisk’s money-men, Thomas Grant.  He wasn’t the sort of asset-shuffling expert that Leland had been, nor a strong-arm for threatening the uncooperative, but he was an integral part of the process nonetheless.  Even if he couldn’t be persuaded to funnel his funds in a different direction, he could certainly prove to be a further source of information.
 
An expensive new condo at this end of town was where Grant spent most of his time, when he wasn’t at his flashy real estate job.  He lived alone, and tonight his neighbors were also out or already sound asleep – ideal conditions for a visit from the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen.  All Matt had to do was wait a little longer for a few stray pedestrians to clear the area and he would be good to go.
 
As he took the last pass over to West 27th, Matt slowed and made a careful descent onto one of the low warehouse rooftops.  A couple of joggers were just moving out of range of Grant’s building, but Matt could still detect someone else coming in this direction a little further down the street.  He shifted his senses to focus in on the person, a check to make sure they weren’t jumpy or suspicious at all.
 
It was the smell that hit him first – not human, but animal.  Dog, to be specific.  A solid, muscular thing, with athletic gait and steady click of claws on the pavement as it trotted slightly ahead of its owner.  Normally, of little consequence in tracking a target that wasn’t intended for confrontation, other than to keep in mind for avoiding detection.
 
But this particular dog made Matt go very still.  Because as he took in its shape, its huffing breaths, and slobbering mouth, he was hit with an unsettling wave of familiarity.  He knew this dog.  He’d met it before.
 
He moved his focus to the human companion walking behind it, and his suspicions were quickly confirmed.  The leather smell of the long coat; the sharp metallic taste of recent wounds; gunshot residue over calloused fingertips; the distinctively military feel of movement as he walked.
 
“Damn it, Frank,” he muttered to himself.
 
Matt wasn’t stupid enough to think this was a coincidence.  He could only guess at what Frank Castle was coming to see Grant for, but whatever it was, it was clearly going to interfere with his own plans.
 
He moved silently to the other end of the warehouse roof, and scaled down into a nearby alley just ahead of where Frank was walking.  Matt flicked his billy club out to knock a pile of trash at the entrance, a glass bottle rolling with a clink over the dirty cement.
 
Frank’s dog made a noise, and a moment later the man himself appeared at the entrance, stopping and leaning against the corner of the wall.  His heartbeat was steady, and Matt could detect a faint curl at the corners of Frank’s mouth.
 
“Here you are making a racket like you think I haven’t noticed your rooftop acrobatics the last few blocks.”
 
Matt huffed a laugh, walking a little closer and pocketing his billy club.  He gestured.
 
“Didn’t want to spook your dog.  Upset animals kind of give away my stealth approach.”
 
Frank gave a small nod, and wrapped the dog’s lead around his hand to pull him in.  He took a full breath in and out before speaking again.
 
“It’s been a while, Red.”
 
It wasn’t a condemnation, nor an expression of nostalgia.  It was just a statement of fact, like most things with Frank.
 
“Nearly six months,” Matt replied.  “I actually thought you might’ve left New York.”
 
He’d sensed Frank here and there in his sweeps of the city in the first few weeks since the showdown with Nobu,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frank Castle/Matt Murdock

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Caretaking
Blood and Injury
Broken Bones
Medicinal Drug Use
Angst
Grief/Mourning
Emotional Baggage
Romance
Intimacy
Touch-Starved
Feels
Fluff
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Bisexuality
Slow Burn
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Implied/Referenced Suicide

fandom: 
Frank Castle/Matt Murdock

