Work Text:
It is early morning and Tony is only on his second cup of coffee when Natasha asks the question.
“Stark, why do you have a letter addressed to you from Xavier's School for the Gifted?”
“Because Charles is old fashioned like that,” Tony answers automatically, only half processing the question. He drains his cup. “Wait, what? Charles wrote?”
Natasha raises an eyebrow, but hands the letter to him.
Tony rips it open and grins. “Yes!” he shouts, “Awesome. Oh this is going to be so much fun.”
“What's going to be fun?” Steve asks, walking in.
“Whatever it is that Xavier invited Stark to apparently.”
“Isn't he the one who runs the mutant school?”
“Yes.”
“Since when are you on Xavier's mailing list? What's it say?” Clint comes over and grabs the letter from Tony's hands.
“Hey Barton! Unless your name is now Tony Stark, that letter isn't for you. Give it back,” Tony reaches for it, but Clint pulls it away.
“Too slow tin head. Hey!” he protests when Steve grabs it and hands it back to the genius.
He holds it tight to his chest. “Mine. My letter birdbrain. Not yours.”
“Whatever man. Wanna tell us why that's an alumni letter? And who Sherlock is? Because there is only one Sherlock I know and it's not a very common name.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “First of all, because it is an alumni event. Charles invites me because I provide funding to the school every year. And because he knows I always enjoy watching the kids show off. That's the event – the kids put on a show for those who graduated, but didn't officially join the team. It's a chance for them to get advice and network too. Second of all, it's none of your business who Sherlock is. My letter remember?”
“Yeah, yeah, but is it Sherlock Holmes?”
Tony takes a long look at Clint. “I assume you met Mycroft then?”
“How can you tell?”
He shrugs. “You have that look on your face.”
“What look?”
“Mycroft traumatized. Sorry for your luck birdbrain. Lock is way cooler than My.”
“Oh my god, you do know them! And you have nicknmes for them too?!”
“Childhood friends,” Tony answers carelessly. “You build up a certain tolerance after so many summers of watching them go through that adorable phase and then the awkward phase and going through it with them. It makes it hard to intimate someone who remembers when you caused that explosion that destroyed the room or came out of the pond soaking wet with scum in their hair.”
“And how did he get in the pond in the first place?” Natasha inquired.
“My tripped of course,” Tony says, the picture of innocence.
“And he didn't have any help tripping at all, either.”
“Naturally not.”
“Oh my god! You tormented the British government as a child. How are you still alive?”
“Sherlock would hunt him down if he did anything. Plus he likes me, no matter how much he'll deny it,” he grins, “I'm irresistible like that,” batting his eyes to emphasize his point.
The others snort.
“Haters,” he informs them all, “You're just jealous.”
“You wish,” Clint tells him, “Just because you think everyone wants a piece of you, doesn't mean they actually do Stark.”
“Really? Why wouldn't they?”
Natasha gives a elegant roll of her eyes.
Tony winks at her. “Well boys and lady, as much as I would love to stick around, I can't. Things to do and people to see and all that. It's time to science!” he declares as he heads off to the workshop.
***
“Alright J, have any ideas for this year? We are going to have to top last years performance.”
“Are you admitting you have no ideas Sir?” JARVIS asks back innocently.
“Oh no, don't think you can get away with that with me J. We both know you aren't anymore innocent that I am. It may work with the others, but I know exactly went into your coding.”
“Thank heavens for that Sir. I could have ended up like another drunken engineered bot otherwise.”
Dummy twirls his claw at the camera, waving a fire extinguisher threateningly.
“That's right Dummy. Just because J was able to take advantage of better technology doesn't mean he can make fun of you,” Tony goes over and pats the bot on his claw. “Don't worry Dummy, Daddy still loves you even if your younger brother doesn't.”
“Perish the thought Sir,” JARVIS replies. If he could, he would be rolling his eyes. “And was it not you who said it is a younger brothers job to torment the elder?”
“Never J. Why would I tell you that? Inconceivable.”
“You keep using that word. I do not believe it means what you think it means, if I may Sir.”
Tony grins. He loves his kids. “I'll keep that in mind. Now, science. Let's here your ideas first sass master, because I know you have them.”
“Very well Sir. I believe if you...”
 
***
 
“Lock,” Tony calls when he spots him across the yard.
Sherlock turns and makes his way over. Tony pulls him into a hug when he does. “Finally. I thought you were going to leave me here by myself.”
“A case delayed me. Yes,” he continues before Tony can even ask, “it looks to be a good show this year. Although there are a few that seem to be a bit weak. They will need more practice in th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Sherlock Holmes & Tony Stark
Charles Xavier & Tony Stark
Charles Xavier & Sherlock Holmes

freeform: 
The Other Holmes - Freeform
Mutant Tony Stark
Mutant Sherlock Holmes
Timeline What Timeline
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Sherlock Holmes & Tony Stark
Charles Xavier & Tony Stark
Charles Xavier & Sherlock Holmes

