Work Text:
Darcy returned from her trip to see Peggy feeling resolved. She'd be damned if she was going to let Peggy Carter down. Of course, that didn't mean she was quite ready to pick through everything in her head. Eventually she'd have to, and she knew it, accepted it, and was perfectly fine with that. So long as that happened at a later time. Like, in a week or something. Maybe. There were also other things to do besides mope and grieve and whatever else was going on in her head. Jane was still set for London, and there was a ton of crap to do to get ready. Though, Jane was nice enough to delay their departure until the end of the month, giving Darcy time to sort herself out and giving Tony time to stop being super clingy. Because Jane was awesome like that. Oh, she'd nudge, but she'd also recognize that Darcy just needed to get her head straight. Jane knew her well enough to be patient; it would all come out eventually. Besides, she seemed grateful to Darcy; having been warned by her former intern's keen spy senses that Hydra was afoot, she'd been able to get out of the way of the mysterious light. But then she also seemed to feel a little guilty that Darcy hadn't escaped. Which was ridiculous and Darcy told her so. When she wasn't helping Jane, Darcy was avoiding almost everybody else by hiding in her office at the Tower. Well, okay, she wasn't exactly hiding, she was working on the logistics for the new New York base, what they needed, when they needed it, and grimacing through a handful of lectures from Fury about running a facility. And she spent her days surrounded by files and rule books, and even history books, picking apart the pieces of SHIELD, to chart where it all went wrong. And to, hopefully, start it back on the path towards being an agency worth being proud of. An agency that would live up to its charter to be the SHIELD to protect.    "You can't just burn the Index," Maria Hill said with a roll of her eyes. "Yes, I can," Darcy countered and she grasped her Sharpie more firmly and drew thick, black lines across the document in front of her. "Look at that. Burned! Figuratively."Hill gave her a flat look and sipped at her coffee. Darcy still hadn't made herself agree to go to coffee with the former Deputy Director, but Hill didn't bother waiting and brought the coffee to her. Twenty minutes earlier the other woman had come into Darcy's office unannounced, dropped a latte on the desk next to the SHIELD handbook, then made herself comfortable on the couch. "And what do you do with those people?" Maria prodded with a snort. "Containing criminals is not the same as indexing people with abilities, particularly if it's through no fault of their own, and they haven't, you know, done anything wrong," Darcy said and moved on to the next line. She'd never forgive Gonzales calling Skye a monster. Though, she was sorry the dude was dead; he didn't deserve that. Darcy continued with a scowl, "For God's sake, you've got Steve on the index." "It's threat assessment.""It's stupid. There has to be a better way. And I know I didn't put this in here," Darcy grumbled.Maria frowned. "What?""Nothing," Darcy waved the thought off like shooing a fly. "But, ten bucks says this was an add-on from the Hydra part of SHIELD. It feels sleazy enough.""Look, with this whole Inhumans situation—""La la la," Darcy sang, and drew another line through something else that reeked of Hydra. Who in the absolute fuck had designed the protocols for the Fridge? Just as well the place went up in smoke. On the surface the Fridge was for containment of exceptionally dangerous persons, but there were loopholes a mile wide and some creepy vague words that suggested human testing. Yeah, she could smell the Hydra of it a mile off. Though, honestly, SHIELD was compromised enough that she supposed it didn't have to be directly Hydra for things to start heading down ugly roads. All the more reason to root that crap out now. SHIELD picked up some bad habits along the way. "Mature," Maria shot back. "I feel safer already."Darcy pointed the Sharpie at Hill and glared. "Are you helping or are you back-seat directoring?""You're not the Director.""I didn't say I was," Darcy replied evenly. "But, if I'm going to go to Phil and say 'hey, things have to change', I should have that all squared away, yes?"Maria narrowed her eyes and considered Darcy closely. As always Darcy couldn't get even a hint of read on what the ex-Deputy Director saw. "So you bumped your head and suddenly you're hot to restructure SHIELD?""A lot can happen in eight seconds," Darcy muttered. "And, anyway, I was on this track before. It's not that sudden. Feel free to blame Fury and his 'you've got a duty' speech. I was all inspired and shit.""What did happen in those eight seconds?" Maria asked. "Stark's right, you were gone from the security footage. The fog got thick, you were still visible, and then you weren't. It was weird.""Weird is one word for it," Darcy said absently, sca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Time Travel Sucks
bucky will get his bar one day

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

