Work Text:
 
"It's a trap," Tony said, deliberately putting a campy rasp into his voice.
Natasha gave him a sidelong look. "Star Wars?"
"Return of the Jedi. Still.” He shrugged and fiddled with the settings on his smart phone until it showed him a live feed of the living room.  “An internationally wanted assassin doesn't just waltz into the Avengers headquarters without an ulterior motive. You’re a spy. It's your job to be suspicious of these things."
"Barnes was Steve’s best friend," Natasha said, arms crossed. But something in her tone made Tony think she was only playing Devil's Advocate. She didn't disagree.
"Barnes died over seventy years ago. The Winter Soldier has been under HYDRA's tender care for longer than we've both been alive. Nope," he said, popping the 'p'. "He's using Steve as an in."
She raised a fine eyebrow. "So what's your play?"
He raised his hand to show a watch. They both knew it was more than meets the eye. "You know me. I'm a master of improvisation. You?"
She hesitated then rolled back one sleeve on her stylish leather jacket to reveal a concealed widows bite.
Tony felt himself smile. "You're my favorite former assistant."
"Don't let Pepper hear you say that." She turned and pressed the elevator button for the top floor. FRIDAY had helpfully held the elevator at Tony's request so they could have this little chat. "Steve won't let himself be separated from Barnes."
"So distract him," Tony said. "You're good at good cop. I'll come in with my flair and pizazz and insist on a scan of the arm, at the very least. FRIDAY will monitor Barnes’ every move. The second he nudges a toe out of line, we'll know."
The elevator doors opened before she could reply. Thor was off duty, wooing Jane Foster in Maui. Due to the high emotional tension and probability of violence. Bruce had opted to sit this one out in his lab. Tony knew he could call him in for a code-green, though, if he needed.
Steve, Sam Wilson, and the man that must be the former James "Bucky" Barnes stood in a triangle in the center of the common room. They turned as the elevator opened, and the first thing Tony noticed was that the Winter Soldier was even better looking in person than the old black and white's suggested, greasy hair and grizzled expression aside.
The second thing was that someone was pregnant. Really, really pregnant.
The scent of gravid Omega lay heavy in the room. It was a... warm scent, pleasant and thick. Instinctively, Tony inhaled a sip of air and pressed his tongue to the top of his mouth, pressing the flavor of the scent to special Alpha glands. It tasted like home.
"—and he needs our help," Steve said. He had been speaking for several seconds, maybe making introductions. Tony couldn't remember a word of it.
He blinked, realizing Natasha was staring at him, probably waiting for Tony to pull up some patented Stark snark. Make an uncomfortably pointed comment or three to put everyone's back up, then let her swoop in with a more measured comment. Something that would sound reasonable in comparison.
The Winter Soldier was staring fixedly down at the floor. Steve said something else, emphasizing Barnes being a good man, that he'd personally vouch for him, that...
That...
"How far along are you?" Tony blurted to the Soldier.
Everyone stared at him as if he were insane. The Winter Soldier raised his gaze from the floor to look at Tony. His eyes were steel gray.
Say what he would about Steve, but he wasn't slow on the uptake. He turned to the Soldier. "Bucky?" he asked, shocked.
"You can't smell it?" Tony demanded. So much for super soldier senses. It was all he could scent.
"Three months." The voice came as a ragged whisper, and the Soldier again turned his eyes to the ground. Ashamed. His hands were stuffed into the front pocket of his hoodie—No. His hands were covering his middle. "I've come for protection."
A… feeling rolled through Tony. Indefinable, but strong.
"Bucky..." Steve put a hand on the Omega's shoulder. "Of course we'll--"
Tony knocked the hand away.
He wasn't aware he'd crossed the room until he found himself between Steve and the Omega. "Hands to yourself, Cap," Tony said, his smile showing teeth.
The other Alpha's eyes flashed. He squared his shoulders. "What's the big idea, Stark?"
"Whoa," Sam Wilson said, coming between them. He was a beta, so Tony allowed it, though he couldn't quite keep the bubbling growl out of his throat. It rose completely unbidden. Steve was taller and stronger than himself, but he wasn't coming one step closer.
Sam's eyes flicked to Tony, then Bucky, and back again. "What's going on here?"
"I'm pregnant," the Omega said blankly. "Tony Stark is the father."
"What?" Steve said.
"What," Tony said.
 
****
 
Shock sometimes was enough to snap an Alpha out of the Red Zone. Tony hadn't quite been there yet, but it was as close as he'd ever come – which should have been impossible by itself. Only Alphas in a mating bond became all caveman-protective over their mates.
Still, the su
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mating Bond
Mpreg
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Omega Verse
Forced Pregnancy
Protectiveness
Protective Tony Stark
Pregnancy
Romantic Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

