Chapter 1: Tidying up
    


Summary:

In which are the wounded and the consequences shouldered.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

*** Siberia ***
Neither of them said a word as they limped together out of the bunker, each step just shy of a tottering fall, each breath crowded with silent groans and regrets.  Steve kept them both moving, navigating by way of Bucky’s shaky nods and head tips to lead them to the massive ground level doors, dragged further apart now than either of them had done on the way in.But if the snow there had held the steaming prints of Iron Man’s repulsor boots alongside Bucky’s and Steve’s tracks, it had been only briefly, for new snow had blown in to wipe all trace of them under a blanket of powdery white.  Dammit, Tony,  Steve kept the words behind his teeth as he scanned the hazy, wind-scraped snowfield to try and figure out what the hell they were gonna do now.  He could see the Quinjet where they’d left it, a low, sloping mound of grey, scraped clear by the winds on top, but skirted almost to the cockpit window by the blowing snow.It was new, bleeding-edge technology, that jet, equipped with a repulsor engine that would never need fuel, and enough stealth and jamming technology that it could get them just about anywhere in the world without another machine knowing about it.  But it was also about as subtle to look at as diamonds on Lent, and would leave hundreds of living witnesses behind wherever they managed to put the thing down.His hands spasmed, twitching with cramp and the memory of the unforgiving ridge of metal against this palms.  Helmet release catch. Smash. Rip.  No more AI to guide Tony’s fists.  Brown eyes full of terror, disbelief, certainty...“Zemo,”  Bucky gritted beside him, and Steve shocked from his memory with a damp gasp.  He grabbed the intrusive vision by the throat, shoved it into a mental box, and slammed the lid. Bucky tipped a shaky nod toward the rented Snow Cat they’d passed coming in.  Like the Quinjet, it was half-buried in the blowing snow, but still there, at least. “I’ll get it,” Steve nodded, shifting his grip on Bucky’s wrist to ease him down where the door could give him some shelter from the wind.  But Bucky clung, leaned heavily into Steve’s side, shaking his head so hard he nearly toppled them both over into the snow.“No!  He’s still here!  He’s got the... He knows the-”“I know, Buck, I know,” Steve answered, turning Bucky’s back to the rough hewn granite and cupping his chin to hold his gaze.  “I promise I’ll go and find him, but you’re falling into shock right now, and if I don’t get you someplace warm, we won’t get  a clear mile toward safety.”Safety.  Wherever that was.  Steve drew a breath so crackling cold it almost seized his lungs up tight.  The sudden, shocking flare of pain in his abused ribs had him instantly on his back again, shieldless, helpless, Iron Man a brutal, implacable weight on his chest, one gleaming scarlet fist that could stave in a tank’s armor with one blow plunging for his face.  Concrete splintering to powder an inch from his ear when Steve flinched aside.  Certainty of it coiling into his heart, crushing and colder than all the weight of Iron Man himself  -- Tony would kill Bucky.  And if he had to kill Steve first, he would do that too.  And he wasn’t going to hesitate.  Nothing Steve could say would stop him until Tony had both their blood on his hands --No.  Slam it in the box.  Lock it tight.  Later.  Think on it later.The breath gusted out of Steve all at once, vast and white as the wind unraveled it overhead.  “The Snow Cat will have a heater,” he said, his voice cracking dry.  “Maybe a med kit too.  Let me get you into it, and I promise I’ll go find where Zemo crawled off to-”“Don’t bother,” a voice called out of the blurring white, snapping Steve around into a futilely shieldless guard position.  “He is in my custody already.”  And with that, King T’Challa dropped from the rocky ledge overhanging the bunker’s entrance, and landed lightly in the snow.“Steve,”  Bucky warned, gripping his shoulder, tugging him back, or trying to.“No, Buck,” Steve said, and stood his ground.  To T’Challa, he called, “If you have Zemo, then you know Bucky had nothing to do with the bomb that killed your father.”
This won’t change anything

I don’t care
No!  Slam the door.  Lock it.“This is true, ”  the young King allowed with the kind of nod that made Steve think sadly of Thor’s courtly grace.  “But there are those who will hunt Sergeant Barnes for other crimes now that the world knows him for the Winter Soldier.”“Steve, don’t!”  Bucky tugged again, then shoved when Steve didn’t budge.  “If I surrender,” he called, jostling past when Steve staggered on the icy stone, “If I give myself up, what will you do to Steve?”And Steve’s heart seized up tight again, his left arm aching as the shield scraped off it, toppled free to clang on the ground with all the weight of a cent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon spackle
Hurt
Loyal Steve
Steve Takes Care Of His People
Even if he thinks they hate him
T'Challa is bigger than you
The end of a really rough day
Not a Tony-Hate
Not a Steve-Hate
Everyone Needs Hugs
okay so it is a Fix-It after all
Slow Build
Espionage
frienemies
Long Distance love affair
Caretaking Rhodey
Dr Cho takes no shit
Nightmares
superhero forensics
Conspiracies
Tags May Change
Not SpiderMan: Homecoming compliant
Not Infinity War compliant
Black Panther compliant if you squint
Thor: Ragnarok doesn't impact this plotline
Canon Typical Violence
mortal peril
extreme hospitalization
Bedside Vigil
Adults acting like adults

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

