Work Text:
She wants to let go.
Honestly, she does.
But she can’t… she knows she can’t and that’s what makes it hard. To see how he is amongst other people, but so different when he is with her.****
“You don’t know what you’re asking for.” Her green eyes heated with anger.

“I’m pretty sure I made myself clear Romanoff.”

She hates it when he calls her that. “It’s Natasha, asshole.”

“I’m asking for you to trust me. I’m the leader and my orders are final.”

“You of all people should know that I don’t follow rules.”

She’s challenging him and he knows that. Fire and ice is what they are. He wants to keep people safe and she’s the one that ends their lives. He can hear the voices in his head every time she challenges his leadership.

Make her submit…

Show her who the alpha is…

SHOW HER!!

He grabs her wrist roughly; she turns around and glares at her. “Let. Me. Go. Rogers.”

His blue eyes, his baby blue eyes, now have become
 dark and cold, hard as steel.

He snarls at her. “I’m sick of you disobeying me, Romanoff.”

“It’s-” He cuts her off, his hand gripping her throat. She feels herself start to choke and lose oxygen.

Her eyes widened; this isn’t the good Captain America she’s read about. No 
this is Steve Rogers, a much different side of the man behind the mask.

“You obey me, you understand that?” He lets her go but not until he’s got her pinned against the walls. He has both wrists in one hand and the other on her back. Her front is pressed against the walls of his floor. “I’m the team leader, the captain, and the alpha of this group.” He growls harshly into her ears. “I don’t do well with insubordination.”

She cries out as he rips her cat suit in one go. His hand spreads her legs and she lets out a scream as he smacks her ass… hard. She can feel his erection through his pants as it rubs against her underwear. 

“I’m going to make you submit to me Natalia.” The spy can feel herself slipping as he calls her by her true name. “I’m going to make you obey me.”

Her naked figure pressed onto his sheets, her back to him displaying her creamy ass that sticks up in the air. And her limbs bound to the four ends of his bed.
“This is where you belong Natalia,” he purrs, “Lying down before me like this. Submitting to me.” She cries out as he yanks her hair. “Your body will understand that it belongs to me. That your pleasure …for me. My name will be the only thing that spills from your lips.” Her body shivers as she can feel his fingers stroking her spine. “Soon you will understand that my orders are final.”
Natasha screams as she feels a riding crop smacking against her ass. She feels it tracing down her spine, much like his fingers were, and hits her back. Her hands curl as her body is reacting to the pain she’s receiving. Steve releases her legs so she’s kneeling before him, submitting to all of his whims. He growls as his dark desires surface, the voices come back into his head.

Make her submit…

Show her what power really is…

ALPHA!
He grins as he twirls the riding crop in his hand. “What shall I do next, hmm?” His nose flares as he can smell her arousal. “Such a naughty girl,” he purrs, and she can hear his Brooklyn accent. “Getting so turned on by something so violent.” He brings the riding crop to her entrance and she stills. The crop brushes against her folds, he pulls it away and brings it to his mouth, grinning wildly as he tastes her juices on the leather. “Oh my sweet Natalia,” he purrs in her ear, “you can make every man submit to you, but with me,” he cups her pussy, “it’s me you submit to.”
She throws her head back as his index and middle finger slip in. His nails scrap roughly against her walls and she’s doing her best to hold down a sob threatening to escape her throat. Natasha moves back but his other hand has a solid grip on her hip.

“You’re not playing fair, Rogers.”

She cries out as his hand leaves her hip and grabs her by the hair. “It’s Steve, but since you refuse to obey my orders… you’re calling me ‘Captain’ again.” 

“Fuck you,” she spits out.

Steve growls, his fingers leaves her hole but Natasha howls as she feels something plastic being shoved inside of her. Her body’s trembling as her team leader had just shoved a dildo inside of her pussy, without any warning or preparation. 

“I don’t like being disobeyed. Got it?” He snarls against her ear.

“Yes.”

“Yes what?”

“Yes, captain.”

“Good girl,” Steve nuzzles her neck and kisses her shoulders. He watches in fascination as she clenches around the plastic dick every time he pulls it out but only the tip remains. “Bet you wish it was my cock instead, don’t you?”

“Yes captain.”

“Your body will understand that it belongs to me and only me.” She whimpers as he pulls out the fake cock and slips off his boxer-briefs. He’s dripping and his cock is throbbing angrily, needing a nice tight pussy to plunge into. Steve spreads her legs further and his thumb parts her folds, his tongue licks his lips at the sight. “Beautiful, absolutely beaut
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
romanogers - Freeform
Dom/sub
dubious non-com undertones
heavy trigger warning
Heavy BDSM
Angry Sex
Sex Toys
BDSM
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Natasha Romanov
Possessive Steve Rogers
Dildos
chain bondage
double vaginal pentration
Dubious Consent
alpha/beta/omega undertones
Forced Submission

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

