Chapter 1





Chapter Text
WARNING: This story is unbeta'd. Sorry for mistakes.
Enjoy!
~o~O~o~
"Thor! Jesus Christ, why is it so cold?" Barton screamed in shock when they landed on Jotunheim.
"It is a Frozen Realm, my friends. I did warn you to dress warmer. Besides, I hope that we won't spend much time here".
"You bet", Natasha murmured, shuddering.
They moved to where Thor thought he will find his brother. He didn't see him for so long, almost for a year. His greatest fear about that he would not be able to find Loki here, Thor fiercely pushed away. He believed that his brother was alright, that he was safe. But… After all Loki wanted to destroy Jotunheim and its people could have do him harm or even kill… No. Father could not be so cruel to send Loki, his son, to his death. Because it would be execution instead of punishment. Horrible thought entered Thor's mind for a second that maybe… maybe his father had wanted just that. But Thunder God pushed it away with rage. Loki was safe and Thor would find him.
While they walked, the storm was raging somewhere in distance. Its force was tearing the world apart. Ground was shaking. For Avengers inside terror Thor was leading them right into the storm. Steve was the one to observe such an event.
"Um… Thor? Are you sure we are going the right way?"
"Yes, Captain".
"B-but…", Steve sputtered a little, "We are walking right into the hurricane. Why?"
Everyone looked at Thor, who was just determined to go ahead. His answer though overwhelmed them.
"Because my brother is in there."
They all reluctantly made their way there as much as they could so not to be affected by the storm. What humans saw next shocked them to the core. There was someone in there. A figure, that stood right inside! How was it even possible?
"I can't believe my eyes", Bruce said softly.
The sight was absolutely stunning, the truth been told. Loki or not – they couldn't be sure – stood silently in the eye of the storm, not moving. Alone. On the rough and scary landscape raging wind blew his hair and clothes without mercy, the snow around him flew in circles. It was chaos. But what was disbelieving at most was that the person inside looked like it found peace, calm and solace in it. Amazing indeed.
"BROTHER!" Thor boomed, mayhaps using his godly power to make his voice louder so that he would be able to outcry a storm.
At first nothing happened. But then… just like at someone's will the terrifying weather calmed down. A storm faded away. Only a silent figure remained. And it slowly as if not wanting turned their way. Now that the snow sagged they finally could see who it was. And what they saw shook them more than cold.
Something ethereal stood in front of them. Something absolutely impossible. Humans never saw anything like that. A being with deep blue-gray skin, that matched perfectly to its surrounding lands. Especial ornate lines like scars covered its skin in magnificent way. Grace with what this being stood and overlooked all of them. And eyes… God, did it have eyes. Red, even bloody crimson – on all surfaces. These eyes seemed to shine in darkness – like they were alive in this dead cold place… It was scary.
"Jesus…" Tony whispered.
And it was Loki. Even in this… form they could recognize him. The same man but still – so different. His stance was imposing; he looked surprisingly superior in front of them, what was strange. He was alone but… there was that feeling of a hidden menace, leaving Avengers feel uneasy. Thor told them that Odin took Loki's magic away. That should have calmed them but still – they were slightly afraid. Maybe it was because of a foreign scary Realm or because of cold. They were not at practical and comfortable territory too. But seeing how Loki perfectly belonged here, his calmness and confidence – all that made them feel small. Indeed – puny mortals in a world of gods.
"Come, friends. We should go".
"Um… Thor? Why is Loki… blue?" Bruce asked reluctantly not being sure how to react.
"Yeah, the last time we saw a guy he was kinda of normal colour. Did you do that to him? Because it's…it's…"
Tony didn't even know how to phrase all his questions because there were so many. And Thor didn't even stop to answer. Oh, great. Tony was cold, hungry, cold, unaware of what was going on and even more cold. Awesome.
When they approached a 'meeting place' everything stilled. Whatever they wanted or not Avengers just couldn't tear their gazes from Loki's new appearance. Yes, Thor told them that Loki's adopted. But they couldn't possibly think of that. And no matter how determined Thor was he also wasn't prepared to how Loki looked. How he wanted to embrace his brother – he hasn't seen him for so long. But… One just can't erase thousand years of hatred and resentment to Jotuns. And now Loki was just one of them. Thor instantly closed his eyes in shame. It was Loki. His little mischievous brother. Loki, with who he was raised together, stood side by side together – it was his brother. If
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Loki/Other(s)
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Loki & Steve Rogers
Helblindi & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Loki Feels
Thor Feels
BAMF Loki
Jotunheim
Avengers are not amused with Asgard
Avengers in Asgard
Avengers in Jotunheim
Thor tries
Helblindi is a Good Bro
Aliens
Teamwork
King Loki
Jealous Thor
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
King Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki & Avengers Team - Freeform
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Brotherly Love
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Team Feels
Team Bonding
BAMF Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Loki/Other(s)
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Avengers Team
Loki & Steve Rogers
Helblindi & Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

