Work Text:
Bucky is lounging in Peggy's living room watching Steve's congratulations party unfold. The Alpha is ridiculously proud of his brother for finally landing the job with SHIELD security and for him and Sam pulling their heads out of their collective asses and finally getting together. But parties like this, even among familiar faces, always manage to drain the life out of him.
Bucky hadn't always been this weary of loud, crowded spaces, but things like having been pinned between a Semi-Truck and a Harley Davidson tend to bring that out in a person.
Buck much preferred the quiet dinner party Peggy had held earlier. Just the four of them. Peggy, Sam, Steve, and Bucky, the original quartet. Not that he didn't love the friends and pack he'd made along the way, but sometimes it just became too much.
Bucky finds himself absentmindedly tracing the words on his right forearm. The cool metal of his left hand is a much needed comfort. The upside to having so many people around is that at least now he doesn’t have the two love birds unknowingly rubbing their relationship in his face.
It had always made Bucky laugh to remember that Steve and Peggy shared the same first words and were a soulmated pair. Mostly cause it turned out they were both gay as hell. Peggy was now madly in love with her Beta girlfriend Angie (who had no words) and Steve had finally admitted he was in love with Sam (an Alpha whose first words belonged to his very straight best friend Riley). Now it just made him nostalgic for simpler days.
And Bucky... Well Bucky hasn’t found his soulmate yet, but considering the examples he's had, he isn’t really looking forward to finding them. At this point Bucky isn’t sure he can take finding out his soul mate is straight or hopelessly in love with someone else. Even if the cheesy pick up line adorning his arm is intriguing and makes him smile every time he glances at it, his optimism for a fairy tale ending is lacking.
The front door bursts open and Bucky's head shoots up at the commotion. The scent of coffee, motor oil, and Omega wafts into his nose. Ah, so Steve's best friend has arrived. Bucky rolls his eyes. The man could certainly make an entrance. Which means Rhodey and his boyfriend (or was it Alpha-consort?) is here too.
T'Challa is usually fun company when Bucky’s in the mood, but tonight isn’t a good one for their usual wild banter.
You see most of his friends and family are happily mated or dating no matter the circumstances. Being single and surrounded by happily bonded couples is not his idea of a good time on a good day. Feeling like he feels now? It is the absolute fucking worst.
In fact the only un-mated person, other than himself, is the Omega leaping into his brother's muscular arms. Steve's laughter at Tony's exuberant greeting is a balm on Bucky's nerves. For all that he's never really spoken to his brother’s best friend, he is certainly happy that Tony and Steve had found each other.
The two Omegas had been at each other's throats from the get go in their freshman year of college. Steve would always come home to their shared apartment complaining about the know it all Omega in his Chemistry class. Until one day he'd come back sporting a busted lip and black eye that would have had their mothers in druthers had they been witness to it. As it was, Bucky had been beyond pissed, but despite everything Steve had been smiling like he'd won the lottery and not just got the snot beaten out of him.
The reason Steve looked a right mess was because mid argument with Tony (Steve's unruly lab partner), some Alpha asshole had started harassing Tony. Only instead of growing quiet in the face of the over-aggressive Alpha, the Omega had turned and snarled "Go Knot-Yourself Jackass!"  Steve had been star struck. Finally he'd found another Omega who wouldn't take an aggressive Alpha's bullshit.
When said Alpha had tried to hit Tony in response, Steve (only ninety pounds soaking wet at the time) had tackled the bastard to the floor. Tony jumped into the fray not a moment later, not about to let Steve fight his battles for him. The two of them had walked away from the fight bruised, bloody, and grinning ear to ear.  It'd given Bucky palpitations just hearing about, cause fuck it all, now there was two of them.
Tony had fit right into Steve’s and his pack of friends and had even brought in some of his own. With only three betas and one other Omega they were an unusual pack, but they make it work.
It isn’t lost on Bucky that the reason this pack of misfits work so well together is because Tony and Steve are the glue at the heart of it all.
He watches with a fond eye as Tony peppers Steve’s face with kisses. Sam growls playfully in response to the affectionate gesture and everyone laughs when Tony flips him off.
It doesn’t help Bucky’s misery at all that it is Tony who is also single and un-soulmated. Tony who, despite never having shared a word with Bucky, has still managed to so efficiently capture his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes-centric
Pining
Cheesy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Peggy Carter/Angie Martinelli
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/T'Challa

