Work Text:

Promises
 For someone with a supernatural sense of danger, Steve slept like the dead.Bucky glanced at him fondly. Steve was cat-like and golden, sprawled out carelessly across their bed. One of his feet was poking out the end of the sheets, pale and vulnerable in the dim light. He hadn’t so much as twitched as Bucky crept into their bedroom.  Bucky trailed metal fingers over Steve’s toes on his way past, stripping out of his combat leathers and dropping them into a heap by their bed. Steve would frown something fierce when he saw the abandoned clothes, the man was anal about folding his clothes, but Bucky took a certain pleasure in creating mess, he enjoyed seeing physical proof of his own presence. It was probably that impulse that made his leave trails of bruises on his lovers; Steve never had a mark longer than six hours but Tony often looked like he’d mauled by a vampire. Tugging off his trousers, Bucky turned back to the bed.Scrunched up into Steve’s side, Tony had all but disappeared beneath the sheets. As always, he was folded up tight around his arc-reactor, hands fisted over its’ light as if he was scared someone was going to try and take it at any moment. Bucky didn’t know what caused such a reaction but he had seen enough of Tony’s nightmares to guess.Dark thoughts threatening, Bucky slid under the covers behind Tony. Unable to stop himself, he gently gathered Tony to him, kissing the tanned stripes of skin on show. Tony twitched sluggishly to consciousness, the dark fan of his eyelashes fluttering, struggling to lift.“Bucky?"“Yeah.”Big brown eyes focused on him, softening with recognition; tension Bucky hadn’t even realised Tony had melted away and he went limp and heavy in Bucky’s arms.“I didn’t think you’d be back for another two days.”Bucky kissed his neck. “The job had an abrupt end.”“I’m glad you’re home. We missed you,” Tony said softly, shivering as Bucky ran a hand down his bare torso.Bucky fingers dipped into the hollows between Tony’s ribs and under the sharp slant of his hipbone. Tony had had the flu a month ago and still hadn’t gained the weight back he’d lost; for a genius he was utterly useless at looking after himself. The boxers Tony was wearing were overly large, sagging down his hips. Bucky tugged at them thoughtfully.“Steve’s,” Tony said to Bucky’s unasked question. He sounded breathlessly, needy. The sound made heat pool in Bucky’s stomach. It had been a long, lonely few days. He had missed his lovers fiercely, and had longed to be back in bed with them, longed to touch them. Need shot through him.“Why are you wearing Steve’s boxers?” Bucky asked and slid his hand inside, seeking out Tony’s soft, hot cock. Tony arched sluggishly in surprise, whimpering as Bucky curled his big hand over the whole of Tony’s sex and squeezed gently.“Couldn’t find mine,” Tony gasped, squirming.Next to them, his face still lax with sleep, Steve huffed. Tony stilled and glanced up as Bucky nosed at his neck.“Don’t wake Steve,” Bucky told him firmly, his voice dropping an octave. Tony shivered at the order but bit his bottom lip, quick to comply.Tony’s hedonistic reputation in bed was well deserved but Bucky had been caught off guard by how surprisingly sweet he was could be, eager to please, to obey. Tony was so quick to go soft and easy beneath their hands, a flushed needy creature intent on pleasing. Bucky hadn’t expected that, he hadn’t expected how much it would turn him on either. Bucky curled his arm under and around Tony’s chest, pulling him in tight, holding him still. His own cock was hard, straining against the heat of Tony’s covered behind.Bucky released Tony’s hardening cock and moved down; Tony spread his legs easily and Bucky nipped at his neck, pleased with the easy submission. His fingers trailed down Tony’s perineum and stuttered to a surprised stop when he found the hot, wet space between his cheeks. Bucky bit back a groan.“Steve's already fucked you,” he stated hotly into Tony’s neck, fingers rubbing back and forth over the edge of Tony’s swollen, open hole.  Tony shuddered against him, hips moving as much as they could in Bucky’s grasp.“Did he hold you down, bend you over the edge of the bed and fuck you?” Bucky asked, pressing a digit into Tony easily. “Did he wear you out? Fuck you so good you couldn’t even get up to find your own underwear?”Tony whimpered, stomach muscles tensing and relaxing. His cock was wet, fully hard now.“Tell me.”“I rode him,” Tony whispered, his voice cracking as Bucky pressed another finger into him. “I tied his hands to the headboard and rode him. I was barely moving, just grinding down on him. I did it until he was begging me for more.”“And then?” Bucky asked, spreading his fingers. Tony’s back arched.“I came and he flipped us; he bent me in half, legs over his shoulders and I just held on.”Bucky bit at Tony’s bare shoulder, his cock as hard as a rock. He could imagine Steve and Tony together easily, he had seen it. Tony, his mouth red an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PWP without Porn
Threesome - M/M/M
POV Bucky Barnes
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Established Relationship
Light Dom/sub

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

