Work Text:
"Torque this," Tony muttered to a recalcitrant, mechanical leg and set the soldering gun down. "Talking to yourself? Not a good sign," Darcy said behind him. He spun on his chair and grinned at his daughter. Whipping off his goggles, he ran his eyes over her in a quick evaluation. She was still pale, but her eyes were clear for the first time in two weeks. The day of the attack, Jarvis alerted him to the situation before the alarms even sounded. He'd just opened his mouth to order Jarvis to lock down and alert the others when his AI added that Darcy'd been in the lobby as well. He ran like hell, not waiting for his armor to fully assemble around him before he dove off the balcony. He hit the ground, pushed his way through the handful of confused bystanders, and stepped into an eerily calm, empty lobby. His security had cleared people out immediately. Jane Foster was on one side, held back by a guard, shouting for Darcy. He ignored Jarvis's warning to avoid the low, hazy fog of light coming from the large cardboard box by the front doors, and dropped to his knees next to his daughter sprawled on the marble floor. She moved, she twitched, she jerked and groaned and then rolled to her side and started vomiting. He ordered his armor to retract and he slid out to take her into his arms. For a second he thought she was convulsing, but then she turned back and fought him like a hellcat. She was lost in insensibility. Thor turned up a few seconds later and between the pair of them they were able to control her enough to get her to the elevator. Tony thought about just flying her up, but he didn't know what happened and didn't want to put her body through more stress. And damn it, the last thing he wanted was to use his armor on his own kid, even just to get her to hold still. Foster gave a breathless recitation of events all the way to the medical bay, where Bruce was waiting. Steve came and went, dragging Clint and Natasha with him as they headed out Hydra hunting. He let them. As much as he wanted to dive back off the balcony and find the fuckers who hurt his daughter, she needed him more. She needed him to be there through those 61 hours of waiting. 61 hours of Darcy being non-responsive. 61 hours of scans and tests and horrible gnawing desperation. He felt those sharp claws of desperation twist in his chest again, but he took a breath and ignored them as well as he could.  "Hey, kid.""What are you working on?" she asked as she wandered into his workshop. "My Iron Legion," he said, trying to sound upbeat and not haunted. She laughed a little and shook her head. "God, you have to stop naming things.""I thought it was perfect.""I guess," she said, sounding dubious. "In a creepy, megalomaniac with his own robot army sort of way."He pouted at her and grumbled, "They're not a robot army. They're like robot traffic cops. We'll deploy them to set a perimeter to keep civilians clear of any sort of fight."Darcy gave him a contrite smile and walked over to pat his shoulder. "Good idea.""Thank you.""And what's this?" She poked at a monitor and the lines of code there. He shifted in his chair and considered the code. "Something else I'm working on. Missing a little something, though.""Need help?""Nah, not right now. I'll let you know." "You've been working on this for a while," she murmured and leaned closer. "Kind of looks like Jarvis's code.""A little bit," he replied, evasive and not quite ready to talk about the Ultron project. "So, what's up?"She straightened up and chewed on her lower lip for a second before pulling a couple sheets of paper out of her pocket. "I got a letter from Howard."Tony blinked at that. Howard? "What's it say?""That he loves us."Frowning, Tony sat back in his chair and considered his daughter. In the two weeks since the attack she'd been distant and quiet. Withdrawn. When the sixty-one hours passed and she woke, she was different. Nothing profound, and Bruce said there weren't any signs of neurological trauma, but it was enough to worry them all. She wouldn't talk about what happened, she only insisted, stridently and desperately, that the machine used in the attack be destroyed. Tony did as she asked, taking the device apart, gutting it and breaking it down to disconnected parts, until there was no chance of it working. But he studied it, too, and that was enough for him to develop a theory. He'd watched the security footage from the lobby that day in his search for answers, and he calculated that from the moment of the attack to the instant he got to her, 21 seconds had passed. Six seconds after the light started leaking out of the box, engulfing Darcy, she vanished from the security footage, only to be visible again 8 seconds later. He arrived seven seconds after that. It wasn't visibly obvious from the recordings what happened, but in those 8 seconds she'd undergone a wardrobe change — the clothes were destroyed, but their texture, their make was obvious. A cream blouse instead of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Father-Daughter Relationship
Stark Family Relationship

fandom: 
None
