Chapter 1: Oops, I Did it Again
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


Sneaking back into Oscorp had been the easy part of the mission.Not that it didn’t tug at his moral heartstrings- After all, stealing was usually perceived as wrong, and Spider-Man was  not  an exception to that rule.But, well… This was for the greater good. And he intended to make up for it by floating a little extra money Oscorp’s way whenever he possibly could. But the fact of the matter was that he really couldn’t afford to keep paying for his webbing. Every month for the last seven years since he’d been bitten.By now, he had earned the few spiders he intended to to take.And honestly, he wasn’t even really going to steal them. He was just going to borrow them for long enough to decode their genetics, so that he could splice up some spiders of his own. He then intended to return them safe and sound to the lab. So, yeah. No stealing going on here.It was late at night, and he had a small carrying case he’d gotten from the pet store. It was complete with a couple of live ants in the bottom, a little snack for his arachnid pals.The windows on the upper floors were always unlocked. He gently pushed the cool glass until he’d created enough of a space for him to crawl through. He slunk down, crawling through the shadows. He tried to keep out of the sight of the cameras-It was easier than hacking and wiping them later.He finally came to rest in front of the giant, metal door separating the animals from the rest of the facility. He plugged in a piece of hacking tech- graciously gifted to him by Tony Stark himself- and the doors sprung open with a hiss. He unplugged his machine, the glowing red lights blinking in the dark, and walked forward.There! He saw the glow of genetically altered spiders, just to his right. He readied the small plastic container he had for transportation and walked over, pressing his hand to the door and mentally readying himself. He took a deep breath before pushing it open and stepping inside.Now came the hard part; getting said spiders into the carrying case.The spiders hung all around him, some working on their webs and others lazing around, potentially sleeping. He opened the container he had brought and reached out with a slightly trembling hand, a small noise of discomfort escaping as he gripped one in between his forefinger and thumb, lowering it into the container as it squirmed. He carefully repeated the process again, and again, until five small spiders sat (probably pissed at him) in the container.“Sorry, little fellas. A boy’s gotta eat.” He apologized, giving a heavy sigh. He was probably imagining it, but he could have sworn that they were shaking their little fists at him. Or at least, they would have been. If spiders had fists.He turned to leave, and came face-to-face with the biggest spider in the room.It was hanging from the ceiling, a single strand of silk supporting it. It blinked it’s multiple eyes at him, and Peter gave a gulp.He blew on it softly, hoping he could make it swing up high enough that he could just duck underneath it and be on his merry little way.But, of course, it didn’t happen that way. Because according to the laws of physics what comes up must come down, and come down the giant-ass spider did. Right on Peter’s nose.He gave a small whimper as it sized him up, knowing that there was little to nothing he could do. He watched as it rubbed its little incisors together, suspiciously reminded of a villain in a James Bond movie. The big guy reared back, and Peter flinched as he felt the small pinch.The spider bit right through his mask.He swatted it off, reflexes kicking in. Without looking he charged forward and out the door, shutting it firmly behind him as he tried to ignore the shudders trying to overtake his body. Fuck, that was creepy. And a little painful.He pouted as he raised a hand to rub at the little bump on his sore nose.He sighed heavily. Just another day in the life of Peter Parker.The swing home was much less nerve-wracking.~~~   Peter let out the girliest, highest, most drawn-out shriek he had EVER given in his life.He leaned closer to the mirror, tears springing to his many eyes. Yeah, you read that right.When he’d woken up unable to see past a few feet in front of him, he’d immediately assumed the worst; that getting bitten again had somehow redacted his powers. But unfortunately, since Peter Parker always seems to be wrong, that’s not what happened. Also, apparently, not the worst case scenario.He stumbled over to the mirror and leaned close.Fur. Fur and a litany of large, dark brown eyes. He had two pointy pincers to either side of his face, and his chin had turned into some weird, double-plated thing. His canine teeth had all elongated, and he knew instinctively that he could produce venom. He leaned forward and banged his head against the mirror. Repeatedly.Fuck, this was not good. He was some sort of freak of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
AU
Alternate Universe
Spider-Man - Freeform
Monsters
Monster - Freeform
Transformation
Mutation
Hurt/Comfort
Friends to Lovers
Cute
crack-ish at times
Masturbation

fandom: 
Deadpool/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

