Chapter 1: So Close and Yet So Far
    




Chapter Text

 


For karone-sakura I hope I do this justice.

  It was funny how life could blindside you so quickly. One moment you’re on top of the world. Everything perfect. Then in a single horrifying moment it’s taken from you. He really shouldn’t be surprised. His life seemed to have been a continual series of ongoing unfortunate events. The worst part though he’d really thought things had been looking up; for once in his shitty life he had a good thing.           Now as he sat in the to bright hospital room, washed white by the florescent lighting that hummed just below the steady beep of machines, he was reevaluating his previous optimism. Heartbreakingly beautiful eyes regarded him curiously. The eyes of  a man so intimately familiar, it made his heart race and chest ache. “Hello,” he said softly, that voice, deep, smooth. It could command men just as easily as it made him weak in the knees. “Hello,” he retuned just as quietly, wondering why he was having such a hard time catching his breath.           Tony knew something was wrong; something had changed. It was the eyes that gave him away. There was no recognition in those deep blue depths. “I’m sorry who are you?” he cocked his head to the side, giving an adorably confused look. One that was a terrible mixture of curiosity and apology. Iron Man swallowed thickly, “Anthony Stark,” he was proud his voice didn’t crack and break like he wanted too. “Oh,” the other paused looking away. Brows knitting together in confusion before turning back his expression pained, “Who am I?” -#- 24 hours earlier… Metal, and tools went flying as they hit the table with force, the man in the dirty tank and stained jeans unable to help as his lips twitched in a grin. No small feat as they were pressed against those of his boyfriend of a year. Strong hands on his hips were flicking open the jeans allowing loose denim to bunch around muscular thighs.           Eager hands working the pants down of the other man, pushing kakis to pool around the bigger mans ankles. Lips mashing, tongues, dueled as they maneuvered around the machine strewn room. Pants stumbled out of with a quite chuckle. Nearing the couch, the last layer of clothing was shucked, before it was all warm naked flesh rubbing together.           Tony pushed the big blond down, admiring the flushed, muscular frame. Full kiss swollen lips quirking, “Like what you see?” Tony’s heart did a little stutter step in his chest, “When did you get so sassy?” he teased crawling into the man’s lap, thrusting hips teasingly. “When I fell in love with this loud mouthed, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.” Said billionaire’s mouth hovered an inch above the others lips. “Ex-playboy.”           Conversation forgotten as they devoured every gasp and moan. Big fingers pressing against the inventor’s lips, the dark haired man sucked eagerly, grazing teasing teeth along the thick digits. Steve shuddered, moving quickly, well-slicked fingers probing his boyfriend’s sensitive entrance.  Wrapping toned arms around the big man’s neck he arched back against the questing fingers. They could do slow and sweet later; right now he just wanted to feel Steve.           His blond lover was apparently feeling the same way; catching the urgency, he worked fast, stretching him. “Please,” he groaned against the sweet lips, the big man pulling him flush. Hands steadying slim hips, Steve guided himself inside the tight wet heat.  “Steve,” Tony moaned, trying to relax as his lover slid deep inside. God he loved having Steve inside him. Joined so intimately, their heartbeats syncing. It was sappy as hell, but Tony couldn’t bring himself to care when those dazed blue eyes looked at him from under ruffled blond hair. Smiling at him so sweetly…it scared him how much he loved this man.           Tony was moving then hips rocking as he ground down, pushing him deeper inside. His workshop and its familiar noises fell away. It was just the two of them here in this moment of perfect bliss.           It was Tony who found his release first, that hot, tight coil of pleasure unwinding with blissful surrender. Arms and legs squeezing tight, “Steve,” he murmured in surrender tremors wracking his frame. The blond could feel Tony tighten around him, wanting to draw the moment out forever. Apparently his lover had other ideas, teeth nipped his neck, and a heated whisper was in his ear, “Let go babe.” That was all it took. With one last deep thrust he was filling his lover hotly. The name of the man he loved a cry on swollen lips. Humming languidly they kissed unhurried, a sated mess on the lab couch. Tony chuckling when he felt a big hand smooth down his spine settling on the inked flesh on the middle of his back. Fingers caressing the spot Steve had a fetish for the tattoo there.            An irate beep from across the room had them breaking apart, DUM-E whirring and clicking annoyed with them as he picked up sc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Romance
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
PTSD
Memory Loss
Evil Sharon Carter
Tony Feels
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Feels
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
Sappy
BAMF Clint

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

