Work Text:
It always felt good to start with, not that that was what put Steve in this situation to begin with. No matter how he acted, he never truly wanted punishment. He just accepted that it was something that he needed every now and then, something to alleviate the stress of having the world on his shoulders. He never intended to act out it was just something that happened as a result. 

He had been distracted, less willing to submit, and tense. Tony had to give him an order three times before he actually followed through with it and Tony had stroked through his hair when he was finally down on his knees.

"What's wrong, babe?"

Steve had shrugged, barely even hearing the question and Tony had yanked a handful of his hair to get his attention. 

“Hey.”

Steve looked up, finally looked at Tony, and his tired eyes sluggishly blinked.

"You've been acting up lately, Steve. Do we need to fix this?"

And Steve had shuddered, taking a deep breath. He knew what he needed, but that didn't mean he was looking forward to it.

"Yes, sir." 

Tony had kissed him and told him that they would finish this later. The wait would practically kill Steve, but he nodded. It was part of the punishment after all.

So there he was, hours after their previous engagement, with his hands tapping anxiously on his knees. Tony was getting the machine ready that would be the thing to actually carry out his punishment and Steve was dreading it and looking forward to it at the same time. He shivered, just thinking about it. Why was it always so chilly inside of Tony's lab anyway? But then again, Steve thought, he was naked.

"All systems are ready, sir," JARVIS announced and Steve's heart pounded in his chest. The anxiety always ate him away beforehand, made him uneasy like this. He almost wanted to tell Tony, no, he couldn’t do this and he knew it was going to be a long night.

Tony came over to him and put a hand on Steve's hips, while rubbing a hand soothingly up his bare back. Steve tried not to shudder and lean into the touch.

"Hey, relax."

Tony smiled before pulling him into a deep kiss and the hand on his back moved down to cup and to squeeze his ass. It lasted long enough that Steve could feel himself getting a little hard and he tried his best to will against it, with no luck. When Tony finally pulled away he asked,

"Did you prepare yourself?"

Steve flushed and nodded, trying to ignore how good it felt to feel Tony's hand stroke his face. 

"I really wish you could behave without this. I wish you didn't feel like you need this," Tony sighed, a rare display of honesty. Steve nodded, because he wished he could too, and Tony led him to the bench in front of the machine. There wasn't an "official" name for it; sometimes it was referred to as the fucking machine, because that's what it essentially was, but more often than not it was left nameless. Steve lay down on the bench, grateful for the cool material that covered it, because it felt like his skin was already on fire. 

Tony directed him backwards and he felt the attachment to the machine brush against his ass. He tried not to tense, but it was hard and he bit his lip when he felt Tony probe open his hole and the slick end of the attachment pushed inside of him. It was barely anything yet, designed to grow in girth and hardness the longer this went on. Steve didn't know the logistics of how it worked, but he knew that Tony had spent a large amount of time building this, simply because it was difficult to punish him any other way.He swallowed when he felt Tony wrap the restraints around his arms, which were attached to a pulley system in the ceiling that he couldn't just rip off without hurting himself. He sometimes got a little frantic near the end and needed something to hold him down to continue to go through with it. Almost as an afterthought, Tony strapped his ankles to the legs of the bench to keep his legs spread open and accessible. 

"What color?" Tony asked, like he always did beforehand. Steve sighed, slowly getting used to this predicament again,

"Green."

"Alright then..." Tony muttered absently, picking his tablet and sliding his finger across the surface.

"Let's rock and roll. JARVIS?"“Systems are on. Warm-up is complete.”

Steve forced himself to take a deep breath as the machine whirred to life. Tony tapped something on his tablet and said,

“I’m going to start you out easy, okay Steve? Ten percent.” 

The attachment grew in thickness, not more than three fingers, and began to slowly thrust in and out of him. It was torturous, designed to bump against his prostate with every motion and Steve’s cock eventually grew hard against his belly. A dull haze of pleasure grew over him and Steve knew not to trust this. The first time he came, it would be the easiest, no matter how long Tony drew it out.

Ten minutes in he was dripping, aching for release. He wouldn’t beg though, not yet, no matter how much he wished it was faster, more direct and not this languid pac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fucking Machines
BDSM
Dom/sub
Hurt/Comfort
Multiple Orgasms
Bottom Steve
Bottom Steve Rogers
Sub Steve Rogers
Overstimulation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

