Chapter 1





Chapter Text

-o-
Bucky tilted his head to and fro as he watched over his new family like a hawk. Steve was presently reading in the large common room of the Avenger compound. Looking comfortable and relaxed. Natasha was rummaging around the pantry, just in from a three-day mission and was singing some pop-song as she looked for her secret stash of M&Ms before she relaxed for the night. He feared to tell her they weren’t so secret and he’s taken some into his own room to munch on in the middle of the night when he couldn’t sleep.The others, he could tell, were starting to finish up whatever duties they preformed when on site. Bruce and Tony would soon be up from the underground labs. Clint would be in from the outdoor garden he convinced Tony to put in as Barton doesn’t believe in canned corn, and Sam was finishing up his air-practice.The only four people of the family he couldn’t sense was Peter (deep in the city miles away), Wanda and Vision (on honeymoon in another continent), and Thor (in like another dimension? World? Spaceship? Bucky still wasn’t sure). Oh and Scott…but Bucky liked to ignore him cause it made the insect-man mope. He also hoped T’Challa choked on his expensive imported wine and piss himself as he died because no one deserved to be so perfect.It was still something he was growing used to: being aware of his altered highly sensitive body. Most days he found it fascinating. Other days terrifying. Today he was enjoying the fact he could tell where everyone in his pack was. It soothed him and made it easier for him to think and notice other things.Over the past few months he’d really sat back and studied everyone. He learned their quirks, habits, and weaknesses (apparently once turned assassin creepy stalking just stuck). He wasn’t pack-Alpha, somehow that fell on actual five year old Tony Stark’s shoulders, but he felt it his duty to look after all of them since he could.Besides, he loved all of them. Even Sam (seat-hogging bastard) and stupid danger-kink moron (for the love of God, stop jumping off things) Steve. Even Tony, whose egotistical Alpha-ways put the whole group to shame.Still, even with all his adoration and stalking he couldn’t help but miss a few details. His brain was clearer than it had been in over seventy-years but it wasn’t his fault that he couldn’t always tell what he knew, what he remembered, and what was fantasy. So, he’d ask questions at random points just so he could know. Just so he could protect.

“Still no mate?” He asked, the idea finally popping into his mind. Maybe it was from a TV-show or magazine he’d happened upon. Sex and mating were pretty big topics after all. And once a question was in his head Bucky needed to know.



“Hm?” Steve blinked at his best friend, realizing the question was intended for him. “Nope.”



“Hmmm,” Bucky stretched against the comfortable couch. His back popped and man did it feel good. “I find that surprising. I thought Stark would’ve mounted you a long time ago.” Bucky noted. He had smelled Tony’s lust for his friend the moment they finally met face to face and it always surprised him that the Alpha hadn’t done a damn thing about it.



Steve blushed and Bucky found himself briefly wishing things were as they once were. Where he had been the intended and they had had their children and nothing had gone to Hell. But the moment passed and Bucky found there was still no regret. It wasn’t meant to be and he was happy in his new situation.



“Honestly…we’ve never really talked about these things. I mean mating and such.” Steve turned off his electric reader, provided by Stark of course, and turned to his friend. “Funny, huh? It’s still a sort of taboo conversation I guess? Or no one is really interested because it’s normal? I had talked to Fury and he filled me in on some things and besides an occasional drunken night where I can’t be included in conversation…” Steve grinned sheepishly.



Once it was out that Steve was, unsurprisingly, a virgin the group thought it best to back off on bragging about their conquests. Though not uncomfortable Steve did appreciate their actions.



“So it’s just been sort of no need to discuss.”



“I keep telling him he needs to get out and find someone. He’s too pretty to be locked in a cage.” Natasha said as she entered into their small pow-wow, a bag of sweets in her hand, flopping on the couch and toeing off her far too high to be practical heeled boots. “Only lasted a few days then, well, you showed up.” She gave Bucky a look.



“Love you too, She-Satan.”



“Love your nicknames for me, Russian-Brother.” Natasha looked back at Steve, a smirk on her face. “Now that I am reminded about your…lack of excitement and we finally have no super-evil organization after us, perhaps it’s time to get back to matchmaking.”



“Stark?” Bucky pushed, giving Steve a look. 



“Stark?” Natasha’s brow rose. “I mean, if it helps get steam out from between them, cause god knows there is a lot, then ye
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Virgin Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Top Tony Stark
Possessive Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Humor
Crack
Fluff
Language
Bucky regrets nothing
Dirty Talk
Mildly Dubious Consent
D/s undertones

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

