Work Text:
He’s still mildly shocked that something like this can even happen. In this day and age, with all the security protocols Tony’s got.It’s a Friday, when Steve leaves to get Chinese and comes back to find an empty workshop and 100 terabytes of corrupted security footage it takes S.H.I.E.L.D. five days to reconstruct.Fury assures him that they’re going to do everything they can. That it’s not good for anyone for Tony to be in enemy hands. They want him for something, probably. Building things. Steve’s stomach twists, because Tony’s told him about the last time someone wanted him to build something. It’s being handled, Captain, is what Fury says.Steve hears what Fury is cleverly not saying. That Steve needs not to go, because S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn’t negotiate with terrorists and really, what needs to be done is a calculated strike. Tony knows too much about military tech and defense systems and things that explode. He’s worked on government contracts. Fury just barely stops himself from saying liability.Steve stands there, choking on words he can’t say, because. Because Tony isn’t a liability, Tony is a person, and Tony shares his bed, and none of it matters because right now he’s probably being tortured (all over again), and there’s nothing Steve can do about it.Iron man, Iron man, Iron man, he thinks, as he rides back to the Tower, where Tony was and isn’t anymore. Tony Stark is Iron Man.Steve wonders if that’s enough, and then he realizes that he’s never been so terrified in his entire life. - - - “No,” Tony says, the first time they ask.Possibly he’s not thinking straight. They drugged him (in the middle of the fucking day, waltzed into his sub-basement and disabled his security protocols and stuck him in the neck, and.), and then it’s hazy, but he woke up in a pitch-black box, his hands cuffed to his feet, freezing cold, the rush of air in his ears.They’d opened up the box sometime later, after he’d quietly screamed himself hoarse and tore his fingernails up scrabbling at the inside, trying to get out.That was his first mistake.They’d thought it was funny. They’d also thought it was funny that he asked for his clothes back when they took him off the plane and walked him outside in the freezing fucking cold before secreting him away in their dumb little bunker in the middle of nowhere. He doesn’t know where nowhere is, but all the signs are in Cyrillic, and they’re carrying AR-74’s, so Tony is willing to be good money these guys are Spetsnaz.Just his luck.“It’s just a sequence,” the man says, in perfect English. “Protons and neutrons, Mr. Stark.” He’s the hirer, Tony presumes, he’s wearing a labcoat and he looks like a fossil, not the beautiful, blond kind, the kind he could take out with a well-placed roundhouse and call it a day. “It’s not treason, not really,” he says, smiling, and he sits at the table in the middle of this bare, grey room, and winds his knobbly fingers around his cup of tea. “It’s an outstretched hand. You’re a scientist. You’d be helping the entire scientific community. It would be selfish not to.”“It’s patented,” Tony says. “Sorry.”The man laughs, and Tony tries not to be alarmed that the guys are grabbing him again, that they’re pulling his arms around behind his back, that they’re restraining him again –“I thought you were a pioneer,” the man says reasonably.“I am,” Tony says. “It’s profitable, actually, being a pioneer, see, I’m not in the habit of – hngh.” He hisses out a breath, because one of them has just struck him, squarely in the ribs. He thinks some of them are cracked. He wheezes and tries not to move.“Show me how to synthesize it,” the scientist insists.Tony looks at his knees for a moment before he responds, because this is toeing down a road.“No,” he says. - - - The first attempt fails.Steve doesn’t know how that’s possible, except he does. It fails because Fury won’t let any of them in on this. Fury especially won’t let him anywhere near this. Steve isn’t sure why, because Fury can’t know, there’s no way, because they’ve been so careful and blacked out the windows and they don’t touch in public.But apparently it doesn’t matter, because Steve isn’t assigned to the assault team.So Steve storms onto Fury’s bridge, makes it abundantly clear he’s not going anywhere, and watches as he runs his fucking op. He listens to them drilling through 30 feet of permafrost. He listens as they storm the compound, and he tells himself they do this professionally, they aren’t going to shoot him accidentally.It doesn’t matter, though, because Tony isn’t there. There’s only a cell with blood and the clothes Tony was wearing (five days ago, five fucking days) and a back tunnel that leads up to the surface that they don’t find in time.They get the scientist that wanted him, though, some relic from the Cold War, who looks like he’s about to fall over when they sit him down in Interrogation 1. Steve takes the liberty of backhanding him across the face anyway.Fury puts him in detention fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Spetsnaz
Water Issues
Torture
Falanga
Hurt/Comfort
It's Practically Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

