Work Text:
As a child, Tony Stark read Captain America comics and everyone knew it. Jarvis indulged the hobby and Tony would often find latest issues tucked into the side of his bag. When his mother caught him reading the comics instead of the classics, she chastised him with a smile.His father, though, his father worried.
“It's improper for him to be so invested in fairy tales, at his age.” Tony froze on the stairwell as his parents argued in his father’s office. 

“They’re hardly fairy tales, Howard. You knew the man!”

“We’ve both seen the way he idolizes those pictures. He practically blushes at some of them- it's indecent Maria.”

“Oh, so this is about THAT then?” 
It was always about THAT back then, his burgeoning homosexuality. But they were wrong anyway, it was never about Captain America.Of course Steve Rogers was a good looking man but it wasn’t the Captain that caught his attention. It was the Sergeant that remained in the shadows, coming out to quip or kill Nazi-bastards.Tony imagined that they would’ve been great friends and, late at night when Captain America was off dancing with Peggy, they’d banter each other into a bunk and fuck the night away.He would wrap a hand around his hard cock late at night and imagine Bucky biting into his lip, imagine flipping the man over so that Tony could look under him and see Bucky’s eyes widen in shock then darken with arousal.  Tony Stark read Captain America comics and everyone knew it, but it was only ever about Bucky Barnes.~~~The Icon in red, white, and blue spandex sent an order to him through the comms. Tony couldn’t help it, his mind flashed to his old comics; the same red, white and blue spandex around the same glorious, red, white and blue backside. Only this time he was giving orders to a different brunet.Had Tony Stark just become his own first crush?“Iron Man, do you copy?” Tony hovered over a horde Chitauri and tried to remember he was in a battle.Except, he was remembering a panel from one of his favorite comics where Captain America led a tank to some Nazis after Bucky failed to return from a recon mission. Barnes had ridden ahead on a horse, his snug blue and red uniform back dropped by the snow but you see in the next panel, after Captain America finds him, that he's a mess. His mask torn off, hair wild, and his cheeks were painted with a flush.Tony remembered. He had hung on that page, Bucky looking weathered and beautiful, even as he read in his periphery Captain America call, “Bucky, do you copy?”This was completely fucked up.“I told you I had First Street covered, Captain Wonderbread,” Tony responded. Yes, sarcasm and deflection. That's how Tony would handle the turn of events that was being on a team with Captain America.Later, (after the battle, after the Hulk had ripped off his helmet and Tony saw Captain America’s face open with relief and awe,) Captain cornered him in the shawarma line.“Captain Wonderbread?”“What?” Tony asked. “Wonderbread is a fine, wholesome product. It was a compliment.”“Sounded more like insubordination.”Tony, who was leaning against the shawarma counter, clicked his heels and saluted with a wink. He couldn’t resist countering Captain America’s attempt at asserting his Avenger’s hierarchy. “Are you looking for a new yes-man because, though I do see the striking resemblance between me and Sergeant Barnes, I don't think I have the temperament.”Something flashed then in Steve’s eyes and in that moment Tony knew many new things. The most important of them were: one, this right now, was the first time he had ever referred to Captain America as Steve in his own mind; two, that Tony only did so after seeing Steve’s eyes morph into a blend of humor and hurt and yearning and loss, had to mean something and; three, Steve and Bucky may have more between them than the comics wanted America to believe.Steve's smile never left his face and damn did it blind in real life. “Bucky was hardly a yes-man,” he chuckled and stepped closer, leaning his forearms on the shawarma countertop. When he met Tony’s eye, his expression turned serious. “But you should know, I don't expect you to be a soldier. We need to work together and someone needs to call the shots.”“Yeah, yeah, or too many cooks in the workshop. I get it, Wonderbread.”Steve rolled his eyes at the nickname and oh, it was definitely going to stick. Captain Wonderbread blushed a bit too, which was fun for Tony to see...on top of being incredibly attractive. Tony swallowed away the thought.“Well good, Shellhead.” Steve put his arm around Tony and led them to their table - the only table, in the destroyed shawarma shop. The solid weight of it made him yearn for his suit. But he also yearned to lean in, press a little closer, like he remembered Bucky used to do at the end of the comics.~~~Time passed and the Winter Soldier emerged from Hydra. Steve knew it was Bucky; Tony knew CCTV. So, Tony helped Steve find him.Tony did not think about Bucky Barnes.It was another late night at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
OT3
Shaving Bucky Barnes
Possessive Steve Rogers
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Pining Tony Stark
I really just wanted Tony to have a childhood crush on Bucky
and shave off all his scruff
and then this happened.

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)

