Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The thing is: Stark’s eyes are incredibly big.  They're almost too much for his face, almost to the point of looking abnormal—but he manages to pull them off, somehow.Mostly by keeping them hidden, Bucky recognizes, now that he thinks about it.  Stark does it on purpose:  he shields his eyes behind smirks and leers and ridiculous sunglasses worn incongruously indoors, or keeps them narrowed or squinted or aimed away under some dramatic, exaggerated expression.Bucky can’t help comparing:  it’s the exact opposite of how Steve is.  Steve holds himself open, inviting, honest and unadulterated.  He practically radiates irrepressible, natural charisma.  And precisely because he does nothing to enhance it (he doesn’t need to, want to, wouldn’t know how to), everything about Steve draws the gaze to the details:  the piercing blue eyes, the perfect blond hair, the shape of the musculature under his combat suit.  The innate magnetism that emanates from his body: believe in me and follow me and adore me.And so everyone does.In contrast, Stark’s whole body is artificially flashy—his clothes, his gestures, his swagger.  It’s all calculated, engineered, to create a big, showy picture that distracts from the details:  his wary look, the strain around his mouth, the way his hands shake, sometimes, for no reason.So, Bucky’s nothing if not observant, but even he doesn’t notice those (large, disturbingly expressive) eyes, not really, until after the fifth or sixth time Stark fucks him.The thing is:  Stark mostly keeps his eyes shut when he’s fucking Bucky.  He’ll slit them open now and again to squint down, to make sure Bucky’s not writhing in agony, or frozen in another horrible post-traumatic flashback, or something—but Stark always closes his eyes again or looks away, quickly, as soon he’s assured himself that Bucky is clear and present and fucking him back in an appropriately participatory fashion.At first, Bucky’s not as careful, himself, about avoiding eye-contact.  For the simple purpose of moving things along, Bucky generally keeps his gaze on Stark’s face whenever they’re in a position that allows it.  He knows, from experience, that it’s helpful to track visual cues during a session so that he can judge if the person fucking him is getting close, or if the guy needs a little extra encouragement, or whatever.  That way, Bucky knows exactly when to flex or clench or grind down—or even when to just speed his hand up on his own cock, if that’s required—to bring the proceedings to a successful and satisfactory end for all involved.  Accomplish mission goals within acceptable time parameters, he thinks.Anyway, Stark mostly keeps his eyes closed or averted, but that’s completely extraneous to the objectives at hand, so Bucky doesn’t really give it much thought.So, it’s not during the actual fucking that Bucky really sees Stark’s uncanny eyes for the first time:It’s after, when Stark is sitting up in the middle of the wide, too-soft bed with the too-white sheets—imported, 1500-count Egyptian cotton and changed every night for optimal comfort, whether Stark sleeps on them or not.  Stark has his knees drawn up, his arms draped over them, shoulders hunched, and his head hanging as he pants a little, still recovering from his orgasm.  Bucky watches him for a long moment from his own position, unmoving, lying on his back.  He’d gotten turned around at some point—some change in direction or angle or intensity of thrust had caused tonight’s session to end with Bucky’s head to the foot of the bed and his feet up by the pillows.  The position is as adequate as any other, so Bucky stays there for a while, motionless, waiting for his own heartbeat to come down to a baseline normal rate.He shifts his gaze, idly, up to the high ceiling of the penthouse master suite.  Bucky thinks about his schedule for tomorrow—therapy in the morning (mandatory, futile, pointless), lunch with Natasha, a workout, he needs to do his laundry at some point, and—dinner with Steve.  He feels himself smile, a little, for the first time since he climbed onto Stark’s bed tonight.Bucky’s body tends to automatically fall into a state of complete stillness when he’s resting, or whenever he’s not consciously trying to avoid being motionless (It’s fucking creepy, Clint had said once).  It’s a sniper’s trick, and a defense mechanism:  it’s never a good idea to attract attention when he doesn’t need it.So, when Bucky shifts, finally, wincing at the squelchy feel of Stark’s come leaking out of him and onto the now-crumpled sheets, the sudden movement catches Stark by surprise.  Stark looks up, reflexively, his expression open and unguarded for just a second.  And that’s when Bucky first really notices them:  Stark’s eyes, wide and brown and ridiculously, almost incompatibly huge against the backdrop of his strained, tired-looking face.Stark shifts his gaze away again, almost immediately, but not quite quickly enough—Bucky sees, he understands,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (UST)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (UST)
(all relationships fucked up every which way)

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Dubious Consent
Consent Issues
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Abuse
hydra makes them do it
Fuck Or Die
Dark
Violence
Sexual Violence
Flashbacks
Mental Instability
Mental Coercion
Aftermath
Angst
Communication Failure
Guilt
Pining
Complicated Relationships
Unreliable Narrator
Unhealthy Relationships
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
seriously--all kinds of awfulness that just goes on and on omg
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers (UST)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (UST)
(all relationships fucked up every which way)

