Chapter 1: Wasting All These Tears
    


Notes:
If anyone would like me to go more in-depth/detail about my particular A/B/O verse I will post an explanatory prologue. The only thing I need you to know is that there is no discrimination against omegas-- omegas (everyone) get same opportunity/pay/rights/etc as everyone else. Hooray for equality!This is my first fic in this fandom-- but i've been a reader since... god. Since 2010ish. NOT my first fic. IDK if Helen Cho is out of character or not. We saw her for, what, 10 minutes? YAY FOR -- what's it called when you can do stuff in fiction that may not necessarily be true IRL? I can't think of the phrase. help me.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
By the time Steve receives another call from the tiny flip phone he knows belongs to Tony, it’s not Tony’s voice he hears. Again.
“Tony?” But, he always asks anyways. To make sure.
“You asshole, Steve, I oughta–”
“Colonel Rhodes?”
“Yes, that’s me. The best friend to Tony Stark, who you beat and bloodied to a pulp both mentally and physically in Siberia! Yeah, that’s me!” There’s cursing and mumbling on the other line.
“Colonel Rhodes… Why are you calling me?” And not Tony, Steve thinks, “Has something happened?”
“Damn right it has. You… This is all your fault! If you had just LISTENED-! Tony told you, didn’t he? About the revisions the Avengers were going to make TOGETHER?”
“I- well, yes.”
“AND?”
“… He put Wanda on house arrest.”
“Wow, you are DENSE, aren’t you? Tony did that to PROTECT her. D'ya know what they wanted to do to her? What they would have done if Tony hadn’t gotten in the way AND offered to sign the Accords?”
This… This surprises Steve.
“Lemme give you some idea, CAPTAIN: you saw how they locked her up in the Raft, yeah?”
Steve grits his teeth. “I saw.”
“Imagine that, and then throw in some inhumane torturing those bastards like to call ‘experimentation’ to the mix.”
“But– Why would Tony–?”
“God, I knew you thought he was incapable and a loose cannon before, but really, Captain? That’s blind ignorance. You should know first hand how self-sacrificial that goddamned moron is. ”
Oh. And Steve suddenly understands everything that Tony had been trying to tell him and even realizes the implications behind Tony showing up to Siberia to help him and Bucky out. Steve is ashamed of himself. Again.
“I– I didn’t consider that. I’m sorry.”
“Damn right you didn’t.” Steve hears him hiccup and burp.
“Are you drunk?” The blond asks.
“Hah! Drunk! I passed 'drunk’ a looooooong time ago, Captain.” The laugh sounds bitter and angry and heartbroken.
Unease curls in Steve’s gut. He’s got a bad feeling. “Why are you drunk-calling me, Rhodes?”
“… T-Tony… That idiot… That damn fool… You selfish bastards have no idea what you’ve done. What you’ve CAUSED.”
“Rhodes.” Rogers is extremely worried now. “What’s happened?”
“… He… He… He refused to build them weapons, he refused to throw you guys under the bus, and he refused to hand over his suits. They t-took him, Rogers. They’re labeling him a traitor and giving him the sentences they couldn’t give all of you.”
Steve straightens and sucks in a breath.
“You do know what the penalty for treason is, don’t you?”
“They’re sending him to G-”
“No. Worse. They had a separate prison built for 'supers’, specifically to hold the nastiest kind of powered criminals. Do you know how many people he’s put in there? They’ll kill him, Rogers. I doubt he’d last a month,  ” Rhodes’ voice is shaking, “  and not even I can get him out of this one.”
“But he’s a–”
“‘A’ what, Rogers? A hero? An Avenger?” Rhodey scoffs, “The public thinks Tony is selfish and volatile. They all blame him for Sokovia, Rogers, nobody thinks Tony is a hero anymore. Not even himself. And you guys made it perfectly clear what you think about him as an Avenger.”
Steve is stunned into silence. “What about Widow?”
“... he protected her too. Even though she threatened him to ‘watch his back’, granted, Tony was coming off as an asshole, but she should– she does– know how he is, and what he was actually saying. Goddammit. That damn fool.”
“What? I don’t understand…”
“She left. As I’m retired… Vision is the only one with Tony. And Tony– Tony is always reminded of JARVIS around him… Tony probably feels really alone. He… he wasn’t ever going to call you, you know,” Rhodey admits quietly.
“Why not?”
“--idiot, Rogers. He… he idolized you as a child, up until his father ruined that for him too. Then, he finally meets you, and it’s like it’s his father telling him he’s not good enough all over again. You told him something like that once, didn’t you? That he’s nothing without his suit.”
And, well, Steve really has nothing to say to that because he had at one point thought poorly of Tony Stark. He also never properly apologized for that either.
“He’s on Deathrow, Rogers, you damn well better make sure he doesn’t stay there. Especially not in The Big House. He’s… he’s given so much for so ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Helen Cho & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Fix-It of Sorts
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Phone Calls & Telephones
There's A Tag For That
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Major Character Injury
Sick Tony Stark
Working Out My Feelings Through Fic
The Author Regrets Everything
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Soul Bond
Tony Stark Has Issues
Slow Burn
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Steve Rogers broke it
Fluff
Time Travel
Slow Build
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Temporary Character Death
Dimension Travel
Marvel 616 - Freeform
Civil War Fix-It
Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Helen Cho & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts

