Chapter 1: The Song I will never sing
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When Peter is five, his Aunt May explains it to him like this:“Sometimes the hearts and souls of two people are so in sync that they beat in the same rhythm, and hum in the same tune. This Melody will always be in their hearts, so they can find each other. They are soulmates, Peter. Such a perfect match, the world wants to give them a clue how to find each other.”He loves the simplicity of the whole concept. Having someone who complete's you, to accompany you through every stressful, hard and good time of your life. Having someone’s song stuck in his head all the time sounds lovely. At least when the person is supposed to be your other half, you can be sure the music will always be great. (At least, that’s what Peter hopes for. Soulmates had to have the same taste in music, right?) Peter asks his Aunt what her and Uncle Ben's song is. She hums the warm melody for him. The young boy recognizes the song, has heard her sing it countless of times while cooking or cleaning. He tells her he adores it and Aunt May ruffles his hair. Then she goes back to folding laundry. Peter sits at the couch and helps hunting around for the matching pairs of socks.He never forgets what she told him that day.-
-Just because everyone was supposed to have a soulmate and could hear the same song in their mind as them, didn't mean finding this special someone was easy. Not in a world with a population of over seven billion people. It was rather stressful and kind of a loud business, with people on the streets always humming or singing. Or listening. Always afraid to miss that one chance.It wasn't such a big deal in Peter’s childhood, because kids would only start to hear 'the song' after puberty. There was no specific date in one’s life when the awareness was supposed to start, but never under the age of ten. So kids could be kids. Playing and enjoying childhood, and not paying any mind to the melodic buzzing that always surrounds them.But when Peter gets older, the world tilts a bit and priorities slowly change.MJ informs him one day when he is thirteen that she can hear it now, beaming smile and all. Both of them are sitting on the porch of his aunt and uncle’s house, enjoying the first warm beams of sunlight spring has to offer. She even starts to sing it to him. It is a lovely melody, fragile but strong at the same time. He smiles and hugs her and tells her he is happy for her. And when his voice breaks a bit at the end of the sentence – it’s because it’s that annoying time in a boy’s life, thank you very much – and not because he has a massive crush on the pretty girl he has been friends with since he was eight.While every one of Peter’s friends starts to hear the song that promises them endless love and understanding, Peter’s own mind stays silent and blank. People start to drift away, concentrating on finding the match for life. One or two of his classmates already have found their soulmate's. And, while they are the people that would associate with someone like him because they aren't looking for their soulmate anymore - they are the ones Peter avoids the most.He is fifteen now and curls up on his bed every night, envious and oh so lonely.'I'm weird.' he catches himself thinking more and more, trying to come to terms with it. Maybe his soulmate is gone, and Peter will never hear the song. Maybe he just has to accept it and move on. There are other people like that after all. It is possible to find love without 'the song'.And then the voices start.-
-Peter is standing in the shower after a long day of school. He is so fucking exhausted he could close his eyes and just sleep right here under the dribble of relaxing hot water. His ribs hurt from the last encounter with Flash Thompson, and he is sure that tomorrow he will have a nice bruise on his hip, where he landed after a particularly hard shove. Peter is just glad it hadn't been his face today.He wouldn't have been able to explain the black eye to Aunt May, again. Or the next pair of broken glasses. 'I walked into a door' only worked so often as an excuse.He is lathering up his messy hair when -
We should take the left turn
Peter stops in confusion, hands still up in his hair, and turns around. Soap is dripping into his eyes and he has to blink rapidly against the burn.“Uncle Ben? Is that you?”Cautious, he peeks around the edge of the shower curtain, but no one is in the small bathroom with him. Uncle Ben wouldn't have barged into the bathroom with the water running, and the voice hadn't sounded like him at all, way too deep and rumbling. Peter shrugs slowly and steps back under the warm water. Maybe Aunt May was watching a movie...
There! THERE! Shoot! Now” Shootshootshoot it~!
He spins around so fast he nearly slips in the wet bathtub. Struggling for safe footing, Peter wrenches the curtain open, almost tearing it off the hooks. But there is no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Slow Build
First Meetings
not your typical soulmate AU
Sorry Not Sorry
all the feels
Suicide Attempt
Alternate Universe
Deadpool being Deadpool
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
The boys are idiots
the boxes are even bigger idiots
Hurt/Comfort
Peter can hear the boxes

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

