Work Text:
It was just past 9am when Steve poked his head into the nursery. The room was quiet except for the breathing of his baby boy. He smiled to himself, pushing the door open and creeping across the floor to peek into the crib. Tony was sprawled on his belly, head turned towards Steve, mouth open. He was still sound asleep, which was a wonder considering how hard of a time he'd had settling down last night.But then, that wasn't unprecedented: sometimes Tony had difficulty letting his little side go, even when he was in a safe place. And after the past few months, it was no wonder that relaxing and unwinding was practically foreign to him. That was why Steve - why all of them, because they all needed the break - had lobbied so hard to get this next week off, barring an unforeseen disasters that the X-Men and the Fantastic Four couldn't handle.It was going to be a good week."Hey," he said softly, dropping a hand into the crib and petting Tony's hair. He'd helped Tony to shower last night, when Tony wasn't ready for a bath yet, and his freshly shampooed hair was like silk.Tony stirred under the touch. Steve loved seeing him this way, how slowly he came awake, because he knew exactly how much trust that reaction took. He watched the hazy brown eyes flutter open and blink before focusing on Steve - right before they slipped shut again. Steve chuckled and put the side of the crib down, sliding his hands under Tony's armpits and lifting him up."Oh, I know. I know. You're a sleepy baby," he cooed when Tony whined, setting Tony on his hip and curling a protective arm around Tony's waist. He'd never get tired of the way Tony leaned into him, sweet and warm, smelling of baby shampoo and powder. He pressed a kiss to the side of Tony's head and, against all temptation to just stand there in the sunlight and rock Tony in his arms, turned towards the changing table."No," Tony mumbled, batting at Steve's hands when he was laid on the table. His movements were sluggish, like a newborn kitten, and completely adorable."Yes. You're all wet, sweetpea. You need a change," said Steve, pressing Tony back down with ease. "Listen, Daddy knows you're sleepy. But everyone is outside waiting for us. Don't you want to have breakfast out on the lawn? It's a beautiful day outside, and I think Bruce made pancakes."He kept talking as he undid the tabs on Tony's diaper, balling up the soiled material and tossing it in the diaper bin, and cleaned Tony up. He wasn't lying about the breakfast, but he had an ulterior motive for the early morning wake-up call: he wanted to get Tony on a regular sleeping schedule this week. If he didn't wake Tony up now - and keep him awake - he knew from previous experience that the fussy baby would never go down for a nap later in the morning. That was easier said than done, though. Tony had apparently given up complaining about the diaper change in favor of letting his eyelids droop, chewing his lower lip. He did that a lot when he wanted his pacifier. Steve paused in the midst of rubbing in some diaper cream and pulled Tony's lower lip free, pushing in a pacifier before Tony could protest. Tony sucked the pacifier once, twice, and his eyelids closed all the way."Sorry, little guy. Not on my watch." Steve hurried to finish with the cream, wiped his hands off, and put a new diaper on. Tony whimpered as he was pulled into a sitting position, and leaned heavily against Steve as Steve manipulated him into a onesie. It had no legs and unsnapped at the crotch for the easy access to diaper changes, but Steve's favorite part by far was the hood and the black kitty ears attached to it. Tony looked way too cute when the hood was pulled up and curls of dark brown hair stuck out from under it.He scooped Tony up in his arms and walked out of the nursery, heading down the hall and stairs and straight outside. It really was a gorgeous day; the sun was shining and it would be hot later, but right now it was warm and breezy. Steve blinked once, letting his eyes adjust to the brightness, and followed the sound of voices."Uncle Steve!" "Hey kiddo," Steve said, shifting Tony to one arm just in time to lean down and grab Clint. He hauled the laughing kid up and planted a messy, wet kiss on the side of Clint's face, just to hear him shriek with laughter. "Ew! Uncle Steve, gross!" Clint whined, swinging his legs. "Put me down!""Okay, okay." Steve set him down carefully on the grass, readjusting his grip on Tony as Scott charged up to them."Tag, you're it!" he bellowed in Clint's ear. Tony jumped as the two boys raced away, curling into Steve with a whimper. Steve patted his back comfortingly."Easy, baby, I'm right here," he murmured, walking towards the adults. Long before any of the Littles had gotten out of bed, Natasha, Bruce and Coulson had been out here setting things up. There was a chair for every adult, as well as a huge picnic blanket. Several picnic baskets of food ringed the blanket, and there was a massive toy box ri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
alternate universe - littles are known
Baby!Tony
Little!Tony
little!Clint
little!peter
little!Scott
Little!Wanda
Little!Bucky - Freeform
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Phil
Daddy!Wade
Daddy!Sam
daddy!vision
Tony is a baby
everyone else is a little older
bucky is a teenager
all the feels
Happy Ending
very little angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
but with no spoilers
bottles
Diapers
Bathing
diaper changes
Bubbles - Freeform
Playing
Crying
Cuddling
naps
Sleepy babies
Sleepy Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
tony stark deserves everything good
tony is uncertain that the team likes him
Natasha and Tony are bros
Pacifiers
Thumb-sucking
Sandcastles
Team as Family
Team Feels
it's basically just happy mush
Piggyback Rides
Puppy eyes
fury's a secret softie

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

