Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"So that's it, then. The last signature I need from you before you leave.""You make it sound like I'm going to be completely out of reach. JARVIS will know how to find me if it's urgent.""Right," Pepper said, very slowly and deliberately, and it took every ounce of will power that Tony possessed to not squirm. "I don't suppose you want to make a last minute confession as to the real reason why you, Clint, Phil and Steve are going on this vacation. Or why you're taking along Bucky Barnes. And don't give me that line about how it's for rehabilitation purposes. If it were, you would be taking Natasha too.""We just need some time, Pep," Tony said, staring at the paper as though it was taking all of his concentration to scrawl his signature on the dotted line. He knew it was a weak excuse. But there was absolutely no way he was telling her the real reason. If he had his way, no one would ever know. Unfortunately, that was a foregone conclusion when it came to the rest of the team - and Thor's mother."Time. I see." Pepper's tone made it clear that she didn't see at all, and also that she was pissed. Very pissed. She snatched the paper out from under Tony's pen and jammed it into the stack of folders on her desk. "That will be all?""Yeah. Thanks." It was tempting to call her back and try to soothe things over, but Tony tamped down on the urge as he watched Pepper click her way out of the workshop. Logically, he knew that her nose was a little out of joint because she perceived this as a secret that he was keeping solely from her. And since it was sort of true (technically they were trying to keep it from everyone, but he doubted that would comfort Pepper much), there was nothing he could say to make it better. It was shitty timing, considering that this so-called vacation was taking place a month before the StarkExpo and right after their stock had taken a nose dive, but it literally couldn't be helped.He closed his eyes and let out a long, slow sigh. "Time's it, J?""Shortly after 2pm," JARVIS answered readily. "Captain Rogers has indicated that the others will be ready to leave soon. He is in your bedroom packing."Tony quirked a smile at that, not surprised. Regardless of whether he was little or big, Steve was always taking care of him. Just as quickly, his smile faded into a frown. That was less of a comfort now than it would've been two weeks ago, before he and Clint had been kidnapped by Hydra. Hydra, who thought they could play god with experimental drugs anytime they wanted. Hydra, who had swiftly become the biggest pain in Tony's ass since Loki first showed his horned head.Bruce's initial hypothesis had turned out to be correct. The drug had essentially erased the line between their headspaces. Tony and Clint had very little control over whether they were big or little, and it was a frustrating disaster. Not to mention humiliating. Being confined to a bed for the first week made it slightly easier, but once they were both allowed to be up and around, well... it didn't take long before it became clear that some drastic measures were going to have to be taken. Thank every god in existence that the first time Tony had slipped around Pepper, she'd just thought he was drunk and JARVIS had skillfully and quickly lured her away while summoning Steve.Last week, after it became clear this would be an on-going issue, Thor had returned to Asgard to see if there was any magical cure for their new condition. Tony disliked magic, but he was willing to accept anything at this point. Bruce, in the meantime, was working on a scientific cure. Tony helped where he could, but between recuperating from the torture he'd suffered at Hydra's hands, the brand new nightmares, and the feeling that he could slip into his little headspace at literally any minute, it was almost impossible to focus. So now he, Clint, Phil and Steve were off for a "vacation" on a tiny tropical island that Tony owned. The idea was to keep them, especially Tony, out of the public's eye until things could be fixed. The scary part was, they had no idea how long it would be until a cure was produced. Or, and Tony was terrified to think of it, whether or not they would be like this forever. But he couldn't not think of it either; it was like a sore tooth, he couldn't help dwelling on what would happen if - "Hey. Hey, Tony." A warm, sticky finger prodded him in the thigh.Tony jumped, eyes flying open. "Clint, how did you get down here?""Vents.""You know you're not supposed to be in the vents when you're little," Tony said half-heartedly, not surprised in the least. He and Clint spent a hell of a lot more time together these days. It had taken Tony days to be comfortable being away from Steve when he was big; when he was little, he couldn't control the feelings of panic at being away from Steve at all. Clint, on the other hand, had been varying between clinging to Phil and either following Tony around or playing with him if Tony was fe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Aftermath of Torture
PTSD
Nightmares
Crying
Cuddling
Baby!Tony
Little!Tony
little!Clint
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Phil
uncle steve
Uncle Phil
big brother Bucky
Adult baby
but only tony
clint is around four years old
mentions of torture
Thumb-sucking
Pacifiers
Diapers
Bathing
washing
pull-ups
Big Brother Clint
Platonic Cuddling
Magic and Science
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Phil Coulson
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Headspaces
uncontrollable headspaces
stuffed animals
Teddy Bears
consensual age play
aftermath of kidnapping
Babysitting
Wetting
Accidents
Angst
Angst with feels
all the feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
tony is having a hard time
they all are really
sippy cups
bottles
Self-Esteem Issues
Insecurity Issues
Vulnerability issues
Sleeping Together
Vacation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

