Chapter 1: Ticking Down
    




Chapter Text
Chapter 1 – Ticking Down
There was something almost soothing about being on the edge of an apocalypse, though Harry knew that anyone would think he was crazy if he expressed the thought out loud. The sense of urgency brought on by impending doom was something that he had lived with for most of his life. He had left when it had grown to be too much, but a part of him, the ‘hero’ part he assumed, had missed it. 
So if he was caught sprawled in one of the lounge chairs on Tony’s balcony staring out at the skyline with a ruminating smile on his face, that was the reason why. 
And honestly, he didn’t think that it was anyone’s business but his.
Tony disagreed, which was saying it mildly. He was quick to distract Harry whenever he noticed that he’d been drawn into his thoughts for too long. Tony, who had all the subtlety of a tutu wearing rhino painted cherry red and gold, had been wary of leaving him on his own, which hadn’t been much of an issue until recently. The past few days had been full of last minute alterations but now they were playing the waiting game. Harry had prepared his counter wards as best he could and the transmitter was ready to go. After endless hours in each other’s company, Harry had begun to chafe and so he occasionally pulled away for some alone time.
“Oh there you are!” 
Which Tony consistently interrupted. 
Harry covered his eyes for a moment and took the time to carefully swallow his annoyance. He understood, really he did. If Tony had died for a week and been magically brought back to life, he would stick a little close too. So there was no reason to kill Tony, no reason at all. 
The billionaire dropped down into the chair next to his, and wordlessly handed Harry a beer. 
“Was the movie that boring?” Harry asked, immediately picking at the label. 
“Eh. I was more interested in where you’d run off to,” Tony said, tone pointedly casual. 
“Tony…” 
“Plus Bruce fell asleep and started to snore. No one likes to be around for that.” 
Harry sighed and turned his attention back onto the skyline. 
“Are you going to tell me what’s up or do I have to start guessing? Because I totally will.” 
“Please god no,” Harry intoned. Then louder he said, “Do you ever think about dying?”
“I try not to, but yeah. I think everyone does,” Tony answered easily. “Why? Is that what’s bothering you?” 
Harry frowned. A part of him just wanted to tell Tony. Not only would the secret finally be off his chest, but then Tony could stop worrying. The other man was going to find out anyway. It was only a matter of time. Tentatively, Harry drew a breath, only to stop when he felt something wet and slightly oily land on the back of his hand. He looked down, eyes narrowed at the viscous black liquid that was beginning to fall from the sky. An instant later his skin began to burn, like he’d splashed hot grease on himself.  
“The hell –!” Tony bleated. 
Harry tugged the other man to his feet and practically tossed him in the direction of the balcony doors. He followed close behind, vacating the balcony right before the stuff really started coming down. Both of them stood there in stunned silence before Steve’s voice startled them into movement. 
“Guys!” he barked from the media room. “Come look at this.” 
The television had been switched over from the movie that had been playing to the local news. 
“…reports of a black rain that burns when it touches skin but it doesn’t appear to be doing any structural damage. We advise that you seek shelter inside until otherwise advised.” 
They watched with varying degrees of horrified bewilderment as the television showed footage of the black rain falling over the city, and the span of damage it could do to human skin. Harry was so enthralled that he was unprepared for Tony to grab at his hand. 
“Bruce,” the billionaire called intently.
It was enough for everyone to look over and their faces darkened when faced with the creeping burn marks on the back of Harry’s hand and arm. 
Bruce jumped to his feet, grabbing Harry’s other arm and towing him into the kitchen. 
“Jarvis,” Tony demanded. 
“Analysis of the substance reveals that it is a phosphazene class super base. I would recommend --.” 
“Vinegar!” Bruce snapped, but Tony was already tearing the cupboards apart. 
Bruce and Clint guided Harry into one of the tall bar chairs while Steve and Natasha hovered and tried not to get in the way. Harry sighed and let them fuss, complicatedly resting his arm on the countertop. Tony offered Bruce the bottle of vinegar and Bruce carefully went about splashing it on the worse of the burn. 
“The pain should be easing up,” Bruce said, glancing into Harry’s face before refocusing on his arm. 
“I’ve had worse,” Harry said. “But yeah. It feels better.”
Bruce rolled his eyes, and continued to splash vinegar over the worst of the burn until the bottle was depleted. Then he carefully lifted Harry’s arm by the wrist, examining the burn with grim fascination. 
“Bandag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Sequel to Finding Home
War
Violence
Angst
Domestic Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Bruce Banner
Alien Invasion
Hurt/Comfort
Mechanic!Harry
Master of Death!Harry
Mystery Villain

fandom: 
None
