Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Jim looked around the bridge and stifled a yawn. Not only had Spock kept him up last night – which, to be fair, he wasn’t exactly complaining about – but right now, he was bored out of his mind. The galaxy was a fairly big place, so even traveling faster than the speed of light, getting from one place to another took a lot of time, and that wasn’t something people told you at the Academy.
He turned around to look at Spock, hoping he could help entertain him, but Spock was utterly engrossed in his work, and Jim knew better than to interrupt him, otherwise he’d probably be sleeping alone in his quarters. He sighed, then took out his PADD, opening it to a chess game.
He played a game, then another, then looked at the time and groaned when he saw that only 17 minutes had passed. Days like this, he really wished his job was less interminably boring.
There was a bang and a flash of light, and three – beings – suddenly appeared in front of the navigation station. Two seemed to be human– white men, one bald and in a wheelchair, wearing very old-fashioned clothes, the other in a ridiculous magenta outfit with a helmet partially covering his head – and there was a blue-furred humanoid. They seemed to have been arguing, but were now silent, looking around the bridge in shock.
Jim was out of the chair in a flash, phaser pointing at them, along with the security redshirts and some of the other crew that were on the bridge. “Who are you?” Jim asked.
There was a pause, the three of them trading looks, before the wheelchair guy said, “I’m Professor Charles Xavier, my associates are Hank McCoy and Erik Lehnsherr. Where are we?”
Jim immediately fired his phaser at them, knocking them out in a second. Uncle Logan – who was not really his uncle, but his very long-lived ancestor – talked about the X-Men, and Jim would rather not piss off an extremely powerful telepath or a powerful anti-human metallokinetic mutant. Or Hank McCoy, aka Beast.
“Get them to Holding Bay 3,” Jim said. The cells there were designed to neutralize any special powers, which would hopefully work well enough to contain them. “And let me know when they wake up.”
 
Charles hissed as his head throbbed. When Hank had landed the plane, his head had started aching, and as they drew closer to the source of the strange radiation, his headache got worse and worse. 
“Are you okay?” Hank asked, and Charles managed to get out, “I’m fine, Hank, thank you,” his voice sounding remarkably normal. He was thankful Hank couldn’t see his pained grimace – Hank giving him a piggy-back ride to wheelchair-inaccessible places, in this case, had the advantage of keeping his face concealed.
“Okay…” Hank said, sounding dubious, but continued walking up the rocky hill, Charles’s collapsible wheelchair tucked under his arm, and Charles sent a wave of gratitude at Hank. He knew Hank was troubled by him and Charles leaving the school with no one else, leaving instruction of it to Raven, but they were both very interested in the sudden appearance of a radiation source that so far had never been seen on Earth.
Just before Charles felt like his head was going to explode, Hank stopped walking, and the headache vanished. Hank unfolded the wheelchair and lowered Charles into it, pushing it towards an arch with a kind of wavy veil in it. 
“Fascinating,” Charles said as Hank pushed him closer. “It has to be new, but it looks like it’s been here for ages.” He was going to say more, but at the edge of his mental scanning, a very familiar void appeared. “Hank- Er- Magneto’s coming.”
Hank growled, moving in front of Charles, and a few seconds later, Magneto floated onto the top of the hill, wearing the ridiculous magenta outfit and the helmet. “What are you two doing here?” he asked.
“Examining the source of a strange type of radiation,” Charles said. “We’re scientists, it’s what we do. The real question is what are you doing here?”
“Destroying it,” Magneto replied, coming over to Charles and Hank. “It might be dangerous to mutants, and what if humans figure out how to use it against us?”
“For God’s sake, Erik, let us at least examine it first before you destroy it!” Charles exclaimed. “And if you don’t want humans getting at it, why not build a covering for it? Or put up signs saying it’s a site of nuclear radiation? That should keep them away.”
“Not men like Stryker,” Magneto replied. “Or any greedy, power-hungry humans.”
“And what about greedy, power-hungry mutants?” Charles spit out. “Like Shaw. Or you.”
The ground shivered. “What did you say?” Magneto growled.
“What, you wouldn’t want to see if this could be turned against humans?” Charles asked.
“No,” Magneto answered, reaching out a hand. As Charles watched helplessly, a strange expression flashed across Magneto’s face, then he felt himself being pulled backwards into a bright whiteness.
A second, or a day, or a decade later – Charles couldn’t tell – he felt a jolt and he was suddenly in a very strang
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James T. Kirk/Spock
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Time Travel
Post-X-Men: Apocalypse (2016)
Post-Star Trek Beyond
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
James T. Kirk/Spock
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

