Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As En Sabah Nur faded from existence, Erik slowly floated down until his feet hit the ground and he could finally let go.  Letting go meant taking off his helmet, and it was like recoiling from a gunshot, hard, fast, and painful.  He'd used every last bit of his ability to do what it was En Sabah Nur had wanted, and at that moment, he felt like he could never manipulate a magnetic field ever again.  He was empty, hollow, as destroyed inside as the city around him was, and unlike the city, Erik knew he'd never be whole again.The grief for Magda and Nina came rushing back, like water released from a dam, flooding into the cavity of his body until it was all he felt, all he could think of.  The tears fell before he could stop them, the screaming started before he could stop it, and the agony he felt was something he was sure would never dull away.A pair of fingers brushed against his left temple, something he barely registered until the voice came echoing through his head.  
It is alright, Erik Lehnsherr.  The grief may consume you now but it will not forever.  You are stronger than you think.
Erik lifted his head and blinked his eyes until they focused on a young girl with red hair, the one who had unleashed the yellow-light blinding energy that helped to destroy En Sabah Nur once and for all.  She was the one with two fingers on his left temple, and it must have been her voice that he heard inside his head.  “How?”“The Professor asked me to check on you,” she said, and Erik realized he really should ask for her name.  “It's Jean.”Erik gave her a confused look for a moment before shaking his head lightly.  “You must excuse me, it's been a long time since I've been around telepaths.”“I understand,” Jean said, crouching down to look Erik in the face.  “The Professor isn't saying much right now.  He's badly injured mentally, and I'm not sure he's in much better shape physically.  But he keeps saying your name, and he specifically asked how you're doing.”Erik let himself fall back until he was sitting on the ground, helmet by his side.  “I honestly don't know how to answer that.”Jean gave him a soft smile.  “Are you injured physically?”Erik thought about it for a moment before shaking his head.  “I don't think so.  I just feel so hollow and empty.”“That we can work on back at school,” Jean said, holding out her hand.  “We need to take the Professor home.  Come with us?  I know that the Professor would like that, and I think you would too.”Erik stared at her in disbelief, wondering how she could come to such conclusions about him when they'd only been face to face for about five minutes.“Actually, it's been more like ten,” Jean said.  “You're thinking and speaking very slowly.  Also, you need friends when you're grieving.  And I know the Professor is a friend.”Erik chuckled before reaching out and taking Jean's hand.  Jean helped him up off the ground, and put an arm around his waist to steady him when he started to sway.  “My helmet,” Erik muttered, and before he could try to get it, it was floating up towards his hand.  “How?”“I'm telekinetic too,” Jean said as Erik got a grip on the helmet.  “We've sort of got a triage area set up over this way, so that's where we're going to go, okay?”They made it seven steps before Moira MacTaggert was in front of them, and the first thing Erik thought was that he was about to be arrested.  “You're not about to be arrested,” Jean assured him.  “Moira is helping us on this mission.”“Mission,” Erik laughed hollowly.  “Like you're a team ready to be deployed whenever the world needs you.”“They're not one yet,” came Raven's voice, raspy and barely legible.  “But they will be when I'm done with them.”Erik looked past Moira to where Raven was, and his brow furrowed.  “What happened to your voice?”“Don't worry about it,” Raven said, turning away from them.  “Jean, Moira, get him over here close to Charles so maybe Charles will stop mumbling his name.”Moira moved around to Erik's left side and wrapped her arm around his waist, and she and Jean walked him towards the place where Charles was resting.  Erik looked around as they moved.  There was the kid who'd broken him out of the Pentagon, the one who'd tried to talk him down with Raven, and he looked like he had a nasty leg injury.  Ororo was trying to help bandage it with what little they had, while a boy with sunglasses and a kid that looked too much like a combination of Raven and Azazel sat next to the Pentagon kid and tried to keep him distracted.  Raven was next to Charles's side when they reached him, and Jean carefully helped him stretch out on the floor of whatever this building used to be until he was lying next to him.  Raven hurried Moira away, and Jean ran a thumb across Erik's brow.  “Rest, both of you.  We'll let you know when we've figured a way out of here.”Erik watched as she walked away and then reached a hand out, linking it with Charles's left hand.  “I'm here, Charles.  Physically at l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Charles Xavier/Erik Lehnsherr
Erik Lehnsherr/Magda (X-Men)
Erik Lehnsherr & Jean Grey
Erik Lehnsherr & Peter Maximoff

freeform: 
X-Men: Apocalypse Spoilers
Post-X-Men: Apocalypse (2016)
Canonical Character Death
Novel
Grief/Mourning
Past Relationship(s)
Family Reunions
X-Men: First Class References
X-Men: Days of Future Past References
Wordcount: 30.000-50.000

fandom: 
Charles Xavier/Erik Lehnsherr
Erik Lehnsherr/Magda (X-Men)
Erik Lehnsherr & Jean Grey
Erik Lehnsherr & Peter Maximoff

