Chapter 1: Meet Anthony Stark
    




Chapter Text
“Who the hell are you?”
Steve brought his head up from sketch he was curled over, Howard’s form half laid onto the page with gentle strokes of the no. 2 he was holding. Turning towards the doorway of the sunrorom he'd claimed as his art studio, he met the eyes of…well, of Howard 30 years ago.
The boy standing in the doorway, feet planted firmly and arms crossed over his chest, couldn’t have been more than 16 or 17 and truly did look like a younger version of Steve’s lover. Well, younger and about 15 pounds heavier. Even at his age Howard was still whipcord thin, no doubt because the man lived off food he could eat on the go and coffee.  Steve had seen this boy before, in pictures on the mantle, in Howard’s desk drawer, and under the visor of Howard’s favorite car.
He placed the pencil to the side and stood, the rolling chair sliding smoothly backwards.
“You must be Tony, Howard’s told me a lot about you.”
“Really? Fascinating, because he’s never once mentioned you.”
The ice in Tony’s stare and words nearly made Steve think twice about extending his hand. But if Steve could shake hands with Howard’s skeevy business partner Obadiah and not be cowed, the teenager in the doorway didn’t stand a chance.
Offering up his palm, he smiled at the younger boy, keeping his shoulders relaxed even under the force of the boy’s withering glare.
“I’m sure you had better things to talk about. I’m Steve, nice to meet you.”
Tony sized him up and down before begrudgingly shaking his hand, manners over-riding any distaste he might have had with the situation. Footsteps echoed down the hall, Steve had learned early on to distinguish the sound of Howard’s wingtips from the other shoes in the household, and the way it sounded, the billionaire was hauling towards the room. Steve felt his brow crease in concern. Howard never ran anywhere, except on the treadmill in his state of the art gym. He stepped around the still frowning teen and stuck his head into the hallway, bracing himself on the door jambs.
Sure enough, Steve’s lover was coming down the hall at a quick pace, only to slow himself considerably once he saw Steve. He smiled gently at the man, taking in the tie pulled loose at his neck, the disheveled hair and the tightness around his brow. Howard must have had quite the day at work.
He waited until the older man was within arm’s reach before snaking an arm out into the corridor, wrapping it around Howard’s waist and tugging him in for a kiss.
Well, it was supposed to be a kiss.
What happened instead was that Howard twisted his head at the last minute and Steve’s lips brushed his temple. He blinked as the man slowly extracted himself from Steve’s arms and gently pushed him back into place inside the sunroom, leaving him face to face with his son.
Steve tried to not let the hurt show on his face, he really did, but the tightening at the corners of Howard’s eyes told him he wasn’t completely successful in that endeavor. Howard was usually incredibly affectionate when he got home, especially after a bad day. He’d throw himself into the massive chaise lounge in his study and have Steve curl up between his legs, letting the feeling of Steve’s nimble fingers tracing patterns on his stomach lull him out of his irritation.
But today there was a tenseness to his shoulders that wasn’t generally present and Steve had a pretty good idea of what was causing it.
“Tony, welcome home. How was your flight in?”
“Great, stellar, would’ve stayed longer if I’d been able. Who’s your cabana boy?”
Steve felt his cheeks flush and looked down, rubbing one bare foot on top of another as he heard Howard growl. He’d heard worse, of course, but coming from a family member it seemed so much harsher.
“Dammit, can we have 5 minutes of normalcy?”
“Normalcy? I suppose we could, if I hadn’t come home to some random twink hanging out in my house. Here, how about I’ll flip him a couple hundred, he leaves early and we can sit down and play a nice game of Parcheesi, yeah?”
“Jesus Christ, Anthony, he’s not a rent boy!”
The true anger in Howard’s voice brought Steve’s head up and he blinked at the scene. Howard and Tony had taken on identical positions, arms crossed, legs planted and equal looks of anger and irritation on their faces. Like this, it was so beautiful to see glimpses of a younger Howard reflected in Tony’s body, and to see the mature version of Tony reflected in Howard. Steve grasped all the nuances he could, saving the image to put down onto paper later. He glanced backwards towards his sketchpad, wishing desperately the situation would be appropriate to grab it and rush out a rough sketch.
But right now, staying as still and as quiet as he could seemed the best option.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Dad. What is he then? Pool boy? Gardner? Oh, wait! Wait, no, I’ve seen this movie before, he’s the personal assistant here to make sure you ‘have everything you need, Mr. Stark.’”
Steve bit back a grin. He could practicall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
AU
Dirty Talk
Genderplay
Daddy Kink
Age Difference
Teen!Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark is secretly not a dick
Bucky does not have time for this shit
Neither does Steve
Step-parenting is hell
Impregnation!kink
Rimming
Sex Toys
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Obadiah is a creepy mother
Cock Rings
Phone Sex
Masturbation
Consensual Violence
References to Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Comeplay
Prostitution Roleplay
Smoking
Tony Stark Feels
Maria Stark is a shit mother
Spanking
Night Terrors
Tony Needs To Stop Opening Doors Without Permission
Angst
Rape
Statutory Rape
Rape Aftermath
Implied Past Molestation of a Child
Violence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

