Work Text:
Strip poker, as a game, isn’t very well engineered.  Poker depends on the ability to escalate, to place larger and smaller wagers and feign confidence or hesitation to draw opponents to miscalculate.
When the consequence of a losing hand is invariably shedding a single article of clothing, skill goes out the window, replaced by sheer dumb luck.
That, at any rate, is Bruce’s explanation for why he’s wearing nothing but his boxers, while Clint and Tony are in jeans and undershirts, and Steve’s still clothed down to his damned socks.
At least Thor has fared almost as badly as he has, though his complicated outfit means that he’s still left with pants and likely undergarments as well.
The thing is, Bruce is finally staring at some improbably good cards, but Thor and Tony have already folded, and Clint’s wavering, so he’s pretty sure his four of a kind is going to net him nothing but one of Steve’s socks.
Unless.
“I raise.”
“You… can’t raise,” Clint objects.  “That’s not how strip poker works.”
Tony shoots him a glare.  “Hear him out.  Because,” Tony’s eyes rake up and down Bruce’s mostly naked body, and Bruce finds he doesn’t mind the heat in the gaze at all, “he doesn’t have a lot left to lose.”
Bruce can feel himself flush, but between the whiskey and the company, and, to be honest, his desire not to be the first one completely naked, he’s feeling bold.  “A blow job.  Worth, let’s say, four items of clothing.”
For a moment, no one speaks, and it occurs to Bruce that it’s been a long time since he’s had more than a glass of wine to drink, and longer—much longer—since he’s gotten laid.  And that maybe those two things put together have serious impaired his judgment, to the point where he read far too much into his teammates’ interest in a game of strip poker.
Or maybe not.
“If no one calls this, I am going to—“ Tony doesn’t finish.  Apparently he isn’t sure what he’ll do if nobody calls Bruce’s wager, but from the look on his face, Bruce has a feeling it would be entertaining.
Clint looks down, and Bruce can practically hear him doing the math, that losing four items of clothing gets him fully nude.  He studies Bruce’s face and shakes his head.  “Too rich for my blood.”
All eyes turn to Steve, who blushes furiously and casts a nervous glance at his cards, and back up at Bruce.  He fights a slow, awkward smile, but can’t seem to keep it from spreading across his face.  “Call.”
“Ok, show’em,” Tony urges, his lascivious grin threatening to split his face wide open.
Bruce spreads his four nines out on the table, and Steve registers it with a still deeper flush.  
Bruce entertains the old standard question of just how far down the flush extends, and finds himself looking forward to finding out when Steve places his own hand face up on the table.  Straight flush, seven high.
Bruce swallows.  The odds of two hands that good in one round of five card draw—he spares an instant to consider just what those odds are, but loses the thread of the simple calculation when he meets Steve’s eyes.
“You don’t have to,” Steve manages.
“He so has to,” Tony chimes in.  “If a man stops honoring his wagers, what happens to civilization?”
“You don’t have to,” Bruce assures Steve.  “I won’t be offended.”
“I, uh.”  Steve licks his lips nervously, and the gestures is hotter than it has any right to be.  “Wouldn’t want to make you a welsher,” he manages, his voice suddenly carrying a rough hint of an old Brooklyn accent.
Bruce stands, all too aware that his interest in the proceedings clearly shows through his thin boxers, and circles the table to Steve.  “Here, or did you want—“ he nods his head towards the door.
“It’s terrible form to leave the table during a game.”  
Bruce glances over at Tony.  “You just made that up.”
“My house, my rules.”
“I don’t mind,” Steve told him softly.  “Please?”
Bruce feels the delicious heat of arousal shiver through his body and he sinks to his knees and reaches for the fastenings on Steve’s pants.
Steve scrambles to help him, and an awkward moment later Bruce’s lips are inches from Steve’s dick.  If he’d had any doubts about Steve’s motivations for going along with this, the state of his cock is enough to assuage them.  He’s rock hard already, and Bruce can see a tiny suggestion of moisture beading at the head.
Bruce leans over and flicks his tongue out and over Steve’s slit and hears a gasp—or rather, a set of gasps, one clearly from Steve, but at least one other from their audience.
Bruce lets himself moan a little and takes the head of Steve’s cock between his lips, licking and teasing for a moment before pressing firmly with his lips just below the crown and sucking until Steve moans in earnest and bucks up a little.
“Goddamn, Bruce.  More?”
And fuck if having he pinnacle of human perfection moaning under his lips isn’t the hottest thing that’s happened to Bruce in longer than he likes to think about.  He pushes down, taking Steve’s cock deeper into his mouth.  He feels a little catch in his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Thor
Clint Barton/Thor

freeform: 
Strip Poker
PWP
written in the middle of the night
so... sorry
Orgy
or maybe Gang Bang
i guess

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Thor
Clint Barton/Thor

