Chapter 1: Debugger
    


Summary:

The room is dark without the simulation up and running. Friday turns on the lights as he moves through the room. He's a ghost workshop. The little light from the moon illuminates the place on the table where the shield lays, half under some rag that Tony isn't sure he threw or if one of the slumbering robots tossed.The claw marks look fresh and jagged down the metal. They aren't deep, only surface scratches. It feels like he floats there, because Tony can't remember moving. Can't remember putting down the long emptied glass (that's been refilled maybe one too many times). He slides his fingers down the marks. Down the indents on the metal on the side from where is hit him.He feels the ache down in his chest. Grainy footage fills his mind. Blood rushing down the side of his face, in his mouth. He killed my mother, rings in his ears.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When there is an issue with a piece of software, an engineer runs their code through a debugger.  It helps them take a second glance at everything, step by step, until they can find the source of the issue.It's the first step any developer takes when trying to troubleshoot a problem.  From 54985-466-8653Tony.  Tony lays there in Siberia, aching from every inch of his body. His false rib cage is broken. The suit is still powered, running at close to 38%.  On his screen, the list of different systems damaged, or in need of repairs, requires scrolling.  Frost is beginning to crawl up his suit as he turns the internal heater down to conserve power.  He’s starting to lose feeling in his ears and nose.So he’s not doing too hot, if Tony’s honest."Boss," FRIDAY whispers in his ear. "I've sent a helicopter to your location.""There was a moment," he says, dazed. His vision is blurry, doubling.  Then tripling.  If he squints, he can see the fight playing out in front of him.  Barnes and Steve double teaming him, and Tony quickly losing the higher ground with every attack.Steve pausing, just for a moment, before slamming the shield down into his chest.  Tony feeling just one more thing shattering in him.  Tony thinking, I trusted you."Before Ultron but after Manhattan, where I thought, maybe all this could work,” he tells the ice.  Tells the snow.  Tells the shield on the ground near him.  Tells himself.But Tony keeps forgetting his first instinct, the one that has him reaching for the scotch, the one that can sketch a fully functional design for a new gun when he lets his thoughts wander, usually isn't the right one."Boss," FRIDAY whispers and she sounds wrecked. Tony huffs laugh, because she is an AI and shouldn't sound wrecked. He couldn't even get that right.  How could he build something right when he’s laying here, on the edge, about to fall off.FRIDAY is still talking in his ear, but Tony feels fuzzy, tired down to his bones, and he just drifts away - dreaming.  To: itsybitsyspidermanI don't just lie to pretty aunts in Queens. Your SI Internship starts on Monday. Wear khaki's for orientation, but after you get out of that, wear some ironic t-shirts and jeans. You'll fit right in with the nerd squad.You're in the biomedical group. Minchen is an idiot but he has decent ideas. Perez actually knows how to do good work, so he's your mentor.Don't get caught kid.-you know who   The dream opens up like so many of his recently.Cap had had his ridiculous suit on that Tony kept trying to rework - at least make a few upgrades, but Cap always dodged the offers - and had been reading a file or maybe perusing Facebook on a StarkTablet. His shield lay on the table top, and he had an intensity as he read whatever it was. Tony had wanted to make a joke, but there was something serene about his focus, that he didn't want to break.Natasha had been laughing with Bruce from their seats at the end of the conference table as they discussed travels in India. Hers had been highly edited, but Bruce hadn't seemed to care that day. There had been something there in both their faces, just a second of something that Tony sees now, and he mourns the loss for both of them. The steadiness and comfort they had wanted for a long time.Hawkeye and Thor had been exchanging stories of ever increasing ridiculousness about different challenges they had been a part of. Tony definitely doesn't believe he had been a part of a bicycle gang for a cover, and Thor, hopefully, hadn't run naked through what sounded like an Amazonian goddess filled planet as a part of his of age ceremony.He had sat to the right, windows at his back as he had worked on the scenario. JARVIS had been in his ear, softly telling him about changes he was making in the back end to the Avengers training scenario.JARVIS, something in him aches.  Tony swallows it down because he can’t wallow in that.  Not again.  Not anymore."Sir, I don't think it would be great to begin your first training exercise with specifically targeted attacks on t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Feels
Minor Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
Aunt Peggy Carter
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

