Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Giant chinchillas had not been in the brief, and Sergeant Freedom would definitely be speaking to the team’s handler about the oversight. They weren’t exactly easy to miss, after all, so someone had clearly dropped the ball somewhere. A scolding had been well-earned, and he was just the man to deliver it. “Awww,” came a voice over his comm, breaking into the happy fantasy of leveling his Disappointed Look™ at someone. “They’re kind of cute, aren’t they? And I bet they don’t really mean to be breaking things.” Damnit, why wasn’t he surprised that EagleBeak sounded enamored with the things? Now he was going to want one, and there was no way he knew how to actually care for a chinchilla. His ownership would be of the incredibly irresponsible variety.
“No.”
“But Sarge-”
“No.” Taking in the threat with American Stoicism™, Sergeant Freedom assessed the two plans that came to mind immediately, then discarded them almost as fast. Just as his mouth opened to ask his team for their input, one chinchilla opened its mouth. He braced for a roar or unearthly squeak… and was instead regaled with both music and lyrics.
“It’s the police!” the beast announced, hopping forward and smashing a police station beneath its adorable little paws. It was a move that was both somewhat ironic and entirely impossible, as the nearest station was fifteen minutes away. How had it moved here?
“Calling you!” The other six monsters crooned, swaying in place.
Sergeant Freedom was confused, to say the least.
As the backup chinchillas asked him what he’d done in those same crooning tones, the illusion shattered. Sergeant Freedom ceased to exist, and Steve Rogers lurched out of the dream world and reluctantly stumbled past the borders of consciousness. Sirens were now blaring from his cell phone, at odds with the more mellow music it joined, and Steve was going to kill Clint once he was awake enough to remember where the idiot lived. He knew Steve didn’t know how to change his ringtone, and this one was just ridiculous! Why did he keep trusting his friend with his belongings?
As he groped blindly for the device, a sense of urgency gripped him as a thought made itself known: Nat! That could be Nat or Maria calling from the hospital. The baby wasn’t due for another two months, but the pregnancy had been difficult and maybe they needed him, and-
“Fuck!” The word was less a bellow and more a whimper, but that wasn’t really Steve’s fault. Tumbling out of bed to hit the floor – hard – was enough to render any mostly-awake person pathetic. Since he’d managed to clip the charging cord with his elbow, his cell very helpfully tumbled from his nightstand and smacked him on the head; he was able to answer it before the annoying ringtone faded.
“’Lo?” he asked, sleep and fear making his voice rough. What if something happened to Maria? What if something was wrong with the baby? What if Nat was having one of her hard nights? What if Clint had finally pissed off the wrong person or gotten arrested? What if something had happened to Bucky, an unlikely but terrifying scenario? What if what if what if?
“What do you know about quantum mechanics?” The voice was entirely unfamiliar, male, and full of exhaustion.
The only possible response was to sit in silence and blink.
“Gonna take that as a ‘nothing’. Great. Just great. I can already tell this is going to be another fascinating conversation, and I’ll be dazzled by your sparkling wit. A true meeting of the minds. Jesus Christ, I can’t fucking wait. Don’t know why the hell Pep and Brucie-bear keep ratting me out to all the scientists I used to call – every time I manage to get their numbers again, they change. If I could call one of them at least I’d be able to have an interesting conversation. But maybe it’s okay. I can work with this. Speak. Bore me. Maybe it’ll put me to sleep. Hit me guy. Give me your best and blandest.”
Not Natasha or Maria, so the baby was fine and so were they. Not Clint either, though he wouldn’t put it past the idiot to have put the mystery man up to this. He hadn’t even expected Bucky, but it was a relief to know his best friend wasn’t hurt. Still, the nonsensical ranting had Steve grasping at straws, and he really didn’t know what he was supposed to say… and he was feeling vaguely offended. He wasn’t boring. Sure, he knew jack squat about quantum mechanics, but he wasn’t boring!
“Still waiting, guy. Fuck, you’re even more boring than I thought. Or did you fall back asleep? You did, didn’t you? You fell back asleep and I can’t sleep and you’re just rubbing it in my face, you bastard. Fine. That’s the way you want to play? Fine. I’ll wake you back up. Dummy!”
First he was boring, then a bastard, and now he was a dummy? This man was awfully insulting, and Steve was pretty sure he ought to just hang up. Yeah, that was the best option. Then he could get up off the floor, crawl back into bed, then fall asleep and finish his dream of Sergeant Freedom and the Revenge Bri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Implied Pepper Pots/Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
AU
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fluff and Angst
Sexual Humor
Language
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Likes to Give Them
slight crack
Author Is Sleep Deprived
I Don't Even Know
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
intense friendship
handwavey medical science

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Implied Pepper Pots/Bruce Banner
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

