Work Text:
Late August brings with it the sticky kind of heat that hints at the thunderstorms to come after, not quite overwhelming but enough to make the air a little thicker. Heady. Bucky’s unsurprised when half-assed attempts at making plans are abandoned in favour of making out on the couch, lazy and sloppy and so damn sweet while time slips by syrupy-slow.“Oh, baby, look at you,” Bucky murmurs against the curve of Steve’s jaw, drinking in the sight of him from every angle. Steve looks good, laid out underneath him, hair mussed against the cushions. There’s a soft patch of skin where Steve’s pulse kicks an excited rhythm and Bucky noses at it, Steve’s head lolling back to make room for him. Bucky sucks a bruise to his neck and then another, just because. Steve makes the softest sound, low in his throat, fingers of one hand sliding smoothly around the back of Bucky’s neck in encouragement and Bucky’s gonna go up in flames right here, feeling hot all over. “God damn, sweetheart,” Bucky groans, “driving me crazy here, case you ain’t noticed. Got me all fired up, Stevie. You gonna do something about it?”Bucky has to prop himself up on one hand, then, just to look at him. Could look at him all day, truth be told. There’s nothing like it; got the best damn view in the whole world right here in this apartment.“Yeah,” Steve says, and when he smiles it touches his whole face, his whole body, radiant. Storm clouds are crowding the evening sky outside the window, casting shadows, and yet it feels like the entire room got that bit brighter. “Yeah, maybe I will do something about it. You got any ideas?”Bucky grins down at him. “Got plenty,” he says. “What, the heat getting to you Rogers? Too damn hot out to think straight? Seems to me like I’m doin’ all the work today while you just lie there and take it.”He touches his thumb – flesh and blood – to Steve’s mouth, still smiling, hooking the tip of it into the corner and letting it dip inside where it’s all slippery-hot and perfect. He drags it along a fraction, smearing wet like gloss, and it looks so pretty he has to lean in and kiss him again, Steve’s satisfied hum of pleasure setting him off groaning. The guy’s unreal. Hardly a day goes by when Bucky doesn’t ask the universe how and the fuck did I ever do to deserve all this.“Actually, I was thinking,” Steve says. He doesn’t even give Bucky the chance to reply; he’s barely opened his mouth before Steve looks him in the eye, frowns and socks him lightly in the shoulder, laughing.“Hey,” Bucky complains, wide-eyed and innocent, “I never said a damn thing.”“Well,” Steve counters, “you were gonna,” and Bucky concedes with a lazy half-shrug, smirking. “Anyways,” Steve continues softly, fingers tracing idle patterns across Bucky’s metal bicep, “I was thinking about -- the first time you fucked me, back in thirty-six? Like, fucked me, fucked me. It was summer and hot as hell, just like this. S’all I’ve been thinking about all day, Buck, swear to God it’s been driving me crazy.”Bucky’s breath comes a little shorter, his tank sticking to his spine where he’s sweating right through the damn thing. “Yeah?” he breathes. “You were thinking, huh?”He can picture some of it, that first time; flashes of memory, snapshots with no links in between. Sometimes it’s like someone’s taken an eraser to parts of his past, leaving gaps where there was writing before. Steve helps him scribble in the missing words sometimes, so it’s not all bad.“Do you remember?” Steve says, looking up at him, gentle and happy and curious. There’s something hot and wanting in his gaze when he pulls Bucky in close, a slow sway of bodies as he pushes up on one elbow to meet him. Their lips brush together, breathing the same damp air, and Steve asks: “Do you want to?”Bucky presses one more kiss to the corner of his mouth and then sits back on his heels, putting space between them before he actually combusts. Steve pushes himself up a little, half propped up against the arm of the couch with his knees drawn up so Bucky’s kneeling between the parentheses of his legs. Hell, it should be illegal to look so fine, pinup-pretty and looking over at Bucky like he’s the most important thing.“Do I want to remember? Or do I want to fuck you?” Bucky asks, and it comes out a little more desperate than he intends. “‘Cause I ain’t gonna be satisfied until I got both, doll. I know, I know, I’m greedy as sin, but you gotta let me have it, baby. You gonna tell me all about it before you let me in you?”“I’ll tell you about it when you let me get a word in edgewise, Barnes,” Steve grins, knocking a bare foot against Bucky’s thigh. Bucky slides a hand around Steve’s ankle and rubs circles there with his thumb. “Rate you run your mouth it’s never gonna happen.”“You like my mouth,” Bucky shrugs, cocky, and then adds, “did I always do that? Talk your ear off?”He doesn’t remember too well. He thinks he might’ve.“Hmm?” Steve says. He’s so relaxed-looking, pliant, distracted by Bucky’s hands
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Barebacking
Blow Jobs
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Dirty Talk
Endearments
Feel-good
Modern Era (Post-CATWS/CACW)
Porn with Feelings
Praise Kink
Pre-War Memories
Wet & Messy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

