Chapter 1: No one Can Tell Me This Isn't My Family
    




Chapter Text
Steve knew what people thought. That he didn’t have a family because it wasn’t the traditional type of one. Two parents, siblings by his side, maybe a dog, even a cat.He’d had something close to the traditional family unit once. He remembered his ma dancing around the kitchen, listening to old jazz and swing music as he clung to one of her legs, being lifted up and down as she tapped out a tune to one of her favourite songs.While he knew his pa had never left them, but instead, died when he was three months old in an accident at work, he found he could never really include his father in the picture when he remembered his old family. He only knew the man’s face from a photo. He couldn’t remember being taken out camping or swung about in the air like a father was meant to do with his son. Still though, he held on to the old photograph Ma had gifted to him of his pa on the night her cancer had won out.It was the one and only battle Ma had lost, no matter how many times Steve had prayed as a little twelve-year-old boy for her to be the victor.He’d never found a home with the traditional ones that the orphanage tried to place him in. Some of the women meant to be his new ma screamed too much while the men meant to his new father hit hard, fast and often. And when he was placed back in the orphanage, the place never represented a home for him.There were faces there though. Faces that made him laugh the way he had with his ma, made him feel safe enough to cry in front of them, made him want to give his love again after letting it go dormant after Ma left.Faces by the names of Clint, Natasha and Thor.See, he couldn’t place these people in the categories he was told he needed for the traditional family unit. According to these categories, these faces weren’t his family.But the more times Clint would crawl into bed with him because the brown-haired boy remembered his old pa far too well or every time Natasha shyly held his hand because she wanted to be reminded how touch could be used for love, not pain, or the numerous occasions Thor would jump into a fight when he was hopelessly outnumbered, the more times Steve became convinced that these people were his family. No matter what the stupid people in administration said.Once, he’d said so his old case worker, Mrs. Carver, saying, ‘Just make Clint, Natasha and Thor my new family.’Mrs. Carver smiled sadly at him, but with that hint of patronisation Steve saw most adults used on the kids here, like they were too simple to understand what they wanted and the adults had to explain things to them exceptionally slow. It always made Steve bristle when he was on the receiving end of that look.‘We can’t do that, Steven,’ she said in a calming tone that just aggravated Steve all the more. ‘As much as we want to, we can’t always pick the family we want.’After Natasha went away to a home for a month, the longest any of them had been away from each other after meeting in the orphanage, and came home with bruises on her arms from the mother, who had grown impatient when Natasha couldn’t understand some of the English words the woman had been using, Steve had enough.While the orphanage couldn’t make them a family under the country’s laws, he could and he would. He could pick his family if he wanted to and this was the one he was choosing.They ran that very night. Through the streets of New York, hardly one stranger sparing them a glance as they raced through the darkness, trying their hardest to get as far away from the dreaded orphanage and adults in it before dawn came.To say it was easy would have been a lie. Sometimes Steve hadn’t been able to sleep at all in the night because of the cold. They had all collapsed four or five times from exhaustion or hunger. Thor had even been taken by the police once when caught stealing a loaf of bread, but they managed to spring him from the car before it pulled into the station.However, one night, after they were on the run for a full year, Steve had been tucking Clint into a bed.They had taken up residence in an old apartment building, where most of the ancient ten-storey place had been abandoned because of the desperate need of repair that the owner, an old man, was too stingy to pay for. The owner himself had taken up residence on the bottom floor, refusing to leave despite the numerous holes in the floors, walls and roofs. Not to mention amount of rats. Still though, the beauty of this was the group still had running water on the top floor where they lived, their presence unbeknownst to the old man that was fast approaching eighty.Clint had just turned twelve and Steve managed to buy a cake for him. The younger boy was thrilled beyond belief, throwing his arms around Steve in a boa constrictor-like hug.As Steve made sure the blankets covered him, with half-lidded eyes, Clint had murmured, ‘Love you, Steve.’At that moment, Steve knew he made the best decision ever. At 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Kid Tony Stark
Kid Tony
Kid Bruce Banner
Kid Bruce
Kid Fic
Kid Avengers
Kid Steve Rogers
Kid Steve
Kid Clint Barton
Kid Clint
Kid Natasha Romanov
Kid Natasha
Kid Thor
Steve Natasha Clint and Thor are teenagers
Tony and Bruce are little kids
little Tony
Baby Bruce
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Angst
Hurt Tony
Tony Has Issues
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Bruce Feels
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Bruce Banner Feels
Bruce Banner Has Issues
Bruce Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Steve
Protective Clint
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Natasha
Protective Thor
Insecure Tony
Insecure Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Brian Banner's A+ Parenting
Adopted Sibling Relationship
Siblings
Sibling Love
Protective Siblings
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Avengers as Kids and Teenagers
Alternate Universe - Avengers as Street Kids
Brother-Sister Relationships
Brothers
Brotherly Love
Brother Feels
Brotherly Affection
Brotherly Bonding
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Humor
Comfort/Angst
Angst and Feels
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Domestic Fluff
Family Fluff
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Avengers Feels
Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Team Feels
Science Bros
sippy cups

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

