Chapter 1: Life's Big Challenge
    




Chapter Text
 
What Life is All About

 

Chapter One – Life’s Big Challenge
 “You’re stressed again.” A soft voice broke through Nick Fury’s eight time daily massage of his aching, throbbing temples. “I can’t see how the Avengers Initiative is going to work.” He groaned, sitting back when soft, smooth and gentle fingers took over his massage, making him relax all the tension in his body as the pain receded. “You’re thinking too hard Nick, they need to work it out on their own, they need to clash and rub together before settling into an ordered group. They’re testing one another.” “They’re not doing it quick enough.” Nick grumbled as his lover of ten years moved from massaging his temples, to his neck and shoulders, allowing him to relax further. “Unfortunately these things can’t be rushed, it takes time. Now if you had taken my suggestion of bringing them all in to get used to one another before a worldwide disaster hit, we wouldn’t be having this problem.” Nick wouldn’t help the wry smile that took over his lips. “The Avengers Initiative was shut down; I knew just looking at them all separately that they’d never be able to work well together, too many chiefs and not enough Indians.” “You don’t give them enough credit, they’ve been plucked from the four corners of the world, brought onto a giant flying aircraft carrier, shoved together and told they have to save the world. Give them a chance to get over that first.” Nick could almost hear the frown on his partner’s face and he spun around in the chair to look into the beautiful, youthful face of his lover, Harry James Potter, who was thirty-two now. He was frowning hard and Nick almost smiled. “We don’t have time to give them a chance to get along Harry. They’re supposed to be mature, rational adults, though I suppose that was too much to ask with Stark on the team.” “They’re good people; they just rub each other up wrong. Though Tony and Bruce are getting along just fine, if the good Captain would leave them alone long enough that is and Natasha is just being a loner, none of us expected to lose Clint, he’s a good man, a good Agent, to have him under enemy control is very dangerous, we need to get him back.” “Agreed, but whatever is controlling him is strong, the man shot me!” Harry’s mouth twitched and a small smile broke through. “Agent Barton knew you were wearing a vest, deep down he aimed for your chest on purpose, he could have aimed and hit your head Nick. He’s a master marksman, he can hit a target dead centre without even having to look at it, and we all know it, he could have aimed and hit any other part of your body not protected by the vest, but he didn’t, deep down he’s still in there, he just needs to be knocked to the forefront again.” “Allow me to do the honours.” Nick grumbled as he pulled Harry close by his hips, covered in the tight, S.H.I.E.L.D issue, all in one jumpsuit, that he slyly and unashamedly ordered a size smaller than Harry would have normally worn, he was human after all and Harry never made a single moan of complaint about the tight suit and it thankfully did not restrict his movement or his gun draw, it just accentuated Harry’s gorgeous body, a win-win situation according to Nick. Harry chuckled deeply and bent his head to rest a soft cheek against his lover’s bald head. “I’m just glad you’re okay.” Harry said softly. Nick pulled Harry in tighter then, moving his legs apart to pull Harry’s body between them, hugging his waist and letting out a long sigh. “I’ve got to get back to the bridge.” “You were supposed to be back in the bridge ten minutes ago.” Harry told him pointedly. “Someone’s got to fly this monstrosity.” “You created this monstrosity.” Harry grinned. “That I did.” “What do you want me to do?” Harry asked. “Try and get those idiots to get on with one another.” “I’ll do my best Nick, you know I will.” “You always do.” Nick smirked and pressed a kiss to Harry’s lips, pulling him in close before letting him go and standing up, they walked to the bridge together. Their relationship wasn’t strictly secret, Coulson, Barton, Romanoff and Hill all knew, as well as a few select others, but most Agents and employees of S.H.I.E.L.D didn’t see what was there because they didn’t want to. They preferred to think of Harry as available so they could flirt with him at will and couldn’t wrap their heads around their fearless leader actually having human needs and didn’t want to see the relationship between the two that was laid bare before them.They didn’t flaunt their relationship around like a couple of teenaged sweetheart lovers, but all the signs were there for someone to pick up on if they so wished, unfortunately most weren’t observant, perceptive or nosy enough to pick up on it and the other smaller percentage conveniently ignored it.Nick went right to the control panel and checked on anything he might have missed, while Harry slipped into a seat at the large table behind him, nex
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Minor Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

fandom: 
Nick Fury/Harry Potter

