Chapter 1: acres of longing, mountains of tenderness
    


Notes:
A kink meme fill for the prompt, "Tony is the Avengers' sub and omega. He may snark all he wants, but at the end of the day, he's happy to get down on his knees and please his masters and mistress. Bonus points for:* A consensual gangbang of Tony by the team* The team spoiling Tony in small ways: Bruce being careful with Tony even after being transformed into the Hulk, Steve being a gentleman even after banging him into oblivion, Thor affectionately calling him "svass" (Old Norse for "beloved"), Natasha being very brusque but gentle in her own way, Clint teasing Tony back and forth but reminding Tony who's in charge* Tony getting pregnant and the team not caring who the father is, but collectively treating the baby as theirs"I didn't write the male pregnancy and the Alpha/Omega dynamics in, but I'm going to do my best to meet the other requirements.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
She meets him in Budapest. Budapest, where he stands across an empty plaza on a moonless night and trains an arrow on her chest, and though she is dressed in an Alexander McQueen gown and has no weapons he is not fooled by her. He knows that she is a weapon, complete and whole unto herself. She meets his eyes, and something moves within her and settles into place, tumblers turned by his key. They are both Dominants, and somewhere out beyond this dark square and this moment there is someone waiting for them, for their loving guidance, who will not be complete without them. They are meant to be together- Natasha and this man and the person who is yet unknown- and she sees the knowledge dawn in his eyes. He lowers his bow, sheaths his arrow. Natasha crosses the plaza in moments, catches him about the back of the head as he settles rough-hewn hands upon her hips, and they embrace. Kiss. Feel out the empty space between them where another body will one day rest. "My name's Clint," the man finally gasps against her ear, when they settle. "You know mine.""Yeah. Want to hear you say it, though.""Natasha. Where is ours?"Clint blinks, bends forward to rest his forehead against hers. Over his shoulder she catches sight of a man in a suit, a mild expression, but her attention is for Clint, for the iron will of his voice when he swears, low and rough against her lips, "I don't know. But we'll find them. We'll find them and we'll make them so happy, keep 'em safe.""Yes."-She meets another man, in a dark and dank house.Bruce Banner blinks at her when she rises to meet him, and Natasha's heart skips a beat. For a moment she hopes- But no, this man is not submissive. The shudder of her heart is the same wild recognition she felt in Budapest, not the possession she one day hopes to feel, and she steps back, momentarily unbalanced. He is similarly discomfited, but they manage to complete the transaction, though neither of them can win the upper hand against each other. They are immovable objects, splintering against one another, bereft of water to smooth their edges.After they pick up his meager belongings and take a seat on the plane, Bruce is the first to broach the subject. No true shyness in this man. "Did you feel that, in the house?"Natasha was born for lies, but she cannot lie to this man: not about this. "Yes. You and I: we're bonded Dominants."He laughs, though without humor, and rolls his head back against the interior fuselage to stare at the ceiling. "Like it wasn't enough to be a freak of science, now I have to be part of a rare bond configuration. Wonderful."Natasha swallows, unused to the regret she knows she will feel when she reveals this. "Rarer than you think."His gaze flicks to her. He raises a brow. "How so?""There's three of us. Myself, you, my- my partner, Clint Barton."The air is hot, and very close. Bruce leans forward. "Three Dominants. You didn't mention a sub. Our sub."Natasha takes a breath. "We don't know who they are. We haven't found them yet, though we've tried." They've gained something of a reputation around SHIELD for making eye contact with anyone and everyone, searching, for restlessness, for the electric tension of Dominants in too small a space, itching for someone to ground them.Bruce drops his head into his hands, pushes his fingers into his hair. "I- I hoped. There's this empty part of me, that's always been there, and when I saw you, I hoped-""I know, Bruce." His name is beautiful in her mouth. "I hoped, too."She reaches for him, and he comes to her, willingly. They kiss, and it is good, and it is wonderful, and it is not enough.-She sits in the infirmary beside Clint, after Coulson-After Coulson."Clint. Have you-" she hesitates, and the uncharacteristic silence makes his attention snap to her, hold, "-have you felt anything... different, in the bond?"His eyes narrow, and he goes inward. His hand goes rigid in hers. "Fuck," he breathes. "Bruce, Cap and Thor?""Yes."He thuds his head bac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
OT6 - Relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
BDSM
Dom/sub
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Angst
Tony Has Issues
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Piercings
Sensation Play
Temperature Play
Rope Bondage
Sex Toys
Flogging
Caning
Medical Kink
Safe Sane and Consensual

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
OT6 - Relationship

