Chapter 1: Inferno
    


Notes:
Updated: 6/26/16




Chapter Text

Twenty Minutes in the Future
The once unmoving concrete walls were crumbling at an alarming rate around the once bustling science lab located in once bustling Stark Tower. It was almost as time had frozen. Gas lines were heard hissing and exploding with ferocious force and could be felt by anyone within the immediate area. Occupants of the tower could feel the building swoop and sway under their feet as aftershocks rumbled through the Stark Lab. Glass was shattering and raining down like giant hail stones on whomever was unfortunate enough. The science lab was a complete loss, someone had made sure to see the lab destroyed for whatever reason.There were people screaming and running in all directions covering their faces and eyes from the oxygen depriving fires spewing from the room. Many civilians were clearly injured as they haphazardly fell through the nearest exits clinging onto each other as if they were their last life lines. Alphas, Betas, and Omegas alike were running in every direction trying to escape the growing inferno that was slowly encasing the once large room.Underneath the many layers of rubble and smoke, a soft groan could be heard."What…" the voice questioned through soot covered teeth, "What… ha-ppened?"A battered and bruised hand was raised from underneath a mangled body to slowly rub a bruised face that was laying on the debris covered floor.Darkness began to unravel around eyes that belonged to the one, Peter Parker.Also known as the incredible Spiderman.His eyes were itchy and swollen almost shut. Every attempt he made of trying to rub the blood and dirt from his eyes resulted him pulling back in a hiss of pain. There was no doubt in Peter's mind that the irritating pain was the direct result of being tossed like a rag doll across his lab after that massive explosion."Shit!" Peter winced as he tried to wipe his eyes open once more through the stinging pain. He could feel blood leaking down the bridge of his nose and trickling to the floor pooling underneath his pounding head. The metallic smell was caught in the boy's nose and made his vision sway.Slowly, the boy's blurred vision began to finally give way to hell on Earth scene laid out before him. The genetics lab he once called his workplace was now engulfed in flames. Fire trying to crawl up every wall to choke out any air remaining in the room. Lab tables were flipped over or even non-existent. All the laboratory equipment in the room looked to be destroyed or sending off sparks of distaste fueling the small fires that littered the floor.Stark is going to be pissed, Peter thought in the back of his head with a grimace smile.With that thought, Peter tried to push his battered body up and realized quickly that couldn’t breathe as easily as he thought he could. With every movement he tried he realized he couldn’t move.Great…what could be worse?Normally when he was Spiderman, after a good beating, he could pick himself up and walk away from any situation. IF the situation went bad, he could always count on his merc to lend a grabby hand to assist him. But now, he was alone with a screaming spider sense that sent painful shivers down his spine in waves.With every feeble attempt to move, he was knocked back to the floor in a massive coughing fit. His oxygen deprived lungs screaming for relief. He pulled one of his hands out from under him to rub his bruised sides and touched his stomach.Everything is still attached thank God, the boy thought on the lighter side of things.Peter could still feel he was still wearing what was left of his white lab coat from earlier that day, though it had been charred through and was barely recognizable. He carefully shook his debris littered hair trying to regain his bearings and possibly remember that events that happened earlier in the day. He remembered that he had been working on a new suit modification for Tony Stark and he was checking the results near the fusion reactor and then… everything went white and fuzzy.He took a bated breath and rubbed his face again with his free hand immediately regretting the decision when he decidedly pulled his hand away in a hiss.Peter narrowed his eyes to his lower body to assess the situation he was currently in. Looking down, he observed his own clothes that were a mangled mess of dirt, debris, and seeping with blood.His own blood.
Great.
Peter tried to pull his other hand out from under his body to gain a better vantage point.Small fires started inch their way closer to his broken lithe body and he knew he could put them out easily if he could shoot his hidden webs towards them. He had to delay the inevitable in hopes that someone would come looking for him.
Click.   Click.
Nothing.“Shit,” Peter said under his breathe. The explosion threw him too hard against the far wall of the lab causing his web shooters to become jammed on themselves. He tried to slam one on the ground in hopes of unclogging t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Protective Wade
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter
Top Wade
Fingering
Possible Rape
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Weapon X - Freeform
Torture
Bondage
Search and Rescue
Revenge
Omega Natasha
Alpha Clint
Humor
My First Fanfic
Take it easy on me
Triggers
Hurt Peter
Not Beta Read
Sorry Not Sorry

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

