Work Text:
Wakanda was a beautiful place. It had this ethereal beauty that made Steve feel as though he was transported into a different world each time he set foot outside. Ever since Bucky had decided to go back into the ice, Steve had taken to exploring the jungle just outside of the compound’s doors. The feel of nature – the buzzing of creatures all around him – the sounds of life helped ease his deadening heart. All the drive, all the stubbornness in him had drained away the moment the tube slid shut, encasing his friend in the ice once again. He still believed that what he did was right – the Accords were nothing but a leash – but if so, why did he feel so lost?
Wanda had gone with Clint, the two of them venturing out into the city despite T’Challa’s warnings to stay hidden. Steve could understand their feeling. Anger coursed through him at the thought of Wanda, not at her, but at Tony. He didn’t understand how the man could consent to locking her up – first in the Avengers’ facility, and later again at the Raft. When he’d gone to break them out, he nearly threw up at the sight of Wanda in a straitjacket and a shock collar. She had remained catatonic even when he gently pried the collar open, and it wasn’t until they reached Wakanda that she began to stir. The rest of the rogue team had been equally upset over their time at the Raft, Sam even more so when he realized that Bucky was missing an arm, and that Tony had been the one responsible for that.
Steve didn’t manage to get a word in edgewise before Clint was cursing up a storm, the archer condemning Tony with every sentence.
Sam stayed with him, every bit the loyal friend he was, and Scott disappeared – only resurfacing occasionally when they had meals together. Steve felt a twinge of guilt at having dragged the man down with them, but comforted himself with the thought that they weren’t in jail. He’d done his part – he’d gotten them out of jail. He could have left them there, but he went back for them.
A small part of his mind told him that he couldn’t have done so if Tony hadn’t been incapacitated.
Steve shook his head, trying to clear his mind of any thoughts. The fight had happened, he couldn’t do anything about it. He had done his part by sending Tony the means of communication – a risk on his part considering he was a fugitive – and all that was left was for Tony to contact him.
A phone goes both ways, his mind whispered traitorously.
Steve ignored it.
He trudged through the jungle, taking the time to just appreciate nature. And that was all that he was doing – appreciating nature, nothing more, nothing less. When the sky began to darken, Steve turned back, his shoulders hunching the closer he got to the facility. The state-of-the-art facility was more similar to the Avengers’ compound than Steve ever thought it would be, and it pained him whenever he put together a sandwich and turned, only to find that nobody was there.
(He missed Tony)
Despite how the building reminded him of his time at the Avengers’ compound – games, laughter, family – it was also a reminder of everything that was different now.
Where the Avengers’ compound was raucous, this facility was quiet, the only sound being the humming of electricity that ran throughout the building.
Where the Compound was filled with laughter and life, this one was silent and – maybe not quite dead – but hollow.
Steve sighed and stepped into the building, the automated doors sliding shut behind him quietly, cutting off all noises from the outside. The former leader shook his head, trying to get rid of the white noise from the sudden silence. He headed to his room – if it could even be called that, he had a living room and a bedroom – intending to wash off the sweat and grime that covered him.
The moment he stepped past his door, Steve paused. Closing the door behind him silently, he reached out and flicked the light switch, the illumination throwing a black-clad figure into view.
Steve let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding, he smirked slightly, “Did you have another falling out with your wife?”
Fury leaned back in the chair, “The Avengers Initiative was created for a group of people who would fight together, not each other.”
The grin on Steve’s lips fell, his good mood vanishing entirely. Rubbing the bridge of his nose, Steve sighed, “Did you come all the way to Wakanda to tell me this? How did you even find me?”
Fury raised an eyebrow, “Don’t kid me Rogers,” the man barked, “Anyone with half a brain can figure out where you are. And yes, I came here to tell you this, why, are you feeling guilty?”
Steve scowled, “Guilty? Why would I feel guilty?”
Fury cocked his head, “Tell me Rogers, was it worth it?”
Steve swallowed. The question was a loaded one, and he wasn’t sure if he was ready to answer it. Licking his lips, he ran through everything that had happened, the fighting, the guilt for leaving his team behind, the guilt for leaving Tony alone in Siberia, but above all the exhilaration a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
not exactly a fix-it
Steve Rogers is a Stubborn Man
Not exactly Steve friendly
but not Steve bashing either
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

