Work Text:
(1)To say Bucky is unimpressed by Stark would be an understatement.It isn’t that he dislikes him. It’s more that he’s a brand of indifferent that curdles with distain on the rare occasion that Bucky catches him on the TV: Stark is glib and crass in a way his father never was, and he wears suits like he’d slipped out of the womb clad in Armani.So it’s a surprise when Bucky moves into the Tower and finds that Steve actually gets along with the guy.Clint brings it up first when the team is out in the lounge eating takeout that Bucky is more than a little bewildered by. Who the hell eats octopus and why were they able to get it delivered to their doorstep? What other crazy crap did modern people eat? Bugs? “You’re staring,” Clint points out, muffled around the straw of his slushie.Bucky switches his gaze to Clint. Then Clint’s slushie, which according to Clint is ‘blue-flavoured.’ Bucky doubts blue is a flavour, but he’s encountered weirder things in this century. “Didn’t expect them to get along,” he says, not bothering to gesture behind him where Steve is kicking Tony’s ass at pool and looking pretty happy about it.Still, Clint cranes his neck over Bucky’s head to see them before settling back in is seat. He slurps at his slushie. “Yeah, it took them a while. You should’ve seen them six months ago.”“What were they like six months ago?”Clint continues slurping obnoxiously until Bucky jerks the plastic cup out of his hand.“Hey!”Bucky stretches his arm far enough that Clint can’t reach it without getting up. “What were they like six months ago?”Clint eyes his slushie, but relents. “You know. Yelling at each other every chance they got. Everything they said turned into an argument even if it started out well-intentioned. Thanks,” he adds to Natasha as she swipes the slushie out of Bucky’s hands upon passing and hands it back to Clint.Bucky lowers his hand, clenching it around nothing. He hadn’t even heard her approach, and by the look of her smirk, she knew how much it weirded him out. “What changed?”“They got their heads out of their collective asses and realized that they weren’t actively trying to be offensive to each other,” Clint says. He chews on the end of his straw, grinning around it when Bucky makes a face. “Just in time, too. Everyone was getting fed up with them working together great on the field and then having a screaming argument on the way back home.”On the other side of the room, Steve laughs in a way that Bucky hasn’t heard since he fell off that freight train. Did Stark coax it out of him? How the hell did he manage that?“Just didn’t expect Steve to go for Stark’s,” Bucky starts, and then pauses to search for the words. “Glitz and glamour crap,” he decides on finally.Clint shrugs. He’s down to blue dregs and half of what he’s slurping is air. “Ah, Tony’s okay once you get past all the surface shit. Good luck with that, by the way. Steve’s gonna want you two to get along and it takes a while to get used to… how he is.”Bucky’s face twists. He’s eerily reminded of the situation with Sam, which continues to be a source of irritation. He’s still not sure whether his dislike of Sam is genuine or not. “What, he’s that fond of him?”“If he’s not, he’s getting there.”It sets unease off in Bucky’s gut. What if Stark is trailing Steve along, ready to dump his ass when Steve stops being shiny and interesting? He seemed like the kind of guy to bore of his toys quickly.He turns on his couch cushion to watch the two of them again. Steve is bending to make his shot, and he’s smiling, and just as he slides the pool cue towards the ball, Tony’s mouth moves around words that Bucky can’t hear.Whatever they are, they’re effective: Steve jerks enough for the pool cue to hit the ball at the wrong angle, and the ball bounces off the wall an inch away from the hole it was directed at.Tony starts laughing, but it looks different than his laughter on TV. On screen it’s practiced, rehearsed to a tee and repeated when necessary. But Tony standing next to Steve at the pool table looks nothing like he does on TV: his sleeves are rolled up and his face is creased in the laugh, his eyes bright as Steve straightens up to shove his shoulder good-naturedly.Tony rocks with the motion, still laughing. It makes him look younger, Bucky thinks.He bites back a sigh and settles back down into the couch. If Tony can make Steve relax like that and produce the kind of laughter from Steve he had heard before, he guesses he can make an effort to get along with the guy.Beside Bucky, Clint continues to slurp noisily.Bucky watches the last of the blue slush slide up the straw. “Hey.”Clint eyeballs him.“No one eats bugs, right?”The straw is pushed from Clint’s mouth with his tongue. “Uh. Yeah they do, man. There are tons of eatable bugs. You gotta try a huhu grub. Tastes like peanut butter.”Bucky groans. Then he gets his phone out and googles ‘huhu grub.’When he turns to stare at Clint, the bastard is grinning.“You’re fucking with me,”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
5 Things
POV Outsider

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

