Work Text:
There's a hand running down your left side. It's the first thing your mind processes as the fog of sleep starts to clear.
Steve. Because of course he's awake before you.
The second thing your mind registers is the uncomfortable strain in your left arm; your shoulder is pulled at an odd angle again, hand resting somewhere above your head, fingers near the headboard of the bed. And maybe the stretch felt comfortable at some point during the night, but now… Oh, you can already tell moving it is not going to be a fun experience.
A noise somewhere between a groan and a grunt slips past your lips, and the fingers at your hip pause for just a second before they continue tracing some invisible pattern down toward your knee. Steve must know you're awake now, but you don't bother opening your eyes. You want to take the moment to just relax and enjoy the feeling of his fingers ghosting over your skin… awkward uncomfortable position and all.
His fingers coast up to your hip and down to your knee two more times before that ache in your shoulder is finally bothersome enough to warrant immediate attention. A sigh of resignation, and you twist your arm so that your elbow is up in the air and move to tug it down to your side, but it only budges an inch before there's suddenly pressure on your wrist and no room to move. And you don't even know how it's possible to get your hand jammed through the bars of the headrest while you're sound asleep, but it's definitely not how you wanted to wake up.
Another sigh and a furrowed brow, and you move to shift your other arm, fully prepared to free your left without even bothering to open your eyes, but once again, you find your arm roughly halted. And this time, you hear the jingle.
Your eyes are open wide, then, adrenaline flooding your veins for a second as you try to pull yourself into an upright position. Of course, all that does is painfully jerk both of your arms in opposite directions, and so you settle for lying back against the bed, neck craned at a harsh angle so that you can see the handcuff that has your left wrist secured to the headboard. You don't need to turn and look to see that there's another one securing your right wrist, as well. You also don't need to look to know that those fingers still tracing patterns over your knee do not belong to Steve.
No, you know Steve better than that; he'd be reluctant to handcuff you even if you asked him to, and you sure as hell hadn't asked him to at any point last night. You hate the handcuffs, hate how they restrict your movement and hate how they deprive you of the feeling of your fingers running through either of your boys' hair. No… Steve hadn't been the one to restrain you. There was only one individual in your little trio that would've broken out the handcuffs.
That bastard.
"Bucky!" you greet in a warm, cheery tone, a wide smile on your lips as you finally turn your head so that you can look at the man who handcuffed you to the bed.
He's fully dressed and sitting just off to your side, about even with your hip. He's not quite leaning over you, as he has his metal arm propping him up on the right side of you, but his body is oriented toward yours and he has his flesh arm hovering over you, fingers still drawing patterns on your opposite side. And he's watching those fingers, clearly getting a kick out of the way your abdominal muscles involuntarily contract every time he brushes ever-so-lightly over a ticklish patch on your side. He doesn't even spare you a glance.
Bastard.
It's easier to keep the warm smile on your lips with your next question: "When did you get in?"
His fingers trace over that same patch of skin again. "This morning."
Once again, you're lifting your head and craning your neck, because there's no way it's not still morning; you might not be much of an early riser compared to the two super soldiers who were up every morning before the crack of dawn, but you aren't usually one for sleeping in terribly late. Not without good reason, at least.
A particularly painful stretch of your neck, and the alarm clock comes into view. 8:03.
"You were sound asleep when I came in," Bucky comments as you flop your head back down onto the pillow. He's still watching his fingers as they run down by your knee, but he doesn't need to send a glance up at your wrists for you to know that's what he's talking about.
Your super soldiers are stealthy, sure, but you're generally a light sleeper. Sleeping through them sneaking in and out of bed is one thing, but sleeping through being handcuffed to the headboard…
"Must've been real fuckin' worn out last night."
Oh.
So that's where this is going.
"Bucky—" you try, only to cut yourself off with a surprised hiss of pain. His fingers are suddenly done tracing patterns, his nails now digging sharply into your hip. A warning.
"I'm offended, Doll," he drawls, old Brooklyn accent heavy as he releases his grip on your hip and goes back to trailing his fingers gently down your thigh. The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Bucky Barnes Swears
Handcuffs
Light BDSM
Explicit Sexual Content
Gratuitous Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Threesome - F/M/M
Threesome
Voice Kink
Bucky's kind of a dick
Established Relationship
Polyamory
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Dom Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Switch Reader
Bottom Steve Rogers
Switch Steve Rogers
look Steve's a complicated guy idek
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Jersey would totally be Bucky's safeword
OT3

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

