Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was yet another balmy summer night in Manhattan, New York.The air hung stagnant and heavy with the smell of stale piss. Raised voices and honking horns echoed in the distance, pulsing in time with the heartbeat of the city. Grinning hugely beneath his mask, Wade Wilson took a deep breath, eyes closed, and reveled in it all.It was good to be home.The past two weeks had been a study in monotony. Kill a despot at a political ball here, single handedly slay an entire guerrilla faction there. Stupid, tedious shit. Though, despite the tedium and the fact that he would still be picking Amazonian leeches off of his ass for the next week, it had been a good trip all things considered. His offshore bank accounts were bulging at the seams and single-handedly bolstering the economic stability of Switzerland.Plus, his benefactor gave him this really sweet tux as a part of the job.Wade glanced down at the crisp lines of his three piece tuxedo and ran his hands reverently down his chest with a grin. The rich, Italian wool tapered to cinch in just below his massive lats and rest at his natural waist. White silk framed the frayed edge of his mask in a gentle flow that just screamed ‘money.’The ostentatious get-up was just begging for a splotch of taco grease from a highly questionable food cart.“Dressed up like a million dollar trouper,” he began to sing, sidestepping his way down the litter-strewn avenue without any particular destination in mind. The first rough note of his gravelly voice brought passerby up short, until they noticed the spectacle that was Deadpool in a tux and hurriedly gave him as wide a berth as possible on the sidewalk.“Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper!” he continued unabated, attempting to break into a tap dance routine that ultimately landed him on the ground.Brushing the dirt off of his trousers, Wade laughed uproariously and tried again with little success, finally settling for a graceless Charleston step instead. Quads that thick weren’t meant for delicate foot-work.As he made his way down the avenue and rounded the corner, Wade came to an abrupt stop, leg comically suspended in the air. “I may not be a praying man, but I think I may have just found me some religion,” he purred, letting out a low, tuneless whistle.Across the street, a young man methodically went about stapling colorful flyers to a derelict lamp post already so heavy with paper that it fluttered as cars passed. Every time he bent at the waist to retrieve another handful of papers, Wade’s heart threatened to explode from his double-breasted lapel.“This must be what love feels like,” he whispered reverently as he watched the man’s jeans pull taunt over one of the most perfect sets of buttocks he had ever laid eyes upon.Without hesitation, the merc strode across the street, dodging traffic, and sidled up close for a more diligent inspection.“Are you butt-dialing me? Because, I swear, that ass is calling,” he remarked, staring unabashedly at the artful crinkle of material where the kid’s thigh met the swell of his ass.The young man stopped in his tracks, one of the flyers still in his hands. Then he turned his head towards Wade. But only his head. His ass stayed right where it was, in plain sight.  Damn, this kid knew how to flirt.His face was enough to distract from his glorious buttocks, though. Big, brown doe-eyes with delicate lashes framed the bridge of a long nose, leading down to full, soft-looking lips. Strands of brown hair fell over his high forehead, part of a thick, fluffy mess that made him not only the most beautiful, but also the cutest man Wade had ever seen in his entire life.  Damn it. This guy was worth taking from both sides.“It might be,” he replied, and even his voice was perfect in every way. “If you have what it takes to pick up.”He held the flyer he had just taken out to Wade, as if this would decide whether his ass would be flirting back or not. One look at it made clear though why this was the case.With Herculean effort, Wade broke eye-contact to study the seemingly innocuous flyer.The smooth contours of a strikingly familiar set of assets, clothed in nothing more than form-fitting, red silk boxers, were the first thing to draw his attention.It was a flattering picture, but paled in comparison to the real deal.Beneath the image, rich red text flowed across the page, crafting the framework for some truly impressive innuendo. Wade murmured the ad aloud as he scanned it, pausing with a sly grin at ‘discreet companionship, just a phone-call away!’ He cleared his throat and idly adjusted his pocket kerchief.“My name may have a permanent reservation on Santa’s naughty list, but this sure as shit feels like a Christmas miracle, Baby Boy,” he stated in a reverent whisper.“If you want to get the bells ringing, you just have to say the word,” the young man teased. “Naughty lists are my specialty.” His puns and hitlines were close to Wade’s level of terrible, which was kinda attractive
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
escort AU
Sex for Money
Slow Build
lots of horrible jokes
lots of smuuuut
lots of angst and feels
but with an happy ending
Peter is of age
#andrewgarfieldisourspiderman

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

