Work Text:
Clint never gets the clinical, government approved style of sex education that some schools provide. He never gets the gentler, more awkward kind that parents provide, either. His and Barney's folks die before it gets to be an issue, and they leave the orphanage before he gets old enough for the Sisters' class. Instead, Clint grows up in the circus, overhearing the bawdy talk of the performers and the stagehands. He knows he's an omega, and the stories he hears tell him that when he gets older he's gonna have be extra careful sometimes, because everyone's going to want to have a piece of him. That seems funny-stupid for awhile, because everyone wants a piece of him now--his work or his time or just his bruises.
On his sixteenth birthday he gets a new bow--not new-new, it's still a hand-me-down, but it's new to him and less worn than the old one--and a real frank talk from the bearded lady. 
"You're an omega," she says, and Clint nods. "Anyone ever talk to you about going into heat?"
Clint shrugs. "That's when most omegas get knocked up, yeah?" he says. "But it can happen other times, too. And the guys are always saying fucking an omega in heat is awesome, because you can go and go and go before you get tired."
"True enough," she agrees. "But there's else something you gotta know. You ever heard an alpha say that they caught an omega's scent and had to have 'em?"
"Sure."
"What they mean is, an omega's scent can go right past an alpha's brain and straight to their dick." Clint frowns, but she goes on before he can ask what that means. "It's not like being turned on regular. When it's strong enough, they won't care who you are, they won't care what you say, and they won't care what you do. Your scent'll say 'fuck me now,' and their instincts'll drive 'em hard to take care of it."
"So why aren't alphas throwing omegas down left and right?" Clint asks. "I mean, I've scented unbonded omegas in our audience. They're not all cloistered or something."
She sighs. "Well, the good news is, it's pretty much just during heat, and not all omegas hit all alphas that hard. Just like you find different people hot than Barney does, different alphas go crazy for different omegas. It's the rare omega that'll smell that good to all alphas. Just...be careful, okay? Keep an eye on folks when your heat comes on. Have a way out, just in case."
She's serious enough about it that the talk sticks with Clint. He starts paying more attention to how other omegas act when their heat is on the way, and he sees the wariness in their eyes, the way they stay away from certain alphas. He starts getting nervous about his own heat. There's no way to know who will take to his scent; an omega's regular smell isn't anything like their heat scent. Clint's been thinking about sex plenty over the past couple of years, but that doesn't mean he wants to be held down and mounted by just anybody.
As it turns out, he's got nothing to worry about.
When Clint goes into heat, he discovers that, just like there's the rare omega that drives almost every alpha crazy, there's the rare omega that drives every alpha away. His heat scent is powerful and pungent and musky, and alphas hate it. No one will come within ten feet of him when he's in heat. They have to take him out of the show those nights, because it puts the audience off. Clint doesn't much like being called disgusting, but he tells himself it's okay, 'cause he didn't want to fuck anybody in the circus anyway.
It's a little harder to take once he's on his own. He gets laid just fine between cycles, but the second his heat comes on, alphas can't get away from him fast enough. Even betas, who aren't as sensitive to scents, are put off. It's just Clint's god damned luck that when he most desperately wants to fuck, no one will have him. 
The horror stories about omegas triggering some random alpha into holding them down and mounting them turn into Clint's biggest fantasies. The idea that someone could want him so badly that they'd put in the effort to pin him down and take him gets him going so hard that he'll sob and beg into the empty room. Just imagining hard hands on his hips and a rough, selfish cock driving into him will get him off. He goes through a reckless year where, when he goes into heat, he goes trawling bars and clubs for alphas. He burns out on that after three heats; the halo of space that opens up around him in a crowded area as people cringe from his scent is too fucking humiliating.
By the time Clint gets to SHIELD, he's in the habit of keeping his heats to himself, obsessively isolating himself when they come on. Thank fucking God that omegas are always, always granted leave for heats. Maybe Clint's not taking it for the same reasons as most, but he's done with seeing people's faces twist up as they back away from him. He's more or less resigned himself to an endless string of fuck buddies and one night stands, restricted to when he's off cycle. An omega can only bond during the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
alpha!Phil
omega!Clint
Made For Each Other

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

