Chapter 1: An Unlucky Encounter
    


Summary:

Peter tries to photograph Deadpool for the Daily Bugle. It doesn't end well.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter crouched stiffly on the fire escape, adjusting his grip on his camera carefully. It was freezing outside, a light drizzle just this side of snow soaking through his outer layer. His hands were so numb and stiff with cold he couldn't even bend his fingers properly. He supposed he should feel grateful; after all, his powers meant that he could ensure a tight grip on his camera, although his winter gloves were too thick to be sure, so his bare hands were exposed to the elements. He just couldn't run the risk of dropping his most valuable possession. He'd lived on bread and peanut butter for nearly a year just to afford the camera, he damn well wasn't going to fumble it and watch it fall three stories to shatter into a thousand pieces. It may not have been professional grade, but between the camera and a bootleg version of Photoshop on his aging laptop, Peter managed to produce semi-professional shots, which in turn made him almost enough money to keep the heat on.Central heating was a luxury, really, and Peter, what with his “three-ish hours a night” sleep schedule and “NYC parkour sessions,” needed to eat a  lot more  than he needed heating. So Peter usually just wore as many clothes as he could and slept in a sleeping bag on his bed. He wished he could get a new mattress - he'd been using the same one since high school, but Aunt May wasn't made of money and neither was he. Thank god  he'd managed to get a full-ride scholarship, and his classmates had yet to suspect the real reason he always formed “study groups” only to ‘forget’ his textbooks and borrow someone else's. He was lucky he was a speed-reader with a borderline eidetic memory or he'd never be able to keep up. Trying to stay on top of school while maintaining an alter-ego  and paying the rent for his rundown shack of an apartment was going to kill him before he reached thirty.Peters shifted slightly, grimacing at the way water trickled down into the inner layers of his clothes. He was going to be  so hungry  after this, but he only had ten dollars left to last him the rest of the month. He contemplated visiting Aunt May this weekend-- she would feed him, and he'd at least get one square meal that week. But he hated going to see her with an ulterior motive. It felt...dirty, somehow. He never wanted to treat Aunt May like a means to an end, so he tried to visit only when he genuinely missed her company (which was pretty much all the time) and had no other, ulterior reason (he almost always had one). Plus he was  busy. He was trying to live a triple life, and it patently sucked.He was distracted from his inner monologue by a flash of red - aha, maybe he  would  be getting his freelance fee tomorrow after all. Of course it would probably be only a  fraction  of what he was promised, but anything was better than nothing, he supposed. Peter lifted the camera, peering through the viewfinder with a scowl. He wasn't real keen on the whole ‘walk into danger’ deal without the security of his suit. He scoffed at that, mentally. A spandex suit that barely supported his junk,  secure? But there was something about the anonymity, the boyish charm that came so easily behind the mask, a confidence that became so difficult to project as just Peter. Probably years of keeping his head down to avoid the teasing and bullying. No one bullied Spider-Man. At least not with cruel taunts about clothes that didn't fit, shoes with holes, and corrective lenses held together with duct tape and a prayer. And besides, Spider-Man could take it. Peter couldn’t. Shaking off his melancholy mood (the end of the month was always a bad time for Peter), he tried to spot his target. Jameson was up in arms about mutants and mutates in general this month, Peter supposed he should be glad J. Jonah’s ire wasn't limited to Spider-Man expressly, but at least he knew he could get pictures of Spider-Man. Trying to catch anyone else on candid camera was a real challenge.There. Another flash, a glint of something - steel, maybe. Peter suppressed a shiver that had nothing to do with his target and everything to do with the fact that he was  freezing.  His legs were starting to cramp now, and he hadn't so much as squeezed the shutter button. Damn, he didn't want to be here, but great as his aversion to the cold was, he had an even greater aversion to a slow death by starvation. “Just,” Peter muttered under his breath, “Hold still for like two seconds,  god, can you do that?” The spandex-clad figure couldn't hear him, probably. But Peter was mostly trying to distract himself from the cold anyway. Peter lost sight of the red suit as the (surprisingly agile for someone so heavily muscled) mercenary bounded out of view. “Shit,” Peter hissed, slowly panning the area with his camera. Nothing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Spideypool - Freeform
Spiderpool - Freeform
Peter is a nerd
Deadpool being Deadpool
Peter is poor
Deadpool is clueless
BOXES
idk if deadpool dying counts as 'major character death' if he doesnt stay dead
Age Difference
Identity Porn
non-graphic noncon mention
Canon-Typical Violence
Pancakes
sugar daddy wade (sort of)
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Mutual Pining
With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility
Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

