Work Text:
Steve manages to get in the door without blushing, which he feels pretty proud of, considering the circumstances. Not that there’s a big neon sign over the door flashing PORN STUDIO or anything. It’s discreet. Steve would never have let Bucky talk him into coming this far if it weren’t.
He takes a deep breath and reminds himself he can do this—needs to do this, even. But no one but Bucky can ever know, because if Steve’s mom works out how he’s paying for her TB treatment, she’ll leave the hospital and go back on the cheap drugs, and those aren’t working. Steve loves being an artist, but it doesn’t pay that well.
Fortunately, Steve’s pretty sure his mom doesn’t watch a lot of porn.
Still, even though he knows he’s fairly safe, he keeps his voice down when he asks the (perfectly respectable) receptionist, “Excuse me, miss. I—my name is Steve Rogers. I’m supposed to have a screen test this afternoon. Would you happen to know where I…?”
The receptionist blinks up at him from behind thick plastic frames. Okay, maybe she’s not perfectly respectable. She’s wearing a dark shade of lipstick and the neckline of her blouse sort of—plunges—which Steve isn’t judging her for, he’s not, and it takes him a minute to work out that he’s staring at her boobs. Which are very nice. The one on the left is apparently called Darcy, judging by the nametag.
She raises an eyebrow and hands him a clipboard. If she noticed his rudeness, she doesn’t mention anything. Actually, she looks him up and down before giving him a smile that makes him think of a great white shark. “Aren’t you just the cutest thing. Oh, honey, they are gonna love you. Here, go sit over there and fill this out, and then I’ll show you around, okay?”
Steve meekly does as he’s told and tries (and fails) to hold back a blush. Darcy scares him.
“Any questions?” she asks when he sets the forms down on top of her desk. “I mean about the paperwork,” she clarifies as she scans through it. Her eyebrows go right up when she reaches the section on past experience, and Steve somehow doesn’t die of embarrassment. He figured someone was going to read this, but he didn’t know she was going to read it in front of him.
“Um, no,” Steve answers. “It was all pretty straightforward.”
“Good.” Darcy tucks the clipboard under her arm as she stands. “Well, everything looks to be in order, so I guess we can get on with the tour. Right this way.”
Steve despairs. Darcy’s wearing high heels, and old-fashioned stockings with seams up the back, which he can see because her skirt is really short. And she only represents half of the genders he’s attracted to. Which she knows, since that information is on the stupid form.
“It’s just a screen test,” Darcy tells him, “so you don’t have much to worry about. They’ll ask you some questions and ask you to get naked, but no one will touch you unless you ask for it. We want to ease you into things.”
None of this is helping Steve freak out less.
“Change rooms are here.” Darcy points. “I’ll get you a fresh robe before your call. Stripping on camera is a skill not everyone gets right away.”
Steve swallows hard, because stripping on camera—that’s going to be a regular thing now. Well, if this goes well. What does that say about his life? “Thanks.”
Waving him off, Darcy continues toward the back of the building. “We have a couple different sets back here. There are two different bedrooms, a living room, and a kitchen mocked up at the moment. I think they’re doing a scene in the kitchen right now; I’ll show you in a minute. But first we’ll check out yours. You’re in bedroom one, looks like a college dorm. Perfect.”
Right. Steve’s been out of college two years now, but he remembers how much action his dorm room didn’t see.
They pass through a wide hallway with shelves on either side, and Darcy pulls down a plastic-wrapped terrycloth robe and hands it over. “Here, you’ll want this later.”
“Thanks,” he says again and does his best not to freak out.
In fairness, the set isn’t bad. It’s bigger than an actual dorm room, obviously, to allow for cameras and—crew—and stuff, but other than that it’s surprisingly comfortable. There aren’t any posters on the wall, probably for some weird intellectual copyright reasons, but other than that and the lack of a huge pile of laundry on the floor, it really could be a dorm room.
“I think everyone’s still on the kitchen shoot,” Darcy tells him. “Well, and Jane’s out getting lunch, but she does the video editing, we don’t need her around all the time.”
Steve hasn’t even met Jane and she’s going to see him naked. The back of his neck itches.
Then Darcy’s phone rings. “One sec, Apple Pie, I have to take this”—and she reaches up and taps the piece of plastic in her ear. “Go for Darcy.”
Whoever’s on the other end, they must be someone important, because Darcy’s whole body language changes from casual to military tense. “Of course,” she says briskly. “No, God, don’t do that, he hates that, Jesus. Natasha. No. Show him into the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Identity Porn
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

