Work Text:
There are three well-known facts at Shield High: 

The history teacher Mr. Barnes is a stone-cold terror, and it’s not even because he only has one arm.
The other history teacher, Mr. Rogers, is a mysterious enigma, and it’s something to do with the body of a Greek God and contradicting stories of his past. (They’re all rumours, anyway.)
Mr Barnes and Mr Rogers hate each other.
 Bucky wouldn’t have it any other way. 
 It all starts when Bucky is honorably discharged from his unit in the army after losing his arm. Or maybe it starts when Natasha gets him a teaching job at her school. Or maybe it even starts when Steve comes home from his third tour and starts teaching at the same school a year after Bucky. It doesn’t really matter how it starts, though. That’s not the fun bit. The fun bit is how it plays out. 
 “This trip isn’t mandatory,” Bucky explains, waving the permission slips in the air at his class. “But it is recommended.  Highly recommended. I expect most of you to come. Any questions?” Half of his students are clearly not listening, eyes unfocused and fingers twitching. Bucky doesn’t really care, all the information they need is on the sheets. No one puts up their hands or calls out so Bucky decides to drop it. There’s still 15 minutes of class, but he hasn’t got anything left planned for the lesson so he decides he’ll let them go early. “Okay, guys. Come grab a sheet off my desk, and you can go early. Provided you don’t disrupt other classes.” Bucky walks over to his desk, setting into his wheely chair and putting the permission slips down. There’s a chorus of cheers and the kids jump to their feet, eager to leave the class. Of course, that’s when Steve pops his head in. “Barnes, I need-” He begins, but stops to stare at the loud students milling around the room. There are paper planes flying, and a couple of kids shouting over something, and it looks like chaos. Bucky stifles a grin. The students all turn at Steve’s voice, dead silence washing over them as they cautiously look between Bucky and Steve. “Rogers,” Bucky greets, voice stiff. There’s the same old tension in the air there always is when Bucky and Steve have to talk on school grounds. The kids love it but pretend not to. “I need a new whiteboard marker.” Steve finally says, all eyes on him. He stands tall, back straight and jaw set, determined not to let the stares get to him. Bucky doesn’t say anything, just meets his eyes and holds his ground. Usually people look away after only a couple of seconds, but not Steve. Nah, Steve’s even worse than Bucky when it comes to being stubborn, and the whole school knows it. The problem is that Shield High isn’t a big school. And so they are only two senior history teachers. So Bucky and Steve actually have to interact. Bucky still hasn’t said anything, determined to make Steve uncomfortable, or at least shuffle on the spot. (He knows it’s never gonna happen. The students, however, do not.) Stone-cold Terror Barnes, right here. “That’s not my problem,” Bucky eventually says. His voice is flat, an icy monotone. Steve doesn’t so much as flinch. Bucky loves him for it. The whole class is still suspended in curiosity, waiting to see how this plays out. Bucky’s not gonna disappoint. “Can I borrow one?” Steve asks, hand still on the doorknob, only half his body in the class. Bucky’s still got his gaze fixed on Steve, not moving a fraction of an inch except to raise an eyebrow. “Please.” Steve spits. “Please, Barnes, may I borrow one of your markers?” His tone changes to disgustingly sweet plea but there’s still traces of his sneer on his face. Bucky relents and lobs a marker across the room to him. Without another word, Steve catches it and leaves the classroom. The door swings shut behind him and everyone looks at Bucky. “Permission slips.” He says, and swivels in his chair to fiddle with the papers behind his desk. With his back to the classroom, no one tries to talk to him and he waits for everyone to leave. “Mr Barnes?” A voice asks hesitantly. Bucky turns around to face her. It’s Jay, one of his favourite students- not that he’d let anyone know. “Yes, Jay?” He prompts when she doesn’t continue. “Are you coming on this trip?” She asks, fidgeting with her form. She’s nervous about something, but Bucky doesn’t know what. “Yes. Are you?” It’s a fair question. She’s the kind of student he’d expect to come with no hesitation, but he also knows there’s something not-quite-right at home for her at the moment. “Yeah, I- I think so,” she nods. “Will Mr Rogers?” Ah. So that’s what this is about. Mr Barnes and Mr Rogers being forced into a three day school trip together. Some kids will love it, others will be indifferent. Bucky didn’t really think about the possibility of there being kids actually  uncomfortable with it. (They don’t call him an asshole for nothing.) “Yes. Mr Rogers is required to keep the student-teacher ratio balanced. Are you alright with that?” Bucky forces a smile, tries to come 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
teacher!au
Established Relationship
School trips
Secret Relationship
they have a dog called Spud
they argue a lot
amputee!Bucky
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - Teachers
guys it's a fun time
Fluff
Coming Out

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

