Work Text:

Four years old
Steve was the best.  Tony was almost jumping out of his chair, going to the window every few minutes, clutching his little circuit board with sweaty hands as he waited for Steve to get there.  Dad and Mom had liked the circuit board too, but it was Steve Tony couldn't wait to show it to.  Mom didn't always understand what Tony was talking about, and Dad had gotten so weird after Tony had shown him and begged him to be able to show it to Steve that Tony had just went to the living room to wait impatiently.He wanted Steve to see it, wanted to hear what Steve would say, wanted Steve to put an arm around him and play with him and show him all the cool things Tony was building in the workshop next to his dad's bench.  Steve would get it.  Steve always got Tony.But Steve didn't come over a lot.  It seemed like forever between visits, but Tony had made himself go over to the calendar and carefully count the days, and it was once a month, and today was that day.  Tony had begged his mom to let Steve come over more often once Dad had said no, and she'd shook her head so hard and looked so mad Tony didn't dare ask again.There was a knock at the door and Tony wrestled it open so fast Steve still had his hand up to knock again.  He was taller than dad with yellow hair and blue eyes and he was Tony's favorite thing in the world."SteveSteveSteveSteveSteve!" Tony yelled, throwing himself at Steve's knee and clinging tight, his circuit board momentarily forgotten.  Steve froze at Tony's assault, then leaned down to lift him in his arms and spin him around, laughing.  Tony giggled back as Steve put him on his shoulder, and leaned down to show Steve what he'd made."Look!  I made it all myself!" Tony said proudly.  "I wanted to show you."Steve reached out and took it, his other hand keeping Tony steady, and gave Tony a big smile as he checked out Tony's creation and asked all the right questions.  For a little while everything was great, just him and Steve, then Mom and Dad came out, and they were looking mad again.Steve abruptly lifted Tony down, and Tony knew Mom was going to take his hand and pull him away and keep him by her side.  He stubbornly resisted, clinging to Steve's leg so hard Dad had to pry him off.  And then Dad was looking mad and Mom was looking sad and Steve...  Steve was looking sad too."I wanna stay with Steve!" Tony declared, angry that he'd just barely gotten to see his best friend.Steve went all pale, the way Mom did when she was sick, and looked down at the ground."I'm here, Tony.  I'll always be here." But then Dad pulled Steve inside to the private office and Mom made Tony stay in the kitchen and eat lunch, and the only reason he did what she asked was because she kept rubbing at her eyes the way Tony did when he didn't want to cry.--
Twelve years old
"...can't keep doing this, Howard!" Steve was saying.Tony smirked as he kept his ear pressed to the speaker.  He might have more college credits than some college kids, and still be within a year or so of graduating high school, but his dad sometimes forgot that.  He sometimes still looked at Tony and saw a scrawny, awkward kid whom puberty was making life miserable and forgot that Tony could get around certain restrictions in all kinds of creative ways.  Like, say, never being allowed in the private office when Dad and Steve were in there.That pissed Tony off.  Steve was his godfather, hell, his very best friend, but half the time his parents seemed to treat him like a criminal.  Every time he came over for his monthly visit, Steve barely got a chance to pull Tony in a hug that just made every fear and anxiety go away before Dad hauled him off to an hour-long meeting behind closed doors.  And once Steve came out from those, he was always great (never less than great), asking about things Tony cared about, telling him fascinating stories about what he was doing in the army, but he always seemed so...  Tony wasn't sure what to call it.  He seemed a little sad, a little hesitant, like there was some secret he was holding back, something that only he and Dad and Mom knew, and none of them would talk about it.Maybe it was a jealousy thing.  Dad never let Steve visit Tony at boarding school, only under his supervision at home.  And Steve, well, Steve looked a lot younger than Dad, even though he was only a couple years younger.  It was from that medical procedure they’d done to Steve for the war, the one they vaguely mentioned to attempt to head off Tony’s too-perceptive questions about why his godfather looked to be more like Tony’s brother than someone in his dad’s generation.  But nothing was enough to answer all the questions in Tony’s head, about why Dad respected Steve so much behind his back but wouldn’t let Tony see him more than once a month.  He’d had infrequent but bitter arguments with his parents about that; Tony needed to see his best friend more than the hour or two at a time they were allotted, but Mom was silent on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sexual Tension
Angst
Romance

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Steve Rogers & Howard Stark

