Work Text:
“You’re joking.” Tony refused to admit to himself that his mouth was open, gaping at a smirking Natasha.“C’mon, Stark, you did tell me I get to decide your punishment,” she said nonchalantly, as if they were discussing something casual like the weather. But her brow was quirked and one corner of her mouth was lifted, almost against her will.“Yeah, but I thought something like updating your tasers, o-or giving you massages!” Damn it, he was not blushing.“All of which you’d do anyway, so it’s not really a punishment now, is it? Besides the whole bet was your idea.” At this she passed the gift bag she held in her hand to him. “Do you want to do it yourself? Or I can help you, seeing as you lack experience in this.”Tony spluttered. “Of course I’ve done this before! I’ve done this loads of time!” He refused to look into the bag.“Good.” Her grin widened. “I’ll be waiting here if you need me.”He scampered off into his bathroom, slamming the door and trying not to remember that Natasha was sitting in his room, making sure he couldn’t make his escape.He knew Natasha had a sadistic streak. But he never imagined that she’d make him do this.Taking a deep breath, he dumped the contents of the bag out on the counter. The vibrator was sitting in its original packaging, just bought by the looks of it. The box wasn’t sealed though and only the toy was there, the purported charger and remote control missing. “Well that’s not ominous,” he muttered. It was tasteful, as far as butt plugs went: black silicone with a flared base and not intimidatingly big.Okay, okay, he can do this. It was just a sex toy. He had used them before (on other people) and they were pretty self-explanatory.He unbuttoned his pants and let them drop to his knees, grabbing the bottle of lube that was also in the bag. He coated his fingers with the slick and, before he could over think it, pressed them to his rim. He shivered at the coolness of the lube and cursed at his lack of foresight.“You okay in there?” Natasha asked. Her tone sounded disinterested, like tricking your friend into shoving a toy up their ass was an everyday occurrence.“Peachy,” he grumbled back.He braced one forearm on the counter, widened his legs, and tried again. He circled his rim a few times, letting the lube warm up to his body temperature, and dipped the tip of one finger in. It was a strange feeling. He wasn’t sure if he enjoyed it, but also wasn’t sure if he disliked it. He pushed more fully in and tensed at the sensation of his walls being breached.“Come on,” he whispered, agitated. He just wanted to get this all over with.Tony froze at the sound of the door swinging open and kept his eyes lowered. He did not want to see Natasha taking in the sight of him, half over the counter, fingering himself.He felt her move behind him and tap the hand on his backside. “Move.” He withdrew the finger and braced that hand against the surface. “You have to relax,” she said a moment later and she rubbed at his lower back soothingly. “Take some deep breaths for me.”“I can’t believe you’re making me do this,” he said, his voice muffled by his face being pressed into sleeve of his shirt.“Breathe in through your nose, out through your mouth.”He followed her directions, matching his breathes to her slow ones. She kept massaging his skin, which was nice. Natasha can be an absolute angel when she wanted to. He sank down further into the counter as the tension left his body.He tensed again when he felt her press into him, but with her soft murmurings managed to keep the anxiety down. She pushed one finger into him easily and after letting him adjust to it, moved it carefully inside him. “Better, isn’t it?” she said.He grunted wordlessly.She pressed another finger in.By the time Natasha decided he was ready, he was ashamed to realize his dick was taking an interest, hardening. Tony had no doubt that she knew his body was getting physically aroused, but took pity on him and didn’t acknowledge it. In the mirror he could see her thoroughly coating the vibrator with lube. “Big breath,” she reminded him, and she pushed the plug in and twisted it until the entire length was engulfed.“There.” She sounded pleased. “That wasn’t so bad.” And she slapped his ass cheek, hard. Tony jolted forward. “Let’s go to the living room and show everyone.”“You’re evil.” Tony straightened up, feeling the object shift inside him, and pulled his pants up. He hesitated. “Uh, we’re gonna keep this confined to the Avengers’ rooms, right?” He didn’t even want to think of the team ordering him outside, to interact with his employees and shareholders, trying not to let anyone notice his awkward movements.“As tempting as sending you out sounds, we’ll just keep this to the team this time.” With that she strode out of his rooms.“This time,” he scoffed, and followed her.It was a Tuesday afternoon, which generally meant the Avengers were all together, lounging around playing video games or watching bad TV. It started out as som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Humiliation
Sex Toys
Spanking
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Aftercare
Dom/sub Undertones
Explicit Sexual Content
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Bottom Tony Stark

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor

