Chapter 1



Notes:
So, the comments on the last fic in this series seemed to fall between two categories: "full sequel please" and "do what you want, we'll read."  Here I am with a full sequel.  I hope it meet everyone's expectations. *grins*As a note for this chapter:  The sciences I am actually competent in do not in any way include theoretical physics or plate tectonics.  If there's Bad Science occurring here in a notable way, please feel free to tell me and I'll happily correct it.  Enjoy.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony wakes up, the sort of split-second waking up that leaves him disoriented as hell, with his spine feeling like it's practically on fire.	At first, he thinks the latest idiot supervillain of the week is attacking his home—but a moment later he discards that thought, because there's no accompanying chaos to go with his sudden waking.  Usually attacks tend to come with the sound of breaking glass and the ground shaking, at the very least, and probably some smoke and heat to indicate a fire going on somewhere; right now, there's none of that.  There's nothing, actually.  Nada, zilch, not even the sound of someone sneaking around.  There's just Tony's quick breathing, and the sound of the ocean breaking against rocks.	“Jarvis?” Tony asks, already swinging his legs out of bed.  One of his hands goes, instinctively, to the small of his back, covering the four letters—he hisses at the touch.  “Jesus, that hurts,” he says, and stands up.  If there's going to be an emergency, better it happen while Tony's fully dressed and awake.  He's learned that lesson the hard way.	“Sir?” Jarvis asks, and if Tony isn't mistaken—which, he's Tony Stark, he's never mistaken—there's a note of concern under the professionalism.  	“Are your sensors picking up anything abnormal?” Tony asks.  “You know, somebody attacking us, earthquake swallowing California, this week's rendition of the apocalypse?  Anything?”	“No, sir,” Jarvis responds, “I am detecting nothing out of the ordinary.”  Which—shit.  Tony knows something is wrong, the sort of knowing that comes from gut knowledge rather than anything his brain is coming up with.  He was sort of hoping Jarvis could validate that feeling and back it up with fact.  If Jarvis can't—	“Sir,” Jarvis says, derailing Tony's train of thought, “I apologize if this is unwelcome, but might I ask whether you've injured your spine?”	Tony hadn't noticed, until that moment, that he was still clutching at his back like it might break without the support of his fingers.  Actually, he hadn't noticed much of anything about it, save that it hurt like hell.  But now—well, now Tony takes the time to think about what that means, that those four little letters on his back no longer feel so much like magnets as little pinpricks of flame in his skin.	For the first time in Tony's life, all four letters are pulling in the exact same direction, and it hurts.	Tony sits back down on his bed.  “Shit,” he says, because there's every possibility that something he's been waiting for his whole life is about to happen, and what the hell else is he supposed to say to that?	Then, a moment later, the fire fades and the pull stops, and the sudden nothingness in the place of pain is actually worse than the pain itself.	“Shit,” Tony says again, and drops his head into his hands and just sits still, breathing.…	“Okay, Jarvis,” Tony says, “let's run that through again.”	Come on, this is Tony Stark.  Yes, alright, last night sucked, and Tony is going to have words with his soulmate whenever this gets worked out, because, seriously?  The appearing-then-disappearing act that went on there was definitely not appreciated.  	That said, sitting around feeling sad about it is something other people do.  Tony is not other people.  Tony won't just let this pass him by unnoticed—he's going to make the most out of this.  Now, at least, he's pretty definitively sure that his soulmate exists; and, if the guy won't come to him, Tony will make a way himself.  It's what he does.	“Yes, sir,” Jarvis says.  “At precisely 1:07 a.m., pacific time, last night, there were one hundred and fifty-three notable events occurring worldwide.  Shall I narrow the specifications?”	“Yeah,” Tony says, trying to get his brain to spark off an idea of how to go about this.  God, Tony's tired—last night was the first time he even tried sleeping in three days, and, well, it wasn't exactly restful.  Coffee pretty much stops cutting it after seventy-two hours mostly sleepless.  One day Tony will build himself a caffeine IV drip and be a happier human being for it. “We ran this search once based on parameters of human activity, and unless my soulmate was suddenly lured into revealing himself by a conference on the latest developments in prosthetic biofeedback mechanisms—,” which, admittedly, this is Tony's soulmate they're talking about, so that is a possibility, if a slim one “—we should probably s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Sif & Thor
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki Has Issues
Jötunn Loki
It's never as easy as it should be with these two
FrostIron - Freeform
Slightly bastardized Norse mythology

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Sif & Thor
Jane Foster/Thor

