Work Text:

i fearno fate(for you are my fate,my sweet)i wantno world(for beautiful you are my world,my true)and it's you are whatever a moon has always meantand whatever a sun will always sing is you
- from "i carry your heart with me" by e.e. cummings ... The only thing that Clint remembered from his first handshake with Phil Coulson was the look in his eyes when he said, I'm a great admirer of your work.  The words could easily have been rote, even trite, but Coulson looked genuine -- and a shade embarrassed by his genuineness.  He looked like he didn't want Clint to know just how much of an "admirer" he was.At the time, the observation struck Clint, then got washed away in the conversation and negotiations that followed.  He didn't stop to consider its implications until much, much later.But the other pertinent fact about that handshake didn't even register on Clint's radar at the time.  It was this: Clint was wearing his full gloves. ... The gloves were Clint's favorite part about the uniform.  Sure, a few people still wore them, out in the normal world, but they tended to garner odd looks.  What sane, modern person wouldn't want to find their soulmate?, people said.  The only people who still wear gloves are religious nuts, scared that their Bondmate might be someone outside their narrow horizons.  Clint could wear gloves through the winter easily enough, but once short-sleeve weather came around, gloves would attract the kind of questions that he didn't care to discuss.His uniform was a different story.  Hell, he walked around in skintight leather with a giant purple swoosh on his chest.  Gloves blended right in -- and they meant that Clint didn't have to hesitate before helping a civilian victim to her feet, didn't have to worry that the skin-to-skin contact would spark the inescapable magic of the Bond.See, soulmates were great and all, if that was what you wanted: someone to love you unconditionally, to find your presence their sole joy.  Someone who'd stand by you faithfully, even when you squandered their money on booze and took out your drunken frustrations on your two little boys.As for Clint, he was pretty damn certain that he preferred to opt out. ... "I can't believe that we have to be saddled with some suit," Clint grumbled to Natasha on their way out of the meeting.Natasha shrugged.  "They say that he's a favorite of SHIELD's acting Director.  I doubt he made it there by being good at paperwork."  Which was her way of saying, I'm as annoyed as you, but let's play nice for now."Paperwork and baking, maybe."  Because yeah, the man looked physically in shape, like any decent spook, but he didn't radiate the kind of aura that made Clint want him at his back in a firefight.Natasha smirked.  "You were having a bit of a moment with those scones.  I can give you some alone time with the leftovers."Clint glared, but he didn't let go of the ziploc bag, either."SHIELD wants this endeavor to succeed as much as we do," Natasha said finally.  "Even if the suit doesn't contribute much, he'll know how to stay out of our way.""He'd better."  Clint would put up with him, sure, but he still didn't trust Coulson to be more than dead weight. ... Natasha was right: Coulson knew how to stay out of their way.He handed out mission briefings with an awkward smile, then settled into an aura of calm authority once he started talking to the group.A half hour into the briefing, Clint raised his hand, like a kid in a classroom.  "So while we're busy kicking ass, what will you be doing?"  (And yeah, he had a note of sarcasm in his voice.  So sue him.)"Backup and logistics," Coulson said smoothly."So basically, if all goes well, we won't even need you?""Exactly."Clint hadn't even been consciously trying to rile him, but Coulson was so completely unruffled that Clint resolved, then and there, that he would find a way to get under his skin.  Nobody could be that calm all the time. ... As it turned out, Coulson was right; they didn't end up needing him.  At the end of the op, he shook everyone's hands and thanked them for their good work.Clint grasped Coulson's hand tightly with his own gloved fist, then pulled him close, as though to impart a secret message.  He could feel Coulson's muscles tense at the movement, but the man held very still."Next time," Clint began quietly, and paused to draw out the portentous moment.  "Next time, can you make the scones blueberry?"Coulson's lips pressed against each other thinly, but his expression didn't twitch otherwise. ... There were blueberry scones waiting at the briefing for their next op.  Clint bit into one, savored the bright pop of fruit and the tender crumb, and gave Coulson a big grinning thumbs-up. ... For their third op with Coulson, Clint and Natasha went undercover as a Bonded couple, which meant hands all over each other.  It wasn't Clint's first time, acting out the Bond; he'd spent enough time watching it to do a good imitation.  People touched their soulmates like the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soul Bond
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Pineapple and Coconut Scones
Memory Alteration
Slow Build
Dog Cops
Touch-Starved
Fanboy Phil Coulson
Clint Barton Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

