Work Text:
Most of the time, honestly, Sam doesn't know what the hell is going on with Steve and Bucky.At first, he thinks they're friends, that friendship that goes so deep it's the kind of love that hurts. He gets it. Sam and Riley were the same, before Riley went down. Everything Steve's done for Bucky, Sam would have done in a heartbeat if it was Riley on the line. Bucky's a little shit even when he's not being the Winter Soldier, but Sam figures you can't always pick 'em, and he's willing to be civil for Steve's sake.Plus, Bucky jumped in front of a kid in a spider onesie to stop him kicking Sam off a balcony. That kind of shit gets you a long way, even if they did all wind up going over and Bucky  fucking landed on him  anyway.Anyway, Sam thinks he's got them figured out, and it's fine, it's honestly fine, and then Bucky's brainwashing gets cleared, and they move into a house together like they're all friends, or something, and they can actually function in a house built for normal people.Three days in, Sam has no idea what the  fuck Bucky and Steve are. Everywhere he looks, Bucky is basically in Steve's lap, or curled up against him as close as he can get. One time, Sam finds him wearing Steve's sweater, huddled into it like maybe it still smells of Steve. Huh, he thinks, and adjusts his expectations. It's no big deal. So Steve and Bucky are dating, maybe, that's not- kind of not what Sam expected, honestly, but it's no big deal. It's fine. It's one hundred percent fine.It's just- well, it's just. Bucky is an asshole, and Sam kind of hates him, but he's got  eyes. Under the stubble and the truly terrible hair, Bucky has exceptionally blue eyes and the kind of mouth Sam's not ashamed to call pretty, and he just. Sam kind of enjoyed the whole  I hate you  thing, if he's being honest. It felt like maybe it was going somewhere. If it's not, that's fine, Sam can handle that, he just has to tolerate them being so fucking  cuddly everywhere.The weirdest thing, he thinks to himself, is it never goes any further than that. He never sees them kiss. He's pretty sure Bucky's slept in his own bed every night since they moved in. Maybe they're taking it slow. Maybe they're just not into PDA. Maybe Sam should just stop  thinking about it, Jesus Christ, and let it go. Then Steve takes up  knitting, because honestly, he is a ninety-year-old woman in the body of an unfairly muscled American god. It's the worst. Everything Steve turns out is crooked, stitches dropped all over the place, and he uses the worst fucking colors, sweaters in nothing but itchy navy wool, hats that are way too fluffy for Sam ever to even consider putting on his head. Lumpy socks. It's dire. Who the fuck taught Steve to knit, he texts Nat, because if anyone knows she will, and he just gets back an emoji closer to her smirk than he even knew exists."So, you, uh, you knit," he says a couple days later, looking at Steve's hands moving with the knitting needles, and Bucky, from under Steve's left arm, snorts with laughter."Yeah, my mom taught me," Steve says earnestly. "Way back in the day, it was something I could do in bed all day while I was sick.""You made me socks," Bucky says, and Steve smiles down at him, the kind of smile that lights up his whole face and makes Sam feel like there should be bluebirds sitting on his shoulders or something."Yeah," he agrees softly, the way he always does when Bucky volunteers memories from  before, "yeah, Buck, I did.""They were fuckin' awful," Bucky says bluntly, "the scratchiest things I ever put on in my whole life. But I wore 'em."He wears the hats Steve makes. He wears the sweaters. He wears the  gloves, ugh, they're burnt orange and dark red stripes, fingerless, and Sam is personally offended by how ugly they are, but Bucky just pulls them on, flexes his fingers, smiles very small. Honestly, Sam thinks, feeling very resigned, this is closer to proof that Bucky and Steve are  Bucky and Steve than anything else he's seen so far. Only love could tolerate gloves like that."Here," Bucky says three days later, "I'll hold your wool," and lets Steve balance the skein on his carbon-fiber palm.How Bucky got a new prosthetic was a long chain of favors called in. Steve'd called Scott Lang and talked to him for a few minutes in his serious and earnest voice, and Scott had said a lot of things like "heck yeah, man" and "no worries, seriously, that is  so cool, call any time,  Captain America."("I'm really not Captain America anymore," Steve'd said, but by this point it's kind of too late. Scott Lang had probably been making puppy eyes at Hope Van Dyne, and Hope had probably rolled her eyes, but then she'd got on the phone with Steve too and Steve was very polite and respectful, and the end result was Bucky looking stoic and expressionless in a Pym Tech lab while Hope'd tinkered with some nanotech genius and a bunch of 3D printing."It's lighter than I expected," Bucky'd said afterwards, flexing his fingers and rolling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
these assholes who love each other
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
don't ask me how they got Bucky back out of cryo this is not that fic
Accidental Cuddling
Platonic Cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

