Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The lights are flashing, Rhodey’s at her right shoulder, Obie’s on his way to join her, Pepper’s on her left. Every reporter wants a piece of her, fresh off the plane after three months in a hole as a prisoner-of-war. They’re already milling like sharks, buzzards, opportunistic parasites. No big names in the crowd, but no surprise there. This press conference is so last minute, she’s pretty sure all the networks and outlets had to scramble to find someone affiliated in the area to cover this. No matter. She’ll say to this teeming mass of fresh-faced journalists the same thing she’d say to Katie Couric. 

“Excuse me, Miss Stark?”

She glances over at her name, hiding the wince as it pulls on her sprained left arm. A non-descript man in a suit and tie is coming towards her, and Rhodey lays a tense hand on her shoulder, ready to haul her back at a moment’s notice. “Pep?” she says, turning away to go back to watching the crowd. 

“I’ll take care of it,” Pepper says, and moves to intercept the man before he can get any closer. 

“You sure about this, Tones?” Rhodey asks. 

“Never been surer,” she says, eyes on the podium. “You got my cheeseburger?” She holds out a hand and someone plops a bag in it. It’s awkward with one hand, but she cracks open the bag and takes a deep, appreciative sniff of heaven with bacon and a side of fries. “Then let’s go make history.”

-------

Agent Phil Coulson from the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division is persistent, Toni will give him that, and Pepper’s no help, since she keeps giving him appointments despite repeatedly being ordered to do no such thing. Toni’s becoming quite adept at ducking his determined attempts to speak with her, but she’s starting to feel practically hunted. It seems like every time she turns around, there he is with his non-threatening smile and his perfectly pressed suit, ever-so-politely asking her if she can spare ten minutes of her time.

She doesn’t even know why she’s so hellbound to not talk to him. It isn’t like the Army, Air Force, Navy, Spec Ops, CIA, DOD, FBI, DHS, NSA and other various alphabet-soup government departments haven’t taken a crack at her. It’s not like she hasn’t talked to virtually every reporter on the planet by now, been invited to tour the talk show circuit to discuss her trauma. Personally, she’s still waiting for Springer’s people to call, because if she’s going to end up on daytime talk shows, she’s starting with the big guns. 

Maybe it’s because Agent Phil Coulson from the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division doesn’t want to talk about the Ten Rings, or the weapons they cached. Maybe it’s because he’s not interested in Ho Yinsen, or the men she killed. He doesn’t probe about her nightmares, or her complete aversion to getting her head wet – and thank fucking Christ for dry shampoo, is all she’s saying. Dry shampoo, and a bloody phenomenal hairdresser named Francois. No, Agent Phil Coulson from the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division wants to talk about the armor she made, the tech she developed out of a box of scraps and cannibalized missiles. 

And that’s something she can’t say she’s ever going to be interested in discussing for the foreseeable future. 

But all his persistence and hard work and probable bribes to her staff pays off one sunny Tuesday morning three weeks after she finally thought she was rid of him for good. 

Happy’s driving her to work for the first time since she dropped the bomb on America that Stark Industries is officially out of the weapons manufacturing business. She’s dressed for work, in fuck-me red pumps and her favorite slate-grey pantsuit, texting the head of SI’s robotics division in Hong Kong about some tweaks he’s made to that facility’s assembly line, because it has intriguing implications for full-scale production of her arc reactor technology. She can only assume that’s why she doesn’t see Agent Phil Coulson from the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division until it’s far too late to do anything about it. 

“Here ya go, boss,” Happy says, putting the car into park beside the curb in front of the SI campus main doors in downtown Los Angeles. 

“Thanks, Hap.” She glances up at the pop of his seat belt buckle, gives him a look. “Hogan, this is why I have valets at SI. Relax. One of them will get the door.”

She doesn’t bother looking up from her phone when the door opens, just holds her hand up and out. The hand that takes hers is smooth and soft, but definitely not the uncallused hand of an eighteen year old kid sweating to death in a scratchy wool vest. If only she’d realized it before she was out of the car. 

“Oh fuck,” she says, staring at Coulson over the rim of her sunglasses, her hand still in his. “Happy! Open the door!” 

“See ya later, boss!” Happy calls, giving a jaunty wave as he pulls out of the spot to let the next car drop off
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Families of Choice
Medical Conditions
Medicinal Drug Use
Aftermath of Torture
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
Female Tony Stark
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Rhodey tries to be a good bro
the road to hell is paved with good intentions
Rare Pairings
Palladium Poisoning
Extremis
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Fluff and Angst
Past Drug Use
Sexual Content
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Light BDSM
Responsible BDSM
Temporary Character Death
Medical Trauma
Tahiti is a Magical Place
Brotp
Unplanned Pregnancy
Grief/Mourning
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Thor Is Not Stupid
Protective Thor
Thor Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Tony Stark

