Work Text:
 ‘Good work, everyone,’ Steve breathes when last of the aliens is down. ‘Keep that up.’There is a murmur of sure and yes and thanks that sounds like a wind in Steve’s ears. He is lightheaded and exhausted from the long battle, but it’s a good feeling, it’s knowing that his sacrifice seventy years earlier paid off, as well as all the hours he spends holed up in gym, training, trying to make himself better and better.Iron Man doesn’t say anything, just gives Steve a slightest of nods and takes off.Steve looks up and stares at the battered red and gold suit, sun reflecting in the shiny surface, until it disappears from view, turning into nothing more than a tiny star-like dot on the morning sky. Steve shakes his head and looks around at his teammates. They are talking, moving, laughing even; they are alive and mostly unhurt and everything is great.They take a Quinjet lift up to Helicarrier for a debrief. Iron Man is already waiting in the room, unmoving like always.Fury thanks them for the good job and asks them to give their individual reports orally, quick and easy so that everyone can go and finally rest. Steve appreciates the thought, even if he doesn’t think he will be able to fall asleep.When it’s Iron Man’s turn to speak, he gives his observations and describes his contribution to the fight in exactly five precise short sentences. Steve doesn’t look at him, but he listens closely, devouring the metallic undertone and the unique way of saying vowels and the slightly too long hiss around every the s.Future fascinates and terrifies Steve equally, but his teammate is part of the incredible and beautiful and everything that Steve has expected of the future.He goes back to his apartment, makes himself a huge sandwich and when he’s done with it, he finds a good spot on the sofa and tries to draw the armor. There is a certain glow to it – there are so many details to include – that it feels like there is always something missing.  It takes him three months to actually ask, after yet another mission where Iron Man flies away as soon as the battle is done, giving Steve his usual curt nod.‘Do you know who it is?’ he asks Clint as soon as the armor disappears from view and no one else in within  the hearing range.‘Iron Man? Hah. Who knows,’ Clint replies dismissively, checking his quiver for damages, never looking up.Steve has been told that superheroes have the right to remain anonymous and keep their identity secret and Steve understands, because he opted to do that himself. The world is strange enough as it is and he doesn’t want any of the – media frenzies about himself. If he puts on right clothes, modern clothes, and doesn’t say too much as he doesn’t have a hang on modern slang yet, no one looks at him twice.‘S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn’t know either?’ Steve pushes, sitting down on a piece of nearby building that has fallen off during the attack. He wishes he could take off the skin-tight costume and the face mask and let his skin breathe, let himself relax under streams of hot water and amidst a cloud of steam.Clint is the right person to ask, because he is Coulson’s boyfriend and Coulson knows more about S.H.I.E.L.D. than anyone but Director Fury himself.‘Nah, he didn’t give us any clue.’‘How do you know it’s a man, then?’‘We guessed?’ Clint replies, shrugging. ‘Height and shape of the suit match man’s body more than woman’s, and well, he calls himself Iron Man and reacts to male pronouns.’‘Makes sense,’ Steve replies unsurely and moves his eyes to his shield. It reflects the sun the same way Iron Man’s armor does, even if the colors are wrong.  Steve reads about the first Iron Man armor. It was made by Tony – Anthony Stark, Howard’s son, apparently just as brilliant as his father – and it protected his girlfriend and his factory from a man using a similar gear.‘Iron Man is mine,’ the man said. Steve watches the footage over and over, staring at Tony, who is so similar to Howard and so strikingly different at the same time, and at the armor behind him, unmoving and imposing like always. After those words, Anthony walked off the small stage and disappeared in a black limousine, the armor following him in the air.For half a year after that, Stark was being what apparently was his usual self, appearing in tabloids at least once a week, usually with a girl and in various stages of drunkenness. He launched Stark Expo – Steve can’t help but shiver at the thought of that, at the memories – and hosted a birthday party that a certain clique would remember for a long time. His behavior, according to the data Steve could get hold of, was being more and more erratic at that time.Some kind of breakdown, media speculated, after the three months in captivity. PTSD – a modern name for Shell Shock, Steve learns – or anxiety or depression or everything combined, he reads, but it’s all assumptions.The man appeared less and less in the outside world, turning into a recluse.The papers are torn between being vicious and overly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
AU
Secret Identity
Misunderstandings
POV: Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has Issues
Late Night Conversations
Inspired by Poetry
Saving the World
Press and Tabloids
Self-Esteem Issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

