Chapter 1: Begin at the Beginning (or as close as you can get)
    




Chapter Text
Maria’s day started off so well.  She logged seven consecutive hours of sleep—nearly a record—and there was fresh coffee in the mess when she got there.  She even managed to clear enough time in her schedule to work with some of the newer agents for most of the morning.  Her presence may have scared the hell out of them, but they hid it well and made good progress.  
A few urgent reports came in around noon, and she had to throw herself into making up for the incompetence of an agent who really should have known better, but things didn’t start going to hell in earnest until nearly fifteen hundred hours.  Again, nearly a record.
But by eighteen thirty hours any gains she managed that morning are wiped clean, and by nineteen forty-five hours she’s ready for early retirement.  Just another twenty years to go.
She sighs.  The sludge in her coffee cup burns as it goes down, but the heat keeps her from tasting it much, so all things considered it’s just as well.  They’ve averted three minor catastrophes, but the latest report presages a headache like they haven’t had in weeks.
She triple confirms with the terrified agent offering his report, and in the end comes out with no certainty at all, but dark enough suspicions that they can’t wait.
She takes a breath, taps off her com, and crosses the bridge to Fury's station.  "Reports suggest that the robots may be Doom's, Sir."
"'May'?"  By his voice, his day isn’t going any better than hers.
"No confirmation yet.  Our people haven't able to get close enough to get a good look.  But the technology is close enough that we're proceeding under the assumption that Doom is involved.  And after what happened last time—"
"I remember."
"We need full deployment.  Four teams, five if we can get them.  Rogers on point."
"No.  Time to bring in the big guns.  Rogers works better with them anyway."
"Respectfully, Sir, Rogers has worked with them all of twice, and we don’t have a lot of time.  How do we even know they'll come in again?"
"They'll come in.”
“You always say that.  One of these days we’re going to need them and they aren’t going to come.”
“Not today.  Pull Barton and Romanoff out of Kiev and get Rogers to bring in Banner and Thor.  Coulson will handle Stark."
Maria breathes a sigh of relief.  At least a little of the morning’s luck is still with her.  "As long as I don't have to," she mutters.  Fury gives her a dark look and even she isn’t immune to that.  She adds a belated “Sir,” and returns to her post. 
~
The day is fine and fair, the sky a cloudless blue, and the sun warm on Thor's shoulders.  An excellent day to go out in the world and enjoy the pleasures of it.
Jane, unfortunately, disagrees.  Her preparations for some significant celestial event were interesting for the first few days, but eventually he grew tired of following her calculations.  Texts and films on the great leaders of this realm kept him busy for several days more, but on this fine day he must admit, to himself at least, that he is growing bored.
The call from Captain Rogers is therefore most welcome, and he readily agrees to join his once and future comrades in the defense of the great and fabled city of Detroit.  
Provided that someone will tell him how to get there.
~
"OK."
"OK?"
"OK, I'll go handle Doom's hunks of junk.  No, strike that, that definitely came out wrong.  I'll deal with his little doombots or whatever ridiculous crap he's come up with now.  I heard how he kicked your asses last month, and I've magnanimously decided to give you guys a hand."
"You're bored, aren't you?"
"Or death's just made you persuasive.  How is that whole 'dead' thing working out for you anyway?"
Coulson's eyeroll is almost audible.  "Greatly exaggerated, as I've explained.  Repeatedly."
"And yet the exaggerator hasn't apologized once."
"He's got nothing to apologize for, Stark.  Move the hell on.  You'll be in Detroit by zero nine hundred tomorrow?"
"For my favorite corpse, sure thing."
~
Bruce eyes the buzzing phone warily.  Honestly, most days it slips his mind that the thing's a phone at all, and not just an ultra-portable lab computer.  The number isn't one he recognizes, and his phone doesn't know it either.  Which narrows things down only as far as "not Tony Stark."    And even that's only because Stark gave him the gadget with his contact information already programmed in, complete with glamour photo and Black Sabbath ring tone.
He considers answering, but before he makes up his mind the call goes to voicemail.  He shrugs and turns back to his notes, but the phone is still for only a moment before the buzzing starts up again.
"Fuck," he mutters, and thumbs the accept button.
"Doctor Banner."  Steve Rogers' face shows up on the screen, serious but warm.  Bruce belatedly realizes that he'll be visible on the other end.  Fucking StarkPhone.  He runs a hand through his hair and tries to remember the last time he looked int
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
teamfic
eventual bruce/tony
Super Soldier Serum
Background Jane/Thor
Body Horror
by which I mean involuntary exposure to the serum
It's not like a horror movie or anything
depends on the horror movie I guess
Contemplation of Suicide
minor Natasha/Rhodey

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

