Work Text:
Rhodey wasn’t supposed to know about the phone.He’d stumbled upon it one day, when he let himself into Tony’s lab, exchanging banter with his best friend while he tried on the prosthetics that Tony had built. He had teased the other man about having a flip phone of all things, expecting Tony to snipe back at him with some flimsy excuse. Instead, the other man’s jovial demeanor vanished completely, his face shuttering, revealing no emotion whatsoever. Rhodey – who had initially dismissed the phone with a single glance – looked back at the innocuous device sitting on the table. Tony had his walls up when Rhodey mentioned the phone, and the genius looked at the thing like he didn’t know if he should set it on fire or never let go of it.Rhodey may not be as much of a genius as Tony was, but he could put two and two together.“Is this from him?” he demanded, anger sizzling in his veins.Tony had nodded jerkily and looked away, fiddling with the tools on the table.Having been Tony’s friend for decades came with the wisdom of knowing when to push the man’s buttons. As much as Rhodey wanted to shake his friend and demand an explanation, he knew that Tony would snap if he so much as asked about the phone again. So Rhodey swallowed the rage that curled in his chest like a sleeping dragon and prodded his friend about his new legs, demanding to test it out immediately.Tony’s relaxing posture was worth the bitter pill that he had swallowed. The first time the phone was actually used – and not displayed like some antique model of communication – Tony wasn’t the one who used it.Rhodey had been called back to the Air Force – the brass needed to ‘settle’ some things – for several days, and Tony had waved him away, citing that he could take care of himself when needed. Rhodey was just reluctant to leave his friend when he needed him the most, but Tony’s insistence combined with the military’s impatience had him packing his bags. He made the billionaire promise to call him if he needed anything, to which Tony had replied impudently that he was only going to be gone for three days.Rhodey had sighed, drew his friend in for a hug, and left.When he came back, Rhodey was pleasantly surprised to see the color seeping back into Tony’s face, remembering the all too pale pallor the man had sported the last few days before he left. It didn’t take long for Rhodey to wheedle out what had happened in the last three days, and that the former director of SHIELD, Nick Fury, who was – surprise surprise – not dead, had come to visit Tony.The engineer didn’t say what transpired between the two of them, but whatever it was had clearly helped Tony in some way. Rhodey squashed down the childish jealousy at someone else helping his best friend when he couldn’t and joked about placing some flowers on Fury’s grave. Tony cackled and told FRIDAY to place the orders.Rhodey had been sitting in the lab, indulging in some engineering on his own that he rarely got to do with his duties as a Colonel and as War Machine. Many people forgot that Rhodey had been there with Tony in MIT as a student, and they forgot that Rhodey was an engineer too. Tony had been off to meet Ross – sleazy bastard he was – and Vision was trying recipes in the kitchen again. Rhodey didn’t really want to supervise an all-powerful android who was trying to cook and so settled comfortably in the lab while keeping an ear out for FRIDAY if Vision set the kitchen on fire again.He had been fiddling around with the tablet when he first heard it, a buzzing sound that didn’t seem to stop. Rhodey looked up and frowned, wondering what the noise could be. He was almost convinced that it was one of Tony’s creations/experiments when his eyes landed on the bulky flip phone sitting at the corner of the table. The device was vibrating, the noise suddenly becoming loud and irritating in Rhodey’s ears. The Colonel got up and hobbled over to the phone, hefting it in his hands, its unfamiliar weight matching the weight in his stomach. The screen lit up, only one word on it: Nomad. It didn’t take rocket science to figure out who was calling, and the phone squeaked under the pressure that Rhodey was putting it through.The colonel took a deep breath and uncurled his fingers from around the phone, settling for glaring at the device until it stopped moving, the screen turning dark. He waited for several minutes until he was sure that the phone wasn’t going to ring again before flipping it open. Rhodey fumbled with it for a moment – too used to the voice recognition features that Tony had installed on his own StarkPhone that negated the need for actually tapping on the device – that it took him a few moments before he found himself on the caller’s log page. His lips twisted into a sneer and he deleted the call log, erasing all trace of a missed call.Tony probably wouldn’t have wanted to answer the phone anyway. The second time the phone rang, Tony wasn’t in either.The man was too busy to even bother to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
BAMF Rhodey
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Protective Rhodey
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Rhodey Feels
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Reality is setting in for Steve

fandom: 
None
