Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If life had taught Tony one thing over the past thirty-five years, it was this: that humans were one fucked-up collection of hyperevolved pretentious apes. Fathers didn't love you when they were supposed to, being the brightest kid in the room didn't automatically make you the most popular, and the person that you'd grown up assuming (in spite of the sum total of your other experiences) would always be on your side was fully capable of turning around and trying to crush the life out of you using a power suit whose design he'd stolen from you in the first place. No, given a lifetime of painful experiences Tony had every right to come to the conclusion that other people were necessary to keep his world running, and maybe as occasional convenient holes to fuck, but other than that? Absolutely useless, and keep the hell away from him, thank you very much. (Pepper Potts was something of an exception to that rule. He still hadn't figured out how. But she hadn't overtly screwed him over yet, so he was keeping her around on a wait-and-see basis. Had been for the last twelve years, and so far things hadn't gone completely pear-shaped, right? Right. So. She could stay. In his more sentimental moments he dared to dream that maybe it would be forever, but big boys didn't buy into fairytales.) Funny thing, fairytales — some of them talked about crazy shit like dragons turning into princesses and women turning into swans, but he was pretty sure that none of them had ever told a story quite like this: him waking up abruptly in the middle of the night to the sudden awareness that someone was standing at the threshold of his bedroom, pale as a willow poised on the verge of shivering in indigo pajamas and a tightly belted burgundy dressing gown, gazing at him with unblinking eyes the colour of aquamarine. He rolled over onto his back and propped himself up on both elbows, blinking at his unexpected visitor, then scowling. "JARVIS?" "Yes, Sir." His voice was as gorgeous and as cultured as ever: being trapped in a single small body, limited to a merely mortal frame, had diminished its omnipresence but not its elegance. "I'm afraid so. However, let me assure you that I had no intention of waking you." Tony sat up, letting the sheet fall unheeded around his hips and grimacing slightly as the room's cool air struck his naked chest, then scrubbed a hand across his face before mumbling: "S'okay." Which, surprisingly, it was. Normally being roused by an unexpected other body in his personal space would have made him as annoyed as fuck, but JARVIS had been in his personal space from the day JARVIS had been created. Hell, that was JARVIS's function. Which now it kind of wasn't. But whatever. "What's'matter? Can't sleep?" JARVIS — no, merely Jarvis now — hesitated before replying: for a split second, Tony thought he was going to simply turn and vanish back into the shadows of the house, like a cat caught doing something it shouldn't have. "Indeed, Sir. Something has come up, quite literally. I believe —" Another hesitation, and he blinked: it was the transition between cool appraisal and a brief depth of poignant confusion that slid past Tony's elaborate defences and into his chest like a blade, and that was totally not fair. "I should go. My apologies. Good night." He started to turn away. Tony's hand, swiftly raised, stopped him in his tracks like a mount well-trained to its rider's hand. "Whoa, wait a second! What do you mean, 'something's come up'? A problem with the house?" Curiosity started a swift slide toward dread. "An issue in the lab?" Cut off as he currently was from the mansion's systems, the A.I. could no longer deal with any malfunctions that might arise in the laboratory space, which Heaven only knew was full of enough volatile components to send this part of Malibu crashing into the ocean if they all went nuclear at once. But Jarvis merely shook his blond head, one neat economical gesture. "Nothing of the sort, I assure you. Really, it's — nothing of consequence." He tried to leave again, but a more impatient flick of Tony's fingers brought him up short and held him in place while Tony slipped out from between the sheets and padded across the carpet in his loose-fitting pajama bottoms and bare feet to find out just what the fuck was going on here. "Sir, I really should be —" "That's enough, Jarvis." He infused the words with his best command inflection and had the satisfaction of seeing the — and what was this, exactly? This was a creature of flesh and blood, but it wasn't another person, it was JARVIS, and as much as Tony knew he should be putting a few hundred miles of distance between them because other people were pure trouble — he just couldn't. He'd made JARVIS, and he wasn't going to abandon him because now he perspired and breathed and had a pulse — especially when it wasn't JARVIS's fault in the first place. Other human beings didn't deserve his loyalty, fuck 'em, but JARVIS and the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

freeform: 
A.I. to Human
First Time
Fairy Tales
watching while sleeping
Daddy Kink
Dominance
Hand Jobs
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Protectiveness
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark

