Work Text:
The morning newspaper had a picture of Tony and Clint on the front page. They were both in elegant suits—even thought Clint’s was purple—and Clint had his arm thrown over Tony’s shoulders, Tony leaning into him. They were both grinning. Steve wasn’t sure when he’d seen Tony that relaxed for the last time. He should be happy, but something painful settled in the pit of his stomach at the way Clint’s fingers curled around Tony’s arm.Steve had never said anything, so if he lost his chance now, it was his own damn fault.***“You seem angry,” Carol said. Steve didn’t stop punching the bag. “Up to hitting someone who might hit back?” she asked.Steve stepped away, looked at her. “I’m not angry,” he lied.And he wasn’t. He was glad that Tony was happy. But he still had too much energy he needed to spent, and too many regrets fuelling it—He really had no right to act like that. He needed to get his shit together before Tony saw him. Tony could never know.“Sure you’re not.” She walked to the mat. “Any reason you crumpled the newspaper beyond recognition? Someone else might’ve wanted to read it too, you know.”Steve almost asked how she knew it was him, but there was no point. They both got up first. He stilled the punching bag with his head, took a few deep breaths, and followed her to the mat.“Sorry,” he said.She shrugged. “You should tell him, you know.”No he shouldn’t.He felt a bit better after she knocked him on his ass three times in a row.***Tony stumbled into the kitchen at dinner time, looking barely conscious, and made a beeline for the coffee maker.Steve stood in his path, stopped him with a hand to his chest. “How long have you been awake?”“I have projects,” Tony muttered, but he didn’t try to push Steve away. His eyes were bloodshot. “They won’t run away,” Steve told him firmly. “Come on. Let’s get you to bed.”Clint walked in the kitchen next, and Steve froze, rewound what he just said. “Uh—sorry—” He stepped back.Tony and Clint both stared at him.“You fine, man?” Clint asked.Steve wasn’t sure what to say.“Oh, Clint,” Tony said, “come by the workshop later, I have the new designs for you.”Is that how you call it these days, Steve thought, and he was ashamed of himself He should be better than that.“Thanks,” Clint said. He tilted his head. “Although not today, Stark. Steve’s right, you need bed.”“I’ll just leave you two,” Steve blurted out, and all but ran away.***Someone was laughing in the living room. Steve planned to paint a bit, but he decided to check what was going on. He’d gladly join in on a movie night.Tony was sitting cross-legged on the sofa, moving his hands in rapid motions in front of him. Clint was on the other end, nodding occasionally. Tony was in his shirtsleeves, his top buttons open, and Steve looked at the long line of his throat. It took him a moment to understand Tony was signing. He knew the basics, of course, all of them had learnt it—but now it felt that if he tried to understand, he’d be eavesdropping.He left quietly before either of them could notice him.Tony clearly was happy. Steve was being pathetic.***“Oh, Steve!” Jan’s voice stopped him in the doorway. “Are you busy?”“Not really,” he said. “Do you need anything?”“Yeah.” She reached into her handbag and after some feeling around, took out a pendrive. “Can you get it to Tony? It’s some designs, but I’m already late for a meeting about fabrics—are you all right?”Steve wasn’t sure what his face looked like at the moment. He forced himself to nod. “Sure thing, Jan.”Her look was piercing. “Tell him,” she said.“What’s the point?” he asked quietly. “Go, don’t be late, I’ll give it to him.”She was clearly torn. “I’m fine, Jan, go.”“We’ll go back to that later,” she promised, and was out.Steve sighed. He went to the elevator, typed in the code for Tony’s workshop. A few seconds later, the elevator stopped downstairs, and Steve went out. He punched in another code—he understood the need for security, but sometimes it just seemed ridiculous—and stopped half-step in.Clint was there, and Tony was leaning over him, his hand cradling Clint’s cheek.The world hated him, Steve decided.He knocked on the door to get their attention. They didn’t even move away, Clint just grinned at him, and Tony gave him the smile Steve used to believe was just for him.“Hi,” he said. “Everything fine? You haven’t come by in a few days.”He didn’t think Tony noticed that. “Yeah, sorry,” he said. “Uh, Jan sent me—”“Oh, she finished? Great. Give it here.”Tony turned from Clint, took the pendrive from Steve. “Are you sure you’re fine?” he asked quietly. “You look . . .”“I’m peachy,” Steve told him. “I’ll leave you two to it.”“Steve?”He didn’t stop.***When Steve got to the kitchen in the morning, Clint was already there. “This is getting ridiculous,” he said as a hello.Steve gave him a questioning look before he turned to the fridge. Everything was fine, he told himself.“Look, I got up at 5 to catch you before everyone else was awake,” Clint said. “I’m not da
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jealous Steve
Fluff
Getting Together

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

