Work Text:
Tony and Bucky had been dancing around this thing between them for almost three months before it dawned upon Tony that maybe there were past the dancing. He had that particular revelation while they were sitting in Tony’s favourite restaurant, soft music playing in the background and candles painting everything in a warm gold.The thought that this might be a date, their date, filled Tony with trepidation as much as with joy.  Something must have shown on his face because Bucky looked questioningly at him.“What’s going on in your head?” he asked Tony who was aware that he probably looked like a deer in headlights.“Is this a date?” he pressed out and fiddled with his fingers.“It can be, if you want that,” Bucky said and leaned back in his chair. “I definitely want it to be,” he continued when Tony had an internal freak out. “But if you’re not comfortable with that, then this is just a dinner between friends.”“I’m not good with this,” Tony mumbled into his food, instead of giving Bucky an answer.“With what? Dinner between friends? Because so far, you’re doing well,” Bucky told him with a smile and Tony shook his head.“The relationship thing. You know that. It’s been over the news.”“It’s also been over the news that Steve and Natasha are banging and that Clint is actually a mutant, no matter how often he claims to not have the gene.”Tony wanted to protest, because sometimes the news did get some things right, but Bucky was faster.“Yes, I know you’re not great with relationships, but that’s because I’ve been living with you, and to be quite honest, you also have problems with friendships, so I figured it would also extend to relationships.”“But Pepper…”“Was quite adamant that the breakup wasn’t your fault. She made sure we all knew it was as much of her fault as it was yours. So don’t say anything in that direction now.”“You haven’t seen me at my worst,” Tony softly said and Bucky sighed.“No, I guess I haven’t. But I have seen you in your self destruction mode, on a work binge, trying to sacrifice yourself and hiding your injuries. I guess those are already pretty bad and yet you haven’t seen me running.”Tony kept his gaze on his food, listlessly pushing around some noodles.“Hey,” Bucky beckoned him and Tony reluctantly looked up. “All I can focus on right now, is that you’re not telling me that this is just a dinner between friends.”He said it without a demand, giving Tony the chance to sort his feelings out.And it wasn’t all that hard, Tony was pretty much certain he was in love with Bucky, but instead of saying that he said “I’m not good with relationships.”“That’s still not a ‘no’,” Bucky softly said.“No, it’s not,” Tony admitted.“What keeps you from saying yes?” Bucky asked and Tony looked back down at his food.“The team is gonna hate this,” Tony mumbled, more to himself than to Bucky, but of course he heard it.“The team is not a part of this,” Bucky told him. “They don’t matter in this.”“Can we keep it…” Tony started but then he trailed off. It wasn’t fair to ask that of Bucky.Bucky obviously had different plans because he asked “Can we what, Tony?”Tony just shook his head but Bucky reached for his hand. “Hey,” he softly said. “If this is to work, we have to be honest and communicate with each other. So tell me.”Tony nodded at that because it sounded reasonable enough and then he said “Can we keep it secret for a bit?” He looked up at Bucky, a bit hesitant to see his reaction to that, but Bucky smiled brightly at him.“Of course we can. It’s a great idea actually. Gives us time to just enjoy this and get used to it.”It wasn’t what Tony had been expecting and so he simply stared at Bucky.“So is that a yes to the date?” Bucky eventually asked, when Tony couldn’t bring himself to look away from Bucky’s happy expression.“Yes, it is,” Tony told him and Bucky immediately took his hand and pressed a kiss to his knuckles.“Great,” he said and then dug into his food like this was the most normal thing.This whole evening proceeded to be a constant surprise for Tony. Bucky was attentive as always, not changing his way one bit, and if they hadn’t spoken about it, this could still be just a dinner between friends.But when they were done, Bucky insisted on paying for the meal and when they got up, he briefly took Tony’s hand and smiled sweetly at him. Bucky stayed close to him the whole way to the car and when they were finally seated he didn’t miss a second to take Tony’s hand again.“This is okay, right?” he even asked Tony who just nodded, because this was more than okay.When they came back to the tower, Bucky stayed close again, but he was also giving the impression that this had just been a normal evening for them.They came up to Tony’s floor and Tony was half expecting Bucky to do something now, maybe to kiss him passionately, maybe to ask if he could come inside, but Bucky just took his hands in his and then said “I had a lovely evening, Tony.”He punctuated his words with yet another kiss to Tony’s knuckle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Secret Relationship
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Steve Is A Bit Mean
Reveal
Getting Together
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

