Chapter 1: of BLTs and Misunderstandings
    




Chapter Text
Steve’s alarm clock sounded at 6AM, the super soldier groaning in annoyance as he fought to turn the damn thing off. Once that tedious task of the morning was accomplished, Steve flopped on his belly, his face smashed into the pillow. Tony always teased him, saying that it should be illegal getting up at such an ungodly hour. Yeah, Steve did get up earlier than most, he’d admit it. But that didn’t mean he enjoyed it. He blamed his early to rise schedule on the military, ingrained into his mental wiring. Even though it took him a while to wake up, Steve did like that the tower was rather quiet, letting him have some time to himself before the hustle and bustle of the day had become overwhelming. So, after he made himself breakfast, Steve did his normal routine of research and paperwork for the Avengers, getting any legalities in order with Maria and what not. As he headed up from the main floor of Avengers Tower, needing a few papers sent out to Fury, Steve wondered where Tony had been all day. Even on days the genius worked in his lab, he would at least pop up to grab a snack or to clear his head by taking to the sky in his Iron Man suit.Steve also wished he wouldn’t get so worked up over the man. He’d been trying so hard to be diligent on letting his feelings for Tony subside. If he was honest with himself, he wasn’t doing a good job with it. But he deserved a pat on the back for trying at least.He went about the rest of the day as well as the next two days trying to keep himself busy, so that he wasn’t left daydreaming about Tony and his charming smile. By the third day without getting a glimpse of the genius, Steve became genuinely worried, though. When he saw Bruce walking out of the communal kitchen, he had to stop the man. “Hey Bruce,” Steve greeted, when the man turned toward the hall. He unintentionally scared him, the cup of tea Bruce was holding spilling a little when he jerked back in fright. “Oh, I’m so sorry,” Steve rushed out, eyes wide, hoping he didn’t stress Bruce out too much. “It’s okay, Bruce said softly, taking a few deep breaths. “I’d hope I could manage a few jump scares here and there,” he teased. “So, was there something you needed, Steve?”“Yes. I was wondering if you had seen Tony around at all?” He asked, scratching the back of his head in a nervous gesture. Why was he nervous? Bruce wasn’t going to know Steve’s hidden feelings for Tony just by asking if he’d seen him. Steve quickly brought his hand down to his side, attempting to act casual.“No, I actually haven’t,” Bruce replied, sipping at his tea. “Do you think everything is alright?” Steve inquired, making sure his voice was even and not filled with concern.“He’s probably on an inventing spree. You know how gets.” Bruce gave him a friendly smile and a pat on the shoulder before he headed back down to his own science lab. Steve thought about what Bruce said, knowing the quiet man was most likely right. Steve really needed to calm down. It was Tony, he was a genius who always had something to work on. Still, it all just seemed off to him. Shaking his head from his thoughts, Steve decided to distract his mind with some strength conditioning exercises. That would help!Unfortunately, Steve made it a whole twenty minutes down in the gym, punching a heavy bag before he couldn’t take it anymore. He wanted to see Tony, not just because he missed his presence, but because he needed to make sure the man was okay. It wasn’t a big deal, that’s what friends did. But if something was wrong, Steve would be curious to know why Tony hadn’t confided in him about it. He and Tony were close, and whenever something harbored on their shoulders, they would talk to the other about it, knowing that not too many others knew them the way they knew each other.After a quick shower, Steve dressed in nice dark jeans and a form fitting heather grey t-shirt. He couldn’t deny that he liked to look somewhat dashing when he was around Tony. He figured it was a common notion for anyone with a crush on someone to want to look their best.Steve created a plate of food for the genius, the lunch consisting of a BLT, cut apple slices and a cup of fresh black coffee. He’d done this friendly gesture many times before, when Tony had a genius streak down in his lab. But now since his feelings had progressed beyond platonic, he was afraid everything he did revealed his true feelings. Steve shook his head, sighing at his idiocy before regaining his composure and descending the elevator that would lead him to Tony’s workshop. Steve also had a backup plan. If things became too awkward between them, or more if Steve became awkward, he would tell Tony they should do some Avenger training with the team as soon as possible.As he became closer and closer to Tony’s lab floor, Steve attempted to will the hammering in his chest to calm down. Everything would be alright. He’d spent plenty of days just drawing or painting dow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
Pining Steve Rogers
Angst
Feels
Steve Feels
Slow Build
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers
Nightmares
Sharing a Bed
Stargazing
Pining Tony Stark
Fantasizing
Natasha Romanov Knows All
Wet Dream
Masturbation
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
First Kiss
First Time
Virgin Steve Rogers
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Emotional Sex
Eventual Smut
Fanart

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

