Chapter 1: How To (Not) Cope With Certain Events, An Easy (Terrible) Guide By Steven G. Rogers
    




Chapter Text

“I think going back under is the best thing. For everyone.”
 And Steve had known immediately that “everyone” was a warning. That was Bucky telling him quite clearly that he was trying to fucking protect Steve from himself, like he always had, the noble asshole. And Steve had so much respect for Bucky. He wasn’t gonna be like Hydra. He wasn’t gonna dictate or control Bucky’s life. Bucky had had enough of that for several lifetimes. But that didn’t mean it hurt any less. Everyone always fucking left. T’Challa and the rest of his team dealt with him warily, like they weren’t sure whether or not he was gonna snap. But Steve was fine. Sure, he hadn’t seen Bucky in months, and sometimes he was at the punching bag so long that his skin started to peel off to expose the bones of his fingers, and sometimes he couldn’t find the energy to drag himself out of bed, and sometimes he went weeks without sleeping, and sometimes he thought about throwing himself head-first off the nearest tall structure, but he was fine. He was absolutely, perfectly, one-hundred percent, fucking fine.  
  “Did you guys ever even, like, talk?” Sam asked out of the blue while Steve was running the treadmill hard enough to make the Wakandan trainer in the room glare at him with such force that Steve was distantly worried she would burn a hole into the back of his head. Steve abruptly stopped and stared at Sam. “What do you mean?” Sam looked uncomfortable. “Like. You and Bucky,” he said, making a weird gesture with his hands to signify something that Steve didn’t bother deciphering. Steve furrowed his brows in confusion. “Um. You were there? While we talked?” Sam scowled. “Dude, you know that’s not what I meant.” Steve started up the treadmill again. “What is there to talk about?” Sam sighed. “Oh, boy,” he muttered under his breath, but he blessedly dropped the conversation for now. Because Steve wasn’t his fucking responsibility or anything. Steve ran so hard that he almost passed out, which was a fact that he regarded with mild satisfaction, although every feeling felt kind of mild these days. 
  They hadn’t talked. They’d looked at each other with wondering, knowing glances. They’d fallen back into battle like they were born to fight. They’d fought for each other like they were fighting for their own souls. But they hadn’t talked. On T’Challa’s plane to Wakanda, Steve had frantically patched Bucky’s wounds, and Bucky had scowled and tried to do the same for Steve with his one fucking arm, but they hadn’t talked. Steve had dropped his head onto Bucky’s shoulder and passed out, and he had woken up with a start and tear tracks on his face, and Bucky had reached over and smoothed some of the hair off his forehead, but they hadn’t talked. What was there to talk about? 
  Steve stared at the door to the room Bucky was being held in. He hadn’t actually gone inside the room since Bucky had been awake, so he hadn’t seen Bucky in nearly six months. Steve couldn’t remember much of the past six months, and he wondered why that thought didn’t send him into a spiral of panic. Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood there, but T’Challa eventually walked up and stood next to him. He was always so wary and careful around Steve, like he might break at any moment. Steve hated it. T’Challa nodded at the door. “How often have you been in to see him?” he asked. Steve swallowed. “I haven’t.” They were quiet for a minute. Until T’Challa said, “I sit with him sometimes.” It sounded like a confession. “It feels right to keep him company. I sometimes wonder if my father feels the same peace as him.” “The peace of the dead,” Steve said, his voice sounding hollow. T’Challa gave him a curious look. “Is that why you cannot visit him? You think it resembles death too closely?” Steve looked away. “It’s an invasion of his privacy,” he said, the words sounding like a lie to his own ears. T’Challa smiled knowingly. “Of course, Captain.” Steve stared at the door. Why was he even here? “You know, it may help to see him.” “Help with what?” Steve asked defensively, immediately bristling. T’Challa looked like he wanted to roll his eyes in exasperation, but he was too dignified for that. “You are struggling. A dead man could see it.” “I’m not struggling with anything,” Steve muttered, rolling his shoulders. Steve could tell T’Challa was frowning dubiously without even looking at him. “You know,” he began, and Steve braced himself. “People run in different ways. Bucky physically removes himself from you in effort to protect you.” Steve closed his eyes. “You, however, have never physically run from anything. You only run from yourself.” Steve took a deep breath before shaking his head slowly. “I crashed a plane into the Arctic once. How’s that for physically running away?” T’Challa shrugged. “Regardless, you were running then, and you are running now.” “I thought I heard som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Slow Burn More Like FREEZER BURN
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Steve Rogers Is Not Okay
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Codependency
Steve Rogers is a Cynical Motherfucker
Everyone Listen to King Kit-Kat
Sam Wilson is a Gift
I WILL MAKE STEVE AND BUCKY HAVE HEALTHY RECOVERIES IF IT KILLS ME
Slow Burn Friendship With Sam and Bucky
Self-Harm
Identity Issues
anger issues
Panic Attacks
Listen I Love Tony Stark
Nat and Steve AKA Eternal BFFLS
A Couple of Self-Sacrificing Noble Assholes
Cruel and unusual punishment
Recovery
And Also True Love
Violence
Angst
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

