Work Text:
“Tony Stark,” he said, giving the nurse manning the reception desk in front of the Intensive Care Unit a tight smile. “I received a phone call regarding Peter Parker?”Her dark eyes widened and she consulted a post-it note stuck to her screen. ”Dr. Manning called you,” she said and picked up the phone. “Just a moment, sir, I'll get her for you.”“Just give me the room number,” Tony replied, looking at the sliding doors leading into the depths of the ward.“Access to the ICU is restricted, Mr. Stark.” She tilted her head towards the end of the corridor a few steps away, where a couple of chairs and worn couches were crowded together near a vending machine and a payphone. “Please take a seat, sir.”Tony sighed and picked the couch offering him the best view of the reception desk. It didn't feel overly comfortable and he wondered passingly how many people had been sitting right here in this spot over the course of the years, waiting for news.He checked his phone for messages, the display informing him that he didn't have any, that it was just after eleven in the evening and that it was raining heavily outside. He dropped the phone on the seat beside him and sighed deeply, rubbing his eyes tiredly. He'd been on the road for two hours to get here from the Avengers Facility and he still wasn't entirely clear on what had happened. He just knew that it wasn't Peter in that hospital bed, it was his aunt. He also knew that he hadn't been called here because of her, but because Peter had asked to call him. Tony had found himself in his car and on the road shortly after.He'd last seen Peter a few days ago at Avengers Tower to repair some damage that his web-shooters had taken, and everything had seemed fine. Peter had been his usual, slightly annoying, energetic self, talking without taking a breath while eating everything Tony placed within reach.Tony had driven back to the Avengers Facility after he'd dropped Peter off, spending two days in his workshop and with Rhodey and Vision. He hadn't appeared as Iron Man since Siberia, which wasn't only down to the new feeling of claustrophobia and nausea that caught him unawares whenever he so much as thought about stepping into his suit. Secretary Ross had informed the remaining Avengers in no uncertain terms that they were to stand down until further decisions regarding their future would be made. However, with Rhodey out for the count, Vision's strangely maudlin mood and his own aversion to the Iron Man suit, Tony didn't think that they would be able to take on a mission anyway. His life had become quiet ... and then the phone call had come.“Mr. Stark?”He looked up at the young doctor standing before him.She wore her brown hair strictly tied back and had the serious but confident and distant air about her that many doctors exuded. Her blue eyes, though, were compassionate and friendly, as was the small smile she gave him. “Dr. Eva Manning,” she said, holding out a hand.He stood to accept, noticing Peter standing behind her. He was huddled into his blue hoodie jacket, his hands buried deep in the pockets of his worn jeans. Tony narrowed his eyes, trying to make out any kind of injuries, but Peter seemed to be fine, if uncharacteristically withdrawn. It usually took him less than three seconds to start a conversation with Tony. He didn't even look at him now.Manning followed Tony's eyes and her smile turned sad. ”Thank you for coming so quickly. As I understood, you weren't exactly in the neighborhood.””That's alright,” Tony replied.Peter looked at him then. The harsh lights in the hospital's corridor probably didn't help, but he seemed pale, his expression pinched and his dark eyes tired. Tony gave a him a greeting nod … and received nothing in return.”I would like to speak to you for a moment,” Manning said gently and then turned to Peter. “Why don't you take a seat for a few minutes, Peter? We'll be right back.”A flash of something crossed Peter's face. Something like anger or indignation. Tony had already noticed that Peter didn't like being treated his age. Sure, he looked for approval and guidance a lot, but he wanted to be treated like an adult. It wasn't just because he was Spider-Man, Tony assumed, it probably also had a lot to do with his intelligence. Peter was bright, thriving under pressure and faced with a challenge. He reminded Tony of himself at that age, with one big difference: Where Tony had loved to provoke, Peter was almost painfully polite, which was probably why he now just nodded and went to the waiting area without protesting.Manning led Tony further away and finally stopped almost at the opposite end of the corridor. ”Mr. Stark, I'd like to thank you for coming so quickly. I know you're a busy man, but yours is the only number Peter would give us and I wanted to avoid calling the authorities.” She glanced at Peter. ”I think he would benefit more from being around someone he knows.””What's the situation?”Manning hugged her clipboard to her ches
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Possible Character Death
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Language
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

