Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony finds the papers by accident. He's going through some of Howard's old stuff, looking for some picture Steve had remembered being taken of him, Howard, and Peggy. He'd sounded fond and wistful and Tony's a giant sucker when it comes to making Steve happy (which no one will ever know) so he'd taken a drive to the Stark mansion in upstate New York to poke through Howard's things that are stored in the attic. He's looking through the oldest of Howard's boxes and not having any luck finding this fabled picture when he comes across a metal lockbox.It's nothing special, one of those old pieces of crap that claim to be fireproof but everyone knows they aren't. Tony's not sure how he hasn't come across this before, but it looks like Howard had done a good job of hiding the lockbox. It's crammed into the corner behind a box that has Howard's parent's things. Tony takes a moment to boggle at Howard’s shitty hiding place. Yeah, it was in a place that not many people who go looking for it, but Howard knew all kinds of places to hide shit and behind some boxes was not one of his better places.Tony tucks the lockbox under one arm and fights his way back out of the boxes, mutant dust bunnies, and dead spiders. He really needs to have Pepper hire someone to go through all this shit so Tony doesn’t have to.The lock is flimsy and breaks easily when he jams a screwdriver under the lid in a couple of places and levers up. Really, Tony’s disappointed in Howard’s lack of security. He had to figure that Tony was going to find this. Tony finds out everything eventually. Knowledge is power and he wants all of it.He’s expecting blueprints for some weapon that shouldn’t see the light of day or hey, maybe something cryptic that will require Tony to destroy part of his house trying to create another new element. What he isn’t expecting to find is a birth certificate for a baby girl named Kristine Dudek, birth mother Alicja Dudek.  The father's name is blank, in a completely shocking turn of events. Tony’s not surprised, though, especially once he finds the confidentiality agreement signed by Howard and Alicja. He flips through a few pages of the thick agreement, the pages brittle and dusty under his fingers. Howard had been generous—very generous for the time. A whole lot of money in exchange for never darkening the Stark doorway again or breathing a word about who Kristine’s real father might be.It's crazy and Tony almost can't wrap his head around it, but--he has a sister. Tony's always wanted a sister. Or brother. He never really cared which. Just someone.  He sets JARVIS to work trying to find Kristine (his sister. He has a sister!)  while he makes the drive back home, not even caring that he’s getting dust bunnies and dried spider pieces all over his Maserati.  The drive back and subsequent shower time for Tony is long enough for JARVIS to find just about every piece of information about his sister. By that time he’s ensconced in his workshop and pretending like he’s not avoiding Pepper. She has papers or something he’s supposed to sign. Boring. It’s possible that maybe she was wondering where he went if the ten missed calls and multiple texts that say “Where are you?!” in increasingly louder volume and capital letters. Tony may have forgotten to mention to Pepper that he was going to the house upstate. Oops. Tony types out a half hearted reply about needing to find "a thing" and pokes at one of his many half-finished projects. He’s too antsy, though, and can’t concentrate long enough to do anything but solder the tip of his finger to a circuit board.Tony's elated when JARVIS says he's located Tony's sister and then depressed as hell when JARVIS says that Kristine Dudek Stilinski is deceased. Less than five years ago, too. Shit. If he'd been a little more willing to go through Howard's stuff instead of ignoring it, he could have met his sister. Tony's heading for one of his secret scotch stashes when JARVIS interrupts him. "Sir, your sister married.""Tell me something I don't know." Where did he hide that bottle?"Sir," JARVIS says again. "Kristine Dudek married John Stilinski and they had a son in 1995." JARVIS proceeds to make a noise Tony has never heard him make before.Tony has half his body in a storage cabinet and can't remember if Pepper dumped the bottle in here out or not. It's possible this stash of scotch wasn't so secret. "What was--did you just sneeze, JARVIS?""No, sir." JARVIS makes the noise again and Tony's starting to get concerned now. "That is their son's name."Tony makes a face. What the hell? "Oh, Jesus. Really? Did they hate this kid or what?""Your nephew's Facebook profile indicates he goes by "Stiles".""That's not much better. Wait--" Tony straightens up and smashes his head on the bottom of a shelf. "Ow, fuck. JARVIS, I have a nephew!""Indeed, sir.""Figure out where he lives, JARVIS, I wanna meet this kid.”“He lives in Beacon Hills, California, sir, with his father.”“Californi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale & Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Crossover
Panic Attacks
Protectiveness
Manhandling

fandom: 
Derek Hale & Stiles Stilinski

