Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
All Roads Lead to Rome(2011)Chris EvansIt was 5:43 am when Chris Evans turned his head towards the nightstand clock for what it seemed to be the hundredth time in the past fifteen minutes. This time he thought Come on Chris! It´s been 5 weeks! And now you have seventeen minutes before the alarm clock on the phone goes off and you haven´t rest a single minute since you came to bed last night. He, once again saw the nightstand clock and Great! He sighs, Now its sixteen. With this, he simply gave up trying to sleep and got out of bed going towards the bathroom in the dark.He almost swore when he turn the bathroom lights on because of the brightness. Of course, after spending 6 hours staring at the ceiling in the dark no wonder it would bother him. He saw himself in the mirror, his hair completely perfect from the night before, obviously laying in the same position for so long without moving would have that effect, then he washed his teeth and continued to remove his tight boxers to take a shower.In there he applied the shampoo that Emily specially bought for him, with macadamia oils or some crap like that, he honestly couldn’t care less but the thought of her made him so angry he made a mental note to throw the goddamn shampoo on his way out of the shower. Which he did.Christ! I´m gonna need to wax my chest before either one of the Russo brothers tell me to, he thought to himself touching the hair on his pecs and abs. He knows they won’t allow him on set with a chest-full-of-hair because Joseph already told him he was having a shirtless scene at the beginning of The Avengers. He finished drying himself, threw the towel on the floor and got out of the bathroom just in time to hear the alarm clock on his phone go off announcing 6am. He unplugged it and put on a pair of fresh boxers and went down to the kitchen to have some coffee and orange juice –his usual breakfast- and then sat down on the terrace looking at his perfectly-maintained yard.“I´m gonna miss this place” He said out loud with a sigh “Another six months in L.A” and then continued on his mind At least I´ll see the guys, it´s been a while now. The last friend he saw was Scarlett when they both got together for drinks in New York almost a month ago. She´s always been such a good friend to him, she´s always been there for him specially after he and Emily broke up almost five weeks ago, it´s not like he was ready to get married or anything it´s just the fact that women have a knack to lead him on and then leave him, but this time is going to be different, this time he´s going to stay away from women, at least for a while. Fuck them he thoughtAs he finished his juice his phone rang and saw the name “Annie” on the screen and swiped his finger to pick up.“I was starting to get worried, Ann”. He said with a smile on his face“You know that even if I´m about to die, you know I would call you to let you know so you can replace me, that´s how good of an assistant I am”. She said with a stern voice even though she knew Chris was laughing at her “sternness” on the other side.“Yeah, yeah and to remind me I have a photoshoot scheduled so I wouldn´t dare to miss it” he laugh and so did she. “So, what time do we leave?”.“I already sent the car for you to take you to the airport, our flight leaves at 9 and once we´re on it we´ll go through the schedule for when we get to L.A.” She said causing Chris to jump off his chair and inside the house.“I trust you´re ready and well-rested, right?” She asked with a certain hint in her voice that made Chris think she already knew he wasn´t ready, in fact, far from it.“Who do you take me for? Of course I´m ready” he said running like hell and climbing the staircase to steps at the time. He only had boxers on and he couldn´t leave to the airport without taking care of his appearance, he knew he was going to get ambushed by paparazzi and now Annie told him the car was already on its way.“Mmm. If I didn´t know you any better I´d say your running around the house starting to get dressed, Chris. Don´t have time to go over there and kick you perfect little ass, hon” She said jokingly because even though Chris always waited to the last minute to get ready he always manage to get wherever he´s going on time.“Hey! You´re engaged! You shouldn´t be looking at my Perfect Little Ass” He said gasping for air as he threw a light blue shirt on the bed and started opening the other side of the closet to take pair of jeans and put them on. “When have I ever been late to something? Don´t say…” He started saying but got cut off by Annie.“ComicCon 2009” She said quickly.“God! You´re never letting that go, aren´t you?” Chris said with a little frustration in his voice.“It´s my job not to forget things honey. Now get dressed and I´ll meet you at the airport”“Fine, see you there” Chris click the screen ending the call.Ten minutes later he heard the doorbell ring twice and he knew it was the driver. He grabbed his s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Chris Evans/Chris Hemsworth
Sebastian Stan/Tom Hiddleston
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Relationship(s)
Angst
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Bareback Sex
Public Sex
Explicit Sexual Content
Romance
Friendship
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Chris Evans/Chris Hemsworth
Sebastian Stan/Tom Hiddleston
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

