Work Text:
Steve stopped short in the doorway, confused by the sight in front of him. Bucky was at one end of the couch, legs pulled underneath him, and Tony was curled into his side, sleeping peacefully with his head on Bucky’s chest as Bucky’s hand carding through his dark hair. Steve didn’t even think they liked each other, much less willing to…snuggle.
Bucky’s eyes shifted from the tv to the doorway and noticed Steve. Steve cocked his head towards the sleeping Tony laid out next to him and Bucky half-smiled and shrugged. So this was a recent thing. Steve knew that Bucky and Tony had bonded while Tony was fixing Bucky’s arm but this? This was unexpected.
True, the trust that Bucky had shown with allowing Tony anywhere near his body in that vulnerable of a position had been surprising but Bucky didn’t even touch Steve this much. A lump rose in Steve’s throat and he swallowed hard, turning around and leaving quickly, refusing to observe the objectively adorable scene in front of him.
Tony was Bucky’s now and he just has to live with that.
~

Tony stirred, blinking awake with a frown. “Was Steve here?” he asked, pulling away from Bucky and stretching. Bucky nodded without looking at Tony, just reached over and tugged him by the waist until Tony was pressed up close against his side. Tony sighed, leaning his head against Bucky’s shoulder.
“Why did he leave?” He mumbled, Bucky’s warmth seeping past his clothes into his skin.
Bucky shrugged, jostling Tony’s head. “He just looked spooked and left.”
Tony grimaced. “Not a person comfortable with snuggling?”
Bucky shrugged again and Tony could sense the confused scowl on his face. “I think he used to be.” He said slowly, searching through the lucid memories that he had retained. “I don’t know what changed.”
Tony sighed forlornly and Bucky patted his shoulder. “I’m sure Steve will come around eventually.”
Tony stiffened and then relaxed with a sharp exhale. “I’m sure I don’t care.” His voice was stilted, as if even he didn’t believe those words.
“Bullshit.” Bucky scoffed. “Just like you ‘don’t care’ about Steve’s ass every time it walks by.”
“I am not that obvious!” Tony said defensively. Bucky patted his shoulder patronizingly.
“Sure you’re not.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Says Mr. when-did-Sam-get-those-tight-shirts. I distinctly remember listening to whining and complaining.”
“…….Fine, so we’re both lovesick idiots.”
~

Steve was on the roof, sketching the skyline when Sam found him. “Rough day?” Sam asked, plopping down next to him and leaning back on his elbows.
“You could say that.” Steve kept his eyes fixed on the skyline, hunched over his sketchpad.
Sam frowned. “What happened to you?”

Steve shrugged, attempting to look nonchalant but failing. “Can’t a man want to sit on the roof without anything being wrong?”

Sam rolled his eyes. “Sure, if this wasn’t said man’s hiding place. Not very discrete, mind you; I’m sure Tony knows you’re here.”

Steve stiffened and Sam cocked his head, studying the back of Steve’s. “So, this is about Tony?”

“No.” Steve’s voice was gruff and Sam rolled his eyes.

“What’d he do?”

“I found him and Bucky on the couch….cuddling.” Steve chanced a look back at Sam who was steadily regarding the horizon, his face blank.

“Oh.” He said eventually. He was silent for a moment before adding, “This does explain yesterday morning.”

Steve quirked an eyebrow questioningly. “They were sitting at the table eating breakfast. Tony’s head was on Bucky’s shoulder and Bucky’s hand was on his neck.” Sam told him. Steve digested this information silently and then took a deep breath.
 
“Well…” he faltered. “I guess we should be happy they found each other.”

Sam nodded, still staring at the skyscrapers dotting the view. “I guess so.”
~

Tony waved a hand in front of Bucky’s face. “C’mon, at least look like you’re not marching to your execution.” Bucky gave him a baleful look and Tony deflated. “I know you don’t want to be here,” he said quietly, “but thanks for coming anyway.”

Bucky huffed a breath and then pulled Tony into a tight hug, letting go just as Tony started to relax into it. “You can’t leave me here.” His eyes darted throughout the throng of people. “It’s so…crowded.”

Tony leaned next to him against the wall close enough that their shoulders bumped. “Of course I won’t leave you.” They stood there, watching the crowd, Tony occasionally waving hello at someone or smiling at a flirtatious look thrown his way.

“Really, James,” Tony said, “thank you for coming. This is really for you, Steve, and Sam.” Bucky eyed the ostentatious sign declaring this event to be a fundraiser for the Maria Stark Foundation and their new project: soldiers with PTSD.

“But mostly Steve.” Bucky nudged Tony’s shoulder with his own.

“Shut up.” Tony said, without heat. They both chuckled and Tony stood, straightening his suit jacket and turning to face Bucky. “C’mon, Barnes, it’s time to mingle. Wipe the murder off your face but let it linger in your eyes.” Bucky gave 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Misunderstandings
Touch-Starved
Platonic Cuddling
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

