Chapter 1: A Line
    


Summary:

Welcome!



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Yo, Barnes!  Lookin’ good, m’man!” Clint Barton greeted with a grin around a bagel with shmeer shoved in his mouth.
“God, you’re such a child, Clint.  Remind me why I’m doing this again?” Bucky Barnes asked, shrugging out of his vintage bomber jacket and folding the butter-soft leather to place it reverently in a pile on a clear spot on Barton’s desk.  It had been his grandfather’s, the first James Buchanan Barnes of the fighting 107th, passed directly from his granddad to him when he was a teenager.  It had been his favorite article of clothing since he turned 15 and finally had the shoulders to wear it.  His Dad had had his own, earned when he flew over Vietnam in the late 1960s.  Grandpa James always used to grumble about Dad’s choice of service arm, but he couldn’t deny Dad’s love of all things aircraft.  He’d’ve hated being grounded, stuck in the mud.  Whatever the branch, the Barnes men – and many of the women – served.
“Somethin’ about ‘carvin’ a new image’, I think?  I dunno.  I need a model, you need an image lift, and we got a nibble on the photo spread.  I got so many ideas, man.  Now fuckin’ get ready,” Barton commanded and took a big bite out of his bagel.
Bucky chuckled, and turned away to pull his t-shirt up over his head, folding it neatly on top of his jacket.  Next came the strap holding his prosthetic limb in place, an advanced design that provided him mobility and balance thanks to sensors surgically implanted in the stump of his left arm, communicating with nanochips embedded in the motor center of his brain.  It gave him the semblance of wholeness, but that wasn’t what he and Clint had decided on for this shoot.  They wanted to show off Bucky’s disability, showcase it in all its ugliness, in all its courageousness, in all its challenges, and in all its victories.
Because Bucky’s left arm had been lost to a roadside IED outside Kabul, a sack of nothing that just looked like trash tossed aside, and it had taken out half the Humvee he was riding in, his lieutenant, and most of his left arm.  He was lucky it hadn’t torn through his chest and taken his heart, too.  Connors in his squad hadn’t been so lucky.
He placed the prosthetic carefully on top of the pile of clothes, and checked it to make sure it had powered down properly.  If he didn’t take care of it, the battery would drain completely, and the dead weight on his left side would hurt like a sonovabitch.  Satisfied that it was completely off, he turned his attention to taking off his jeans, a worn, comfortable pair that were his go-to pants when he wanted to relax and move easily.  Skinny jeans made his ass look good, and his legs, too, but he only wore them when he was “on,”  usually on press junkets, late night talk show appearances, and activities where he – or rather his publicist – wanted him to be seen.  Skinny jeans could be uncomfortably tight, and he honestly wasn’t interested in attracting attention of a sexual nature.  Plus, actual circulation.  Bonus.  But yeah, not looking for a sexual encounter.
And that was why he was here, stripping down in Clint’s studio, about to do a photo shoot in the buff.  Wasn’t that a kick in the head?  Stark naked to desexualize himself for the masses.  
Two years ago, Afghanistan combat vet turned A-list actor James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes had accidentally outed himself as gay during the press tour of his last film, Let Me Go.  It was a rom com with a sexy, much in demand  female co-star, and the press had been eating up their photogenic facades and mashable names (“BuLinda” and “Lucky” were the top yet cringeworthy faves) when one of the reporters had caught him watching one of the more attractive men on the red carpet.  Asked point blank if he was interested, he’d blurted yes, and the rest was history.  The film did well – women seemed to love the idea of a sad gay boy they could either mother, or hope to turn if they’re just the right woman enough for him – and the gay community embraced him like a long-lost son.  Linda had been relieved that the press stopped trying to matchmake them, since she was in a committed relationship with her high school sweetheart, and the studio had been making uncomfortable noises about not letting her follow through on marriage plans.  But once the “secret” was out, he suddenly found himself the object of every gay matchmaker in town, the designated prey for a number of cougars on the prowl hoping to turn him, and the subject of a number of lustful propositions from men young and old that he’d really rather forget.
Truth was, Bucky found everyone attractive in concept.  Women, he found aesthetically pleasing, but not necessarily sexually attractive.  Men, he also found aesthetically pleasing, and again, not necessarily sexually attractive.  Bucky liked kissing men more than he liked kissing women, but he didn’t mind if his par
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Fake/Pretend Relationship
actor!bucky
Artist!Steve
photographer!Clint
Stucky Big Bang 2016
Mention of losing a limb
mention of fatal illness
Parent suffering from cancer
Photography
Food Kink
Aftercare
Mutual Pining
Mistakes
past abusive relationship
Asexual Character
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Demisexual James "Bucky" Barnes
Frottage
Hand Jobs
Pretend
Thor - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson

