Chapter 1





Chapter Text
On Friday Darcy inherited a secret lair, on Monday she made an offer on the property to build another. Who didn't need two secret bases? When she took Tony to the site in Williamsburg, he walked around the block once, scratched at his chin, looked at Manhattan, looked at the hole in the ground, shrugged and said "buy it". Gloria, the real estate agent, who hadn't stopped gawping at Tony since they pulled up, was on her phone faster than Darcy had ever seen another human being move. On Tuesday they brought Pepper down for a more thorough evaluation, but in the end she said the same thing. Or, actually, she said "it looks like a sound real estate investment". Gloria laughed and cried and hugged them all. And DL Holdings, LLP was born (the name wasn't her choice; Pepper got fed up with waiting for her to come up with something, and apparently Pew Pew Pew Property wasn't an acceptable option). On Wednesday morning she told Bucky he had a bar. He looked like he wanted to kiss her. Honestly, she wouldn't have stopped him. But, then he'd just smirked and pulled a notepad from his pocket and started sketching plans. Well, somebody was happy, at least. Because Wednesday afternoon didn't do her any favors. "It's funny how when Bucky started talking to me again, you stopped."Darcy scrunched her nose and didn't look up as Steve walked through the common room. So, maybe it wasn't an ideal place to work, but the walls of her office were starting to close in and the suits kept staring at her; plus, she was tired of hiding. Maybe she wasn't actively seeking out Steve, but she wasn't going to avoid him anymore. Her head was clear enough to face it now. Mostly. She did, however, keep her eyes focused on the laptop balanced on her knees while she attempted to write a 'real' report. One of the many boxes in the garage contained her journal from 1946, and while she'd love to just hand it to Phil, he was still irked enough that she thought she'd probably better properly format it and crap. A Captain America comic signed by Peggy Carter was only going to buy her so much grace. "I take it you don't mean funny 'ha ha'," she muttered. "Not really," Steve said, dropping onto the couch across from her. "I don't think the two are related.""No?" He sounded doubtful with his tone just edging into annoyed. "No." She glanced at him and pasted on a smile. "I'm glad you're talking, though. Finally, huh?"Steve pursed his lips. "Yeah. It's good to have him back.""I'm happy for you.""Thanks."Darcy shifted uncomfortably on the loveseat. It seemed like now was the time for the Conversation. Time to stop putting it off. So, of course, she put it off a little longer. "Did he show you were he wants to put his bar?"Steve was silent for a second or two. "No, not yet.""We made an offer Monday. Dad and Pepper and I went down there. It's good. But, he was way over the moon about the place for the bar," she said, trying for conversational, trying to ease her way into this. "Was that always a thing with him? Like, back in the day, did he talk about getting a bar?""No," Steve said, still short and clipped with his answers. With a sigh, she pressed her lips together, and stared at the screen for another minute before shutting the laptop and sliding it onto the coffee table next to a pair of journals. Her eyes lingered on the pair. Steve deserved an explanation, he deserved the truth, he did not deserve to have her talk him in circles. Peggy said be honest. "Okay, let's do this."With a sharp nod, Steve sat forward on the couch, his forearms braced across his knees. "If I've pushed, Darcy, it's only because I'm worried. You've been through a lot recently. I want to make sure you're okay."She smiled at him and said, "I'm grateful. Really.""If it was me, you'd have been all over me about it.""That is actually true," she said with a small laugh. "So …" Steve glanced up at her from under his lashes. "You talked to Tony? About everything?""Everything.""Did it help?" he asked, his brow furrowing with curiosity."It did, actually. It helped both of us, I think," she assured him. Tony actually laughed about his dad, and for a little while Howard wasn't as painful and awkward a subject as he usually was. It felt healing, and she hoped it actually was. Steve let out a long breath and offered her a small smile. "Good." Chewing on her upper lip, Darcy thought about how best to bring this up and follow Peggy's advice to look him in the eye. Picking up the journals, she stood and circled the coffee table to perch on the end nearest him. It was hard to stand up straight when they were both sitting, but she could adapt, and it wasn't right to leave even the small table between them. "The attack," she started after a deep breath. "The device Hydra used was part of a larger machine; the thing Red Skull used to funnel the Tesseract energy into his weapons."Steve frowned at that. She supposed he wasn't expecting to have that part of his history brought u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

